 This is the 6th and final chapter of this series. That's not to say that Nick and Heather won't have more fun with Rob and Jeanie. This twisted mind has a lot of exploring to do. 

Need to catch up?

Click here for Chapter 1

Click here for Chapter 2

Click here for Chapter 3

Click here for Chapter 4

Click here for Chapter 5

And now, the conclusion: 

*****

When finished with breakfast, we gathered back into the living room. At last, the four of us were at ease with our new love and friendship. Heather and Jeanie had an odd sense of comfort that puzzled me but it was so casual and discrete, it was hard to see and difficult to put any kind of physical trait to it. It was subtle but it was obvious to me that something deeper lurked in their manner. Maybe it's that 'woman intuition' thing. Women are always hugging and kissing on each other. I could see a connection and it felt good and right. 

We resumed our positions on the love seats with our wives and simply had normal, everyday conversations. Work, kids, recreation, neighborhood issues, and other topics just flew by, one after another. We all were very 'handsy' with each other, Rob with Jeanie, Heather and me. 

At some point, the topic turned to our sexual preferences, what we do, what we like, both as couples and individuals. It was a bit awkward asking questions but a sense of curiosity had arisen in all of us and we all wanted some answers. 

I took the opportunity to get the tablet out again. This time, not so much to progress to getting naked and sexing it up, but simply learning more about each other. I removed all the sex categories so only 'Truth' would be used to expose our intimate secrets. Everyone agreed. This time, Rob and Jeanie would go first with Heather and me following. 

Rob spun first. "What kind of sexual activities do you wish to try?" 

"Oh boy," Rob stated, almost embarrassed. 

"Come on, sweetie," Jeanie encouraged. "No time to be shy now." 

"Well, I've always wanted to do a group thing but ... well ... that ship has sailed," he said. We all laughed. "So now, I would have to say my biggest fantasy is to have two women. I've always wanted one to ride my cock while the other rides my face. That would send me to heaven." 

"Hey, that's my fantasy!" I said. "You stole mine. 

"Yeah," Heather noted, "it's every man's fantasy. Get in line." 

"Well, mine is more specific though." 

"Oh really," Heather responded. "Do tell." 

"Sorry babe, not my turn. You'll have to wait," I winked at her. She smirked at me. 

"Jeanie, spin the wheel," I said as Rob handed her the tablet. 

"What's the sluttiest thing you've ever done?" 

"Oh no!" she exclaimed. "I don't want to answer this." 

"Tough shit," Rob replied. "Take your question." I nodded agreement. Heather just stared at Jeanie, her eyes wide with anticipation. 

"Well, shit, really? Do I have to answer this?" 

"YES!" Rob and I answered together. 

"Fine! But realize there are things that, sometimes, should be kept secret." she replied.

"Not in this group, sweetie," Rob replied. 

"We're all sworn to secrecy, right?" We all nodded. 

"Well, I would have to say that the sluttiest thing I've ever done, I did with one of my best friends in college. We tricked two guys, our boyfriends, into having sex with both of us ... at the same time."

"NO WAY!" Heather exclaimed, almost too shocked. Her eyes were still huge and she was spellbound by Jeanie's account. 

"Yeah, I guess I have to admit, it was pretty slutty and we loved every minute of it. I doubt we really had to trick them. I'm sure they would have jumped at the chance, but it was a huge turn on knowing we fooled them." 

"How? What did you do to trick them?" Heather asked. 

"That's a story for another time," she scolded. "After we were done with them," she paused, turned red with embarrassment, then continued, "we booted them out and then sucked their cum out of each other. We fuckin ate each other's pussies." 

"Damn, babe," Rob said, "why haven't you ever told me this? That's fuckin HOT!" I wholeheartedly agreed. Heather, again, sat quiet, her eyes wide in amazement. 

"Well, it seemed like a silly phase, and for a conservative 'good girl', it's not something I figured I would ever brag about," Jeanie explained. 

"Heather, you certainly got my engines revving earlier. Brought back some good memories." 

Heather, still wide eyed, just sat there without saying a word. 

"Heather, what's going on?" I asked. "You're very quiet." 

She started to talk but her throat was dry. She cleared her throat and said, "I'm just fascinated by that story. Fuck, Jeanie, that's hot! You really ate another girl's pussy in college?" 

"Yeah," she sighed. "It was a phase. A fun, sexy phase. I loved it. Made me question my sexuality a little though. I thought I was in love with another woman. I guess I was but ... I need my man and his cock. I haven't had another experience like it until this morning with you, bestie." 

"I loved it too, sister," Heather responded. "You tasted so sweet." 

"We loved it too," Rob piped up. 

I agreed. "It was amazing watching you two 69 each other, then fucking you afterward." 

"Ok," Jeanie announced handing me the tablet, "your turn Nick." 

"Wait, I'm with Heather. How did you fool them?" Rob asked. 

Jeanie was undeterred. "I said that's a story for later." 

"FINE!" Rob conceded.

I took the tablet and gave it a spin. "Do you like being tied up?" 

"I don't know. I like the idea of it but have never tried it," I replied. "Heather, you down with a little bondage?" I asked. 

"I'm down with YOUR bondage," she said, "Not so much mine. You'd tickle me. I hate being tickled." 

"Maybe we'll have to give it a shot," I winked at her. 

"Wait, what was the 'more specific' part of Rob's question you mentioned?" Heather asked. 

"That wasn't part of the question," I replied. 

"C'mon, Nick," Rob quizzed, "what did I miss?" 

"Well, ok, I'll tell y'all. I have the same fantasy. To have one lady ride my face while another rides my cock has long been a dream, and maybe one that can be fulfilled ... among friends ..." I looked around the room. No one seemed to be against the idea. In fact, all were nodding. 

"My addition would be that the ladies are facing each other and making out, running their hands over each other's bodies, moaning, and enjoying each other as much as the enjoyment I'm giving them." 

"Ooooo," Heather flinched, "wow, I don't know. We enjoyed our fun this morning but I don't know about ongoing festivities. But, that could be a good addition. What do you think, sister?" she asked Jeanie. 

"Sounds fun to me. I could do it again and again with you, sweetie," Jeanie replied and smiled at Heather. Heather blushed but smiled back. 

"Well, my cock is hard just thinking about it," I chimed in. "Rob's got a pretty decent tent over there as well." 

We all turned to Rob. He also blushed. We all laughed at him. 

"Heather's turn," Jeanie announced. 

"What's the wildest place you've ever had sex?"

"Oh, this is easy," Heather said looking at me. I winked my approval for her to tell. "At our wedding reception. In front of all the guests while I was opening gifts. Nobody had a clue ... well, I hope nobody did." 

"Seriously?" Jeanie asked. "How?" 

"Well, it took some doing," Heather began. "I was so horny on our wedding day. Nick and I had decided that we would wait until we got married to have sex, so my pussy was on fire the entire day. I knew he had a nice package. We never had sex but we groped a lot. I dry humped that thing several times and had several orgasms in my pants. 

"So, at some point, the reception line died down a bit and I excused myself to go pee. In the bathroom, I thought it would be sexy to leave my panties off. I was so wet and aching for Nick's cock, I wanted to get his motor running. 

"When I came back, I stood next to him in line and secretly passed my drenched panties in to his hand. His face lit up, like it is now," everyone looked at me, and sure enough, I was beaming. 

"WHAT!?" I protested. "I was horny too. And her putting her panties in my hand had me stiffer than I've ever been before." 

"We stood there for the next 2 hours meeting friends and relatives. I literally had pussy juice running down the insides of my thighs. It really wasn't as sexy as I thought it would be." 

"It was for me," I quickly added. 

"Yeah, well, next time, you can have it running down your legs for hours. We'll see if you love it then," Heather shot back. I smiled, and wished it could come true. 

"So, anywho," she continued, "as the night progressed, we did all our wedding festivities; the first dance, cutting the cake, tossing the bouquet, the GARTER! The fuckin garter," she emphasized. "I didn't think about the garter before removing my panties earlier. Good thing my dress and train were so long." 

"Oh yeah," I smiled. "The garter. I loved that long, flowing dress. I ducked my head under her dress which she quickly made sure she was covered. I don't think anyone was fooled by where my head ended up. When I got under that dress, I was treated to the prettiest, wet pussy I have ever seen. Her legs were drenched in her juices. I moved WAY past the garter and treated myself to the tastiest manna on the planet. I took a few laps at her swollen pussy before she was able to push my head away. I could hear the crowd cheering me on." 

"Asshole! My mom and dad were watching. God, I was so fuckin embarrassed," Heather said in a pissed-off voice. She has never forgiven me for taking advantage of the situation. 

"I knew she wasn't happy about my 'slip of the tongue' so I didn't fight her. I managed to get the garter between my teeth and pull it down her leg. The lucky guy that caught it, who was it babe, your cousin?" 

"Yeah, lucky him."

"Well, he was lucky. The garter was drenched on the side where her juices were running. I doubt that redneck idiot knew what he had. Probably thought I'd slobbered all over it." 

"So, after the ASSHOLE embarrassed me, we moved on. It was time to open gifts. Usually, the bride will sit in a chair while the groom stands behind and helps out. Nick wanted me to sit on his lap. I wanted to feel his cock against my naked pussy so I agreed. I draped my dress over him and started to sit. 

"Unknown to me, I thought he was straightening out the dress in his lap, but he as unzipping and pulling his cock out. When I sat down, he had it aimed true. It hit my opening in the right spot and I slipped right on down, all the way to his balls. 

"My momentum took me down. I was shocked and I really didn't want him inside me at that moment. I knew I was way past turned on and it would be more embarrassing than the garter incident. But I was already off balance and couldn't stop until it was fully inside me. I turned to him and let out the quietest gasp I could hold in. That fucker hit my cervix and I started to cum. 

"I faced him for several seconds while kissing him. It was the only way I could control myself and not scream out in ecstasy. I couldn't move. If I had moved, I would have started wildly fucking him. The crowd, and I hope to god they didn't know what was going on, simply applauded the moment, thinking we were sharing a passionate kiss. At least I hope so." 

"It was fuckin awesome!" I chimed in, a huge grin on my face. "Here we were, at least 200 people watching us fuck and had no clue." 

"So, for the next 30 minutes, I sat on Nicky's cock and opened presents. I made sure I turned around several times to show him what we had received. His eyes were glazed over. Every time I turned, I knew he was close to shooting his cum in me." 

"I have NO CLUE what we got, or who it came from," I laughed. "I was in heaven, literally, in heaven. When I die, I want my cock in this amazing woman." 

"When it was over, I had to stand up slowly so the dress didn't come off his lap until he was tucked back in," Heather continued. 

"Do either of you have a clue how hard it is to tuck this thing away?" I asked. "It took some doing but I got it back in. When she finally moved away, I couldn't stand. My cock was rock hard and straining against my pants. Stupid tux did nothing to cover my crotch.

"And even worse, the entire time she was sitting on me, her pussy was dripping. I had a HUGE wet spot under my balls. It looked like I peed my pants," I said, laughing. 

"Serves you right, you horny pig," Heather said. 

"Yeah, it was worth it," I smiled. 

Jeanie and Rob were all smiles listening to our story. We'd never told anyone about it ... well, together. There were plenty of my friends that knew and I'm sure Heather had told a few of hers, but we had never told it together, let alone to another couple. 

"That's amazing," Jeanie finally said. 

"Fuckin hot, brother," Rob nodded his approval to me. 

"Makes me wet every time I think about it," Heather said. "As embarrassing as it could have been, I think we pulled it off. I don't think anyone knew." 

"Ok," I said, "I believe it's Rob's turn again." I handed him the tablet. 

Rob spun the wheel. "How intense do you like to be spanked, or spank?" 

Jeanie chuckled. Rob gave her a dirty look. 

"Well, I actually love a good spanking," he said. "I don't like it real hard. Too many memories of the belt dad used on me, but when Jeanie smacks my ass, my cock gets a little thicker." 

"Does it make you cum harder," Heather asked. 

"Does it ever," Jeanie volunteered. "His answer is an understatement. He loves a good spanking." 

"Can we keep this between us, babe," Rob said shyly. "It's a little weird." 

"No worries, buddy," I said. "Heather's been known to spat my ass a few times. I like it. She gets the same although, she doesn't like it as much." 

"Yeah, well, whatever. Fine. I love a good spanking," he finally admitted. "Can we move on now?!" he said and handed the tablet to Jeanie. 

Jeanie spun the wheel. "What is the most dangerous sexual thing you've ever done?" 

"I haven't really been the most adventurous when it comes to sex," she said. "I'm not into public displays so I've never really done anything I would call dangerous. Probably the thing with the roommate, I would have to say." 

"That was pretty hot, sweetie," Heather replied. "I would say it was dangerous." We all nodded. 

I took the tablet and spun the wheel. "What's the naughtiest thing you've ever done or thought about?"

"I think I'll keep this to a thought right now," I said. "My naughtiest thought has always been to share Heather with another man. Hmmm, I guess that's the naughtiest thing I've done too. It has been so much fun sharing our intimacies with you two." 

"We're glad it's all worked out," Rob added. "I've had my fantasies about sharing Jeanie and to be able to share her with our best friends has been a treat." 

I handed the tablet to Heather. "Have you ever broken or surpassed your limits? If so, when? If not, would you ever?" 

"Oh no, no, no," she responded. "Do I have to answer this?" 

"What's with you two?" I asked. "Just answer the stupid questions. Damn!" 

"Well, shit, fine," she said. "Ok, you're gonna think this is weird, but when I was in college," she said, looking at Jeanie, "I was a pretty good girl. I didn't sleep around much. Hell, I didn't even date much. In my junior year, I was dating a boy and we were getting serious. We had made out a few times, and I let him get to 2nd base a few times without my top on, and even 3rd base with my pants on. I knew I would be having sex with him at some point. He turned me on to no end. God, what a great kisser he was. 

"One day, my roommate and I were talking about our boyfriends and how seriously sexy they were. She had already had sex with her boyfriend. She told me all about his cock, and how it felt when she fucked him. I was so wet, I was ready to go right there on the spot. 

"Well, one day, both of them were at the apartment. My roomie and her boyfriend were out watching TV. I was in our room making out, pretty seriously; he had taken my shirt and bra off so I was topless and he was sucking my titties pretty good. 

"Suddenly, the door opens. Her and what's-his-name entered the room. I grabbed my shirt and started trying to cover myself. She walks over, rips my shirt away from me and tells me to relax. 

"She then takes her shirt and bra off and starts making out with her boyfriend on her bed."

"So I figured, 'what the hell?' and resumed making out with my boyfriend."

"How far did it go?" I asked. 

Heather shrugged, tilted her head down a little, and quietly answered, "Within about 15 minutes, we were all naked. My roomie was sucking her boyfriend's dick and I was getting a good tongue lashing from mine." 

"NO FUCKIN WAY!" Jeanie said. "You're making this up." 

"No, I kinda wish I was. I was a 'good girl', remember. Not my proudest moment, but a VERY GOOD memory. I think about it sometimes, but it's been in my thoughts and dreams since we pounced on Nick last year. Last night was a good refresher." 

"So how far did you go?" Rob asked, beating me to the punch. 

With her head still hanging, she answered quietly, "All the way ... and then some." With that admission, she lifted her eyes, looking at me, wondering how I was taking the news. 

"And then some?" I asked. 

"Once the blowjob and pussy eating began, there was no turning back. My roomie soon mounted up on her boyfriend, and my boyfriend started fucking me." 

"Wow!" Jeanie said. "That's amazing." 

"Wait! What's the 'and then some' part," I asked. 

"Nicky, do I have to? It's embarrassing," Heather begged. 

"Embarrassing? Hell, this is the hottest thing you've ever told me. I can't believe you've kept it from me," I replied. "Rob, Jeanie, y'all wanna hear more?" 

Rob sat quiet and nodded. Jeanie couldn't contain herself. "Fuck yeah, I want to hear it all, girl. Spill it" 

"Bitch!" Heather blurted and gave Jeanie the 'evil eye'. "Fine, but you all have to promise to NEVER tell anyone about this." We all agreed. 

"My roomie was riding her boyfriend, while mine was riding me. We changed positions a few times. I could hear my roomie moaning as she had an orgasm which sent me over the edge.

"After we both climaxed, my roomie, deviant she was, asked her boyfriend if he wanted to fuck me. He was all for it. My boyfriend's cock grew harder inside me and he almost shot his load in me. Her boyfriend looked at me and said something like 'hell yeah, you know I do'. 

"So without much more than that, they both got up and switched. I suddenly had her boyfriend's cock in me while mine was fucking her."

I looked at Rob. "Can you believe this? I thought I was bad for thinking about having some group sex and both our wives are old pros at it." Rob could only shake his head in disbelief. I looked back at Heather. "Go on," I prodded. 

"Well, the boys seemed to be enjoying themselves much more than we were. Her boyfriend was ready to cum within a few minutes. I could hear my boyfriend making the same sounds. I didn't want her boyfriend's cum on or in me so I made them switch back. 

"They switched back, and just in time. They both shot off in us within a few seconds. God, it was so weird but so fuckin amazing at the same time. I had never had a boy cum in me. It was wonderful. I felt so ... womanly." 

I sat dumbfounded. I couldn't believe what my sweet wife had just told us. "WOW!" was all I could muster. Rob and I both sat in stunned silence. 
