 One of the things I enjoy about the house is that we have a large, eat-in kitchen with plenty of space for cooking and, as is all too rare in most houses, multiple cooks. It was one of the things that drew us to the house in the first place. There were many things we liked about it but, when we were looking for the place to call our own, it was upon entering the kitchen we both knew it was to be ours.

Since day one of our relationship, you and I have always loved to cook together. "Foreplay," you have called it for years - too many years to count these days, a comfort to us both - and it continues to be the case. You and I move around the kitchen, performing various tasks in getting the meals ready, but I instinctively find some way to touch you every time I pass by you or stand next to you. A stroke of your back here, a rub of your shoulder there, a peck on the cheek or a nibble of your earlobe. I can't help myself and I am lucky enough to have a partner who wants every second of it. I love you.

Our friends came over for dinner. They stayed in the kitchen as we cooked. The house feels warm and inviting, especially when we have friends over for a meal. Better yet, these were long-time friends and there were no awkward moments or real surprises. We were all quite comfortable together and they were used to hanging out in the kitchen as we prepped the meal and spent the time caressing and attending to one another. We had been doing it for so long, we didn't think anything of it when other people were around us.

You were in a mood tonight - a fantastic, sexy, horny, loving and playful mood. It doesn't take much to get me going but you know all the right buttons to press, physically and verbally. I couldn't wait for our friends to leave, much as I was enjoying myself, but I needed to have you. I am not sure I could have made it into the bedroom had you offered sex at the moment; a day dream quickly passed through my mind of us clearing the dining room table as soon as were alone and going at it right then and there on top of the table.

"What about you?" I came back to reality, as one of the others was asking me a question. The topic had changed without my realizing and I was lost. Apparently, we were talking about sex - never a bad thing but a far cry from the discussion of politics we had been having before I zoned out. "What's something out of the ordinary you two have done, sexually, we wouldn't guess?"

I wasn't sure how to answer. While I was sifting through our memories - and what an amazing catalog of memories it was with you - I offered a joke. "I got to second base last night." After the collective groan and a napkin being thrown my way from across the table, I figured I had to come up with something. How to pick?

Do I talk about the time you gave me a blowjob in a rest stop parking lot when we were on a trip? Do I tell them about the time I played with your g-spot in the woods on one of the trails near the house, wondering if we were going to be discovered at any moment? How about the time we sat in front of a mirror, with me on a chair and you riding me, also facing the mirror, watching the hot and horny couple staring back at us? Maybe one of the times you read erotica while I went down on you? Trading sexual favors as bets during a football game in your living room? All the times we told each other fantasies during sex - mind-blowing sex - to heighten the orgasms? I was stumped and the list went on in my head. You are the not only a fantastic lover but I couldn't begin to dream up a better one if I tried... not that I wanted to try, either.

"I'm tongue-tied and have no idea how to answer." Not helping matters, of course, was that you had taken that opportunity to start stroking me under the table. You like to drag your nails along the outline of my cock, over my pants. It drives me wild. Well, it drives us both wild as you get pretty wet from it, but after several minutes of it, I am ready to rip your clothes off every time. (One of the times you did that on a long car ride through a couple states comes to mind as I type this. I really am a lucky guy.)

"Too many from which to decide. Tell me yours first," I say.

"About a year ago," she began, "we had friends over. One thing led to another and, before I knew it, I was tied up and being enjoyed by our friends and my own loving partner. Six hands caressing and exploring every inch of me was incredible. Hands were replaced by tongues, cocks and a wet pussy. I didn't know which end was up and I was one raw nerve. I'm wet just thinking about it."

"Me, too," you said without intending.

Three sets of eyes shifted over to you simultaneously.

"I can't imagine how fantastic that must be to be so over-sensitized."

Your hand moved on its own from my cock to your breast as you spoke. I don't think you even realized it, but you slipped your hand inside your shirt and massaged your left nipple.

"Tell me more," you said.

"How about if we show you?"

We all stood. I turned, cupped your face with my hands and kissed you deeply and intently. Lust burned intensely in your response. Your tongue wrestled with mine and you tugged at your shirt, pulling it out of your pants. My hands roamed all over your body and your breathing increased quickly.

You grabbed my hand and pulled me to the couch. The table is nice and you have had fantasies about being taken by others all around a table, but the couch was far more comfortable. In the four steps to the couch, you stripped bare. As I said earlier, you were driven and as soon as you sat down to face me, I saw you were quite wet.

Standing above you, I leaned over to kiss you more. You unbuckled my belt and yanked my pants down. Oh ya, people were there with us. We turned to look over at them and they were stripping as well. During one of our many fantasy stories during sex, you laid out this scenario and told me you would do it for me but you wanted to be able to direct and tell the others what to do. I was all for it and, in the moment, I saw that's what you began to do.

You told our friends to come over onto the couch and the three of us should caress you. We did. Your face was filled with pure bliss - a smile from ear to ear - as six hands gently rubbed you in all directions. You closed your eyes to savor the moment. Nails dragged up and down your arm, then across your chest. One of those two hands slowly - excruciatingly slowly - used a single fingertip to circle your left nipple. In turn, it hardened and ached for more.

More hands rubbed your legs. You got wetter and wetter from the whole experience. Every now and then, a finger took some of your pussy's lube and rubbed it up and down your inner thighs.

"Use your tongues," you directed. There was no hesitation from any of us.

The finger slowly making its way around your nipple was replaced by a tongue. You could no longer hold a thought. Another tongue glided up the nape of your neck while a hand cupped your right breast. The fingers that had been caressing your legs separated your legs a bit and there was little doubt where the tongue was headed. Still, anticipation ruled the day - well, it would have if you had been able to think about it - and the tongue and lips in front of you inched up your inner thigh with small kisses and long strokes from the tongue.

The mouth that had been on your neck sucked your earlobe ever so slightly and made its way to your mouth. The foreign tongue made its way to yours and you kissed for a while.

The tongue between your legs hit paydirt. When it began to make its way with those long and slow strokes up and down your lips, you groaned. Then came the four words I had been waiting to hear: "Hold my hands down." The two people enjoying the top half did just that and you were restrained. You got wetter in that one second.

You saw stars. The tongue between your legs was magical. No more time with your lips for the moment, though, as it slipped inside you. A long, slow groan came from deep within you. Heaven, pure heaven. The tongue was slowly and seductively fucking you. Your hips bucked not only to meet it but to try to speed it up.

You broke from the kiss on one side and shifted your head, gasping for air. It was all fantastic and you told us so. The hands and mouth on your left broke away for a moment and you felt the couch shift when he (she? He? "Fuck it, someone with a fantastic mouth," you thought) returned. Your eyes were closed and you now had one hand free, but you just rested against the couch and savored the moment. Eyes closed, you still noticed that things went dark. She spoke (ha - she - you knew it) and told you that she blindfolded you. It had made the experience ten times more intense for her, she said, and wanted you to experience it. Blindfold tied, her hand grabbed your wrist and pinned it against the top of the couch behind you again. You grinned wider, loving every minute.

The tongue between your legs took a break from fucking you. It was a break you needed, as you were getting closer and closer to orgasm. You thought you wanted to hold off. (Did you? It was a rough decision. Cum, not cum. What you came to realize quickly was that it wasn't your choice anymore at the rate this was going.) Lips immediately encircled your clit and an expert tongue danced around your clit. Completely trapped by the lips, the tongue found every sensitive spot and you escalated even more quickly to orgasm. You panted. The lips started to suck your clit, drawing it out from its hood even more. Your tits ached for more attention and you demanded help. (Maybe you just grunted. You really couldn't tell.) Still, hands went to your tits and rubbed them, sending shocks of pleasure through to your core.

Your hands were released and you reached out, feeling my bald head between your legs. You love to stroke my head. You find comfort in knowing it's me down there, too. You shifted your hands out to our friends - one found his cock and the other rubbed one of her nipples.

Hands expertly rub your tits on both sides. Down below, I am sucking your clit, running my tongue back and forth across it and that sends you to the point of no return.

Orgasm sweeps through you like a breaking ocean wave, pounding you from all around and you let you're a scream that I have come to know and love. It is a scream of pure release and satisfaction.

Panting, you cannot speak. You hear in your ear, "that's one. You're getting three tonight."