 Heather kissed my cheek, patted my ass, and said, "See ya in a bit. Love ya, sleepy head." 

I wearily opened an eye and grunted something undecipherable. I rolled over and looked at the clock. "11:35? What the hell? How did I sleep this late? 

"Where you goin'?" I stammered as I lazily stretched my sleepy arms and legs. 

"I'm meeting a few friends for lunch, remember?" she said. "Then I have a bit of shopping to do. I'll be home around three or so." 

"Okay," I moaned still trying to wake up. I felt my morning wood strain against the sheets and couldn't just leave it. I kicked them off, grabbed it and exaggerated a few strokes. "You wanna skip your friends and enjoy a hot dog for lunch?" I asked and batted my eyebrows. 

She reached down and gave me a few strokes. "Sounds tempting, but no. Don't worry though. I'm sure I can find a way to get that hot dog eaten later," she smiled. I love morning sex and let my disappointment known. Heather saw the pouty look and said, "Poor baby. So neglected," with her best 'baby talk' voice. 

She then showed off how practice was making perfect by slowly opening her mouth and swallowing my cock until her nose was buried in my pubes. She pulled off quickly leaving a trail of saliva stretching from my cockhead to her lower lip. "That'll hold ya," she said as she wiped her mouth. 

"Bitch," I snorted with a disappointed smile. 

"Asshole," she smiled, turned away, and disappeared out the door. I heard the outside door open and close and soon heard the car start and then fade away as she drove off. 

"Well, shit," I muttered to myself. I yawned a stretched again trying to clear the fog from my brain. Owning a business has its perks. I didn't schedule any appointments. I had nowhere to be. I could be as lazy as I wanted but I have never been one to lie around. This particular Wednesday morning, I was having a very hard time peeling the mattress off my back. I didn't fight it. I propped myself up a little and turned the TV on to create some background noise so I wouldn't drift off asleep again. 

My morning wood continued straining me. I knew it wouldn't go away until I relieved the pressure in my bladder. The mattress felt too good so I closed my eyes and stroked my rock hard member. My mind drifted to Heather. I imagined her stroking, licking, sucking, and fucking me. Suddenly Jeanie popped into my head and I imagined her deep throating me as only she can. 

My hips began bucking as images of Heather and Jeanie having their way with me flooded my mind. I continued stroking myself and could hear myself moaning from the pleasure I was giving myself. Diane's body suddenly appeared before me. God, what a dream. 

In my mind, Heather, Jeanie, and Diane were sharing my cock in a friendly blowjob. They were on either side of me and each had one side of my cock to themselves while Diane was sucking my balls. They started at the base of my cock and licked and sucked their way to the top then shared a passionate kiss once they cleared the head. Then they reversed course and licked and kissed my cock back down to the base. After lavishing my balls with some sucking and licking, they began the trek back to the top with another passionate kiss to top it off. 

This continued until Jeanie was sitting on my cock riding it like she'd never get another opportunity. Her breasts bounced up and down beautifully as she bobbed up and down on my cock. Jeanie's face suddenly morphed and Heather was riding my cock. Then Diane appeared. Fuck, I was in heaven. 

My eyes opened and I realized my imagination had turned into a dream. I looked at the clock. 12:22. Damn! I really needed to get up. My morning wood was still straining and my bladder was beginning to hurt. As difficult as it was, I rose and shuffled slowly to the bathroom. I sat down but had trouble sitting and getting my hardon in the toilet to pee. When my bladder is this full I have a hard time starting a flow. Eventually, I was draining my bladder as my wood turned to putty. 

When finished, I reached into the shower and started the water. When the steam started to rise, I stepped in. The hot water felt wonderful on my tired body. I turned the 2nd head on and stood between the streams as the water flowed over the front and back of my body. I turned my face to the wall, raised my arms to create a "pillow" and rested my head on my forearm. The water flowing over my body was very relaxing. 

I stood in the flow for a several minutes letting my mind wander to my wonderful dream just minutes ago. My flaccid cock twitched a few times as I imagined Heather, Jeanie, and Diane enjoying my cock. I was lost in my thoughts. 

My mind went in a different direction and soon Jeanie was pushed up behind me in the shower, her wonderful tits pressed tightly against my back while her hands wrapped around and stroked me. She began rubbing her body up and down my back. 

"Mmmm, Heather was right," she said. 

My mind couldn't process her comment. I opened my eyes and realized I wasn't dreaming. Jeanie was literally behind me, her tits pushed into my back while she gave me the reach around and rubbed her body against me. Startled, I jumped. 

"Fuck, Jeanie! Where did you come from?" 

Jeanie laughed when she realized I had no idea she was there until she spoke. "Seriously?" 

"How long have you been here?" I asked. 

"Long enough to get this thing in working order," she said giving my cock a few shakes. It was mostly hard. "It was pretty limp when I walked in," she said and continued stroking me. 

"Well, good thing you're here then," I said. "But now you're going to have to give me some relief." 

"That's why I'm here. Heather called and told me your 'hot dog' was ready and willing to be eaten," she said. 

"Damn, Heather. THANK YOU!" I said. "What else did she say?" 

"Did she need to say more?" she asked, her tits burning tracks into my back as she continued sliding up and down. 

"I guess not," I answered. 

"She told me the door was open and that I should sneak in and surprise you. She told me you had just woken up so you may still be in bed. I told her I was finishing some work and couldn't get here for a half hour or longer." 

"I'd say your timing is perfect," I said. 

"It was fun walking in and seeing you facing away from me in the shower," she said. "I was a bit surprised when you didn't react much when I snuggled up to you." 

"I'm still half asleep," I said. "I actually fell asleep for another half hour after Heather left. I had a good, morning woody and dreamt you, Diane, and Heather were taking turns on me. When I got in the shower, I guess I was still in a sexual fantasy daze. I slipped into another dream state and you snuggling up to me fit into the dream, I guess." 

I slowly turned to face her, looking into her amazing eyes, and wrapping my arms around her. 

"Sounds like an amazing dream," she said returning my gaze. 

I bent down to kiss her. Our tongues found each other and danced a carnal tango. She moaned into my mouth as she sucked my tongue deep into her mouth while continuing her ministrations on my cock. I was rock hard. I reached down and gave her ass a tight squeeze and pulled her hips into mine, trapping my cock between us. 

"Mmmmm," she moaned into my mouth. 

I reached for the soap and began rubbing the suds on her ass cheeks, up her back, then descended to her ass and between her cheeks to rub her anus and pussy. 

"Mmmmmm," she moaned again into my mouth. 

She took the soap from my hand and worked a lather into my crotch as I fingered her pussy lips and clit with my soapy fingers. She was soon using both hands to fuck my cock as I slipped a finger into her slit. We still hadn't finished our kiss and we were both moaning into each other's mouths. 

I pulled my finger from her hungry cunt and slid my hand to her perineum and then circled her rectum. She moaned until I started to slide a slippery finger into her tight little hole. She pulled away from our kiss and stared at me wide-eyed. 

"Ever have anything in there?" I asked. 

"Nothing sexual," she replied. 

I pushed the tip of my finger inside. She tensed up and winced. "Ow!" she snarled. 

I pulled my finger out but continued circling her ring. 

"Relax, Jeanie. I promise to go slow. If you're tensed up, it'll hurt. Relax and it may feel pretty fuckin good."

"It kinda felt good already. I just wasn't expecting it," she said. 

I continued massaging her opening and felt her tension ease. I started to slide my middle finger in again and, again, she tensed up. I stopped but held my finger in place. 

"Relax and enjoy where my finger is. I won't go any further until you're ready." 

"It feels good. But it feels weird like I need to poop." 

"Yeah, just go with it for a minute. I'll be gentle." 

She laid her head on my shoulder as she continued stroking my aching hardon. I held my finger in place until I felt her sphincter relax again. 

"You're feeling relaxed again," I said. "Focus on keeping your ass relaxed while I push in further."

With her head still on my shoulder, she nodded but I felt her tighten up again. 

"Relax," I whispered in her ear and I felt her ass loosen around my finger again. I pushed in another half inch. She moaned but remained relaxed. I pushed in, to my middle knuckle and she moaned again. 

"You good?" I asked. 

"Mmmmm, yeah, it feels strange, but I think I could get used to this." 

I slowly pulled halfway out then slowly back the same depth. 

"Oh, fuck, yes," she moaned. "You're right. It feels good." 

I slipped in further. She moaned again and spread her legs a bit more allowing me deeper access. I pushed as far in as I could and held for a moment. 

"Oh my god, FUCK, YES!" she exclaimed. "Finger fuck my ass, Nick. Slowly. Let me get used to it." 

I pulled my finger out to the tip and slowly pushed it back in as far as I could. 

"Faster," she urged. 

I pulled out and back in faster and kept going until she started humping my leg, rubbing her clit up and down my thigh. She started stroking my cock again and soon we were both dry humping each other as I finger fucked her ass and she continued her hand job. 

On one of my out strokes, I positioned my ring finger with my middle finger and pushed them both up into her ass. 

"Whoa! FUCK!" she cried. "YES! Finger fuck my ass. God that feels good." 

We continued our hand fuck of each other for a few minutes. I moved away from her a few inches and used my other hand to rub her clit and slide fingers into her cunt. She was now standing sideways to me bracing against the wall with both hands. I was sliding my cock up and down her thigh as I continued pounding her ass with two fingers and fucking her cunt with my other hand. 

"You're so fuckin hot, Jeanie. I would love to shove my cock in your ass and fuck you silly." 

"OOooooh god, Nick. I've always wanted to try anal sex but Rob has never been interested. He thinks it's dirty." 

"Well, technically, it probably is," I replied. "But I'll ass fuck you right now if you want it." 

She slid up and down on my fingers a few more times and moaned. 

"Rob may not like it but fuck it," she said. She turned her head, looked me in the eyes, and said, "Fuck my ass, Nick. Just go slow. That cock of yours is much bigger than your fingers. I may not be able to handle it." My cock grew to a new level of hardness when she finished her sentence. "See what I mean?"

"I'll be slow and gentle," I assured her. 

I pulled my fingers out and moved behind her. She stuck her ass out invitingly. I rubbed a little more soap on my cock and moved the tip of the head against her pucker. I rubbed against her sphincter and forward against her pussy lips and clit a few times.

"You're such a fuckin tease," she moaned. 

I again positioned the tip of my cock against her small opening. I started to push when I felt her tense up. 

"Hey," I said, "you've got to stay relaxed like before or this won't go well." 

"I'm nervous. God, your cock ... it's a different game than your fingers."

"I know. That's why it's more important for you to be relaxed," I said. "I don't want to hurt you."

"Okay," she said and took a deep breath. "Okay. Push it in, baby." 

I felt her relax and slowly started pushing again. I felt my head begin to part her tight hole. 

"This is the hard part," I told her. "There's a ring I need to get my head past. Once there, I'll stop and let you adjust. You ready?"

"Yes," she moaned. "Push it in. Fuck, push it in."

I continued and watched as the head of my cock slowly disappeared into her waiting asshole. Suddenly, as if it were made to be there, my head popped through the ring and stopped. 

"OW! FUCK!," she growled. "FUCK, THAT HURTS! STOP!" 

I held my spot as I felt her sphincter contract around my head. The pressure was tight and amazing. It was also painful for me. 

"My god, Nick. Don't push. Fuck, it feels good but also feels like you're ripping me apart." 

"I'm not going anywhere, Jeanie," I reassured her. "Focus again on relaxing." 

"Fuck, I'm trying but, holy shit, that's a fat cock in there." 

As I stood there, I began rubbing her back and shoulders. I reached around and softly grazed my fingertips across her nipples. She shivered and moaned. Each passing moment I felt the contractions on my cock decrease in pressure. I continued rubbing her back, shoulders, and breasts until she was as relaxed as she was going to get.

"Okay. Push. SLOWLY!" she commanded. 

I reached down and held her hips as I began slowly pushing my cock into her ass. 

"Oh! FUCK! YES! SLOW! SLOW! FUUUUUCK! YES!"

I had been watching her face to look for clues I was hurting her. She showed no sign of pain as she continued coaxing me to push deeper into her ass. I looked down and was surprised to see I was more than halfway in. I stopped. 

"FUCK! What? Keep going! It feels so good." 

I started to pull back and withdrew until I could see the outline of my cock head in her sphincter. I then pushed back in a bit faster. 

"OH FUCK, YES! GOD DAMN IT! FUUUUCK, YES!" she moaned. "PUSH IT IN, NICK! KEEP PUSHING!" 

When I reached the point I had gotten to already, I pulled back out again. 

"GOD DAMN IT NICK! PUSH IT FURTHER IN! STOP BACKING OUT" 

"Patience, my lady," I whispered in her ear. "You'll get as much as you want."

When I could see the outline of my head, I again started forward. This time, I moved a lot faster and didn't stop until my balls pushed against her cunt. 

"OH FUCK!" she screamed and tried to pull away. "TOO DEEP!" she yelled and tried to move forward. 

I followed her and wouldn't let her slide me out. I now had her body pushed fully against the shower wall as she squirmed trying to push my cock out. I held my ground until she realized she had no power to resist. 

"Hold on, babe," I said. "Let your ass adjust." I was trying to reassure her but what the fuck did I know. I hadn't ever had my cock in anyone's ass before. Soon, Jeanie was relaxed and not working to push me away. 

"Ready for a good ass-fuckin?" I asked. 

"I think so. Give me all you got, big boy," she answered. 

I stepped back a bit and pulled her with me. I then withdrew to the tip then pushed back in balls deep. 

"OH GOD! FUCK, YES! FUCK MY ASS, NICK! DON'T STOP!" she cried. 

I began a slow and steady motion and soon she was rocking back into my strokes. At one point, I stopped moving and let her control the depth and length of each stroke. She began moving faster and faster. She moved a hand down and began rubbing her clit. She suddenly tensed up, let out a muffled scream, pulled herself forward quickly dislodging my cock from her ass. I felt the warm flow of her cum as I realized she was squirting. I looked down to see a steady stream of her cum literally shooting from her cunt. It sprayed at my feet for 10-15 seconds as she jilled her cunt and clit. 

When she stopped squirting, she reached back, grabbed my cock and shoved it back in her ass. 

"FUCK ME HARD, NICK. SLAM YOUR BEAUTIFUL COCK IN MY ASS!" 

I was more than happy to oblige. I fucked her ass. I fucked her ass hard. My balls slapped against her cunt and her fingers as she finger-fucked herself. I held her hips and pushed and pulled her against my crotch. Her tight ass was doing wonders on my rock-hard cock and soon I felt my balls tighten signaling my impending orgasm. 

Twice more, she pulled away from my cock and shot her pussy cream all over her legs and mine. Each time she waited until the squirting stopped, grabbed my cock and shoved it back in her ass. She was on fire. 

"Jeanie, I'm gonna cum," I sputtered out. "You want my cum in your ass?" 

"FUCK, YES. FILL MY ASS WITH YOUR CUM, NICK!" 

I began pounding her harder. She continued her verbal assault on my senses. 

"YES! FUCK MY ASS! CUM IN MY ASS! GOD, I'VE NEVER FELT THIS BEFORE! FUCK MY ASS, NICK!"

I felt my balls spasm and I was soon shooting my cum into her ass as I pushed all the way in and held on for dear life. As the spasms began to subside, I slid in and out a bit just to let her ass grip my cock and milk out as much cum as possible. I then laid my body over hers and rested for a moment. 

"Fuck, Jeanie. That was amazing," I said between gasps of air. "Heather hasn't ever let me fuck her ass. I've tried a few times. Almost had my head up to the ring but she stopped me and wouldn't let me go further." 

"I can understand why," she said. "That's not a small cock and it was very painful until I fully relaxed." 

I stood up straight and let my withering cock slide out of her ass. I turned her around to face me, held her face in my hands, and gave her a passionate kiss. While I was kissing her, her ass was farting out my cum. I reached around her and put my fingers over her asshole as I felt her pushing my cum out. 

"That's fuckin sexy," I said. 

"Seems kinda gross," she replied. 

"A little, I guess, but just think of it like you do pussy farts." 

"Mmmm, yeah, okay. I love pussy farts after a good fuckin," she smiled. 

We grabbed the soap and enjoyed cleaning each other up. When we were done, we stepped out, dried each other off, then went to the bed to lie down and allow our bodies to recover. Still naked, Jeanie slipped under my arm and threw her leg over my torso. We cuddled for a bit as we caressed and gave each other little kisses. Jeanie was softly playing with my chest hairs and soon I drifted off to sleep. 

*******

Feeling the bed moving, I woke up hearing moaning. I found Heather on top of Jeanie in a 69 right next to me. Heather was stroking my half-hardened cock and noticed I moved. "You ever gonna wake up today, sleepy head?" she asked before turning her tongue back to Jeanie's snatch. 

"I was awake once but somebody sent this sexy bitch over and she wore me out," I said as I slapped Jeanie's ass. Jeanie squealed and laughed. "Fuck, I love watching you two," I added. 

"Not as much as we love eating each other," Heather said. 

"I'm sure," I replied. 

"Got anything left in that thing?" Heather asked. "I've been wet all day wanting to fuck you." 

"I think I have a little left in my tank." 

"Well, good. I want you to fuck me while you tell me what you and Jeanie did that has her hair all wet and messed up." 

My thoughts drifted back to Jeanie's tight back door and my cock was suddenly hard as a rock again. 

"Oh, that good, eh?" Heather smiled. 

"Oh, God, Heather," Jeanie started. "You have no clue. God damn, it was fuckin amazing." 

"Really? I can't wait to hear," she replied. "Well, get up here behind me and fuck me while I eat Jeanie and you can tell me about it." 

I peeled the mattress off my back for the second time of the day, moved around behind my lovely wife's ass, and positioned myself to push into her beautiful cunt. I placed the head at her opening and held it there. 
