 As I wrapped up the spring term of my freshman year at college I found myself dreading the idea of spending the summer living back home with my parents. I had gotten very used to living my college lifestyle, one that was very different from the conservative straight-laced upbringing my parents had given me. I knew I would chafe under their rules at home and that I faced a summer of raised eyebrows and confrontation about my coming and going. Eventually I approached one of my favorite professors who had taken me under his wing. To my delight, he offered me a job doing some pretty menial work in his lab all summer. The pay was pretty reasonable, enough to support me in a shared apartment with just enough money left for Ramen noodles and the occasional binge on cheap wine.

I called my parents and talked up my beaker washing position as an incredible opportunity to directly work with my professor on important academic work. They were disappointed I wouldn't be home all summer, but they agreed that I could hardly pass up such a position. Then I negotiated the tricky situation of my summer housing question. The whole concept of staying at school all summer was last minute, and thus so were my housing plans. Casting around my circle of friends I had lucked into an opening with my friend Susan. She was sharing a place with two friends and they were in need of a fourth (me!) to split the rent. I related all of this to my protective father, and I sealed the deal by simply changing Susan's two friends that we were living with from 'Ben and David' to 'Barb and Denise'. I felt a lot guiltier lying about the importance of my job than I did lying about rooming with a couple of boys. 

I had met Susan in my dorm the day I moved in the previous fall. She is a pretty blond girl with a great sense of humor and a love of adventure. The day I moved in she had hardly waited for my parents to reach the stairs of the dorm before she dragged me out to hit a series of off-campus welcome week parties. During the term I met David and Ben through Susan. David was tall with dark hair and glasses. He often seemed too serious, until you got him out with friends where he could really loosen up. Ben was more of a joker. He'd been a wrestler in high school and was very fit.

That summer turned out to be fabulous. I spent my days at the lab washing up, monitoring equipment and restocking the basic materials. The grad students were friendly enough and I could often engage them in all kinds of conversations about the foreign lands they came from and the funny rumors they all knew about the professors in the department. My evenings were always free and Susan, David, Ben and I would often spend the nights in long winded bull sessions sitting on a dilapidated sofa on our balcony drinking cheap wine.

One Friday the professor and the grads were off to a conference. I got my work done early, and with nobody to say otherwise I decided to split early. I let myself in to the apartment to find Ben and David sitting on the couch watching a porno. David jumped up at my entrance and was going to turn it off when I waved him to a stop. "Don't bother on my account" I told him as I grabbed the apple wine bottle from him and sat down on the beanbag chair. The truth is, I had never watched a porno before and I was curious. Ben and David were both a little red faced, but accepted me joining them.

At this time, I'd had sex with a total of four guys, the last three all at the same time (that's another story entirely). The guy in the porno had the biggest cock I had ever seen. He was proceeding through a series of sexual positions with a leggy blond as though they were going to be scored based on how many positions they could do in ten minutes. The frenetic pace of changing positions was distracting, but watching his huge cock pounding into the blond's pussy relentlessly was getting me aroused. Suddenly he pulled out of her and she knelt before him with her mouth open and tongue sticking out. He started jacking his cock in front of her face. This was interesting. The guy suddenly came, splashing semen across her face and then draining it directly in her mouth. She licked up what she could before she cleaned him off and looked appreciative. I've always had an obsession with semen, but having a guy cum on my face had never occurred to me. It was erotic. I looked sideways at Ben and David. "Is that common, for him to cum on her face?" I asked them. 

David looked at me like I was from another planet. "It is in a porno." He told me. This sparked an interesting conversation and I learned that about the concept of the money shot. "That is kind of erotic." I mused. I caught Ben and David to looking at each other with raised eyebrows. "What?" I asked. Ben explained to me that most girls do not like for men to cum on their faces. "Maybe that's just applies to the girls you've dated." I told him. David joined Ben in shaking his head and they both laughed. My face suddenly felt hot and I turned back to the TV to hide my embarrassment.

I had lost the thread of the storyline I guess, but two girls were suddenly making out and peeling off their clothes. Before long they were in a 69, lapping away at each other's pussies. I asked Ben and David if they like watching two girls go at it, which they both did. Then I asked them if they like to watch two guys, and they both made a face. "God no!" exclaimed Ben. By now another hugely endowed guy had joined the two girls on the screen and was fucking the one on top doggy style as his equally huge nuts bounced off the forehead of the girl on the bottom. I swigged the wine and started an argument with the boys. Both Ben and David were in strict agreement that most men like to watch two girls, but straight men do not want to see two guys. I didn't buy it. I voiced my opinion that most guys say that they hate watching two guys because they are under so much pressure to not appear 'gay' in any way. We had the makings of an interesting sociology discussion when Susan joined the conversation as she walked in from the balcony.

"Girl on girl is much hotter. And girls are much more likely to try it". She opined. I was outnumbered three to one. Susan and I argued the case for a little while as the guys tried to subtly shift their hard-ons in their pants. 

"So have you had sex with a girl?" I finally asked her. 

"No" she replied. 

"Oh, but you would?" I asked. 

"Yes.....I think I would" Susan said. Then quite suddenly she kissed me right there in front of David and Ben. At first I was shocked. The moment hung in a balance. I could have pushed Susan back and laughed, and we all would have passed it off as Susan making a joke. Instead I let her kiss me and I realized that Susan was serious. She wanted to try this. I was more than a little surprised to find that I wanted to try it too.

Susan unsnapped my pants and eased them off my hips. She lowered me to the sofa and started to pull my panties down my legs. This was unreal. I glanced up to see Ben and David both staring at me with their eyes practically bugging out of their heads. I had a sudden flash of embarrassment again and I was going to put a stop to this crazy scene. Then Susan ran her tongue up the left side of my pussy, tracing the outer lip. I was extremely aroused and I moaned just a little at her touch. Then I closed my eyes and just let it happen. Susan spent some time licking all around my pussy which made me hotter and hotter. Finally she touched my clit with the tip of her tongue. She started to lick my clit steadily, bringing me towards orgasm.

After a few more moments, Susan moaned with her lips pressed to my pussy. It felt better than anything, and I opened my eyes for a moment. Ben and David had knelt behind Susan, pulled off her pants and started to finger her pussy as she licked mine. Susan kept on moaning as she was licking me, which was a totally new feeling for me. I loved it. She placed a fingertip into the opening of my vagina and teased me by rubbing it all around just inside me. Finally just as I thought I couldn't stand it she slid two fingers completely into me. I groaned with the pleasure of finally being penetrated. 

I opened my eyes again. Ben had now shed his pants and was fucking Susan from behind. His tanned hands looked starkly dark as they grasped her lily-white hips. The scene was so hot and I was so aroused I knew I was going to cum in a few moments. Ben pulled Susan against him and I knew he was cumming inside her hot pussy. That did it for me, and I simply said "I'm cumming......I'm cumming on your lips" as my vagina grasped Susan's fingers tightly and I came.

As my orgasm ended, I could feel how my pussy was wet all over with my juices while my lips were swollen with my arousal. I really wanted to get fucked. I pulled Susan up from my cunt. "Switch with me" I whispered to her. Susan sat back on the sofa and spread her legs. I knelt before her and brought my face to her pussy. She was hot to the touch and wet, with a small trail of Ben's semen clinging to her inner lips. I licked the cum off of her, tasting the salty tang of semen mixed with a more subtle flavor of pussy. 

David was just standing there with his cock in his hand. I needed to be penetrated. "Fuck me David" I told him as I started to lick Susan steadily. I felt David kneel and then the hard knob of his cock slip between my lips. He slid forward and his entire length entered me in one plunge. God, it felt so good at that moment I wanted to scream. I started moaning steadily as I tongued Susan. 

I stopped briefly to look at the cunt I was licking. Thick semen had run from Susan's vagina and was pooling on her perineum. I licked that up and again savored the taste of cum mixed with pussy. Then I stuck my tongue right into her hole and tried to suck the rest of the semen out of her. That drove Susan wild, so I slid two fingers into her and started to lick her clit again. I had never touched a pussy other than my own, and the feel from my own twat always distracted me from the feel on my fingers. Touching Susan, I was amazed at how incredibly smooth and wet the flesh between her inner lips felt.

Moments later she came hard against my lips. Her vagina gripped my fingers with surprising strength as she panted and whimpered. No wonder men worked so hard to get their cocks into us. 

I stopped licking Susan and concentrated on David's cock inside me. He was holding my hips and steadily thrusting into me. I leaned on Susan's naked body with my left hand and touched myself with my right. I felt David's nice thick cock entering me with my fingers for a moment before I brought them to my clit. It only took me a minute to reach another strong orgasm. I felt David pull his cock out of me. I didn't think he had cum, so I was momentarily confused. 

David helped me into an upright kneeling position on the floor. Then he stood very close to me and started to jack his cock with his hand. Suddenly I knew what David wanted, and I wanted it too. I licked my lips in nervous anticipation as David moaned slightly, getting close. I opened my mouth as David started a massive orgasm. Semen splashed across my face with his first powerful jet. His cock then proceeded to throb in his hand, spewing thick gobs of semen onto my lips that I greedily licked up. The last couple of pulses were weaker, leaving a large wad of cum clinging to the tip of his cock. I licked it off with relish and swallowed it. 

I looked to my side to find Susan staring at me with rapt attention. "God, that was totally hot!" she exclaimed. David nodded his agreement "I never thought of a facial being erotic." She mused. 

I grinned at her. "It's all in how you think of it I suppose." Susan bent forward and gave me a kiss. Then she licked the last of David's semen from my face. It turned out to that the second half of the summer with my roommates was even more fabulous than the first.