 Introducing Diane and Matt, a married couple open to sexual experiences with other single and married men and women. Matt chooses the prey. Diane springs the trap and seduces. The seduction is well orchestrated and sensual leaving the prey ready for any sexual encounter Diane and Matt have ready. 

Part 1 - The Prey

Diane jumped up practically spilling the drinks on the table in her enthusiasm. She grabbed Matt by the wrist and yanked him to his feet. She quickly dragged him to the dance floor. Matt followed close behind with a smile. He loved dancing with his wife. He loved how her body flowed to the music. He loved her body. He also knew something good was about to happen. 

Diane hit the dance floor but the dance began at the table. Dancing was simply a formality ... and the dance floor her hunting ground. As soon as she made up her mind, the dance was flowing in and out of her. Her body was shaking and beating to the music as she led Matt. He admired her firm ass shaking to the beat as he followed her. 

As soon as her feet hit the floor, she twirled around and threw her arms around Matt's shoulders. She pulled him close and gave him a long, passionate, tongue-filled kiss as her long fingers snaked through his hair and pulled him so close he thought he'd come out the other side. Matt sucked her kiss and returned it with the same passion. His hands dug into her swaying ass and helped her gyrate her crotch harder into his. 

His erection was not lost on Diane. As she kissed him, she continued humping at his cock, eager to inflame his desires. Her pussy was wet with excitement. A small wet spot appeared in the crotch of her panties. She was ready to dance the dance of love. 

She broke the kiss and pulled Matt's head to the side. Her tongue darted out and did a wispy run the length of his ear from lobe to top. Matt's senses were firing on all cylinders. Diane knew his ears are very sensitive and felt him tense. Goosebumps formed all over his body. 

"Which one?" she whispered in his ear, loud enough to be heard over the music but only for Matt to hear. 

Matt's body shuddered and goosebumps formed on his goosebumps. 

"The brunette on my right, your left," he replied. 

Diane knew better than to look. She took the lead and turned their bodies so she could see the lady Matt chose. Her eyes darted in the direction he pointed out. 

"Blue dress?" she asked. "Nice choice." 

"Nope."

"Oh? Hmmm, red dress and spikes?" 

Matt quickly turned and found her. 

"Oooh, damn, I didn't see her, but she would be good too.," he replied. 

"Oh, I see her," Diane said. "Earthy, long hair, not too showy, sexy body, perfect breasts." 

"You found her." 

"Typical," she said. "You always pick the conservative ones. Trying to make my job difficult are you?" 

"Life's hard, sexy." 

"I got this," she said with confidence and led Matt dancing toward the "earthy" babe. 

The hunt was on. 

Part 2 - The Hunt

The music was pounding. The sexual electricity was buzzing. Diane and Matt danced their carnal tango as sweat ran down their faces. Diane was not, however, paying a lot of attention to Matt. Her sights were focused on the "earthy" woman Matt had chosen. 

She seemed to be on the dance floor by herself, which wasn't too strange. Her husband or boyfriend was probably sitting at the table checking out the other sexy women or simply bored and wanting to get somewhere quiet with his lady. 

She knew how to move her body. Every time she raised her arms above her head, her breasts clung to the flimsy material outlining her perfect, braless breasts. When she twirled, Diane and Matt could catch glimpses of her ass. They couldn't determine if she was wearing a thong or, even better, commando. Matt knew he wanted his face between her legs and hers between Diane's. But he had no control. 

It was Diane's job to seduce her. It was Diane's job to get this gorgeous woman to abandon her date and come home with Matt and her. Matt could only watch in extreme arousal and fascination as Diane unbundled her raw sexuality on this unsuspecting woman.  

Diane made her move. She twirled around and came face to face with her prey. The hunt was on. 

"Oh, haha, sorry. Hi," Diane yelled over the music with a smile while continuing her dance. 

The woman, shocked at the close and sudden proximity, pulled her face away. "Oh my, Hi," she said. "The music really takes over one's body, doesn't it?" 

"Mmmm, yes it does. I love shaking my 'groove thang' all over the floor," Diane replied. "How about you?" 

"I can't get enough," she said. 

"I'm sorry, I'm being rude. I'm Diane," she said and put out a hand to shake. 

"Mary," she responded, and the game was on. 

"Who you dancing with, Mary?" Diane asked. 

"Well, it's supposed to be my boyfriend but he's being boring tonight," Mary said. "How about you? You alone too?"

"Nope. My man is right here," she said pointing at Matt. He smiled and waved. "He's not boring. He's quite the sexy dancer." 

"Yes, he is," Mary smiled. "I wish Steve weren't such a stick in the mud." 

"Well, you can dance with us," Diane offered. "Then you won't have to feel so alone." 

"Perfect," she said and turned to face them both. 

"Matt," Diane started, "this is Mary. Mary, this is Matt." 

He reached out, took her hand and bowed down to give it a light kiss. Mary blushed a little and smiled. 

"Mary is here with a stick in the mud named Steve. He doesn't want to dance and have fun," Diane explained. 

"His loss," Matt countered as he smiled at Mary. 

"Mary says she can't keep from dancing. She says the music takes her body over.," Diane said. 

"And you've got a wonderful body to take over," Matt replied making Mary blush a little. 

"Well, thanks," she blushed. "Steve loves it. I just wish he'd learn to use it on the dance floor," Mary said. 

"Better for us," Diane replied. 

The trap was set. 

Part 3 - The Seduction

Several songs had played. Diane knew how to seduce and Mary was not immune. Several times she danced up to Mary and ground her hips into her, then leaned forward and rubbed her tits against hers. Mary was clearly enjoying the attention but kept looking at Matt as if she was either asking for permission or maybe wasn't into girls. 

One song ended and another started up. Diane needed a break. Frankly, so did Matt. Mary was looking a little ruffled as well. Diane invited her to come get a drink at their table. Mary turned to look in the direction of her table with Steve, turned back to Diane with a worried look on her face and said, "I don't know. I should probably get back to Steve." 

"Nonsense," Diane protested. "If he wanted to be with you, he would have come to find you." 

The look on Mary's face was heartbreaking. She knew Steve was not her type but an investment is made in every relationship. It's hard to let it go even when one knows it needs to happen. 

"Come on. We're more fun than Steve and he's probably found someone else as boring as him," Diane urged. 

She again looked toward Steve, turned back to Diane with a frustrated but determined look. "Yeah, I think you're right. His loss." 

"THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!" Diane blurted as she grabbed her arm and started leading her toward the table. 

Back at the table, Matt was largely ignored as Diane and Mary talked and got to know each other. Diane ordered drinks for all and the alcohol flowed freely. With each drink, Diane became more emboldened with Mary. After the carnal dancing on the floor, Mary didn't seem to mind Diane's forwardness as she touched her legs under the table. Then Diane was touching her hands, and arms. Then up to her shoulders. With each move, she would slide her chair a little closer until they were sitting with their knees almost in each other's crotch. 

Matt simply smiled when needed, said very little, but enjoyed watching his wife seduce this pretty lady. Mary was matching the friendly gestures as well. 

Diane looked over at Matt, gave him a sly smile letting him know she was going in for the kill. Matt winked at her. 

Diane and Mary were sitting so close their heads were only a few inches apart. Diane suddenly reached behind Mary's head, pulled her close, and whispered in her ear. Mary's eyes became big, her lips turned up into a big smile as she looked at Matt, then looked down at his crotch. Suddenly, her eyes closed, her head tilted back, her mouth gaped opened, and a moan escaped her lips. Diane did her "wispy lick' on Mary's ear. Matt looked at Mary's arms. Sure enough, goosebumps. 

Diane's hand moved from the back of Mary's head to her chin as she pulled back and stared directly into Mary's eyes for several seconds. Suddenly without losing eye contact, Mary moved forward and kissed Diane softly. Matt's cock jumped. The kiss was very short and sensuous. Mary pulled back, maintaining eye contact, then moved again. This time, the kiss was long and open mouthed as Mary and Diane shared their fluids. 

As they kissed, Diane slid her hand down Mary's neck, to her chest, across her breast, to her hand. She took Mary's hand in hers and guided it to Matt's growing cock. Mary grabbed Matt's member and started rubbing it through his pants. Matt sat back and enjoyed the show and the grab. 

When the kiss ended, Mary's hand remained in Matt's lap as Diane reached behind her head and pulled her close again. Mary's eyes again closed, her head tilted back, and her mouth gaped open. She grabbed Matt's cock a little harder as goosebumps again appeared on her arm. She nodded her head, opened her eyes, looked at Matt and said, "Please take me home with you." 

Part 4 - The Rules

Matt unlocked the door and the three new friends stumbled into the house. His cock was hard as a rock. From the driveway to the door, he walked with his arms around the two ladies as they played with his manhood. 

During the drive home, Diane and Mary sat in the back seat and became more friendly. As Matt drove, he watched in the mirror while listening to the sounds of lust behind him. Diane was kissing and fondling Mary the entire ride. Of course, Mary was returning all the favors. Their moans had Matt hard as a rock and stroking himself through his pants all the way home. 

Once inside, he closed the door and locked it. 

"Ladies," he announced, "if you would please retire to the den, I will get us some drinks." 

"Perfect," Mary said. 

Diane took Mary by the hand and led her to the den. It was a large room with a large sectional sofa. Diane led Mary to the sofa and they plopped down next to each other. 

"So, Mary, have you ever done anything like this before?" Diane asked as she ran a finger over her cheek. 

"No, I haven't," she replied, "but I'm looking forward to whatever may happen, though." 

"Oh, really," Diane said as she slowly moved in and kissed Mary softly on the lips. "What if Matt simply goes to bed and leaves us to make love all night?" 

"Well, I would be disappointed to have played with that cock and not get to see it or play with it more, but you, Diane, are amazingly beautiful and sexy. I've never been with another woman before but I could make love to you with no disappointment." 

"Well," Diane continued as she laid soft kisses on Mary's neck, "what if I were to go to bed and leave you with Matt?" 

"Same thing. I want you. You're sexy and gorgeous. But I'll take Matt's sexy body and cock all night too." 

"You have an answer for everything, don'tcha?" 

"I hope so." She answered and pulled Diane in closer for a soft kiss. 

"So what about this," Diane continued the sexy interrogation while still applying soft kisses to Mary's neck, "What if we both stay, strip your clothes off you, ravage your body, suck your tits, lick your pussy, and fuck the hell outta you?" 

"That sounds the best," Mary smiled as she reached behind Diane's back and began sliding the zipper of her dress down her back. 

"Slow down girl," Diane scolded, still softly kissing Mary's neck and cheeks. "You're not here for me." 

Mary stopped. Confused, she asked, "What do you mean?"

"Matt chose you," Diane replied. "He chooses."

"Matt chose me?" Mary asked, more confused. "But you've been all over me. All night. He's simply been watching." 

"That's our game, sweetie. When it's Matt's turn for some sexy fun, my job is to seduce the woman of his choice and get her ready for him." 

"Oh, really?" Mary quizzed. "You two do this often?" 

Matt entered with three glasses of wine. 

"Thanks, babe," Diane said as she took her glass. 

"Thanks, Matt," Mary smiled. "You're so sweet."

Diane sat her glass on the table and returned her attention to Mary. 

"We do this about once a month, give or take. Whenever we're in the mood. Sometimes we go for singles and sometimes for couples. Matt's a bit awkward about the seduction so it's usually my job to prepare our ... target." 

Matt took a seat beside Mary. She was facing Diane as Diane continued her lip exploration of Mary's neck and face. Mary let out a soft moan, sipped her wine, and leaned back into Matt's chest. 

Matt reached up and cupped Mary's right breast. Her blouse was silk and sheer. He felt her nipple stiffen as he lightly passed his fingers over it. Mary moaned her approval and reached down to grope Matt's hard cock. She moaned again feeling its girth. 

"You two are making me so wet," she moaned. 

"Relax and enjoy it," Matt replied and moved in kissing the back of her neck as he softly caressed her breast. Diane continued kissing her neck and face and was lightly groping at Mary's left breast. 

Diane pulled Mary's mouth to hers, gave her a long, wet, passionate kiss, then suddenly broke away. She stood and moved to the love seat opposite the sofa. 

"What? Where're you going?" Mary asked. 

"As I said, this is Matt's night. He chose you. He decides," Diane answered. "I get to watch, and if I'm lucky, Matt will let me join in. One other rule. If you ask about me joining again, I have to leave and you won't see me again. If you want me to join, you must only communicate it with your desire, non-verbally to Matt. He, and he alone, can beckon me to join." 

"That's not fair," Mary protested. "I want to make love to you too." 

"That's your one warning," Matt said. "Next comment like that, and she's gone," he said softly but sternly.

Part 5 - The Unwrapping

Mary sighed her frustration but gave in to their wishes. She was still leaning into Matt's chest as he was fondling her breast and kissing the back of her neck. 

"Matt, honey, I've been dying to see her breasts all night, Diane said. "Would you kindly remove her blouse for me?" 

Matt slowly pushed Mary forward and turned her to face him. Mary started to say something to Diane but caught herself as Matt gave her a 'don't say it' look. Mary swallowed hard then turned her gaze on Diane. Matt slowly started undoing the buttons on Mary's blouse. The buttons were only separated by an inch and Matt took his time. Each button revealed a bit more of Mary's chest. Mary sat quietly, eyes fixed on Diane, mouth gaping open, and placed her hands lightly on Matt's. When Matt finished the last button, he realized there were two additional buttons on her sleeves. He left the blouse in place, separated enough to see Mary's glorious breasts but her nipples remained concealed. 

When the sleeves were unfastened, Matt reached up to Mary's shoulders and began slowly pushing the silky smooth fabric over her shoulders. Mary didn't flinch as the silky blouse glided over her shoulders, tickled her nipples, and fell on the couch exposing her upper body to Matt and Diane. 

"My god, Matt, she's a goddess," Diane said still holding eye contact with Mary. Mary blushed and momentarily lowered her gaze. 

Goddess was a great description for Mary. Her brunette hair was wavy and long, cascading over her shoulders and covering the rise of her breasts. Her breasts were perfect in size and shape with small, nickel sized areolas, and small pointy nipples. 

Matt remained silent. He lightly placed both hands on Mary's breasts and slowly caressed them. Mary's breathing increased as Matt attended to her breasts. She returned her gaze to Diane. Diane, in turn, leaned back in the love seat, spread her legs, and began rubbing her pussy through her damp panties. Mary felt her own juices stir and let out an audible gasp. 

"Mary, stand up," Diane instructed. Matt helped her up. 

"Matt. Shoes." 

Matt reached up to Mary's breasts, fondled them for a moment, then slowly started down her body, passing her waist, down her smooth legs, to her feet, and slowly removed each of Mary's shoes. 

Mary stood in silence, eyes fixed on Diane, watching her rub her pussy through her wet panties. 

"Skirt." 

Matt, still caressing Mary's feet, turned her to face away from him and slowly started up her right leg with a hand on the outside and one on the inside, moving up her calf, to her knee, up her thigh, under her dress, but stopped short of her love nest. Mary gasped when he stopped just short of her hot zone. His hands slipped out from under her dress, moved to both hips, and turned her to the side. He found the zipper and slowly slid it down. 

"Mary, Matt and I were watching closely tonight as you were dancing. We saw your ass cheeks several times as you were twirling about. We never caught sight of your panties. We've wondered all night; Thong? Or Commando?" 

Careful not to break the rules, Mary turned to Matt and said in a sexy, soft voice, "I guess you're about to find out." As soon as she finished her sentence, she immediately turned her gaze back to Diane. 

Matt lifted the back of Mary's skirt and leaned in to kiss the soft skin of her ass cheek. Mary moaned her pleasure. He gave both cheeks a hearty squeeze and continued kissing her ass. 

"Matt?" 

"Yes love," 

"I'm still in the dark over here," Diane said. 

"Yes, love. What would you like me to do, sweetie?" 

"Slide her skirt off so I can determine her undies," Diane answered. 

"Yes, love." 

Matt reached up to the waist of Mary's skirt and started to slowly peel it over her ass. Mary hooked her thumbs in the front and helped guide it over her hips. 

As the skirt cleared her loins, a very small pair of white lacy panties were revealed covering her pubic mound. The skirt hit the floor and Matt helped Mary step out of it. 

"Very sexy, Mary," Diane stated. "Turn around for me." 

Mary slowly started to turn. Matt's hands found their way back to her hips. He caressed her as she turned her ass to Diane. 

When she turned, Diane learned what Matt already knew. The fabric of her panties was only visible from the top of her ass crack up. Mary was wearing one the smallest thongs Matt and Diane had ever seen. 

"Did I say goddess, Matt?" Diane said. 

"Yes you did, my love." 

"Was I correct?" 

"Yes, you were." 

"Spread your legs, Mary," Diane instructed. 

Mary's gaze was boring holes through Diane's eyes as she did what she was instructed. 

"Matt, how wet is she?"

Matt slowly moved a hand from Mary's hip and slid it between Mary's thighs. He rubbed her panty covered pussy lightly, then pushed underneath to insert his finger just a bit into Mary's opening. Mary closed her eyes and moaned as Matt touched her in her sensitive spot. 

Matt pulled his finger away and reached out to Diane with the evidence. Diane could see the cum glistening on Matt's finger. Diane leaned forward for a closer look and noticed Mary's inner thighs were glistening as well. 

"You're leaking, girl," Diane said with a sly smile. 

Mary could only moan. Her loins were on fire. 

"Matt, remove her thong," Diane instructed. 

"Yes, love." 

Mary shifted her legs back together as Matt slowly began sliding her thong past her ass and pussy and down her legs. When they hit the floor, Matt helped her step out of them. Matt, again, followed the path up her legs returning his hands to her hips. He turned her back to face him. 
