 "Aha! I see you found the old tank top," Dave said, hugging Summer from behind as she stood at the kitchen counter chopping potatoes.

Wrapping her arms around his, Summer smiled. "Did you think there was any chance I wouldn't? I'd already found it way before you left your phone message."

"Well, I was right, you do look absolutely amazing in it."

"Thank you, sweetie. I'm glad you like it on me. It's shorter than that little nightshirt you love so much, which at least sort of covers my bottom. I never need to wear panties with that one. Since I've been here, though, this one's become my favorite. If you want, I'll wear it all the time around the house."

"Only around the house? That sounds like you're planning on cheating me out of seeing you in it when we go other places."

"I'll wear it anywhere you want. That is, as long as you don't mind other people seeing the way it barely covers me, or the way I totally show through even where it does cover me," she said, smiling sexily.

The morning sun was shining in her long hair, and all her men were with her again. Snuggling in Dave's arms, she felt wonderfully warm and happy.

"Not at all," he grinned. "I like to consider myself a generous man. Besides, the benefits far outweigh any potential downsides."

"Oh, and what would those potential downsides be?" she asked coyly, giving her shoulders an extra shake as she resumed her chopping. Smiling to herself, she could feel him staring down her top.

"None that immediately leap to mind, come to think of it. Wait, back up. You were—" he began to say, only to be interrupted when she abruptly leaned over at the waist, pushing her ass into his crotch.

"I thought you'd never ask," she giggled, moving in delicious circles against him.

Dropping his hands to her hips, Dave held her dancing bottom against his thickening length. "Cute. Anyway, what I was about to say is that I certainly don't mean to be an Indian giver, but when you say you'll wear it all the time around the house, does this mean I am to be deprived of your beautiful nudity? I don't think I could stand it if you were to deny me our lap time, with your perfect ass writhing beneath my fingertips. I might go postal, you know."

Despite the warmth pouring through the kitchen windows, his evocative imagery sent a shiver rippling through her body.

"Can't have that, can we?" she smiled, pulling her top off. Turning to face him, she hooked it around his head before tugging him down to kiss her. "Good morning, beautiful man," she cooed, pressing her bare breasts against his hairy chest. He was wearing shorts, and all she had on were her sheer emerald green panties.

"Good morning to you, angel. Oh, and by the way, with your wild red hair and those green panties you look like a living, breathing Irish fantasy girl."

"An Irish fantasy girl, huh? Hmmm, okay, so this big, thick club pushing into me must be your shillelagh," she grinned, moving her heated pussy on his hardening cock.

"God, Summer," he said, sliding his hands inside the back of her panties.

"Mmmmmm-hmmm, you sure do know how to say 'good morning' to your kitchen help," she smiled, melting into his arms. "So am I to take it that you would prefer me without these panties, too? Slipping off this top still doesn't give you my naked bottom writhing in your hands. Your devious little mind seemed to go straight to the idea of getting me totally naked, and your wicked hands went right inside my panties, directly to my ass. Baby, if you want me naked, go ahead and slip my panties off. You know you never have to ask."

"With such a gorgeous Irish lass, that's a really tough choice. These panties look awfully cute on you, and they feel amazing. Besides, they don't hide a thing anyway. They just make you look...ummm...they're so.... Christ, I mean you're...."

He was fumbling; something Summer often made him do.

"You are so sweet, you know that?" she smiled, leaning back just to look at him.

Dave took her little tank top and held it above her head. She raised her arms, letting him slip the wispy thing back over her body. When she was semi-covered again, he lifted her by her hips, holding her high in the air. She squealed in delight as she gazed down at his joyous face, realizing that to him she felt as light as a feather.

"Did you sleep well, little one?" he asked, still smiling up at her. "You looked so beautiful in your new bed."

"After Jake and I made love, I went out like a light. I'm sorry we didn't stay longer at the club, or stay up longer once we came home. That was pretty lame of me to turn in so early, especially on our first night back together. I was just so tired."

Dave brought her back down, setting her on the kitchen counter. She spread her legs, welcoming him into her warm embrace. "What about you? Did you sleep well? How late were you guys up, anyway?" she asked, taking him by the hands.

"I don't know about Aaron and John, but I went straight to bed. I was pretty tired too. I don't like flying. I can't get comfortable, and I never sleep well in those tiny seats. Also, it was weird to be in the guestroom here, so that already made it kind of strange for me."

"I'm sorry you didn't sleep well," she said, affectionately stroking the tops of his hands with her thumbs.

"Oh, it wasn't only the crappy flight or the weirdness of being in a different bedroom. I had a lot of things on my mind, and I just couldn't get to sleep."

"Good things, I hope," she said, giving him an inviting smile.

"Yes, very good things," he answered, grinning broadly. He clasped her hands together, swallowing them up in his much larger ones.

"Anything you'd care to share? I've been told I'm an excellent listener, as long as someone doesn't distract me too much," she said, flashing her beautiful smile. She raised her eyebrows, prompting him.

When he gently stroked her thighs, her arms and legs responded with goose bumps.

"It was the effect you had on me when we first hugged in the club. As I lay in bed thinking, I realized I have never been happier in my entire life than when you came into my arms in that booth. I had missed my Summer so much, and it all hit me when there you were again, somehow even more beautiful and joyous than before, then we both began to cry. Summer, something very powerful passed from you, or through you, straight into my heart. It was like you were speaking to me, or maybe it was more that you were giving me something - something unimaginably beautiful, and it was unmistakable. Something incredible happened there, and it came from you. I'd never felt anything like it. To be honest, it overwhelmed me."

Pulling back, he studied her gorgeous eyes. "Summer, for the first time in my life, I felt that I was in the presence of God."

"But baby, you're agnostic," she said, gently chiding him with another warm smile. Her impossibly beautiful face held a sweet, loving glow.

Dave just stared at her, searching, and she could see that he was trying to understand what he was feeling.

"I'm sorry, David, I shouldn't tease you that way. Baby, I love you. Maybe what you were feeling was just how much I love you, and how overjoyed I was to be with you again. Maybe that's what passed through me, straight into you. God is many things to many people. For you, maybe God is love."

Holding her hands, he continued to study her; she returned his stare, wordlessly speaking to him.

He couldn't do it. Blanching, he blinked first, then looked down.

She touched his face. "David, what happened between us when we hugged, just listen to your heart." Gently lifting his chin, she gave him a sweet, sexy grin. "That wasn't the only thing keeping you awake last night, was it?"

Attempting to look into her eyes again, he said, "It was also what you whispered in my ear."

"You mean the thing I said right before you lurched up into me so suddenly? Mmmm, so I guess you did hear me."

Smiling, she leaned back on the counter, holding herself up with her hands. She followed his gaze down to her pussy, where they both saw her wetness spreading across the front of her sheer panties.

As he had the previous evening, Dave touched the small tuft of auburn pubic hair that was exposed above the top of her tiny panties. He gently pressed his fingertip to the front of her panties, feeling her hair there too before trailing down to her smooth slit, where he stroked from her clit to her moistening center.

"So beautiful...so beautiful," he whispered to himself.

Summer pulled her legs up onto the kitchen counter. Reaching to push the toaster and a set of kitchen knives aside, she stretched out lengthwise, lying facedown.

She was offering him his favorite sight.

"God, David, the way you look at me...do you have any idea how badly you make me want you? When you gaze at me this way, I just lose it. I swear, I want us to go completely crazy on each other. Baby, I meant what I whispered to you at the club. I want you to do it to me again...and again...and again. I can't stop thinking about it."

"So you really did mean it the way I thought you meant it?" Dave asked, worshipfully caressing the backs of her thighs before tracing the gentle slope of her ass.

"Yes, baby, I did."

"Tell me," he said, taking her bouncing bottom in both hands.

Her eyes smoldered as she answered, "No limits. Total freedom. Anything you can imagine, that will be everything I want. No uncertainty...no fear. You don't need to wonder, and you'll never need to ask first. The answer is yes. It will always be yes. I want it all, David. I want you...every bit of you."

Holding her precious ass in his hands, he asked, "Why, Summer? Why me?"

She smiled sweetly again. "Because you made me this way."

Rolling off the counter, she moved back into his arms. "And now you get to help me make breakfast," she said, her eyes sparkling.

He laughed, "Help you make breakfast? Gladly. Eight days a week. Where do I sign up?"

~ ~ ~ 

It seemed we were at an impasse. We'd finished breakfast and were all hanging out on the back porch, talking about what we should do over the next couple of days. Per usual, the guys were squabbling. John wanted us to go one place, Dave wanted to go somewhere else, and Aaron wanted no part of either choice. Summer didn't care where we went, nor did she care what we did; she was happy, regardless. I didn't really care either.

It was still at the friendly jousting stage, and I wasn't about to let it get any worse. Telling the guys we'd be right back, I took Summer by the hand and led her into the house.

"You've got a girl like that, and you're gonna be right back? Dude, you're an idiot!" John called after us, earning him a sunny grin from Summer.

Once we were inside, she flopped down on the bed and laughed, "Can you believe those guys? They're like a bunch of third-graders when you get 'em all together. God, you'd think they'd been tasked with bringing peace to the Middle East. Seriously, what difference does it make where we go? Let's just go everywhere! That way, nobody feels left out."

"Nah, it doesn't work that way with us. That's kinda why we all drifted apart a little, I suppose. John's fairly easygoing, but Aaron and Dave are two strong-willed guys who don't like to waste time, and they're both used to doing things their way. They don't often have to work around the wishes of others."

"So what do we do? I'm certainly not going to let them fight over such a silly thing," she said, sitting up.

"Neither am I. Look, I have an idea...."

Ten minutes later Summer and I returned to the back porch where we found John perched precariously atop the waist-high railing, trying to demonstrate to Dave how to surf. It was a funny enough sight on its own, but everyone completely cracked up when Summer tossed John an orange and a banana at the same time. Looking like a faltering gymnast on the balance beam, John was already struggling with staying steady on the narrow railing. As he tried to maintain his pose while also catching both pieces of fruit, he became a slow-moving windmill of waving arms...losing it...losing it...until finally he fell backwards off the railing. Landing on his back in the sand, he fell with all the grace of a drunken frat boy sleeping one off on a toilet.

Summer leaned forward to check on him, her arms folded below her breasts atop the railing. With one ankle crossed over the other and her hip cocked at a jaunty angle, her legs and ass were a sight to behold in those see-through panties.

Summer didn't even notice. She was too busy gloating.

"Smoooooth," she said, smiling down at John. "Remind me never to have you show us how to sky dive."

Laughing, John flopped down flat on the sand. "Hey, I was doing great before you distracted me! I had that bitch! I was almost all the way through! I was stylin' and everything!"

Aaron took an apple from the table and tossed it at him. Chuckling, he said, "Dude, if you wipe out that badly just from a couple pieces of fruit, I can only imagine how badly you must crash and burn when a seagull or another surfer pops up out of nowhere."

"Yeah, yeah," John said, sitting up to take a bite out of the apple. Pausing, he smiled at Summer. "Hey, wait a minute. Shouldn't you be the one eating this?"

Summer clapped for him. "Very clever! I'm impressed, especially for so early in the day. Okay, so if I'm going to give in to temptation, where is my serpent? I don't see any serpents around here."

"You're just not looking hard enough," John said. Grinning, he grabbed his cock through his shorts and comically waggled it at her before tossing her the apple.

"You've got it backwards, sweetie. A proper serpent goes out of its way to reveal itself to me, then it teases and tempts me," she said, making a big show of taking a bite out of the apple.

"Speaking of taking a bite out of the apple..." said Dave, ogling Summer's ass before grinning at Aaron.

"No doubt," he smiled. "I think you must."

A moment later Summer was shrieking with laughter after a set of chompers had clamped down on her tempting backside. Having pulled her panties up into a wedgie, Dave was going full-on Dracula on her ass, firmly biting it everywhere.

"Hey, yeah, I guess I can see where that whole 'biting the apple' thing would be awfully tempting," Aaron said, grinning wryly.

"Absolutely..." answered Dave.

A one-word answer was all he was willing to give; getting Summer's ass back in his mouth took priority over witty repartee.

"What do you think, Summer? Good apple?" Aaron teased, laughing over her wild thrashing and giggling.

"Doing okay over there, babe?" I added, also laughing at her predicament. 

Summer was laughing and twisting while swatting at Dave, yet she couldn't get away because she was blocked by the railing. Dave was holding her in place, bent at the waist over our erstwhile surfing simulator. At first he was making gnashing and chewing sounds as he attacked her beautiful bottom, but more and more he was just nipping at it and fondling it.

"I'm not sure," she said, managing to giggle it out between fits of hysterical laughter. "I've got a hungry beast biting my apple, but I still see no serpents, and my favorite panties are getting stretched all to hell."

Not wanting to ruin her panties, Dave released her wedgie. With the momentary cease-fire, Summer was able to catch her breath. Dave was still making intentionally sloppy eating sounds, moving his face and hands all over her ass as he pretended to devour her.

Summer's legs visibly relaxed, then she leaned down on her arms again, surrendering to Dave going Cookie Monster on her. She stuck her ass out, offering it up for his pleasure. "Anyway," she said, grinning as her lush bottom was being eaten, "I thought the story goes that I'm supposed to bite the apple, not be the apple, and aren't I supposed to succumb to temptation, not provide it?"

Smirking at us as Dave continued happily noshing away, she wiggled her ass back and forth.

"Summer, that perfect apple of yours is precisely what got you into trouble last night," I smiled.

Aaron laughed, "Yeah, Summer, that tempting ass almost got us arrested! Jake could've been hauled away for assault!"

Looking over her shoulder, Summer gave us a sexy grin. "I probably wouldn't have pressed charges. As a wise man once said, 'Don't you just love it when a plan comes together?' Besides, I wasn't doing anything. I was completely innocent. You saw what happened. I was attacked from behind while simply minding my own business, just like this. Okay, last night I didn't have any panties on, but I do now, don't I? So is this attack my fault too? I even got attacked from the front last night.

"Hey, come to think of it, that was the serpent, wasn't it? In fact, I'm pretty sure it was a California Kingsnake!"

She stuck her tongue out at Aaron, who laughed, "It was more like a spitting cobra, once you got hold of it!"

"Mmmm-hmmmmm," she smiled, coyly sucking on her finger. "See what happens when a good serpent does a proper job of tempting me?"

"So, okay, you're saying your panties have magical powers? As long as you have them on, you're supposed to be protected against surprise attacks from the rear?"

"Exactly."

"And yet here you are, under attack from the rear, even though you're wearing panties," I said.

"Sure, but with the magical powers of my panties, my rear is impervious to attack. It just laughs them off and sneers, 'Is that all ya got, punk?' My panties are like a highly advanced missile shield defense system."

"So, if for some reason you're ever caught with your missile shield down?" I asked, smiling with her as she enjoyed her new game.

"In strategic terms, it would mean that I'm inviting an attack, aren't I? My flanks are exposed, my borders are wide open, my key command centers are vulnerable. All my most important assets are revealed. I'm utterly defenseless. Look what happened last night. Minus my missile shield I was attacked, invaded, and quickly conquered. I was even attacked simultaneously on a second front, my northernmost front, and I was completely powerless to defend myself there, as well. It was like I was just begging to have a big missile fired right down my throat. God, did I ever blow it.

"It's not as if I'm unaware of all this, either. See, I know that if I become involved in a two-front war my defense systems will quickly overload and crash. When I take down my shield, I'm encouraging attacks from all directions. That's how important my missile shield really is!"

Standing, Aaron and I applauded her, and with a sweet laugh she bowed. Then Dave made us all die laughing when he deadpanned, "Especially your missile shield, which is obviously a highly advanced system. While most missile defense systems only defend against missile attacks, yours also seems to prevent basic field reconnaissance. I was sent in to reconnoiter the terrain, to locate and test the defensive integrity of your primary strategic assets, but your damn missile shield even guards against internal espionage!"

Everyone was still laughing when we went back into the kitchen, where Summer sat on my lap and said, "Let's tell them."

"Tell us what? Is that why you guys took off a little while ago?" asked John.

Summer grinned, "No, that had nothing to do with it. We just couldn't help ourselves. Following breakfast, we simply had to go knock out a quickie. John, of course that's what this is about, you adorable dummy! Jake wanted to discuss something with me."

She went over to John and hopped up into his lap on a tall stool at the counter. Taking his arms and wrapping them around her waist, she said, "Okay, this is what we're thinking. Though we're only going to be here for a month, Jake and I get to see each other every day. You guys are here for just the three weeks. Once everyone goes back home, c'mon, who knows how much we'll see each other? Maybe we'll never get to be together again for days at a time like this. Here and now, this moment when we're all together in such a special place, this is precious to me, and Jake and I won't let anything spoil it."
