 Sigh ... summer's over and it's back to school for my final year of university - one last year before I'm obliged to enter the real world once again.

I always lament the end of summer, but this year was special. You might call it my 'Summer of Lust 2001'; since it was the summer I met Jon and Lori.

I'm a twenty-three year old student living in Vancouver, on the west coast of Canada. I'm 5'11", 160 lbs, and have dark brown hair and brown eyes. I have fairly broad shoulders and not a lot of body hair, and though I'm not especially handsome - I'm not ugly either - I do possess one noteworthy characteristic - I have what I've been told is an extremely large penis. I developed early, and although I was the brunt of locker-room teasing and jokes in high school, I was pretty sure that once my face cleared up I would have the last laugh. Since then I've received lots of positive attention because of it, from everybody from my sister's friends to my family doctor, and I think for that reason I've become somewhat of an exhibitionist by nature. My erection is nine and three quarter inches long and seven inches around.

To any guys out there who might be reading this and wishing they were bigger, all I can say is that size has its plusses and minuses: the great part is that women are ALWAYS curious; the bad part is that if it doesn't fit, then it doesn't fit. My last girlfriend bled a little pit each time we had sex for the first few weeks until she got used to me, and even then she wished I were a bit smaller. To be completely honest, Ultimately, I don't think most really care all that much. All in all though, I can't complain.

Being somewhat of an exhibitionist, one of my favourite things to do in the summer here is head down to the secluded - and very famous to anybody who lives in Vancouver - nude beach not far from my university. It's huge, and an amazing place to hang out when it's really hot in July and August. When it's busy, there are literally hundreds of people walking around, soaking up the sun, in the nude.

This past summer, on a particularly hot and sunny Saturday in July, I arrived at the beach just before noon and grabbed a prime spot. After spreading out my towel, I stripped off my shorts and stood there for a moment while I doused myself in suntan lotion. My penis, when soft, is still a good six inches long and quite thick and fleshy. It ALWAYS feels amazing to sunbathe in the nude, but on a public beach, between the stares I receive from both men and women around me and the site of some of the women parading around without anything on either, I have to watch that I don't forget where I am. It would be easy to let the combined thrill of voyeurism and exhibitionism get the better of me - which would result in a huge erection and a quick exit from the beach! 

After coating myself in a layer of lotion, I lay back on my big towel and let the sun do its thing.

After about fifteen minutes or so, I sat up to check out the wonderful view - both natural and naturist, and watched as a couple in about their mid-thirties approached and take up a place fairly close to mine. They were both quite brown, and smiled at me as they put down their towels. They took their time, and it was several minutes before I was able to 'check them out' - albeit discreetly - from behind my sunglasses. The man was in fairly good shape but had the beginnings of a gut. I suppose he was about average in the manhood department. The woman on the other hand, was quite attractive: she was fairly petite, about 5'3", with short blond hair cut stylishly short and a very curvy figure. I'm a 'breast man' and she had an amazing set - very large, maybe double D or bigger, with large nipples. They both had all-over tans and I assumed from that that they weren't first-timers. There was also something about them that said 'money'; everything they had or had on when they arrived looked very expensive.

Soon after they were settled, I got up and walked down through the crowd to the ocean, to splash a little water on me and cool off a bit. As I made my way back to my towel, I noticed that - in addition to a pair of women who both grinned at me and said hello as I passed by - the couple that had sat next to me were checking me out pretty thoroughly. 

When I got back to my towel, we exchanged friendly hellos and they introduced themselves. Their names were Jon and Lori. We started chatting amicably, and I found out that they lived in the incredibly upscale neighbourhood of Point Grey - ALSO famous for anyone living in Vancouver.

They were really nice and asked me lots of questions about what I was studying at school, my interests, etc. They also had a jug of cold margaritas in their little cooler, and offered me a plastic cup full, which I graciously accepted.

One drink led to another, and before I knew it they were cajoling me into moving my towel right next to theirs. When I did, I made sure I afforded Lori an extra good glimpse of my vital statistic. She'd had a few drinks, too, but she seemed like she had a pretty outgoing personality to begin with, and although I suppose I was asking for it, I was a bit surprised by her forthright reaction.

"Has anybody ever told you you've got a fantastic cock, Marc?"

Her husband searched my face for my reaction and laughed. I think I blushed; I'm not sure.

After I returned a smart-ass rebuttal, acting as non-plussed as I could, the two of them started quizzing me about my manhood and what it was like to possess an extra large one. Even though Lori had caught me somewhat off-guard, I actually do like talking about sex, and for the remainder of my time there that afternoon, that was about all we talked about. To the point where I had to turn over and lay on my stomach for fear of getting a little aroused in front of them - not that I think they would have minded! Lori seemed incredibly open about her fascination for well-endowed men. Actually, the conversation got progressively hotter and hotter and it soon became obvious that were both very sexual people and very open-minded, which I thought was very cool.


After a few hours in the sun, I'd had enough. I packed up and told them that I would probably be back next week and that's perhaps I'd see them then. We said our goodbyes and I left. 

I spent the following week daydreaming about Lori - her penetrating blue eyes and that incredibly voluptuous body of hers. T couldn't stop thinking about those shapely legs of hers, her curvy bronzed behind, the neatly trimmed patch of dark hair between her legs, and of course, those huge breasts.

The following Saturday was just as nice as the previous one had been, so, hoping that they would be there again as well, I made my way down the secluded rocky slope that leads to the beach at about eleven that morning, before it got too crowded.

Sure enough, they were already there. I spotted them just before they spotted me, and as they did so they waved me over. I have to admit, I was pretty excited about seeing them again. They had an amazing energy about them and were both, I don't know, I guess charming or charismatic are the words.

This time, as I had arrived AFTER them, it was my turn to do an impromptu, albeit truncated, striptease. When I stripped off my shorts, Lori positively gushed.

"Mmmm ... just the way I remembered it," she purred with a playful grin on her face. "So lovely and big!"

That time I think I laughed AND blushed.

"Walking around a place like this with one as big as that, you must have to beat them off with a stick!" laughed Jon.

"I wish," I answered. True, I'd been approached by plenty of gay men at different times when I'd been at the beach, but when it came to women, although there had been several times when a woman had obviously been curious, they hadn't ever really acted on it.

Our conversation was, for the most part, just as single-minded and sexually oriented as it had been the week before. Only THIS time, it got even more explicit.

Jon started telling me about their lifestyle and how they had started to experiment and 'play' with another couple. He asked me if I found that shocking, and I answered honestly that I didn't. I've always been sexually adventurous, and unless it involves pain, suffering, or sex without consent, I remain open-minded.

Jon then asked me if I found his wife attractive. I smiled and said that I did, very much so. The conversation kept getting more and more provocative until, once again, I had to turn over because I was starting to get an erection. That was when Lori suggested we head back to their place for a drink - they said they had a pool in the back and that we could sit around in the sun with a drink without fear of getting busted. I said sure. I doubt any red-blooded male in my situation would have done any differently. I was starting to guess what kind of fun might be in store, and at that point I was willing to be a feather in the wind. 

The three of us packed up and I followed them in my car - theirs was a shiny new, black BMW - until we reached their place. It was huge. They were both in the real estate business, and it was obvious that they'd both done very well. The back was very private and incredibly nice: there was a big pool, a cabana room or studio, I couldn't tell which, and a Jacuzzi that was shaded and could be accessed through a sliding door off the back of the house.

I couldn't believe how forward Lori was, especially considering her husband was right there! But I suppose I shouldn't have been by that time. She took me by the hand and led me to the Jacuzzi, where she told me to take off my clothes and hop in. She got it going and ran upstairs, saying she'd be right back. I dutifully did as she said, and felt the swirling waters lap at my cock as I descended into it. The water was great; refreshing and not hot. Jon returned with drinks and I happily took a few sips to help me unwind a bit. I really didn't know what I'd got myself into, but decided to go with it nevertheless - wherever that might be - and enjoy it. They were very cool people.

Lori emerged once again from the house in her tight top and short skirt, and, kicking off her platform sandals, proceeded to strip down and join me. There was something about watching this incredibly sexy woman taking off her clothes in front of me in the privacy of her own home that seemed so different from watching her do the very same thing at a public beach. For some reason it was even more exciting, and I could definitely feel by penis beginning to swell in earnest. I decided that I was beyond being able to control it and just tried to relax. I did wonder where her husband had gone, though. But he soon joined us again, carrying what looked like two big, expensive-looking terry-clothe robes and some towels - only instead of taking off his clothes, he left them on and sat on the edge of the Jacuzzi in his shorts; his legs dangling in the water.

I was feeling pretty good, and wondering just how far things would go. But, as it turned out, I didn't have to wait long to find out!

"My wife finds you very attractive, Marc" he said rather matter-of-factly as Lori smiled at me. "How do you feel about that?"

As cool as I could, I answered that I felt the same way about her, but that I was a bit unsure about how honest they wanted me to be with their questions.

Jon then explained in a very relaxed tone that they had an incredibly open relationship; that love was love and sex was sex, and that they were mutually exclusive things as far as they were concerned. 

"Lori has always been interested in well-endowed men and I'd like her to have the freedom to explore that," he said. "And believe it or not, I'm just as interested in watching her do just that ... with you, actually, if that's okay with you. No one is pressuring anyone on this - this has to be something you feel good about, too."

All I could manage at that point was a fairly dry-mouthed, "I'm cool with it."

"When we saw you at the beach last week, and saw your body and how incredibly big you were, we were interested right away - especially Lori," he said with a smile. "Not counting some of guys we've both seen in porn videos, you've got one of the biggest dicks either one of us has ever seen in the flesh. But despite that, it was when we had a chance to talk to you that we knew. We like you a lot, Marc." 

"I like you, too, " I answered quietly.

Lori moved towards me in the Jacuzzi, and, facing me with her hands gripping the edge on either side of me, leaned forward and kissed me on the lips.

"Don't be nervous, sweetheart," she said softly, those huge breasts of hers pressing against my chest.

"Jesus! Look at that thing!" said Jon as he stared down through the swirling water at my rapidly stiffening cock. I was sitting with my back against the edge.

"Let me feel," she said grinning as I felt Lori's hand grip my penis below the surface of the water.

"No way!" she gasped. She leaned forward to kiss me again and this time sat in my lap with my hardening cock pressed against her tummy. She stared into my eyes and stroked the topside of my dick with her hand.

"I wanna see it, sweetheart. Sit up on the edge of the Jacuzzi," she commanded. I did as I was told and emerged from the bubbly water sporting a full erection.

"Oh my god!" she howled. "It's HUGE!"

At that moment, with his wife slowly stroking my engorged cock, he leaned across and gave her a kiss with lots of tongue.

"You don't mind if I run and grab my video camera, do you, Marc?" he asked. To which I think I responded with some barely audible form of consent. He quickly ran off and was back in no time with his video camera in hand, just in time to watch - and film - his wife wrap her lips around my big dick. She couldn't get much more than the head in her mouth but she more than made up for THAT - she opened a clear tube of this slippery 'KY Liquid personal lubricant' and coated my entire penis except for the head in it, as well as her breasts. After that she pumped the shaft with both hands while she swirled her tongue around the head. It felt SO amazing. She really got into it. And I must admit it felt a little weird to be sitting there having this woman giving me incredible head while her husband knelt beside us and filmed it!

At one point she wrapped those huge breasts of hers around my shaft and titty-fucked me, which felt pretty incredible considering all the slippery lubricant she'd squirted on them.

She told me to be sure to tell her when I felt like I was going to cum, which I did - so when I started to feel my balls tighten up, I gave her the warning and she stood back and continued to pump the shaft until I shot a huge wad into the air.

"Oh, baby, that's SOOO nice!" she purred, squeezing every last drop out of me. She seemed especially turned on at the sight of me ejaculating. I always cum copious amounts, and it splashed in the water and ran down the length of my cock and onto her hands. She smeared it all over her huge breasts and then sat back down in the water and washed herself off. 

After I was done, I climbed back in until the water was almost up to my neck. Jon brought us another round of drinks, and then took off his clothes.

"Now it's your turn to watch!" said Jon, sitting on the edge and stroking his cock. 

Lori then proceeded to perform the very same services on her husband that she had just demonstrated on me; only this time she eagerly swallowed.

I felt a lot more relaxed after having cum, and the three of us chilled out in the Jacuzzi together for a while before having a playful skinny-dip in the pool afterwards. We used the terry-cloth robes to dry off with before laying out in the sun a bit to recuperate.

Jon and Lori were soon getting amorous with one another again - to the point where Jon had his head nestled between her legs and was returning the favour she'd given both of us. Lori got pretty loud with her moaning and 'dirty talk' and I wondered if a neighbour might be listening in somewhere! She tweaked her big nipples while her husband did what was obviously a masterful job on her with his tongue. I LUV big nipples on a woman, and hers were probably about the size of her palm - and at that particular moment they looked pretty swollen and were sticking out a good half an inch.

The scene playing out in front of me was pretty amazing, and since it had been a good half hour, my thick meat started to respond once again. I couldn't resist giving it a stroke or two while my hosts had their fun.

Lori eventually experienced an orgasm and Jon collapsed back into his own recliner.

A few minutes passed before Lori suddenly sat bolt upright

"More!" she blurted out, staring at my cock with a girlish, wide-eyed grin.

My impression was that Lori was a bit of a man-eater; a sexually voracious woman with an incredible appetite for sex, and that Jon simply couldn't keep up with her. I wondered if the 'swinging' wasn't his only way of keeping her happy sexually. At this point, I was only too happy to help :)

"Let's go to the bedroom upstairs, shall we?" she said beaming. That said, the three of us donned our robes and headed inside and up a flight of stairs to the master bedroom. It was amazing! It had a huge, king-size bed, the biggest skylight I'd ever seen directly above it, and another huge window that provided an incredible view. There was also an on-suite bathroom with a stand-up shower and a big claw-foot bathtub. 

Jon had come prepared with his video camera once again. Lori and I stood at the foot of the bed and let our robes fall to the floor around our feet.

"Kiss me," she cooed, and I was more than happy to oblige. I was hard again, and while we explored each other's mouths with our tongues, she held my big stalk in her hand. Jon sat down in a chair by the bed and filmed us kissing. I massaged her large, fleshy breasts with my hands.

"I've been fantasizing about fucking you ever since I saw you that first time at the beach ... " she said softly. "Will you fuck me with that huge cock of yours, Marc?" 

"Oh yeah," I answered. "And it's gonna feel SO good."

"Mmmm, that's what I want, sweetheart. I want you to fuck me with that big, beautiful cock."

Lori then handed me a 'Max' condom, which was apparently left over from their night of 'playing' with that other couple, so I assumed it had been for the other man since Jon wouldn't have required it.

Lori lay back on the bed and I knelt between her parted thighs. Jon stood up to continue filming us from different angles, sporting a hard-on of his own. 

I slipped on the condom while Lori watched.

"Take it easy on me, okay hon" she said. "You're quite a bit bigger than I'm used to."

I promised that I would. And I confess that, when it comes to sex, my favourite expression on a woman's face, other than at the penultimate moment of an orgasm, is that look which is a mixture of lust, anticipation and timid apprehension just before I enter her. Lori definitely had it, and it made me as hard as steel.

I placed the tip of my dick against her opening and slowly pushed my way in. Lori was already very wet and that definitely helped, since she was a fairly petite woman.

She closed her eyes and gripped my forearms with her hands as I eased my way in as gently as I could. Her pussy felt like a vice and it took a lot of small, incremental thrusts to penetrate her very deeply. I probably only had about six or seven inches in her when I felt the head of my penis come up against her cervix. She still had her eyes closed and her mouth open, and moaned softly.

"How does it feel,sweets?" asked Jon

"Oh wow!" she answered. "It feels amazing. It just feels really, really big!"

I slowly withdrew until just the tip was left inside, then pushed my way back in as far as I could go. I just built up a steady rhythm of all the way in, then all the way out again; slowly picking up the pace each time. Women always seem to love that slow, steady, long stroke. And it's always an incredible sight to watch a woman's pussy appear as if it's being turned inside out every time I pull out of her, then watch her vaginal lips almost disappear into her again on the down stroke.
