 "Is that cum in your hair, Clair?" She stared stonily at my reflection in the mirror and then burst out laughing. We, and when I say we I mean John, Adam, Clair and myself were enjoying a business dinner at a high-class hotel, and we ladies had taken the opportunity to powder our noses while waiting for the main course to be served.

I noticed the white stains in her hair earlier in the evening and while I adjusted my tight black dress, my curiosity finally got the better of me. Adam's girlfriend was reapplying her lipstick which matched the short, tight red dress she was wearing. The garment showed off her shapely thighs to perfection as did her sexy high heels, and a small wave of jealousy washed over me.

"Actually, it is, Bonnie" she admitted it, running her perfectly manicured fingers through her blonde mane. Then she giggled and turned towards me. "I didn't want to say anything but before we came here, Adam and I had a quickie." I raised my eyebrows inquisitively and demanded details. At first, she seemed reluctant but soon started spilling the beans.

"Well, it wasn't actually that good, if you know what I mean. It was more like me on my knees, sucking cock."

"Wow!" I giggled, admiring her honesty. "Nothing like a good quickie build an appetite, right?"

"You're so right," she said thoughtfully, checking my expression for sarcasm. Reassured I was sincere, she spoke again, only this time she seemed a little hesitant.

"And you know, what's strange?" and looked at me questioningly.

"No," I replied, wondering what she was going to say, wary of her tone.

"As we were getting ready, Adam couldn't keep his hands off me and it ended up with me leaning over the bed while he fucked me from behind." I smiled at her encouragingly, enjoying her tale. "It all happened so fast, I really didn't have time to cum but Adam did." She stared at me strangely before continuing. "I don't know what got into him but when he was ready to shoot his load, he pulled me onto my knees and began wanking his cock. But just as he started cumming, he shouted 'Take it, Bonnie!' and covered me with spunk. What do you make of that?"

"What?" I replied shocked to my core. I'd never thought of Adam in that way, but I had to admit, he was hot. Young and muscular, I could easily picture him being masterful, but I'd never expected him to fantasize about me, let alone wishing it was me he was facializing.

"Jeez, I'm sorry," I said apologetically to Claire.

"Never mind, Bonnie'," she said. "Actually, although I felt very cuckolded, it was strange and exciting."

"Really?"

"Absolutely!" She smiled conspiringly. Her eyes sparkling with excitement. "Sometimes I get so fucking bored of the vanilla shit we do in bed, so when he made me suck his cock... well, when he face fucked me, knowing it was you he wanted in front of him, really turned me on."

"So... No hard feelings?"

"Absolutely not!" she claimed, leaning towards the mirror, making a final check of her makeup. "Actually, I wouldn't mind seeing it for real." She was looking at my reflection intently and I wondered if I'd understood her correctly.

"Do you mean...?" She nodded enthusiastically.

"A little swapping, yes! Wouldn't that be fantastic?"

I wasn't so enthusiastic about that, but Claire went on, turning to me:

"I would totally love to watch Adam and you fucking each other's brain out. It's a total turn-on!"

"Really?" I asked, not quite able to believe what I was hearing. She moved behind me and began caressing my body

"But of course! Wouldn't you get turned on watching your man fucking another woman? Jeez, how could you resist touching yourself when another woman swallows his cock and he's looking you right in the eye."

Her words and hands were getting to me and I nodded. Although John and I had discussed it in an abstract sort of way, I'd never really given it any real thought before. However listening to this goddess trying to persuade me while gently caressing my body, I couldn't deny finding the idea sexy. Her hands cupped my breasts and my doubts wavered.

"We have talked about it," I admitted hesitantly, "but..."

"Super!" Clare exclaimed before I could continue and moved her hand over my stomach. "Wanna do it tonight, Bonnie?"

"W... wh..what?" I stammered. This was going too fast. I'd assumed we'd go back and talk about this with the men, exchanging ideas, plan a date and have time to get used to the idea, but the hands caressing my body and warm breath in the back of my neck was confusing me somewhat.

"Why not?" she insisted, one hand teasing my erect nipples while the other sought out my throbbing clit. "We could rent a room right here in the hotel and after dinner go upstairs and have some fun. What do you say Bonnie?" she asked, planting small delightful little kisses in my neck. "Don't overthink it. Adam want's you, I want you and I'm sure John won't mind fucking me, so what's the problem?"

Try as I might, I couldn't think of one good reason why not, and believe me I was trying. I looked into her eyes and felt the heat of her body through my dress. I saw the way her eyes sparkled and felt the way her hands touched me and knew there was nothing I wanted more. The lust she'd awakened in me grew and my hands reached back to touch her. We stood there caressing each other for a moment and all I could think about was spending the night with Claire and her even sexier boyfriend.

"Okay, I guess..."

"Cool." She kissed my neck and then moved away. She headed towards the door while I stood there shaking in frustration. "Game night, then!" she exclaimed enthusiastically. Before following her, I stared at myself in the mirror, knowing that now I couldn't have a relaxed dinner after this. I just wouldn't be able to shake off the thought of watching John fucked Claire while getting laid by Adam.

At the table, I watched in amazement how easily and calmly Claire conducted herself through the main course as if nothing had happened in the restroom. She chatted gaily, changing the subject subtly whenever a lull in the conversation appeared, laughing meaningfully at the men's jokes and listened avidly to their tall stories. Watching her, I couldn't help admiring her and thinking she was a perfect actress.

Then without warning, I saw her place a foot in my man's lap during dessert and watched his eyes grow as big as saucers. Shocked, he looked for my reaction and was even more surprised when I winked at him.

"What's the matter, Johnny boy?" Claire asked her shoed foot pressing harder into his crotch. "Cat got your tongue." His face searched mine for a clue and found none.

"I didn't know this dinner was... a prelude," he said slowly, dangerously.

"Oh you're talking about this?" she asked, applying more pressure, causing my man to hiss out loud. "Don't worry about Bonnie here, Darling. We've already decided what's happening tonight. What do you say to a little fun and games, a little bit of wife swapping?"

"Really?" Adam asked like he just won the lottery. Grinning wildly, he checked me up and down.

"Absolutely," I confirmed. "Claire and I decided we could take a room here," my finger pointing towards the ceiling, "and see how things go," I said huskily.

"We can try some things we've never done yet!" Claire explained, the sex literally oozing from her pores. "We can switch partners, or just watch each other fucking..."

"I'm not sure..." John said cautiously.

"I'll even let you guys DP me," Claire promised coyly, sealing the deal.

The silence was intense and I swear I heard the guys swallowing hard. Then things happened really fast. They called the maître' d and within minutes a room was sorted out. Only when we were in the elevator did things slow down

Claire pressed the STOP button and laughed demonically as the steel box ground to a halt. "I can see you guys need some release right now," referring to the huge tent-like shapes in their trousers. She dropped to her knees in front of Adam and started undoing his flies. "Besides, I haven't had my dessert yet, boys." She fished out Adam's rampant erection and greedily opened her mouth.

"Come on baby, I really need some cum," Claire insisted and began bobbing her head. Adam wasted no time stuffing his hard cock into her lusty mouth, shoving it so deeply, it disappeared out of sight before I'd had a real chance to check it out. However, the way her throat expanded told me I wasn't going to be disappointed this evening.

Not to be outdone, John released his own monster while looking at me expectantly.

"I always knew you like to go with the flow," I said, smiling, and knelt down in front of him.

"Guilty as charged," he replied before sighing deeply as my lips engulfed his erection.

We both sucked the guys while glancing at each other, exchanging sly smiles. Both Adam and John were grunting loudly as our heads bobbed on their throbbing cocks. As if by agreement, they grabbed our heads and really began fucking our faces. It was obvious they were going for an immediate release. I watched in slutty satisfaction how they watched us performing, and from the look in their eyes, they were enjoying the view.

John was the first to explode and his hot seed filled my mouth. He pulled my head forwards, pressing his dick deeper down my throat. Beside me, I heard Adam groaning and Claire choking. I reached for her hand and she squeezed it, while the men continued emptying their balls. Time seemed to stand still but eventually, they were done and we both opened our mouths and let our men see their cream.

They raised their eyebrows approvingly and then ordered us to kiss. I quickly turned to Claire and our lips met. Our tongues entwined and we shared cum. Adams tasted surprisingly sweet and fresh as we continued our sloppy wet kiss

"Wow...," John said, and I heard the unmistakable click of a camera. We looked up at him, posing sluttily for his iPhone while he carried on taking pictures. Adam was the first to regain some common sense and quickly pressed the button for our floor. Claire and I barely had the time to stand up when the elevator stopped and opened its doors to an empty corridor. Leading our men by their cocks, we made our way to the room.

"Here we are then!" Adam chuckled smugly. "Our room for the night. Let the debauchery begin." The room was tastefully decorated and neatly arranged, as if was unprepared for the rampant sex that was about to take place, despite the presence of a king sized bed. The small yellow wall lamps gave it a snug feel, as did thick rug and to our surprise, the floor to ceiling terrace window treated us to a spectacular view of a city getting ready to party.

"So...," said Claire excitedly, turning to face us. "Who wants to start?"

"Well," John replied, his voice thicker than normal. "You did mention something about swinging if I'm not mistaken..."

"I sure did," Claire stepped in front of John. "Why, are you up for it?"

"Careful for what you wish for," he warned. "Just to be clear, what did you have in mind?"

"Everything and everything!" Claire replied, biting her index finger seductively. "You can fuck me, or Adam can screw Bonnie. Maybe you want to watch me and Adam or does seeing Bonnie and me together turn you on?" I knew John well enough and didn't need to guess what he wanted.

"Any limits?" he asked.

"None, in principle but I'm not really into that sadomasochism shit, you know, bruises and cuts which need to be covered up at work the next day. Spanking is okay so long as you're not too rough."

"Oooh I'll take good care of you...," he said simply and then turned to me. "Are you sure about this?" Our eyes locked together. I nodded

"Do you think you'll be able to handle him?" he said, casually nodding at Adam who was enjoying the view outside the room.

"Don't you worry about me, Darling," I assured him with a big smile. "You go and enjoy yourself," and even patted his butt encouragingly. He smiled wolfishly and turned towards Claire. Seconds later his belt was wrapped around her neck like a collar and leash.

"On all fours, bitch," he ordered, his voice dangerously calm. "It's time to train you properly."

Obediently she fell to the floor for the second - well, probably third - time today and I couldn't help wondering whether her knees weren't hurting yet. John pulled at the belt while admiring her taut body, barely covered beneath the tight dress. He paraded her around the room like she was a prize poodle. When he passed the bed, he picked up the bottle of massage oil Claire had thrown down after entering the room. Then he led her towards the terrace windows and pulled her to her feet.

"Look at the view, bitch," he ordered. "Is it to your liking?" She nodded but I knew I heard her swallow hard.

"It's beautiful...," she said a touch uncertain.

"It sure is..," he added. "And I'm going to fuck your magnificent ass right here, where the whole city can see it."

I was amazed at how dominant John was being. Where was my "go with the flow," guy, the man who seemed to hesitate in almost everything he did, I wondered before hearing a deep voice beside me?

"How about you getting on your hands and knees." I turned and looked at Adam.

"Are you going to parade me around the room too, with a belt around my neck?" He shook his head.

"I'd rather have you here," he patted the sofa. "I want to explore your body, Bonnie."

He settled onto the sofa, and I positioned myself on my hands and knees above his lap just like he wanted.

"Wow...," he said breathlessly. "I've fancied you for so long," and ran a finger over my spine. "Do you mind?" he asked, raising my dress over my bum, exposing it for his pleasure.

"Not at all," I answered huskily, looking over my shoulder at him before wiggling my ass invitingly. His hand caressed my buttocks softly, lulling me into a state of relaxation. Then he spanked me hard.

"Nice tone," he said as my skin reddened. I giggled at the remark and was rewarded with another spank.

He deftly removed my panties and threw the drenched garment on the sofa before moving his hands over my exposed body while he tenderly kissed my butt cheeks. Then he spread my ass, taking a moment to admire what he saw, before leaning forward and circling my exposed asshole with his tongue. Saliva dribbled down my anal crack while his fingers pressed against my cunt and clit while he tongued my ass and the cocktail of pussy juice and spittle dripped onto his lap, forming a wet spot on his light gray trousers.

I closed my eyes and bit my lip in ecstasy, this attention was really getting to me. Not that I wasn't horny, quite the opposite in fact. Claire's intimate touching in the restroom, the sexy dinner and the hot face fucking in the elevator had all combined to get me wet and when his tongue probed my back entrance I knew my orgasm wasn't far away. I started breathing heavily. I really needed this indulgence and hoped, with all my heart, that Adam wouldn't stop before I climaxed. Then his fingers started to explore my dripping wet pussy and I came immediately. My body stiffened and I began moaning and whimpering while simultaneously trying to impale myself on Adam's strong fingers.

"Thank you," I said when my orgasm subsided. Our eyes met. "I really needed this."

"It was my pleasure," he said, grinning. "Are you ready for round two?" I nodded.

"Sure! How do you want me?"

"From behind!" he said, loosening his tie. I swiftly moved to the end of the sofa and bent over the arm. From this position, I had a good view of what John was doing on the balcony with Claire. They were naked and facing the magnificent view but I could see everything that was happening. He was entering her ass slowly, that much I could see, more from the way she held her body taut than from actually seeing him enter her, although the way John's buttocks were clenched together, I knew he was concentrating.

"Ahhhh...," Claire cried out.

"Take it, bitch" John ordered.

At precisely that moment, Adam pressed his cock against my juicy cunt and thrust his hips forward. His cock surged forward, filling my silken tunnel completely and a wave of pleasure washed over me. I let my head hang and waited for Adam's onslaught. Immediately he started fucking me, his prick sliding easily in and out of my soaking wet pussy his balls banging against the back of my thighs again and again. I reached down and fingered my clit, enjoying the way he was banging me. Suddenly our attention was drawn to the far side of the room.

"Fuck me you bastard," Claire screamed at John as he stood motionless behind her. "Fuck my ass and make me cum." My boyfriend needed no further encouragement and began pounding her back passage hard. His balls slapped into her in the same rhythm as Adam's slammed into me, and I surrendered myself to the unadulterated lust that coursed through my veins.

Our moans and the sound of skin hitting the skin filled the room and turned me on even more. Adam was really giving me a good going over and my body began its familiar tingling, but it was the sight of John sodomizing Claire that was really making me cream. John was really giving it to her, fucking her as hard as I haven't felt him take me in months.

He was spanking her ass repeatedly while he fucked her and the stream of obscenities coming from the far end of the room made the scene even hornier. Adam was of the same opinion because he reached forward and grabbed my breasts with one hand and my hair with the other, and pulled me even harder onto his wonderful cock. Time and again he massaged my G-spot with his engorged helmet and quickly brought me to my second orgasm, and the evening was still young. The release was more powerful than the previous and I cried out loudly, my body shuddering uncontrollably as Adam's prick continued pounding my cunt.

When I finally regained my senses, I saw John standing over Claire. She was on her knees again and John had her head pressed against the wall of glass. His other hand was jerking his cock violently, aiming it at her face. I recognized his expression and knew he was on the edge. Suddenly cum exploded from the swollen glans and splattered powerfully against the tinted glass. He continued wanking, making sure he emptied his balls even shook the last oozing drop onto the smooth surface.

"Your turn, bitch," he said, masterfully pulling Claire's angelic face closer to the window. Adam stopped fucking me and watched in awe as his blonde girlfriend leaned closer to the shiny surface and began licking at the creamy splotches of warm spunk with her tiny pink tongue. John bent over and whispered fiercely into her ear. Then he stood up straight and watched how she cleaned the glass, swallowing each large deposit until the window was clean. John pointed to some residual spots on the glass and Claire, still obeying him unwaveringly, quickly licked them clean, waiting for his approval.

"That was really something...," Adam stated withdrawing his prick from my steaming cunt. He slumped back on the sofa and started undressing properly. As the last garment landed on the floor John guided Claire back into the middle of the room. He was leading her by her hair; his belt hanging loosely from her neck. Her hair was ruffled, and her dress was wrinkled beyond recognition. She held her heels in her hand and had the look of a completely satisfied, freshly fucked bitch.

"I think your girlfriend is ready for a proper DP now, man," John said calmly to Adam, who was staring at Claire anxiously.

"Are you, honey?" he asked, standing up and moving in front of her. His stiff cock pointed at her like a cocked gun.

"Yes...," she smiled, her eyes focusing on his swaying appendage. John reached down and yanked her head by her hair.

"What did you say, slut?" He demanded. "I didn't quite understand you." Her eyes widened in surprise.
