 I remember the summer after my first year of college as if it was yesterday. Even though my freshman year at the university had opened my eyes to new and wondrous things, the summer that followed changed my life forever, in more ways than one.

I had grown up in a small town in Northeast Iowa, following in the footsteps of many young women before me. I was on the girls basketball team, learned home economics from a spinster who thought cooking nutritious meals was the most important part of making a marriage work, and discussed the secrets of boys, sex and rock 'n' roll at slumber parties at my friends' houses.

College changed many of my small-town attitudes. There was a big new world out there just waiting to be conquered. The dating scene at the university was far different than what I was used to. I lived in a dorm the first year, and decided it was cramping my style. I had made arrangements to rent an apartment with two other girls next year. I had made many new friends at college, but at the end of the year, I still couldn't wait to get back and see my old friends from high school. Especially Ben.

Ben and I had dated casually in high school. He had actually taken my virginity in the back seat of his parents' car. After high school, we had parted friends, but had sort of drifted apart and gone our separate ways. We had kept in touch just enough for me to know that he had had the same luck with relationships at college. We had both been burned, it seemed. I was looking forward to seeing Ben again. He was like a comfortable pair of old slippers that you don't really appreciate until you've worn some stylish high heels for about eight hours. 

It was a beautiful summer day when I ran into him at the gas station. (For those of you not acquainted with small-town life, the gas station is a great place to meet guys.) Ben suggested that we get some beer, and head down to the old mill to go swimming. 

The old mill was a place far out in the woods at the end of a dirt road where there used to be a mill powered by a water wheel in the olden days. The old mill was an old stone structure from the 1800's in a scenic wooded valley with a stream winding through grassy meadows. Although probably a busy place at one time, the abandoned farmhouse and mill building there had sat empty for as long as I could remember. While we were in high school, several of us had found the place an ideal place for partying and skinny-dipping. The creek had a flat stone bottom, and the water in the stream was cool and clear. 

Ben and I took his car out to the old mill. We caught up on old times a little. When we got there, the place was as idyllic and peaceful as ever. The place was as green with woodland growth as any place on earth. With the blue sky and warm sun overhead, and the green grass underfoot, the place was friendly and warm and inviting. When we parked the car, we walked down to the bank of the stream, and sat down. We each opened a beer and leaned back in the grass. Ben pulled out a joint and lit it. We lay in the sun and watched as the clouds drifted by. 

“Isn’t it an absolutely perfect day?” Ben asked. 

“Yeah,” I said, absent-mindedly, “it doesn’t get much better than this!”

In a little bit, after we had finished the joint, I was beginning to think that maybe it could get a little better. I decided I really needed to get Ben to make love to me. It had been over a month since I had had sex, and I was about as horny as I could remember ever being in my short life. Oh sure, I had masturbated about every other day since I broke up with Bruce, but that wasn't nearly as satisfactory as having a stiff prick in me. 

"Want to go swimming?" I asked.

"I might have some swim trunks in the car." Ben said.

“Who needs those?” I asked.

I started to take off my clothes. Ben grinned and did the same. In no time, we were in the stream, paddling back and forth in the neck-deep part of the swimming hole. After about five minutes of swimming around, I approached Ben and let out a little scream.

"What?" Ben asked as I grabbed him and wrapped my arms around his neck.

"God!" I said, "I think a fish just nibbled on my leg!"

Ben just smiled as I wrapped my legs around his middle. "He didn't get anything else, did he?" Ben held me up by wrapping his arms around me and then reaching down and squeezing my butt cheeks. He knew perfectly well what I was up to. I leaned forward to rub my nipples against his chest and give Ben a tender kiss. “Maybe you’ll have to check me over more carefully for fish bites.” I said. Ben smiled as I felt his manhood coming up.

“I hear this creek has been stocked with trouser trout.” Ben said.

“Mmmm,” I said, as I settled more into position, “They’re fun to fish for!”

“Yeah,” Ben agreed, “but they don’t put up much of a fight.” He smiled.

I just smiled back as I felt Ben's erection stiffen to full attention. It was lodged in just about the right place and I only had to wiggle my bottom a little to get it lined up perfectly. As I felt it at the entrance, I gave a little push and felt it go in.

As I sank down on it I couldn't help but sigh and say. "You know Ben, I missed you a lot!"

Ben started to pump it into me and said, "I missed you too Jan. This feels so cool!" 

There was no pretense about it. We just love screwing, and we both knew it. Ben held me up with his hands as I rocked my hips and ground my pelvic bone against his. We just stayed intertwined and continued to rock.

The sensation of making love under water is so different. I think the sexual tension had built up in both of us so much that we both came almost immediately. I just hung there with my arms around his neck and his prick lodged deep inside me as we recovered. After a few moments, I gave Ben a deep kiss, and let myself down. I led him by the hand up to the grassy bank of the stream and arranged our clothes into a place to lie down. As I lay down, I pulled Ben down on top of me. After the quickie in the water, I was ready for Ben to make love to me long and slow, so I could savor every moment. Ben knew what I wanted, and in only a few minutes, had recovered sufficiently to grant my wish. 

As Ben made love to me with long smooth strokes, he would occasionally crane his neck down so he could kiss and suck on one of my nipples. That would cause me to moan each time he did that. Deciding that my breasts needed more attention, I maneuvered Ben so he was on his back and I was on top, straddling him. That way, his hands were free to caress and fondle my sensitive nipples. My breasts aren't all that big, but they seem to be hot-wired directly to the pleasure centers of my brain. Each time Ben would tug on one of my nipples, it would cause the muscles in my twat to contract and twitch. That, in turn seemed to be quickly driving Ben towards the brink of another orgasm. Since I was on top, I thought I could control the pace, but even though I stopped stroking up and down completely, I couldn't stop my hips from squirming and grinding. I sure couldn't stop the convulsing and contractions of my overheated pussy when Ben pinched both of my nipples at once. That was too much for Ben, and I could feel him blast his seed into me for the second time in the last few minutes. 

I rolled off him as I felt him start to go limp inside me, and I lay in the soft grass beside him. Ben knew I had been very close to coming, and got up and crawled between my legs, where he lapped and sucked on my clit for the few short minutes it took me to reach climax. 

As I lay there in the warm sunshine basking in the afterglow of our little romp, Ben got up and began dressing. I was lying on his jeans, and he tugged on them gently as a sign that he wanted them. I decided to get dressed myself, and pulled my jeans and top on. 

Ben then went up to the car and got a couple of beers, and we sat on the stream bank for quite a while talking about school and soaking up the warm summer sun. 

The little valley was overwhelmingly green and lush. It was overgrown with maple and oak trees, and the ground was still dappled with the wildflowers of spring. There seemed to be an unusual number of butterflies and the chirping of the birds and buzz of insects only seemed to make the valley seem more quiet and isolated. Big puffy white clouds drifted overhead, and I began to think about just taking my clothes off again and spending the afternoon getting an all-over tan. 

Suddenly, we heard the racket of an electric saw nearby. Ben and I looked towards the source of the sound. It seemed to be coming from the old mill. Ben looked at me and asked. "Did you see a car when we pulled in?"

"No," I said. "It didn't look like anyone else was here to me." 

"Want to go see what's up?" Ben asked.

"Sure." I said, getting to my feet, and picking up my beer. 

We both wandered over towards the old mill, and just as we reached the door, heard the noise of the saw again, now definitely coming from inside. Just as Ben was about to knock, the door flew open and a longhaired guy carrying a board came striding out and almost walked right into Ben. I couldn't tell who was the most startled. 

"Holy Shit!" The longhaired character exclaimed, dropping the board. "Jeez, Ben! You scared the hell out of me!"

Ben had jumped back and was wiping beer he had spilled on himself off his shirt. He laughed and said, "Sorry Jake, I was just about to knock. What the hell are you doing here?"

I suddenly recognized Jake Watts, who had been about three years ahead of us in school. His dark hair had grown long, and he had it pulled back into a ponytail. Jake looked at Ben and laughed. "Working on the kitchen." 

"Kitchen?" Ben and I asked in unison.

"Yeah, I'm livin' here now. Want to see the place?" Jake asked, picking up his board and turning back into the place. 

I had never seen the inside of the old mill, so I didn't know what to expect. As Ben and I entered, we could see that Jake had been busy, and that there was a table saw and a bunch of sawdust in the corner off to our right. Otherwise, it looked a lot like those restaurants that are made out of restored old factories, with lots of antique furniture and rough old barn boards. There was a pot-bellied stove in the middle of the "kitchen", and we could see the beginnings of a wall to cover the rough limestone in the "living room". It was all very rustic and actually looked quite cozy. 

"Wow!" Ben said, "How long have you been living here?"

"Since last August." Jake said. "It was a little cold through the winter, but a little insulation here and there should help that." 

Since Ben and I both had beers, Jake went over to the antique fridge and got himself a beer. "C'mon, I'll show you the rest of the place." He said, as he led the way downstairs. 

On the lower level, we could see that there was still some of the old machinery off to one side. Jake opened a door off the main room to reveal a cozy den of sorts. There were plush chairs and cushions all over the room, and the whole interior was covered with plush oriental rugs. There were candles here and there, along with stereo speakers, and beside one of the chairs, an elaborate hookah. A den indeed!

Jake then showed us the back door that opened out towards the creek. I noticed that there were hooks by the door, and several fuzzy robes hanging there. Outside, there was a patio with a grill on it and several reclining deck chairs. The creek came right up to the edge of the patio. The way the old mill was situated on the bend on the creek and hidden in the valley, you would never see this little area behind the mill when coming in on the road.

"Wow!" I said. "Has this always been here?" I went over to the edge of the patio by the creek, and noticed stone steps leading into the water. 

"Well, the water has always pooled up here by the mill," Jake said, "which is probably the reason they built the thing here in the first place. But I just got the patio put in this spring. Pretty nice place to hang out, don't you think?" Jake settled into one of the deck chairs and motioned us to do the same. We did. 

Ben pulled out what was left of the joint and lit it up. We passed that back and forth a few times, until we were completely mellowed out, and just laying there soaking up the sun and enjoying the afternoon. 

Pretty soon, Jake got up and asked, "Either of you want another beer?"

"Sure!" Ben said.

"Why not?" I said.

Jake returned a minute later with more and handed them to us. "Jeff and Christine were planning on coming out this afternoon to go swimming and grill some burgers. You guys want to stay and eat?"

Ben and I looked at each other and shrugged. "Sounds like a plan!" I said. "Is there anything we need to run into town and get?"

Jake sat down and said. "I don't think so. I've got plenty of food and beer."

We sat there, soaking up the sun, listening to Jake tell how he had come to live here, and how he had been working to fix the place up. After a bit, we heard a car coming down the only road into the valley, and we got up to see if it was Jeff and Christine. It was. They pulled up in Jeff’s Mustang and got out of the car and came in carrying a case of beer and a bag of groceries.

"Wow!" Christine said, "I didn't know you guys were back together!" She put the groceries down and came over to give me a hug. We had been good friends in high school, but she had gone to the U of I, and we had kind of lost track of each other. I knew Jeff too, but not as well. Ben and I just looked at each other and sort of nodded.

"You two are sure looking great!" I said. I wasn't kidding. Christine had her dark hair cut short, which framed her face nicely. She was wearing a pink halter top that was thin enough that it didn't leave much to the imagination, and denim shorts cut so low that I was sure she needed to trim her pubes to keep them from peeking out above the belt. Christine had been the prom queen, not only because she had a perfect face and luscious figure, but also because she could pull it off without being a bitch. She was one of the crazier friends I had in high school, and everybody liked her. 

College had been good to Jeff as well. He had always been a blonde hunk, but his muscles now bulged under his tee-shirt, and the shorts he was wearing showed off his tight buns perfectly. I couldn't help but watch as he bent over to put the groceries in the fridge. Ben caught me ogling Jeff's buns and gave me a look that told me I was being obvious. 

"So, Jeff, are you in wrestling or football?" I asked. Jeff grabbed two beers, handed one to Christine, and said, "Both, for now. I'm sure I'll have to decide on one or the other soon, but not until I go back in the fall."

"You're looking pretty good yourself!" Christine said, opening her beer. "You still playing volleyball?"

"Yeah," I said, "I'm actually on two teams, so I get to play a lot."

"I love your hair!" She said. "Is that all from the sun, or are you highlighting it?"

"Oh, the sun helps, but I had it done." I said. "I'm thinking of just going completely blonde. What do you think?"

"Go for it!" Christine said. "You'll look great." 

Jake went to get another beer, and looked really small next to Jeff. Jeff was really big, and Jake was more my size, about 5’- 7”. Both were very attractive guys in their own way, but so very different. We all headed downstairs and to the patio. Jake and Ben led the way. 

Ben and Jake went right out onto the patio, but when Jeff and Christine got to the bottom of the stairs, they stopped and started taking their clothes off. This caught me off guard more than a little, and Christine noticed me staring as she shed the halter-top and pushed her shorts off her hips. 

"You going swimming?" She asked.

"Uh...sure!" I said, trying to appear cool with this whole thing. 

"Just hang your stuff here." She said, indicating the row of hooks on the wall. "There's plenty of robes here. Just take the one you like." 

I hesitated just long enough to watch Christine get completely nude, hang here clothes on a hook, and put on a short terry cloth robe. Jeff was not far behind, and I tried not to let Christine see me checking out Jeff's muscle tone as he got naked. I couldn't help it. Jeff's penis was average in size, but Jeff didn't carry an ounce of fat, and his muscles rippled under that wonderfully tanned skin. Neither Christine nor Jeff showed the least bit of self-consciousness at taking their clothes off in front of me, and I finally started to disrobe myself, hoping I looked as cool as they had. I picked out a terry-cloth robe much like Christine's and we headed outside. Ben and Jake were trying to light the grill. I could see that Ben had lit up another joint, and Jeff headed in their direction. I followed Christine over to the steps that led into the water. She doffed her robe and hung it on one of several hooks on a tree limb right by the water. 

Christine really did have a perfect body, and I noticed the guys' sidelong glances in her direction as she stepped into the water. Of course, being guys, they discretely checked me out too, as I followed suit, and walked into the creek. 

Christine and I paddled around the quiet pool, talking about school, and catching up on old times. She was telling me what a relief it was to get away from the repressed attitudes of a small town and how liberated she felt at college. I had to admit that, I too, had felt like life was amazingly freer at school. I was going on about something like that when I noticed that the guys were joining us in the water. They had all changed into robes, and what stopped me short was the sight of Jake as he hung his robe on the hook on the tree and slipped into the water. 

I had never imagined a penis as large as the one that hung between Jake's legs. Oh sure, I had led a sheltered existence, and have, in the years since, seen several larger penises, but I remember stopping in mid sentence, and staring, with my mouth open at the size of that thing. Christine followed my gaze and laughed. "You need to get out more, Jan!"

I recovered my composure somewhat, and swam over to her. "My God!" I whispered, "I had no idea Jake’s cock was so big!" 

Christine just giggled as Ben and Jeff swam over towards us. Before the guys reached us, Jeff disappeared under water. In the next moment Christine squealed and reached down to pull Jeff up and out of the water. Jeff was laughing.

"You do that again, and I'll have to hold you down there!" Christine threatened. 

Ben had paddled up behind me and wrapped his arms around me. He was unabashedly groping me in front of Jeff and Christine. Then he tickled me, and I doubled over. When he quit, I reached out and pushed his head under water. A brief splashing fight broke out and after a few minutes of that I noticed that Jake was up to something downstream, where the ruins of the dam were.

"What do you suppose Jake is up to?" I asked of no one in particular.

"Looks like he's trying to get something off the bottom." Jeff said. We all waded in the direction of Jake, who was disappearing under water at intervals.

"What are you up to Jake?" Ben asked. 

"Moving some of the rocks so that the dam doesn't wash out any more." Jake said. 

We all pitched in and helped Jake move rocks for a while until Christine said she was chilled and crawled up on the bank to warm up in the bright sunshine. I could see that she was covered with goose bumps, and her nipples were crinkled up to stiff little nubbins.

I realized that I was getting terribly chilled too, and crawled out myself. Christine had stretched out in the soft grass, oblivious to the fact that the guys were ogling her every time they moved another rock into place. 

Noticing me getting out, Jake said, "There's a blanket on the wall there, if you want one," indicating the rock wall a few feet away. I got it and returned to where Christine lay in the grass, and spread it out next to her. I stretched out on the blanket next to her, leaving her room beside me. I realized that I too was covered with goose bumps, and that my nipples were at full attention. (My boobs might not be as big and perfect as Christine's, but my nipples are really long when they’re stiff. All my boyfriends have commented on that.) 
