 Read part 1 first. It will make the story flow better. All characters are fictional and everyone is over 18.

Chapter 6

At the pool Emily and Amy often hung with two other girls. Megan was a tall, skinny redhead with long legs and freckles everywhere. She had no tits, but her vivacious personality, mysterious green eyes and shapely ass gave her a certain sex appeal. She also had a puffy little pussy that hung visibly between the gap in her legs.

The other girl, Rachael, was shorter at about 5'2". A layer of baby fat accentuated her developing hips, nicely rounded ass, and full breasts. Someday she would be a cow, but as a teen she had curves in all the right places. More importantly, she had a stunningly beautiful face with dark brown hair, great big brown eyes, full lips and high cheekbones.

I also noticed that there were two guys that had the hots for these girls and teased them endlessly, much to the girl's enjoyment. Jeremy looked like wrestler at about 150. Scott was tall and lanky. I doubted seriously that they had been treated to any juicy goodies but it was obvious that they often sported a hard-on from playing grab-ass in the pool. 

Watching them from the guard stand gave made me horny as hell. I was curious to see if there was a way I could tap into Megan's and Rachel's goodies. I blew my whistle during some horseplay and motioned Amy and Emily over to the stand.

"You girls are causing trouble. I want you to go to the pump room and stay there until I tell you to come out."

"Anything you say, master." 

They ran off giggling, knowing full well what was in store. The pump house was notorious as a passion pit for the lifeguards. It was out behind the pool with the door in back. There were two old cum stained mattresses on the floor among the noisy filters and pumps. 

Emily and Amy were waiting when I arrived. I asked them to bring Megan and Rachael over to my house the next day. They looked at each other with a frown.

"I don't know. They aren't like us. Megan doesn't go out with boys and Rachael's kind of a prude."

"Just get them there. I'll do the rest."

Emily shrugged and said she would try. That being done I needed an immediate fix to the bulge that had grown in my swimsuit.

"Good. Now who wants to sit on my face and who wants to suck my cock?"

"Do me," replied Amy as she quickly stripped off her bikini bottom. 

I peeled my suit off and lay down on the mattress. She squatted over my head and lowered her cunt to my face. My tongue tasted her flowing juices as it dipped into her tasty plum. She squirmed and mashed her pussy against my mouth and moaned with pleasure. 

I felt Emily wrap her lips around my cock. She swirled my swelling meat in her mouth and massaging my balls with her hand. Soon all throbbing hard eight inches were buried deep between her lips as she expertly worked me over with her tongue and throat muscles. My mouth stayed clamped over Amy's pussy sucking her juices, probing her steamy hole and licking her protruding clit.

Emily ripped off her bikini bottoms and positioned her pussy over my hard shaft. Amy leaned forward to grab my cock and guide it to Emily's juicy peach. Emily lowered herself until the tip was wedged between her pussy lips. She rotated her cunt onto me until I was all the way inside her. Then she leaned back on her arms with her legs spread wide and slowly began to fuck me.

Amy had a bird's eye view of my cock sliding in and out of Emily's cunt right in front of her face. She leaned forward further so she could lick my slimy shaft as it moved in and out of Emily's tight pussy. My face remained buried between her legs and clamped over her swollen cunt.

Emily moved up and down my length, pausing on each down stroke as Amy licked the base of my cock where it disappeared into Emily's cunt. After a few minutes it seemed as though Amy was licking more of Emily's cunt and less of my cock. Occasionally she would pull it out completely and suck it clean of Emily's juices before shoving it back into her dripping pussy. Emily was screaming and moaning from the feel of my cock deep inside her and Amy's tongue against her pussy and clit. 

"Yes... oh my god... aaaahhhhh... oh god yes... it feels so good... oooohhhhh... fuck me... aaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

I continued slurping away on Amy's pussy using both my fingers and mouth. Occasionally I would run my tongue across her asshole while fingering her pussy. That usually evoked a loud moan. She didn't resist a bit when I worked a finger up her butt. She adjusted quickly and was soon grinding hard against it. I tried pushing a second finger in her. She only hesitated briefly as I worked it in the her tight opening. Her asshole quickly relaxed and sucked it all the way in. 

I lost track of what was happening on my cock, but the stimulation from Amy's tongue must have been too much for Emily. She shrieked and jerked wildly. I felt her cunt gush. Juices poured down my balls and across my pubes. Amy must have received a face full as well. I had read that there were girls who actually squirted when they came but I always though it was exaggerated. Emily was living proof.

"Amy, get on your knees. I'm going to fuck you from behind."

"You're not going to do me in the butt are you?"

"Not unless you want me to. I did Emily that way yesterday and she seemed to like it."

She looked over at Emily who smiled smugly and nodded.

"I don't know, but... well, okay. You can do me in the butt. If it hurts you gotta stop."

"Of course. Emily, why don't you get some baby oil from the guard shack? I'll just fuck Amy's pussy until you get back."

My cock slipped easily into Amy's searing cunt. I slammed my hard meat into her again and again. I reached under and squeezed her jiggling tits. Amy came quickly and continued to have one orgasm after another.

"AAAAAHHHHHHH... OOOOOOHHHHHH... FUCK ME... OOOOHHHHHH... OH GOD... EEEEEEIIIIIIIIIII..." 

I used every ounce of will power to hold back. I lubricated two fingers with the copious juices dripping from Amy's cunt and reinserted them up her ass. I twisted them around to open her wider as I fucked them in and out of her tight sphincter. 

Emily wasn't back yet, but Amy's ass was ready and I was going to pop any second. I pulled my dripping cock from her cunt, placed the tip against her anal opening and easily sunk the head two inches up her asshole. Amy tensed so I stopped to let her relax before I shoved deeper. 

Emily returned with the suntan oil and squirted some over my cock. I stuffed the last two inches of my throbbing meat into Amy's bowels. I slowly moved it in and out until she relaxed. Then I fucked her hard pounding my cock deep into her ass on each thrust. Her entire body was trembling.

"Ohhhhhh... oh my god... fuck my ass... aaaaahhhhh..."

Emily wanted to join the action. She stripped off her bottoms, got on all fours and shoved her ass into Amy's face. Amy's mouth and tongue munched aggressively on Emily's pussy. I reached around Amy and rubbed my fingers across her slimy pussy and clit


I couldn't hold back any longer. My balls swelled and I heard myself grunt as I buried my cock hard into Amy's dark tunnel. I sprayed a hot stream of cum deep into her bowels. I kept gushing as stream after stream of thick cream pumped into Amy asshole. 

I was still pumping cum into her ass when Amy cried out with orgasm. I could feel her asshole clench my cock each time she jerked her body. Emily had pulled away from Amy's mouth and was getting off on two fingers she pumped in and out of her cunt. 

"God, that was incredible. I can't believe how good it feels doing it in my ass. And your cum makes me feel all warm inside."

Emily lifted her ass in the air and looked back at me.

"Please do me now... in the ass."

"Naw, I gotta get back... come by tonight."

"Please..." she begged.

I pulled on my trunks and left. Amy and Emily stayed behind and came out about 30 minutes later. I could only speculate at what they did, but I'm sure Emily's itch got well scratched.

Emily stopped by that night to get the ass fucking I'd promised her and told me things were all set up with Megan and Rachael for the next afternoon. As a reward I told her to remove her shorts and panties and lie on the kitchen table so I could eat her pussy. She came all over my face when I started pumping my finger in and out of her ass while my tongue flicked over her clit. 

I pulled her ass over the side, draped her legs over my shoulders and shoved my cock up her tight little pussy. I pinched her titties hard, and then rubbed her swollen clit until she came again. I pulled out, pushed her legs back by her shoulders and rubbed a stick of butted across her tight little nub. I placed my slimy cock against her asshole and pressed hard until my head popped through. 

I worked all eight inches up her dark passage and fucked her hard and fast. I shoved two fingers back up her cunt as I continued to pound her ass. Emily came quickly and sprayed cunt juice all over me. I was right behind her. My cock swelled and blasted a large quantity of thick cum into her tight ass. I could feel her actually milking me as I pumped rivers of seed into her. 

In only twenty minutes from when she arrived, Emily walked out the door with a full load of cum seeping from her ass into her panties.

Chapter 7

True to form, Amy and Emily showed up the next day with Megan and Rachael. I was surprised to see Scott and Jeremy with them but I didn't say anything. I took them downstairs to the family room. A tape of sexy music videos was playing on the 52" surround sound TV. A pool table, video games and a dartboard were in the corner.

"Glad you could come. I wanted to do a little something for my favorite kids at the pool. Help yourself to anything."

The boys headed to the pool table. I motioned for Emily and Amy to follow and show them a good time. Rachael, Megan and I chugged down a quick beer and started dancing. After the second song, body parts started touching, lightly at first and then more aggressively, particularly with Megan. 

Rachael said she was thirsty. She grabbed another beer and sat on the couch leaving Megan and me to dance. I was beginning to work up a pretty good sweat so I pulled off my shirt. Megan was on automatic and could have gone forever. I could feel my cock twitch when she gazed at me with those sexy green eyes framed by her fire red hair. She just looked like she was brimming with passion.

I looked over at the pool table and noticed that Amy and Emily were giving the boys a good workout. Amy was sitting on the side of the pool table and had guided Jeremy's mouth to her naked tits. Scott and Emily were kissing against the wall while she rubbed his cock through his shorts. 

Shamelessly, Emily dropped to a squatting position, pulled Scott's cock from his shorts and started sucking on it in plain sight of anyone who was looking. I had to believe Megan saw it, but Rachael had her back to the action. She was on her third beer.


We became a lot more aggressive in our dancing. When Megan straddled my thigh, I put my hand on the small of her back and pulled her lips to mine. She kissed me back. She was inexperienced, but it didn't take long for her to get the rhythm, and soon her tongue was swirling in my mouth. She put her arms around my neck. Our bodies pressed together. I could feel the searing heat from her pussy on my upper thigh. 

We had stopped moving our feet and were standing in the middle of the floor in a heavy make-out session grinding to the rhythms of the music. I cupped her ass with my hands and shifted until my hard cock pressed against her pussy. I started moving in slow gyrations and used my hands to move her ass with me. Soon we were standing there shamelessly dry humping while gnawing on each other's faces.

Megan was on fire. I decided to see how far this would go. I took one of her hands and, pulling away slightly, I placed it gently against the hard bulge in my shorts.

"Feel that? You did that. You made me get hard."

Megan broke the kiss and stared into my eyes with a look of lust. She slowly moved her hand. I detected a light squeeze.

"Would you like to put your hand on it?"

She nodded her head. I guided her hand inside my shorts and wrapped her fingers around my throbbing shaft. I helped her slowly stroke me up and down, and then removed my hand from hers.

"Just keep moving your hand up and down... that's it. That feels really good, Megan."

I put my hand behind her neck and pulled her lips back to mine. We continued our passionate kiss while she pumped my cock with her hand. I opened my eyes and noticed that Rachael, now on her third beer, was staring over the back of the couch at the scene by the pool table. 

Scott had just cum in Emily's mouth. After wiping the dibble from her lips, Emily peeled off her shorts and undies, sat on the edge of the pool table and guided Scott's face to her juicy pussy. Amy was on her knees behind the pool table sucking Jeremy's cock.

I kissed Megan along her neck and up to her ear, shoving my tongue in it. I shoved my hand down the back of her shorts and over her panties. My fingertips moved between her legs and felt the heat and dampness from her pussy. As I pressed my fingers against her virgin cunt, Megan responded by tilting her ass back to me. Her thin cotton panties were getting drenched. 

Megan was breathing hard and thrusting back into my fingers. I slipped two fingers under the elastic and found the folds of her steamy cunt, quickly dipping my fingers inside. She was really getting worked up, gasping and moaning as I rubbed my fingers over her slippery pussy and clit. I pulled my fingers out before she came and led her in a daze over to the couch. 

I sat down on the couch and yanked down her baggy shorts. Megan stepped out of them and straddled me with her knees. We kissed. I pulled her panties to the side until I could slip two fingers into her steamy cunt. With my other hand I pulled my cock out of my shorts. She was bouncing up and down on my fingers and barely noticed as I pulled her closer and positioned the swollen tip of my meat where my probing fingers entered her body. 

Barely missing a beat, I removed my fingers and replaced them with my cock. The next time she pushed down against me the head popped inside her. She let out a little shriek, but continued to sink lower on my shaft. I grabbed her ass to guide her movements as my cock kept inching deeper inside her. I expected to hit her cherry, but my cock just kept burrowing deeper and deeper into her tight pussy until I hit bottom. 

Megan went crazy and began fucking me hard and fast. She rose up and slammed down on my entire eight inches, digging her fingers into my shoulders and screaming out loudly on each thrust. Her pussy gripped me like a glove, milking me to the verge of orgasm. 

I didn't want to cum inside her, but her pussy was so hot and tight that it happened before I was ready. The first blast sprayed against her cunt walls as she was slamming down on me. I quickly pulled out just as the second blast splashed across her pussy and clit. 

Megan wanted more. She grabbed my spewing meat and shoved it back up her cunt. Her tight pussy kept me hard as she recklessly fucked me. Megan was going crazy, screaming each time she slammed her pussy down on my cock. I rolled her over on the couch and climbed on top. I ripped off her cum soaked panties and prepared to shove my cock back in her pussy.

I had forgotten about Rachael who had been sitting next to us and was quite drunk. We ended up in her lap. I had one knee on the couch and one foot on the floor. I gazed down at her puffy little pussy that swelled from between her legs like a juicy peach. Her glistening pink cunt lips poked out from a thin strip of bright red curls. 

Megan's head was on the armrest and her body resting in Rachael's lap. One of Megan's legs was on the back of the couch behind Rachael's head. The other was raised in the air with the knee bent. I positioned my throbbing meat at the entrance to her boiling cunt and pushed.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

Megan cried out with pleasure as my cock buried itself deep in her belly. I pounded it into her tight pussy again and again. Rachael's eyes were glued to my glistening rod as it slammed in and out of Megan's dripping pussy. 

Megan's eyes were shut. She had a firm grip on my upper arm with one hand and on Rachael's forearm with the other. She was gasping and moaning in muffled shrieks as my cock continued to pound tight pussy. I couldn't tell whether Megan was in a steady state orgasm or was building to a giant one, or both. I figured I'd find out soon enough. 

It was time to bring Rachael into the act. I reached out and stroked one of her large tits through the white halter she was wearing. She looked up at me with glazed eyes and shook her head no, pushing my hand away. I leaned forward, kissed her neck and then put my hand back on her tit. This time she didn't stop me. 

I moved my hand to her other tit and pinched her nipple while stroking her well-formed gland. She moaned a weak "no", but didn't really mean it so I continued my exploration. I put my hand inside her halter and bra. She kept moving her eyes between my cock thrusting into Megan's pussy and my face. 

"No... please... don't... oh god." 

I kissed her on the mouth and forced my tongue between her lips. Then I pushed her bra and halter up above her tits until they hung full and naked from her chest. I rubbed my fingers back and forth across the hard little erasers at the tips of her nipples. She moaned a muffled "uh-uh" but didn't pull away from the kiss. I wasn't sure what kind of a game we were playing, but I was sure she didn't want it to stop.

Megan was thrashing around below us as my cock hammered away at her cunt. I pulled away from my kiss with Rachael and stared into her eyes while pinching her nipple. She looked back at me with glazed eyes still slowly shaking her head no but making no effort to stop me. Her eyes dropped back down to watch my swollen meat pull all the way out until she could see the rim of my cock-head. I quickly shoved all eight inches back up Megan's cunt.

Rachael was in a trance and hardly noticed when I guided her hand to my glistening cock. I coiled her fingers around my slippery shaft and moved her hand back and forth so that she was jerking me off while the tip of my cock was still inside Megan. After a few strokes I let go. Rachael continued stroking me on her own, her eyes glued to what she was doing. 

Megan moved her hand down to her pussy and began rubbing her clit. I moved the head of my cock in and out of her cunt lips, rubbing the tip against her fingers and clit on each stroke. Her gasps were getting faster and faster and I could sense she was building up to the big one. 

"Oh god... oh god... AAAAAAAHHHHHH... EEEEEEEEEEEEE..."

Megan began thrashing, clawing and screaming so loud I was sure the neighbors could hear. She lifted her ass completely off the couch as my cock kept slipping in and out of her. Rachael didn't let go and soon her whole hand and my cock and balls were dripping with cunt juice that poured from Megan's quivering pussy.

Megan finally stopped moving. She just lay there with her eyes closed breathing hard. I was pretty close to another cum and was determined that Rachael would finish me. I put my hand over hers as I extracted my cock from Megan's cunt. I helped Rachael stroke me faster and faster. I let go while she continued. She was staring wide-eyed at my throbbing meat with its engorged purple head pointing up at her. She moved her face closer to get a better look. 

That turned out to be a mistake because just then I erupted with a huge stream of thick cum that splashed off her cheek and nose, across her forehead and into her hair. I put my hand on the back of her neck and pushed her face down. Her closed lips met the tip of my cock as a second blast of cum erupted across her mouth and along the side of her cheek, ending up in her ear. 
