 Disclaimer: All individuals in this work of fiction are above the age of 18 years.

This was meant as a two parter but I decided to submit as one piece. Hope you like it, please comment if you do and even if you don't but try to be constructive :) 

*

I stood in awe of the beautiful rustic building before me. I paid the cab and got my suitcase out of the trunk. It wasn't my first time in Italy, but it was my first time here alone. At only nineteen, it took months to convince my parents to let their "baby girl" go off for a month to Europe, all by herself. My aunt on my mother's side offered me the opportunity to housesit her villa for the summer while she went on a series of business conferences stateside. I was ecstatic the moment she asked, but even more so, a couple months later when my parents finally agreed. Now I was finally here, in this amazing foreign country for a month, I could hardly contain my excitement. 

I struggled to pull my suitcase along the cobble stone street. I made my way in past the iron gate and into the complex where my aunt's villa was housed. The narrow echoing hallway was just as I remembered when I visited as a child, many years ago. I made my way to the elevator and up to the third floor. I fished the house keys my aunt mailed me out of my purse and held a breath as I inserted it into the door. The door swung open and I was at ease. Locking the door behind me I immediately called my folks back home as I was instructed to do. I gave them the all clear, telling them I had arrived safely, problem free. I rolled my suitcase along the dark hardwood floor into the guest bedroom. The first thing I did was to pull the curtains, letting the wonderfully beaming sunlight fill the room. Deciding to unpack later, I left my suitcase on the bed and went on to explore the villa. 

Everything was as I remembered, a lovely quaint villa, cute kitchen and living room with a patio balcony and bedrooms on either side. I walked up to the kitchen counter where I found a bottle of red wine and a note attached,

"My darling Bella, a little welcoming present for you! There's groceries in the fridge and cupboard but it'll probably only last a week, there's a market down the street and restaurants all over. Don't forget to water the plants on the balcony. Make yourself at home, have fun and be safe. See you when I get back. Love Aunt Elena."

I smiled and placed the note down. I just relaxed the rest of the day, getting over my jetlag. For dinner I made myself a sandwich and opened my welcoming present and had a glass. I was asleep pretty early, leading to my waking up also pretty early. While the coffee was brewing I walked out onto the balcony with the watering can. I was greeted by a stunningly beautiful woman in the villa across the way having a cigarette. Our balconies were right opposite each other. She smiled at me and I in turn did the same. She looked to be in her mid-twenties, long flowing brunette hair like mine. Her frame was petite but still bigger than mines. Her breasts were definitely bigger evidenced by the view she was offering, dressed only in a light robe which just barely hung on her body.

"You bought from Elena?" the woman asked, her voice sweet but commanding , her Italian accent making her English sound exotic. 

"Oh no, Elena's my aunt, I'm house sitting for the summer," I replied.

The woman nodded and introduced herself, "I'm Daniele, pleasure to meet you."

"Isabella, Isabella Hale, nice to meet you too," I replied.

"Ahhhh Bella! What a pretty name. I hope to see more of you while you're here, maybe we can hang out sometime."

I smiled and watched as Daniele pressed her cigarette into an ashtray and walked back into her villa. I finished watering the potted plants on the balcony and went back to the kitchen. I had a slice of toast with my coffee then set off to unpack my clothes. After what seemed an endless task, I finally zipped up my empty suitcase and slid it under my bed. I decided to go for a walk so I changed into a white summer dress with a pink flower print and made my way downstairs. I walked out the gate and down the street, past some local vendors and restaurants. I saw the market my aunt had mentioned, it was actually very close to the villa. The streets were filled with activity, the town, being close to the beach, attracted lots of tourists. I finally made it down to the shore and leaned against the bannister overlooking the water. There were stairs that led down to the beach which was well occupied. The first thing that caught my eye was that some of the beachgoers were completely naked. For a young girl who'd never experienced anything like that, it was quite a shock; I think I might have even been blushing. 

I made my way back towards the villa, stopping in a restaurant for lunch. When I got back to the gate, I was greeted by Daniele also heading in. She was shrouded in a white beach towel that she hugged around her body, from her neck to her hips, and she wasn't alone. Stood beside her was a slender but very masculine man. He also looked to be in his mid-twenties and he was a sight to behold. I could tell they had just gotten back from the beach, water was tricking down their bodies. My eyes immediately focused on the man's body, his bare chest was flat and chiseled. He wore speedos which left little to my imagination; I could clearly see the outline of his penis through his damp swimwear. 

"Bella! Nice to see you again," Daniele greeted, "This is my Marco, Marco this is the girl I told you about," she introduced. 

I smiled at the man and watched as he leaned in and kissed me on both cheeks,

"Hello dear, very nice to meet you," he greeted; his voice was deep and just as exotic as Daniele's.

I could do nothing but smile and blush. 

"Ohh Bella, the water is so cool and soothing, you should join us next time," Daniele exalted. 

"I would love to," I shyly replied.

"We better go get changed, Ciao Bella," Daniele said as she waved goodbye. 

We headed in different directions to our respective villas.

When I turned to close the gate I noticed Marco and Daniele walking away. Her towel was pulled so high I could see her bare ass, and Marco's hands groping her cheeks. I felt myself suddenly become flush. I closed the gate and went up to the villa. After browsing the internet for a while I settled on the couch with my book. The rest of the day was pretty uneventful; I had dinner, called my folks and watched some television. The next morning I was out on the balcony having my coffee when Daniele came out,

"Morning Bella! Are you coming out to the beach with us today?" she greeted.

"Hey Daniele, I'd love to, what time?" I replied.

"Ohhh I don't know, how about around noon?"

"Sure, I'll meet you downstairs at 12 then," I confirmed. 

The morning flew by and soon I found myself putting on my swimsuit in my room. It was a navy blue one-piece that clung to my body; I was never one for the risqué. I gave myself a once over in the mirror, bundled my long brunette hair into a ponytail, grabbed my towel and headed downstairs. Marco and Daniele were waiting at the gate. Marco was dressed in his speedos but it was Daniele that floored me. The bikini she wore was stunning, and extremely skimpy. The light blue cups of her bikini top were barley existent and did little to contain her c-cups. Her white bikini bottoms were just as scarce, a thin triangle layer over her vagina and that was it. It was strange, but for some reason, I was the one feeling embarrassed wearing the one-piece. We made our way down to the beach, getting to know each other. Marco led the way down the stairs giving me a view of his toned ass encased in his speedos, it looked perfectly round and firm. We spread out our towels on the sand, anchoring them with our flip-flops then went into the water. 

The warm summer sun beating down felt wonderful as we splashed about in the cool waters. Eventually we had gathered in a circle in the shallow waters chatting.

"So Bella, you must be very mature for your age for your parents to let you stay all by yourself," Marco commented.

"Well, I think I'm very responsible, so my parents trusted that I would be alright on my own, but as far as mature for my age, I don't think I am, at least not in all aspects of my life." I tried to explain. 

After a few more meaningful questions by all parties, I decided to go take in the sun on the sand.

"Okay Bella, we'll be out in a couple minutes," Daniele replied after I told I was headed for the sand.

I made my way over to our towels and laid down. I cast my gaze back to my new friends and saw them coupled together. They were kissing each other, their bodies pressed against one another. I didn't mean to stare but I couldn't look away. After a while they both headed towards me. I immediately noticed Marco's crotch, he was hard! I tried to not stare but it was so obvious, and Marco, almost proud, did nothing to hide his arching cock, bulging against his swimsuit. He lay down next to me and we both watched as Daniele reached behind her and untied her bikini top. I was astounded at her brazenness and at the same time excited at the sight. As she nonchalantly removed the wet top, her breasts stood out proudly. Her skin was almost golden, shining in the sun, smooth and bare, obviously without tan lines. The water had her dark rosy nipples erect, it was beautiful. Daniele lay down on her towel which was a little way from mine and Marco's. I glanced over to Marco, who was focused on my stare,

"Mmm, Bella, you seemed to be intrigued," he said.

I was flustered,

"Uhh, it's just new to me; we don't really have that kinda stuff where I come from."

"Ahhh, well it's not as taboo as you might think, in fact, it's quite the norm, maybe you should try sometime," he said with a smile, casting his gaze up and down my body.

"Oh I could never! I don't think I have it in me to be that brave," I protested. 

"Aww Bella, give yourself time, you'll be surprised at what you're capable of." 

We continued chatting until Daniele said she was hungry. We gathered up our stuff and went to a beachside restaurant for lunch. After eating we headed back to the villas. The couple and I parted ways once again at the gates. I had a quick shower and plopped down on the couch with my book. I had only read half a chapter when I was disturbed by a strange noise emanating from the balcony. It was some kind of moaning. I tried to ignore it but the moans grew louder. I walked over to the balcony opening and peered through the curtains, which were pulled closed. Through the slender opening in the curtain I could see past my balcony over to Daniele's and Marco's and into their villa. What I saw, took my breath away. I was looking at the back of their couch. Daniele was propped up on the couch kneeling, resting her elbows on the couch's back. I could only see the top half of her body but I could tell she was naked. Behind was Marco, also nude, pumping into her over and over again. Daniele kicked her head back as Marco continued, and then came the familiar moans. The brunette groaned in pleasure as he lover fucked her. 

I was dumbfounded; these were the same people I was just hanging out with, now here they are fucking right before my eyes. I watched with bated breath as Daniele's cried louder and louder, I could tell she was cumming. Then, Marco began groaning. Soon it was all over. They had disappeared from my sight, collapsing onto the couch. I walked away from the curtain in disbelief. I tried to get back to my book but I couldn't get the thoughts out of my mind. The memories followed me all the way to nighttime as I tried to fall asleep, but my head was filled with the erotic images of my neighbors fucking. My hand travelled down my body between my legs. Even over my nightgown, I could feel how damp my panties were. After a few minutes of tossing and turning, I could no longer ignore my urges. I pulled my nightgown over my head, dropping it to the carpeted floor beside my bed. My white cotton panties were now the only thing on me. They were soon disposed of, joining my nightgown on the floor. I immediately began to trace my hand over my breasts, then began cupping and massaging them. I moaned as I pinched my erect nipples. I moved my free hand down across my quivering stomach. As I reached my pelvis, my legs naturally spread open. I softly ran my index and middle fingers through my pubic hair and over my swollen pussy lips. They were already wet, my sex oozing. I pressed my fingers between my lips and drug them up, gliding them across my hard clit. I began to rub, slowly at first then vigorously, alternating my pace, trying to drag out my orgasm as long as I could. I squeezed my breasts hard while simultaneously plunging two fingers into my vagina, pumping in and out of my tight opening. After a few seconds I returned my hand to massaging my clit. Soon I was screaming, tugging tightly on my nipple as a thunderous orgasm blew through me. I rested my butt back down on the bed which had risen as I arched my body when my orgasm hit. I pulled my fingers up to my mouth, sucking on my juices, as I felt my pussy still convulsing, my other had still clutching tightly to my breast. A soothing calm soon overcame me and I was now able to fall asleep with ease. 

The next morning I awoke, sprawled out naked on the bed. I got dressed and made breakfast. Heading to the balcony with my toast and coffee I was pleasantly surprised to see Marco and Daniele having breakfast on their balcony. They were sat in the same chair, Daniele sitting on Marco's lap.

"Morning guys," I greeted.

"Morning Bella, good night rest?" Daniele asked.

I sighed with relief, "Actually, yes, very good in fact."

They both smiled at me.

"We're going down to the beach again if you want to join us," Marco invited.

"Sure thing," I beamed. 

We sat and chatted, having our breakfast. Before we left with our dishes, a sudden flash of bravery overcame me,

"Umm. . .Daniele, I have something to ask but I'm sort of embarrassed."

"Aww Bella, please go ahead, don't' be shy," Daniele encouraged.

"Well, do you think I could borrow one of your swimsuits? Mine feels so childish, I really feel out of place on the beach," I confessed.

Marco and Daniele smiled at each other. 

"Aww Marco, our Bella wants to feel like a woman," she commented before looking over to me "Of course you can sweetie, why don't you come over right now so you can try some on."

It felt weird and strangely exciting having Daniele refer to me as theirs. 

"Ohh no, I didn't mean right now, I don't want to interrupt or impose," I protested.

"Of course not Bella, we insist," Marco piped in.

"Okay then, I'll be over in a minute."

I nervously made my way downstairs and across the street to Daniele's and Marco's villa. I knocked on the door and Marco answered.

"Welcome Bella, please come in, Dani is in the bedroom waiting for you," the handsome Italian said, pointing to the bedroom to the left of the villa. I smiled at Marco and walked into the bedroom where Daniele was laying out various swimsuits on the bed.  

"So, do you see any that you like?" she greeted.

I looked over the garments strewn across the bed, all different colors and all very skimpy. I finally decided on a red number, picking up the matching set.

"Oooo great! Let's go try it on," Daniele excitedly said grabbing me by the arm and pulling me towards the mirror. I tried to protest as Daniele began unbuttoning my white linen shirt but she was having none of it,

"Oh Bella, don't be shy, we're both women," she stated, going right ahead undoing my shirt, then my white bra, revealing my petite b-cup breasts to her. I noticed my nipples were erect, a sign of my arousal, and that I was on some level enjoying what was happening. They weren't dark and rosy like Daniele's, but light and pink, with tiny goose bumps going round them. Daniele held the bikini top up to my chests, placing the cups over my breasts and tying the knot behind me. I looked at myself in the mirror, the red material covered my nipples and a little of my breasts. It was very much see-through, and I could clearly see my hardened nipples through it. Daniele smiled at me then began unbuttoning my jean shorts. In one swift motion she pulled them down my legs along with my white cotton panties, revealing my pubic mound. I was taken aback when Daniele placed her palm over my pussy, sliding her hand through my pubic hair. Daniele chuckled,

"Bella, this will not do. You need to be shaven to wear these types of outfits."

I looked at her encouraging eyes in disbelief.

"I've never," I began to say before she cut me off.

"Don't worry Bella, it's no big deal, I'll do it for you, come with me," she excitedly explained as she whisked me off into the adjoining bathroom. 

Daniele sat me down on the edge of the tub and turned to the sink where she turned on the water. She wet her hands then quickly passed her hands over my pussy. The water was warm and soothing. She then reached over to the corner of the tub grabbing a bottle of shaving gel. She squirted some of the pink gel into her palm then began to lather up my pubic region. I found myself opening my legs wider to allow her more access. I watched intently as Daniele retrieved a pink razor from the cupboard beneath the sink. Sitting between my legs, Daniele removed the razor from its packaging and proceeded to gently and expertly drag the blades down my pelvis. I was feeling more naked than I had ever felt before. A few more strokes and Daniele had removed almost all the hair above my slit, twisting her body to wash the blade every couple of strokes. Daniele then placed her hands on my inner thighs, prodding me to spread as wide as I could. She held onto the lips of my labia with her fingers as she carefully passed the razor along the edge, clearing away my dark curls. Doing the same to the other side, Daniele was soon patting my pussy with water. I looked down admiring my freshly shaven pussy, my lips were swollen and protruding. Daniele ran her fingers along my slit, smiling up at me as she did so. I blushed profusely then Daniele grabbed a towel and dried me off. I noticed a grin on her face. I peered down to see what she was looking at and was embarrassed to see that even though she had dried me, there was a trickle of creamy white liquid hidden in my folds. Then Daniele did something that astonished me, she stood up and leaned in, planting a kiss on my lips. It wasn't deep and passionate but sweet and innocent.

"Don't be embarrassed sweet Bella, it's perfectly normal," she comforted as she pulled her lips away from mine, "Come on, let's go finish trying on your bikini," she continued, grabbing my arm and pulling me back to the bedroom. 

Daniele placed me in front the mirror once more, where I was now able to admire the full beauty of my freshly shaven mound. She grabbed the red bikini bottom and knelt down before me. Daniele held the garment open and I stepped into it. She slowly pulled the scant material up my legs till she was standing face to face with me. She smiled at me as she reached behind, pulling the string back of the thong bikini up between my butt cheeks. Daniele then reached in front and tugged on the sheer material which had just gently lodged itself between my lips. When she was done, Daniele stepped away and we both looked at my body in the mirror.

"What do you think?" she asked.

"I don't know Daniele, you don't think it's too revealing?" I trembled as I observed my nipples clearly visible, the same as my pussy lips. 

"Don't be silly Bella, you look absolutely beautiful, you really have a body that suits it," Daniele replied. 

"Come on, let's go show Marco," she continued.

Before I had a chance to object, Daniele had dashed me out into the living room where Marco was sitting on the couch where I saw them fucking the day before.
