 Tate, Jessie, and Adam sat in the simple private courtyard behind Tate's townhouse. It was late summer, the evening air filled with the scent of barbecue from other yards, the sound of chirping crickets, and the sky was turning to twilight. All three of them were feeling the mellow effects of one too many glasses of wine. Tate's age was late thirties, while Jessie was early thirties and Adam was late twenties. They were an odd assortment of friends, but they enjoyed the time they spent there in Tate's backyard.

Jessie and Tate had met on a blind date three years prior, dated six months, and after the breakup had remained close friends. They still enjoyed the occasional fucking, when neither was involved with anyone else, and Tate was thinking tonight could be a good night for it. He imagined Jessie's full figure perched atop his cock, her hair plastered to her face as she rode him into the night. He looked over at Adam, who kept his eyes on Jessie, and Tate knew Adam was thinking the same thing. 

Adam had joined the friendship within the last year. He had moved into the townhouse across the street from Tate and one night, when Jessie came for dinner, she started a conversation with him in the street. Jessie was something else. She could make anyone feel accepted and that person would always want to be around her. She invited Adam inside for dinner and the two became a trio that night. 

No serious sexual moments had occurred for the three of them at the same time. Tate recalled one evening when, again, too much wine had been consumed and both he and Adam made out with Jessie. A little petting had led her to strip off her clothes and Adam fingered her to orgasm right on Tate's living room rug, but that was where it ended. Jessie had wanted more, though, and after Adam left, Jessie and Tate spent the evening with their bodies locked together. Adam confessed to Tate privately that he wanted Jessie terribly. She was all he thought of, but he wasn't sure how to go about getting her into his bed. 

That had been in January and now it was August. Tate saw that tonight would be a good night for Adam to get Jessie and he was going to help any way he could, as well as reap the benefits from a thankful Jessie. 

At that moment, Jessie fanned herself with her hands and wiped at a trickle of sweat that ran down her neck. "C'mon, guys, let's go back inside. It's too hot." She was wearing a tank top and shorts, her full breasts threatening to spill from the thin fabric. 

Tate looked at her from his perch on the rock wall framing his small garden. He was wearing unnecessary sunglasses; a pair of cutoff shorts and was shirtless and shoeless. "Jess, if you're so uncomfortable, take your clothes off. No one can see over the privacy fence." He took a pull from his beer. 

Jessie laughed lightly and looked over at Adam. He was sitting across from her at the glass-topped table, shirtless and in shorts just as Tate was. "What do you think, Adam? Should I strip?" 

Adam grinned shyly as his brown eyes softened with lust. To see Jessie naked again would be a beautiful thing. He looked over at Tate, whose perch was just on the other side of Jessie, and Tate smiled and nodded lightly. "Yea, Jess, take your clothes off. I won't mind." Jessie was a true sex kitten. Her full figure was an enhancement, she felt. She was sexy and she knew men thought so too. She loved showing off for the men in her life and did so not only to please them, but also to please herself. She was feeling rather horny, so she decided to go for it. She could tell by the outline in Tate's shorts he would be having her tonight and that was just fine. However, she also wanted Adam's cock to be buried inside her as she melted around him. If he wasn't about to make the first move, then Jessie supposed it was up to her. 

"Adam, help me with my zipper, okay?" Jessie said as she walked over to him. She stood in front of him, her breasts at eye level. 

With trembling fingers, Adam popped the snap on Jessie's shorts and as he was taking the zipper down, she pulled off her tank top and her tits hung free. Adam's breath caught at the sight of them so close to his face. She had big, round, soft breasts with large aureoles and tightly budded pink nipples. She smelled of musky perfume and a little sweat. It was very erotic. 

"Take my shorts off please." Jessie whispered, her hands on Adam's shoulders for balance. Adam slid the denim fabric over Jessie's full hips and down to her feet. She stood before him clad only in a pair of black cotton bikini panties. A bead of sweat trickled down the round curve of her belly and Adam leaned over to lick it off. Jessie's knees went to jelly. Adam might be young, something Jessie usually didn't look for in a man, but he was off to a good start. 

Adam looked into Jessie's blue eyes, searching for approval. Her hand in his hair was all the approval he needed as he lifted one of her tits in his hands and took the nipple into his mouth. His tongue flicked over the sensitive flesh, sending ripples of desire down to Jessie's center. Jessie purred contentedly and dug her fingers through the hair at the nape of Adam's neck. She pulled him away from her gently and, lowering to her knees, she caught his lips in a kiss. Their tongues danced together and Jessie could taste the salt from Adam's skin. 

Adam's hands roamed over Jessie's back, cupping her ass and pulling her closer to him. His hands traveled up and pulled the clip out of Jessie's hair, allowing her russet curls to fall to her shoulders. Their kiss deepened, and Adam pulled Jessie into his lap as his hands caressed her neck, her shoulders and her back. 

Moments later, the dusk to dawn light near the patio door flicked on, casting fluorescent light over Adam and Jess. Jessie lifted her head, her breath coming quickly as the low rumble of Tate's voice stated, "Adam, take the girl inside now."

Adam, staring at Jessie's mouth, said, "Huh?" He reached to capture her lips once more and as he did, Jessie emitted a moan low in her throat. But the kiss was cut short once again by Tate's voice. "Adam, take the girl inside and make her comfortable." Then Tate picked up Jessie's clothes and walked into the cool darkness of his house. 

"Come on." Jessie whispered as she slid off his lap. Adam watched her go, admiring her lightly tanned skin as she disappeared into the house. Not sure if he could walk, Adam stood, adjusting his erect cock in his pants.

The inside of the house was dark and cool. The quiet hum of the air conditioner was the only noise until Tate adjusted the cd player to play soft contemporary jazz. Adam knew the stereo was in the back of the house, but that Tate had wired speakers into every room. As he padded barefoot through the kitchen, Adam wondered where he would find Jessie. He was pleasantly surprised to find her on the floor in the living room, reclining against pillows. Around her, candles glowed and the scent of berries lifted through the room. She was completely naked and gently caressing her pussy. Her head was back against the sofa cushions, her eyes closed, her lips slightly parted. She was sexy and innocent at the same time. 

Adam felt his cock getting harder and harder as he stood there. Every instinct he had told him to turn her onto her belly and fuck her from behind, but he wouldn't follow through. He wanted to take his time with her. It didn't matter that he was twenty-eight and had been having sex since he was in his teens. Jessie was different than the other girls he had taken to bed. According to Tate, Jessie had had few partners in her life. Her lovers could be counted on one hand. But she knew what she was doing and had been an eager student in the bedroom. She could teach him things. Her body, her entire being, in fact, was made for sex. He wanted her to show him how to please and how to be pleasured. He unzipped his shorts and undressed completely. 

At the rustle of clothing, Jessie lifted her head, but kept stroking herself. "It's about time you got inside. Come over here." She lifted her head a bit and smiled at him. 

As he reclined on the floor next to her, Jessie took the finger she had been using to touch herself and slipped it into Adam's mouth. Adam groaned aloud at the salty, musky taste of her and sucked greedily at her finger. Jessie slid the digit from his mouth and positioned herself beneath Adam. The smattering of dark hair over his chest crinkled into her soft skin as Adam pressed his body to Jessie, taking her mouth with his and sliding his hand over her hip and ass cheek. 

Jessie rolled to spread her legs wide. Adam took the cue, his hand coming to rest between her thighs, searching out the hard little button at the top of her sex. His tongue worked in Jessie's mouth the way his finger worked her clit slowly, and surely. Adam felt he could have caressed her for hours, feeling her moist, soft folds as he kissed her lips and licked her mouth. But Jessie was ready and open to him. In moments her pussy was twitching, convulsing as she came. She arched her back, crying out with the wonder of her pleasure as Adam held her until her trembling subsided. 

Jessie lifted her head and smiled up at Adam. "Thank you," she whispered delicately. "That was amazing." 

"That was just a start, Jess." Adam said and began to kiss his way down her body, his mouth coming to rest at the lush delta between her thighs. More than anything, Jess would teach him control over his cock, to enjoy the delights of Jessie's body before giving in to his own. Adam's tongue searched out her swollen button and began lapping gently at it. Jessie's climax was longer in arriving this time and Adam made the most of it. As his fingers caressed her inner folds, Adam became aware of how tight Jessie's pussy really was. The thought of her wrapped around him like a silken glove hardened his cock to unbearable degrees, but he refused to give in just yet. 

His tongue circled her, and Jessie began moaning in delirious pleasure. Her back arched and seconds later, Adam felt her body convulse against his mouth. She was coming again and when she quieted down, he would take her. It was too much to bear. He needed to be in her to the hilt, to caress her with his cock, to spill inside her and release what had built up for so long. 

As Jessie's moans quieted to whimpers, and her body went limp, Adam slid up her body. Jessie whispered his name and it was enough to send him over the edge before he even entered her body. "Yes, Adam, fuck me. Fuck me slow." She cooed, looking him in the eye and kissing him deeply. 

He slowly slid inside, amazed at the resistance, yet trying to hold back to keep from hurting her. Still, as he fitted his cock inside, she gasped sharply. "Oh, Jess, did I hurt you?" He asked, stopping his movements. 

Jessie shook her head, and smiled up at him. "No, Adam, no. I'll be fine once you start moving again and I get used to you." 

Adam wasn't sure how true her words were, but with her wrapped around him, he couldn't hold out for long. Jessie wrapped her legs around his waist and he was a goner. Her soft moans and sighs, coupled with her silken depths were too much for him to bear. He began to thrust into her harder, deeper, and in moments he was coming. He announced it with a shout, his entire body shuddering in pleasure. Jessie, beneath him, coaxed him on, her hands working over his chest and his nipples, her mouth taking nips at his flesh. 

Adam collapsed onto Jessie, drawing her close to him as he rolled off her. "You ... thank you. Wow." He panted, eyes closed, kissing her neck and wrapping her in his arms. 

"Thank you." Jessie grinned before rolling to the opposite side and against Tate's waiting body. 

Adam opened his eyes, to find the reason for Jessie's absence. She was already astride Tate, the same tight box that had just enveloped Adam sliding down over Tate's rock hard cock. Adam stared in surprise at the pair; amazed Jessie could take a second lover so soon after him. He wondered, too, when Tate had joined them on the floor 

Tate and Jessie both looked over at Adam. His cock was already beginning to harden again. The sight of Jessie coupling with Tate moments after he had taken her sent a wave of desire over Adam he had never before experienced. "Don't worry, Adam, I'll be back." Jessie said before Tate rolled her onto her back. 

Tate began thrusting slowly into Jessie, murmuring endearing words to her that Adam couldn't make out. He watched as Jessie slid her legs around Tate's hips, the silver of her anklet glinting in the candle glow. Adam really concentrated on Jessie's body as he watched her being fucked by his closest friend. He had known Jess and Tate were on and off lovers, and now he knew why. Jessie's body was soft and warm, tight and silken. Her hips were full, her ass rounded and soft. Her skin was lightly tanned from days spent in the solitude of Tate's backyard and her toes were painted a shimmery pink. Jessie was the girl next door and the slut at the end of the bar rolled into one. His heart beat faster and his cock grew solid again as Jessie began to pant and moan her pleasure. The sound of her voice alone would make him grow hard from this day forward. A simple hello would have him ache for her skin on his. 

Because he was so familiar with her body, Tate could last inside Jessie longer than Adam could ever dream. He watched the lovers in fascination as they rocked back and forth, as they kissed and as they moaned their own pleasure. After a length of time, Tate's body began to tense and Adam knew the end was near. With a grunt and a curse, Tate's strokes grew faster, faster and then with two, three, four pushes, he collapsed in Jessie's arms. 

Adam watched as Tate whispered to her, stroked her hair, and kissed her face, gently taking her lips with his. The night wasn't over. It was just beginning.