 As Christian rode on the train to his Uncle Demetri's farm, he gazed at the landscape passing by and tried to imagine what the next four months of his life were going to be like. Uncle Demetri technically wasn't his uncle at all; rather, he was the brother of his newly acquired step-father and hence not connected to Christian by blood at all. However, out of respect and due to his placating nature, he had already resolved to use the name unless otherwise requested. Christian had just finished his last year of high school, and was heading out to the farm to earn some much-needed cash to finance his post-secondary education. He wasn't entirely sure what he wanted to do with his life, but ironically he was pretty sure that it wasn't some sort of physical labour. His mom had suggested that he try his hand at manual labour as the money would be decent, and the life experience would help to round him out.

Christian reasoned that his time on the farm would be a welcome change from the city life that he had known for his entire life, and he also looked forward to the physical challenges that he would be confronted with. While he was not an athlete, Christian enjoyed keeping his body in good shape via daily activities that he did for fun, such as swimming and jogging. The result of this was a toned, lean, masculine form that made him feel good about himself and that got him a relatively frequent elongated glance from the fairer sex. He reasoned that his bright, blue eyes, stylish shaggy locks, and fairly handsome facial features helped, too, but knew that the fit body was a helpful icing on the cake. 

After drifting off to sleep for awhile, Christian awoke to find that he was nearly at his destination. Fifteen minutes later he had collected his bags, disembarked from the train, and was now looking for a big, burly man in dirty overalls whom he'd been assured would stand out like a sore thumb. Seeing no one fitting that description, Christian just leaned up against a wall and waited. Eventually the platform cleared, save one or two stragglers and a young man of about Christian's age dressed in dirty overalls. The pair made eye contact and, sensing that this fellow would know where he was supposed to go, Christian began walking towards him. His target commenced to do the same, and the pair met at the halfway point between them.

"Hi there. Are you Christian, by chance?" the other guy asked.

"Yeah...are you from the Distant Acres farm?" Christian replied.

"Yep, my name's Dustin and I'm supposed to pick you up. Demetri had been planning to come himself, but he got held up with something."

The pair walked to the parking lot of the train station and chatted along the way. It turned out that Dustin had just finished high school as well and had been working on the farm for as many summers as he could remember. He, too, was staying there, as his family lived about an hour away. Christian didn't find it hard to believe that this fellow had been a farm hand for some time now, from his clearly muscled arms and chest, and the leanness of his body. His hair was a dirty blond colour, his eyes were a bright blue, and his tanned complexion was completely covered in light freckles. While Christian didn't think much of it at the time, he was aware that Dustin was quite an attractive guy. 

By the time the boys reached their destination, they were laughing and joking together as if they had been friends forever. It turned out that they had many things in common, from their tastes in music and movies, to their senses of humour, to their choices in things to do for fun. Christian figured that even if the farming life wasn't for him, he'd still have a blast hanging out with his new friend over the summer. As it was nearing sundown, the majority of the farmhands were congregating near the small line of parked vehicles in front of the farmhouse. As Christian and Dustin approached them, a man who could only have been Uncle Demetri stepped forward and picked Christian up in a bear hug.

"So you must be Christian, eh?" Demetri bellowed with a hearty laugh. "Welcome to the farm...and the family!"

"Err...thanks!" Christian replied after a moment, taken off guard and somewhat shaken by the friendly attack of the behemoth before him. "I'm really happy to be here."

"Good to hear, good to hear. My little brother has told me a lot about you, and I think that you'll fit in just fine around here. Now let me introduce you to the fellows that you'll be working with..."

After a round of introductions, Demetri took Christian on a brief tour around the property, for which Dustin decided to come along. Dustin also found that he like this Christian kid, and he had a sense that this summer was going to be a lot more fun than his previous ones, as enjoyable as they had been. As the tour continued, Dustin snickered to himself that Christian still had yet to see the very best part...

As the trio came back up to the farmhouse, Demetri concluded by explaining that Christian would have an opportunity to try out just about every job that the farm had to offer, and that he'd basically be paired up with Dustin, who would show him the ropes. Happy with this news, Christian headed into the house to get cleaned up for dinner while Demetri and Dustin closed up the barn and put the tractor away.

Knocking on the door, Christian heard a sweet "come in", and went inside. Walking into the kitchen, he suddenly stopped dead in his tracks as he saw the most beautiful girl that he had ever seen in his entire life, leaning over the kitchen table and facing him as she chopped up some carrots. Her longish, golden hair framed her face, having a bit of a curl that gave her somewhat of a tousled, wild look, something that was augmented by her piercing, green eyes. In contrast to this, however, were her dazzling, friendly smile and a smattering of freckles across her nose, contrasted lightly against her lightly tanned skin. Past her long, sensuous neck, Christian stopped and gawked at her big tits, of which he had a perfect view due to her bent forward position. Clad only in a black bra and an old work shirt that had been tied above her perfectly toned midriff, they seemed to beg for Christian to just reach out and fondle and suck them. 

Desperate to tear his gaze away from the luscious beauty before him and not make more of an ass of himself, Christian reflexively moved his eyes to something that he saw moving out of the corner of his eye. Expecting to be relieved of his gawking, he was pleasantly incorrect as his eyes focused on a tight, juicy denim-shorts-clad ass sitting atop a pair of perfect, tanned legs that went on forever. After staring for what felt like an eternity but probably only lasted for a split-second, he saw the figure stand up and turn around and face him, giving his senses an even larger shock: the girls were twins. As the second girl waved at Christian and said 'hi', he noticed that the two of them were identical in every single way, from the wave of their hair, to the freckles on their noses and cheeks, to the exquisite size of their tits, to the ample flare of their hips; indeed, at that moment Christian truly could have died and gone to heaven.

"Umm, hi," Christian managed to get out weakly as all of these thoughts rushed through his head.

"You must be Christian," said Number One. "My name is Tiffany, and this is Julie...I guess we're your step-cousins!"

"Yeah, I guess so," Christian replied still in a daze. "It's really nice to meet you both...um, your dad said that I should get cleaned up?"

"Oh, sure," Tiffany answered. "The washroom is just down that hall on your left."

"Thanks a lot," Christian replied as he headed in that direction, smiling at the pair as he walked in the direction Tiffany had mentioned.

As Christian walked down the hall, he heard the front door open again and his uncle yell out a hello to his girls. Leaving the washroom door open, Christian began to wash his hands as he thought about the gorgeous girls that he was going to be spending an entire summer with. A minute or so later, Dustin walked into the bathroom, too, closed the door and took a seat on the side of the bathtub.

"So, how do you like the house so far?" he asked with a wry smile. "Is the scenery to your liking?"

"Holy shit, man," Christian replied, smiling. "Are those girls even for real or what? They are so hot!"

"I know!" Dustin replied. "They've both been away at various summer activities for as many years as I can remember, so I've only seen them once in awhile, but this year they're sticking around to help out around here since Demetri's wife, your Aunt Chloe, is out of the country visiting family."

"Wow, I guess that it's just our lucky summer then," Christian said. "I don't know how I'm going to get any work done with my dick sticking out all the time, but I guess that I don't mind."

"We all have to make sacrifices," Dustin smiled.

The two finished cleaning up and then went back to the kitchen to help the girls set the table and make some final preparations. Over dinner the five of them laughed and joked and got to know one another better, talking about all the fun that they would have together over the next few months. Christian found that he liked all of these people immensely: Uncle Demetri was a kind-hearted, energetic soul whose constant humour and gentle blue eyes were both comforting and encouraging at the same time; he was obviously an excellent father, employer, and human being. Dustin, Christian already knew, was just his kind of person and definitely someone with whom he was happy to be friends with. Tiffany was the older twin, and fit the stereotype in that she was definitely outgoing happy to fill the air with anecdotes and stories. Julie, on the other hand was also friendly and willing to talk, but had a tendency to just listen and let others direct the flow of things, only interjecting if she felt a point was particularly relevant. Both girls were extremely easy to get along with, and while each must have known how attractive she was, neither used such knowledge to manipulate Christian or Dustin. 

After dinner and a lot of conversation, the group tidied up the kitchen and Demetri asked Dustin to give Christian a tour of the house and to show him his room. Dustin walked his friend through the living room and lounge, showed him the upstairs room of his Uncle and Aunt which had an extra washroom "just in case", and then took him downstairs to see the laundry facilities and point out where the room of the twins was located, something that was done with a wink. He then took him outside to a building located behind the house that Christian hadn't seen upon arriving: an old living quarters that was once used for farmhands that lived on the property. Dustin explained that Demetri had fixed it up for guests, and let him use it during the summers so that he could have his own space. It was a spacious building, with several beds set up on the main floor, one of which would now be Christian's, as well as a loft where Dustin kept his things and slept. After briefly unpacking and chatting a bit more, the duo said goodnight and went to sleep.

The next two weeks or so was spent just getting Christian familiar with the goings on of the farm life, where everything was kept, schedule, etc. Although the working hours were long and strenuous, Christian soon found that he enjoyed this life and that there was something terribly satisfying about pouring one's sweat into the land. The evenings were mostly spent hanging out with the family, sometimes watching television or reading, or going into town and catching a movie. The twins would hang out with him and Dustin on occasion, but oftentimes had schoolwork from their correspondence courses or spent time with their friends or occasionally went on a date.

One afternoon, while taking a break near the house, Christian was sitting with Tiffany when the topic of their love lives came up. At the mention of romance, Tiff got a girlish smile on her face, shifted her position to become more comfortable, and began to poke and prod Christian about his past experiences alternating with sharing her own. Christian confessed that while he had had a few girlfriends, none of them had really been what he was looking for. Furthermore, he wasn't very experienced in the physical intimacy department, and hadn't had sex yet. Tiffany confessed that she too was a virgin, and that she hadn't met the right guy yet either, although many had asked her out. Apparently, her and her sister were more into the quiet, intellectual types as they tended to be more genuine, wholesome, and affectionate, however they were typically only approached by meatheads or guys who were full of themselves. 

Christian left the conversation feeling better about himself that he hadn't found a great girlfriend yet or had had sex before, reasoning that if the same thing could happen to a couple of great girls like Tiffany and Julie, then it wasn't that bad. The fact that Tiffany at least, and likely Julie, were still virgins also intrigued him to no end and made his cock harden in his pants. The thought of his penis sliding into their tight, juicy pussies was definitely one that he was going to beat off over later on. 

The next afternoon, Christian and Dustin were all set to plow one of the fields that was being given a year off to replenish its nutrients when the tractor they were using sputtered to a halt. Dustin ran off to find Demetri, who heard the news half-expecting it, having known that that machine had been running a bit on the funny side as of late. With a sigh and a smile, he related to Dustin that the other tractors were already being used by the other labourers, and since he was heading into town anyways, he would take the tractor in to get fixed, thus giving the boys the rest of the day off. After some polite yet half-hearted protest, Dustin accepted this with his never-ending gratitude and ran off to tell Christian the news. As it was only just after lunch, Dustin suggested that they go swimming at the nearby river that Christian had not yet had the chance to see.

Throwing on their swim trunks and rinsing the dirt off of their bodies with a hose, they grabbed some water and headed across a field to a wooded area. Admiring the lushness of the greenery around them as they walked, Dustin explained that this whole bush was owned by Demetri, and that it was like their own private forest. After walking for about half an hour, they could hear the sounds of a small water fall up ahead, signalling that they were almost at their destination. Taking a few steps more, they suddenly heard a loud splash, and both stopped in their tracks. Christian gave Dustin a questioning look as Dustin furrowed his brow, both boys wondering who could possibly be swimming on the private property. Whispering to Christian to move quietly, Dustin lead them forward, keeping a sharp eye and ear ahead. Hearing a few more splashes as random intervals, the water eventually came into view and what they saw could only be described as breathtaking: before them was one of the twins, clad only in a tiny bikini top and thong, poised to make yet another dive into the cool waters below her.

"Holy shit," Dustin mouthed wordlessly, stopping in his tracks as Christian moved to stand beside him.

Tiffany dove into the water again, and then began to do makeshift laps back and forth in the water. Unfortunately, the pair could not see her charms while she was submerged, however the gist of things was still terribly apparent. 

"Lets move closer and get a better view," Dustin suggested in a whisper.

Christian nodded and the pair scanned the area until they settled upon a ridge of earth that lay fairly close to the rocks surrounding the river. The ridge was about as tall as they were, and was covered with short plants. Upon soundlessly arriving at the area, they found that they could stand up straight and see the area through the leaves of the plants while remaining unobserved themselves. A couple of minutes later, the twin once again got out of the water, giving the boys an up-close look at her perfect form as she walked casually along the rocks, basking in the warmth of the sun. This time she was on the shore nearest to them, allowing them to get a great look at her tight, little ass, with only a strip of material running up its crack. 

"She is so hot," Dustin said absently as he gazed at the vixen in front of him.

"Beautiful," Christian replied in agreement.

"I so wish that my tongue was that thong right now," Dustin said, surprising Christian somewhat.

"Yeah, me, too," Christian responded. Encouraged by Dustin's openness, he continued, "I'd love to stick my cock in her wet pussy."

"Or slide it into her tight little ass."

"Yeah, I'd love to fuck her in the ass, too." 

After several more dives, the twin finally got out the water for good and wrung her hair out over the rocks, sunlight causing her perfect skin to shine with its wetness. Both boys stared with lust at the magnificent set of tits that threatened to burst out of their confines right before their eyes. However, at the same time they couldn't help but fall head over heels into puppy love with Tiff's gorgeous smile and air of wholesome innocence. 

Suddenly, a beeping sound began to come from the pile of Tiffany's effects that were off to the side. She hurried over to them, dug around a bit, and then pulled out a digital watch. Looking at the time, she then scrambled to gather her things, threw on her tank top and denim cut-offs, and began to run back towards the farm. A couple of minutes later, the boys felt it was safe to move and speak freely, and headed towards the water.

"Wow, I guess she had to go somewhere in a hurry, eh?" Christian asked rhetorically.

"Yeah, no kidding," Dustin replied. "She's so amazing, isn't she?"

"Unbelievable," Christian agreed. 

"I'm so fucking horny right now!" Dustin said laughing, a huge smile on his face.

"Yeah, I can tell," Christian said. "Your cock poking into your shorts is pretty obvious."

"Hmmm, I guess it is," Dustin noted, looking down. "Yours is, too."

"Well, I guess it would be after that!" Christian stated.

"Do you want to hop in the water?" Dustin asked.

"Sure," Christian replied, taking his shirt off. 

Dustin took his shirt off as well, and Christian couldn't help but notice that Dustin's nipples were both very erect, much like the cock in his pants. While he had seen Dustin shirtless many times now, he'd never really appreciated how cut his chest, abs, arms, and shoulders were, or how his whole upper body was covered in the same light freckles that his face was. 

The boys jumped in the water and began to swim and splash around. The cool water felt good on their hot skin, and succeeded in washing the sweat and dirt away that they'd missed earlier on with the hose. After acclimatizing to their new aquatic environment, they eventually began to horse around and wrestle, both of them having an enjoyable time. Eventually, they decided to leave the water and lay out on the nearby grass to dry off and catch some rays. 

"I still can't believe that we saw Tiffany out here," Christian said. "That top and thong made her look so damn sexy."

"Yeah, I know," Dustin replied. "I've never seen her wearing anything so skimpy around the farm. I think that our spying on her made things even hotter though, eh?"

"Definitely," Christian replied. "It was nice to be able to stare at her tits and ass and face like that without having to worry about getting caught. I swear that I could look at her all day."

"Me, too," Dustin agreed. "I love all of her to pieces, but I'd have to say that I think about her ass the most."

"I can definitely see why," Christian responded. "It's so small and tight and round...I just want to grab it with both hands, run my cock down the crack, and stick it in between her cheeks."
