 In the spring of 1969 I landed a job as the overnight DJ on a radio station in Seattle. I was the only person in the station during most of my shift and enjoyed talking to listeners who called to request songs or just wanted to talk to someone. One of my regular callers, Kristy, had a pleasant voice and a thing for a particular Linda Ronstadt song. She would call two or three times a week for that song, telling me that she couldn't get to sleep unless she heard it.

Over the course of three weeks I learned that she was 21 and single (I was 29 at the time). She even confided to me that she had married young and been divorced a year afterward and that she had had a hysterectomy because of a problem that showed up when she was in her teens. Kristy lived with her mother who was divorced and reasonably well off due to a fat settlement from her ex-husband. She worked as a waitress from 4:00 PM to midnight, thus the calls to me on my overnight shift.

Being single myself, I started developing fantasies about the woman whom I'd never seen. They usually involved nudity and sex, of course.

Then came the night that she asked if we could meet sometime, she wanted to see the man behind the microphone. It was generally a no-no to have personal meetings with listeners; you never knew when they might be a nut-job. However, being young and stupid, as well as super-horny, I agreed to meet her. We both had the night off the following Saturday, so we agreed to meet at the International Fountain at Seattle Center that afternoon at 2:00. I was to look for a woman with curly brown hair wearing a red dress.

The day and time arrived. After walking around the fountain a couple of times, looking for a red dress, I saw her approaching. I was relieved to see that she wasn't 300 pounds or in any way unattractive. It was a warm sunny day (not always the case in Seattle) and the dress was appropriate for the weather. It showed off her girlish figure well and her smile told me that I was in luck.

"Are you Erik?" she asked as I moved toward her.

"Indeed I am, are you Kristy?" I replied.

She said, "Yes, I am, and I'm so relieved!"

"You are?" I asked, "why?"

"Well, this might sound weird to you, but I was afraid you might be ugly or 300 pounds with a patch over one eye and a parrot on your shoulder or something," Kristy said.

When I burst out laughing she asked, "What's so funny?"

"That's really funny! I was worried that you might look like a witch or a female wrestler or something. I'm relieved that you're an attractive girl who knows how to dress well. You must get a lot of attention from guys wherever you go," I answered.

"Thanks for the complement," she said, "I have to keep myself in shape and dress nicely if I want to get decent tips at the restaurant."

"You must do well in the tip department, then," I replied.

"I do OK," said Kristy, "let's walk while we talk, maybe find something to eat. Have you had lunch?"

"Haven't eaten all day, that would be nice," I said.

We spent the rest of the afternoon walking around Seattle Center, talking and eventually holding hands. I enjoy photography as a hobby and had my camera with me. She willingly posed for pictures as the afternoon progressed. We ate at the food court and learned about each other's likes and dislikes. It was a thoroughly delightful first meeting and we both agreed that we would like to get together for another date soon.

Our relationship progressed over the next month with the usual movies, meals and occasional hugs and kisses. Eventually I asked her to my apartment for dinner and she accepted.

The evening came and she arrived at my door wearing a short blue skirt with what looked like a white camisole on top. I say "looked like" because I thought that camisoles were underwear but it turns out that it was intended to be worn without a cover in the hot summer weather. That was fine by me. As soon as she came into the relatively cool air of my apartment her nipples signaled that there wasn't a bra under there.

I don't pretend to be able to cook, so I had purchased all of the components of the meal at a deli that morning and warmed them up in the oven. After a tour of the apartment we sat down to eat. She drank wine and I had beer and we had an enjoyable conversation. Afterwards, Kristy helped me clean up and we adjourned to the living room.

"Do you play gin?" Kristy asked me after we had seated ourselves on the couch.

"I drink gin," I answered.

"No, silly, Gin Rummy, the card game!" she explained.

"Not for a long time, but I think I can remember the basics. I've got a deck of cards somewhere, you want to play?" I said.

"Yes, but I don't want to play for points or money or anything like that. How about playing for items of clothing?" she asked with a grin spreading over her face.

"Are you kidding?" I asked.

"Nope," she said, "We're adults and I'm good at this game. I figure I'll have you down to your underwear in short order. What's the matter, afraid to show me what you've got?"

"Uh, not really. And I have to admit that I'd like to get you out of your clothes." I stammered back.

"So, get moving buster, get the cards!" Kristy told me.

I followed orders and got the cards from the bedroom. When I returned she had seated herself on the floor next to the coffee table and cleared a space for the game. I sat on the other side and gave her the deck. We agreed that the player who had the lowest number of points in a hand would have to give up an item of clothing. Jewelry didn't count and things that come in pairs counted as one item (shoes, socks and such).

I had brought my camera from the bedroom along with the cards and asked Kristy if I could take a couple of pictures of her before she lost her clothes.

"Why not," she answered, "if I can take pictures of you when you lose!"

I brashly said, "OK, but you'd better not try to hold your breath until that happens. You're going be in your birthday suit long before I am," and snapped a couple of shots of her.

Kristy snickered, then shuffled and dealt the cards while I contemplated the odds of getting her naked first. I was wearing shoes, socks, shirt, shorts and briefs for a total of 5 items. She was wearing the camisole, skirt, shoes and (I assumed) panties for a total of 4 items, which, I figured, gave me a slight advantage.

I lost the first hand, which resulted in her gleefully telling me, "I told you I am good at this game! Drop your pant's Erik."

"We didn't specify that the winner could pick what the loser has to give up!" I told her and removed my shoes.

Then, I lost the second hand and pulled my socks off.

I lost the third hand too! Kristy grinned as she watched me pull my shirt over my head.

"Oh, nice bod there mister. Do you want to quit now?" she said.

I quipped, "I have to keep myself in shape and dress nicely if I want to get decent tips."

"I've got a tip for you then," she said and tossed her shoes at me playfully. That left me with only two items and Kristy with three.

I was relieved when Kristy lost the next hand and she said, "OK, which do you want, the skirt or the top?"

"The top!" I said with enthusiasm.

"Too bad, ain't gonna happen buddy," she said and smiled as she stood to untie and drop her wrap-around skirt revealing white panties that matched the camisole. Now we were even, with two items each.

I grabbed my camera again and snapped a couple of shots of her.

"I suggest that you start thinking about what you want to give up next, because I'm going to win the next hand," I chided her, taking note of her nipples tenting the camisole like little soldiers saluting me.

Unfortunately for me, I lost the next hand and did a little bump and grind as I stood and dropped my shorts to the floor.

"Wahoo! Take it off, take it all off!" Kristy shouted.

I sat down quickly when I became aware that my excitement was showing as a large bulge in the front of my briefs.

My luck changed dramatically when I won the next two hands, and the game.

After the first, Kristy peeled the camisole over her head, stuck her chest out at me and flicked her nipples with her fingers and flashed a smile. She had a wonderfully firm pair of c-cup boobs. I noticed that she was breathing a bit harder than she had been. Come to think of it, so was I.

After the next and last hand she softly said, "damn," and slowly stood up. She turned around, put her thumbs under the waistband of her panties and slowly worked them down over her hips. When they were near her knees she bent forward, sticking her butt out. That afforded me a view of her sparsely hairy labia while she dropped the panties to the floor. I detected beads of moisture peeking out between her pussy-lips.

When she turned around, I saw that her pussy hair was trimmed to just a thin vertical 'landing strip' which triggered cock pulse's in my shorts.

Kristy smiled and said, "Now that you've seen all I've got, what are you going to do about it mister?" as she did a little dance that animated those lovely globes.

I answered, as I grabbed my camera, "I'm going to get some pictures and then show you to the bedroom where I'm going to ravish that lovely body, OK?"

"I thought you'd never ask," she replied with a smile and proceeded to pose for me as I fired off half-a-dozen shots.

As we walked together to the bedroom she reached down and patted my cock through the fabric of my briefs, "I notice that you're excited. Good thing I am too!"

I almost shot a load in my underwear!

She ran into the bedroom and jumped on the bed, pulled the covers off and lay down on her back with her legs slightly parted. I nearly hurt myself by pulling my briefs down too quickly without thinking. My hard-on was snagged by the waistband and popped up with a smack against my stomach when I managed to get it loose. Kristy laughed!

As I lay down beside her, she rolled over to face me and placed her lips on mine while putting one hand on my stomach. We kissed hard and played tongue-hockey. When we disengaged I moved my lips to her chin, her neck, then chest and finally to a nipple. I licked, sucked and slightly nibbled both nipples while she slid her hand south to my rod and gave it a squeeze.

I groaned and she said, "If we don't get your cock into me soon I'm going to explode!"

"So will I...and so I will," I told her.

We parted long enough for Kristy to roll onto her back, raise her knees and spread her legs in invitation. I wasted no time positioning myself between them. I stroked the head of my cock between her pussy lips a little before placing it at her entrance and giving it a push. It was a tight fit, but after a few seconds it slid fully into that warm, moist cavity.

I began to slowly pump in and out while watching her face. Her eyes were closed peacefully, a smile on her lips. I speeded up as lust overcame caution. I was on a trip that could only end in ecstasy. After a few minutes I warned her that I couldn't hold back much longer and she replied, "Give it to me, give all the cum you've got."

Something didn't seem quite right in her response but I was too far-gone to give it much thought. I was speeding toward orgasm like an out-of-control train. It hit me like lightning, the most intense orgasm I'd ever had that seemed to last for hours but was more like seconds in reality. I'm not normally very vocal during sex but I know I yelled something, I just can't remember what.

When I regained my senses I found myself laying on top of Kristy with her breasts cushioning my chest and my cock still buried in her cunt. I whispered in her ear, "Thank you, thank you, that was absolutely amazing."

"It was for me too," she murmured. I kissed her but didn't get much response.

My breathing slowed and I pulled out, and then rolled off of her. Eventually we pulled the covers over ourselves, snuggled together and fell asleep.

When I awoke in the morning, Kristy wasn't in bed with me. After my head cleared a bit I heard sounds from the kitchen and smelled coffee. I got up, put my robe on and made my way to the kitchen where I found her standing at the stove with her back to me. She was wearing her camisole and panties. I still had my morning boner so I pressed it against her ass and reached around with both hands to play with her breasts. She startled and I said, "Good morning, I see you have breakfast almost ready and trust that you can feel what I have for you."

She purred, "Yes, I can certainly feel that big cock of yours and I love having your hands on my boobs but breakfast is ready and I've got a dentist appointment in an hour."

"I'm fine with cold bacon and eggs and you can reschedule the appointment. Wouldn't you really prefer to have this in your mouth instead of dental instruments?" I asked as I pressed into her.

"Of course I would, but I've already rescheduled it twice and don't want to have to do that again. Keep that thought and I'll taste your lollypop sometime soon," she said.

I replied, "OK lover, your loss...and mine of course."

"You've always got your hand if you're really desperate. Don't worry, my pussy will be yours again soon, just not right now, OK?" she said.

We ate breakfast together and she dressed, kissed me and left shortly after. As I stood in the shower after she was gone, I began to think of our lovemaking the night before. I realized that she hadn't reacted the way that the other women had when they experienced orgasms while making love with me. Her enthusiasm faded as I worked to bring us both to orgasm. She had been oddly quiet and hadn't moved much to meet my thrusts. She seemed eager to jump into bed with me but there wasn't much reaction after I had penetrated her. Had she cum? I didn't think so and chided myself for being so selfish. I resolved to work harder to bring her pleasure the next time.

I didn't hear from Kristy for a week after that. I didn't have her number; we had always talked only when she called while I was on the air. Then she called and requested her favorite song again. I asked her if we could meet somewhere. She agreed and we ended up in my bed again.

This time she had me lay on my back on the bed while she gave me an expert blowjob, complete with humming. I grabbed the camera from the bedside table and got some pictures with her sweet lips wrapped around my cock. I managed to avoid losing my load in her mouth by pulling her head off before it was too late. I wanted to make sure that Kristy had whatever attention she needed to enjoy an orgasm.

I rolled her over on her back, kissed her again and kissed my way down her body, stopping to give her breasts plenty of attention. Her breathing told me that she was enjoying my ministrations. Finally I reached her pussy and re-positioned myself between her legs.

I heard her say, "You don't have to do that if you don't want to, my husband wouldn't. He thought it was nasty."

"There is nothing nasty about your pussy and I love licking it," I answered.

I saw her smile as she opened her legs wide. I started by kissing my way up one inner thigh and down the other, barely brushing her pussy lips as I passed by. Then I moved back up to the apex of her legs and planted a kiss on her nether-lips, slipping my tongue between the folds and finding her clit. I gave it a tongue-lashing that should have caused her hips to jerk up, but all I got in response was a half-hearted moan.

I worked to get her up to a sexual peak, tongue-fucking her, giving her clit the attention it deserved, even working a finger into her asshole. Nothing seemed to work.

Finally I had to give up, my tongue and jaws were tired and sore.

I moved myself up beside her, gave her a kiss on the cheek and asked, "Is there anything that I can do to give you pleasure?"

"I don't think so," she whispered. There were tears in her eyes as she told me, "I don't think that there is anything that anyone can do. It's not your fault, don't blame yourself, I certainly don't."

"Can you tell me what this is about?" I said.

"No, I really don't want to talk about it now, maybe some other time Erik. I just want to go home," she said.

"Let me drive you. You can get your car tomorrow, I'll come pick you up," I said.

"No, I want to drive home, thank you. You've been wonderful and I couldn't hope for a better lover. I need some time to think," said Kristy.

With that she got up and started dressing. I did the same and escorted her to the door. She turned around and put her arms around me.

"You really are a good lover, don't ever let anyone tell you otherwise," she told me and kissed me.

As she walked out the door I remembered that I had something for her. I hurried to the coffee table and grabbed an envelope. I managed to catch her as she opened the car door.

"Here, these are prints of all of the pictures I've taken of you. I thought that you might want them," I said.

"Thanks, I'll call you soon," she said as she took the envelope from me.

She smiled at me, started the engine and drove off.

It turned out to be her mother who called me, a few days later, at the radio station.

"Is this Erik?" the caller asked.

"Yes," I said, "how can I help you?"

"This is Kristy's mother, Brooke," she said. "I talked her into giving me this number so I could call you. There's something you need to know. Can you come by my house this evening after Kristy has gone to work?"

"Uh, sure. Am I in trouble?" I asked.

"No, but I need to speak with you about my daughter and it's not something we should talk about over the telephone," Brooke told me.

"OK, how about 7:00? We should have plenty of time to talk before I have to get to work," I said.

She told me the time was fine and gave me the address.

I pulled into her driveway promptly at 7:00 and rang the doorbell. She opened the door almost as soon as my finger left the button. I was stunned! She was beautiful, a mirror of her daughter but maybe 19 or 20 years older and blonde.

"You must be Erik," she said with a smile, "I'm Brooke. Please come in."

She stepped back as I entered the house and closed the door behind us. She led me to the family room where she motioned me to the couch and sat down beside me. I saw through the french doors to the private back yard that there was a nice swimming pool and made a mental note that it would be a nice setting for photographs on a sunny day. I had a hard time keeping my eyes off of her body; the years had been very good to her. I remember thinking that part of the settlement from her former husband must have been spent on plastic surgery.

Then she got my attention by asking, "Have you and Kristy had sex?"

"Umm, I'm not really comfortable discussing that with her mother. Is it important?" I asked.

"Yes, Erik, it is important," she said, "tell me."

"OK, sure, we've been to bed a couple of times," I answered as all kinds of things ran through my mind. Things like, maybe Kristy told her mother that I raped her, or that Kristy had a sexually transmitted disease.

"Did you notice anything strange about the way she reacted, how she behaved while you were having sex with her?" she asked.

This was getting creepy. I thought about leaving but really wanted to know what this was all about. So, I told her, "Well, I don't think she had an orgasm either time. I was too self-centered to realize it the first time but the second time I tried hard to bring her to orgasm, but it didn't work. And, she cried when I gave up."

"I'm not surprised," Brooke, told me, "did she tell you that she had a hysterectomy when she was young?"

"Uh huh," I said.

"That's when something went terribly wrong. She has never had an orgasm and never will, according to the doctors," she told me. "The sad thing about it is that nobody knew that there was a problem until years after the surgery when she started having sex. There might have been some way of repairing the damage if we had known of it earlier."
