 This is part of an ongoing BISEXUAL series, so if that is not to your liking you should pass on this one. 

*

As I stood in the center of my living room, naked, with a painful throbbing cock, considered my options. Leslie had just left me like this and although we had shared a great morning, I wasn't done. 

I thought about the Blonde voyeur from next door but was afraid to approach her. She had avidly watched Les and I but that didn't positively open the door for me. 

I heard movement in her driveway and peaked out the window to see what was up. Still naked I had to be careful that someone new wasn't arriving that didn't share my liberated life style.

It was Blondie trying to move an obviously drunk guy from the back seat of her Audi roadster. Nice car, shitty situation. Being the proper gentlemen I put some clothes on and drifted over to see if I could be of any assistance.

She didn't hear me approach and jumped when I did. I tried to calm her as I could tell she was pretty embarrassed due to her earlier voyeurism.

I quickly said: "Can I help; you look like you need a hand."

Flustered she replied: "Yes thank you. This is my boyfriend and this is how he shows me a romantic week."

We successfully got him from the car and to the cottage. I half carried, half dragged him thru the door as she held it.

"Where to?" I asked.

Still flustered she said: "I haven't had much time to look around. Which bedroom is the closest to a bathroom?"

"Well the master, upstairs has a bath in it but he might be better off in one of the spares down here and there is a bath here too. Leave a light on so if he comes to he will quickly find it if he needs it and you might have some peace upstairs." 

We got him settled and went back into the living room where she still hadn't relaxed and was very red cheeked with embarassedment.

Being true gentlemen I told her: "Look you saw something today that probably shocked you and while unfortunate can't be unseen. How about we both pretend you never saw it?"

"I will never be able to forget what I saw." She says but adds: "That was better than any porn I ever saw! If he ever sobers up maybe you can teach my boyfriend something about showing me a good time."

Taking a second look at her I am hoping those red cheeks are from arousal not embarrassment.

"Can I offer you something to drink for the help getting him in?" She asks.

"It is a still a little early but, sure, whatever you are having." I reply wondering just where this is going.

I settle in on the center of the couch leaving room for her and watch her mix the drinks. She makes two tumblers of rum and coke with a good dark rum and slices some lime. She knows good booze. From the rear I give her a good look over. A little over 5 two or so, long styled locks, narrow waist that flare out to a fine little tight ass. 

It is then that I remember that there is a mirrored finish to the bar back and she is watching me check her out. Now it is my turn to be embarrassed.

As she turns, she now composed and in her element. She smiles and says: "So, it looks like we both like looking. Did you like what you see?"

If this is where things are going I am ready for it and quip: "Yes, very much. Did you enjoy what you saw today?"

"Oh yes, so much that I had to come in here and take things into my hands or hand as it was to climax things. Was that your girlfriend?" She says.

"No that was my ex-wife, we have a sort of special arrangement." I say.

"Nice arrangement, she comes, you both cum and she leaves." Now the smart ass.

She sits sideways on the couch close to me, hands me my drink and as she touches my knee says: "Things are moving pretty fast here, how do you feel about that?" 

With an eye on the room with her boyfriend in it and one on her I say:" Fast is fine with me but what about him and I have been calling you Blondie in my head, my name is John what's' yours?"

"He will be out until tomorrow, the shit head. We came up here for romance and see where our relationship was and I get this. It is going to make dumping him so much easier, tomorrow, or whenever I can get him out of here. And you should call me Stacie." She replies.

"And if this dress was a little shorter you would know Blondie would be false." 

"Wow you are a little firecracker aren't you?" I tell her.

She puts her drink down, leans closer and putting one hand behind my head pulls me into a wet kiss. I am thinking if this is any indication she must suck cock like a champ. Without breaking the kiss she runs the hand on my leg up and finds my hard cock. Squeezing and caressing it she looks into my eyes and asks: "Are you ready to give me some of what you gave your ex?"

"What about him?" I said nodding toward the bed room.

"Fuckit, you were pretty brave this afternoon (she lifts her dress up and spreading her legs shows me her beautiful down covered pussy) if you want this you have to take it here. He probably won't wake. If he does he will still be drunk and you will be naked. Could be interesting."

I think "fuckit it is" and roll to my knees between her legs and pull her ass to the edge of the couch and look at her sweet young pussy. 

"Baby you look and smell wonderful! I bet you taste even better." I marveled.

And she did, nothing like young pussy. As I leaned forward and inhaled her aroma I stuck my tongue out and licked her puss from opening up to clit. She shivered with pleasure.

"I thought all you young beauties shaved or were waxed or something?" I asked.

"Most do, but shithead over there thought this made me look more natural. Would you like me smooth?" She replied.

"No Stace, I would like you however you wanted to be. It is just one more part of your personality. Like who you vote for, worship or go to bed with. None of my business. But, I do love a hairy puss" I told her.

"So you wouldn't care if I slept with girls?" she asked.

Shocked at how fast this young girl moves I say: "Why would I, I sleep with girls too, but it does make you hotter!" 

"Yeah, but do you sleep with guys too?" she asked.

I paused and that was all she needed to know her answer. Before I could say anything she says: "You do! You are a dirty old man!" 

"What can I say, I love sex and have learned not to put any foolish boundaries on myself. Who I have sex with does not define me, it is only part of me." I say trying not to lose this moment that I want to happen but also want to be honest and hope it can lead to something more with her.

Trying to move beyond this awkwardness I am feeling I lean back into her puss and return to savoring it. She is so sweet and tasty I am really getting into it and she is too. 

Before long she has my head in her hands and is holding it like I was going somewhere. She cries out and shudders with her orgasm.

"STACIE, is that you?" comes a voice from the other room.

She quickly pushes me away and pulling down her dress she says: "We will continue this soon, I have all week, but he might be waking. You better leave. She kisses me and heads to the bed room.

Feeling like an intruder I slink out the back door and safely home. This is the second woman today that has left me with a raging hard on. I am running down a mental list of my partners that won't do the same and are available.

Leslie started this, Nina is working, and Sam...Sam has the day off, I wonder if he has made plans yet. It is noon; he could be off somewhere but worth a try.

Sam was the first guy I had sex with. He and his ex-wife showed me the pleasures of bisexuality and after their divorce he and I continued to play.

Calling his cell I find him.

"Hello douche bag what are you up to, or should I say who are you up to?" He jokes as he answers.

"Damn caller ID, I had hoped to give you a dirty surprise." I tell him.

"So what is up? No good I bet." He continues.

"Well bud, TWO, not one but TWO different women left me with a hard on today and it is only noon. Les was here for breakfast and before I could finish the second course she had to leave and my new neighbor was watching it all and wanted to try out the pussy eater and her boyfriend woke up before I could get my pants off!" I laughed.

"Well did you at least get her off, seeing's as you are such a gentlemen and all? And boyfriend, are you cheating on me" He asks.

"Yeah, well a lot happened and she and I got to know a real lot about each other quickly. That happens when someone watches you have sex with someone else. Why don't you get over here and while you are sucking me off I will tell you everything and if you do a real good job, I'll suck your dick until you cry like a little girl." I tell him.

"Sounds hot, but little girls don't have dicks shit head. I guess I'll have to shower and be there in 45 to show you the difference. Later." And he hangs up before I can slam him back.

If some of our friends knew we fucked and sucked each other as much as we have over the years they would not believe it hearing the way we bust each other's chops. But it is a simple friendship not limited or complicated by drama or petty feelings. We have known each other since childhood and it was only a simple progression from buds to suck buddies.

Wanting to be as ready for Sam as he seemed to want to be for me I took a quick shower and was just drying off when he walked through the door.

Seeing me naked he said: "You were really serious about being horney weren't you buddy? Get over there in your favorite chair and let ole Sammy suck you off. "I" won't leave you hard, when I am done with you, you won't be able to touch your cock." 

I almost run to the chair and settle in. This is one of my favorite scenarios. Someone sucking my soft cock to orgasm or me doing it for someone else. My number one favorite is sucking a pussy covered cock to orgasm but this is pretty fucking good.

Sam starts to take his clothes off and I ask him:" Please wait, I want to do that and you might stay soft longer." After all these years he knows how I like it.

So Sam settles in between my legs and using no hands sucks my soft cock into his hot mouth. He runs his tongue all over the crown as he sucks the short shaft with his lips tightly around it. As I get longer and harder he moves me in and out of his mouth and when I am full size he strokes my shaft when exposed. We are both about the same size hard, around 7 inches, both cut and completely shaved front and back. I favor an uncut cock, probably as I am cut but Sam's is familiar and I am comfortable with it. He was my first and after all these years is my favorite.

I guess it is funny that I favor a shaved cock but a hairy cunt and ass on women.

As Sam gives me one of his wonderful blow jobs I tell him about the mornings events adding my feelings.

"Sam, it has been so long since I ate a young girl I almost forgot how special it is. Don't get me wrong I love the women we fuck but there is something about new pussy or cock even. Especially new YOUNG pussy.'

"On another hot subject how do you feel about another threesome?" I ask.

Sam asks: "So are you ready to let ole Leslie see you suck me off?" 

Sam knows almost everything about all of my partners and knows Les and I had almost explored my bisexuality.

"Well, she is not in my immediate plans, but this new young thing might be a great prospect.

Sam's prowess at sucking has brought me to the brink and as I lift my ass off the chair I cum in his mouth. Shot after shot of hot cum goes down his throat.

"You were ready, weren't you fucker, you usually last longer. And you came a bunch! Didn't you say Leslie made you cum earlier?" He asks.

"Yea, that was the first time she really got into giving anal so it was especially hot, but her and Stacie both getting me hot and leaving me made me really ready for your wonderful mouth." I tell him.

"Why don't you let me give you some of the same pleasure? Where do you want this killing done?" I ask quoting Bob Dylan. 

"OK, smart ass who said something about the "little death" for orgasm? He queries.

"Fucked if I know, I don't do classics just Rock & Roll." I say.

"Oh, you give a classic blow job and speaking of that are we going to do this?" Sam pushes.

"You like it on the bed don't you? So, get your ass in there and I will curl your toes." I say pulling his shirt over his head without even unbuttoning it. As we walk down the hall he steps out of his shoes leaving only his shorts on.

When we get to the bed he turns and I put my hand on his cock through his shorts. He is already hard. So much for starting from soft! Maybe later.

I unsnap his shorts and unzip him. His shorts fall and his fine hard cock snaps up to his navel. I kneel in front of him and take his cock in one hand and pull it down to take the first part into my mouth as I hold his nuts in my hand. I suck him in and out a few times and say: "Lay back bud and let me suck you off." After all of these years we are quite graphic in our dialog.

As Sam gets comfortable I get between his legs spreading them. I push his legs up so I can get to his nuts and maybe more. I don't always want anal but like to leave that door open. We have a way to let each other know if we are into it without embarrassing each other. It is awkward for me to actually say "I don't want to be fucked now, but licking is still an option".

Getting fucked is something very personal, the ultimate submission and I am not always into it. I only have let Sam fuck me and never when anyone else is with us. But Sammy, if possible, is a bigger slut than me, always up for anything. Rarely saying no, or not now.

But we are so comfortable with each other saying it or hearing it doesn't alter the mood.

So today he is ready for anything and as I hold his shaft in one hand and with his cock head in my mouth, run my tongue all over it. I have his balls in my other but soon run my finger tips to his taint to check his mood. He squirms and moves his ass letting me know to explore further. I wet two fingers in my mouth sloppily and return to his anus.

I run my fingers over it and apply pressure. The slut he is they slide right in to the second knuckle. I know just how far in his prostate is, find it and massage it.

"You were right baby, my toes are curling!" Sam moans.

Only in very intimate moments do we use such terms of endearment and this makes me feel he is totally into this.

I speed up my sucking and fucking of his anus as I feel his cock throb as the first shot of cum shoots into my mouth. I like to let my male lovers enjoy the first few spews of their orgasm and then pull back a little to feel the cum hit my tongue as I do now.

After Sam has gotten his breath he shamelessly asks: "So tell me about this little wench next door and when can we begin to defile her?"

To be continued...