 This story will have 3 chapters.

William McCoy, sometimes known as Billy, rolled out of bed sometime after ten. It was a Friday in late summer and his contracting business was on auto-pilot for the time being. So he was taking the day off and planned to ice a bucket of beers and lay out by the pool all day. Probably listen to some podcasts or something.

He wandered the house nude getting a snack and doing a few minor chores. He'd have gotten up earlier but around seven that morning, his wonderful wife Gloria had woken him with morning head.

His thick, heavy cock swayed at the memory as he contemplated what swim trunks to wear. She'd swallowed his first load and then plastered her furry, dripping snatch over his face. By the time he'd worked all four finger of his big hand into her juicing hole she'd cum at least three times.

Then she mounted his renewed boner and rode him hard, smothering him in her massive tits.

William mentally slapped himself and took his hand off his hardening cock. Time for that later, preferably with his wife. Or some other willing lady.

Gloria had to hustle to the office after their morning salute and he'd turned over and fallen back asleep.

Buds in his ears and comfy shorts on, he finally made it to the deck beside their small pool. He dropped his bucket of Coronas by the lounger and settled back.

His thick, wide frame looked Italian or Greek. Dark hair on his chest and stomach. Though built stout and not very tall, he didn't have a gut.

Thick, Mediterranean lips, broad, lightly calloused hands and long black ringlets of hair down to the base of his neck often led people to compare him to a pirate. While he'd never swashed any buckles that he could remember, he had boarded many a lusty wench in his day.

He soaked in the sun and just let the day carry him away.

*****

Billy's eyes popped open when a splash of water hit his body. Or perhaps it was the sound of the splash that woke him from his doze. The sun was still high in the sky. Had Gloria come home early?

He peered down his body at the pool. The water was disturbed but he could see nothing. But he was definitely wet from something. Just as he decided he'd have to get up and check to see what had happened, a head popped up from underwater near the side of the pool at the foot of his lounger. A moment later, a second head appeared.

Billy grinned wide. "Hey girls! Mandy, welcome home!"

"Hi Bill!" they said in unison, giggling. The one on the left waved playfully.

From the neck up, they looked like twins. Mandy was the older, home after her sophomore year at college. "Did you bring that boy of yours home with you this time?" William asked.

She sighed. "No. He's on a dig in Peru. I haven't seen him in two months."

"Oh, that sucks. I know your parents what to meet him. But a dig in South America is probably a pretty big deal, right?"

The younger Falon girl made a rude noise. "Big deal. He's just shoveling and hauling dirt around. Interns are just slave labor."

Mandy splashed her sister. "It's a lot better than those creepy losers you've been hanging out with."

Cindy explained to McCoy, "My sister's too stuck-up to know what having a good time looks like."

"You don't need to sleep around with a bunch of thugs and creeps to have a good time." She got in her little sister's face. "Mom's right. You're turning into a little slut."

"At least I'm getting some. You won't stop whining about how much you miss your dweeb boyfriend." Cindy smiled at him then. "But I finally talked her into doing something about it."

The conversation had half lost William. "How's that?" he asked.

Mandy gave Cindy a sideways glanced but let her answer. "We know your secret," she sang.

"What secret is that."

The girls exchanged another look but then both focused on William. Each planted their hands on the pool's edge and began to climb out of the pool.

Glistening, unclad nubile breasts rose before his eyes. Within seconds, two images of nude female youth stood posing before him.

Genuinely surprised but far from disturbed, McCoy scanned their forms. "Well. Does this display have something to do with my supposed secret?" he asked.

Mandy on the right was at least three inches taller than her sister. She was lean but not slender. She'd earned a partial scholarship for volleyball and it showed in her broad shoulders, long arms and trim core. Her legs were toned and she sported a tightly trimmed amber bush which she did nothing to hide.

She began to stride toward him, her walk composed, heal to toe like a model. Her high, upturned breasts too firm to show any sway but very sharply and shone pale in the middle of her tan. "Yes, I guess 'this' does have something to do with your naughty secret," she said, her voice softening.

"We've seen you and Glo and we think it's awesome," added Cindy. She was much softer in form. Wide, round hips and a soft stomach framing her deep navel. The younger Falon's breasts were much bigger than her sister's, pushing into 'D' cup territory. Firm and round with youth, nevertheless they still swayed with her steps.

Where Mandy walked like a model, Cindy was putting so much sway in her hips she looked like she was turning tricks.

They stood over him, dripping. Mandy rung out her hair, twisting it into a snake and putting it behind her head. Cindy let her's remain plastered to her head and shoulders, clinging whisps reaching down longingly for her heavy breasts.

"You've seen what?"

Before she answered, Cindy, knelt beside him. Staring boldly into his eyes, she ran her hand up his leg, into his shorts and around his slowly awakening manhood. "You're swingers and you fuck like pornstars."

"We've both watched you when you have orgies," Mandy said. She teased a nipple as she watched the suggestive movements in Billy's shorts.

William debated making denials but the girl's had been his neighbors for years. The likelihood that they had seen things was high. Also, Cindy's hand on his penis was making it hard to think. Her face was now inches from the bulge. "We both want a closer look at your big cock."

With one arm still snaked up his short's leg, she grabbed the waistband with the other hand. She tugged it down, fighting past his swelling crown. Then suddenly, it was out in the open.

It lay thick and heavy, visibly swelling but not yet entirely hard. Cindy's hand still clung to it up through the bunched-up shorts. "Holy fuck, it really is as big as I've been fantasizing about," the girl whispered. She ran both hands up and down its growing length. Her fingers couldn't reach all the way around.

Before Bily could say anything more, the girl lowered her mouth and slid his soft, tapered head past her lips. She moaned and inhaled his scent. Saliva flowed hungrily in her mouth and immediately began running down his shaft.

Mandy knelt now, watching intently. Absentmindedly, she ran a hand through the corse hair on William's chest while kneading one of her own tits. "How much of that big thing do you think she can take?" she asked no one in particular.

Cindy looked up at both of them while she felt his cockhead swell and fill her mouth. She let more spit bubbled from her lips and stroked his rigid shaft.

He was eight inches long and the thickest thing Cindy had ever seen. And in the last six months or so, she'd been more or less wrapping her lips around and opening her legs for pretty much anyone with a cock.

"I don't know," William said, fascinated. "Looks like we're about to find out."

It had been many years since he'd been with someone so young. Even if there had been many eighteen-year-olds in the lifestyle, he didn't think he'd be comfortable getting with them.

But the Falon girls had kind of circumvented his brain and had quickly convinced his cock that young flesh was on the menu. His hand clasped the back of her head and his hips rose. He managed not to use much force but he was urging her on.

Cindy closed her eyes and took a deep breath. She let his hand push her down farther onto the monster. It filled the back of her throat and made her gag.

Billy eased up. He moved to pull her away but she shook her head and fought him. She slid her hand up from the base of his cock and forced herself down again.

Fighting not to gag, she wedged half of the thing into her mouth. Slobbering, she let herself back off and sucked hard on just the head. Her hands spread out across the rest of his shaft and jacked him in short strokes.

"What, is that all you can take? A bit lame for a slut," her sister accused.

Cindy lifted her head. Her eyes running with tears from the effort. "Big words from a stuck-up bitch." She didn't stop stroking.

"Give me that thing," the older sister said, shoving her in the shoulder. She put her hand around him. Even her longer fingers didn't quite meet. Now that she was holding it, it struck her just how big it was. "Wow."

"Yeah," Cindy said, staring, the argument already forgotten in the way of siblings. "I think my buddy Sean is a little longer but Billy-goat here is way, way thicker."

William asked, "I need to know now girls. Are we doing this for real? Now's the time to back out." He bent forward and grabbed Mandy's soggy hank of hair. "Or I take you both and fuck you till your brains turn to mush."

Mandy's eyes flashed at him and she gripped him tight. Cindy laughed deeply. "Fuck yeah we're doing this. We're going to drain you dry, old man."

While her younger sister was still talking, Mandy opened her mouth and swallowed half of Williams prodigious member in a single lunge.

She coughed once and raised up higher on her knees. She grabbed his opposite hip for leverage and simply forced her head down on him.

She, in fact, had far less experience than her little sister and had only been with three men in her life. But she had a stubborn streak and enjoyed challenging her body with grueling workouts and things like rock-wall climbing.

She was turned on by William's masculine power and even the slutty behavior of her own sister. All this combined to make deep-throating his entire staff her sudden life's goal.

And just like that, with force and determination, her lips were buried against his pelvis.

"Holy shit!" he exclaimed, eyes wide. "God, damn, girl!"

"Oh my god," Cindy whispered. Her mouth went dry. How could anyone take that whole thing, least of all her lame sister?

As if confirming her victory, Mandy took her time pulling her head up. Proving that she was in control. At the halfway mark, she paused and breathed deeply through her nose. Then she looked William in the eyes and took him down to the base again.

She slowly fucked her throat over him three or four more times before finally pulling completely away. She politely asked her sister, "Would you like another try?"

"Just watch me," little sister said determinately. She grabbed him in one hand, braced herself on his thigh with the other. He was completely erect now; even bigger than when she started. But she was convinced she could best her sister.

She tried. Oh, how she tried. She gagged and sputtered and went red in the face. She eventually took almost six thick inches. But there was still enough shaft left over for Mandy to mocking wrap two fingers around.

When Cindy sat back coughing and wiping her face she croaked, "You got lucky."

The woman raised and brow. "Really? Let's see," she said. She put her hands behind her back and bobbed forward over Williams upstanding mast. It a single smooth motion she buried her face against his groin.

A look she gave him told him to take it further. Whatever sibling rivalry was playing out, he was all for playing his role. "God, you're sister's amazing. I know forty-year-old swinging sluts that can't swallow me whole like that." He put both hands on the back of her head and briefly skull-fucked her. He didn't quite go hog wild but the coed had no apparent difficulty.

Not wanting to travel too far down the path to climax yet, it was William that soon decided to pull her mouth off him. Mandy just wiped her mouth and gave her little sister a superior smile.

He didn't want either girl trying anything new with his eager cock yet. As always, the way Billy maintained control was to in fact maintain control. And these young fillies were ripe for some guidance.

He got to his feet momentarily and guided Mandy onto the lounge. He took a moment again to appreciate her body. So slender and toned. The pane of her stomach was perfectly flat. As she briefly tensed while leaning back on the lounge, soft by unmistakable groves quartered her abdomen. "My god, your body is perfect," he said with wonder. His lightly calloused hand engulfed her modest but upstanding breast, catching her rigid nipple between his fingers. His other hand coaxed her legs apart and traced the line of her sex.

"Are you going to lick my pussy now, Mr. McCoy?" she asked innocently. She dropped one leg off the lounge in invitation.

He brushed the soft down covering her mound. "You've watched me lick women before, haven't you? You really shouldn't spy on people."

"I'm sorry. But you were all so sexy. Will you make me cum with your mouth like you did all those others?" she asked with pleading eyes. She shivered when he ran his fingers down through her slick pink folds.

"I really should say no," he mused aloud. "But I can smell your damn pussy from here and I know it's going to be delicious."

He lowered his head between her legs and spread her with his fingers. "I can't say no to sweet, horny pussy."

Heat radiated. She was tense, clearly nervous despite her bold actions, but she spread her legs even wider for him. He ran his tongue gently up her slit, barely touching the flesh.

She shivered and hissed. She stared down at the top of his head, gripping her own breasts roughly. He brushed his long black hair back and looked into her eyes. She shivered again. He grinned and kissed the hood of her little clit.

"Fffuck, that's so hot," Cindy whispered. She sat on the lounge behind her sister, watching. She played with the weeping lips of her own hungry sex.

Billy McCoy ran his wide tongue up Mandy's sex again, parting the petals and inhaling as he went. His cock throbbed and seeped but he left it unmolested as he focused on the coed's ripe slice of heaven.

She squirmed and moaned as his lips, tongue and fingers did amazing new things to her. "bOahha, Billy you're amazing. This is..." she lost her voice for a moment as she shuddered in pleasure. "God, this is so fucking wild!" she groaned.

Her little pinto-bead sized clit was raised up and he wrapped his lush lips around it and sucked. She shrieked and came, hands knotted in his hair. "Goooood."

He didn't slow down as she panted and trembled. He had yet to penetrate her really yet but now he went to slide two fingers all the way into her hole. But they wouldn't fit. As soaked as her passage was, she was too tight.

Not believing she could be so tight, he shifted to just his middle finger. It slid in, causing her to scream even louder. The digit sunk all the way in but her sheath clung tightly to it. "Oh god, you're going to have to go slow," she cried.

He slid his finger back out. "Wait, no, I didn't say stop."

"God, you're so tight, little girl." He slid his finger gently back in.

"Hmmmmm," she said, hips dancing slowly under his gaze. "Everyone says that. I really need a lot of time and lube," she looked down where his rigid manhood hung below his body. "No way I'm actually going to fit that big thing inside this little thing."

Cindy shoved her hard. "Then get out of the way and let me at it. I want that big fucking thing to pound me!" she wiggled and pushed and got her hips to Billy's side of the lounge and spread her legs wide. Her smooth, waxed clam opened up between her fingers. "See, it's all ready for you." She shoved three fingers in deep and wetly churned herself.

"God, you little brat. That nasty cunt looks like you whore it out every day."

"Almost," the younger Falon said proudly. "This nasty cunt was built for thick cocks and hard fucking."

William looked with bemusement at the girl. He still wasn't convinced she wasn't mostly just talk. But her shaved and sloppy pussy certainly looked inviting.

Cindy almost panicked when he started shaking his head and got to his feet. "Uh-uh," he said. "I've been doing this long enough to know better than to get splinters and a sore back trying to fuck you down there."

He pointed at the house. "Get on the living room couch right now and I will show you how a real man fucks."

The girl squealed and scrambled to do as he said. Billy let himself touch his cock as he watched her wide, pale ass jiggle through the patio door. He glanced at Mandy. "After I give her what she needs, I'm going back to work on your little man-trap. I've yet to meet a woman that couldn't take me to the balls given proper preparation and maybe a little inspiration."

Cindy was bent over the back of the couch by the time he walked into the living room. He stepped behind her and gave her meaty backside a sharp slap. She wiggled in response.

A clear pink handprint faded into view. "Ok, girl. Ready to beg for mercy?"

She spread her legs a bit wider and lowered her body as much as possible, turning her heart-shaped ass up to him. "Mercy? I doubt it. But please, do your worst. Do anything you want."

He stared down at her curved back and flared hips. Little Cindy certainly did appear to have grown into a body built for fucking. He bent forward and placed one hand at the junction of waist and hip. He gathered up a thick handful of hair with the other.

She resisted the pull on her head, just as she should. Yes, her hair had been used this way before. He aimed his aching cock into the cleft of her ass and down to the split of her sex.

"I mean it. None of that slow and easy stuff. Ram nme n--ghhoowww!"

He shot her full of eight thick inches of manhood while she was still chattering on. His hard stomach clapped loudly against her soft ass and his hands tightened their grips.

"Holy shit," said Mandy, watching from nearby.

The pair was still for a moment. Cindy hadn't really reacted yet aside from getting cut off mid-sentence. Then she said in a clear, calm voice. "Again."

Billy jerked his hips back and pulled himself entirely free of her hot sleave. Then he rammed her again.

"Yes! Again. Harder. Fuck, that's a lot of cock."

"And you're taking it like a champ," he grunted. "Damn, watch that ass jiggle!" he chortled as he pounded the eighteen-year-old.

"Oh god, I'm going to cum all over that cock!" she wailed. Mandy watched wide-eyed as Billy rapidly bounced his hips off her sister's ass. The slaps sounded like a machine-gun.

"Oh my god, Mr. McCoy, you're hurting her. Stop it!"

"No!" Cindy shouted. "God, don't stop. This is the best fucking thing ever." Bill kept up the relentless pace and the girl bit down on the back of the couch. She screamed past her teeth and came.

William felt the tension in her body. "That's it, honey. God, you're creaming all over my dick."

He didn't slow. "Talk to me slut. Tell me you want more. Tell how much you love my cock."

"Oh god, don't stop!" she cried.

The sounds were unreal. The jackhammer slaps and the wet splash of her climaxing cunt filled the room.

After several more minutes, William shoved himself away. "God, look at that cunt. And my cock! You're girl-cream is everywhere. Were you cumming that whole time?"

"Don't stop," she cried, unable to say anything more coherent.

"Swallow some of this mess you're making," he said roughly. He grabbed her hair again and twisted her around to face him. He pushed her down and pressed his angry red missile against her mouth.

Her jaw dropped open and he forced himself back down her throat. "I bet you taste yourself all the time, don't you?" he asked.
