 Summer school sucks. But the teachers are so hot, so it's worth it. 

I'm actually pretty smart. I had to take a year off to care for my mom while my dad was in Iraq, but now that he's home, I'm playing a little catch-up. 

Being 18 in high school is lame. Especially since I'm attracted to almost every single male teacher I have -- at least the ones under 40. I've been a bad little girl, too. Like Mr. Smith for example; he's my biology teacher and he is smokin' hot. The rest of the girls think he's kinda nerdy, but I've had my lips wrapped around his cock so many times this summer, I can tell you he's nothing but pure stud. 

Last weekend, though... I think I went a little far. I'm used to being the one in control, but this was different. Usually these men are completely blindsided when I stuff my hands down their pants after class and start massaging their growing erections. They normally let me do whatever I want. It's typically a blow job, and sometimes I let them play with my pussy a little, but never anything more than that. 

Last weekend I told Mr. Atwood that I would accompany him on a day trip to get art supplies in Flagstaff. Art is my favorite class right now, and Mr. Atwood is by far the most attractive teacher I've ever known. He has the best hands; very strong and surprisingly smooth. He's got these amazingly sexy legs and broad shoulders, and he's not thin, or thick for that matter. He's got this outdoorsy look to him, with an almost-full beard and plump, delicious lips. 

At the time, I had not done anything with Mr. Atwood, so I felt like accepting the invite would open the opportunity to explore my attraction. 

He came to pick me up at 7:30 Saturday morning; I decided to wear a casual grey short skirt, flip flops, and a white button down shirt. I wanted to be comfortable in the car, but also give him the ability to check out my tan, smooth legs. The outfit worked, because as soon as I got in, I could see him blush and then fumble for his keys before we drove away. I slowly put on my seatbelt, making sure the strap pressed tightly against my chest to emphasize my D-cup tits. 

We started onto the highway, and after about an hour on the road, we were outside of the city. There weren't many people driving near us this early in the morning, so I figured it was a good time to start flirting a little and see where it would go. 

I asked Mr. Atwood straight out if he thought my shirt was too tight. He didn't say anything at first, so I giggled a little and kept talking. I needed to make him feel comfortable, and ensure him that flirting with me was okay. I slowly told him the story of taking a year off to help out my parents. I told him that during that time I grew up really fast, and turning 18 made me realize I had to get my act together and graduate as soon as possible. 

I assumed when he heard all of this, he felt more comfortable. He started to veer off the highway a little, and made a turn down a dirt road. This delighted me at the time, because I figured it would just give me a better chance at seducing him. What I didn't realize though, was that he was the one planning to seduce me. 

Mr. Atwood stopped the car when we got to a clearing about 4 miles from the highway. It appeared to be a simple, quiet picnic area for hikers. He started to explain to me that people stopped coming there because of the millions of other trails that were much nicer. I smiled and asked him why we stopped, and he said it was so he could concentrate on talking to me. I turned on the charm and started acting very coy with him, and rather than being shocked like most teachers this summer, Mr. Atwood came right out with it and asked me to unbutton my blouse. 

I was taken aback a little. I turned towards him and started undoing a few buttons like he'd asked. My cleavage started popping out and he asked if he could touch me. I placed his hands on my tits, and he smiled like a little boy on Christmas morning. He removed his seatbelt and came towards me. I could feel the heat in his truck build up, because I remember thinking that all I wanted to do was take off the rest of my clothes. He started kissing me all over my neck and chin. He placed his entire face in my cleavage and licked softly between my tits. It was like he knew exactly what I wanted, and how to get my juices flowing. 

I pulled his face up so I could kiss him, and it was amazing. He had the most luscious lips I'd ever tasted, and I couldn't wait to feel his entire mouth run up and down my pussy. I pulled back a little and pushed his shoulders back towards his door. I climbed onto my knees and pulled off my shirt. He surprised me though, because he opened his door after that and asked me to do the same. We circled around to the back of the truck, and he just stood there for a second, like he was formulating a plan. 

I made my move and got on my knees in front of him. I wanted his cock in my mouth for weeks, but I had no idea how much until that moment. I removed his belt, unbuttoned his pants, and had his boxers down within seconds. His cock was a beautiful 6-7 inches, and about halfway erect. I started to lick just the tip as he stood there with his eyes gazing down at me. I smiled with my eyes back up at him, and I took his entire shaft into my mouth all at once. I think he was surprised at how well it fit, and how warm and soft everything felt. His head went back a little, and mine came down to focus on his growing erection inside my mouth. 

Mr. Atwood's cock was perfect. It was nice and smooth, and had a very round, plump head. I loved the way it felt, firmly pressed against my tongue as I would come up each time. I made a circle fist around his cock with my right hand to help me add pressure, and then I started to pick up speed. I would move my hand in the opposite direction of my mouth to create an unexpected feeling -- something I tried once with Mr. Smith that seemed to work very well. Indeed it worked well with Mr. Atwood, because he started to really breathe hard after that. 

I concentrated on keeping a nice rhythm going, not too fast, but not too slow. I wanted to make him feel really spectacular, so I let my mouth come up a little and just started stroking him with my hand. I looked up at him with sultry eyes and asked him in a very mellow, smooth voice if he was having a good time. 

Yes, of course he was. 

I asked him if he wanted me to stop, and he shook his head to indicate not. I asked him if he liked having his cock sucked by his 18-year-old slut student, and he nodded yes very slowly. I looked back at his raging hard cock and decided to spit on it a little to add more lubricant. He seemed to really like that, because he got even harder, and I could sense he was getting a little weak in his knees. 

I placed my mouth back on his cock and started sucking and moaning with the same steady rhythm. It was within seconds that he said he was about to cum, and I looked up at him with my innocent, bright eyes and kept sucking away... my cue that I was okay to swallow. He closed his eyes again, and as he held his breath in that final time, I felt a huge burst of burning hot cum shoot down the back of my throat. I started moaning and sucking even harder so that I wouldn't let a single drop get away from me. I slowed down and made sure my lips stayed wrapped around his cock so he could recover. Once I felt him go a bit soft in my mouth, I did one final lick around everything and stood back up.

It took him a minute before he said anything. When he finally spoke, he simply asked me to get back in the car. I smiled and walked to my door to get back in, and within minutes we were back on the highway. We stayed quiet for a little while, but Mr. Atwood was the first to speak. He asked me if I would be interested in getting a room with him for the rest of the afternoon, and without hesitation I said yes. 

We stayed quiet for the most part on our way into Flagstaff. I inched closer to him during the final few minutes into town so that I could touch him as he drove. I could feel his cock getting hard under his jeans, and it was then that I decided if he wanted to fuck, I'd let him have his way with me. 

It should have surprised me that he already had a room key, but at the time it just seemed like he was prepared. We got out of the truck, and he grabbed his duffle bag. We walked into the hotel and found our room right away. Once we got inside, he made us a quick drink, and then we sat down on the bed. We flirted a lot, and kissed a little for the next hour. I got really shy for a moment, but then decided to get started with the touching. 

I pushed him back onto the bed and straddled him. I leaned in to kiss him softly on the lips, and he drew his hands up my back and anchored them on the nape of my neck. He tugged softly on the back of my hair, and I let out a little whimper as I continued to grind my pussy into his crotch. 

Within minutes, though, he had my skirt pulled up and my panties to the side. He had gotten very aggressive suddenly, and told me to bend over the bed. He unzipped his jeans and pulled his cock out without removing any of his clothing. I could feel the tip of his cock running up and down my soaked pussy lips, sending shivers down my entire body. He kept asking over and over how bad I wanted his cock inside me, and I got to the point where I was begging him to fuck me. 

He slipped inside of me quickly, and then pulled out again right away. He went back to teasing me, and then asked me to remove my shirt and bra. I did as I was told, and went back to my bent-over position with my skirt and panties still in place. I had completely given up my usual control of the situation because I was so caught up in the moment. He could have told me to do anything, and I would have obeyed his every command.

He started to fuck me really hard. My breathing and moaning increased with every thrust, and I felt like I was on the verge of orgasm several times. Right when I would get close, though, he would decide to slow down and make me whimper over and over. He kept asking if I enjoyed his cock, and I would say yes over and over. I continued to address him as Mr. Atwood the entire time, which only turned me on even more. 

He got into this very steady, medium pace, and he started asking me questions. He asked if I had ever been intimate with any of the other teachers. I replied and said that I'd given a few blow jobs after class, but nothing even close to what we were doing. He asked me if I enjoyed their cocks, and if I enjoyed being a cum-slut, and of course I moaned with pleasure as I said yes over and over again. 

Then he asked me which teachers I had pleasured, and I got really quiet. He could sense I was nervous in replying, and told me that I could trust him. So I began to tell him about Mr. Smith, and how he had this really great cock. I loved sucking it because he would call me dirty names the entire time. He would then act like he was ignoring me; he would grade papers and call his wife while I was blowing him, and it turned me on so, so much. I was detailing all of these things to Mr. Atwood as he continued to fuck me slowly. I wasn't able to see his face the entire time, so I couldn't tell if he was turned on or disgusted by the things I was sharing with him. I could feel his cock get harder, and his thrusts get deeper, though, and I knew that my stories were leading him to the edge of orgasm again. 

But, we got interrupted suddenly by a knock at the door. 

I completely froze. Being legal, I knew Mr. Atwood couldn't go to jail for being caught with his cock buried in my pussy, but he could absolutely lose his teaching job. I turned around quickly and asked him what I should do; he pushed me onto the bed and told me to curl up into the corner and cover myself with the blanket. He zipped his pants as he walked to the door, and he opened it slightly with the deadbolt in place. I didn't hear him say a single word, though. I just heard him shut the door and then re-open it right away. 

I didn't expect that Mr. Atwood would invite anyone into the room, so I was shocked when my senses indicated to me that he and I were no longer alone. My mind started to race with all of the potential things that could possibly be happening, but before an actual thought could formulate, I looked up and there was Mr. Smith. 

Fuck. I couldn't figure out if I should be scared, or turned on. 

Mr. Atwood asked me if I was feeling alright. I looked up at him and Mr. Smith, and tried to act confident. I tried to act sexy, and cool, and carefree. But, they could tell I was also a little nervous. 

Mr. Smith asked me how I was doing, and I smiled and smartly replied that I was getting my world rocked. He shyly smiled back and asked me if I would mind rocking his world with one of my nice blow jobs. I honestly just wanted something to do to make the butterflies go away, so I immediately starting undressing him from the waist down. 

Mr. Smith's cock was slightly bigger, but it was definitely not as thick as Mr. Atwood's. I loved the way it felt as it hit the back of my throat, gagging me slightly every time I pushed down onto him. Mr. Atwood went right back to fucking me, and Mr. Smith told me what a dirty whore I was by servicing two teacher's cocks at the same time. I shut my eyes and enjoyed the moment -- it was something I thought only happened in porn. 

Mr. Smith asked Mr. Atwood how my pussy felt, and he bragged that he should try it out for himself to decide. I then sat up between them, and we all finished removing the rest of our clothes. Mr. Smith started to play with my tits, and Mr. Atwood started slapping his cock near my lips. I took him inside my mouth, and then looked again at Mr. Smith to see if he also wanted some oral attention. I went back and forth sucking their cocks for a few minutes, and then Mr. Smith got between my legs and forced his long hard cock inside my pussy. 

For the rest of the afternoon, they both fucked me in any position they could arrange me. Mr. Atwood didn't cum again for a long time, but Mr. Smith pulled out twice and came all over my tits. He had taken a break, so I climbed on top of Mr. Atwood while he sat on the chair in the corner. I slid my pussy down onto him, and slowly rode him for about ten minutes. I shoved my tits in his face and grinded my pussy against his cock in hopes that he would orgasm again. I loved making Mr. Atwood cum earlier in the day, and it was my mission to do it at least one more time. 

As I worked my pussy on him, I heard Mr. Smith stand up behind me. I could feel him approach me, and soon I felt him kiss the back of my neck. I felt his hands move to the front of my chest, squeezing my nipples as I continued to ride Mr. Atwood. I closed my eyes as his hands went down further, reconnecting on the small of my back and then firmly onto my hips and ass. 

I felt Mr. Smith remove his right hand, and then a few seconds later felt his middle finger touching my asshole. I leaned into Mr. Atwood a little so that my ass pushed out slightly. Mr. Smith's finger slipped all the way into my ass, and the air was sucked into my chest with one big gasp. It felt so tight, but so good. 

My pussy was completely soaked, so Mr. Smith was able to get enough juice to finger my asshole with some speed. I felt him insert another finger, and it made my pussy clench even harder against Mr. Atwood's cock. At this point Mr. Smith was inserting two, and then three fingers into my ass; I was cumming over and over onto Mr. Atwood's cock, and I had no clue if he was able to notice or not. 

Finally Mr. Smith took his fingers out, stroked himself a little, and then slowly started to insert his raging hard cock into my ass. Once he was finally able to get his entire shaft inside of me, I bounced myself up and down on both cocks. Mr. Smith continued to grab my tits and pinch my nipples as Mr. Atwood talked dirty to me and pulled my hair. He told me over and over that if I expected an "A" in art class, I better be able to make him cum again. 

I started really pushing myself down onto their cocks, so much so that Mr. Smith could no longer take it. I felt his cum burst into my ass all in one shot, and then he slipped right out of me. He finished himself off by jacking the rest onto my back, and then he stumbled backwards towards the bed. Within seconds Mr. Atwood pushed me off and bent me over Mr. Smith so that I could clean his cock. 

As I licked the cum-mixture from Mr. Smith's cock, I could feel Mr. Atwood push himself slowly into my ass. In just a few short pumps, Mr. Atwood started cumming deep into my ass. He was moaning louder than me at that point, and I remember thinking it was the best fuck I'd ever had. As he pulled out, I felt his cum drip out of my ass and down the lips of my engorged pussy, and I reached between my legs to try and catch it. Once I felt the hot liquid hit my fingertips, I rubbed as much as I could into my hand and slowly started licking my fingers. I went back for seconds, and then thirds, and then collapsed with my teachers on the bed. 

We fucked for the next four hours, slept for the next five, and then woke up to fuck two more times. As Mr. Atwood drove me home the next morning, I reflected on the previous twelve hours. I got so turned on that I had to run straight upstairs and play with my pussy as soon as I walked through my bedroom door. 

Summer school is lame, but the teachers make it completely worth it.