 She wasn't thinking about what she was doing. She was absorbing the experience in almost a daze. But at the same time, there was nothing vague or small about what she was feeling.

It was animalistic. Invigorating. Like a little adrenaline mixed with a runner's high poured over a molten bed of lust.

Her eyes were fixed on her cock as it drove relentlessly in and out of Mrs. McCoy's lush body. Mandy Falon was brutally fucking another woman. She had been for nearly an hour. And it was the most exciting and surreal thing she had ever done.

The rubber strap-on seemed a part of her now. It was her cock. And Gloria's pussy was wrapped around it, cumming over and over again.

The older woman's enormous tits would slap her in the face with every impact... when Mandy didn't happen to be using them as big squishy handlebars.

"Turn over again," she grunted. She could tell the woman was tired and no doubt she was sore. But there was some kind of perverted pride driving her. Gloria had demanded that the fit young girl fuck her hard and long. To exhaust herself plowing her fat cunt.

And Mandy had done exactly that. She had a couple of friends on the team that were completely mental about working out and she well knew it wasn't as if she was the strongest or fastest at anything. But her running, light weight training and long volleyball practices had the coed in very good condition.

She was giving the lush swinger more cock then a horny, twenty-man gangbang mob.

Gloria made it back to her knees and moaned weakly as Mandy took a strong grip on her hips and dug the big fake dick in hard. The woman's big ass cheeks were blotching from slaps and abrasion and her whole body was dripping with sweat. Fair enough; Mandy was sweating now too.

Of course, she was doing all the work.

Movement on the bed caught her attention though didn't slow the pumping of her hips. Gloria's husband and Mandy's younger sister were getting frisky again.

Billy had been fucking the Falon sisters all day, off and on. Really, his stamina was pretty amazing. But they'd just been sitting and watching for quite a while now. It seemed he was finally ready to do a little more. She watched her whore sister trying to take his thick cock down her throat and failing again.

"You want more cock, don't you, you little slut?" Willam asked her fondly. He lifted her head by her hair and looked her in the eyes. "Say it. You want more?"

Saliva dripping from her chin, she looked him in the eyes and "Fuck me. Oh god, your cock is so amazing, Mr. McCoy."

He shifted and rolled his way across the bed, moving her ahead of him. When he reached the far side near his wife and her sister, he got to his feet and got her on her back

Now the horny teen and his moaning wife were side by side, Cindy's firm tits standing high, Gloria's enormous pillows dangling all the way to the bed. He watched Mandy plow his wife for a moment while he toyed the head of his cock against Cindy's ravaged slit. She tried to push back and capture him. "Fuck me," she whined.

Mandy slowed her assault on Gloria's ravaged gash and stared as Williams fat cock slid effortlessly into her gaping clam. Cindy was shaved smooth down there and she could see everything. Her swollen mound absorbed the big cock without effort and in a blink of the eye, Billy's groin was pressed tightly to hers.

Cindy sighed when he struck bottom and moaned as he slowly withdrew. The motion pulled her labia out and cause her little clit to protrude.

When William slowly sank into the teen again, Mandy mirrored his movement. Watching her little sister's cunt wetly engulf the fat member was mesmerizing.

Bill was well aware of the young woman's scrutiny. He could also see how the fat rubber cock she wore was stretching out his bride's experienced hole. His cock pulsed deep inside Cindy. She felt his steel hardness but also the beat of his life's blood.

"Fuck, that's so amazing, Mr. McCoy," she moaned. She pulled her legs back all the way to her chest, turning up her ass while also pressing her thighs around her stuffed sex. The pressure on her sensitive regions made her eyes roll into the back of her head

Mandy watched Billy's cock slowly emerge again, extruding from Cin's puffy clam. She rocked back in tandem and when the man jabbed himself back into her slut sister, she bottomed out in Gloria again at the same time.

Billy didn't know what to do with his own eyes. Watch Cindy's tits get squeezed between her knees, her pixy face twisted with lust or the thousand-yard stare of her older sister watching her cream on his cock.

Not to mention the obscene sight of thick latex log reaming out the love of his life.

Eyes going like pinballs and cock throbbing with intent, he fucked the teen. The coed matched him stroke for stroke, Gloria moaning low and Cindy squealing. "Turn her back over," he instructed. "We can both see everything."

William nearly lost control when he watched the fat rubber dong popped out of his wife's ravaged how. He had to pull out of the teen and take several deep breaths.

Gloria collapsed back onto her stomach. The elder Falon twisted one way, bending over her lush, spent body and swept and lifted the older woman's legs into a roll. It almost looked like a judo move and in the blink of an eye Mrs. McCoy was on her back staring up and the tall, glistening hard-body.

Gloria McCoy had been swinging for nearly a decade and had spent plenty of time with her legs wide open even before that. But William didn't think he'd ever seen his wife's cunt in such a state.

Even red and swollen, it was gaping open like a bass. He let out a long, low whistle. "Holy fuck baby, your gash is trashed!" William never worried about his wife; he knew she could take pretty much anything and also had the common sense to set her own limits if necessary.

Nevertheless, he exchanged a careful look with his bride, gauging her mood and checking for distress. Gloria looked wiped out. Completely exhausted. But she was also doing nothing to close her legs.

In fact, when she saw her husband's gaze shift from her eye's to Mandy's surrogate cock, they widened a hair.

Grinning with bravado, he looked up at the coed and, maintaining eye contact, slammed his hard meat back into her little sister. "Get back in there and try to keep up."

"Oh, yes!" squealed Cindy, shaking under the impacts of his renewed assault. "Fuck me with that man-cock!"

A low chuckle emanated from Gloria, visible as soft waves across her fat breasts. The old girl didn't seem quite out of the game yet. She spread herself open with both hands. She was very aware of the tenderness of her swollen sex but she wasn't going to be left out. "You heard my man. Get that big thing back in me."

Mandy held his eyes with a steel gaze and matched his very next thrust to the microsecond. Four bodies slapped in stereo and three voices moaned.

Mandy's thin mouth turned up a hair as she subtly took control, speeding up the pace. William matched her stroke for stroke. Soon Gloria was moaning uncontrollably as her cunt came wetly all over the fake cock. The meaty slaps turned into wet splats as she gushed.

Huffing and grunting, William fought hard to control the lava in his balls. Cindy started screaming as she joined his wife in orgasm. The way the teen's pussy juiced and squeezed around him was making his legs shake and his eyes spin around in opposing orbits.

He pulled out of the girl. He dared not even touch himself. He was on a hair-trigger.

Mandy didn't slow down but her mouth broadened, her subtle smile turning into a smirk. She watched his dripping cock bob hotly while she fucked the thick body beneath her.

Billy watched her in turn, trying to cool himself but so turned on by everything it was almost impossible.

He let the coed play her game while he reigned in his boiling need. Cindy rolled on her side, nearly in a fetal position. Her eyes were open and bright though and she watched her sister power-fuck the older woman.

Finally, Billy stepped close and placed a hand on the small of Mandy's sweaty, sculpted back. He pressed his lush lips to her neck and inhaled the odor of her healthy exertion. He gently tugged on the harness said softly in her ear "Slow down so I can unhook this. I'm going to cum in that tight pussy of yours."

The coed petered to a stop, eyes wide, staring forward. William kissed her shoulder as he unbuckled the harness. Mandy could feel his slick, burning cock against her hip as he pushed the loosened belt down past her hard buttocks.

The fat toy stayed buried in Goria though Mandy would no longer be able to thrust with it.

With practiced ease, Billy guided the girl with a hand on the back of her neck, bending her over his wife as he stepped behind her. He nudged her feet farther apart, both opening up her sweet clam and lowering the tall girl's hips.

His cock head slid between her thighs and along her swollen crease. Seeing no point in hesitation, he found the right angle and pushed.

"Aaahhhh," Mandy said, mouth gaping as her very wet but very snug pussy stretched around the fat intruder. She supported herself by burying her hands in Gloria's soft tits.

Billy probably took five seconds to bury his entire length in the girl. It was a single slow but powerful invasion of her tight space and it's a miracle he didn't erupt.

Even when his hairy belly snugged up against her ass, he continued forward, pressing the coed firmly into his wife's open legs.

"My god, you're still so tight. It's probably been twenty years since I felt anything like this." He ran his hands down her muscular back and briefly kneaded her hard ass. If one can knead marble. She could feel every beat of his heart through his pulsing cock as he held it buried deep inside her toned body.

Thin white cream trickled down his balls as her pussy was overcome by the sensations. She silently came, hands clawing at Gloria's tits. "Fuck, sweat young pussy creaming all over my old cock."

Gloria watched the young woman's face as she continued to climax. Gloria felt her tremors through the dildo pressed into her body along with the urgent pressure her husband exerted against them both. Her worn gash throbbed, still not quite defeated by the hour-long pounding the coed had delivered.

William slowly withdrew, watching Mandy's hole drag and slurp along his length. Glistening girl-cream covered his dick and made a thick ring of foam when he shoved back in. "Glo, you're going to love snacking on this sweet thing's sweet thing after I'm done with it."

He proceeded to fuck the girl with smooth, firm strokes and, by extension, pleasured his wife at the same time. The couple locked eyes. William grew more urgent. His nostrils flared and he huffed and shook. "Oh god. So good."

Somehow the urgency of his movements penetrated Mandy's fogged mind and the elation of her fading orgasm was pushed aside by new, building need. It felt impossible to her but she knew she would cum again when Billy released. And there was only one possible place she wanted him to deposit his load.

"Come on. Fuck me! Fill my god damn cunt!"

"Oh god," he moaned again, at a loss for words and fighting the desperate need to unload with every shred of will.

"Yeah," Cindy said softly, mesmerized. "Creampie the stuck-up bitch."

Mandy growled and stiffened between the McCoys. William whimpered, knowing only seconds remained. He grabbed a handful of the coed's hair and pulled, forcing her to rise and straighten. "Shut up and help your sister. Get in there and rub her clit."

Cindy scrambled into the pile of bodies. She forced her hand between the base of the toy and Mandy's beaver. Her bush was a creamy mess.

"I know you're going to cum again, little girl," he huffed, jerkily pounding on her.

Gloria grabbed hold of the girl's hard little tits, already cumming herself. "Do it, baby! Blast her cunt!"

His wife's demand and eager roughness of her voice forced him to obey. A final jab pressed his swollen helmet against Mandy Falon's womb and the swinger convulsed.

Even though she knew it was coming, the hot intensity of Williams powerful eruption shocked her. Her entire body bucked as she came, yanking her hair out of his grip and falling against Gloria's titty-grip. "Fuck!" she screamed, no other thought in her head.

William huffed and guffawed as he pulsed and jetted inside her collapsing tightness. He felt like his life was flowing out of his engorged penis and into the fit young girl. Almost didn't seem fair.

Cindy backed away on the bed and just watched her sister cum like a slut.

William fought fatigue. He felt like he probably wouldn't be able to fuck again for a month after that but the whole day had been so hot he was still very turned on. There were a couple more dirty deeds we wanted to see and do.

First, he pulled his softening unit out of Mandy. Rubbing his eyes, he tried to focus on the harness hanging loosely around her thighs. He nudged the swooning coed forward onto his wife. He started wiggling the belts father down her body even though the dildo was still wedged inside Gloria.

With shoves and encouragement and a little help, he got her moving up Gloria's body and out of the harness. He slipped two fingers into her dripping sex, still marveling at her continued tightness. She whimpered and tried to move away. He withdrew and put his fingers in his mouth.

The tastes made his ears burn and his heart pound. About the only part of his body that didn't react to the flavor of distilled sex was his spent cock.

"Come on baby, let Glow eat your creamy goodies," he said softly as he guided her along the older woman's body until groin approached face.

"Come to momma," said Mrs. McCoy.

Mandy whimpered again when the woman's tongue first teased along her swollen labia.

William had no intention of leaving Cindy out. "Come here and taste your sister on my cock, little cuddle-slut."

William ended up on his back next to his wife while the depraved teen slurped sex-nectar from his shrunken cock and hairy balls.

He was able to watch Gloria somehow bring Mandy to yet another orgasm while sipping at her draining hole.

When his package was clean, Cindy snuggled up on top of the old swinger and kissed him deeply. "So, am I invited to your next orgy?"