 All characters are over eighteen. All people and places are fictional

*****

Saturday rolled around too quickly. I'm basically a quiet, shy kind of guy, and the thought of taking my neighbor's eighteen-year-old daughter and her friend to a swinger club to get fucked made me really uncomfortable. But I had dug myself a hole I couldn't get out of, and I felt like I needed to keep an eye on them as best I could.

Summer and I couldn't just drive out of my driveway together dressed in party clothes, so we made arrangements to meet up at a shopping mall parking lot.

"Marcy chickened out," Summer said as she stepped out of her car.

Good lord, the girl was smokin' hot. I had seen her dressed up occasionally, at a distance from my house, but close up, in her full sexy clothes, she was a jaw dropper. I'm sure she thought the little red dress made her look grown up, but to me it screamed "I'm a hot teen and I want you to fuck me!"

"I kinda thought she might back out," I said. "I was hoping you would too."

"You party pooper," she said. "If you don't get in the right mood for this you're not gonna have any fun. Do like you told me for orgasms...just let yourself fly free. Nothing bad's gonna happen."

"Hey, if we get there and it's awesome I'll have as much fun as anybody. As long as you don't go too crazy. Please keep in mind that I'm responsible for you. It's important."

"I will. I think it's sweet that you care about me so much."

Summer got in my car and off we went, about twenty minutes outside the city to a very quiet country road.

"He said we can't miss it," Summer said. "It's a big house with lots of lights."

Sure enough, we rounded a bend with nothing around but trees, and there, in the middle of an old farm field, was a huge Italianate house lit up like Times Square. We pulled up where some other cars were parked, in front of a carriage house style garage four times as big as my house. It was connected to the Main house with an enclosed bridge with more cars parked underneath.

"Oh my God!" Summer said as she looked around.

"I guess it's not a bunch of sleaze bags in a dirty motel, is it?" I said. 

We walked up to the main entrance and a well dressed man ushered us in, asked our name and introduced us to the man Summer had spoken to on the phone.

"Summer! I'm so glad you came," he said, and he kissed her on the cheek. "My goodness, you look good enough to eat."

Summer introduced me to Randy, and he gave us a tour, filling us in on some swinging etiquette, since we were new to it all, and the rules of the club. Our first visit was on the house, and then if we wanted to join, the club would take an informal vote and we would have to pay an annual fee of one-thousand dollars per couple. Single women paid five-hundred dollars, but Randy said Marcy could be part of our 'couple' for the first year. They also had special fundraising events during the year to help keep things going.

The house was pretty amazing, but quiet. As we ascended the big staircase the atmosphere changed. I could hear dance music off in the distance as we made our way down a long hallway, and people dressed in their best sexy clothes started to appear, along with some that were hardly dressed at all. 

The rooms we were passing appeared to be bedrooms, and there was already some action in some of them.

"All of the rooms on this floor are for club use," Randy said. "Use them any way you wish. They're all stocked with supplies—condoms, lube, sanitized toys. An open door generally means you can join in if you'd like."

As we passed people in the hallway Randy introduced us, and then we crossed the bridge we had seen when we drove in, to the upstairs of the carriage house. It was a huge open room with a soaring post and beam cathedral ceiling, a large lounge area, a long bar with a topless bartender, and a nice big dance floor with flashing lights and throbbing music. I looked at Summer and she smiled.

"Everything's on the house, but we encourage tipping the bartender," Randy said. "She's a college student and a stripper downtown, so she can use the money. Enjoy yourselves. The best advice I can give new people is don't be pushy. Just let things flow naturally and I'm sure you'll have a wonderful time. I'll be around if you have any questions at all."

After Randy wandered off Summer and I had a look around and made our way to the bar. I ordered a whisky and water and Summer got a 7-up. The cute bartender made it look like a cocktail with a twist of lime. I gave her a nice tip.

"You sure you don't want me to get a boob job? I want tits like those," Summer said as she watched the bartender walk away.

"If everybody had tits like those it'd be pretty boring, wouldn't it?" I said. "You're perfect Summer. You're the sexiest girl I've ever seen. Speaking of sexy, where'd you get that little dress?"

"A store up near the University. They sell prom dresses and stuff."

As Summer spoke a well dressed couple approached us.

"I believe you folks are new here," the man said. "I'm John, this is my wife Mindy."

"Hi John. Hi Mindy. I'm Alan and this is Summer," I said as we all shook hands.

"So what brings an interesting couple like you to Swingtime?" Mindy asked.

"I guess that was me," Summer said. "I got kinda obsessed with the idea."

"Really!" Mindy said. "Someone so young? Are you even old enough to think about such things?"

"I'm eighteen. Alan mentioned it to me and I decided I had to find out what went on here."

"She decided she was coming with or without me," I said, "so I thought I'd better come along and keep an eye on her. I'll be honest with you, I pictured something much sleazier than this."

"Keep an eye on her...that sounds like a fatherly thing to do," Mindy said. "Are you two..."

"Alan's my lover, but he knows my parents," Summer said. "He's trying to keep me from going off the deep end, right Alan?"

"Interesting!" Mindy said, smiling at me.

"What a tangled web we weave," I said shaking my head, slightly embarrassed at the situation.

John and Mindy were in their thirties, and quite ordinary looking, but they had that certain sexy aura that some folks just seem to be born with. Charming and easy to talk to, Summer and I both found ourselves swept away.

Still standing at the bar, Mindy's hand found my quickly bulging crotch. As Summer and John watched she went down into the sexiest squat I've ever seen, took my cock out of my pants and started giving me a blow-job. Actually, calling it a blow-job does it a disservice—she gave me a quick trip to heaven and back, my cock disappearing over and over into the sexiest face ever.

As it was happening Summer took the initiative and was soon going down on John, the look on his face telling me he probably hadn't been with an eighteen-year-old in a while.

The whole scene was surreal—people walking around in various states of undress, a throbbing, darkly colorful dance floor with a few nearly naked women in the mix, a lounge area with big white leather couches where a little bit of everything was going on.

Mindy kissed me with a mouth full of my own cum. I never would have thought I'd like that kind of thing, but it was incredibly sensual and sent my head spinning even more than it was.

"Dance with me?" she asked as she tucked my cock back into my pants.

Summer was just finishing off John, and he groaned as Mindy took my hand and pulled me to the dance floor. I'm no kinda dancer, as Robert Earl Keen so eloquently says, but the room was infused with the spirit of sexiness, so I took my own advice and let myself fly free. My sport jacket was soon off, tossed on the pile of clothes on a couch against the wall, and Mindy unbuttoned my shirt. She was a ridiculously sexy dancer—some people just have it—and the music had us bumping and grinding and grabbing in the most wonderful of ways.

I had almost forgotten about Summer when I saw her dancing with John. Mindy danced us over to join them. The music was loud, unrelenting, and wonderfully infectious.

"I think we should get more comfortable," I heard Mindy yell to Summer.

Mindy's hands went behind her as she danced and a moment later she was stepping out of her shimmery little silver dress. She danced over and tossed it on the couch, returning to me like a vision in her black lingerie. Summer smiled at me and did the same, dancing back to John in Victoria's Secret's finest dark red lace. Needless to say, he had a huge smile on his face. It wasn't long before we were all hot, in more ways than one.

"If you want to keep an eye on Summer we can all get a room together," Mindy said over the loud music.

There was a twinkle in her eye that told me she wanted to get her hands on my little nymph too. We walked across into the main house, found an empty room, and Mindy shut the door.

"Did Randy tell you how things work around here?" Mindy asked. "Shutting the door means we won't be disturbed. Leaving it open means we're 'open for business' so to speak. That can be fun too, but if you want to ease into things maybe just the four of us might be better. And Summer, no means no around here. Everybody respects it, so don't be afraid to say it if you're uncomfortable about anything, okay"

"Okay," Summer said, and then she smiled. "But I think I'm more of a yes girl."

"This is certainly turning out to be a night to remember," John said, smiling as he removed the last of his clothing.

"You sir," Mindy said to me, "seem to be the last one with pants on around here."

I didn't see it happen, but Summer was naked. John bent down to kiss her and his hands went to her perfect little ass.

"Are you worried about her, or do you just like to watch?" Mindy said to me as she helped me strip.

"I'm sorry, I'm just still kind of astonished when I see her naked," I said. "She's been my next door neighbor for years, and this all just happened a week ago."

"Oh my," Mindy said. "I can only imagine what seeing her like this does to you. Lucky me, I get to reap the benefits."

I was sitting on the end of the bed, and Mindy went to her knees again and sucked me in. I could hear faint screams coming from a nearby room, but the scene was mostly quiet as the four of us softly moaned.

John backed Summer up until her legs hit the bed, and she tumbled onto her back. He went to his knees like Mindy had, and buried his face in Summer's newly shaved pussy.

"You folks sure do treat visitors nicely," I said quietly as Mindy's mouth swept me away again. Summer giggled.

"It's not often we get such and interesting and sexy couple wandering in," Mindy said, stroking my slippery length with her thin fingers.

She pushed me down on the bed, my head landing right beside Summer's, and she climbed on for the night's first ride. Her pussy was shaved too, except for a little racing stripe of soft black hair. It matched the raven hair on her head that was cut in short, loose curls, and the dark, almost black eyes that flared as my cock filled her.

"Oh Alan! God you feel good!" she said.

She sat almost still with every bit of me in her, and put her hands on my chest. Her hips started a slow grind, her lips parted as her eyes closed, and lovely breathy moans rose from deep within her.

"You don't mind it slow for a few minutes do you?" she whispered in the sexiest voice ever. "You feel heavenly."

I was thankful I came in her mouth at the bar, because otherwise I would have popped as soon as I'd heard her say that. I still nearly did, but thinking about Summer's father killing me saved the day, and I regrouped to see if I could withstand more of Mindy's sexy assault.

"Oh fffuu-uck!" Summer said, almost in my ear. "Oh fffuu-uck!

She was almost choking on the words, so good was the tongue work John was giving her. Her little body writhed in that wonderful way I adored, and moments later she had one of those crazy good orgasms that leave no doubt she's a sexy nymph.

"Wow!" Mindy said as she picked up speed riding me. "We hit the jackpot Johnny. Fuck!" she said as she threw her head back and accelerated.

My hands went to her soft tits for the first time and she leaned forward into them and started fucking more of the length of me with her hips. She looked down at me, her dark eyes locking with mine as the fever in us climbed to the boiling point. I have no idea why, but I was hanging on like a pro. Her sweet pussy fucked me as good as anything I've ever experienced, like those wild sluts in porn, and I rose to the occasion staying with her until an orgasm swept through her, her body tensing, her breath held, her eyes fluttering as her lungs emptied with a deep dark groan. She dropped her head down and kissed me deeply.

"A lot of men can't make me cum you know," she said quietly. "You're on my 'special' list."

As I emerged from Mindy's magic world I heard Summer and turned to see John taking her from behind. She was doggie style on the bed, down very low with her upper body flat and her knees wide apart. The noises coming from her were pure sex.

"God she's a sexy thing, isn't she," Mindy said.

John was giving it to her deep with a bigger cock than mine, and Summer was lost in it.

"Has she had two guys at once yet?" Mindy asked.

Summer heard her and could only groan her approval as her eyes opened and she looked at me. I got low on my knees in front of her, and the sweet girl sucked my still achingly hard cock in, cleaning Mindy's pussy juice off as John's deep thrusts drove her mouth on and off of me.

Summer came hard from the dual sensations and John pulled out and gushed onto her sweet ass. Mindy got on her hands and knees and rolled Summer over. She licked her pussy and then looked back at me.

"Give it to me baby. Fill me up with cum," Mindy said.

John went to work on Summer's tits while Mindy licked her pussy, and I plunged into Mindy's depths. I needed to cum, and fucking a sexy woman I had just met, doggie style like my dreams no less, was just the way to do it. My cock was harder than it had ever been in my life, and I pummeled sweet Mindy. She absorbed it like the sexy slut that she was, and soon my cock went up in flames, filling me with searing heat as it burned. Summer came again on Mindy's tongue, and her eyes locked with mine as we both crested the wave.

Swingtime Social Club. The little girl got it right dragging me there, that's for sure. Next time we'd have to bring Marcy.