 So, there'll be one more chapter after this...

Gloria managed to escape the office just after four. She'd had sex on the brain all day and couldn't wait to get to her husband.

Since her husband had taken the day off, she'd seen to it that he got it started off right with an enthusiastic double whammy. She'd drunk one load straight from his cock and then wrung another into her pussy less than twenty minutes later, riding like a madwoman.

Okay, so it had hadn't entirely been for just his benefit.

He'd rolled over and gone back to sleep and she'd put herself together and went to work, energized and still horny.

She'd been thinking about him home alone in the house, lounging by the pool all day waiting to ravage her again. It made her even warmer than the summer heat could account for.

On the drive home, she was debating whether to have dinner first or just fuck him the instant she got in the door.

Part of it depended on if he was still indeed alone at the house. Gloria and William had been active swingers for over a decade and had a significant circle of like-minded friends. Any number of willing partners could have taken advantage of her gifted husband that day.

She was still debating whether to have the steak or go straight to the sausage when she pulled into the driveway. There were no extra vehicles about so it looked like she would have her man to herself. "Sausage" was definitely starting to pull ahead. She could feel her slick pussy lips sliding against each other as she got out of the car.

Inside, she stopped short. The couch was missing from the living room. Not unheard of but William would have needed help to move it. Curious and ever more aroused, she strode to the patio doors.

Even the experienced swinger was surprised by what she saw. The McCoys only played with age-appropriate friends. She would have never guessed that her husband would be entertaining the two neighbor girls.

There was no possibility the girls were there for an innocent visit. No matter how many times in the past they had used the pool, they'd never been stark naked before.

The older Falon girl, Mandy, was laying out on an inflatable raft in the middle of the small in-ground pool. Her long, lean body was a vision, Gloria had to admit. The girl was home from college, apparently. Gloria couldn't recall if she was quite twenty-one yet.

Damn, she was fit though. She was on a partial volleyball scholarship and Glo knew she'd always had a fitness bent. Lean and tall and bronze almost everywhere. Tan lines did highlight the zones the girls normally kept covered around the pool.

But not today. The girl's small but high-pointing tits were on full display and getting a rare treat of sun.

The missing couch was on the deck and there were two people entwined on it.

Cindy was the younger Falon girl. They looked like twins in their faces but Cindy had a lot of extra curves. She was paler, a bit shorter and Gloria could now see the heavy handfuls she'd been growing under her bras the last couple of years. She was eighteen, just graduated from high school, and Gloria was slightly conflicted about seeing such a young girl here like this.

Meaning specifically in the arms of her forty-something husband, the hands of each resting on the other's most interesting body parts.

Gloria considered giving the girls a scare by rushing in with the "enraged wife" act but they all honestly looked so content that just seemed too mean. Instead, she turned around and went back into the house. It didn't look like the trio was going anywhere and she wanted to wash the day off her body before she joined the fun.

*****

Billy wondered what time it was. This time of the summer, the sun stayed up so long it was hard to tell. He knew he was getting hungry. He also knew his wife had to be getting home soon.

It was that prospect that prevented him from swinging the horny teen on his lap around and plugging his big cock back up her cooch. He was a man of amazing control and impressive stamina but he was also past forty and had a limited number of rounds in the barrel.

He'd cum twice in rapid succession with his wife that morning. Then twice more over the course of several hours entertaining his lovely young neighbors. He had some gas left in the tank... right at that moment his cock was thick and throbbing and ready for anything it got pointed at... but he needed to ration it.

He knew his wife would have no objections to how he had entertained himself with the two young women. But there'd be hell to pay if he wore himself out to the point that he couldn't provide her satisfaction when she got home.

Her punishments for such transgressions generally involved his ass and her toys.

Nevertheless, he inevitably turned his attention back to Cindy's body. She had the most amazing tits. Generous C cups that felt heavy in his hand yet still stood proud and round on her teen frame. Their subtle sway and jiggle were mesmerizing.

William McCoy was a lusty man that deeply appreciated every aspect of the female form. But at heart, he was a breast man. Truth to tell, they were his fetish. He'd spent the last hour picturing young Cindy bound up tightly in his ropes, tits squeezed and swelling between his expertly applied windings...

William shuddered and fresh lube bubbled from his cock.

"Holy crap, girl, you're making my man so horny I think he's going to burst." said a startling voice. Turning toward the house, he saw his wife watching them.

The girls saw her too. "Oh ohh," Cindy whispered. Billy felt her tense in his lap. But that was followed by "Damn, look at those tits," equally softly.

Glo strode onto the deck. She'd showered, dried and brushed her hair and put on a little makeup. She looked like she was ready for a night on the town.

Except she hadn't bothered to put any clothes on. At 5'2", Gloria McCoy had a lush figure. She was well padded everywhere, most of all in her F-cup breasts. No one would mistake her for a model or a health nut but she was one hundred and ten percent woman and she moved easily in her body.

"Let me see what you got there." She said casually. The teen froze as Billy's wife came close and bent down over them. She squeezed the swollen head of his cock with her fingers. "Hmmm," she said, staring him in the eyes. She reached farther down to weigh his balls. "I'd say you've been playing all day but you've only nutted twice."

She stood straight and looked sternly at them, "But, you've got him much to riled up for me to get any use out of him now." She gave the girl a nudge off her husband and then pulled on his arm. "Come on, up, you horny old bugger," she said.

William got to his feet with a wary look on his face. What was his wife going to do? Before he took two steps, she gave him a shove saying, "go cool off."

He tumbled into the pool.

Gloria stood over him when he surfaced, glancing at her husband and then at the older girl who had sat up, straddling the float. "How you doing, Mandy? Home from school I see. And I assume that boy of yours didn't make the trip this time either?"

Mandy shrugged, trying to read the woman's mood. And trying not to stare too obviously at her big tits and thick bush. "Hi Mrs. McCoy. No, Nathan's on a dig in Peru." Her voice trailed off a bit as she realized she had nothing to follow up with.

Gloria looked around at the trio. "Hands on the deck, mister. You're in a time out." Pouting at her, Billy put his hands on the edge of the pool. He hadn't really been touching himself though.

Much.

"Okay, so who's idea was this?"

"Ours," Cindy said. She'd gotten to her feet and approached the older woman. "I was bored, Mandy was bitching about missing her dweeb and it just so happens we knew your secret."

Gloria turned on her. The teen was an inch or two taller but it didn't matter. Gloria had presence. "And what secret might that be?"

William answered. "The little sneaks have been spying on our parties."

Not to have the reveal stolen complete, Cindy added, "Your sexy swinging parties where you fill the room with naked bodies and suck and fuck all night." She looked Gloria right in the eyes. She pressed her pale, perky teen C-cups into the woman's massive dusky mountains.

Gloria looked the girl up and down. "You shouldn't spy on people," she said. She stepped forward and bumped the girl back. "And you should ask before borrowing my property." she bumped the girl back again. Cindy squealed when she came up short and fell onto the couch.

"You're mom's been talking about what a little slut you've turned into. I should have known you'd want a crack at my stud." She got in the girl's face. "You going to pay my rental fee?"

Cindy clearly didn't know what Gloria meant. Until the swinger lifted one foot onto the couch and ran her fingers down her sex. "You learn to eat pussy yet, little tramp?"

The teen tossed her hair back and met the woman's eyes. "You tell me if I've learned anything," she said. She ran a hand up the back of Gloria's thigh and grabbed hold of her ass. Or tried too; there was a lot of ass back there.

She tilted her head and wedged her face between the lady's thick thighs. Gloria inhaled as the girl's tongue wiggled its way through her folds with some degree of skill. "Oh, well, that's a pleasant surprise," she said. She planted her hand atop the girl's head and hunched into her mouth. "I think this little hottie must swing both ways."

"Jesus fuck, Cind," came an outraged shout from the pool. "You fucking bi little tramp!"

Cindy had a free hand which she showed to her sister with only the middle finger raised.

Mandy dumped off the float and churned in their direction. William just wore a bemused smile.

Gloria watched the coed approaching and had an idea. "Mandy, go get that float and bring it with you. I need something to lay on." While one girl fetched the mattress, Mrs. McCoy coaxed the other to her feet with a handful of hair.

The tips of the pale teen's torpedo tits were swollen like souffles. "Damn girl, Billy-goat's gotta be going nuts over those puppies." She got a good feel of one of them. The way their heft straddled the ling between firm and pliant made even Gloria's mostly hetero mouth water.

When the mattress arrived, Gloria guided herself and Cindy down onto it. She spread her legs and urged the teen's face against her mound. "How many times did my husband make you cum?" she asked.

"Oh god" the girl said right into the swinger's sex. "Probably like twenty times! And he just stayed hard even though he fucked both of us!"

Hearing the girl's almost worshipful tone made Gloria's nipples throb. She absolutely loved it when her man demonstrated his talents to other women. "Well then, you better get to work. You owe me for each orgasm my stud gave you."

Cindy didn't hesitate to plunge several fingers into the woman and dig her tongue against her shrouded clit.

"He do the same for you?" Gloria asked the other girl still standing above them.

Mandy sighed, "Sort of. Except I'm not a gape-cunted slut like my sister. He's got such a big cock, we really had to go slow." She smiled in a fond, absent kind of way. "But I still came, like, eight times on his hand and his mouth and that insane dick."

Cindy was making Gloria feel very good. She was laying back now, soaking in the feeling of building pleasure. It took her a minute to focus back on the conversation. "So you owe me too. I have slightly different plans for you. You still spend a lot of time at the gym? Your cardio good?"

Mandy's long, powerful thighs, flat, faintly define abdomen and broad shoulders spoke for themselves. She was long, lean muscle. She forced herself not to pose and just let her body speak for itself. "Yeah. I do 10k on the treadmill five days a week and do light weight training."

Gloria hadn't been asking about her workout schedule but was too distracted to even notice the boast. "Fine. Good. I can use that." her voice strained and a moment later, she clamped her thighs around Cindy's head and climaxed.

A full minute passed before she allowed the teen a decent breath. But she only let her kneel there panting for about ten seconds before spreading herself open again and saying, "That's one. Get back in there, I think about three more good ones will be a nice down payment. After that, we may give my husband something to do."

William climbed out of the pool. He dripped his way over to the trio and rested a hand on Mandy's athletic ass. "I'm going to do something right now." His finger's teased the girl's taint and his other hand gave his cock a good squeeze. Her eyes were automatically drawn to its glistening length.

Gloria saw the girl shiver and chuckled deeply. "Oh baby, looks like you got another hot piece of ass addicted to your cock."

"Hmm, maybe," he said. He touched her shoulder and she read his mind. She dropped to her knees, eyes locked on his majesty. "Watch how she swallows it."

The girl's mouth was open before he spoke and of her own volition, she plunged forward, engulfing all eight thick inches in a single gulp. "Oh god," he said, still somehow surprised by the ease and aggression with which she swallowed him.

"Damn" Gloria commented. She squeezed the other sisters head between her legs. "It took me years to be able to swallow him like that."

Billy took hold of the coeds head and slow-pumped her throat a few times. "She's got an insanely small pussy but I can fuck her skull like it's my hand. Watch."

He proceded pound her face against his groin. She choked and sputtered but took it for a good thirty seconds without resistance. William ended the assault by holding her tight to his root and just feeling her tongue and throat struggle around him.

A gleam in his eye and knowing his wife was watching, he let go of her head but did nothing to move away. Knowing she was being challenged, Mandy resisted the urge to pull away. She gazed up at him with tears in her eyes and grabbed his hairy buns. She kept her mouth grinding against his groin for another whole minute before she felt she had passed the test.

She slid her head off his pulsing cock slowly, still demonstrating perfect control. She let her lips close as his head slid out past them and casually brushed her mouth with the back of her hand.

Gloria came all over Cindy's face again watching the performance. After she caught her breath she said, "Shit that was hot, girl. Top shelf skill." She let the younger sister loose from between her thighs for a moment. "Can you stand up for me, Mand?"

The coed did as asked. She was finding herself strangely biddable. Perhaps it was the maturity of the couple. Or maybe because she missed her boyfriend. Or she was just excited by all the sex.

Glo gave her another instruction. "Go ahead and toss stud-muffin back in the pool. He needs to cool off again."

Billy didn't think she'd do it. She glanced at the deck and saw they were several steps from the pool edge. She looked in his eyes and smiled. William wasn't the least bothered by the fact she was a good three inches taller than he. He wanted to kiss her and squeeze her firm little cupcakes.

As he drew Mandy near, she slid past him, grabbing his wrist. In a twirl, she swung him stumbling through a circle and over the edge into the pool.

McCoy sputtered to the surface in time to hear all the women still laughing. "Okay!" said Gloria. "That deepthroat and that stud-toss deserves an orgasm, I think. Come down and sit on my face, sweetie."

Still biddable and excited, Mandy got on her knees on the inflatable mattress and straddled Mrs. McCoy's grinning mouth. The older woman nudged her younger sister with a foot. "You give my clit a good suck and see if you can make me come again before I get your sister to scream."

William rested his chin on his crossed arms at the side of the pool, watching. Mandy knelt tall on his wife's face, biting her lips and tossing her hair as the experienced woman polished her clit.

Gloria's massive breasts were spread wide. As the older Falon girl grew more excited, she bent and sunk her hands into their pillowy warmth. Glo hummed into her snatch and she wrapped her leg's around the younger Falon's head.

"Oh god," the girl whimpered. "Fuck, that's amazing Mrs, McCoy. You're almost as good as Mr. McCoy."

It wasn't the first time a lover had commented that William was the better pussy licker. It stood to reason. Gloria did it for fun. William did it as a direct expression of lust.

Mandy was moaning deeply and beginning to tremble. "Oh god, you're going to make me cum!"

And then she did. Gloria tasted the fresh flow from the girl's snatch and her own climax triggered. She moaned in turn right into the coed's core.

Moments later, Cindy fought free of Gloria's thick thighs. She scrambled out of reach and plunged her hand into her frustrated snatch. "Damn it, now someone do me!" she cried.

Billy surged out of the pool and made a bee-line for the teen, hard dick leading the charge.

"Freeze, mister!" Gloria commanded.

William did halt. Then he stood there, trying to decide. Continue with his wife's game or just take the girl right there and then.

Knowing she was pushing her luck, Gloria needed to get everyone moving to maintain control. She urges Mandy up and onto her feet. "Two of you take the couch back into the house." She let Mandy help her to her feet.

She pressed close to the tall, slender young woman. Her fingers glided up her legs, across her stomach and ass and along her back. There was virtually no fat on the girl. She wouldn't be mistaken for a bodybuilder but her broad shoulders, flat stomach and sculpted thighs made it obvious she was in good shape.

"We're going to take this into the bedroom where it's more comfortable." She nudged the volleyball player toward the couch and gave her husband a meaningful look. Shrugging mentally, he moved to help Mandy move the couch.

"William, you have permission to do anything to that horny little slut she'll let you," Gloria called as she entered the house. "Mandy's going to give my pussy a workout you'll never be able to match."

It was her secret hope that he would give it his best try, though.

*****

A minute or two later, Gloria led Mandy into the master bedroom. She slid open the mirrored door of the closet. "It will just be a moment while I find something I want you to wear."

Mandy couldn't imagine any article of clothing the short, lushly rounded swinger could have that would fit her tall frame. She nervously twined her fingers together and found herself staring at the woman's ass she bent over and rummaged in the closet. There was a lot of it, but it was so perfectly round and smooth.

Gloria asked, "So Mandy, quick sex quiz. Do you consider yourself submissive or dominant?"

The girl stuttered, "Neither. I don't think I'm either." Her finger's twined harder. She was still feeling horny but was getting very uncomfortable with all the open sexuality. "I don't have a lot of experience sexually."

Gloria let something drop near her feet and stood to appraise Mandy. "You're, what, twenty? Twenty-one? How many men have you had sex with? Or women?"

At that moment Cindy came barreling into the room, running and giggling. She leaped onto the king-sized bed as William came running in after her. He followed her onto the bed and twisted his body around her's. For a few moments, all that could be seen were feet and elbows and flashes of ass, both pale and harry. The girl's giggles went quite when his mouth covered hers.

He had a knee between her legs from behind, one hand filled with a tit and the other all over her yawning clam. Even his foot was twined with hers, teasing the soles of her feet. Both moaned. The teen wiggled excited and yanked on his hard cock.
