 This is the second story in a trilogy. The first story - Summer School: The Introduction - is published under "mature". 

- - -

I used to visit my grandfather Anders regularly when he was an old man and bound to a wheel chair. His brain was still sharp and he entertained me with stories from his life. He was a handsome man, tall and slim. He had done well for himself and lived a luxury life. My grandmother was dead and he had a maid and a private nurse to take care of him. 

His stories were always interesting and now I was eager to hear the end of the story he began at my previous visit in March -52. (See "Summer School, the introduction").

His nurse Charlotte wheeled him into the room. She was in her late twenties, good-looking with a full bosom. Her nurse uniform wasn't fully buttoned up but showed a good deal of very nice cleavage. And when she bent forward over Anders a good part of her lovely breasts showed. To day a button less than usual wasn't done. When she saw my admiring gaze she just smiled and straightened up pushing her breasts forward.

"Well Tom, last time I told you about the sex education our village gave to the youngsters at the mountain pasture and how they were trained to become good in love-making and thus to be good husbands and wives. I told you about my own education as a boy and how mature women from the village introduced me, trained me and also took advantage of my big cock. I also told how the group of youngsters practiced with each other. Today I will tell you about the final evening before we moved back to the village. 

Charlotte, will you ask the maid to bring us some coffee and then you can listen too if you want."

Anders began telling his story:

The last evening came. The old broad had summoned the two adult women Karin and Lisa and the four girls together in late afternoon and we had heard them talk and laugh behind a big boulder surrounded by bushes. We boys gathered as told in early evening and were very excited. Lars, our supervisor, joined us and told us to take our pants off. Hesitantly we obeyed, not knowing the reason.

Suddenly there was big noise and laughter behind the boulder and the females appeared on the other side of the meadow. They started to move towards us, the girls scampering in the way girls do when in a good mode, the women walking with spring in their steps. 

They were all naked including the old broad. 

They scampered slowly over the meadow giving us a good view of their charms. It was a marvelous sight. Even the old broad with her big sagging breasts, gray bush and hanging flesh was somehow sexy.

I guess they got what they intended. We boys got erect from just looking at them. 

The girls knew which boy they should pair with and went directly to him. Elsa came to me. Elsa, the girl who loved to suck cock and the only girl I hadn't yet fucked.

She stopped just before me, lifted my shirt, bent forward and kissed my erect cock. She rose, grabbed my cock and used it to caress her pussy. She stroked herself several times and rotated my cock head over her clit. Her pussy was moist and her clit erect. They must have had a good time behind the boulder.

I looked up and saw the other girls treat their boys similarly.

The old broad stood among us. She stroked her pubic mons a few times and let her fingers sift through her gray bush. She cupped her breasts and fondled them. 

"Boys and girls, listen, let us begin," she yelled to stop us and get our attention. "Lisa and Lars will demonstrate how to fuck a woman's butt. That can be very pleasurable but it's not for young people. It's for later in life if marriage life gets boring Afterwards you are free to fuck any way you want and you should switch partners later on. And you boys should remember that this is the girls' night. Make sure you service them according to their wishes. Lisa and Lars, please start."

Lisa and Lars got into position. Lars had got erect like the rest of us so Lisa had an easy task to get him ready. She just had to freshen up his erection. Lars began to fondle Lisa who knelt resting her head on her arms. The old broad started her detailed explanations about butt fucking and commented the couple's progress.

Elsa stood in front of me and placed my hands on her hips. I followed Lars and began to fondle Elsa's ass cheeks. Now and then I stroked her upper thighs and in between them. Elsa parted her thighs a little at a time when I probed to get deeper in between them. When Lars started to finger Lisa's butt hole I had full access to Elsa's crack.

Lars and Lisa were ready to start the penetration of the ass. When he placed his cock at her butt entrance I put my thumb at Elsa's rose bud and pressed gently. She had by now identified herself with Lisa. Her butt muscles flexed and tightened her butt hole real hard against my thumb just the same as Lisa's butt did when she felt Lars' cock head poke her.

We both pressed on and their sphincter muscles slowly gave way. Lars' cock and my thumb slipped inside our women's butt holes. Lars started to fuck Lisa and I put one finger in Elsa's pussy and the rest over her clit. She moaned and her knees buckled. I followed Lars rhythm but we both had to stop now and then to let the old broad explain different things. Eventually she got quiet and stepped back. That was the signal to Lars and Lisa that they could fuck for pleasure. The old broad was busy frigging herself.

Lars and Lisa seemed to like their fucking the butt. I tried to follow them with my thumb and finger inside Elsa. She intently studied the couple in front of us and got turned on both from them and from my activities. She was totally linked with Lisa. When Lisa moaned Elsa did the same. When Lisa bucked she did. When Lisa started to cry out telling the world that she was close to coming Elsa cried out as well. They came very close to each other.

"Now Tom, that was a good start of the evening, don't you agree?" Anders said smiling deviously at Charlotte and me. - Charlotte rose and leaned over Anders to adjust his blanket. She was standing on the far side of the chair and Anders put his arm around her waist and let his hand drop over her buttocks. On the way back up his hand disappeared under her short skirt. She tensed but smiled and rocked her body. Her breasts welled forward over her bra. Slowly she stood up and withdrew out of Anders reach all the time smiling. She looked at me when she put her breast back in.-

Afterwards Elsa leaned back in my arms supporting herself. Her knees were weak. She looked at me over her shoulder and smiled broadly, happy and content for the moment.

"You have been up her butt, haven't you? Last evening you fucked her ass, didn't you? How did it feel?" She whispered unexpectedly. 

"Yes, yes I have been up her ass. It was a tremendous feeling," I had to admit. I was too taken by surprise to come up with something but the truth.

"And you took Karin in her butt as well, didn't you, with this log?" She said and stroked my cock. "Anna and I heard you. Now I want to get that thing into me. The girls say that it really fills one up. I am sure I will like that. Do you think you can manage to take me first from behind and then I ride you?"

She didn't ask for little I thought. I was pretty turned on myself after the female nude dance, the butt fucking demonstration and the coupling with Elsa. And I hadn't had a session this day with one of the adult teaching women Karin or Lisa. But I had to try. She had challenged me. 

She went down on her hands and knees with her lovely butt at me. I thought quickly. If I entered her directly I would never be able to give her an orgasm and hold back which was what she expected and demanded. I knelt behind her and stroked her ass cheeks and her thighs. She willingly parted her knees. I caressed her slit, pussy and clit. She was warm and moist. After a while I crouched behind her and licked my way from her rosebud to her clit. I circled her clit and put my tongue in her cunt. She moaned of pleasure. I rose and took my cock in my hand and used it to caress her making sure the foreskin covered the glans to avoid getting more aroused. Her moans got higher. It was time. I entered her and fucked her. I slammed hard into her grinding my cock real deep in her pussy and jabbed with short strokes when deep inside. She liked that and came violently, crying out. Karin turned and looked. She smiled at us and stroked her pussy. Elsa's body shook and I held her hips to prevent being thrown out of her pussy.

She calmed down and raised her upper body against my chest. I fondled her breasts, which she liked.

"Oh, that was pleasant and, yes you are still hard," she giggled flexing her cunt muscles around my cock to feel it's hardness. "Well, now it's my turn. Down on your back, please."

I withdrew and lay back. She straddled me and prepared to mount my cock. But I was near to come and thought it best to get her a bit on the way before she rode me. I took her hips and pulled her towards my face. She quickly understood and moved to get her pussy in position above my mouth. She spread her legs to lower her pussy to a comfortable height for me. This girl really was vigorous and eager to make it good for both of us.

I lapped over her pussy and clit. I pulled her a little forward and reached her rosebud. Her butt muscle flexed nervously when I licked the hole. I licked back and fourth until she was moaning again. She was in command though and decided it was time to mount. She impaled herself on my cock and let it take some time. She wanted to enjoy the feeling of being stretched out and slowly take me deeper inside. At last she was seated and I was fully engulfed by her pussy. She sat still while I caressed her body from her breasts down her hips and her back side and back. She started to move slowly up and down but soon her feelings grew and her ride got wilder. I looked up and saw Karin standing just behind her grinning and stroking her pussy. When Elsa moaned Karin put a finger in her pussy and moaned as well. I was ready to come and grunted. Elsa got the message and we nearly came together. When I looked up afterwards I saw a happy Karin with a big smile over her face. She must have come by her own hand.

Elsa lay down on top of me and rested.

"Oh boy, that was more than I thought you were able to," she smiled in my ear. "Your cock feels so good inside me, it stretches me and fills me up just like the girls said it would. I like it. Sorry that it can't last," she added when my cock got limp and slipped out of her.

After a while we entangled and stood up. The women had brought refreshments and snacks and we went to get some.

The old broad was handing out drinks. Again I thought that she was sexy. Well, her big tummy hang down and her breasts sagged but it was the proud way she carried herself and showed her body. On an impulse I grabbed her big, sagging breasts and fondled them. I felt their heaviness in my hands and the firmness underneath. My left hand wandered down her body over the hip to her bushy, grayish forest, which I sifted through and rocked.

"Yes, that would be real nice, wouldn't it," she said and smiled. "But no, this night belongs to the girls and they want to get much more out of you. But may be we could think of something."

She freed herself and gave me a dark liquid in a small cup.

"Now, drink this, it will help you to perform," she said. I drank the bitter liquid and had some snacks together with Elsa. Her body beside me was still glowing, warm and lovely to touch.

"Tell me," I asked her, "what did you do behind the boulder. You were in such a good mode when you came forward. And turned on as well," I added grinning. I caressed her bottom.

"Well, I don't know if I should tell you. That was woman's talk," she said hesitantly but her eyes betrayed that she wanted to tell me. 

"Oh, came on tell me," I coaxed her and squeezed and kneaded her ass cheeks.

"All right, I will tell you. But don't tell the other boys. And keep on doing that, it feels good," she said. 

"Well, behind that boulder is our ritual place. The women have gathered us there every week for serious talks. All summer they have promised to tell juicy stories but said that we must mature first and know about the real thing. Otherwise we wouldn't understand, they said. This afternoon was the time. They told us stories about married life and . . . well about men and boys. Very juicy stories and arousing I must say. They are good storytellers."

She hesitated a little. I caressed her hips and ass cheeks.

"Well, we got turned on. The women as well. Lisa suggested we take our clothes off and she started to frig herself. We all followed, even the old broad." She broke off to giggle.

"Well, then Karin gave us some mixture to put on our pussies. It was oily and stung but then a warm glow spread from the lips inwards. We also had a drink of some sort, not very pleasant but it certainly added to our arousal. I felt very uninhabited, sexy and horny."

" I still do," she added with a grin. "Well, suddenly the old broad said it was time to go fuck and she led the way. It was pleasant to prance towards you in the nude and see your tongues hanging out when you looked at us. And your cocks get erect. The rest you know."

"Well, that must have been some stories the women told you that turned you on that much," I said. "But I sure like the result. You were really sexy and you were hot. I liked it very much."

"Oh well yes, but the evening isn't over yet. The women told us that we should demand that you boys service us all night as much as we want to. Now I see that Karin is handing out more drinks and mixture. I am going to get some."

I looked the way she pointed. Yes Karin was there and girls were smearing their pussies. They prepared for a second round. They looked lovely standing there in their naked glory totally unashamed.

"Well Tom, can you imagine the scene?" Anders asked. "I still see it for my inner eye. The seven lovely naked ladies preparing to fuck, no shame, just pure lust." - Charlotte sat on her chair. She slowly stroked her left breast, her hand inside her dress.-

Someone embraced me from behind. I felt good-sized breasts press against my back and a warm pussy against my ass. Hands stroked over my chest and down searching for my cock. I was fondled from behind and my cock responded quickly. A throaty laugh came from the person behind me. I grouped behind me and found hips and nice buttocks to fondle. She laughed again.

"Are you just going to stand there. I want to fuck," she said. It was Lena, the tall girl with the fabulous bottom. 

I turned and took her in my arms. We kissed and twisted tongues.

"Enough of that. Fuck me, fuck me now. I want you within me. I want to be filled up," she nearly cried. She went down on her hands and knees, legs spread wide. I knelt behind her and fumbled to find her pussy. She was hot and wet. I caressed her anyway to make sure she was ready. 

She pushed my hands away impatiently. 

"I told you to take me. Come into my pussy this minute, I want your cock inside my cunt. Hurry," she said. Such dirty talk was something new to me. Nobody had talked in that way before. But I obeyed. 

I moved close to her and her hand was ready, waiting to guide my cock into her pussy. She was well lubricated from her own moisture but also I guessed from the mixture. I pushed and slipped all the way inside with only a few thrusts. I started to bang her and she met me. She moaned and cried and came. She held me hard inside her when she came. She rested only shortly then pushed back to get me out of her.

As soon as I was outside she rolled over. Lying on her back with raised knees and parted thighs she was irresistible. Her pussy was open and inviting. I threw myself down on her and her hand guided me. I was inside again within seconds and we fucked intensely. She raised her hips to meet me. Her hips and pussy fucked back in a frantic rhythm of their own. A stream of dirty words came from her mouth until her moaning took over. She was absolutely wild. 

Suddenly she sank back and lay still, but only for a second. A deep murmur came from inside her body and she put her legs around me. Her heels hammered at my bottom to get me to fuck her faster. I did and the murmur got louder. Her legs closed around my waist so hard I couldn't move. Her hips and pussy moved slightly. She cried out when she violently came. 

She lay flat and unmovable under me. She looked at me and smiled. She flexed her inner muscles and the smile became a big grin when she felt that I was still hard.

"So, how do you want to fuck me now," she giggled. "In fact I am quite satisfied for the moment but I can't let you go with a hard cock. The women have said that we should never leave a man with an erect cock. That could hurt him, they said. So, how do you want to take me to get off? Please tell me."

I was astonished. Such talk from this girl. But I didn't have to think twice. This girl had a marvelous behind and when she was down on all fours she really turned me on.

"I want to take you from behind again. Your ass is so sexy and you are so good at it. Please let me," I begged.

She laughed throatily and kissed me.

"That was nice of you to say. You really like my ass? Well I kind of like it myself. Now get off me and I will show you my ass."

I withdrew from her pussy and rose. I saw Karin and Lars stand close by watching us. Karin smiled and looked aroused.

The girl sat up and then knelt before me. She kissed and sucked my cock to make sure it was hard enough. She then graciously turned and stood on her knees before me. She spread her knees and rotated her hips. Her ass cheeks bounced.

Suddenly she rose and took me by my cock and pulled me with her. She went to the corner of the cottage and bent slightly forward, feet a little apart. She shifted her legs and moved her hips. Her ass bounced up and down. That was enough for me. I must get inside her. I rushed forward and her always-present hand was there. I was inside her in seconds. This time I would fuck only for my own pleasure. She had said she was satisfied.

I fucked her with long slow strokes holding her hips for support. She looked over her shoulder and smiled. Her hand found mine and lifted it up to her breasts. I had forgotten how big and nice they were and caressed them. I slowed down and used my other hand to stroke over her tummy and down to her pussy. She again looked back and smiled. I felt that she was turned on again.

I fucked her from behind and caressed her front body. When I fucked slowly I could use both hands to caress. And she liked it and was on her way again. I concentrated on myself. Now I wanted to come. I took her breasts in a firm grip in my hands and used them to steady myself. I increased my tempo when I felt my orgasm building up. I caressed her clit and sensed that it was building up for her too. She looked at me but now her smile was a wild grin where she showed her teeth like an animal.

Then it was time. I grunted and she got it. She moaned and I grunted and she came when she felt my semen splash into her pussy. I held her tight to my body and she stood up with my arms around her.

"Thanks," we said simultaneously. 

She turned in my arms and we kissed and held each other. I grabbed her ass cheeks and squeezed them lightly. She smiled and looked content.

We heard a throaty laugh close to us. It was Karin and Lars who was standing just behind us.

"Thank you, that was a real good performance," Karin said. "Lars, it's time for us. I can't wait any longer. Do you want to watch? I would like that," she asked us.

Without waiting for an answer she knelt and put her head on her forearms. Her ass was sticking up. I could see that her pussy and slit was moist and oily from the mixture. Lars had his cock up and was ready.
