 All characters are over eighteen. All people and places are fictional.

*****

Way after midnight. A summer moon, nearly full. I fumble for the lamp next to my bed, but decide not to blind myself. I stumble through the darkness to the living room, look out the back window, rub my eyes to try and focus. A naked girl runs through my yard.

"What the fuck?" I mumble to myself, my sticky, dry mouth barely able to make words.

I open my eyes wide and blink a few times, squinting as I lean close to the glass. Yes, a naked girl, with a naked boy chasing her. I notice dim, flickering candles in the neighbor's gazebo, with shadowy figures inside. It's the source of the laughter that woke me. A teenage party.

My neighbor's daughter Summer had graduated from high school the week before, and she and her friends were blowing off steam. The boy caught the girl, and within moments she was on her knees, blowing him too.

"Fuckin' Christ!" I said under my breath as I watched them, twenty feet away in the murky moonlight.

It didn't take long for me to realize it was Summer, and a boy I hadn't seen before. Her hands caressed his ass as his whole body moved like a wave from his ankles to his shoulders, thrusting his young cock sensuously into her mouth.

I hear a moan and see dim figures on my picnic table, a girl on her back being fucked missionary by another boy. My quiet yard is the scene of an orgy.

Another laughing girl runs out of the gazebo, pursued by two boys who quickly catch her, and her squealing laugh wakes another neighbor. Outdoor floodlights turn on two doors down, bathing the three yards in a dim yellow glow. It's enough to get all the kids attention. I watch for a while as the party breaks up and then I return to bed for a few hours of sleep.

———————

"Hi Alan," Summer said. She waved from across the yard and trotted over the way young people do, like the muscles in her legs worked effortlessly. "Whatcha doin'?"

"Cuttin' the grass. Damn shit grows like weeds," I said. "Hey can you help me move the picnic table? I usually just drag it, but it chews up the lawn."

"Sure," she said, and we walked around the house to the back yard. "Thanks for being cool last night."

"What?"

"You know." Summer's eyes twinkled with mischief. "The Henderson's had to turn on their big lights and spoil everything, but you didn't seem to mind. Thanks."

"What makes you think I didn't mind?"

Summer smiled at me and I knew she had seen me watching. I guess my dark window wasn't dark enough.

"I hope you don't think less of me now," Summer said, her eyes still twinkling. "That wasn't me on the table you know, that was my friend Marcy. We kinda look alike, but I haven't...done that yet. I didn't want you to get the wrong idea about me."

"No, no, I saw you," I said, and I immediately wished I hadn't said it.

"So you could tell who was who? And what was...what?"

"Yeah, but...it's cool," I said.

"We were just playing a spin game, you know? Marcy and me, we didn't do very well, and we were the first ones naked. Or maybe that means we won," Summer laughed.

"So you have a boyfriend now?"

"No," she said as we moved the old table onto my patio. "You think I'm a slut now don't you, because of what you saw."

"No Summer, it's cool, really it is. You don't have to be in love to enjoy sex with someone."

She sat at the table after we set it down, and looked at me strangely.

"No one's ever talked to me about sex before. No one with any experience I mean. Just stupid kids my age who don't really know anything."

"Doctor Alan, sex expert, at your service ma'am," I said as I sat down across the table from her. Then I laughed. "Not really an expert I'm afraid. I probably know more than your friends though. What about your mom, she never talked to you about anything?"

"My mom?" she laughed. "No. It's hard to believe she ever had sex, the way she acts about it. And my dad, he'd never talk to me about it. No way. How did you learn about it, when you were younger?"

"I'm still learning. It's an ongoing process, for everybody I think. Lately it's porn I guess," I laughed. "There's a whole lotta shit I never had a clue about until the last few years, watchin' porn. Kids your age must be overwhelmed with all that, I mean you must not even know what's normal and what's not anymore."

"Yeah, that's what I mean. I mean what's a normal girl with a healthy sex life? I don't even know. Guys my age, they're always talking about all this crazy stuff...anal and double penetration and gangbangs. I think it's just talk, I don't think they really do it, but they think they should because they see all this porn. That's the weird part."

"Wow, we're really getting into it here," I said. "Are you comfortable talking about this with me?"

"I seem to be," she said with a nice smile. "Are you...comfortable?"

I was glad I was sitting at a table, because my cock was mostly hard, and the shorts I was wearing didn't hide it well. I took a deep breath.

"Yeah. You've always been easy to talk to," I said. "It's funny because your mom and dad aren't really. It always seems awkward to talk with them."

"That's because Mom thinks you're hot, and Dad's jealous."

"No fuckin' way! Are you serious?"

"Yup. Since the day we moved in. Mom said something that day, when you were helping unload the truck, and Dad never forgot it. It's hard for him to forget, because of the way she looks at you. You've never noticed?"

"Not really. I mean maybe a little. I thought it was just the way she was with guys."

"Nope. Just you. Maybe I shouldn't have said anything."

"No, that's okay. I'm not attracted to her, so don't worry. She's nice, but..."

"So tell me about blow jobs," Summer said, turning the conversation on a dime with that twinkle in her eye again. "What do guys like?"

"Anything. And everything," I laughed.

"Come on Doctor Alan, give me the scoop."

"Jesus Summer, you're puttin' me on the spot here."

"Are you big enough to gag a girl?" Summer asked. "I'm just wondering if you like that. Does it turn you on?"

"Wow. Okay. Personally, no, it doesn't turn me on. If they can take it deep comfortably, that turns me on, but gagging? No. I'm not really into that dominant submissive thing."

"So you're big enough then?" she asked with a sexy smirk.

"That's probably not something I should be telling my barely eighteen-year-old neighbor."

"I saw a youtube where they teach you how to deep throat. I haven't tried it yet."

"There's plenty of time for that," I said. "You don't have to rush into all this you know."

"Marcy thinks I should get a boob job. She thinks my dad will pay for it if I tell him I'll get jobs easier and stuff."

"No way Summer! Please don't do that! My God, you're perfect, just the way you are."

"But I'm small," she said, cupping her little t-shirt covered tits in her hands.

"So what! So is the rest of you. You're in perfect proportion Summer. I mean...I'm speechless your body is so great."

"Wow," she said, looking surprised that I felt that way.

"Sorry, I didn't mean to..."

"No, it's nice. I mean, a girl likes that kinda thing," she smiled. "So, no boob job, no gagging. I should take notes. Let's see, what are the other burning questions for Doctor Alan...what's anal sex like?"

"Whoa! That is a biggie! I'm afraid you're asking the wrong guy Summer. I've never done most of that stuff you mentioned, and never anything anal."

"See, that's what I mean. My friends all think it so common. So do you even touch it, or like lick it or anything, or is it like, too dirty or something? I can easily see how someone could think that."

"Wow Summer. You realize I've never talked about this stuff with anyone before, right? I'm amazed that we're sitting here doing this. So...yeah I like to touch there, and to lick there, but I've never been with a girl that wanted any more than that. And that's cool. It should be a nice give and take when you're with someone."

"Do they do that to you too? Lick you there I mean?"

"No," I laughed. "That only happens in the movies I think."

"What about group sex? Three-ways, orgies, gang-bangs..."

"Holy shit Summer! You know I'm older than your dad, right? This is crazy us talking about all this stuff."

"You are not older than my dad! No fuckin' way! Really?"

"I'm fifty years old Summer."

"You are shitting me! Holy...!"

"See, now you're all embarrassed because you're talking sex with an old man."

"I am not! So what if your number's bigger than Dad, you're way younger than him, I'll tell you that. You're a whole different kind of person. He's a 'get conservative and forget your youth' kind of person, and you, you're not like that at all. You're still cool Alan, and my dad's not at all."

"Well thanks Summer, but numbers don't lie."

"Fuck numbers," she said with that sexy smirk again. "So...three-ways, orgies, gang-bangs...what's the scoop?"

"Well, now I'm the one that's embarrassed, because I've never experienced those things either."

"Really? Not even a three-way?"

"Nope. Can't say I've never thought about it though. Being a part of a gang-bang doesn't interest me, but a three-way, or an orgy? Maybe someday before I die. Did you know they have clubs for that kind of shit? There's supposed to be one right here in town."

"What do you mean clubs? You mean strip clubs where they let you fuck people? I thought that was illegal."

"Yeah, no, that's illegal. No I mean private swinger clubs. Couples join and they have parties and swap partners and stuff."

"Whoa! I never heard of that shit before!" Summer said. "Right around here they do that?"

"Yeah. It's out in the country somewhere. Somebody's big house I think. And then they do trips and have events at hotels and stuff."

"How do you know about it? Did you go one time?"

"No, like I said, I've never done anything like that. I get curious about it though. There's some stuff on the web. Whenever I see a sexy couple out somewhere I always wonder if they're into that kind of thing."

"Why don't you join?"

"I don't think they take single guys. It's mostly a couples thing."

"Join with me," she said, and the sexy smirk was even sexier.

"Yeah, right Summer! That'd go over big with your dad!" I laughed.

"I'm eighteen, I can do what the fuck I want!"

"When you live on your own you can."

"Marcy wants to get a place with me," Summer said. "She's got it all picked out. It's a little more than we can afford though."

"Did you ever decide on a college? You guys both going off somewhere?"

"We both screwed up our marks a little, so we're gonna go to the community college this year. Too much partying our senior year I guess. We learned how to drink real good though," she laughed.

"What were you guys doing last night? Shots?"

"Tequila baby!" Summer said with a smile. "You like?"

"I used to. It's been a while. Listen Summer, it's been fun talkin' to you, but I gotta get my lawn cut before dark."

Summer got up from the table and walked around and kissed me on the cheek.

"Thanks Alan. It's nice to be treated like an adult for a change. We'll talk more?"

"Yeah sweetie," I said as she walked away. "Be good."

———————

A quiet knock at my side door that evening was a good excuse to end a phone call I didn't really want to be dealing with. I opened the door and Summer stood there smiling with a bottle of booze in her hand. Behind her was nervous looking girl with blue hair.

"Hi Alan, this is Marcy," Summer said. "You said you like tequila. Wanna hang out a little?"

"Hi Summer, hi Marcy," I said. "I don't know, that might not be a good idea."

"Why, you got a girlfriend here?"

"No, I'm just trying to keep things civil between me and your mom and dad, you know?"

"So we won't tell 'em. Can we come in?"

"Yeah, for a little while I guess."

I watched the two of them walk into my kitchen, and remembered Summer saying that they sort of looked alike. I could see it I guess, they were about the same height and had similar mid-length dark hair, but Marcy's was dark blue with violet blue streaks, and she was a little curvier than Summer.

Summer set the bottle down on the counter and started opening cupboard doors.

"Glasses are by the sink," I said. "I don't have any limes or anything."

"That's all right," she said, taking down three glasses. "We like to just sip on it. It's almost sweet after your mouth gets used to it." She poured about four shots worth into each glass. "Marcy's the one that was on your table last night."

"Summer!" Marcy said embarrassedly, blushing bright red.

"It's all right, Alan's cool. Right Alan?"

"My yard's never seen such action," I smiled.

Summer handed the glasses around and we all took sips to calm our awkward nerves.

"Livingroom? Maybe some music?" Summer asked.

We all walked in and I quickly straightened up a little.

"Swingtime Social Club," Summer said as she sat down on my couch. "I looked it up."

"Oh jeez, " I said. "I never should have mentioned that place."

"Why, you don't think we can handle it?"

"No, it's not that," I said. "So, what'd you find out?"

"You were right, it's really like, for married couples," Summer said, "but I called and talked to some guy and told him about us and he said it'd probably be all right."

"Probably be all right? Summer I can't do that with you. That's just nuts."

"Whaddya mean? I thought you said you were interested in it."

"I said I was slightly curious. I really never should have mentioned it."

"Oh here we go, back to everyone talking to me like I'm a kid again."

"No Summer, it's not that. It's just...that's just a crazy big step for you to take. And it doesn't seem right that I should be taking you there."

"Well he said I can come on my own. You don't want me doing that do you?"

"No. I really don't want you doing that!" I said.

"Fuck Alan! You got me all interested, and I know you are too. Here's your chance to try all that stuff we were talking about."

Marcy looked nervous and self conscious at the other end of the couch, so I took a chance.

"Marcy, help me out here," I said. "This is crazy, right?"

"I'd like to try it," Marcy said. "The guy said the three of us could go."

I looked at the two of them, so young and so naive, but with a deep curiosity in their eyes that made me think of myself at their age, and how I would have loved to have experienced something so exciting, so full of thrilling unknowns. I truly didn't know what to do. I couldn't go with them to a place like that, could I? And I certainly shouldn't let them go alone, especially since I was the one who put the crazy idea in their heads.

"Do me a favor," I said. "Take a week and think about this, okay? Try and think about the possible bad side of trying something like that. Maybe it's a bunch of old ugly people. That wouldn't be fun for you guys, would it? Just try and get a balanced view of what it might be before you decide, all right? Will you give it a week?"

"I guess," Summer said. "You haven't steered me wrong yet Alan. They've got a dance this weekend, but I guess we can wait."

With that crisis averted, at least for the time being, I leaned back and took a sip of tequila.

"We can at least try the three-way thing, right?" Summer said.

"Fuck Summer! What are you trying to do to me?"

"I'm tryin' to get you naked, and it's more of a challenge than I thought it was gonna to be."

"What's gotten into you Summer? I thought you said you hadn't even...you know."

"I haven't. But that's just stupid bad luck. It's got nothing to do with what I want. I don't want it to be sucky, with a stupid boy who's clueless. Marcy, tell him about your first time."

"You don't have to do that Marcy," I said.

"It was kinda awful," Marcy said nervously.

"My first time was pretty bad too," I said. "I had just turned seventeen, and didn't have a clue. My girlfriend got pregnant, her father tried to kill me, she got an abortion and they moved out of state. Kinda shell-shocked me off sex for a while."

"Holy Shit!" Summer said. "And I thought we had it fucked up! That's crazy!"

"Yeah it was pretty fucked up," I said.

"I got three quick thrusts before he squirted and shriveled up like a piece of macaroni," Marcy said, the tequila starting to loosen her tongue. "The guy on the table last night wasn't much better. Summer was telling me what you said about porn brainwashing us, but, it can be good like that, can't it?"

"Oh sure, it can be great," I said. "I think porn brainwashes guys more than girls though. Guy's think every girl they see is gonna want to try all that crazy stuff. That's just dreaming for the most part. I guess there's some girls that wanna try all that experimenting and wild stuff, but most just wanna have nice, fairly normal sex. That can be great too. Everybody's got their own comfort zone."

"See," Summer said to Marcy, smiling at her over her glass.

"See what?" I asked.

"I told her you were cool," Summer said, shifting her smile to me. "So what positions do you like."

"Wow! This has been some kinda day," I said, shaking my head.

I took a big sip from my glass, and it started to sink in that I was about to get very lucky. Numerous fantasies were about to get checked off my list.

"Doggie I guess, and sixty-nine. They both weave into the three-way fantasy pretty nicely."

"So you've thought about it?" Summer asked. "You have pictures in your mind of how it goes?" 

"Yeah, I guess," I said. I tried to hold back a smile, but, no dice. I hope I didn't look like too much of a pervert.

"And?" Summer said, with a slightly perverted smile of her own.

"What, you want me to explain in graphic detail my wildest fantasies?"

"Yeah. You don't think that'd be fun?"

"I'll tell you mine if you tell me yours," I said. "Both of you."

I looked at Marcy and she smiled shyly. It was interesting how she looked like the wilder of the two girls, but she clearly wasn't.

"So, it's you and two girls," Summer said to me. "What's the picture that you see?"

"The girls are in a sixty-nine, and I'm fucking the one on top. The one on the bottom plays with my balls and every once in a while she takes my cock out of her friend and sucks me into her mouth. I alternate back and forth from mouth to pussy until I come all over both of them."

"Fuck!" Summer said. "That's a fuckin' picture! Damn Alan, I had know idea you were so..."

"Old and horny?" I laughed.

"You go Marcy," Summer said.

"You first," Marcy said.

"Wow," Summer said. "My wildest fantasy. It's more than a threeway. Does that make me deranged? It's more of a dream really, but I've had it more than once. I'm in gym class, and Mrs. Reynolds—she was our gym teacher—she gets mad at me for not doing something right and to punish me she makes me strip and she takes me in the boys locker room and all the boys gang-bang me. It's all the nerdy boys though, and they've all got nice cocks and know how to use them. Mrs. Reynolds gets fucked too."

"Summer! Really? Mrs. Reynolds?" Marcy says.

"Yeah. I don't know what it's all about. She's actually kinda pretty though. She straps her tits down for school, but I saw her out at a store once and she looked totally different...like a real woman."

"Wow, I got nothing like a gang-bang in the locker room," Marcy says. "Mine's probably stupid. It's like a celebrity thing."

"When it comes to sexual fantasy, there's no such thing as stupid," I said.

"Okay...well...I run into Ryan Gosling at a shopping mall, and he fucks me in my car in the parking lot, and all these people gather around watching us though the car windows, taking pictures. It's summer time, and all the windows are open. We can hear them and they can hear us. Ryan makes me scream and everybody cheers. The next day the pictures and video are all over the internet, people all over the world are watching it and everybody wants to fuck me."
