 Before you read this story, be advised that it is adult oriented and contains very graphic depictions of a sexual nature. It is not intended for, nor should it be read under any circumstances by persons who are not at least eighteen(18) years of age. 

This story can stand on its own, but it is a sequel to "School's Out", my 3 chapter '2012 Summer Lovin' contest entry. Also ahead of this story is another sequel entitled "Next Weekend". If you haven't read those, you may find it helpful to do so. If you choose not to, there may be a few things that won't make a lot of sense, but they are minor in the scheme of the story.

I love to read your comments and would enjoy hearing from you. I even want your comments if you don't like the story, provided you are actually giving constructive criticism. Please don't leave a comment if you are simply turned off by what the story contains. Just because you may not enjoy or politically agree with the portrayals doesn't mean that others won't. 

Thanks for reading... And thanks to Signore Calcio for a helpful suggestion for this episode.

~~Odysseyker

-------------------------

Several weeks after our first camping adventure, Rusty, Mark, Kyle, Debbie, Tracy and myself made a return visit to the campground. Joe didn't join us because by that time he was smitten with a cute redhead who he was afraid to approach about coming along. They had only been dating for a few weeks and he simply wasn't comfortable asking her to tag along for what was certain to be nothing short of an orgy. 

My name is Ron, and Tracy was my girlfriend at the time. Like Joe and his lady, we'd only been together for a few weeks. The difference between our situations was that Tracy had been a willing party to the first round of debauched camping. Plus, Tracy and I both wanted to explore sex a whole lot more and had devised a plan to help us with that. We had decided that we could have others sexually, as long as we were both present and in agreement. 

It seemed a little strange, but the arrangement was working well, so far. Tracy and I had already tested it with Debbie, and then again with a male friend of Debbie's. She was supposed to join us in the venture, but turned up sick and left the task to Tracy and I. The evening was odd since we only met this fellow for dinner and then went back to his place for sex. I think both Tracy and myself were a little hesitant, but the sex was good and all three of us enjoyed ourselves.

The weekend camping trip promised to be a rousing time and I knew that Tracy was going to be screwed silly by my buddies. But they would be having a time with Debbie too, I was certain. As for me... I had already enjoyed both of these beauties, over and over, but was still excited at the possibilities that were sure to present themselves. It didn't take long for the merriment to kick in either.

The girls had both worn the skimpiest outfits that they could possibly have worn and still been covered. Both were wearing the shortest cut-offs that I'd ever seen, leaving about a quarter of their ass cheeks visible, even when they were simply standing. Tracy had on a lime green, boob hugging tube top and Debbie's tits jiggled under her barely-there halter.

After hiking to the site, we made short work of setting up camp. We'd only brought two large tents, since we knew that would be plenty of room for six of us; probably more than enough. As I was finishing up with mine, I asked Tracy to reach up and hold a corner of the rain fly while I secured it. She had no more than grabbed the material when I saw Debbie sneaking up behind her. In a flash, Debbie latched onto Tracy's tube top and yanked it downward, letting my girl's 36Cs flop out for everyone to see. 

Tracy yelped in surprise but never released the rain fly. For a second, I don't think she realized that her boobs were on display. But then she laughed and scolded Debbie, "You little bitch. I'll get you for that." Her words sounded tough, but Debbie and I both knew that she was only putting on airs. I was sure she would have some sort of retaliation for Debbie, but it would all be in good fun. 

I purposely took longer to complete my work than needed, and even when I finished I didn't tell Tracy. Instead, I stepped behind her, slipped my hands around her torso and grabbed a handful of her breasts in each one. As I gently squeezed the orbs I chuckled and said, "Almost done... Just a couple of things to take care of."

Tracy let the rain fly slip from her fingers, but didn't turn around. She simply stood there and let me continue feeling her beautiful tits. I was more than happy to oblige, letting my fingers find her already stiffening nipples. But after a couple minutes, I released her boobs and tugged the tube top back into place. 

Debbie, Kyle and Mark, who'd been standing around idly watching us, returned to their tasks. Rusty had missed out since he was away gathering firewood. I was confident, though, that he'd have ample opportunity to gawk at his cousin's nude body that weekend. But looking was all that he'd get to do, with Tracy anyway. 

Tracy had let him have some fun with her on our previous camping trip, but this time she wasn't planning on it. She had confided in me that she was no longer at ease with the incestuous behavior. She'd simply been overwhelmed by the wild bawdiness before. And I could see her point. I have a couple of pretty hot cousins, but don't think either of them would let me have sex with them. Rusty would just have to consider himself lucky to have ever had her at all. 

After camp was set up and a fire started, we made some dinner and then tidied up again. By that time, twilight was creeping in so there was little point in hiking, but I thought a walk to the lake would be nice. Taking Tracy by the hand, we made the short journey in just a few minutes. Once there, standing at the water's edge, I pulled her close and kissed her with as much passion as I could find.

Tracy returned my kiss by slipping her tongue between my lips and chasing after my own. Her dark blonde hair was flowing over her shoulders and her blue eyes twinkled in the waning sunlight. I was hopelessly in love with her and yearned even more to make love to her. It was hard to believe that just a couple of months before, I barely noticed the girl. But I was certainly noticing her then. 

And Tracy wasn't the only thing I noticed while I stood there kissing her. As our lips separated, I noticed a fire flickering in the distance. Looking again, I saw that we were not the only ones camping in the area. On our previous two visits, we had the lake and surrounding forest pretty much to ourselves. This had afforded us the freedom to do whatever we wanted, whenever and wherever. But it was obvious that we would need to be a little more conscientious this time. 

About that time Debbie and the others joined us and I pointed out the neighboring campers. They all groaned but I consoled them by saying, "We can still have plenty of fun... We'll just have to be a little more careful, and a little quieter." In all honesty, we really wouldn't have to curtail our volume that much. Neither of the girls were what I would consider 'screamers', at least not that I'd witnessed to that point. 

The campsites in that part of the forest were well away from each other due to the terrain. I suspected that we could actually get fairly rowdy and the other campers wouldn't even know it. From where I stood, our neighbors looked to be at least five hundred yards, or more, from our own campsite. With the rocky hills and thick woods between the two sites, it would be difficult to hear even the noisiest of sex taking place. 

From what I could tell, it looked like our counterparts were just a pair of people; maybe a man and woman. Their campsite was tucked away in the trees, much like our own, and in the fading daylight their campfire wasn't very illuminating. "Probably just a couple planning the same thing we are," I said with a chuckle. 

"Maybe we should give them a little show," Debbie teased, reaching into Rusty's crotch and giving his dick a healthy squeeze. 

Debbie was standing within arms reach of Tracy. My girl twisted and reached out, swiftly grabbing the tie holding Debbie's halter around her neck. "Maybe we should," Tracy smirked as she pulled the string. Debbie didn't even flinch. She simply stood there and let the string loosen and, with a little shake, her top slid down to expose her breasts. 

"Oh, no... Whatever am I gonna' do, Rusty? My top's fallen down," Debbie feigned her distress.

Rusty just stood there, eyes bugged out, ogling Debbie's bare chest. Before he could think of anything to say or do, Kyle stepped up behind the girl and reached around her. And like I had done earlier with Tracy at the tent, he cupped Debbie's tits and said, "Here... I'll cover you up Honey." 

After a few moments, Rusty finally snapped out of his daze and reciprocated Debbie's hand, which was still fondling him. Tentatively, the boy reached out, palm up, and pressed his hand squarely into Debbie's crotch. He worked his fingers around a bit while Debbie reached behind herself and untied the bottom string of her top. With a little tug, she pulled the garment off and tossed it over Rusty's shoulder. 

Even after our previous weekend together, Rusty still seemed bashful and a little hesitant. I had come to know Debbie well enough to predict that she would tease and taunt him, fueling her own libido and brazenness. The brunette tended to enjoy having the upper hand and she certainly had it with Rusty. She was feeding off of his shyness and it was making her bolder. 

Still holding the front of Rusty's shorts, Debbie twisted her head and started kissing Kyle. Her hips were gently gyrating and grinding into Rusty's hand and I knew the game was on. And after a minute or two, Debbie broke the kiss and turned back to face Rusty. Pulling her hand away from his now tented shorts, she said, "Here, sweetie... Maybe this will help," as she began to unfasten her shorts. 

Seductively and almost agonizingly slow, Debbie unbuttoned and then unzipped her tight cut-offs. The fly peeled open in a large 'V' shape and she guided Rusty's hand inside the opening. "Mmmm... Isn't that better?" she quizzed the stupefied young man as his fingers delved into her pants.

"Uh... Uh-huh," Rusty managed to reply as Debbie returned to stroking his obvious hard-on. And honestly, I had noticed my own pecker stirring too. So I decided a little foreplay wasn't a bad idea. Reaching up and between us, I found Tracy's boobs. I massaged the left one for a minute and then hooked a finger over her top, dipping into her cleavage. 

As I started to pull downward, Tracy quickly brought a hand up and stopped my motion. I looked into her eyes and grinned, knowing that she wasn't as willing to flaunt her goods as Debbie. Still, I thought she needed a bit of encouragement and tugged a little more. "Fine. Strip me and have your way with me," she said with an indifferent tone. But I knew, behind her false facade, that was probably exactly what she wanted me to do.

As Tracy's hand moved away, the fabric of her top stretched downward and her tits popped out. I drew the shirt a little lower and then let the elastic material snap back just below her breasts. "Don't worry. Nobody can see anything from that distance," I assured her. 

It was a good thing that the other campers would have had a poor view of us, if they were even bothering to look. When I returned my attention to Debbie, her shorts were slipping lower and lower on her hips. Rusty's busy hand was drawing them down and it was only a matter of time before they would slide down her thighs. But Debbie didn't wait. She clamped her legs around Rusty's fingers and wriggled the denim over her butt, down her legs and stepped out of them. 

"Now that's really better," Debbie chirped as she released Rusty's hand from its temporary prison. 

Tracy chastised her friend with a disbelieving, "Debbie! You should be ashamed."

With Kyle still hefting her boobs and Rusty toying with her box, Debbie ran her hands through her hair and then reached skyward in a lingering stretch. "Maybe so, Baby... But I'm not. I feel so naughty and it makes me so hot," the minx replied, ending with a decidedly sexy tone. 

I wasn't going to complain about a girl getting naked, no matter where it was. I just lowered my face to Tracy's chest and took her left nipple between my lips. She let out a sigh and I knew that she would soon be giving in to her own desires. But as I tongued the nub, I realized that Mark had just been standing by, watching the scene unfold. 

"You know, Mark, she's got two of these," I said referring to Tracy's boobs. He looked at me and smiled a cautious smile, but didn't make a move. I had expected that he would jump at the chance since he's always been the horniest of our group. At least he was before Debbie joined our merry band. Now it was no contest; Debbie held the honors without a doubt.

"Well... uh," Mark stammered. 

"Well, what?" Tracy returned quickly, then added, "Ron will share, won't you?" 

I nodded and slid my lips to her other breast, knowing that her libido was kicking in. With some hesitation, Mark finally took Tracy's boob in his hand and began to squeeze. Still, it was only half-heartedly at best. I knew Mark took sex more seriously than that and I had to wonder what was bothering him. Then it dawned on me. The last time he'd had sex with Tracy, we weren't a couple. And even though I'd explained our relationship to everyone concerned, apparently it hadn't sank in. 

"I think you're going to have to help him relax," I whispered to Tracy after pulling away from her breast. Tracy needed no further encouragement and let her left hand seek out Mark's fly. Teasingly, she stroked up and down the front of his shorts. The action seemed to ease the tension a bit but Mark still acted somewhat withdrawn. 

Again I whispered to Tracy, "I think its gonna' take more than that to ease his mind." I knew Tracy could certainly take his cares away, but before she did I spoke again, louder, "Let's move this back to the campsite before it gets out of hand."

Tracy wrestled her top back to its original position as Debbie grumbled something about the boys just getting started. "Well I'm not laying down in this grass. I'm going back to camp where there's a blanket," I replied. The last time we'd done this, I wound up with a chigger on my nut sack. It was not a fun thing and I wasn't going to repeat the incident, if I could help it. 

"Well c'mon boys. Let's get back to camp and get back to action," Debbie commanded as she put her arms around Kyle and Rusty's shoulders. Scooping her shorts up with a foot, she lifted them as high as she could and Kyle reached out and grabbed them. He tossed them over his shoulder and slid his arm around her waist. 

Rusty mimicked Kyle and reached around the girl from her other side and the three began the walk back to camp. Debbie wasn't the least bit concerned that she was naked. I think she was secretly hoping the other campers would get a look at her. Of all the people I've ever met, Debbie is probably the most confident and secure. She approaches life with a simple attitude that says 'To hell with what other people think'. Not that she's uncaring or belligerent toward society, she just lives life for all it's worth.

Mark, Tracy and I followed and I watched Debbie's cute little behind wiggle and jiggle all the way back to camp. I was certain Tracy wouldn't mind. In fact, she was probably doing the same thing since she found Debbie just as sexy as I did. Earlier, when I said Tracy and I had tested our 'arrangement' with Debbie, I should have said we had tested it several times. And each time, Tracy and Debbie were just as much lovers as me and either of them. Our time together wasn't spent with just the two girls getting me off. They got each other off just as many times as I had. 

When we got back to camp we pulled out a couple of old blankets we'd brought just for this situation and spread them on the ground. Debbie kneeled and immediately set to work removing Kyle's shorts. While she labored over his stuck zipper, Kyle pulled his T-shirt off and discarded it in a camp chair. After freeing Kyle's loins, Debbie turned to Rusty, who was already shirtless, and performed the same duty. 

Anxious to get started myself, I grabbed the bottom of Tracy's tube top and skinned the stretchy garment up her chest. She raised her arms and I continued upward, pulling it over her head. Tossing the top aside, I reached for and unsnapped her cut-offs. But before I could start stripping them off her, she stopped me.

She looked at Mark, who was pulling a soda from the cooler, still standoffish. "Get over here and sit," Tracy told him, pointing at the blanket. When he had complied, my sweetheart began a 'pep talk', of sorts. 

"I know you guys are treading lightly because Ron and I are a couple," Tracy began. "Mark, you barely touched me and Kyle, you've hardly even looked at me since we got here," she scolded. "Here's the deal. For this weekend, don't think of me and Ron as a couple. We are just two more people that want to have some fun and some good sex. I want you to fuck me and, believe it or not, Ron wants you to fuck me. But I will not beg you for it, so either man up or pack up." 

Everyone sat there in stunned silence for a moment until Debbie broke in. "Yeah... You tell 'em, Baby," she cheered her pupil. And I have to admit, I was even taken back by Tracy's boldness. Everything she said was true, but I was surprised to hear her vent her frustrations so confidently. 

Tracy then stepped toward the blanket, neared Rusty and gave him a tender peck on the cheek. "I'm sorry cuz', but we won't be repeating what we did before. It's just too weird for me. But Deb will take good care of you, I'm sure," she apologized.

I grabbed a couple of logs to stoke the fire and confirmed Tracy's comments. "We may look like a couple and act like a couple but Tracy is as much fair game as Debbie," I said. "I'm just here to get a little... actually to get a lot," I chuckled as I tossed the wood on the fire. "I know this may seem a little strange to you guys, but you need to quit thinking about it and just have fun," I concluded and then started to strip out of my own clothes.

By the time I was naked, Mark was standing again and holding my half nude girlfriend close to him. I couldn't hear the conversation, but it appeared to be an apology on Mark's part. They hugged and then Mark's hands lowered on Tracy's back and came to rest on her firm, round ass. He squeezed and tugged at the globes causing even more of her butt to show below the frayed remnants of denim. 

After a moment, Tracy took a step back and dropped to her knees. Like Debbie had done with the other two, she swiftly unfastened and pulled Mark's shorts to the ground. Her hands went to his still underwear covered package and she began to tease him while he removed his shirt and gave it a pitch at one of the chairs. I watched them for a minute or two as Mark's cock started to swell the front of his Jockeys, and then turned my attention to Debbie. 

She was skillfully working both Rusty and Kyle, switching her talented mouth back and forth between their stiff poles. It was obvious, though, that she was approaching the two men with differing styles. With Kyle, she was working his tool vigorously, while she was quite reserved when she switched to Rusty. I suppose she remembered that the latter had a tendency to shoot quick and was just helping him prolong his time. 

As Debbie pulled her lips off of Kyle again, I stepped up and said to him, "Cuttin' in Dude," and nudged him aside. It was my way of prodding him into moving to Tracy, which he quickly did. I knew that once the ice was broken, after he got his dick in Tracy, the tension would fade and a good time would be had by all. So I didn't feel bad about pushing him away from Debbie. Besides, it had been well over a week since I'd wet my wick inside the brunette and was looking forward to having her.
