 All characters are over eighteen. All people and places are fictional.

*****

Lying in bed with Summer on a lazy afternoon, I felt like I had to tell her about her mom and me. I had no idea what would happen, but keeping it secret from her seemed like the wrong thing to do.

"What do you think your mom and dad's sex life is like?"

"Probably lousy, if it even exists."

"Do you think of them as sexual people? Can you relate to your mom in that way? I never could with my parents, but that was a whole generation ago. Things were different back then."

"Yeah I guess I do. My mom anyway. When I was a virgin, God that was only a month ago wasn't it? Seems like another lifetime. Back then I'd think about her, wondering how she lost her virginity. It wasn't with my dad I don't think. She had a boyfriend before him, but she met Dad when she was my age. I wonder how many guys she's been with...just the two maybe."

"Three," I blurted out without thinking, and then I realized it was four now.

"What?" Summer said, pulling away from me and sitting up on her elbows. "Alan, what's going on?"

"Your mom. She came to me."

"Oh," Summer said quietly, her shifting gaze looking all around my face and settling on my eyes.

"It's not something I wanted Summer," I said.

"I know. You wouldn't do that."

She just sat there, scanning my face, thinking.

"She's a wonderful woman," I said, "and I care about her, but it's not something I do, getting involved with married women. I don't even know what to think anymore."

"You know, way back when we moved in and my dad and I saw the look on her face when you came over to help us, I knew this would happen someday. Funny how you just know these things, isn't it. I had no idea I'd be mixed up in the middle of it though. I feel like I should get out of her way, like I'm the one who's wrong, not her."

I embraced Summer and she melted into my arms, the heat of her body relaxing my edgy nerves like a warm massage.

"What about your dad Summer? You haven't mentioned him yet."

"I don't know what to think. I love him, but it's not a very good marriage, I've known that for a long time. He must know it too, right?"

"Not necessarily. He might think it's as normal as normal can be."

"I started all this didn't I?" she said quietly in my ear, sounding sad and upset with herself. "Is it wrong that I just want you to fuck me right now? I need to feel you in me."

Taking her with any kind of dominance seemed wrong to me just then, so I rolled onto my back and she was on top of me, her hand reaching around to guide me in. It was the most velvety, delicious slow fuck, like our raw, naked emotions had re-adjusted all our nerve endings to a new setting. I could tell Summer felt it too—her eyes and face were telegraphing the same awesomeness I felt.

"Oh Alan," she sighed as the feeling swept over her.

She closed her eyes, dropped her head, and rocked back into me slowly as I slid deep into her and out again, over and over.

She brought her mouth to mine and kissed me as the sensations built in both of us, the slow sensuality of it taking us higher than we'd ever been together.

Short, choppy moans vibrated into my mouth from hers as she climbed, and they rose to singing groans as her hips began a slow swivel that took us even higher. I floated on the feeling as long as I could, but eventually I reached my limit, my cock throbbing and gushing deep inside her as I groaned.

Summer came when she felt it, every muscle in her body tensing and releasing, over and over again. She was mumbling words into my mouth, words I couldn't understand, but understood perfectly. As she reached the deepest point in her journey she lifted her head, eyes fluttering and mouth open, and she let out a held breath with a sigh that sounded more beautiful than music, more beautiful than life itself.

———————

"I told Mom you told me," Summer said.

We were sitting at an outdoor cafe sipping coffee, waiting for our prosciutto and pesto panini's to arrive. It was a busy lunchtime crowd, the sidewalk tables were full.

"I know, she told me."

"Jeez, I guess there's no secrets anymore huh?" she said. "This is so weird."

"She said it was a good talk."

"Yeah, it was kinda awesome. My first real adult conversation with her."

"She was really happy about that," I said. "I'm glad you guys are so open and honest. I don't know what's up with your dad though. She doesn't really wanna talk about him with me."

"That's the part I can't get used to. She told me she's leaving him. It breaks my heart, but it's for the best I think. Neither one of them's happy."

"Wow. I hate the 'home wrecker' feeling. I had it when your dad came over to confront me about you, and now I feel it again."

"It wasn't you Alan. If anything it's good you came along. They might have been stuck there, unhappy for God knows how long. Everything happens for a reason, at least I think so."

"Yeah, I guess. So she's leaving him, huh?"

I must have had a strange look on my face, because Summer smiled.

"Don't worry Alan, she doesn't wanna move in with you and get married or anything. She thinks you're great, but she's not in love with you."

"Oh, okay. Yeah, I mean I think she's great too..."

"Unless you want her to be. You like her more than you're letting on?" Summer asked, with an inquisitive look.

"You know Summer, I don't even know. Does that sound awful? This past month has been so overwhelming for me. I literally don't know what I think anymore."

"Yeah, me too. It's been crazy hasn't it? I can't even remember how it all started."

"That party in the moonlight, remember?"

"Oh yeah! I gave a crappy blow-job to Tyler, and my whole life changed. Boy, wouldn't those high school boys like to see me at the club with real men," she said, her voice trailing off as she thought about it. "So when's the next club party anyway?"

"Saturday night if you wanna go. But we don't have to go to all of them you know."

"Maybe you don't, but I do. I wish they had more, I'd be there all the time."

The waitress brought our sandwiches, the aroma of warm pesto floating all around us.

"I'm sure you'll help me realize why this is totally wrong," Summer said, "but what if we bring Mom to the club. I think jumping out into the fast lane might be good for her. It was for me."

I stopped mid-bite and put my sandwich back on my plate. I was ready to give Summer my big, educated reply of why that was the most ridiculous idea ever, but the words never formed. "Wouldn't that be weird for you?" was all that came out.

Summer chewed her mouthful as she thought about it, and wiped her lips with her napkin.

"Weird, but kind of exciting," she said. "Is that sick? I mean I don't know If I'd want her to see me like that, but I'd kinda love to see her like that, showing herself off and feeling good about it. It's done more for my self confidence than anything else in my life. She's at a low point right now, not feeling good about herself except with you. It might be the perfect thing for her. Or maybe not."

"Damn Summer. You got a way of talking me into shit," I said.

"It's probably crazy, right?" Summer said. "I'd hate to mess up my own experience there. I'm just finding my way, and I love it, but she's at a big crossroads in her life, it might be really good for her. How come you're not arguing with me?"

"Because I'm not sure you're wrong. As crazy as this is, let's think about it for a minute. How would we even bring it up to her? I'm not sure I want her to know that I have anything to do with taking you to that place."

"Yeah, it's not really a subject I thought I'd be discussing with her. 'Hey Mom, four middle-aged men gang-banged me last night. They had super nice cocks'," Summer laughed, and an older woman at the table next to us gave me a dirty look.

"Yeah, I think we better let sleeping dogs lie, unless something changes drastically."

"How come you never called Misty," Summer asked.

"As if I don't have enough crazy shit going on in my life."

"You like her don't you? She probably feels bad. Girls like her don't just give out their phone numbers to anyone you know."

"Really? I thought she was just humoring me. And yeah, for the record I like her a lot. But it's insane Summer, with you and your mom."

"I guess," Summer said. "What are you gonna tell her when you see her? You know, I had a dream about her...I had her tits in my hands and I was kissing her."

The old lady next to us made a grumbling noise to get our attention again.

"Maybe we should talk about the weather Summer."

"Why, you gettin' hard? You gettin' a big ol' hard-on you wanna rub all over me?" she smiled, clearly happy she was making the old lady uncomfortable.

"You do make life interesting," I said, smiling and shaking my head.

———————

I walked into the Swingtime mansion with a very nervous Barb on my arm. I had called Randy to make sure the change of companion was okay with him, and he assured me it was.

A few days before, Summer had come right out and told her mom about the club and our experiences there. I wasn't there to hear the conversation, but Summer told me it wasn't a big deal, which surprised her a little. I guess Summer got her open-mindedness and spirit of adventure from her mom.

Not surprising, to me at least, was that Summer opted out of accompanying her mother to the club. She basically chickened out, which was fine with me. I think it would have been uncomfortable for all of us if they'd been there together. Of course Summer wasn't about to give it up completely, she just wanted her mom to get her feet wet and hopefully fall in love with the place the way she had.

Meanwhile, on the day Summer and I were discussing things at the cafe, Barb consulted with a lawyer and filled for divorce. She moved in with her sister temporarily, until she could get her bearings. Barb's husband Jim had already talked to a realtor, and there was a For Sale sign in front of their house. The whole world seemed to be moving at an insanely fast pace, teetering on the brink of out-of-control, and I seemed to be at the center of it all. My formerly quiet life was anything but.

Barb and I walked up the big staircase and down the hall with all the bedrooms. There was some action already as we passed open doors. Barb held my arm tighter and glanced over at me.

"An open door means you can join in if you want," I said.

She gave me a nervous look, and we crossed over into the main party room in the carriage house. The music had a nice old school beat, and several couples were dancing. A few others were milling around the lounge area. Randy came over to greet us.

"Randy, this is Barb, Summer's mother," I said.

"Barb! Delighted to meet you! Summer was like a breath of fresh air here. We all love her. And I can see where she got her looks from. Were so glad to have you join us. If you have any questions or concerns don't be afraid to ask Donna or me. I hope you have a wonderful time," he said, kissing Barb on the cheek before he left us.

"Well that's a charming man," Barb said, her nervous face loosening into a small smile. "Is he..."

"Fuckable? I don't know why not. I doubt they'd run this place without participating. There's some kind of loose rules about consulting with the spouse, but I haven't seen that happening much. Everybody's just sorta relaxed and having fun, which is nice. Come on, I'll introduce you to my favorite bartender."

"Don't tell me...your dog ate your phone," Misty said with a smirk as we approached.

"Hi Misty. This is Barb. She's Summer's mom."

"No way! It's nice to meet you Barb! God, you look too young to have a daughter as sexy as Summer."

"Hi Misty. I hate to put you to work right away, but I could really use a Jack and Coke," Barb said.

"Sure, and a whiskey and water for my favorite old guy," Misty said, sticking her tongue out at me with a smile in her eyes.

"Looks like you've made quite an impression around here," Barb said to me.

"I didn't mean to. It just kinda happened," I smiled.

Barb took a healthy gulp of her drink as soon as she got it. Moments later she was asked to dance by a good looking younger guy, and she was gone, dancing under the colored lights to a Talking Heads song.

I sipped my drink and watched her, the little summer dress she had chosen for the night twirling up as she danced, showing off her sexy legs. There was no sign of the nerves she had when we walked in—her pretty face was transitioning from one smile to the next almost uninterrupted. It's a beautiful, radiant smile, and ever since she made the decision to file for divorce it graced her pretty face much more often.

"Is she the reason you didn't call me?" Misty asked, diverting my attention from Barb.

"Oh, no, I'm sorry Misty. To be honest I didn't think you could seriously be interested in me. There's quite a bit of age difference, and you're so...you could have anybody."

"Ha! It's so funny when guys assume that. Maybe if I walked around like this all the time, topless and smiling, but that's not the real world Alan. I haven't had a date with someone nice, like you, in a long time. But if you're not interested that's fine. Just tell me so I can stop thinking about you, okay?"

"I'm very interested, but you should know the whole story. I guess that's really why I didn't call, my life's sorta crazy right now. To be honest with you, it's kind of embarrassing. I'm not a 'ladies man' or a 'player', but in the last month all this crazy shit has happened. So, I'll lay it out for you and you can decide if we have a date, okay?"

"Deal. Hang on a minute, I gotta make a few drinks."

I watched Barb twirling and laughing while Misty shook up some cocktails. She saw me looking and ran over to down the rest of her drink.

"Fun so far! He's cute, right?" she said, and she danced her way back onto the floor.

"All right, lay it out brother," Misty said with a smile.

"I'm fifty-years-old," I said, pausing to see if she flinched. She didn't. "I'm a mild-mannered computer systems designer who works from home a lot, house in the 'burbs, push lawnmower, the whole bit. Hadn't had a date in over a year, that kinda guy. My next-door neighbors have a cute teenaged daughter. She turns eighteen, decides she needs an adult to talk frankly to about sex because she's a virgin, I make the mistake of falling into her comely trap, her best friend joins in, they trick me into bringing them here because I'm worried about them coming alone, I help them get an apartment and have sex with them regularly, her mother, who I guess has had a thing for me decides to join me on my morning walks, I fall into her comely trap, she files for divorce and moves out, the husband puts the house up for sale, the daughter tell her mother about this place and I bring her here tonight."

"Holy shit," Misty laughed. "That's a busy month! Lucky for you I'm pretty busy with school and two jobs, so you'll have lots of time to keep up with all that craziness between our dates. Don't leave here without giving me your phone number. I've always had a thing for mild-mannered computer systems designers. And since we're being so open with each other, I like girls too, so..."

She winked and walked away to take care of a customer. I stood stunned for a minute or two, amazed that she really was interested in me.

"It's Alan isn't it?" a woman's voice said.

I turned to see one of the women who had been part of the wonderful tag-team blow-job on the dance floor the week before. A thin, wiry girl, with black hair that fell in waves to her shoulders, her eyes twinkled in the dim light as she looked at me.

"Hello!" I said. "Yes, Alan. And you are?"

"Margo. We sort of met last week," she said, with a mischievous smile.

"Yes we did," I said with a smile. "In a most pleasurable way as I recall."

"Yes, it was nice. I'm always surprised by this place, what happens here and what I'm capable of."

"You know, I know nothing about the history of this place, how long it's been here, who the experienced people are. Have you been coming long?"

"My husband and I, he's the one dancing with your girl, we joined back in the spring. I think the club got started ten years ago, or something like that. Randy and Donna have been behind it from the start, but it was on a much smaller scale until two years ago when they built this house."

"I'll be honest with you, I never dreamed I'd be at a place like this. My young friend Summer, she sorta twisted my arm to get me to bring her. I'm glad I did."

"It seems you have a new woman with you every time you come. First Summer, then Summer and Marcy, and now..."

"Barb. She's Summer's mother, believe it or not."

"Summer's mother! Wow, you're full of surprises. Does Summer know?"

"Oh yeah, it was her idea. Barb's in the middle of a divorce, with a lot of low self esteem and poor sex-life issues, so Summer thought this would be good for her. Barb was really nervous about it, but your husband seems to have relaxed her."

"He'll do more than that to her if she lets him. As soon as she walked in his eyes latched on and wouldn't let go," Margo laughed. "I can certainly see the resemblance to Summer now that you've told me who she is. It's uncanny isn't it, the way they move and their bodies. So similar."

"What's your husband's name?"

"David. I guess you weren't here when it happened, but Marcy took him by the hand and had her way with him on the white lounge last week, in front of everybody. It was without doubt the hottest thing I've ever seen in my life."

"Oh, I heard a little about that. Summer said it was the biggest cock she'd ever seen," I laughed.

"He is well endowed," she smirked. "I hope that doesn't scare Barb, if she's nervous at all."

"She's a lot like Summer, so she'll take it all in stride I think."

"Did you want to stay with her? Maybe the four of us could get a room."

"That sounds wonderful Margo. Let me run it by her and see what she's most comfortable with."

My phone buzzed with a text from Summer...

Driving me crazy not being there. What's happening?

I replied...

Remember the biggest cock you ever saw? She's dancing with him.

OMG! was Summers reply.

I managed to get a few minutes alone with Barb and ran Margo's proposition by her. No time was wasted and we were in the throws of it, four naked bodies satisfying each others carnal desires in a red room on a pink bedspread.

David's cock was a big one — porn star big — and Barb was worshiping it with her mouth and hands, like it was a moment in time she had to make the most of. A long thread of saliva hung from her lower lip as she worked the thick, long shaft, and her eyes flashed with lust when they met mine for a moment.

Margo moved me to the bottom of a sixty-nine, engulfing my face with her pussy and ass. She smelled heavenly and tasted even better, like pure sex, with a dash of cinnamon and lavender. The room was warm, as they always seemed to be, and our skin soon had the smooth sheen of perspiration that feels so good under the hands.

With my face buried the way it was in Margo's sweet ass, I lost track of Barb until David's big cock slid into her tight pussy. She let out a shrieky moan that probably turned some heads out at the bar, followed by a series of short, sharp cries that would have won a pig holler at the State Fair.

"Easy big boy!" Margo said to her husband. "She's new here you know."

"No! Give it to me! Fuckin' give it to me!" Barb shrieked.

David did. I looked around Margo's creamy white thigh and saw Barb, on her knees with her ass in the air, head just above the pink bedspread. She squeezed the fabric in her white-knuckled fists as David pummeled her from behind, his long, fat shaft reaming her soft pink hole like never before. He was soon up to a blur of a pace, taking Barb on a wild ride.
