 All characters are over eighteen. All people and places are fictional.

*****

A horny middle-aged woman wanders around the TV screen in her negligé while a man with a resonant voice tells us we need to "be ready when she is." He goes on and on, and then says, "when you're ready to fuck her with your brand-new super-hard boner, talk to your doctor first and ask if you're healthy enough to have sex," or something like that.

Healthy enough to have sex? Good lord, I was a fifty-year-old man fucking eighteen-year-olds, two of 'em at once fer Chrissakes! Was I about to commit suicide with my pants down? I hadn't been to a doctor in way too long, and I'd always had a heart murmur thing, so I made an appointment for a check-up. My doctor's an old college buddy of mine.

"Alan! Long time no see my friend," John said, and he gave me a bro hug.

"Doctor John! How are ya buddy?"

We went through the usual pleasantries, and he scolded me for not coming in for regular check-ups.

"That's kinda why I'm here. Remember when we were in school and we always wanted to get a couple of freshman into bed?" I asked. "I finally did, and I just wanna make sure my heart isn't gonna explode."

"Well, you've got that arrhythmia, but it's never been anything to worry about. We can do another quick EKG and make sure nothing's changed. Are you getting any exercise, other than your new girl?"

"I've always stayed in pretty good shape, but no real organized exercise, no."

"Well you look good my friend," he said as he poked and prodded and listened to my chest. "Nice and lean, that's good. You're doing better than me in that regard. So what's this new relationship you're in?"

"You wouldn't believe me if I told you."

"Go for it. Patients tell me wild stories all the time," he smiled.

"Two eighteen-year-olds, in an apartment I partially pay for. I go to a sex club with them and have wild sex with women I hardly know. The bartender there hit on me, and the mother of one of the girls is after me."

"Fuck!" John said. "Sorry man, I'm not supposed to swear around here, but...fuck!"

"I know, it's fuckin' nuts. It's all in the last few weeks. Before that I was boring old Alan."

"I guess you do need a check-up!"

"It's funny, I saw one of those boner pill commercials the other day, something about asking your doctor if you're healthy enough to have sex, and I suddenly thought, holy shit, I'm an old guy playing with fire."

"The good news is you're not an old guy. Trust me, I've got plenty of worn out patients and you're not one of them. It is pretty unusual to hit your sexual peak at your age though. Some light cardio between your wild sex sessions might not be a bad idea, some fast walking or a tread mill at home. So do you need any of those boner pills? I can hook you up."

"No, for some reason I seem to be holding my own in that department, which is a pleasant surprise."

"Jesus Alan, this all happened in just a few weeks, huh? You're making me wish I wasn't married."

"You ever hear of the Swingtime Social Club? It's mostly married folks."

"Ha! Swingers? Margaret would never go for that! Not in a million years. Sit right here, I'll send my nurse in to do that EKG, all right?"

I left with a clean bill of health from my old friend, went home and took a long walk. Barb was in her open garage potting up some plants when I returned.

"Decide to take care of yourself now that you're a stud with the girls?" she yelled as I walked by.

I waved and went right to a lawn chair in the shade of my backyard, breathing heavy from the brisk pace of my walk. It was only a few moments before Barb walked over, swinging her little hips more than she used to.

"What are you, into fitness all the sudden?" she said with a smile.

"Doctor appointment today. He suggested it," I said, still breathing a little hard.

"Oh. You all right?"

"Yeah I'm fine. Just, you know, not the youngest guy on the block."

"I talked to Summer this morning," Barb said. "She sounds good I guess. It's hard to get used to her not needing me."

"Barb, she loves you ya know. She told me she misses living at home with you guys, but she's happy I think. They've all gotta move out on their own sometime, right."

"Yeah, I know. It's nice to know she misses me. Its way too quiet around that big house without her. I'm already bored stiff. Guess I need to learn how to keep busier."

"Talk about boring! I just walked three miles at a 'brisk pace'. I don't know how anyone finds that enjoyable," I said, wiping my sweaty brow with my shirtsleeve.

"Want some company? Lord knows I can use some exercise."

"Barb, I don't know."

"What...worried the neighbors'll talk?" she smiled.

"Somethin' like that," I said. "What about Jim?"

"Fuck Jim. He hardly touches me anymore. Maybe a little jealousy'll kick him into gear."

"That's not really something I want to get in the middle of Barb."

"Oh shit Alan, forget I said that. It's just a walk for goodness sakes. So are you gonna do it every day?"

"That's sorta the plan," I said, not sounding very enthused.

"Good. Tomorrow morning then? Eight o'clock work for you? Before it gets too warm?"

"Yeah, okay Barb, we'll give it a try. It'll be good to have somebody to keep me structured I guess."

The next morning I took a shower and got dressed, wondering what I had got myself into with a daily 'date' with Barb. At half past seven her husband Jim left for work, and promptly at eight she was sitting on her front steps waiting for me.

"Morning Alan," she said with a bright smile just like Summer's.

"Jesus Barb, you think you could dial down the sexy a little?"

My protest was about her clothing—skin-tight short shorts, a halter style top with form fitting cups for her nice little tits, a bare back and plenty of cleavage on display.

"Why Alan!" she smiled, "That's the nicest compliment I've had in years!"

I was glad I had worn briefs instead of boxers, because a boner was imminent, especially with the mother/daughter thing rattling around in my head.

We headed off on our walk, talking about trees and flowers and summer vacations. The miles ticked off much more pleasantly than they did the day before. On the way back the conversation turned to different topics, and landed squarely on sex.

"How many women have you been with," Barb asked, reminding me of Summer's frank questions that started the whole sexual ball rolling.

"I don't even know."

"Yes you do!" she said. "Everybody knows."

"But what kind of 'been with' are we talking about?"

"Oh, I see what you mean," she said. "Blow-jobs are sex, right? I can't believe it would just end there though. I guess it does with guys sometimes, but girls, I mean when a guy licks my pussy it doesn't end there."

She had a mischievous look on her face, and was obviously delighted to be talking so frankly. 

"When's the last time that happened?" I said, throwing the mischievous right back at her.

"Wouldn't you like to know. So how many?"

I tried to do a quick calculation, but I couldn't quite believe the numbers I was coming up with. In just one night a few days ago at the club I'd fucked a new girl and gotten a blow-job from six other women. That kind of thing just boggled my mind.

"I don't know, I can only sorta guesstimate. Twenty maybe?"

"Ooo, a man with experience! I like that."

"You can't ask a question like that without answering it yourself you know."

"I hope you like women who aren't experienced. Three," she said, sounding sort of deflated.

I put my arm around her, just for a squeeze, to tell her I did.

"What's your favorite body part?" she asked when I let go of her.

"Ass I guess."

As soon as I said it a spandex clad girl ran past us at a slow trot, with one of those perfect athletic asses flexing in the morning sun.

"Wow, you've got magical genie powers or something," Barb laughed. "Most girls say ass or eyes, but I'm a cock girl myself. Pretty sad that I've only had my hands on three of 'em. It's a terrible thing to have as a favorite though, because they're all hidden away. All I can do is wonder," she said, looking at my crotch as I walked, "and try and catch little hints. Thank God for porn."

"Don't tell me you're a porn watcher! Jeez, the things you learn about your neighbors on a warm summer day."

"It sounds awful, but porn keeps me alive I think," she said. "I've always watched it, but ever since you mentioned wife swapping the other day I've been hooked on all the 'screw my wife' stuff. Some of it's fake I'm sure, but some of it looks real. The voyeur thing when I watch that real looking stuff is just so intense, you know?"

I wasn't sure what to say so we just walked silently for a minute, down a shady street at the entrance to our neighborhood.

"I said too much didn't I? Now you think I'm a skank or something," she said, sounding angry at herself for letting her mouth run.

"Not in the least Barb. It's always nice to find out my friends are just as human as I am."

"We're all human. Deeply human. That's why I'm not mad at you about Summer," she said. "Just jealous I guess. Lately I've been getting that 'life is passing me by' feeling that I always hoped I wouldn't get."

"You're every bit as beautiful and sexy as she is, if that helps."

"It helps a lot. More than I can tell you."

We turned onto our street and went right to my lawn chairs in the shade of the backyard, my heart beating firmly but steadily, Barb breathing deeply with a shiny glisten of sweat on her face and her cleavage.

"Lemonade?" I asked. Barb followed me through the back door into the kitchen.

"Mind if I take a shower?" Barb said when I had my head in the refrigerator. "Ours wasn't working right this morning."

I turned to say 'no way, that's a bad idea', but Barb's little halter top was already off in her hand, and she was on her way down the hall. Her naked back and her wiggling ass in those tiny shorts stopped any words from coming out of me. All I could do was watch her.

The whole 'Summer when she's twenty years older' thing was making a mess of my brain. Actually the last three weeks had made a mess of my brain—if I thought about it all as an aggregate it was too much for me to believe, even though I had lived every moment of it. 

I knew having sex with Barb would be wrong, for so many reasons, but the horny Devil that lived quietly in me for so many years had been shaken awake, and he was screaming in my ear so loud I couldn't hear any common sense. I knew what would happen if I walked in that bathroom, but I did it anyway.

"Here's a fresh towel for you," I said.

The glass shower enclosure had already steamed up a little, but the flesh colored blur was beguiling. It was only a few seconds before it opened. Barb took advantage of her new knowledge and bent at the waist, presenting her ass to me. She kept her back straight and soaped up her thighs, her fingers coming through between her legs and sliding up to her pussy. It was as hot as anything I'd ever seen.

"You musta got sweaty too honey," she purred. "Want me to soap you up?"

I don't know why I hesitated, because I knew there was no turning back when I walked down the hall, but I froze and it was enough to make Barb think the worst.

"Don't worry, I'm leaving," she said, sounding upset as she quickly rinsed off. "I'm an idiot. I'm sorry Alan."

By the time she was rinsed and wiping the water from her eyes I was stripped and stepped in behind her.

"I think you missed a spot on your back," I said as my cock rose to the occasion.

"Alan!" she said, looking like she could burst into tears at any moment.

"Is this okay?" I said before I touched her.

"I don't know, but it's what I want."

Her hand went to my hardening cock as water cascaded down over her shoulders. As our bodies fell together our mouths met for the first time, feeling for all the world like they'd known each other for ever.

It was astonishing how much her body felt like Summers. My hands roamed her wet, slippery flesh, goosebumps rising on her skin from my touch. After fifty years it was my first time in a shower with a woman. Strange but true, and I was overcome with a 'why haven't I done this before' feeling, so wonderful was the warmth, the water, the slippery awesomeness of it all.

"You know I've never done this before, a shower, with a man," Barb said.

"I was just thinking the same thing," I smiled. "Guess were both virgins in a way."

"As if I needed any more excitement," she said. "God you're hard!"

"How could I not be?" I said, and Barb kissed me deeply.

The kiss broke off with a moan. Barb turned around, pressing her ass to my hardness, my hands sliding up her wet belly to her tits. I crouched a bit and my cock slithered through her thighs. Her hands kept it pressed tight against her pussy lips as I thrusted through the wetness, both of us moaning deeply.

She bent slowly at the waist, putting her hands on the wall in front of her. Without missing a single thrust I entered her, the slippery wetness letting me in, into a heavenly, velvety warmth.

"Oh my God!" she sighed as I went deep. "Alan! Oh fuck Alan!"

"God you feel good!" I said.

I slipped in and out through the warm shower of water, Barb's pussy caressing me and silently urging me on. She bent lower, arching her back as she went, grunting as she felt me even farther inside her.

"Oh my God!" she said, her voice deeper, rawer.

My thrusting started bottoming harder, and she grunted each time. Speed picked up and the bottoming became a slap, pelvis to ass, solid hits that forced air out of her lungs each time. Soon I was at a full gallop, holding tight to her hips as my thrusting piston reached full throttle. I held on as her grunts rose up into a singing sigh, finally close, and none to soon as I was nearing melt-down. The sound of the falling water, the heat and steamy humidity, the warm flesh in my hands, the sound of Barb's scream as she came, the feel of my cock gushing cum—all of it overloaded my brain and I fucked as if in a dream, not thinking anymore, just fucking, and loving it.

It was so sensual and hot, I didn't even soften much. My hips went circular, forcing my cock against new parts of her insides. Barb whimpered as she felt it, her post-orgasmic pussy still contracting, squeezing me deliciously.

"God Alan! What the fuck!" she sighed.

Finally she pulled off and turned around, held my face in both her hands and kissed me hard, her tongue trying to snake down my throat as she moaned into my mouth. She dropped down on one knee and inhaled my cock. I don't ever remember staying hard after such an intense fucking, but Barb in the shower was something special, something I'll long remember. My hard length went deep in her mouth as her hands worked the base and my dripping wet balls.

"Fuck Alan, why didn't you ever give me this before," she said breathlessly, and she inhaled me again. "Didn't you cum?" she asked. I nodded, and she groaned as she sucked me in yet again. "What'd you take a pill or something?"

I shook my head as I disappeared in her mouth again. "It's all you baby," I said, barely able to speak. "Fffuuck!"

I felt a powerful need to fuck her again, so I pulled her to her feet and leaned her back against the wall. I dropped and took her pussy in my mouth, tasting the salty, slimy mix of pussy juice, semen and warm water. My tongue rolled around in it, spreading the sexy goo all over her tenderest flesh. Even her pussy looked like Summers, and her clit was right there, plain as day for my slippery tongue to massage.

"Oh my God!" she said in a whisper.

I worked her to a quiet frenzy before rising to my feet, lifting one of her pretty legs high, and thrusting into her for round number two.

"Oh fuck yeah!" she said, with a sexy, closed eye smile.

Inexplicably, I was as hard as round one, and I thrust long and deep into her sweetness. My free hand went to her tits, squeezing, kneading, pinching. I was thrusting up into her as I had never done before, seemingly on auto-pilot.

"Oh Jesus!" she yelled.

I went off again, the feeling rushing over me from bottom to top like gasoline thrown on a fire. Barb burned too, with a twitching, stuttering orgasm that left her limp and breathless.

———————

Barb left later that morning with an unusual look in her eye that I couldn't read. I had no idea what to expect, but I knew a steady diet of cheating with my next-door neighbor was not something I could stomach. Barb didn't seem the type for that either. It felt more like a re-birth in a way, like she was discovering who she was, what she wanted to be. A lot like Summer I guess. A married mother who was in a lot of ways a virgin again, finding her way.