 All characters are over eighteen. All people and places are fictional.

*****

The pinkish twilight of a long summer day was hanging in the sky when Misty's car pulled in my driveway. I had a strange compulsion to sit on my front steps and wait for her to arrive, and when she did I couldn't seem to wipe the somewhat nervous smile off my face. She seemed to have a matching nervous smile, but even so, I felt like a schoolboy.

Her car was a rusty contraption, something you don't often see these days. As she waved and walked towards me I realized it was the first time I had seen her wearing clothing above the waist. She had on a well-worn thin summer cardigan, a faded batik print skirt and flip-flops on her feet. She was the picture of unpretentious comfort, and looked radiantly beautiful.

"Hi Alan," she said, the nerves in both our smiles melting away.

"You look beautiful in clothes," I said.

"Why thank you!" she said as she sat down next to me. "This is such a nice neighborhood. I've never been back in these streets before. It's so beautiful, with all these old trees. I'll bet there's lots of stories around here."

"Yeah, I'm sure you're right. I hadn't really thought about it before, but now that I'm in the middle of one of them..."

"You probably never thought you'd be the bad boy on the street," Misty said with a sexy smirk. "Care to go inside and fuck yet another girl?"

Misty's boldness was both a shock and a delight. My face showed it and she giggled.

"You're so cute Alan. For a guy who's had sex in front of me more than once...that sweet shyness is just adorable."

I knew Misty's tits by heart, but undressing her in my bedroom that evening felt like Christmas morning when I was a little kid. Uncovering them, feeling the heat radiating off them, touching their softness for the first time, it was intense and more of a rush than I anticipated. The reason was pretty clear—I was falling hard for the girl.

What really made my day though, was how she reacted when she undressed me. I had been naked around her more than once, with my cock in other girl's mouths, even parading around the bar with a hard-on for goodness sakes. And yet she seemed to have that same sense of Christmas morning excitement when she wrapped her delicate fingers around my rock-hard cock for the first time.

"I don't know what it is about you," she said. "There's never been anybody in my life that I've thought about so much."

She took me slowly into her mouth, her tongue exploring the first inch or two, feeling exquisitely soft and loving.

"I'm nowhere near as experienced as those other girls," she said, looking up at me with uncertainty in her eyes.

"Oh Misty," I moaned as she took me back in. "You're so much more..."

A massive wave of heat washed over me, and my eyes welled up with tears. Thankfully they didn't roll down my cheeks and make me look like a slobbering fool, but something extraordinary was happening to me.

Misty was right, the blow-job was nothing like the wild, deep-throat sessions at the club, and yet her tentative, gentle licking and sucking was so much more. It felt like pure love even though I didn't know if she felt that way yet, and when my body and mind were lost in the ether I gushed my warm seed into her softly moaning mouth. It was the most intense release I'd ever felt and my legs slowly gave out, leaving me on my knees, rocked to the core, gently hugging Misty with my head on her shoulder. I could have burst into tears without any problem, but thought better of it.

We stayed that way for a silent minute, neither of us moving or saying anything. It was a big night, for both of us.

All our lovemaking that night was soft and tender, our first fuck a simple missionary affair. I hadn't ever really thought about it before, but it's a wonderfully intimate position, bodies in full contact, with warm, wet kissing accompanying the fucking. The simple basics were nothing short of intoxicating with Misty.

"I hope it's not too soon to say it, but...I could get used to this," Misty said, her head on my chest as we snuggled in the warmth under a white sheet.

"I'm afraid I'm gonna wake up and find out this whole summer was a dream," I said, holding her soft body close.

———————

My dream, if it was one, took another step toward the unbelievable later that week when I found myself in bed with Misty, Summer and Marcy. Misty had mentioned she liked girls too, but it didn't fully register until she and I had lunch one day.

"So how are things with Summer and Marcy," she asked. "Is their apartment one wild party after another?"

"You know, they're being pretty responsible about it." I said. "I'll be honest, I was pretty uncomfortable getting involved financially, but I was sorta the reason they were homeless, so I did it. Now, I'm glad I'm doing it. I mean maybe it's the horny old man talking, but helping them has made me feel good. With no kids of my own, it's kinda satisfying to help them move forward with their lives."

"Kids with benefits," Misty laughed. "Without all that pesky incest stuff."

"Yeah, well, there's that," I laughed.

"So I've never seen them in private, but I'm guessing they're bi, right?" Misty asked.

"You mean bi-sex...like, into each oth...er," I stammered like an idiot.

"Yeah," Misty laughed. "God you're so cute."

"Yeah, they are," I said. "I don't know how much, like when they're home alone."

"I'm guessing all the time, at their age," she said with a knowing smile.

"So...you?" I asked.

"Yeah. Lets just say undergrad school was fun, and I didn't have many boyfriends. It's been a long time though. My last girlfriend got married and moved away a few years ago. I licked her pussy and made her cum in the ladies room at her wedding reception."

"Whoa!" I said quietly.

"So...can I go with you sometime? When you go to see them?" Misty asked, with a lusty look in her eye.

"Yeah. I mean...sure...that'd be...yeah," I said, sounding like an idiot again.

"Don't worry, we'll go easy on you," she laughed.

The day came and it was like a scene out of Caligula—clothes strewn about everywhere, gorgeous naked females covering every square inch of the bed, their hands reaching for my body and their bodies absorbing my cock and my tongue in one orifice after another.

It was only the first time of many, becoming almost a regular thing. Between that, and Barb, and the girls at the club, those Arab guys with their harems had nothing on me.

As extraordinary as all that was however, what was even more wonderful was how Misty took Summer and Marcy under her wing, gently guiding them toward a life where education mattered, and getting into a good college was an exciting goal.

Another change Misty brought to my life was a brand new feeling of discomfort at the club. Being free and easy and openly sexual, with her behind the bar watching it all, just wasn't possible for me as our relationship deepened. I didn't mind the change a bit, but she did. Much to Randy's chagrin, she found another job and quit. Actually he wasn't too upset, because he knew the reason behind it and she was still there, in front of the bar instead of behind it.

The first night there with her on my arm was an interesting one—every guy in the place had the hots for her when she was behind the bar, so we had plenty of interest in 'getting together' that evening.

It happened to be an 'Exhibitions At Eleven' night. Summer, Marcy, Barb and Misty were all with me, Misty and I breaking off with another couple and losing track of the other girls for a few hours. A little after eleven we wandered back into the main room and the festivities were underway, Barb on her hands and knees on the white lounge, bright lights streaming down on her as another woman fucked her with a strap-on dildo. A crowd was gathered around cheering them on, Summer and Marcy included.

"Can you imagine cheering on your mother like that?" I asked Misty.

She looked at me with huge, astonished eyes and burst out laughing. "My mother would have a stroke and die if she even read in the paper that a place like this existed," she said, still laughing. "I'm not sure how good this would be for most people, but it seems to be working for them."

It did indeed seem to be. Barb had a look of pure bliss on her face and Summer looked pretty happy too as she pulled down a man's pants and directed his cock into her mom's mouth.

After a few requests from the cheering crowd, the strap-on was transferred to Summer's already naked body. Barb looked back at her with big eyes as the big rubber cock slipped into her, propelled by Summer's lovely, thrusting hips. The look on both their faces was priceless as the fucking commenced. The crowd was whipped into a frenzy by the sight, and Barb lost her mind pretty quickly, an earth shattering orgasm draining her as the crowd went wild.

A new addition to the club, purchased by Randy with money raised by 'passing the hat' at a few previous events, was a sex machine for the ladies called a Sybian. A vaguely horse saddle like device, with a moving, rotating dildo protruding from the top and a soft, vibrating pad of tiny nubs to stimulate the clitoral region, it was brought in with great ceremony and placed on the white lounge under the lights. 

Randy's wife Donna got the honor of being the first to ride the new toy. With shimmering gold lingerie, including gold tinted thigh high stockings, she looked almost regal, especially with her hair piled up on top of her head as it was. As the queen of the club it was a fitting look. Her gold panties came off and Randy held her hand as she stepped up on the lounge, mounting the machine with a sigh.

"I wanted to try this the day it came, but Randy wouldn't let me," she said. He handed her the control box and the machine buzzed to life. "Oh yeah!" she moaned.

All the women in attendance were fascinated by the new contraption, some of them talking about how they'd seen one on internet videos.

Donna was soon writhing, her lovely body moving in the most sensual of ways as the machine did its thing. She seemed to barely be able to touch down on the vibrating pad, mostly hovering above it, riding the swiveling, fucking dildo. Gradually, with her eyes rolling and all awareness of the crowd watching her seemingly gone, she settled her clit down on the buzzing, vibrating pad and took an even bigger step into the orgasmic nether-world.

As she rode the wild beast she seemed to be in a state of perpetual orgasm, her muscles all firing in beautiful ways, her entire body breaking out in a shiny sheen of sweat, her eyes rolling wildly, her lungs forcing out garbled moans and grunts. It was an extraordinary thing to watch.

The crowd was fairly quiet at first, but as the massive, never-ending orgasm continued, good spirited egging-on rose up into cheers of great enthusiasm. Donna was sweating from head to toe, her body dripping wet, and she seemed unable to stop the churning orgasmic bliss that had overtaken her. Somehow she had the mental acumen to remove her gold bra, her hands sliding over her sweaty tits in a wonderful display of sensuality. She rode the relentless machine for all it was worth. Finally, when she could literally take no more, she lifted herself enough to break contact and fell into the fetal position on the lounge next to the still buzzing machine, her body a quivering mass of involuntary muscle contractions.

"Holy fuckin' shit!" a woman yelled, and everyone cheered.

"I'm sure a lot of you ladies would like to be next," Randy said. "I'd like to nominate our favorite ex-bartender. Misty, would you care to show us all what we've been missing by keeping you chained-up behind the bar?"

The men in attendance seemed particularly enthused about the request, and a chant of "Misty!...Misty!...Misty!" quickly rose.

Misty looked at me with an expression I hadn't seen before. Working all that time behind the bar wearing nothing but a tiny pair of panties made it clear she didn't mind exposing herself, but letting yourself go in hip-thrusting, sweaty orgasmic bliss in front of a crowd was something else entirely.

"I guess it's my turn," she said to me as the chant continued.

She took off the bra and panties she was wearing, exposing her very familiar tits but giving the onlookers their first look at her smoothly shaved pussy.

"There's different sizes," Randy said. "Donna chose one of the bigger ones."

"That'll work," Misty said with a smirk.

Randy held her hand as she stepped up onto the lounge. She straddled the silent machine and lowered herself, using her hand to line things up before sinking down on the soft rubber protuberance.

As she was getting ready Donna was being helped up onto her wobbly legs. "Jesus," she said. "You girls are gonna love that thing."

Randy handed Misty the controls and she fired up the buzzing machine. Her eyes grew as it started to vibrate and swivel inside her.

"Holy ffuuucck!" she said quietly.

The machine had already started in on the strange sort of mind control that we would witness all evening as more and more women tried it. It was like some sort of drug that latched onto something in their brains and wouldn't let go until they were way beyond where they would have stopped it they'd had their wits about them.

Misty's orgasm built in a similar way to Donna's, her body writhing and sweat-soaked, her eyes rolling like she was having very happy seizures. The main difference was her mouth. Donna moaned and groaned, but Misty carried on a babbling, filthy conversation, peppered by shrieks and screams. It was insanely hot.

When she was thoroughly engulfed in a seemingly never ending orgasm she beckoned my to her side and quickly had my cock in her mouth. Her body writhed on the relentless machine as she moaned on my cock like no one I've ever heard, giving me the most amazing blow-job, like she was possessed by the most powerful spirit of carnality to ever take over a human body. Even after I shot off in her mouth she continued, my cock staying hard from the sheer eroticism of it all, her mouth and chin dripping my cum onto her shiny, sweaty tits.

Misty was finally ravaged to the point were she just rolled off the buzzing machine and lay twisted on her back, mouth open, gasping for breath.

"Fuck!" I heard Summer say as Randy turned off the buzzing.

It went on like that all evening—woman after woman riding the Sybian to wild, sweaty orgasms that drained every bit of energy from them and left them twitching and smiling. Summer and Marcy vowed to save up enough money to buy one for their apartment.

The dynamic of my four women changed a bit that night. Misty and I were the 'couple', and Summer, Marcy and Barb gave us plenty of space. They all seemed genuinely happy to see how things were working out between Misty and me. Barb showed glimmerings of finding a potential mate as well — a handsome older man named Mike whose wife had passed away two years before, soon after joining the club. He and Barb seemed to hit it off quite well.

———————

There were many more nights like that at the club, all of us exploring new things and growing sexually. The Swingtime Social Club, a place I had thought was going to be sleazy and unpleasant, turned out to be the shining, friendly hub of our new world.

The long, lazy days of summer passed quickly, and way too soon Labor Day was upon us, the unofficial end of the season. Barb and Jim's house, the one Summer had grown up in, sold quickly and new neighbors were already settled in next door. Misty had moved in with me, the two of us falling into a wonderful 'longtime couple' vibe, even though we'd been together less than two months. She was working an internship at a local law firm, and they liked her so much they had already offered to hire her as soon as she passed her bar exam. My work was humming along nicely too. Life was good.

Summer and Marcy had both completed the classes they were taking at the community college. Good marks and full credits in hand, they were both accepted at NYU, Misty's alma mater, and both were angling towards pre-law, just as their mentor Misty had done. 

Barb and Mike had quickly become a nice couple, sharing wild sex, good food and travel together. Summer was thrilled to see her mother happier than she'd ever been with her stick-in-the-mud father. Things had fallen into place for him too, with his secretary snapping him up quickly.

The end of such an extraordinary summer seemed to call for a celebration, so Misty and I hosted a party at our house on Labor Day weekend.

Steaks on the grill, potato salad, sweet corn, ripe tomatoes and cucumbers. The smells and tastes were pure summer, a season no one likes to let go of in upstate New York. The evening was warm and drifting towards twilight when the conversation turned to reminiscing about what had brought us all together.

"You were having sex? Right here?" Barb said to Summer and Marcy, her voice high and surprised. "What if your father had caught you?"

"He didn't Mom," Summer said. "And anyway, we didn't think it was gonna to be all sex and everything. It was just a bunch of us drinking."

"Right here on this table, while your father and I were sleeping...?" Barb said, her voice trailing of wistfully.

"Well that was Marcy. I was over here, giving a horribly bad blowjob," Summer said, moving a few feet from the picnic table we were all sitting at. "Come here Alan, she looks like she wants to picture it better."

The new neighbors in Barb and Summer's old house were away for the long weekend, so we had plenty of privacy.

"Marcy and me, we lost the spin the bottle game, so we were naked," Summer said. "Come on Marcy, let's show 'em."

The two girls were naked in no time, well practiced over the last few months at getting out of their clothes.

Misty gave me a shove to go participate, so I joined Summer.

"I was really bad at this," she said as she took out my cock, "but I'm not gonna show you all that part. It's more fun to do it good."

She sucked me in deep. Good indeed.

"Marcy was on the table," Summer said with my wet cock in her hand. "Mike, you wanna help recreate the scene? Mom, you and Misty go in the house and look out that big window. That's where Alan was, in the dark."

"What do I do?" Mike asked as Marcy lay back seductively on the picnic table.

"You fuck me, silly!" Marcy said with a smile.

Barb pulled down his pants before walking into the house with Misty. Mike pressed his aging cock into the horny eighteen-year-old. With a 'how did I get so lucky' look on his face he fucked the girl slow and deep as the late summer twilight faded to darkness.

Summer, with my cock deep in her mouth, saw her mom and Misty looking out the window at us and she waved at them. I couldn't help but laugh.

———————

So that's the story of the best summer of my life, a life changing season that will probably never be eclipsed. I was swept away by a girl who bore the season's name, a girl so full of life and curiosity she couldn't help but drag everyone around her along on her voyage of discovery. It was the summer of Summer, the summer of sex in all its glory. It was the summer I found my true love, during those warm, humid days of summer skin.