 All characters are over eighteen. All people and places are fictional.

*****

Saturday night at Swingtime Social Club. A fifty-year-old computer systems designer from the suburbs walks in with three hot women on his arm. Wait, what? I had never even had a dream that good, but there I was, the doorman smiling at me like it was totally normal.

Misty greeted us with a big smile from behind the bar. I must admit, seeing her there wearing nothing but lacy red panties struck me differently that time. My growing feelings for her were having an effect, that's for sure. It didn't take long though for everything to feel remarkably normal. Funny how the brain gets used to crazy things.

It was a small crowd on that particular night. I wasn't sure if that would make things more or less awkward for Summer and her mom. Letting their sexuality loose in front of each other would be an interesting thing to observe, that was for sure. Having Marcy there buffered the situation a little, and she and Summer wandered over to the lounge couches to chat with a few of their friends. 

"Damn!" Barb said quietly.

She was looking over at the dance floor, where a woman in nothing but panties and high heels was taking a hard cock in her mouth. She had just pulled the pants down the man's gyrating hips, and he was thrusting into her mouth to the beat of the throbbing techno music.

"Does that happen often?" she asked. "Right out here in the open?"

"Oh yeah, it's pretty free and open around here," I said. "You didn't see any of that last time, huh?"

"No," she said quietly. "Fuck! I never realized I was a voyeur before. That's hot!"

"Maybe you're an exhibitionist too," I smirked. "You could go help that girl out. Two mouths are better than one you know."

"That'd be a little presumptuous, don't you think?"

"I do not think that, no. I was the happy recipient of a six-way blow job on that very floor a few weeks ago."

"No way! Holy shit, no wonder you like this place."

"He was a happy camper that night," Misty said, overhearing our conversation as she mixed some drinks.

"If you really wanna go for it, that's what that white flat couch at the edge of the dance floor is for. They have an 'exhibitions' night every once in a while. That's where Marcy and David got together. I missed it, but I hear it was smokin' hot."

"Right out here in front of everybody?" Barb asked, her eyes huge. "With David's huge cock? Oh my god! Marcy?"

"Yup, it was a big crowd that night too. I kinda wish I had seen it."

"Me too," Barb said. "Is that sick?"

"You're gonna have to get over those kinds of questions and feelings pretty quick if this is gonna work. Take a look over there..."

I gestured to the lounge area, where Summer and Marcy were each on their knees on the floor, between the legs of two men leaning back languidly on the white leather couch. Each girl was working a stiff cock, practicing their budding blow-job skills.

"Okay, this is suddenly getting very real," Barb said, looking on in fascination as her daughter blew a middle-aged guy.

"You know, if you don't like this we can go get dinner or something, and pick them up later."

"No, I'm fine," she said, still mesmerized at the sight. 

After some quiet observation she turned back toward the bar and took a big gulp of her drink.

"Yup, this is a night to remember," she said. "Dance?"

We hit the floor and the flashing lights and throbbing music swept her mind off her daughter's sexuality. Dancing near a naked man was a good distraction too.

Barb had dressed to impress, in spiky high heels and a short black dress that flared at the bottom. It moved beautifully when she danced, showing off the tops of her thigh high stockings.

She had soon relaxed to the point where her smile was that lovely, radiant thing again. Summer snuck up behind her and wrapped her arms around her sexy mother's waist. They danced as one with synchronized hips before breaking apart, trying to out gyrate each other as they laughed. The similarity of their bodies, their faces and their laughs was almost uncanny, and quite a few of the men in the room took notice.

Marcy joined us, and soon she and Summer where doing a striptease as they danced. Barb didn't join in, but the smile never left her face as she danced. Not surprisingly, a few men and two couples joined us under the flashing colored lights.

Summer and Marcy got down to nothing but their panties as the heat rose on the dance floor. Summer, with a wicked little smile on her face, danced around behind her mother and pulled down the zipper on her dress. 

"No, I can't," Barb said to her over the throbbing music.

"Yes!" Summer yelled. "It feels so fuckin' good! You'll love it!"

Barb danced on for a minute or two, her dress loose and open in the back, like she was getting used to the water. Two of the other older women stripped to their lingerie, and one of them took off her bra, letting out a huge pair of tits, swinging and swaying to the beat.

I saw Barb say something in Summer's ear, and Summer responded by taking off her panties. Barb's eyes got huge as she watched her now completely naked daughter dance to the increasingly intense beat. As soon as Marcy saw Summer, her panties came off too.

"This is fuckin' crazy!" Barb yelled in my ear. "Here goes nothin'!"

She seductively lowered her little dress, revealing the fact that she had worn no underwear other than the thigh-high stockings. She stepped out of the dress and tossed it aside with all the other clothes, resuming her dancing a bit more nervously, with a deep blush on her face and chest. She had done some landscaping since I had last seen her—her pretty little pussy was mostly bare.

"You look fuckin' hot!" I said, smiling my approval.

Before long she was relaxed and smiling again. The big-titted woman pulled one of the men over to the white lounge next to the dance floor, and his still dancing hips levered his hard cock in and out of her mouth. Before long she was on her back, her panties pulled aside so the man's tongue could dance on her clit. She was a vocal woman, encouraging him with her shrieks and loud moans.

It didn't take long for more action to break out all around us—women on their knees giving blow-jobs, men on their knees licking pussies, one couple fucking in the middle of it all, the woman bent over as the man held her arms and thrust into her from behind. The entire dance floor had turned into a wild orgy. 

As the lights flashed and the music throbbed, Summer and Marcy started to undress me. I looked to see Randy, the owner of the club, dancing with Barb. She had been impressed with his handsome charm when she first met him the week before, and now she was encouraging him to lose his clothes as they danced.

Randy's wife Donna joined the fray, looking more than a little like a sex-goddess in her leopard print lingerie. To my great delight, she joined Summer and Marcy, putting her arms around the two girl's shoulders as they danced with the newly-naked me. With all the action happening around me, I was hard as a rock. Donna's soft hand found my cock and felt heavenly as we danced.

Things escalated rapidly between Barb and Randy. Not long after she got him naked she was on her back on the white leather, next to the big-titted woman who was on her hands and knees being thoroughly fucked. Randy's tongue found Barb's newly shaved pussy, and I could hear her distinct vocalizations over the music.

The man fucking the big-titted woman yielded to a tap on the shoulder, another man plunging in as she yelled out. Donna had me deep in her expert mouth, doing things with her throat muscles I didn't realize were doable.

I caught sight of Summer and Marcy. The two men they were blowing earlier were naked, as most everyone was at that point, and they had joined the rapidly escalating orgy. The two girls were being fucked hard by them—Summer bent over with her hands on her knees and Marcy with her legs around her man's waist and her arms holding on for dear life around his neck as he thrust up into her.

Donna, ready for more, led me to the big white lounge next to Barb and the big-titted woman. Randy had Barb's legs against his chest and was just entering her as we arrived. Donna quickly shed her bra and panties, pushed me down and mounted me. Her tits were nothing short of perfection—soft and real and firm and just amazing looking. She either loved having my cock in her or was a fabulous actress. She seemed to be truly loving it.

"This is a first you know, this much action breaking out in the Great Room," Donna said in my ear as her hips started to fuck me. "I don't think it's a coincidence it's on a night you and your girls are here."

She smiled as she sat up on me, grinding her hips as she looked around.

"God I love it!" she said to no one in particular.

The room was pulsing with sexual activity, the loud, powerful beat of the music driving the frenzy higher and higher.

A man stood next to Donna and thrust his cock into her mouth as she bounced on me, the fever within her quickly reaching the boiling point.

"Ohh fuuuck yeeeaahh! she yelled.

She stroked the cock in her hand wildly as she grunted and groaned, her perfect tits flailing wildly as she came hard. 

Orgasmic noises, both male and female, where coming from all over the room, one climax seemingly triggering another. Barb seemed to be in another long, sustained orgasm, like she was the week before with David, as Randy held on for a long, hot pummeling. When her screams finally subsided a little he pulled out, she rolled onto her knees, and Randy and the guy next to him switched places. Randy sunk his cock into the big-titted woman and the mystery man slapped hard into Barb, bringing her back on-boil to a howling scream.

It was a true orgy, any sense of 'partners' was obliterated as anybody and everybody was swapping to and fro. I got up when Donna moved on, and Summer joined her mother, on her knees as Barb was, the two of them taking big cocks doggie style side-by-side. I have no idea what went through Barb's mind at that point. She looked at her baby daughter, eyes wide and mouth agape, and they both drifted away on the high, screaming very similar screams as their men pummeled them.

John and Mindy were in the mix. I hadn't seen them since the first night at the club, so I made my way to Mindy. She was on her knees, just having had her mouth vacated by a cock that had moved on. She smiled beautifully when she saw me, beckoned me with her forefinger, and sucked me in without a word.

After a sweet, tender blow-job, which seemed a little odd amongst all the frenzy, she spoke up.

"You gonna make me cum again Alan? I love the way you make me cum."

I thought back to the almost superhuman performance I gave that night, and wondered if I could muster it again. She took my hand and pulled me to a couch piled with clothing. She bent over with her elbows on the clothes and I slipped in to her welcoming warmth. All those wonderful feelings from my first night at the club flooded back to me as I felt her soft hips in my hands and the velvety smoothness of her pussy. I was ready to let myself go and Mindy was too. I fucked her with all the skill I had learned over the past month, a long, deep fucking that left me on the verge of hyperventilating as my body went on auto-pilot, the two of us almost glowing from the heat within us. Finally our sweat covered bodies could take no more and we came, a sweet, sweet release that felt like sexual perfection, drawn into the otherworldly by all the wild, almost surreal sexual noises all around us. It was pure magic.

Mindy left me, wandering into the fray for more, but I was spent, at least temporarily. I went to the bar where Misty was reading a law book, studying for school.

"This is a first," she said. "I always bring something to study, but I've never not had a customer for almost an hour. Quite the party tonight."

"I don't know about you, but it doesn't even seem real to me," I said.

"Sure looked real when you were fucking all those women," Misty smirked.

I didn't know how to answer. Looking into Misty's eyes was different, both of us seemingly telepathing our growing feelings. I was naked and sweaty, and my still engorged cock was coated with other women's pussy juice, but I was looking into the eyes of a woman I was falling for.

"Tomorrow's Sunday. Please tell me you're free and you'll have dinner with me," I said.

"Sorry. Dinner with my mom," she said. "But I could swing by after."

We both smiled, luxuriating in the idea and the anticipation. My life kept getting better.