 Jen arrived at her friend Dawn's apartment for dinner with a bottle of red wine. Dawn's lover Tyrone would be joining them as well. The original plan was for Jen's boyfriend Arron to join them but he backed out at the last minute because a friend of his had tickets to the game. Jen was furious that her calloused boyfriend for just brushing off their dinner date without so much as a second thought. Jen was determined to have a good time with her friends without him. Jen was dressed in a pretty black short dress, low cut with a push-up bra accentuating her small breasts. She wore matching black heels. She had her dark hair cut in a pixie style; she wore red lipstick and blue eye shadow over her brown eyes.

Dawn greeted Jen at the door with a kiss to the cheek and a great big hug. "Thanks for inviting me to dinner, Dawn. Sorry that Arron couldn't make it but he says hi."

"It's okay. I know we'll have a good time with just the three of us. Tyrone's already here he is just getting cleaned up. Ooh! Red wine my favorite." Dawn wore her curly blonde hair in a ponytail and wore very little in terms of make-up. Just a slight touch of blush with pink lip gloss. Jen thought her friend had the prettiest green eyes. Dawn was in a tight red dress which was taught against her body showing off her full figure and her breasts were practically falling out of the top. She wore red heels with her ensemble.

"You look really beautiful, Dawn. I love that dress. You're working it girl."

"Me? Look at you in that pretty black thing? Your legs are looking good. Give us a twirl." Jen spun around for her friend pretending to be a model. The girls had a good laugh. Just then they heard a high pitched whistle.

"Damn both of you ladies are looking mighty fine tonight!" Tyrone walked out of the bedroom wrapped in just a towel. 

"Boy! What's the big idea coming walking out here like that?" Dawn hissed at him.

"I just stepped out of the shower. I didn't get a chance to finish getting ready. I heard you guys out here chit chatting and wanted to say hello to little Jen. It's good to see you again." 

He walked over to her and brought her in close for a hug pressing her face close to his muscular chest. He had spritzed on some cologne before coming out. Jen felt a bit flustered at being hugged so close by her best friend's nearly naked boyfriend. But boy did he smell amazing.

"It's good to see all of...you too!" She wasn't kidding. She found his muscular physique to be most impressive indeed.

"Jen was nice enough to bring over a bottle of red wine for dinner. Wasn't that nice? Now why don't you go and get dressed dinner is almost ready."

"You got it babe." On his way to the bedroom he grabbed and squeezed Dawn's ample ass and said he was starved and was looking forward to a little sugar for dessert afterwards. She chuckled and smacked his arm telling him to behave himself. She turned her attention back to Jen with a mischievous grin and said how bad he was. "Come on girl let's sip on some of that wine while he gets ready."

They sipped on a couple of glasses of wine while Dawn finished preparing dinner. Tyrone joined them in due time in dress pants, sneakers and a vest with no shirt underneath showing off his bulky arms and broad chest. "Something sure smells good."

"Here have some wine babe." Dawn offered him up her glass for a taste but instead he dove in for a deep and sloppy kiss. "Mmmm. That is good. A very fine vintage indeed." 

"Boy. Will you behave yourself? Sit down so we can eat." Jen thought it was so cute that her friends were so affectionate with each other. She missed those days with her own boyfriend. She missed that passion. The trio polished off that bottle of wine with their dinner and proceeded to chase the wine down with some shots of tequila. Jen was feeling good and tipsy, they all were. The conversation flowed freely and a good time was being had by all. They moved to the living room to continue with the festivities where the girls decided to remove their heels and get a bit more comfy. Tyrone excused himself to use the restroom. 

"Tyrone can't seem to keep his hands off you tonight. I can't say that I blame him with that red dress you're wearing. It would drive any man wild." Jen said.

"Before you arrived we had a quickie. He was as horny as fuck and he still is. I wouldn't be surprised if he was in the bathroom jacking off right now."

"Wow! Really? Arron cums just once and then he's out for the count."

"Girl, Tyrone can go all day and all night. That boy can never seem to get enough of it. He wanted me to call you up and tell you not to come for dinner because he wanted to keep going. I am so spoiled. Don't even get me started on that big dick of his. Jesus. I've never been with a man that big."

"How big is he?" Jen was most curious.

"Girl, like maybe a good ten inches and it's as thick as fuck. I'm getting all hot and bothered just talking about it.' Dawn fanned herself with her hand and drew a long breath.

"Damn girl. Are you serious? Ten fucking inches? Arron is maybe five and half inches on a good day. And you can take all that? It doesn't hurt?"

"The very first time it was a snug fit but now it fits like a glove. A very tight glove." The girls cackled. 

"What are you all laughing about out here?" The girls burst out laughing again. "Nothing babe. Why don't you get us some more shots?" Tyrone went to the kitchen to grab the bottle of tequila. He poured the shots and the trio downed them in an instant. Tyrone nestled himself on to the couch next to Dawn and brought her in for a deep, long and passionate kiss. He grabbed and squeezed one of her ample bosoms while he was it. Jen shifted a bit uncomfortably in her seat. Her friends didn't seem to be coming up for air. She was thinking that maybe this was her cue to up and leave. She stood up not realizing how much she had actually had to drink and nearly toppled over falling onto Tyrone's lap. This caused the affectionate couple to break their kiss.

"You okay girlie?" Dawn burst out laughing.

"I am so sorry guys. I was just getting ready to leave." She stammered.

"You're not going anywhere sweetie. You have had way too much drink. You are spending the night with us. Okay?"

"Oh, no. I don't want to impose. I can see that you guys have uh, business to take care of." Jen felt so embarrassed at her drunken clumsiness.

"We're not taking no for an answer. You are staying and that is that." Dawn insisted.

"Babe. If Jen says she's okay then leave it at that." Tyrone was clearly horny as hell and wanted to pound the shit out of his girl at this very moment and was ready to have little Jen be on her way. 

"Don't be a dick. She is staying. Honey you can come and sleep with me in my bed."

"Wait. What about me?" 

"Tyrone, you're staying on the couch tonight babe. Sorry."

"You got to be kidding me?!" He was clearly annoyed with this sudden change of plans.

"No. I'm not. Come here hon. Follow me and let's get you settled in while we leave Tyrone on the couch to pout." Dawn took Jen by the hand and led her into the bedroom. Dawn found Jen an oversized shirt to slip into and pulled out one for herself. These shirts actually belonged to her boyfriend and were perfect as sleepwear for these two lovely young ladies. 

"Dawn, will you help me unzip my dress?" Jen turned her back to her friend. Dawn pulled the zipper down on the back of her dress. She also assisted her in slipping it off her body. Jen was now dressed in only a black push-up and black boy cut panties showing off her cute little ass. Dawn gave it a smack for good measure causing Jen to let out a little chuckle. 

"What's the big idea, Dawn?"

"Maybe I think that you have a sexy ass." Jen blushed at her friend's comment.

"Do you want me to help you with your dress now?" Dawn said yes please and turned around. Jennifer pulled Dawn's zipper down the back of her red dress and aided in her in getting out of it as well.

Dawn was now clad in only a flesh colored bra and panties. Dawn's double-D's were screaming to pop out of her top and she heeded their call. She unhooked the back of her bra and her boobs popped right out in all their glory. Jen could not help but stare at her friend's glorious fleshy orbs of goodness. Dawn large brown nips appeared to be hard.

"See something you like girlie?" Dawn asked.

"I am so jealous, Dawn. You have got the nicest biggest tits that I have ever seen."

"Girl yours are cute too." Jen removed her own bra now.

"Yeah, right. Mine are practically nonexistent compared to what you have."

"I'm sure Arron must have fun with those."

"He seems to enjoy paying ample attention to them when we fuck."

"See. Don't be so hard on yourself."

"I'm sure the only person feeling hard right now is your boy." They chuckled at that. 

Tyrone strolled casually into the room before the girls had a chance to slip on their shirts. Jen covered herself quickly with Tyrone's oversized shirt. Dawn didn't make an attempt to cover up. "What the hell are you doing? Are you nuts? You should have knocked first."

"Oh, sorry babe. I thought you guys were decent." He sincerely seemed embarrassed at having walked in on them in their sate of undress. Dawn rolled her eyes. "Jen give me a minute. He isn't going to be happy until we take care of some business." She led him by the hand to the bathroom that was in their bedroom. Jen waited until they were out of sight before she quickly put on the shirt that she was using to cover her bare chest and slid into bed and pulled the sheets over herself. She was mortified. She half contemplated leaving right then and there while her friends were preoccupied. But thought better of it. Dawn was right in that she was way too drunk to be driving home at this hour.

It wasn't long before she heard the unmistakable sounds of coitus going on in her friend's bathroom. She heard Tyrone grunting like a wild beast and her buddy Dawn screaming her head off. Jen could not believe the sounds that were coming from in there. Her lovemaking sessions with Arron were nowhere near as intense as what was going on in the other room. She could hear the familiar smacking of flesh pounding into flesh. Jen's nipples began to harden and her pussy was nice and moist. God she was so horny. She could not recall the last time she had received a proper fucking from a man. She reached down between her legs under the sheets and began petting her hairy cookie. She breathed in heavily. She could not believe she was about to pleasure herself in her friend's bed while the very same friend was getting the dickens slammed out of her in the next room.

"Pound me! Pound me! Pound me baby!" Dawn screamed.

"Fuck baby! I been waiting to do this to you all night long. It feels so good!" Tyrone retorted.

"Oh me too baby! Don't stop baby! Pound my pussy!" Hearing her good friends talking filthy to each other as they fucked caused Jen's sex drive to go through the roof. She was ferociously massaging her own pussy desperately trying to reach orgasm before her friends finished up their session and walked in on her. How embarrassing would that be?

"Oh, baby please! I'm almost there! For the love of God make me fucking cum!!!" Dawn howled.

"Ah shit! I'm about there too baby! Cum with me baby! Ohhhhh shhhiiit!!!" Tyrone growled.

"OH fuck!!! I'm cumming too!!!" Dawn screeched.

Things fell silent as Jen was furiously trying to make herself cum. After a few moments the door opened up and Tyrone stepped out first wearing only his boxer shorts followed by a fully nude Dawn with frazzled hair and flushed cheeks. Jen quickly pulled her hand away from her pussy hoping they didn't notice what she was doing and did her best to pretend that she had already fallen asleep. Tyrone kissed Dawn good night and headed off to the couch to rest up from his one on one session with his girl. Dawn grabbed her shirt that she had dropped on the floor earlier and finally put it on before slipping into bed with Jen. 

Jen pretended to rouse from her faux slumber. "Hey, girl." 

Dawn gave her a Cheshire cat like grin. "I hope we didn't make too much noise for you?"

"What? I was knocked out I didn't hear anything." Jen hoped that Dawn believed her little white lie. Jen was so disappointed. She hadn't had time to cum yet. Dawn quickly passed out into a peaceful slumber. Jen knew that she would not be able to fall asleep with the fire raging between her legs. She stealthily as she could slid out of bed and headed to the bathroom for some solo action. She sat on the toilet and the cold porcelain against her hot skin caused her to shiver a bit.

She slid off her shirt and slid down her panties so she could get down to business unencumbered. She rubbed her clit with one hand and with her free hand rubbed her little titties. She was replaying the events that had taken place in that very bathroom just moments prior. Imagining Dawn bent over the sink getting reamed by Tyrone's giant schlong. She couldn't get the image out of her head. Tyrone was a fine male specimen and Jen imagined what it might be like to be the one on the receiving end of his giant black piston. She was so close now, oh so very close. The moment finally arrived and she was overcome with the ferocity of her orgasm and she let out a little shriek as she reached her peak.

She took a moment to gather herself before putting her nightshirt back on and headed off to bed with Dawn. She completely forgot about her panties on Dawn's bathroom floor. She slipped into bed feeling satiated and grateful for the sweet release of orgasm.

Dawn rolled over to face her friend. "Are you alright? I thought I heard you scream."

"Um, yeah. I just stubbed my toe and boy did it hurt." Jennifer was glad all the lights were off so her friend could not see her blushing profusely.

"Oh. Ok. As long as you're alright." After a few moments the girls heard grunting and groaning coming from the living room.

"What's going on in there?" Jen asked.

"Oh, it's just Tyrone watching one of his porno tapes. He's probably jacking off out there. I told you that boy can go all fucking night. If you weren't here he and I would still be going at it fast and furious."

"I'm so sorry Dawn. If it weren't for me you would be having a whole hell of a lot more fun with Tyrone than with me in your bed."

"Girl don't even fret about it. I like having you here. It's been awhile since we have had a sleep over. Just get some sleep." Both girls said good night and drifted off sleep.

Jen stirred in her sleep sometime later because she felt something going on in the bed next to her. Someone had turned the lamp back on. She wasn't sure how long she had been out but her head still felt fuzzy from all the alcohol she had consumed earlier in the evening. She saw what looked to be Tyrone lying next to her in the bed mumbling something with his eyes closed but no Dawn. Where the hell was she? She looked farther down and saw Dawn naked once again going to town on Tyrone's cock with her mouth. Slurp. Suck. Slurp.

Oh my God. What the hell was happening? Was she dreaming? This could not be happening. Jen was sitting up in bed staring in disbelief at the live sex show going on in the bed next to her. 

"That's it baby suck my dick!" Dawn plopped his dick out of her mouth. "Pipe down idiot you're going to wake Jen up." 

"Man I don't care just keep sucking my dick already!" Dawn looked up and noticed Jen staring. She just laughed. 

"Sorry hon we didn't mean to wake you. We can go to the other room." Tyrone was in a frenzied state at this point he grabbed the back of Dawn's head and shoved it back down on his dick. He kept his hands on the back of her head and began bucking his hips and literally began to fuck her face. Dawn had no choice but to keep on sucking because Tyrone was determined to finish and he would not be denied. Jen was turned on beyond all reason at this point. Why couldn't her love life be this exciting and passionate? Tyrone kept one hand on the back of Dawn's head and with his free hand he reached behind Jen's head and pulled her in for a kiss. 

Jen didn't have time to process what was happening until Tyrone had his tongue deep in her mouth. She kissed him back just as passionately as he was kissing her. He released her and she looked into his eyes and smiled. She sat back up and removed her shirt. Shit is about to get real. She goes back to kissing Tyrone frenziedly and allows her hands to roam freely all over his muscular arms; chest and abs. Dawn kept sucking away at her man unaware of what was happening up top. Tyrone wrapped his arms around Jen and held her close as they continued kissing.

Jen's boyfriend had begged her for a threesome many a time and Jen was always disgusted and disturbed by the fact that she didn't seem to be enough to keep her man satisfied. She had never found the idea of a threesome appealing. Especially since she was not into girls herself. Her friend Dawn had made out with girls on occasion at the clubs when she has had one too many but as far as she knew she had never dabbled beyond that. Jen could not believe that this was actually happening. Dawn finally came up for air and saw her best friend and her man locked in a passionate embrace. 

"Well, you two seem to be getting chummy." Dawn said with a devilish grin.

Jen snapped back to reality. "Dawn, I am so sorry. I..."

"It's okay. I should be apologizing to you for disturbing you. I told you that his sex drive is something else. He can never seem to get enough. Maybe between the two of us we can finally quench his thirst so to speak. He has been begging me for a threesome for some time now and it looks like tonight he is going to get his wish."

"Are you sure you're okay with this? I love you and wouldn't want anything to come between our friendship." Jen told her friend.

"It's okay honey. I love you too. We're best friends and friends should share and share alike am I right?"

Tyrone could not believe his good fortune. "Yeah, Jen. We're all friends here. Dawn has been wanting me to get to know her friends better. No time like the present."

"As you can see he likes a good dick sucking. Come on it's your turn." Jen wasn't sure about this. He is so big. Far bigger than any man she had ever been with. Tyrone noticed her concern and attempted to allay her fears. She didn't care her to suck her own boyfriend's medium sized dick but this...This was a whole different animal altogether.

"It will be fine. Just try it and let Dawn show you how it's done." He kissed her again and then he flashed her his winning smile that he used whenever he tried talking Dawn into something she wasn't sure about. 

That smile caused her to melt. Goddamn he was so handsome. She could totally see why Dawn fell head over heels in love with him. She kissed him again and then she kissed and licked her way down his muscular chest and abs until her head was next Dawn's over his large dick.

She sucked the head slowly at first trying to get a feel for it. She did this for about a minute or so before he could no longer take it. He pushed down on the back of her head with his hands and shoved as much of his cock down her throat as he could before she began gagging on his girth and length.

"Hey! Take it easy asshole! She is not use to your size like I am." Dawn chided him.

"Sorry, babe." Tyrone said sheepishly.

"You don't have to go through with this if you don't want honey." Dawn said to her friend.

"It's okay, Dawn. He was just being a bit over zealous. I wouldn't want to deprive Tyrone of his fantasy. What kind of guest would I be if I didn't make every attempt to repay the generosity of my gracious hosts?" With that Jen went back to dutifully sucking Tyrone off. Dawn looked up at Tyrone and blew him a kiss and mouthed I love you. Dawn brushed the hair away from Jen's face and offred her words of encouragement. 
