 All characters are over eighteen. All people and places are fictional.

*****

"Are you fucking my daughter?" Summer's father Jim said through my screen door. His voice was quiet, but I could tell he was fuming inside.

"Jim, what are you doing?" Summer's mother Barb said as she hustled across the lawn. "Don't do this."

She took his arm and pulled him away, but not before he shook his head at me with disappointment in his misty eyes. Luckily he was the mild mannered type, not a fighter or a gun guy, but the experience deflated me and made me feel like a huge ass. I didn't know what to expect next, but Summer knocking at my door cleared that up.

"They kicked me out," she said. "Dad did. Mom's a mess."

"Fuck Summer. I told you this shit was gonna happen."

"I know, but they can't expect me to be a virgin forever."

"I don't think they do," I said. "A boy your own age and a normal sex life is something they could get used to."

"All through high school I wanted to be a slut. I finally figured it out, I fuckin' love it, and everybody want's me to stop? Fuck that shit. I am who I fuckin' am. Isn't that a good way to live?"

"Summer what am I gonna do with you?"

"Let me stay here I hope."

"No fuckin' way! Right next door to your parents? With me? No way Summer, I can't do that. I love you sweetheart, but I can't do that."

"Fuck," she said dejectedly. "I'll see if I can stay at Marcy's I guess."

"Call me and let me know what's happening, all right?" I said as Summer walked away.

———————

Summer stayed at Marcy's parent's house for a week, but Marcy's mom caught them having sex and said she'd have to leave. It blew up into a big fight and Marcy got kicked out too. I reluctantly let them both stay with me, but it was incredibly awkward being right next door to Summer's mom and dad, and something had to give.

I finally decided to help them financially, on a temporary basis, so they could get the apartment they wanted. They both laughed about the 'sugar daddy' thing, but I found it uncomfortable. It was what it was though, and the benefits were addicting. Sex with two eighteen-year-old hotties whenever I wanted—it was a lonely fifty-year-old man's dream come true.

I tried to keep my life on an even keel, working my boring job and keeping up my house. I didn't want the whole situation to go to my head, because I knew it had to end sooner or later. On a day when I was doing house maintenance, trying to keep things normal, Summer's mother Barb walked over, and we found ourselves sitting at my picnic table in the backyard.

"I don't blame you you know," she said. "Jim does, but I don't. I'm actually glad she didn't fall in with a sleaze-bag bad boy type. She used to look at those guys and I always worried about that."

"Thanks Barb, but I gotta say I feel like a sleaze-bag sometimes when I think about the whole situation. I didn't plan it you know. I didn't pursue her."

"I know. She's got a strong sexual will. I used to have one too, and I was kind of waiting for it to find its way out of her. I could tell it was there—she's so much like me when I was her age. There's a lot I don't like about what's happening, but it's a relief to see she has good taste in men," Barb said, with a little smirk just like Summer's. "I'm not thrilled with all the sex that I'm sure is going on, but I wanted to thank you for sticking with them and helping them. I can tell when I talk to Summer, that you're giving her good advice. Jim and I really want her to stick with school and get in a good college. We're still behind her in every way for that, and anything you can do to guide her that way we really appreciate."

"Oh okay, that's good to know. I'm glad to hear that. Yeah, I'll do what I can to point her that way, absolutely."

"You know when I was her age I had a wicked crush on a man in my neighborhood. He was about your age," Barb said with that smirk again. "He never would fuck me, but I did my damnedest. I snuck in his back door one day when he was mowing his lawn, left a trail of clothes through his house and climbed into his bed naked. He kicked me out, although I could tell he didn't want to. We had a nice relationship after that—he helped me with some college stuff."

"I wish I'd had that kind of will power," I said.

"He should have fucked me that day in his bed," Barb said. "God I wanted it so bad. Things are different these days, I know that. Sex is way more open and freer. I'd give anything to be a young girl now."

"Barb, you're not even forty yet are you? Your time's hardly up."

"Ha! Says the single guy with the hot young girlfriend! My time's been up for ten years or more, sad to say. Jim's turned into a conservative...well, let's just say I'm glad I can at least live vicariously through my promiscuous daughter," she said, her dark eyes locking onto mine and twinkling as her mind worked.

"There's lots of way to spice things up you know," I said, suddenly wishing I hadn't said it.

"Such as?" she said. "Have an affair you mean?"

"That's never a good thing, unless you're both in on it."

"Whaddya mean, like...couple swapping? Jesus Alan, Jim would never go for that kinda thing. That's funny!" she laughed, and her eyes zeroed in on mine, with that smirk again. "Why do I get the feeling you know something about it?"

It's funny, I had never been attracted to Barb before, but sitting at that table, right where my relationship with Summer blossomed, she suddenly seemed attractive as hell. It became crystal clear where Summer's sexiness came from, and her beauty. It was not good, a revelation like that. Not good at all.

"I uh...no, I...uh..." I stammered.

"Good lord!" Barb laughed, and then her face changed as she looked at me, like she had just had the same revelation I had. 

Only bad things could come from what was happening between us, so I broke it off.

"I really need to finish cleaning these gutters Barb," I said as I stood up.

"Oh sure, yeah," she said, and she got up too. "I'm glad we're on the same page, about Summer I mean."

"Me too Barb. I'll keep pushing school as best I can."

"Keep me in the loop, okay?" she said. "About Summer, or, whatever."

Barb smiled a shy smile and walked away. I didn't move a muscle as I watched her, her ass wiggling deliciously as she walked across the lawn and into her house.

"Oh fuck," I said to myself.

———————

"Why are you looking at me like that?" Summer said.

I was sitting on her bed, watching her get undressed, amazed at the similarities to her mother that I was seeing for the first time.

"Huh? Oh...I dunno...you're just beautiful, that's all."

I took off my clothes and we snuggled on the bed like a couple who'd been together forever.

"I know you like it here, but do you ever miss living at home?" I asked.

"Yeah. I mean I love my parents. I miss them. My mom's a good cook too. I don't miss them fighting though."

"They fight?"

"Yeah. Not like loud and physical, but...just tense, you know? More than it should be. The more I think about it I think my mom needs to get fucked. Someone who really knows how to give it to her. I should hire her a hunky male prostitute or something. That'd be a great birthday present for her," Summer laughed.

"Or take her to Swingtime with us," I said, and once again I wished I hadn't said it as soon as it left my lips.

"Ha! Wouldn't that be something...oh my God! Can you imagine? Well you probably can, because she's not your mother. Yeah, you probably can, can't you! You son-of-a-bitch!" Summer said with a growing surprised smile on her face. "Are you into the Mother/daughter thing you dirty old man? Two teenagers aren't enough for ya! Huh, you dirty old fucker?"

Summer was laughing as she rolled on top of me, and she kissed me hard. My cock was up and running and she reached back and guided me into her sweet pussy. My perverted mind immediately wondered if it would feel the same sliding into Barb.

"Damn, you are hard tonight! I think you are a pervert," Summer said, reading my mind impeccably. "Holy fuck you're deep!...Damn!...Oh Yeah!"

She rose up and rode me like a cowgirl, her small nipples as hard as pebbles. I had never seen Barb with her eyes closed and her mouth open as Summer was at that moment, but I could picture her riding me nonetheless. Her first good fuck in ten years, and I was giving it to her. I thrusted so quickly and so powerfully up into Summer she just about levitated, screaming a cry of love that thrilled me as we both came simultaneously and melted into a warm pile of flesh.

"Fuck! What got into you tonight?" Summer said breathlessly.

"Did I ever tell you how sexy you are?" I whispered in her ear.

———————

The weekend rolled around and there was another dance scheduled at Swingtime. I had spoken to Randy on the phone, and mailed him a check to cover our first years dues. I explained the situation with the girls, and he assured me I could continue on my own if the girls and I had a parting of the ways. John and Mindy had put in a good word for me, and voted us in.

The girls dressed in their finest 'fuck me' clothes, and Marcy had touched up her dark-blue hair with extra violet blue accents. I must confess to doing a little shopping myself—I wore pants that were tighter than my usual, and a shirt with a little bit of a shine to it that Summer helped me pick out. She said I looked hot, but I'm sure she was exaggerating.

Marcy was amazed at Randy's house when we pulled up, and I could feel her electric excitement as we walked in and climbed the big staircase. We walked past two bedrooms with open doors, and her eyes were big as the sounds of sex filtered out to us. Randy greeted us in the big party room, kissing the girls on their cheeks.

"My goodness, what a wonderful addition to this place you three are," he said. "You're not on the mailing list yet Alan, so you're probably not aware, we sometimes have special themes for the night and tonight's is something we call 'exhibition's at eleven'. In about three hours or so, around eleven o'clock, we open up the dance floor bed to anybody who wants to use it," he said, pointing at a flat, bed-sized white leather lounge separating the bar area from the dance floor. "It's actually there all the time, and gets a bit of use, but people seem to like the show aspect of it when we put a time on it so they can be here to watch. So feel free to partake in that in any way you wish, or just have fun on your own. John and Mindy tell me you two are quite good at that," he said with a smile. "I hope you enjoy yourself Marcy. I'll be around if you have any questions."

The cute topless bartender was at work again, setting us up with a whiskey and water and two 7-ups. It wasn't long before my hot little companions were on the dance floor with two men.

"It looks like our husbands have stolen your women," a nice looking woman said as she walked up to me. Another nice looking woman was with her. "I'm Nancy, this is Stephie."

"I'm Alan. It's nice to meet you both."

"We're dying to know the story," Stephie said. "Those girls you're with. They're quite wonderful, but so young. We've never had any members that young before. You're causing quite a stir amongst the men."

"And some of the women too," Nancy said with smile and a wink.

"The story huh? I might need another drink before I want to admit it."

"Misty, can we get three more please," Nancy said to the bartender.

"I guess this isn't a place to be timid, is it," I said and I downed what was left of my drink. "The brunette, Summer, is literally the girl next door, although she doesn't live there anymore. Marcy is her best friend."

"The neighbor's daughter? Wow. Do they know?" Stephie asked.

"They know we're together, yeah. Marcy's parents don't know about me, as far as I know. And nobody knows we're coming here. Summer sort of forced my hand on this place, but I'm kinda glad she did."

"Really!" Nancy said. "So Summer had the desire to come here? That's interesting. When I was her age I didn't have a clue about anything like this, but times have changed I guess."

"Yeah, I was just talking to Summer's mother about how different kids are about sex these days."

"Don't tell me you're involved with the mother too!" Nancy said.

"No, not really, no."

"But you wanna be, don't you? I know that look," Nancy said. "My, I had no idea you'd be as interesting as your girls."

"Do me a favor and don't say anything about her mother to Summer. She hasn't figured that out yet, and nothing's gonna happen anyway."

"My my, secrets already," Stephie said, smiling and shaking her head. "You are a fascinating man."

"I don't know if we can keep your secret," Nancy said. "You might have to do some favors for us."

"Big favors," Stephie said. "Not only do you want us to keep your secret, but you're also corrupting our husbands with teenaged treats. I think you need to do everything we ask you to do tonight, and then we'll call it even. Does that sound fair Nancy?"

"That sounds like a deal I can get behind," she said. "How about you Alan?"

"More than fair," I smiled. "As long as I can get behind both of you."

"It's a deal then," Nancy said, and we all shook hands. "We're very serious about our deals around here."

Something about the way she said that made me nervous, but it passed quickly when they dragged me onto the dance floor. Summer and Marcy were down to their bras, panties, garter belts, stockings and high heels, and they were surrounded by four smiling, dancing men. Two women, who I think went with two of the men, were dancing by themselves, fully clothed but grinding on each other and kissing.

"I've always wanted to dance with a naked man, haven't you Steph?" Nancy yelled over the loud, pulsing music.

Stephie nodded and smiled, and I got a sinking feeling I was in for a night to remember.

"Alan?" Nancy said, raising her eyebrows for emphasis.

I stopped dancing, smiled and shook my head before heading to the bar. I downed my drink in one gulp and walked to the couch where the girl's clothes were and started stripping. Nancy and Stephie had big smiles on their faces as they danced and watched me. To say I felt like a bit of a fool as I rejoined them would be an understatement.

"Alan, what the fuck!" Summer said as I walked by completely naked.

"Let's just say I lost a bet," I said as I passed.

"Don't tell me you've been making deals with my wife," one of the men said with a laugh. "No good can come of that my man."

After my evil deal-makers got their fill of dancing with me while fully clothed in their dresses, they slipped them off and tossed them on the pile. Nancy, a striking beauty with short auburn hair, was the older of the two, probably in her mid-fifties. She was decked out in high heels, thigh-high stockings, lacy panties and a matching bra. 

Stephie was the more 'earthy' of the two, an aging hippie type with long, frizzy blonde hair. She was probably a few years younger than Nancy. The taller of the two, she was in flat sandals and nothing but cute little pink panties. Her tits were quite astonishing considering her age, big and jiggly, with eye popping nipples. Unfortunately they made something else 'pop' too, and I found myself dancing naked with a hard-on for the first time in my life.

"Nice!" Nancy said with a smile. "I like growers."

As we danced Summer made her way over to me.

"Alan, what the fuck!" she said when she noticed my erection, and she laughed so hard she had to stop dancing. "Are you gonna be all right? We're gonna go party with these guys."

"Am I gonna be all right? I'm supposed to be keeping an eye on you."

"Don't worry, they're good guys," Nancy said to me. "They'll look after them."

Nancy danced over to her husband and said something in his ear. She came back with a little blue pill and handed it to me.

"Do I look like I need this," I said, looking down at my mostly hard cock flopping to the beat.

"Take it," she said, with that raised eyebrow look again.

"Can you get me a drink?" I said. "I don't think I wanna walk over to that cute bartender like this."

"Oh thanks Alan, yeah, we'll have another round," the evil Nancy said.

I shook my head and smiled in defeat.

"I made a deal with two evil women," I said to the smiling bartender as I approached.

"Looks like you're happy about it," she joked, glancing at my cock as she took my order.

"I'll tip you later okay? I seem to have left my pockets somewhere," I said as I picked up the three drinks.

Nancy was topless when I got back, and her tits were wonderful too. I seem to have hit the jackpot with the women at Swingtime—they were nothing like the trailer-trash beer-bellies I had pictured at a 'swingers' club. I guess a thousand dollars a year kept out the riffraff.

"We need to get you hard again baby," Nancy said. "Did you take that pill?"

"I did."

"Good," she said, and she proceeded to rub my cock while I handed out the drinks. She held hers up and made a toast. "Here's to the best night ever. You ready for that sweetheart? The best night ever?"

My cock responded and she went down on me, sucking me in deep in one fell swoop. Stephie kissed me, and we were off to the races. It was a deep, tongue swirling kiss that tasted like her margarita, straight up, with no salt.

There were others on the dance floor at that point, all new faces that I hadn't seen before, and it felt ridiculously hot and arousing to be naked in the middle of them, with two sexy women all over me. I almost came in Nancy's mouth, but she pinched me off and shook her head. Oh what exquisite torture this night was going to be.

"Keep an eye on him," Nancy said as she rose to her feet.

She wandered off through the sizable crowd in the bar area and Stephie wrapped her arms around me, the two of us dancing as one with my hard cock between her thighs and her big tits jiggling against my chest.

Nancy came back, stopping to talk to a few women on her way, with a pair of fur-lined handcuffs.

"Drink up big boy. You're not gonna have use of your arms for a while," she said.

"Nancy, what do you have in mind?" I asked, with a trace of concern in my voice.

"Don't ask questions. Drink up, and put your arms behind your back."

"Oh fuck," I said.

I said 'oh fuck', but I was as excited as I've ever been. To be naked and handcuffed in a roomful of strangers was not something I ever fantasized about, and not something I ever dreamed I would enjoy, but after I downed my drink and Nancy clicked the cuffs closed behind me, my cock was as hard as it had been all night.

Stephie's hand went to it, and she kissed me again while she stroked it. I moaned into her mouth as her touch, the smell of her perfume and the loud music swept me away.

They maneuvered me into the very center of the dance floor, with colored lights flashing on me.

"Gather round girls," Nancy yelled over the music. "Our handsome new man is aching to be sucked."

She had no sooner finished saying it when a sweet little red-head I had noticed earlier was in front of me. She licked my chest and sucked my nipples as her hands played with my cock. After a sexy glance into my eyes she descended and slipped me into her warm mouth.

"Don't you dare cum, or you'll be in even bigger trouble," Nancy said.

"I'm supposed to be able to control it?" I said.

It wasn't easy to speak coherently, with the red-head doing me the way she was. My knees were getting weak and Nancy sensed it, so she signaled my new favorite blow-job artist to move on.

Another woman, a heavy-set but pretty blonde took her place. There was just enough down time between women to take the edge off, but I had a feeling I was going to be in 'even bigger trouble' before I got off the dance floor.
