 Sunday we took a long drive down through the Southerntier. I had selected a white bodysuit for her to wear along with a short wrap skirt that was easily removed (and was rarely on). The bodysuit molded itself to her contours quite nicely displaying her shape well and doing very little to conceal the form of her nipples. The legs were high cut and the snugness of the fit between her legs produced a very nice cameltoe. 

At one point in our travels, I stopped the car and had her get out, then drove ahead for a ways, having instructed her to walk to where I parked. Several cars passed by as she strutted along the side of the road.

She might as well have been wearing nothing but paint and it was intoxicatingly sexy. 

Eventually we found a quiet place to pull off, hiked up a low hill and both stripped naked to fuck in the wide open at the crest. She got on all fours and I entered her from behind. This time I managed to hold my own for quite some time as I pounded in and out of her juicy quim but as soon as she spasmed and whimpered, I was ready to explode. I managed to hold on long enough to get my dick out of her pussy and into her mouth before the white stuff gushed out. She swallowed and said "Thank you." We walked back to the car with her naked and drove for quite a ways before I suggested she get dressed again.

That week we went to the beach every day at lunchtime and each time I had another tiny thong for her to wear. On Tuesday evening I took her to a place on West Avenue where a foxy little blonde pierced her nipples. It was really quite surprising how quickly she did it and how little fuss was involved. After being fitted with a pair of little barbell shaped "retainers", C checked herself out in a tall mirror. She had worn a gauzy broomstick dress which got removed during the procedure, so was standing there in nothing but a pair of silky red panties. There were a half dozen other people in the shop and she made certain that everyone got a good glimpse. What a true little exhibitionist she had developed into. 

Friday we skipped the beach but I had a package delivered to her at lunchtime with the usual instructions about wearing it that evening and told her that I'd be picking her up around ten. When I arrived, she was wearing the sexy black teddy along with heels and had done her hair up. I wanted to take her right then and there, but I'd made other plans for the evening. "Grab a skirt to wear with that." I instructed. She disappeared then returned with a short purple number that I'd not seen before. I smiled approvingly so she slipped it on and zipped it up. 

Driving south and then eastward, we headed through the burbs and into a more rural area with pockets of new subdivisions popping up. Turning down one of these roads, we soon came to a cul-de-sac and pulled into the driveway of a simple two story colonial. A few lights were on in the house. 

'Take the skirt off now."

C unzipped the side and slid it down her thighs and off her feet. I opened the car door, walked around and opened her side. She stepped out into the moonlight wearing only the teddy and heels looking glamorous and oh so desirable. Clickiety clicketty we walked to the front door and rang the bell. As we waited for an answer she whispered "Will I get to fuck you tonight or will I be servicing someone else again?" I just smiled and said "We'll see. Maybe you won't get fucked at all tonight." She gave me a big pout.

The door was opened by a svelte blonde of almost identical height and build as C. Her hair was very short and she was wearing a red silk minirobe with dragons embroidered all over in black and gold. 

"Come in," her eyes roaming all over C "I'm Abby. You look scrumptious my dear." We introduced ourselves and Abby showed us through to the back room den where C met Michael, a middle aged professional type of medium build who was balding but obviously quite fit in his shorts and T. He and I had known each other for quite some time and had shared a number of women, including Abby on a couple occasions. Michael immediately gave C a kiss and hug, then stood with his arm around her waist as he asked whether we'd had any trouble finding the place. He kissed her again and copped a feel of her scantily clad asscheeks before offering us drinks.

Michael mixed and Abby delivered, first mine and then C's. She hovered next to C and while Michael and I discussed a recent business triumph of his that had been in the paper, they chatted about shoes and C's teddy, hair salons, and other girls stuff. Abby asked what scent C was wearing and when C said "Fendi" she leaned right in to touch her nose to C's neck, ever so slightly pressing her body against C's. It was ever so brief, but after, Abby hovered even closer to C than she had been.

Before long, we had all finished our first round of drinks and Michael prepared another long island for each of the girls and martinis for he and I. As he handed Abby hers, he kissed her and fondled a breast through the silk robe, then reached down and loosened the sash which held it closed. This allowed him the opportunity to slip a hand inside for more direct contact with her tit. He left her with the robe dangling tantalizingly open, revealing the center of her chest but not her nipples. It also clearly exhibited that she was wearing sheer red panties.

Abby knew I was looking at her and decided to give me what I really wanted right then, a clear view of her sweet C-cups. To my delight, the robe came off. It turned out that the panties were sheer front and back, barely a wisp on her. She played coy and used C as a shield so that Michael and I couldn't see, in the process again pressing her now nearly naked body against the back of C. 

C giggled at the silliness and played along acting as the human shield. We all laughed and Abby reached around the front of C to offer her a sip of her drink saying something about a four fisted drinker. After disengaging herself she stood in front of C raising her now half empty martini glass and offered a toast "To tits!"

and we all laughed some more before she tossed the rest of the drink back. C decided to follow suit and the two of them eyed us expecting similar behavior. Michael and I looked at each other, rolled our eyes and each took another sip of our nearly full glasses. Its a lot easier to toss back a long island than martini.

Abby at that point sidled over to C and again pressed herself against C's back, but this time not to hide. Her hands wandered around C's waist, down her thighs and back upward, cupping her black satin clad breasts for a moment. C looked at me with a somewhat surprised expression, but the effects of the alcohol and Abby's forthright sensuality were gaining the upper hand. Abby's hands were on C's shoulders, sliding the straps of the teddy down, down her arms, revealing C's recently pierced breasts with the little dumbells firmly in place. Continuing to peel the teddy downward she spun C around so they were facing one another tits rubbing. When she could peal it no further because of reach, she sank to a squat and peeled it all the way to the floor, holding it while C stepped out of it. 

Running her hands along C's calves, up her thighs, and then cupping her asscheeks, Abby's face wound up right at C's crotch level. She studied the slit there intently, then gently placed a kiss right above it. C's mouth was part open as she watched Abby stick her tongue out and explore the top of the slit where she could reach before prying C's legs apart enough that she gain access to the entirety of her sex. 

All that Michael and I could see was Abby's face firmly planted at C's crotch, the expression on C's face, and the way in which her chest heaved as Abby lapped at her, firmly holding C's asscheeks all the while. Little by little C's look of astonishment gave way to one of complete bliss. Abby spread C's legs wider and inserted first one and then a second finger into her pussy as she continued to lap at her clit. C's hands alternated between holding Abby's head and fondling her own breasts before she locked both hands behind her neck as she shuddered and bucked to a spectacular climax.

Her knees seemed wobbly. Abby rose and embraced her, mashing their bodies together and locked their lips together. C just wrapped her arms around Abby and held her tightly. 

Abby loosened her grip and steered them both toward a sofa where she sat down, pulled her panties off and spread her legs wide to display her now glistening cunt which sported a mere wisp of pale brown fur. C removed her shoes, took a deep breath and knelt between Abby's legs. Gently she kissed the wet labia that beckoned to her, then licked them, kissed them some more and explored a little with her fingertips. One finger entered Abby, at first just s bit, then more and more. She removed it and tasted Abby's inner juices. Finally, she planted her face firmly between Abby's legs and began attending to her love button.

Michael and I watched entranced as C experienced sex with another woman for the very first time. Abby smiled in deep contentment and licked her lips. Her hands guided C's head, stroking her hair. She offered encouragement with comments like "Yes baby, yes" and groans and moans.

C's ass was poised up in the air with her swollen clam proudly on display and absolutely dripping wet. I stripped and positioned myself behind her, aiming my cuntdrill at it and then jammed it in. Straddling her I began a slow rhythmic fucking, trying not to be too forceful that it would disturb or distract her from the attention she was giving Abby's twat. Michael stripped too and positioned himself so that he could facefuck Abby at the same time. We went on and on and on like that, everyone enjoying the sensations and sights.

Abby came first. She suddenly released her jawclamp on Michael's member and let out a gurgling little scream of pure pleasure. C's head popped up and Abby's thighs clamped shut with C's head resting on her knees. She held herself and squirmed in her own private little ecstasy with her eyes shut tight. It was too much for C and she bucked wildly coming a second time. I pulled out and reached C's face just in time to join Michael as we both emptied the contents of our balls all over it.

We all collapsed for a bit before Abby took a look at C and said "Cmon honey, lets get you cleaned up." But rather than head her for the bathroom, she proceeded to kiss and lick every last drop of manjuice from her face, being certain to share some of it with C via deep prolonged kisses. When the girls were done polishing off all the semen, the four of us shared a shower then climbed into their king sized bed where during the middle of the night Michael had a turn with C and I with Abby, fucking them both doggystyle while they faced each other and sucked face. This time we painted Abby's face and let C do the cleanup detail.

We climbed back in the car at dawn, C wrapped in a blanket and caught a beautiful sunrise.