 Ah, Summer. I have always liked Summer. Summer, with it's warm weather offers us the opportunity to bring friends together and enjoy the season, good food, and of course beer. My wife Jessica is originally from the south, so she has the whole "Southern Hospitality" thing that causes her to want to entertain guests and more importantly feed them. My name is Dave and being from the desert means I feel at home in the heat. During the Summer we often have BBQs (actual slow cooked BBQ, not grilling) and invite as many people as we can to enjoy the tender meat and endless side dishes along with frosty beverages.

Before we get too far in, I should probably mention that Jessica is about average for what you can expect out of a mom of 2. Jessica is a petite 5'4" beauty with long brown hair, 36B tits, and shaves that wonderful pussy of hers that I (and others) just love. Yes, I said "others" since we are in the "lifestyle." I am a stocky 5'8", 180lbs of muscle and an average 7" cock.

Now, most of our friends that show up to the BBQs we host are of the vanilla variety, but some of them we've met at clubs or have shared their "lifestyle" secret with us. The real interesting thing about the BBQs is what can happen after the vanilla people trickle out.

I had been cooking for almost 24 hours before the food was finally ready, which meant of course that I was tired. To ease my suffering had been a steady stream of beer and rum and cokes while everyone ate, socialized and then slowly started trickling out around 11pm. We weren't wearing anything special, I in my tank top and shorts, Jessica in a halter top that tied behind her neck and a pair of Capris. What can I say, we like to be comfortable.

Around 11:30pm the only person left was an old friend of Jessica's from a previous job she had. John was a tall man, 6'1" and a built 200lbs. John was wearing just a normal black t-shirt and denim shorts. Jessica had told me before that she had seen his 9" thick shaft at an office party once. John had just finished with one of the secretaries and was leaving an office with her flushed body still lying limp on the desk and he was naked as a jay bird. Jessica knew instantly that she had to eventually have that wonderful cock deep inside her.

We had all been drinking and being of the swinger persuasion, we figured it would be a great idea to toss on a porn. Not one of those low budget deals, but a "high budget" porn comedy. As things would have it, blood started flowing, laughing made everyone a bit loose, and the alcohol was really easing the mood. With John sitting down on the couch on Jessica's right side, and myself on her left, I finally figured I would see if I could finally give Jessica what she really wanted.

While the porn was still playing, I started massaging my wife's shoulder and then running my hand down her side and caressed her thigh. Jessica started to close her eyes and let out slight moans of enjoyment. I knew this was going to be an interesting night.

As I continued to caress my wife lightly I could tell that John was starting to feel a little lost. John was obviously turned on by the porn, the alcohol, and the blatant affection I was showing my wife. John did his best to hide his semi-hard erection in his shorts and almost started to move away from Jessica. Jessica knew what she wanted and grabbed his hand before he could move away. She slowly started moving his hand along her thigh, mimicking what I was doing to her other side. Now it was time to see where it would really go.

"OK honey, I'm going to go out to the porch and smoke real quick, I'll be back in a few minutes."

"OK sweetie!" She replied. She knew what was going to happen and it gave John a little breathing room to make a move.

From the back porch I could peek in to the living room and see the two of them on the sectional couch. Jessica took her right hand and slowly started to rake her fingers over John's right thigh. She touched him lightly at first, then opened her hand and started rubbing John's thigh harder. I could see John's expression and it was a mix of desire and confusion. Here my wife was obviously trying to arouse him and I had said nothing, even leaving her to advance her attentions.

I guess he finally got the hint and either the alcohol or his pure desire to plow my wife took over. John took his left arm, and put it around the shoulders of my wife and pulled her closer. John slowly slipped his left hand under Jessica's halter top and found that she wasn't wearing a bra. Through the glass of the window I could see his left arm around her shoulders and the finger on his left hand slowly start to play with my wife's left nipple. Instantly, I could see both eraser sized nipples at full attention. While I could not hear my wife, I could see her eyes close and her lips part in a sigh as she moved her right hand over a few inches and start massaging John's cock through his shorts.

I had finished my cigarette and while I enjoyed the show, I figured it was time to get things going. I made my way back inside and John was startled. John started to remove his hand from my wife's tit but she reacted instantly and reached up with her left hand to trap his hand where it was. I settled in on my wife's left side on the couch and we both turned to each other and kissed deeply. Jessica let John's hand go and he moved his arm from around her shoulders and instantly slipped his right hand under her halter top on her right side. I took my left hand, reached across my body and started massaging her left tit through her top. I slowly slipped my hand down, John mirrored my actions until we were both caressing her thighs. Jessica leaned over to kiss John as I moved my hand back up to grab her left tit and started sucking on her exposed neck.

"Dave," Jessica said in a nonchalant voice. "I think it's time for me to slip in to something more comfortable." Who was I to disagree.

This may sound odd but John and I simply got up, refilled our drinks, and then sat back on the couch with the space for one person left between us. Not a word was spoken but by this point everyone knew what was going to happen.

Jessica came down stairs in a shear turquoise chemise and matching thong. John and I were both instantly at attention. Jessica sat down between us and focused on the porn while reaching out to both of us and placing her hands on our cocks through our shorts. Instantly we started to attack her. I started by aggressively grabbing her left tit, twisting her nipple and planting a deep kiss on her lips. Jessica slightly parted her legs to allow John to start to caress her bald mound through her panties. John then reached up and pulled the strap off her right shoulder and allowed her right tit to fall out, and into his waiting mouth.

Jessica groaned with delight and shook her hair out as she enjoyed two men ministering to her desires. Jessica bit her lip as I ran my fingers down her thigh and John, taking the cue, pulled her panties aside and started to slowly caress her pussy lips.

"Oh! God!" she moaned as we continued to caress and fondle her.

"Enough of this crap!" I said as I started to pull the chemise over her head. John immediately sat back and pulled his shirt off as I took the top off of my wife. John then went one step further and unzipped his shorts and pulled them down to mid thigh. John's 9" cock stood out impressively and he started to use his left hand to stroke himself as he used his right hand to once again pull aside my wife's panties. This time he was not content to simply play with her pussy lips, he had to push his fingers in to her soaking pussy. She welcomed his intrusion into her dripping hole, all the while using the palm of his hand to grind her clit, driving her into an even more animalistic fury.

"Well fuck, I'm overdressed!" I said as I stood up, grabbed my tank top and pulled it over my head. Not to be out done, I dropped my shorts and my boxers all in one go. My wife immediately reached out and grabbed my cock at the base, sat slightly forward and pulled my cock into her mouth. My wife really knows how to suck a cock, so I just tossed my head back and enjoyed feeling my head slip past her lips and down her throat. Jessica started to piston my shaft in and out of her mouth while alternately cupping my balls and using her hand to rub the base of my shaft. Feeling my wife blowing me while another man had his fingers in her pussy was such a turn on. John finally bent down and took her right nipple in his mouth, slightly biting down on her nipple causing her to moan on my shaft. I was in heaven.

Jessica pulled the head of my cock out of her mouth with a little popping sound. "I don't think it's fair to leave John to simply stroke that beautiful cock of his." Jessica pushed me away lightly and stood up. Jessica pulled down her panties and turned around. I couldn't help myself but reach around her and grab her tits. "Now, now," she said "it's time to share!" With that she bent over at the waist and grabbed hold of John's shorts. "These are just in the way!" Even though John's cock was exposed, she pulled his shorts and boxers off of him and then immediately attacked his cock with her mouth. Jessica made no ceremony and took him to the hilt all in one go. John immediately tossed his head back and wrapped both hands in Jessica's hair at the base of her scalp and pulled her down even further. Jessica started to gag on the 9" shaft but held it back. To up the ante, I placed the head of my cock at my wife's pussy lips and pushed deep into her.

I started to slowly and rhythmically pound my wife's pussy in a standing doggy style while she took John's shaft in and out of her mouth. Jessica started to moan on John's shaft while I, grunting, pounded my wife's pussy with abandon. John, using his hands to move my wife's head up and down his shaft was making deep growling sounds. I couldn't help myself seeing my wife be so totally used and started spanking her ass cheeks.

"Oh god yes!" she moaned as she pulled away from John's shaft for a brief moment. Jessica came up for air again and screamed "Spank me harder! Make me your dirty little girl!" I could only respond with more grunts and an even more vigorous spanking as I plunged my cock in and out of my wife. "Yes, yes, YES!" she screamed as she pulled off of John's dick and started jacking him with her hand. "Fill your dirty wife with your cum baby!" she screamed. I felt my orgasm building.

"Oh fuck! Take it all!"

"Oh yes, fuck me, FUCK ME!" she yelled as she continued to jack off John.

My orgasm was here and with a mighty shout I blew my hot load all over the inside of my wife's pussy. "Oh yeah, oh yeah, here it is!" as I continued to coat the inside of her pussy with my cum.

"Oh fuck yes!" my wife screamed as she squirted all over my shaft and balls, dripping down our thighs and landing on the hardwood floor. My wife has always been a squirter and it has always driven me crazy. How can any man not love his woman exploding in her orgasm all over the place?

As our orgasms subsided, she looked over her shoulder and gave me a devilish smile. "Now that you've had some, it's time for John to keep me occupied while you recuperate. Let's go upstairs where we have more room."

"Lead the way" I said.

Jessica held out a hand to John and as he stood up, wrapped his arm around my wife's waist. He started guiding her up the stairs while she shot a sultry look over her shoulder at me as I followed them up to our bedroom. Some men like to say they can be instantly ready again and generally that's bullshit. Usually there is some amount of recovery time before we can get it up again. When we made it up to the bedroom, I took up a position along the wall. Without a word, Jessica grabbed John and pushed him onto our bed. Jessica then looked up at me with that gleam in her eye and climbed on top of John.

"John, how long have you wanted to fuck me?"

"From the moment I met you" he responded.

"Here's your chance, you'd better make good!"

John was lost in a haze as Jessica scooted down and took him in her mouth. She started moaning and John started to thrust up into her mouth.

"Oh god Jessica, you feel so fucking good!"

Jessica pulled his head out of her mouth "You haven't had anything yet!"

Jessica then scooted forward and reached down between her legs, grasping John's cock. "Where do you want this, in my pussy?"

"Oh god yes!"

"Then for fucks sake, will you fuck my pussy with this amazing cock of yours!"

Jessica then gently guided John's shaft into her soaking cum filled pussy with a very loud sigh. Then she slowly started to move her hips up and down on John's shaft trying to coax him to blow his load. Jessica was now moaning and groaning like some kind of animal set loose and my cock was growing to life the louder she got.

"Oh God! Oh fuck! Yes!" she screamed as she bounced hard up and down on John's shaft. Jessica then bent down to grind her tits on John's chest and started to kiss his neck. Her pink little ass hole was now in perfect position and I couldn't help myself. I quickly went to Jessica's underwear drawer and pulled out the bottle of lube she always had stashed there. I poured some out on my hand and liberally lubed my shaft. With Jessica still in the throws of ecstasy, I climbed up on the bed behind her and positioned myself to enter her ass. 

I slowly moved the head of my cock toward the most sacred of openings, and then Jessica moaned "Oh yes! Double fuck your dirty wife!" How could I resist? I gently pushed forward and felt the head of my cock slip past her sphincter. "Oh shit!" she screamed as I slowly worked my shaft further in to her ass. "Oh fuck me!" she yelled. John and I had all the encouragement we needed. We started to find a rhythm and then proceeded to pound Jessica's ass and pussy. "Oh god yes!" she almost growled.

John started to grunt as his orgasm built. "Oh fuck you are a dirty slut!" he shouted. That's all it took to start the chain reaction. Jessica started to squirt again, this time all over John as she rode him hard. She moaned louder and louder.

"Damn it, make me cum harder" as she squirted all over John. John tossed his head back and with a final series of grunts, filled my wife's pussy with his cum.

"Oh fuck yeah!" he shouted as he kept cumming and cumming. John had so much cum built up that not only did it splash on Jessica's cervix, but started to run out of Jessica's pulsating pussy and down John's shaft and balls, coating the inside of their thighs and mixing with her hot juices and the cum I had left before.

Now it was my turn. Feeling the spasm of Jessica's pussy walls through the thin membrane separating her ass from her pussy, as well as feeling John's shaft explode sent me over the edge. I grunted loudly as I sent a jet of cum deep into the bowels of my wife.

"God Damn!" I shouted as I felt my orgasm start to subside, but still pulsing in my wife's ass while her old friend was starting to pull out of her pussy.

I fell back on my heels as Jessica flopped off of John's sweaty body, staring at our ceiling. "Wow I can't believe it. That was an incredible fuck!" Neither John nor I could respond.

As quickly as it started, it was over. Without a word John got up, went downstairs, got dressed, and left. Jessica and I were too spent to do anything but pull up the covers over our naked, sweaty and cum covered bodies, turn the light off and pass out. As I drifted off to sleep I made a mental note to make sure John was invited to all of our BBQs.