 I love summer time. Especially the clothes.

Naomi was wearing those short shorts over her bikini. You know the type, the ones that would show off the color of her panties if she went for the full-bottom briefs. She even decided to forgo a shirt over her top. I'd pulled on a muscle shirt with my suit and we were off for a day at the beach.

We probably should have paid attention to those dark clouds on the horizon.

Naomi was hot as hell, the taut fabric of her bra stretched even tighter by the fact that she'd purposely bought a top a size too small. I had trouble tearing my eyes away from her erect nipples. Not that she didn't want me to notice.

We settled into the Bug and started our trip.

The sun beat down on the small car as warm breezes blew through the open windows. It wasn't a long trip to the sandy shores of our favorite beach.

It's not clothing-optional, but nobody else was around. So she untied her top and let her breasts free after we'd settled our towel on the sand. She passed me the suntan lotion and I started to work on her back. She wiggled a little when my hands got to the backs of her legs. She spread her thighs so I could treat the insides. When my fingers brushed the fabric covering her plump lips, she moaned. I pulled my hand away from the vee of her thighs and slathered more lotion on her calves and ankles. Then I returned my hand to her inner thighs.

Her labia felt plumper against my finger and I knew what she'd been imagining since I moved my hand away. I worked a finger into her bottoms and felt the moist meat of her vagina. She gasped as I found her distended clit. I pulled my finger out and gripped the sides of her suit before pulling it off of her, exposing her naked ass to the warm breeze of the beach.

Her legs opened as wide as they could as I shucked my own suit and mounted her from behind. The head of my dick dived down, bumping against her clit in rhythm with her return pumps. I drew back and pushed my meat into her, feeling the texture of her vaginal walls as I pushed into her depths.

She squeezed and I gasped, marveling at the feel of her. Her urgency increased my tempo and I lost my balance, my face falling into her hair. I inhaled deeply, smelling the cleanness of her before pushing myself up and driving into her depths. Her moisture clung to me. I could feel it, thick and sweet, on my rod, then dripping down onto my testicles. Her answering pumps told me the story of her approaching orgasm.

The strength of my own was overpowering and I increased my thrusting to a blinding pace. I dove into her depths and froze, the walls of her tight pussy grasping me like a familiar hand. Her cry was strangled as it tore from her throat, a wordless primal scream of pleasurable release.

At that moment, a hot joy as intense as pain tore through my loins and I could feel my seed shoot into her. The first spurt felt like a quart shot through a straw, all at once. Her answering moan might have been a grunt of pain. The intellectual part of me knew that she enjoyed the first time after her period for just this moment. She starved me during her monthly for just this reason.

The hot stab of almost-painful pleasure coated her insides. The second spurt was full, but less. The resulting shots were there, but not as powerful. She continued to grip me with her vagina as the spasms lessened, then stopped altogether. I started to soften and she released me from her grip.

I pulled out of her with a soft, sloppy sound and rolled over to lay on my back next to her on the gigantic towel. The sun had gone behind a cloud and we lay there on the beach, naked, her head pillowed on my shoulder, my semen dribbling out of her to pool on the towel.

I closed my eyes and enjoyed the feel of my woman against me.

The dribbles of rain were cold and I awoke with a start, and so did Naomi. Within seconds, the rain was coming down in sheets.

I looked around and spotted a small abandoned cabana that was far closer than the car. I pulled her to her feet and we left our towel and suits laying there as we sprinted through the rain to the small building.

It was cozy inside but dry. We laughed at our drenched state and our laughter turned to cuddling, then to kissing. I figured from my reaction that it had been long enough because my head was starting to twitch against her. She pushed me down onto the small bench and straddled me, drawing me into her still-slick pussy. I moaned into her shoulder as she began to ride me slowly.

I was really starting to enjoy the ride as the door to the cabana opened and another willowy figure slipped inside.

"Oh, sorry!" The accent was British and mixed into an intoxicating kind of turn-on. "I'll find somewhere else."

Naomi stood and turned to face the new arrival. "That's alright. There's nothing around for a ways. We can all wait it out here."

The British girl nodded, pushing her hair away from her face and finding my nakedness with her eyes. They widened at my excited state and she said softly, "I don't know that I'd want to leave something that nice."

My face reddened as the skinny English girl stared at my erection. But Naomi just grinned. "I didn't, but I didn't think it was polite to keep fucking him with company."

The English girl's laugh was delightful. And her voice got a little husky as she glanced at Naomi's nudity, taking in the obvious arousal displayed by her taut nipples. "By all means, don't let me stop you."

Naomi shrugged slightly and turned her back fully to me. "All right." She lowered herself backward and I caught her hips in my hands. We both enjoyed this position and I adjusted my ass a little closer to the front edge of the bench. She shifted around until we found the right angle and Naomi's wet opening engulfed my erection again, eliciting a sigh from her and a moan from me.

I got my first full view of the British girl as Naomi started to rock up and down, back and forth on my member. She had gotten topless on the beach, too, and left that top with her towel, I could assume. She had small breasts and extended pink nipples that stood out against her pale skin. She leaned back against the door of the cabana and pushed the light purple bottoms she wore down, the easier to access her snatch. She had a thin line of dark pubic hair that covered her slit. Her left hand began to work at her opening as her right pinched at one nipple.

Naomi reached out and grabbed her hips, pulling her close. My lover's lips found the other of the English girl's nipples, sucking it gently in rhythm with her hip motions. The girl gasped and Naomi increased her pace. I could feel Naomi's orgasm approaching and knew mine was still far off.

The girl started flailing her hips against what I quickly realized was Naomi's hand stroking her moist pussy. She cried out as Naomi's mouth came away from the nipple. Their cries almost rattled the building as both of them came.

Naomi didn't move, just settled there on top of me, her vaginal fluids dripping onto my testicles, while my erection continued to throb inside of her tight grip.

I was almost startled when I heard her voice. "What's your name, anyway?"

A giggle. Then, "Jeanine."

I could hear the grin in Naomi's voice and knew what was coming. "You know, Jeanine, my boyfriend Doug here is still hard. Apparently, I came too fast to get him off. Would you like to see if you could?"

There was a delicious moment of hesitation, then, "Sure. I'll take Doug out for a spin."

The two women shifted and my hands found Jeanine's narrow hips, her ass facing me. Her pussy was wet and I was quite slick, thanks to the bath Naomi's had given me. Still, it was a close run thing as Jeanine settled her weight on me and I felt her walls part for me.

She settled me all the way in and I heard a gasp catch at the back of her throat. To be honest, I'd never felt one that tight before and it took my breath away. Naomi's hand stroked Jeanine's clit and the small English woman started to ride me. I felt her vagina loosen as she rode me and Naomi teased her clit.

Jeanine started to shake and both of these beauties began to kiss. With a stark suddenness, my balls tightened and I knew what was to come next. Naomi pulled her mouth away from Jeanine's and Jeanine gasped a scream of strangled pleasure as my hot sperm fired into her. There was just as much and it was just as hot as the flood I'd poured into Naomi earlier. I held her ass tight against me as my seed flowed into her.

Exhaustion set in as I leaned back, my softening prick still inside of Jeanine. I closed my eyes as she lifted off of me, then settled back down on my lap, leaning her back against my chest. Her hair was strawberry-scented and I closed my eyes.

Her jostling brought me back to wakefulness. I looked over her shoulder and down between her legs. Naomi had squatted there and was eating her pussy with furious abandon. My sweet brought her face away from Jeanine's snatch long enough for me to note the presence of my semen dripping from her chin. Within minutes, Jeanine bucked against me, moaning deeply, as a powerful orgasm rippled through her.

Naomi stood before her before leaning down for a lingering kiss. Their tongues probed each other's mouths and Jeanine's tongue slipped down to lick the jizz from Naomi's chin. They giggled a little at the mix of tastes and sensations. Jeanine could feel my soft cock between her ass cheeks, still slick from their two wet pussies. I moaned as she slipped it up and down in her crevasse, but it wouldn't harden again. I did take the opportunity to grope her tiny titties and she gave off her own moans into Naomi's mouth.

The two women broke, their eyes glittering with pleasure and satisfaction.

Jeanine turned and kissed me on the mouth, the salty tang of my semen on her lips mixing with the taste of her own pussy and Naomi's mouth. "Have a good day, lover." Her bikini panties were in her hand and she slipped past Naomi and stepped out of the cabana, leaving the door open. We watched her twitch her little ass down the beach until she passed out of sight around the bend.

Naomi sat on my lap and brought my hands to her softball-sized breasts. I gripped them and tweaked her nipples with my fingertips. She moaned softly as I continued to gently tug and twist them. Her breath caught in her throat and I could feel the motion of her fingering her wet snatch. It didn't take long before she let out a yip from the back of her throat, a precursor of a quality orgasm that shortly washed over her.

Her round ass cheeks stroked my cock as she bucked her hips, shoving four fingers deep into her twat. She held her breath for several seconds as her bucking subsided, sighing as the orgasm wound down.

Naomi stood and turned to bend down and kiss me hard on the mouth. She chuckled deep in her throat. "I'm tired of the beach. Let's go back to the hotel and have some real fun."

She laughed as she ran out of the cabana. I watched her reach our soaked towels and suits and grinned as she gathered them up for the trip back to our room.

Vacations can be so exhausting.