 [The story is written by my boyfriend and myself as part of our light D/s game.]

*

The night is hot, summer is really here. I'm tanning quite well and the beach is looking amazing, but first is the summer ritual, rubbing sunscreen into your body. You're lying face down on the beach towel, my hands slowly running up and down your body rubbing in the important protection. 

I even then move to your bum rubbing in sunscreen under your bikini strings and then following down the rest of your legs, sneaking in a little tickle of your pussy as I rub in your inner thighs.

I turn you over and begin on your face kissing your lips, and then working my way down, giving special attention to your breasts both exposed and covered...

We've been away on vacation now for a week and haven't left the beach yet, it seems we're marooned on an island by our unwillingness to move on from here. I'm suggesting that we go to a club tonight and dance it away and you seem more than happy to do this, so we walk the hour along the deserted beach back to our car my hand caressing your bum.

I select your outfit for the night, it's a short black dress that ends right below the bum line, the front of the dress dips down to show quite a bit of cleavage and the back is near non existent. You really want to wear nipple covers but I decide against it. You're allowed to wear some underwear, and you select a black gstring with a soft silky front. Given it's quite hot we are both sticking to sandels, any other foot wear has been causing more blisters.

As soon as you're dressed you come over to me and parade to show me how you followed my orders. My hand slides under the dress and feels the moistness of your pussy. I lick the juices off my fingers, thinking tonight is going to be an interested evening. I demand more makeup be put on. Once completed with your hair flowing over the shoulders you look absolutely stunning.

It's time for me to get dressed now, but I can't help myself. That barely covered bum just needs to be spanked, so I lie you down on the bed, raise the back of your dress, and give you 20 slaps making you count out each of them. I'd get you to suck my cock right now but then that would wreck your makeup so we'll save that for later.

We're out dancing, my hands roaming around your body feeling the glistening of sweat from the heat drip down you back. I turn you around so that your back is to me and pull you close, doing sensual body rolls, my hand moving up your chest to squeeze the underside of your breast, you can feel my hard cock through my shorts as it presses into the back of your ass cheek.

As we dance like this, I can feel your ass pulsing trying to grab onto my leg. Your hand wraps around to grab my bum, I look out to see if anyone is watching us as I want to touch your pussy. To my surprise there is, two women are dancing together slowly and one is looking right at us. I catch her eye and give her a smile, she winks back at me, my hand slowly makes its way down your body and slips up the hem of your skirt rubbing the front of you clit. I then bring this hand back to my lips and lick your juices off, noticing that the woman at this point she licks her lips. You don't seem to have noticed too enthralled in what is happening, you feel sexy, slutty and so much more.

We finish the song and the next. Occasionally I see the same black haired woman looking back at us, I'm wondering what she is thinking. In a few minutes I disengage from you and head to the bar in need of a drink to cool down after those two hot sexy dances.

While I'm waiting there is a tap on my shoulder, expecting it to be you, I spin around and pull you close at which point I realise it isn't you, it's the dark haired woman. Up close now I can see her, she is slightly shorter than me though at the same time bigger in body, what I hadn't seen while she was dancing was her breasts, they were completely covered by her dress though pushing out like they wanted to escape, she was more heavily tanned than myself, almost to bronze. I quickly disengage from her and apologise saying I thought it was my girl friend behind me.

She whispers, "Did you like what you touched? Because I liked what I saw on the dance floor before," I'm now even more curious at what is happening. 

I lean in close to her ear, "I did like your round firm bum, I can just imagine spanking it and it getting all red and touchy, but I thought you were into women watching you dance before."

"Oh I do enjoy sexy wet pussy, but I also swing the other way," her voice is deep with accent, though I'm not sure where exactly.

"Well, I'm going to get a drink now and then rejoin my slutty girlfriend. Why don't you meet us on the dance floor in a bit and discreetly but obviously introduce yourself to her."

Turning around to order my drink and also to hide the wide grin that was creeping onto my face, I ordered a beer for Olga and I, she must have guessed what my mind was thinking and squeezed my bum before leaving.

I returned to our table, quickly I put my glass to my mouth so you wouldn't see the look on my face, I was very very interested in what may happen this evening. We sat chatting for 30 minutes, when obsession started playing. I knew this was the opportune moment. I took your hand and lead you out to the dance floor, starting with a slow sway your hair riding across your shoulders, forehead to forehead our sweat intertwining with our bodies in the heat. One of my hands runs down to your bum, I notice that your dress is starting to ride up and slowly move it back down while also grabbing myself a handful of your sexy bum.

As we dance I'm placing kisses slowly on your neck and shoulder, nibbling on your ear, I can hear the soft moans coming from your mouth that is placed near my ear, your legs start to really grip onto my right leg as I roll your ass out in a circles. Wetness dripping down onto my leg, not sure what it is but given the temperature it could very well be sweat, but also given your current mood it could be pussy juices.

My dick is rock hard at this point and really wanting to escape the confines of my shorts, but that will have to be for later and I'll suffer the discomfort.

As we dance I spot her walking towards us, her hips swaying side to side, I'm completely lost between the sensual feeling of your body against mine and the beauty and fun approaching so seductively. I give her a small smile as I continue to hold you close to me.

As she approaches I drop you into a low dip she moves in at this point and places a kiss on my lips, I can feel you trembling through the dip but you're caught in that position, she slowly releases herself from the kiss. I pull you out of the dip, my arms are trembling with the strain and I'm sure your back isn't doing so well, so slowly up you come. My lips coming to yours as you stand up.

I can see a few tears slipping down your face, I'm not sure whether it's fear or anger, but quickly the other woman starts kissing your neck and shoulders, my lips on yours, arms around your waist. Her hands grab your bum squeezing and pulling it through the thin fabric, initially I feel some resistance from you, but you quickly fall into the rhythm and again your body is out of your control and completely under the sway of sexual energy entering you from this intoxicating woman and myself.

I break our embrace and she turns you around, and once again you can feel my hard cock pressing into your bum, my hands holding on to your hips, her lips slowly close on yours, as she is shorter than you I notice you begin to push down with your head into the kiss. My hands roaming up your body reach out and squeeze her big breasts imploring her to get closer. Your body squeezed between our two bodies, you can feel her breasts pressed into yours, my cock pushing into bum.

My own rhythm is lost, my hands erratically moving between the two bodies, my kisses being planted on your shoulder and neck as you continue your long sensual kiss. I pull back and leave you two ladies to yourselves and stand back. A smile on my face as I watch you being taken over and consumed with passion. Your own hands are now exploring her body, hands roaming all over, you're pinching her nipples through her dress. Her hand slips into the cleavage of your dress to squeeze your soft breasts.

I come back and slowly separate you two and whisper, "Let's take this somewhere else, you two seem to have gotten the wrong kind of attention," looking around at a few guys glaring in our direction. Luckily we were staying at this hotel so it was a trip from the roof club, down a few floors to our room. Alternating kisses all around we almost miss our elevator stop, we step out, the energy is electric, the body heat is intense, to the point all this heat is getting on the hot side for me.

We somehow manage to make it to the room and we pile into the bed, our bodies tangled together, I force my way out of the group, I make an excuse for the toilet. Really I want you two ladies to get comfortable with each other as I turn away I can feel both sets of eyes on my back.

While I'm in the bathroom I can hear you actively talking now though not loud enough for me to understand, I hear you laugh, I'm slightly confused my expectation was that you would be making out and getting undressed.

I open the door to the bedroom and all the lights are off, it's dark, the moonlight is flooding into the room and giving it a soft glow, I can hear breathing, but I can't see the ladies, where is Olga, where is the woman whose name I don't yet know.

As I step up the bed, I'm pushed over, taken by surprise my hands are quickly pulled behind my back and the handcuffs that I had earlier used to restrain Olga are now on my wrists. Confused and startled I struggle but now my legs are being tied together with I don't know what. 

Slowly I'm rolled over and I can see my assailants, it's my previously submissive sexy girlfriend and the lady we picked up at the bar. It seems there has been a revolt and I'm no longer in charge, running through my head: maybe it was a mistake to give them time together.

As I adjust to the light, i see the women are staring me, Olga slowly bends overs over and places kisses along my chest, heading down to my penis, the other woman slaps Olga's ass in playful manner as she climbs on the bed and straddles my face, the wet scent of her pussy filling my nose, at the same time as Olga's mouth slips over my penis.

Instinctively I begin licking the sexy pussy in front of me, I've no control over the situation but I'll go along with it. My penis shuddering, it's wanted to cum all evening and now it feels Olga's tongue running along its length. I think I'm about cum and Olga can sense it and she pulls off making me now know what it is like to have someone else control my ability to cum. This is new territory and she so far seems enjoying.

Next she climbs up and begins kissing the woman whose pussy I'm still feverishly licking, sucking and tasting. Olga decides it's her turn now for some licking and the ladies switch places, now licking the usual scent slightly sweeter and more delicate than the previous. My hands want to reach and grab the bum, but they are still restrained. I can't see what's happening, as Olga's bum completely blocks my vision, my nose is right next to her arsehole, its scent completely overpowering me.

I hear the sound of kissing, but I also hear Olga's voice, it seems the other woman is kissing Olga's body and then so suddenly I feel a pussy slide down onto my hard cock, it throbs, it makes my tongue move faster, I can feel Olga's hips moving in rhythm with my tongue.

Slowly the pussy slides up my cock and comes back down again, so very very slowly. I try to move hips to make it faster, I need speed. But I feel the weight of her body pushing back down, taking control of the speed.

Olga is so close to coming now, I can feel it, as her pussy is pushed further down into my face, I need my hands to be free.

Then suddenly both ladies get off me at the same time, they begin licking my cock together, coming to the head my cock they kiss sharing my precum and the woman's pussy juices that cover my cock. I so so desperately need to cum.

They lift me up, Olga is now bending over the bed, my hands restrained. I'm guided into Olga's pussy by my cock, as my cock feels the tight warm hole of her pussy, I just want to ram and hold, an unrestrained animal instinct. But a firm hand is placed on my chest, warning me to go too fast would be a bad idea.

Slowly my hips move my cock in and out of her pussy, my lips locked onto the lips of the other woman as I'm fucking my slutty girlfriend who has me in such a bind. My mouth full of tongue I can't beg for release. Olga is now moving her hips, making the rhythm as she moves back and forth. Again as I'm getting close Olga pulls off. Desperation in me now, needing to release I throw my body on top of her. But to no avail, I can do nothing.

I beg, please let me go, both my hands and my cock, need to be let go. The ladies look at each other, it seems they had already thought of this. With me lying chest down on the bed, they both slapping my ass. The woman laughs, "Didn't you want to be slapping my ass? It seems I'm slapping yours."

I groan, is this how my night of ecstasy is going to go, my thoughts of being in control and guiding the event are gone.

Olga whispers, "It seems Jasmine needs an orgasm still," so it appears Olga knows the other woman's name, I wonder what's going on here.

I yell, "Yes, she does need an orgasm!"

But I'm left alone, it seems Olga is going down on Jasmine to give her an orgasm, but then I hear a vibration and it seems Olga is going to fuck her with the nice new dildo she got for Christmas. I pull my body up to a sitting position and watch as Jasmine spread eagled on the bed has her pussy penetrated vigorously by the shiny metal vibrator. Her breasts moving in time with the thrusts, bouncing. Her hips begin moving vigorously and Olga presses her face into her pussy, licking her clit as the vibrator still comes in an out.

Now that Jasmine has cum, they decide they can release me, Jasmine is tired at this moment having just cum, and as my handcuffs come off, I quickly restrain Jasmine. Her legs still spread out across the bed, are now tied to each corner. Olga quickly sees and opportunity and sits on Jasmine's face to get her pussy eaten just as she has done to Jasmine. My cock now free and so are my hands. I begin with kissing Olga deeply, sensually, squeezing her breasts as her pussy gets eaten, it seems she's going to go a second time.

I then grab Olga turn her around so she lying on top of her, their breasts pushed, Olga begins kissing her, my cock readily enters Olga's pussy, there are two pussys here for me, one on top of the other. I'm pushing hard and fast, my hands squeezing her bum, and then working around the pussy below. They start rubbing Jasmine's clit, as my cock continues to pound Olga. After a bit when I feel like I'm about to cum I pull out to break the rhythm, and then slowly slide it into Jasmine's pussy that is just waiting to be fucked. Slowly it enters. As it does, I put a finger inside Olga's ass, feeling tightness all round.

It's so wet, I can hear slurping as I come in and out, I really don't last long this time before I have to pull out. I pull Olga to me and kiss her, as I start to pump my cock with my hand, to come all over Jasmine's big round tits, quickly it happens, faster than I expected. Olga is there quickly to lick up my cum off her tits, she then licks the rest of the cum off my cock. We remove the restraints, they are no longer needed. We're all exhausted collapsing in bed together, I'm wondering what the morning will bring, or was this just a dream.

****

I slowly wake up. The unfamiliar feeling of cuddling a woman's body startles me for a moment. The memories of last night flood in and I instinctively turn my head to check that Daniel is still here with me. He's lying on the other side of the bed, already awake and watching me with a smile. I relax as I see him. I disengage myself from Jasmine and cuddle up to my boyfriend. After last night I need the reassurance of his strong arms around me. His soft kisses and his big smile soon do the trick and I feel completely relaxed and confident. With a playful smile I ask if he's going to punish me for the power coup last night. 

"Do you want to be punished?"

"No, cause I think you enjoyed it." 

"May be I did," he places a soft kiss on my forehead. His hand is caressing my bum and my thigh as I move my leg on top of him. I reach up to get myself a long sensual kiss.

He rolls us over, closer to Jasmine who is still sleeping undisturbed by our quiet conversation. We are now spooning all the three of us. 

His hand starts traveling up and down my body. Then I feel a soft touch of his lips on my shoulder. Suddenly I guess what he wants me to do. I start mirroring him, whatever his hand is doing to me my hand is doing to Jasmine. 

Her skin is simply gorgeous and I'm fascinated with her tanned colour. I'm drinking in the picture of my very pale hand on her bronze skin. The contrast of colours is even greater between me and her than me and Daniel. 

His hand travels up and starts playing with my hair, and now I can feel hers. Soft and thick I can't help and pull at it a bit. As I do it she lets out a soft sound. I'm not sure if it's a moan or a sigh.

Daniel starts placing kisses on my neck, but in that position I can't reach Jasmine's neck with my own lips. I substitute with as soft a touch of my fingers as I can manage. I feel the passion waking up in me and I want more of this gorgeous woman.

Daniel's cock is pressing hard into my bum and I know he shares my ideas for what a good morning means. 

I move closer to her and get my hand on her breasts. She must be a frequent at nudist beach I note to myself. Now in the daylight it is obvious that she has no tan lines at all. She lets out another soft moan and now I know she's awake. She leans into me and places her hand on my thigh. Finding Daniel's hand there as well she smiles and says good morning.

We keep caressing each other in the same fashion for a while. Then in a few minutes she rolls over and stares very intensely at me. I don't know what to make of it. Her grip on me becomes stronger as she says, "How could you let him restrain me? Wasn't it all about girl power and solidarity?" 

Daniel laughs at this, "You ladies did plot the assault together, didn't you?"

"It was her idea," Jasmine gives me out.

I look at Daniel not sure what he's going to think about it. Jasmine is still holding me down with the full weight of her body.

To my surprise Daniel moves in quickly and in no time he and Jasmine are sharing a passionate kiss. It is a long one too and I feel that Jasmine's hands are pushing me hard into the bed as it goes on and on.

"Why don't you teach her a lesson."

"You are reading my mind." 

I look at him, I'm both scared and extremely turned on. Now that I know Daniel has sided with her there's no point to fight back. He was always stronger than me and I don't have a chance against the two of them. Jasmine pulls my arms up and holds them above my head.

"I think you owe an apology to your boyfriend for the way you treated him last night. As well as to me, for letting me down."

"I'm sorry" is all I can say.

"That's not enough."

She leans in and kisses me. Her tongue possessing my mouth as I eagerly suck on it. I never knew that being dominated by another woman would turn me on so much. And knowing that my lord is getting a nice show turns me on even more. I can't see him but I know he's watching.

Jasmine's hair is all over my face. I now know what it feels like to be kissed by a woman like this. It tickles, and it feels good. I wish I could get my hands on her body.
