 Saturday we took a breather, but on Sunday I picked C up to go to a pool party at Holly's house in Batavia. It was a beautiful warm summer day and I had C wear a white T and white lace G-string for the ride. Her tan was now very dark and the contrast of the attire was very striking. She no longer showed any form of trepidation with regard to prancing out the door like that or trotting in to Starbucks for an iced latte' en route. What made it even sexier was that she had chosen a pair of chunky white high heeled shoes to complete the outfit. After getting our beverages and before getting back into the car she "accidently" dropped her napkin and proceeded to bend over to retrieve it, baring her asscheeks for all that were watching to see. She was so striking in her minimal attire that I'm certain many were.

When we arrived at the renovated farmhouse a short ways outside the city limits, Holly, a very well preserved woman in her forties with a sleek A-cup body and shoulder length dark hair greeted us in the nude and then led us to the back yard. There we met Anna, a B to C-cup hottie with creamy mocha skin and the greatest nipples I've ever encountered as well as Ellen, a ravishing thing of Irish descent replete with auburn locks, freckles and a great B-cup body. Anna and Ellen were both in their mid thirties and like Holly sported perfectly smooth snatches. They all knew me well as I'd been with each of them before, in one on ones as well as threesomes and once all three at the same time - what an evening that had been. I'd not been able to walk properly for the next couple days. 

C must have felt overdressed and quickly slipped out of her T and G string. The girl talk began in earnest at that point. She didn't even notice as I slipped away, leaving her in the very capable hands of the other three. I had set this up so that she could experience a true girl only escapade with no cocks a part of the equation, only tongues, lips, fingers, and... dildoes. 

What she didn't know until much later was that Holly had four surveillance cameras set up in the corners of the yard and the entire afternoon was captured on glorious black and white video that was later shared with me. I saw as they lay about, swam, chatted, and more importantly as the other three "ganged up" on C, smothering her with affection, massaging, kissing, and exploring every bit of her body, introducing her to her first (and second and third) dildo, taking turns eating her out and then having her return the favor, using a strap-on on her, lying crotch to crotch joined cunt to cunt by a double headed dildo, and even managing to briefly poke a little anal plug up her rosebud at one point. They cuddled and caressed and played as only a group of naked women can. I so regretted that there was no sound to accompany the tape, but it was easy to imagine the giggles, sighs, and moans that undoubtedly took place. 

My favourite scene involved C on her back with Ellen on all fours, face buried between C's legs, Anna behind Ellen giving her a good fucking with a strap-on while burying a thumb up her anus as well, and Kelly squatting over C's face getting eaten out. It went on and on like that before C, Ellen and Kelly all came at once in writhing pile of female flesh. This was followed by the three of them ganging up on Anna, one on each tit and the third between her legs until she too was squirming in orgasmic ecstasy. 

When I picked C up that evening, I asked how it went (I'd not yet seen the tape). She looked at me with a dreamy smile and just said "wonderful" and that she was exhausted, which soon manifested itself in her falling soundly asleep. I could barely rouse her enough to get her out of the car and into her apartment. I undressed her and tucked her into her bed, making certain that her alarm was set for the next morning

That week saw more of us at the beach each day. C had become the queen of the cameltoe, now always in one of the many g-strings I'd purchased for her. Pink, white, indigo, celadon, and neon green went the week. On Wednesday night we went to a new bar in the East End with her wearing only a black lace chemise. It was very revealing in that the lace was quite open in weave, but with the dim lighting in concert with her deep tan and shaved snatch, it ended up not being all that much of a show. We ended up only staying for one round of drinks before heading off to another smaller bar on Main Street for a second. There we wound up having sex in the men's room there with her perched on the sink with my cock thrusting away in her cunt until someone walked in to take a leak. We both came with him standing there stroking himself as we did, whereupon C lent him a hand and helped him to finish off, spewing his wad into the ice filled urinal. 

Friday evening we headed out for another house party. This was hosted by Ferd and Gina in a home right on the lake, actually quite close to the beach where we had been spending so much time. Ferd recognized C immediately and she him from walking the beach. He said something about not recognizing her at first because she had clothes on, but that was stretching things a bit, as she wasn't wearing all that much that evening. When we left her apartment she had been wearing a short black pleated skirt and gold lurex tube top that exhibited her nipples nicely. At the last minute I had her shed the skirt and leave it in the car, leaving her wearing only the tube top, her black fuckmepumps, and black lace panties with high cut legs when we'd rung the front bell. 

Gina was attired in billowy slacks and a sheer black blouse with nothing underneath. She really had nothing at all going on in the breast department other than some nicely tweakable nipples, but she did have incredible long legs, shoulder length blonde hair, and one of those truly beautiful model type faces with perfect skin and high cheekbones. 

We were introduced to a couple of other guys that had arrived before us and soon after a two more showed up. I really can't remember their names, had never met them before, but they were friends of Ferd and Gina's. C garnered a lot of attention in her skimpy attire and before long all four of the guys had chatted her up a bit. Ferd mixed drinks and distributed beers while Gina flirted a bit, but generally just kind of watched the goings on. After the second round of drinks had made its way around I drew C aside and instructed her to go to the powder room and change into what I'd left her a few minutes earlier. She trotted off to fulfill her mission.

Five minutes later she reappeared wearing the heels, a pair of black stockings, and a lacy black garterbelt. The guys were all over her in a flash, standing as close as they could get and embarrassing her with comments about how sweet of titties she had all the way to "I bet that's one tight lil' pussy." 

Gina stepped in at that point, slipping an arm around C's shoulders and drew her away. The living room was on two levels, one three steps higher than the other. She took C by the hand, leading her up the steps and then stopping at the top. There she proceeded to kiss her deep and passionately, pressing their bodies together as she did. 

We all watched slack jawed as Gina slid out of the elastic waisted slacks revealing those legs that just went on and on. Slowly and provocatively she unbuttoned her blouse until it hung open and then slipped it off her shoulders. Not having worn any panties, her exquisite muff of flaxen colored hair was clearly on view. Placing her hands on C's shoulders she pushed downward sending C to her knees, presenting her with an even better view of that bush than the rest of us had.

C knew what was now expected of her and she kissed, licked, and probed with her tongue as Gina lifted one leg to rest her foot atop an ottoman just to her right. Her labia were distended and C tugged at them with her mouth before burying her tongue between them, probing away until she located the little kernel of love that Gina needed licked. As Gina grew more and more aroused, C slipped the thumb of her right hand between the flaps of flesh and as deep inside as she could while fanning her other four fingers out to clench Gina's perineum and asscheeks. For what seemed like an hour she lapped away at Gina until the cries of ecstasy reached a peak and Gina was reduced to a quivering mass of nerves, doubling up and sinking onto the ottoman.

Ferd was now naked, as was I. We each took one of C's hands and led her to the oversized bedroom at the far end of the house. All four of the others had unzipped their pants as they had been watching and had been stroking themselves. In the bedroom they all got fully undressed and the six of us proceeded to take turns with C, wrapping her hands around our shafts or facefucking her or sinking our cocks deep into her juicy quim. It continued like that until we had all experienced both pussy and mouth at least once. She was extremely aroused and nearly ready to cum when I reached down and began manipulating her clit with my finger. 

Almost immediately she gasped and let out a long sensual moan that grew louder and louder as she peaked. As she came, so did we all, one by one stroking ourselves and splattering our loads all over her chest, face, and abdomen. By the time we were done she was coated with a thick film of milky white spunk and when she finally sat up it slid and dripped down the front of her as she made her way across the hardwood floor to the master bath. Gina joined her there where the two of them popped into the shower together, lathering up and sliding against each other, fingering each other until each had cum one more time. Then they dried each other off, combed and dried each other's hair before re-applying some of the makeup that had washed off. Gina wrapped herself in a robe and handed another to C.

We rode back to C's apartment with her like that and as we went inside we passed her neighbor Charlie who gave us the strangest look, but hey, who cares, right?