 The Morning After

Good friends Tyrone, Dawn and Jenny all lay sprawled out in Dawn's Queen Size bed as naked as the day they were born in deep slumber after a raucous bout of drunken, frenzied three way sex the evening prior. Dawn was the first to awaken from a buzzing sound. It took her a moment to register what it was. It was coming from one of the mobile phones laying on Dawn's nightstand. She picked it up answering with a groggy hello not even sure if the phone was hers. 

"Who? Yeah, hang on. Jen, honey it's for you. Wake up hon."

"What is it? What's going on?" Jen asked groggily.

"The phone it's for you." Dawn answered.

"Hello? Who is this?" Jen asked.

"Jen, it's me Arron. What's going on? Where are you? I came home last night and you weren't here. I tried calling your phone a bunch of times late last night and you didn't answer. You had me worried. I thought that maybe you were mad at me for bailing out on dinner and that maybe you decided to head home but you weren't there either."

Jen looked at her phone and sure enough there were approximately six missed calls. He must have been trying to call her while Tyrone was balls deep in her pussy pounding the shit out of her the night before. 

"Uh, well. What happened was I had a few too many drinks with dinner and Dawn thought it best if I not drink and drive. Sorry I must have been uh...passed out from all the alcohol when you tried calling." Jen felt guilty about having to lie to Arron. She didn't think she could feel any guiltier after what had happened last night. She was in deep. Just as deep as Tyrone was in her pussy late last night.

Jen looked over at Tyrone lying naked next to her and he had a raging hard on. Goddamn he must be superhuman. Dawn took note of this as well and began to stroke it out of habit. Tyrone began to stir. Jen sat up in bed while talking to Arron on her phone. 

"I'm so sorry baby. I didn't mean to worry you." Jen said.

"It's okay babe. I was just feeling really horny last night and was disappointed that you weren't around to take care of me." Arron told her.

"Yeah, there seemed to be a lot of that going around last night." Jen widened her eyes. Why did she just say that? She still wasn't thinking straight. 

"What do you mean babe?" Arron asked her.

"Oh, uh. Nothing my head is still a bit fuzzy from last night. Sorry." Jen smacked herself on her forehead.

"Man you must have really been at it?" Arron laughed.

Jen's heart started beating really fast. Did he know? "What do you mean by at it?"

"Hitting the sauce I mean. Are you sure you're alright?" Arron sounded worried.

"Oh, yeah. Sorry for being so out of it. It was quite a night." Boy if he only knew.

"You and Dawn must have really partied it up last night. Are you sure you guys just had dinner at home? Did you guys out clubbing or something?"

"No, honey. Of course not. It was just a nice quiet ordinary dinner with Dawn and her man." On the bed next to her things were beginning to heat up between her two co-conspirators. Dawn's hand was beginning to pick up the pace on Tyrone's massive morning erection. These two were insatiable. Jen could not believe these two and their un-quenching sexual appetites. These two literally went from zero to sixty in a matter of moments. Jen was barely capable of holding a phone conversation with her boyfriend at the moment and these two were ready for an encore of last night's performance. Where did they find the energy?

Tyrone held Dawn in his arms as she stroked his cock and he kissed her passionately. One of his hands moved to one of her large breasts and he began to massage it. She moaned her consent in his mouth. 

"Jen, you okay? You're being kind of quiet." Arron asked.

"Yes, honey. I'm just feeling really sore from..." She had to stop herself again. She almost told Arron that her pussy was feeling sore from Tyrone fucking her pussy last night. 

Dawn and Tyrone were enjoying each other completely oblivious to the fact that Jen was having a conversation with her boyfriend over the phone. Quite simply they did not care. Tyrone crawled on top of Dawn and began sucking on Dawn's big titties. Dawn squealed in delight. 

"What was that babe? Did someone yell just now?" Arron asked Jen.

Jen had to think fast. "Uh, no. Um it's the TV Dawn is watching the TV and she put the volume on a bit high. Let me get her to lower it some." 

"Come on guys." Jen whispered. "It's my boyfriend on the phone. Can't you guys hold off for a bit? Please?"

"You worry too much. You need to learn to take it easy, baby." Tyrone said to Jen with a wink and that gorgeous smile that once again made Jennifer swoon. 

"Um, the uh sound button on the control is not working." Jen cringed she knew that her lie was completely lame.

"It's cool. What are you guys watching?" 

"What are we watching? It's um you know one of those romantic comedies that you hate so much." If he only knew what she was really watching transpire right before her eyes even worse if he only knew the shenanigans she was up to late last night with these two sex freaks.

Tyrone worked his way from Dawn's tits down to her vagina. He breathed in her aroma before kissing her thighs and giving her clit a few quick licks. Dawn squealed again at the sensation.

"Porn for chicks is what those romantic comedies are." Arron quipped.

"Yeah, I guess you could say so." Jen needed to leave before she got into any more trouble. She found it difficult however as she was still feeling quite light headed and the action next to her was beginning to get more intense. She started to get up to leave but Dawn reached out and held on to Jen's free arm with a vice like grip as Tyrone worked his magic on her pussy.

Jen tried to loosen Dawn's grip but to no avail. Jen was in it now. Dawn was panting passionately as her pleasure began to increase. 

"Oh. Oh. Oh." Dawn whimpered aloud. 

"SHHH! Dawn, please." Jenny pleaded but Dawn was too far gone to even realize that Jen was still there next to her. Dawn didn't even realize that she had been hanging on to Jenny's arm. 

Jen placed the phone to her chest and tried pleading with Dawn once more. "Dawn, please. I need to get out of here. Arron can hear you guys and is wanting to know what is going on." Her pleas fell on deaf ears once again.

Neither Tyrone or Dawn was aware of Jenny's predicament. Their only focus was on their mutual gratification. Dawn was squirming now while still hanging on to Jen's arm. 

"I want you inside me now." She mewed to Tyrone. He lifted his face from her sex got on his knees on the bed and placed Dawn's legs upon his shoulders as he entered her cunt with his monster dick. 

"Oooohhh that's it baby. It feels so good in me." Dawn squealed with delight. Tyrone's balls were slapping against Dawn's ample bottom. Jen was getting so turned on right now. Dawn finally released her grasp on Jenny's arm and even though she was now free to go she could not pry herself away from the show at hand. 

Jen stuck two fingers up her wet cunt with her now free hand. While Tyrone was fucking Dawn he peered over at Jen playing with herself and this really got him going. As he continued pouncing on Dawn he focused his sights on little Jen. 

"You look so fucking hot." He whispered to Jen and smiled. That smile would be the death of her. Why did he have to be so damn sexy? 

"You are so fucking gorgeous." Jen said to Tyrone.

Tyrone reached over with his hand and stuck two fingers of his own up Jenny's pussy as he continued pumping into Dawn. 

"I'm fucking cumming!" Dawn screamed as she arched her back. 

"Jen, you still there? What the hell was that?!" Arron asked her.

Jenny found it hard to speak. "Uh, what. Oh, uh. Dawn is coming. She said she is coming..."

"Coming to do what?" Arron was confused.

Tyrone pulled out of Dawn as she began to settle down from her climax. He moved over to little Jen and placed his schlong slick with Dawn's pussy juice. Jen looked up at him and whispered fuck me now. He did as he was told and slammed it on home.

"Yes!" Jen squealed loudly.

"Jen? What the hell is going on?" Arron demanded.

"I...um...uh...Dawn...please..." Jen just couldn't anymore and handed the phone over to Dawn.

"Hey, Jim. How you doing?" Dawn said.

"Where's Jen? Is she okay? She seems a bit distracted this morning."

"Yeah, she just had to head to the bathroom. Poor thing just can't seem to hold her liquor." Dawn had to hold back a chuckle.

"Oh, that's too bad. Hey what is that ruckus?" Arron asked.

"Ruckus? What ruckus? Can you describe the ruckus?" Dawn was being cute.

"I hear a lot yelling and squeaky noises."

"Oh, you mean my neighbors? They are um having some "playtime" if you know what I mean?" 

"Wow, really? They are pretty loud. How long they been going at it?"

"They just started in a few minutes ago but they went at it pretty hot and heavy last night." Jen wrapped her legs around Tyrone's waste and was bucking her hips against each of his thrusts. She was in heaven. She was completely oblivious to the conversation that Dawn and Jim were having. Her only focus, all she cared about was the fucking she was receiving from Tyrone.

"Here take a listen" Dawn aimed the phone towards the two lovers.

"Make me cum! Make me cum! Make me cum!" Jenny shouted.

"Yeah, you like that don't you baby? Your man can't give it you like me with his little white boy dick can he?" Tyrone gnarled. 

"Oh, fuck no! He can never make me cum...EVER! But you can, baby. Make cum like last night, please!" Jenny was begging.

Dawn spoke back into the receiver. "Pretty crazy huh?"

"Whoa! I feel bad for that dude for not being able to keep his woman satisfied. Glad that Jen and I don't have that problem." Dawn snorted at that.

"What?" Arron asked."Nothing." Dawn was enjoying the live sex show in front of her. She was envious of Jen being the center of her man's lust at this moment. She reached over with her free hand and began squeezing and playing with Jen's itty bitty titties. Dawn thought they were the cutest things ever. She pinched Jen's nipples as she continued to massage them.

"How were you able to sleep with all that noise going on last night?"

"Oh, I've gotten quite used to it."

"How did Jen sleep through all that was going on?"

"Oh, well she had a few drinks in her system so it didn't bother her none."

"Sorry that I missed dinner last night. I know Jen was bummed that I couldn't come."

"Oh, it's okay. Things turned out alright in the end because we all certainly did...have a good time I mean." Dawn said.

"I'm also sorry that I didn't get to meet your new friend. What was his name?"

"My guy's name is Tyrone. Yeah, he's really great."

"So you guys are pretty serious then?"

"Oh, as serious as a heart attack." Tyrone and Jen were still going it at it at a frenzied pace. Tyrone flipped himself on his back pulling Jenny on top of him without ever pulling out. He held on to her hips and bucked himself upwards wildly. He was literally bouncing Jen up and down on his cock with her riding him like a bucking bronco. Slap. Slap. Slap. The sound of flesh smacking against flesh permeated the bedroom. 

"Oh God! Oh God! Oh God! You're the king baby!" Jenny screamed.

Tyrone just grunted like a Wildman as he continued fucking Jenny senseless.

"Gee, your neighbors are still going at it pretty hot and heavy huh?" Arron sounded amazed.

"I'll say. Just like last night."

"So did your old man and my old lady get along okay?"

"Oh, yes. Absolutely. Tyrone and Jen hit it off quite well. Like two peas in a pod."

"That is good to hear. I was afraid that Jen might feel like a third wheel without me there."

"Oh, not at all. She fit right in and surprisingly he fit in her quite well...I mean Tyrone absolutely loved having her...over I mean, for dinner. It was an arousing...I mean a rousing success."

"What did you guys have for dinner?" Dawn began playing with her clit as she watched Jen being manhandled like a rag doll by her hunky boyfriend. The bed was shaking furiously now by the intensity of the two lovers going at it.

"We had a really large helping of a Vienna sausage." Dawn said.

"Just one sausage was one enough for all of you?" Arron asked.

"Oh it was a very large sausage. Massive as a matter of fact. Jen nearly choked on her dinner because she was just gulping it down like there was no tomorrow. She really enjoyed herself." 

"AHHHHH!!!!" Jen just had herself one intense orgasm but Tyrone was still hard and kept pumping for dear life. He was not yet done with her.

"I can barely hear you now with all that commotion. They sound so close. What does Jen make of all this?" Arron asked.

"Oh, you know how conservative Jen is. She finds the whole thing a bit deplorable."

"Yeah, that is the one complaint I would have about our sex life is that she doesn't really seem to want to let loose." 

"Oh, baby! You're so fucking good! You already made me cum once and I think here comes another one. Oh my God I have never had it this good! Oh! Oh! Oh!" Jenny whimpered. Dawn stuck two fingers in her pussy as she continued to watch the two lovers. She was finding it hard to talk herself right now.

"Uh, can Jen call you back? I think she is calling for me. She seems to really need my help. Bye." Dawn sat up and climbed on top of Tyrone's face lowering her pussy onto his mouth. He flicked his tongue out and lapped at her cunt sending a wave of pleasure throughout her body. Dawn was facing Jen who was still being ferociously impaled by Tyrone's massive dong. Dawn leaned over and began sucking on Jen's nipples and gently licking around her little brown areola. Jen placed her hands on Dawn's shoulders for support to keep from flailing around. 

There was no more talking. The only sounds to be heard now was the slapping of flesh against tender flesh, and the moans and groans of pleasure among the trio. Dawn gently began nibbling on Jen's nips sending shivers of electricity down her spine. All three were close now. Dawn came first all over Tyrone's face; this sent him over the edge as he unleashed a torrent of cum deep inside Jen's unprotected womb, thus causing Jen to howl as her own climax erupted deep within her.

"Ohhhhhhhh God! I'm fucking cumming!!!!" Jen's body shook and convulsed at the intensity of her orgasm. She still had her hands on Dawn's shoulders as she slowly came down from her high. They looked deeply in each other's eyes and they both smiled contentedly. Dawn leaned in and placed her open mouth upon Jen's and swirled her tongue inside her friend's mouth. Jen had never kissed another woman nor had she even considered the possibility of being with another woman but she was in such a euphoric state at the moment that she was open to just about anything. 

"Maybe we should het cleaned up." Dawn suggested. Dawn hopped off the bed and took both Jenny and Tyrone by the hand and led them into the shower.