 The rest of the afternoon was consumed with naps and a stroll to the falls. There's a spot on the Canadian side where you can pretty much guarantee the mist will get you and it was well populated as it was a ninety five degree day. Everyone wanted to catch some of the cooling mist. C's attire for this escapade was a lightweight pale turquoise cotton tee that ended mid thigh. The bright pink of her shoes with four inch heels was matched by her toe and fingernail polish. 

We wandered into the throng of mist aficionados and in no time at all we too were ever so slowly becoming drenched in the cooling vapors. The wetter we got, the more prominent C's nipples became. It also became quite evident that she was wearing no panties as the flimsy fabric clung to her ass and thighs. As I looked around, there were several women whose headlights were on high beam, but in C's case the light blue material molded itself to her braless contours like paint. I had an incredible desire to suck her nipples right through the shirt. Men were ogling her, some women were as well, others were simply keeping their thoughts to themselves and the kids were all oblivious to the erotic display that C was putting on.

We hung out for a while, then headed back. We dried out quickly in the sun and heat and by the time we got in the elevator again, you'd never know how much on display C had been earlier. Even though there was a guy in the cab, once the doors shut, C pulled the tee up, over her head, and off, treating him to a display of first class tits and shaved pussy. We got off at 15 and on the way out, C draped the tee over his shoulder. I looked back as the doors closed behind us and he was staring mouth agape at C's sweet little naked ass as she strutted off down the hall. 

We both showered up again and got ready for dinner. We had reservations at a great Italian restaurant a block from the hotel and I was really looking forward to the evening. Not only would we be dining at one of the best places in North America for osso bucco, but we would be joined by two other couples and the plan was to all get naked after. I'd brought another sexy little silk chemise from Victoria's Secret for C to wear, this time a rich smoky grey with a touch of black lace in the vee of the neckline. Again there was a wisp of a thong to accompany but instead of grey, it was a mixture of sheer and lace, all in black. She added black stilettoes with slender straps that merely made her look even closer to naked. She did her hair up atop her head, a few wisps dangling down here and there. I don't know where it came from, but she had grey eye shadow virtually the same shade as the chemise. She also re-did her nail polish to a deep claret color.

Just before heading out the door, I extracted a small jewelry type box from my bag and popped it open. From it I removed a collar of black lace about two inches high with an oval fire opal stone at the front held in a pewter setting. I 

fastened it around C's slender neck and handed her a pair of matching opal studs to replace the dangly sliver earrings she usually wore. I slipped a second pair in my pocket.

She looked stunning as we strode down the hall to the elevator and even more crossing the lobby. Her nipples were clearly discernable and her breasts jiggled nicely as she walked. The grey silk rippled ever so slightly as it slithered back and forth at her hips. 

Then we were outside. The sun was just beginning to set, turning the western sky a color not unlike the opals she wore. Her magnificence was magnified by the fact that she was strutting down a highly populated city sidewalk and all eyes were on her as she click-click-clicked and jiggle-jiggle-jiggled on her way, a faintly mischievous smile gracing her lips. 

Inside the restaurant, we were escorted by the maitre de to a table where Mike and Candice were already seated, just as a waiter delivered a martini to him and a cosmo to her. We asked for a duplicate and after introductions slid onto the banquette, Candice to my right, C my left and Mike beyond to Candice's right. She was done up in a short oxblood leather skirt and a sheer black blouse that clearly showed off a sexy black lace bra beneath. Sitting with her legs crossed, the skirt rode up high, showing off the lacy tops of black stockings. Her hair was jet black and quite short, almost boyish but perfectly suited to her pert nose and high cheekbones. 

We had just settled into the small talk when Pete and Pat arrived. They are quite a pair, he well over six feet tall and totally bald, her barely over five foot with long flaming red hair, a tiny slender build, and heavily freckled complexion. Although this was the first time we had all met, I'd spoken to both Mike and Pete, but I still wasn't prepared for just how striking Pat was. 

It didn't hurt that she was wearing a black strapless dress that was little more than a large tube sock, clinging to her hips, waist, and tiny tits. Her hair came down past her ass and the dress ended barely an inch beyond that. She tottered along on huge platform shoes with extreme heels. They sat down, ordered gin and tonics both and the conversation moved along. The waiter reappeared after a bit, we ordered, and ordered another round as well. 

While we were waiting for the food, the conversation drifted off to shopping, the women all comparing notes as to where they might head the next day. At one point I felt Candice's hand on my thigh and as I looked to my right I realized that she had allowed the skirt to ride even higher so that now I saw the bare flesh of thighs about the top of her stockings. Her hand wandered to my crotch and came to rest on the bulge of my cock. She glanced over at me and then returned to the conversation but kept her hand parked in my lap for most of the dinner, only removing it on occasion as she needed to facilitate eating. I was hard the entire time.

After dessert and coffee had been served and savored, the three women all slipped away to the little girls room. Mike, Pete, and I all complimented each other on what sweet little pieces of ass we were lucky enough to have accompanying us. Mike mentioned that he had noticed where Candice's hand had been earlier and I nodded affirmatively. 

"She gets like that sometimes, just can't wait to get her hands on fresh cock."

"Well, I hope she's interested in getting more than just her hands on it."

We all had a little laugh and Mike replied "Don't worry, she gives great head, but I'm certain she's in the mood to go for a ride or two tonight as well."

The girls returned just then. We had already taken care of the bill and rather than sit down, Candice said "Shall we move along now?"

That was when I noticed that her bra was in her hand instead of cladding her breasts beneath the sheer blouse. That's also when C tossed her g-string into the middle of the table and Pam followed suit with a similar little wad of black lace. Candice proceeded to add the bra to the pile and announce "I wasn't wearing any panties, so... " 

Of course everyone in the immediate vicinity heard and the girls all received some pretty intense scrutiny as we exited (not that they wouldn't have without her pronouncement). It was dark out, but there was plenty of light from the street lamps as well as an abundance of honky-tonk neon. I swear the traffic came to a standstill as these three hotties sashayed down the street and back to the hotel. I was really enjoying watching Candice's breasts bouncing away through the sheer blouse. 

The boys and I had earlier made arrangements for a large penthouse suite as a playroom for the night. We all piled into the elevator for the ride up to the 21st floor and no sooner had the door closed than C pulled her chemise up and off, proudly handing it to me once she had. She was getting quite use to this.

Pam and Candice both giggled, but joined suit and in a matter of seconds there were three naked women in the cab and three guys holding onto their clothing. Candice was standing right in front of me and proceeded to grind her bare ass against my crotch. C and Pam were ahead of her and eyeing each others feminine forms. At the 19th floor the elevator halted and the doors parted.

None of us had been paying too much attention to the floor designator. We all stepped off assuming we were on the correct floor and ran straight into two couples in swimsuits who were obviously headed for the pool. We all just kind of stopped short and gasped. The other couples were more than a little surprised to see three naked delicious women. Before we realized what was happening, the door to the elevator closed and there we were.

Pam started to giggle at the absurdity of it all and C and Candice joined in. One of the other guys said "Don't know what party you're headin' to but it should be a humdinger."

I quickly replied "We ARE the party and it will be taking place on 21 if you'd like to join us."

"Thanks, but no thanks, I think we'll just head for the spa." he responded.

"If you change your mind, just come up and knock." One of the girls was very hot looking in a skimpy black string bikini with gold accents. I certainly would have liked to have unwrapped and savored that lovely creature, but figured I'd better not push it. There was plenty of juicy ripe pussy in our sextet all dying to get pumped.

Another elevator cab showed up, depositing yet another couple in the hallway before the six of us took it over. They were older and completely flabbergasted by the scene. We just smiled and said good evening as we squeezed by them, leaving them with mouths agape as the elevator door closed. 

Once on the 21st floor, we ran into no other guests before we reached the room. It was huge with one of those ridiculous round beds and mirrors all over. There was a good sized jacuzzi which was filled and according to Candice after she dipped a toe in it "Just the right temperature." The bathroom was immense and all marble. C sat down to take a pee, leaving the double doors wide open so that we could all see. After she had flushed, she transferred to the bidet and rinsed herself up all ladylike again, then toweled her smooth snatch dry.

By that point I had stripped naked and Mike and Pete were close behind. My cock was hard as a rock and I was dying for some action. In particular I wanted to get my hands on Pam. I'd been eyeing her snatch from the moment she slid out of her dress. This was a case where the rug definately matched the curtains, firebush that was long and lush, but nicely trimmed at the same time. I definately have a thing for redhead pussy and here was a magnificent example. 

Pam saw me ogling her and sauntered over to grab my cock, then lead me over to the bed where she proceeded to lay down and spread her legs wide in the air. "Kitty wants some attention."

I bent over and planted a kiss on her labia then buried my nose in the mound of russet fur just above. My tongue emerged and began to explore her slit, probing until I found her clit, then playing and teasing it for a bit before wandering downward to have a taste of the juices that were already flowing freely from her fuckhole. I stuck it as deep as I could, tonguefucking her before pulling it out and sucking her flaps inside my mouth to swish around and suck on. She groaned in delight at this. I was in heaven and it seemed she was as well. 

I felt a hand on my cock, stroking it and playing with my balls which were at that point taut and swollen. It was a wonderful sensation and was even better when I felt the hand replaced by Candice's mouth wrapped around my tool, sucking and slurping away. I looked down and between my legs to where she sat on the floor, legs spread with C's face between. C's was on her knees with her ass up in the air and Pete's dick buried deep in her juicy little quim. As he slammed away at her, I could feel it transmitted right down the line.

I wondered where Mike was and then realized that he was facefucking Pat. I wondered if he could feel Pete's thrusts all the way up there. We continued like that for quite a while, then altered positions and partners several times before I found myself in the middle of the bed with Pam on her knees straddling me as she slowly impaled herself on my swollen fuckpole. 

She was flexible like a gymnast and just kept sinking down down down until finally I bottomed out deep inside her, at which point she started grinding away at me, her exotic muff of fur rubbing against my abdomen with every move she made. 

I looked over at C and was surprised to see Mike and Peter dp'ing her. It was largely a tangle of legs, but it was pretty clear that somehow or another they both had their cocks inside her and she appeared totally lost in the moment. Then Candice sat on my face and it was me as well that was getting double teamed. The Pam and Candace swapped positions back and forth several times over the next hour or so until finally I pumped my load deep inside Pam. 

A huge amount leaked right back out and all over me, but the two of them quickly slurped it up and then swapped a big sloppy cumslobbery kiss. The three of us trotted off to enjoy the oversize shower where we found the other three already wet and soapy. We stayed there long enough for all three guys to get sucked good and hard again by each of the three girls before heading for the jacuzzi. After a few minutes in the warm bubbles, the ladies climbed up and sat on the edge of the tub platform so that we guys could return the favor. 

After the girls had all come several more times from our oral ministrations, we dried off and then returned to the big bed, each with our own partner for a long leisurely fuck in numerous positions. It was delightful to be back inside C's sweet lovebucket and it was incredibly sensual to see how the others made love too. Everyone seemed to settle into a different position that was best for them. When Pam finally exploded in an orgasmic oratorio, we all went over the edge as well in one big thrashing flailing screaming groaning yelping physiological fireball of sexual ecstasy. 

Throughout the night there were frequent little side trips of sucking and slurping and fucking and at one point I awoke to find C on top of me with my cock between her thighs and Mike and Pete to either side, each with their dicks in one of her hands. Pam and Candice were wrapped in each others' arms blissfully asleep. C managed somehow to guide me inside her as she pumped away on three penises at once. That time after she had finished all three of us off in her mouth we all slept 'til dawn before donning thick terrycloth robes and disappearing back to our respective rooms on lower floors. 

On the way down in the elevator we encountered the cutie we had run into the evening before, also wrapped in a robe. She gave us a sly grin, knowing full well what we'd been up to all night. As we got off at our floor she sensually pulled open her robe to flash us her sweet tits and a furry little bush. 

Much to my disbelief I found myself hard again even after a night like I'd just been through