 That evening the gloom descended and enveloped us like a warm blanket. The rain pattered gently against the windows at first, quickly building in strength until a virtual sheet of torrential water lashed the panes. Lightning crackled over the horizon illuminating the dark sky and thunder boomed loud in the near distance. It was turning into a dreadful night.

Inside the house I threw another log onto the fire hearing the damp wood hiss and sigh as the flames licked around its body. The hot atmosphere in our small dining room was becoming oppressive; the large fire had always been oversized for the room and I could see that my wife, Coral was already beginning to suffer.

Draining my wine glass in a single swallow I savoured the fruity alcohol as it slipped down easily. Opening the third bottle of the evening, I looked over at Coral inquiringly.

"Oh God, no more for me please Dave."

Without asking, I refilled the glasses of our guests, Marc and Angeline.

"Are you feeling all right, honey?" I asked returning my attention to my wife, "you look a little flushed."

"Actually guys, I don't feel too good. Would you all mind if I just went to bed?"

Marc and Angeline looked up from their conversation with concern.

"Maybe we all ought to call it a night?" Angeline said

"No, no. You guys carry on. I'll be alright. It's just a little too much wine and that damn fire! I'll be fine in the morning. Don't mind me, have another drink and enjoy yourself. I expect Dave will start telling his bad jokes soon!"

"Shit! We'll have to leave then!" Marc laughed

Coral smiled sweetly as she stood up from the table. She kissed me lightly on the lips and I could taste a mixture of lip-stick and red wine. She apologised again to our friends and I looked after her as she tottered a little unsteadily up the stairs towards our bedroom. I sighed deeply. I knew what my wife was like when she had drunk too much wine; She'd be in bed in a matter of minutes and sound asleep soon afterwards. I wouldn't be talking to her again until morning. The evening continued with poor jokes coming from both Marc and myself. The heat from the fire still emanated around the room and Angeline had taken her jacket off to reveal a thin white blouse. In between jokes I kept trying to steal glances at my friend's wife. Angie was a year or so younger than Coral; blonde with a good figure and a penchant for wearing stockings. Marc had told me on a few drunken occasions that she was hot, but now, through a mist of red wine, she was beginning to look like a goddess!

"Ok! Did you hear about the blonde hooker and the priest?" I started. I'm sure that my words were becoming slurred.

"Oh no!" Angie cried. "No more! Please, no more!"

Marc and I laughed. Maybe she was right. We had been telling really bad jokes for nearly an hour. We could have gone on but Marc had a better idea.

"Ok, Angie, time for you to tell us a joke!"

"Oh, come on Marc! You know I can't tell jokes. I always get them wrong! How about I tell you a story?"

"What kind of story?" Marc asked drunkenly.

"Well, you guys are always talking about sex. How about the story of my first time?"

I looked up quickly. This was starting to get interesting.

"What, you mean the first time you got..er..I mean the first time you had sex?" I asked.

Angie and Marc looked at each other. A knowing smile was exchanged between them.

"No. Not that sort of first time," Angie continued, "I'll tell you about the first time I had sex with two men at the same time!"

For a moment I was left almost speechless. Marc had made mention of the certain "lifestyle" that he and his wife enjoyed but, to be frank, I had put most of it down to bravado. I had never really believed any of it.

"It all started at a party that I went to just after Marc and I got married," Angie started, "Marc had to work so I went by myself. I knew most people there so I wasn't short of dance partners or people to talk to.

I'd had quite a lot to drink and was dancing with this hunky young guy to a nice slow song. I could feel his hands on my butt as we swayed to the music but I didn't really care."

"You know," Marc suddenly interrupted, "Angie can be a bit of a slut sometimes! Especially when she's had a drink!"

"Only a bit, darling? Oh, you know me better than that!" Angie continued. "Anyway, it wasn't long before the hunky guy asked my if I wanted to go outside for some air. I agreed willingly but was a little surprised to see another guy follow us out."

By this time, I had become completely absorbed in Angie's story and was also developing quite an erection. I urged her to continue.

"Well, we all ended up in a sort of summer-house in the garden. The hunk introduced the second guy as his older brother but by this time I was passed caring. I just wanted to get fucked! It ended up with me kneeling on the floor with the hunk fucking me from behind while I sucked his brother's cock!"

As Angie completed her torrid story, I sat back and exhaled with a gasp.

"Wow, Ang!" was all I managed to say.

"It was a hell of a night!"

"Have you ever done anything like that since?" I asked

"A few times. But always with Marc as a participant. I think he enjoys it nearly as much as I do!"

"Maybe more!" Marc interjected.

"Damn, Marc, that must have been so hot! I wish that I -"

"What? You wish that you could join in too, Dave?" Marc interrupted. "Shouldn't be a problem, should it Angie?"

My head turned back and forth between my two friends like a spectator at a tennis match. Angie was smiling widely. She shrugged and I looked back at Marc.

"You fancy a bit of fun, Dave?" he asked casually.

As my attention was drawn back to his wife, I could see that Angie was slowly undoing her white blouse. I knew that she wasn't wearing anything underneath it but, as the last buttons popped and the garment fell open, I still found myself gasping out loud as her large, soft breasts tumbled free.

"I think Dave likes your tit's, baby!" Marc cried. "Why don't you show him a little more?"

Slack-jawed, I continued watching as Angie stood up. She kicked off her shoes and pulled the short black skirt sexily down her legs and stepped out of it. The panties were next and she smiled at me as she peeled the underwear slowly over her rounded behind and let them slide the rest of the way down to her stockinged feet. I stared at her neatly trimmed vagina and felt my cock grow another notch; she really was a sexy looking slut!

"Why don't we all go into your spare bedroom, Dave?" Angie asked as she stood, hands on hips and pouting slightly.

I led the way. It seemed like a long time since I'd actually spoken and, for fear of saying something totally stupid, I decided to keep it that way!

The spare bed was already made up in anticipation of Angie and Marc staying over and Angie immediately jumped onto the mattress and looked down at Marc and myself.

"Time for you two to get naked!" she cried.

I looked over at my friend to see him already stripping his shirt and undoing his pants. Not wanting to get left behind I began to do likewise. An irritating image of my wife, Coral flitted through my head, but I knew she would be completely comatose by now; a full Roman orgy complete with music and toga's wouldn't have roused her now!

Angie kneeled on the side of the bed making space for Marc and I, now completely nude, to climb up. We sat at the head of the bed and proudly presented to large, erect cocks for her inspection.

"Ohhhhh!!" Angie exclaimed as her hand slipped between her thighs, "two big dicks just for me!"

"Yep, just for you, baby!" Marc laughed, "Why don't you show us something nasty?"

With a smile, Angie sat back on the bed facing us. Her long stockinged legs spread wide and she dipped her middle finger into her mouth to moisten it. Both Marc and I held our erections tightly in our fists and squeezed ourselves as we watched Angie play with herself. Her finger came down from her mouth and towards her pussy. She moaned softly as she parted her labia and gently rubbed across her hard clit. I could see that she was already very wet; as her finger entered and withdrew from her honeypot, the digit glistened with her moisture.

Angie began to masturbate more rapidly as her husband and I looked on. Two fingers penetrated her slippery looking cunt while her thumb rotated ever more quickly over the throbbing nub of her exposed clitoris. Her voice rose in pitch as her other hand squeezed and pulled at her hard nipples while she continued to poke herself; Marc and I could both tell that she was heading for a massive climax.

Angie's orgasm took us all by surprise - even her, I think. He legs trembled and her stockinged toes pointed and curled (a very erotic sight). Her ass rose nearly a foot from the bed and her fingers flashed in and out of her wet hole as the juice began to flow. She moaned and cried out, almost screaming as she came; the climax seeming to last a full three or four minutes.

"Damn! I cum so hard when I know I'm being watched!" Angie breathed as she finally came down from her orgasm. "Now all I wanna do is get me some cock!"

"Right here for ya, sweetie!" Marc laughed, "come and get it!"

In a second, Angie had snuggled up between us on the bed. Her fingers lost no time in reaching out and grasping the two thick tools that were being offered her. I gasped as I felt her cool touch on my shaft; her fingers still wet and sticky with her vaginal fluid.

I felt the silky gossamer of her stockings as she draped a leg over each of us, spreading her legs so that her still leaking cunt was open and her cute ass exposed. 

As Angie expertly manipulated our cocks, I looked over at Marc. His eyes were tight shut and he was moaning softly. I could see his tool throbbing as his wife jerked him and watched as his hips began to buck involuntarily. I knew that sign and was well aware that he was about to cum at any moment. Angie also sensed her husband's impending climax and leaned over him, opening her mouth and swallowing his twitching tool deep into her throat. I heard Marc gasp and buck his hips up towards her. His cock was buried in her mouth to the hilt and he groaned loudly as he started to cum.

I watched Angie's throat muscles contract as she began to swallow her husband's seed. Her eyes closed in an expression of grateful lust as his emission poured out into her mouth. Marc squirmed and twitched as the last remnants of his sperm spurted out and as Angie smacked her lips appreciatively, I could see traces of his cum on her lips.

"Mmmm! That was nice!" Angie exclaimed licking specks of semen from her painted lips, "but what I really need is a big cock inside me! Feel like helping me with that, Dave?"

How could I refuse?

As her husband sat back and continued to massage his surprisingly still hard cock, Angie kneeled on the bed with her cute behind facing me. It occurred to me that this position was almost an exact replica of the one in the story she had told us earlier and I wondered if this was one of her favourites. As if hearing my unasked question, Angie turned her head and whispered to me over her shoulder.

"I love being fucked from behind, Dave. Put your cock in me Dave. Slam it in me deeply!"

No sooner were the words out of her mouth than I was up behind her with my cock throbbing and pointing at her wet open hole. I took a deep breath and eased myself in. I gasped as the heat of her cunt enveloped me and her internal muscles gripped my shaft in a vice-like grip. She was tight; really tight!

I held my breath as I pushed in deeper. I could see Marc becoming quickly aroused again and smiled as I thought of how watching his wife getting fucked by another man turned him on so much. But Marc wasn't prepared to just watch. Kneeling in front of his slut-wife he held her chin up. Angie opened her mouth willingly and accepted his tool deep into her throat again.

Marc and I began to fuck Angie from both ends. One moment I was pushing her forwards with my cock buried in her tight pussy and the next Marc was pushing her back, powerfully thrusting his now solid tool down into her throat. Angie's groans were a mere strangled splutter, but I could tell from the copious amount of fluid that was leaking back onto my cock that she was enjoying an almost continuous orgasm.

I had started slowly but now began to pick up the pace a little. Angie's tight pussy felt wet and slippery as I pounded myself into her body. My hands sought out her hanging breasts and my fingers teased and tweaked the pebble-hard nipples much to her obvious delight and arousal. Marc's hands held her head steady as he deep-fucked her throat with long strokes; grunting with satisfaction every time he thrust into her. It was clear that neither of us would be able to hold out much longer.

"Let's cum on the slut's tits!" Marc suddenly cried.

This idea was fine with me. From my earlier exploration with my hands I knew that Angie had lovely breasts with hard pink nipples. It would be a pleasure to release the contents of my balls on them, I thought!

Angie also seemed impressed with her husband's suggestion and quickly adjusted her position so that she lay back between us. Her hands cupped the swell of her heaving breasts and her fingers flicked almost viciously at the throbbing nipples - I could almost see them change colour to a deep, flushed red.

The sight of Angie's tortured boobs was suddenly too much for me. I felt my balls contract and that feeling that tells you of an impending climax. The rush of adrenalin hit me like a freight train and my sudden release took even me by surprise. 

As soon as I had started to cum, Marc followed me. Angie cooed as our two spurting cocks emptied themselves onto her tits. Having only cum the once, my emission was far stronger than my friends' and several large globs of sperm shot up and coated Angie's face and hair.

The effect on Angie was almost electric. Her back arched and her hips raised as she crashed into yet another deep climax. Marc and I watched her whole body shake as the juice oozed from her abused and open vagina. I could clearly see her clitoris, exposed and hard, as it twitched involuntarily.

By the time we had all recovered it was far too late for Marc and Angeline to return home and they both crawled under the covers to sleep in the spare room. I thought about joining them - as I knew I would be welcome - but the thought of Coral waking in the morning and discovering our little threesome was worrying enough to warrant me returning to my own room and slipping in next to my sleeping wife.

The next morning, Coral was already dressed and downstairs before I awoke. Slowly, and with a the mother and father of all headaches (that seemed intent on making a lot of little baby headaches), I padded down the stairs. The door to the spare bedroom was open and Coral was busy stripping sheets from the empty bed. It seemed that marc and Angie were long gone. 

"God, those two never seem to be able to get enough of each other!" Coral remarked as I stood in the doorway.

"Huh?"

"Angeline and Marc. This bedroom smells like a brothel! You wouldn't think that just two people could have so much sex!"

I quirky little smile crossed my face and I turned towards the kitchen to hide the expression. The thought of having to explain myself then made my head ache worse than ever!

The End