 Bolting for the stairs, the girls reminded me of a couple of squealing kids headed for the pile of presents waiting under the tree on Christmas morning. With tantalizing images of that pair of saucy vixens sharing a shower rampaging around in my head, I shrugged and headed off for a lonely shower. Thanking whatever Gods may be for the afternoon's spectacular round of erotically charged fun and games, I consoled myself with the thought of a cold Sierra Nevada. Note: If you want to read about that afternoon's fun and games, check out the story titled, Saturday's surprise-seduction. After that lonely shower, I returned to the den, sat sipping a beer, and contemplated the possibilities. Considering the upcoming evening's promise of another round of uninhibited debauchery, you bet, I figured switching from Jack Daniel's to beer was a smart move! Sure, because I wanted to make damn sure I could keep up with that pair of insatiable nymphos. Besides, I figured, with the two of them sharing a shower, Hell, I probably had time to finish off an entire six pack!

Who says miracles don't happen? Not me; because apparently the girls were hungry for more then each other's delightfully sexy bodies and soft sensual mouths. Yeah, and I barely believed it myself! Still, there they were, strolling back in arm in arm, and almost before, I'd even finished that first beer! Oh my, and they were both wearing shorts, and sporting tit hugging tank tops. It was instantly obvious there wasn't a bra in the room, and I'd have bet against any panties too! My appreciative grin and low wolf whistle, earned me one of Jackie's truly lascivious smiles. Sure, but, I figure it was my look of shocked surprise at their quick return that she just couldn't resist commenting on. "What's with the look honey," she asked? I expected to hear something like, "I told you we'd hurry, didn't I?" Sure, only her, "OK, and so what if I had to bribe Jan to keep her from practically raping me right there in the shower," left me, well lets say, somewhat slack-jawed!

Curiosity piqued, I wondered, bribed, now just what the fuck does she mean by that? Oh the possibilities!

No doubt about it, Jan's derisive snort went well with her theatrically sarcastic "Yeah right!" Gosh, but then her "Alex darling, your wife is a total sex fiend," wasn't exactly news! Yup, and as far as I was concerned her snickered "Yeah, and she's utterly insatiable besides," was a classic case of the pot calling the kettle black!

Without missing a beat, Jackie blatted a less then lady like raspberry in Jan's direction. Who cared, because chuckling merrily, she danced in to my arms, and gave me a steamy little kiss. Sure, and things were just beginning to stir in my shorts, when she spun around and right back out of my arms. I might have complained, except, she reached out and latched on to Jan's noticeably protruding nipples. Then, with a squeeze and a twist, she teased, "So who's the sex fiend? Come on now, these puppies have been popped right out ever since you got here this afternoon! So Jan honey, I'll just hold on to these deliciously pointy little things until you tell Alex what you wanted for your little bribe, OK?"

Hands on her hips, Jan tried to stare Jackie down, but she just couldn't contain her giggling, or her squirming either. With Jackie grinning impishly, and going right on sweetly torturing her nipples, Jan confessed, "OK, OK, I made her promise she'd get you to stop off at that erotic boutique she's always talking about! Ouch, hey, oh you wicked little bitch; it was all your idea! Really, who thought it would be great fun for us to pick out some toys? What was it you said...oh yeah, just a little something for dessert?"

Stepping closer, Jan brushed a kiss across Jackie's lips, sighed exaggeratedly, and said, "Jackie baby, if you keep that up...well, the only thing you'll be getting for dinner is some hot pussy!" Then, after flashing me an evil grin, she added "Yeah, and if that big bulge in Alex's shorts means anything, some lovely thick, and delightfully hard cock too!"

A confirming glance left Jackie cooing, "Oh my, you're so right darling! Gosh, maybe we just better get him out of here while we still can!" With that settled, they set off arm in arm toward the garage. What else could I do, but trail along in their wake? 

With me behind the wheel of our Jeep Cherokee, Jackie riding shotgun, and Jan kneeling between the seats, we headed out. Even if it wasn't far to our favorite Sushi Bar, it was far enough for Jan to reach for trouble. Trouble being the suddenly wide awake cock her mischievous hand quickly had wanting something more then just a teasing caress! Jan was tugging on my zipper, when horrors, Jackie knocked her hand away, with a giggled "Oh no, none of that!" What, did Jackie really feel safer with me trying to keep one eye on the road, while the other one watched Jan's hand sensuously stroking it's way up bare thigh and in to her shorts? Seriously, that left me with just one eye to watch a wandering hand push up under Jackie's tank top, and close around one of her perfect size 36 C tits? Oh well, we made it to the restaurant, enjoyed a fine meal, and way too many warm saki's and cold Sapporo's!

The restaurant was crowded, and I guess you could say the girls behaved themselves! Well you could, if you have a real loose definition of behaved! Well, their visit to the Ladies room seemed to go on long enough to qualify it as a romantic weekend; but At least it left me plenty of time to enjoy another Sapporo! Uh-huh and when they did saunter back to our table, the wicked little devils both glowed with a bright flush! Sounding suspiciously breathless Jackie insisted "Come on stud, lets blow this joint!" Yeah, and I was pretty sure something more then saki accounted for her tittering giggles! Watching them weave a meandering path through the restaurant, and on out to the Jeep, I decided, yup, their definitely a teensy-weensy bit on the tipsy side of things!

Unhappy to discover that I wasn't going to have a tittering sex crazed tart riding shotgun, I watched both giggling nymphos pour themselves in to the back seat. What could I do? Well, I thanked the Gods again, this time for rear view mirrors. I was thinking that it was a good thing it was only a couple of blocks to that sex boutique. Seriously, I couldn't see anything, anything that mattered anyway, in that damn mirror! Not that it mattered, because we never made it that far. Nope, with a change of plan on her wickedly indulgent mind, Jackie popped up beside me. Hey, and to my surprise she still had her shorts and top on. OK, and so what, if her lipstick happened to be smeared like a shot of cum across her face? In a voice smoky with passion and just a hint of giggle, she declared, "Hey Alex, we want ice cream!" Honestly, my mind was doing another one of those huh things, when she petulantly asked, "Yeah, so isn't there an ice cream parlor, or something, along here somewhere?" There was, and by coincidence, or maybe just by plain old dumb luck, it was dead ahead, and practically right across the street from our friendly neighborhood adult boutique.

I led the way, held the door, and the three of us walked; OK maybe it was stumbled, in to the ice cream parlor. Following the girls to the counter, I was relieved to see that we were alone. Yup, except for the young High School aged looking guy behind the counter, the place was deserted. Man oh man; I swear that kid's grin could have swallowed his entire face! Never mind that, the lucky guy's eyes were already making like a tennis ball, busily bouncing back and forth between a double set of barely restrained breasts, and their quartet of noticeably erect nipples. His eye's finally darted my way, so I gave him a, why not grin, and a, what can you do, shrug of my shoulders? Meanwhile, the girls went right on shamelessly flirting! The surprise was, somehow they were managing to keep their hands to themselves!

The ladies did eventually get around to ordering. Jan got a hot fudge sundae, and it was a double scoop of Rocky Road for Jackie. Knowing Jackie, I figured Freudian; you know nuts and marshmallow! Anyway, what can I say, I was getting such a kick out of watching the poor befuddled guy's valiant effort to thoroughly ogle those two incorrigible teases that I almost forgot to order!

Collecting my scoop of mint-chocolate chip, I joined the girls, sliding in to the booth across from them. It was a good thing that one eyed snake hiding out in my shorts couldn't see what Jackie's tongue did to her ice cream cone! The poor thing would have been jealous; hell, it already wanted to come out and play! Oh, and then there's what Jan's tongue did to a poor unsuspecting plastic spoon innocently loaded with hot fudge! Fuck, I expected to see that spoon melt; hey, Jackie's cone sure had! When the imps weren't deliberately teasing the lucky guy stuck behind that counter, they were making out like a couple of High School kids. Oh Hell yes, you bet he was watching the show, I mean why else would his eyes have been bugging out? Hey, come to think of it; so were mine!

Together we watched Jackie half turn, ostentatiously checking to make sure they had an audience. That did it; yup, the game was afoot! Jan reached out and tugged Jackie's top up, exposing a dazzling pair of rosy tipped, perkily upturned tits. Thank God it's late, I thought, at least we're the only ones in the place!

Jackie leaned back against Jan, kept her eyes locked on the counter boy, and let Jan caress the soft silky roundness of her tits. By the time Jan's fingers went to work on her stiffly jutting nipples, Jackie was already moaning softly. Moans became groans of pleasure; and then throaty growls demanding "Oh God yes, do that...yes darling...pinch them hard...yes, hard...oh yes, I love that!"

To me it looked like, that, meant Jan was trying to twist Jackie's nipples right off her tits! Always the flirt, Jackie threw that poor flustered guy a wave; and then, she gently pushed Jan's hands away. Yanking her shirt back down, she turned and crushed Jan's mouth under a suffocating, ferocious looking kiss.

They started whispering, and oh yeah, I knew it was time for me to get nervous! Whatever wicked plot they were hatching, apparently it required plenty of giggling and some nasty snickering too. Afraid to look, I buried my head in my hands. OK, sure I was peeking, listening too, when Jan squirmed her way over Jackie, and did a hip swinging strut over to the counter. Jan licked her lips, stared at his name tag, and finally said, "Hi Roger, I'm Jan, and the bitch with the gorgeous tits over there is Jackie! Hey, and you can just ignore her husband!" A lip licking little pause, and she told the wide-eyed guy "Anyway, Jackie and me have a plan; so roger, it's your call! So, what's it going to be, heads or tails?" Teasing a protruding nipple between a thumb and finger, she stood there, head cocked, and stared at the poor confused guy,

Not being the sort of girl who wait on the sideline, Jackie sauntered over and came up behind Jan. Reaching around she brushed Jan's hand away, admonishing "Stop that; how's the guy supposed to come up with an answer, with you standing there playing with yourself? "

Oh sure, I thought, like he's going to do any better watching you teas you're fucking nipples! Still Jackie did insist, "Hey, come on Roger, choose, heads or tails! Either way you win, honest, really you do!"

The poor befuddled kid looked my way, with an expression that pleaded, help! Happy to help, I gave him a grin and the thumbs-up. Only I couldn't help thinking; come on girls, staring at the bulge in the poor boy's pants isn't going to help him come up with an answer! Pardon me, but honest, I blushed when Jackie turned to say, "Hey Alex, it looks like Roger has a real big one there in his pants! Fuck me, its sure looks real hard anyway!"

I was wondering just what the fuck was going through his head, when he finally got out his answer. I figured, "Oh shit wow, you two are...ah...well, like smoking hot," was a pretty good way to start! Then, sounding like a guy who actually knew what he was doing, he announced,"OK then, heads it is!"

Jan whooped, and threw her arms up in a victory salute! Poor Jackie, pouty lip in place, she slunk back to our booth. Not that I was buying in to that pouty lip thing, not hardly!

No worries; Jackie's saucy smile was back, and even before she slid on to my lap. Looking up at me, she squirmed, rotating that sexy ass of hers over a cock ready to burst right out of my shorts. That was before I kissed her! Apparently though, she was only visiting! Still, that kiss was delivered hot and sizzling, and it came with a generous helping of wickedly darting tongue too! Damn though, she was up and off my lap, while my hands were still reaching for her pretty tits. By then, Jan had already ducked around behind the counter, and was whispering something to Roger. Jackie stopped with a jutted hip leaning against the counter, and focused her attention on Jan.

Her hands resting lightly on Roger's shoulders Jan was whispering in to his ear. Whatever nastiness she was suggesting, the poor guy was blushing like a virgin long before Jackie impatiently insisted "Come on Darling, lets see some action!"

Roger was practically stuttering as he pleaded "OK, OK sure, only shit, at least let me flip on the closed sign!"

A fist pump, a whooped, "Yes," and a giggling Jan leaned back in to brush a quick kiss across the startled guy's mouth. Then with a pat to the ass, and a playful shove, she hurried him along with a breathy "Hurry baby, don't keep me waiting!"

Roger rounded the counter, and Jackie hurried him along with a not so playful smack to the ass. Anxious; who Roger? Well let's just say that the guy was already headed back around the counter, and almost before Jan could get settled on to her knees.

Hey, but unfortunately from my seat, yeah way over in the booth, all I could see was the top of Jan's head. You bet, I stood up, ice cream cone in hand, and watched her stroke a hand over the impressive bulge tenting Roger's pants. His nervous eyes darted back and forth, skipping past me as he tried to keep an eye on both Jan's busy fingers and the store's front window. That stopped when his zipper came down; after that, I'm pretty sure all he saw was Jan's hand reaching for him! We were both watching when Jan's hand slid in to his pants, reappearing with a damn respectable sized cock in tow. Poor Jackie, her enthusiastic "Yes," was quickly followed by a wistful groan! Then, egging Jan on, she exhorted "Oh you lucky bitch, go for it darling! Oh Hell yes, don't just kneel there looking at that lovely thing!"

Jan was busily pumping a fist up and down Roger's cock, when she turned her wicked grin on Jackie. There was more then just a hint of excited anticipation in her Smokey "Oh, what a yummy cock...ooh, and just look at how thick it is...umm, and that huge head, wow!"

That was the end of Jan's wickedly teasing grin though! Yup, it disappeared, when her lips closed around the undeniably impressive sized head of that guy's cock. Yeah, I suppose it's hard to keep grinning while you're sliding your lips down a thick length of hard cock! The tart took it all in one smooth swoop too! She barely paused, before her slithering lips started back up. Then, reminding me of Jackie with her ice cream cone, Jan worked her tongue over that thick cock's mushroom shaped head. She was only using the flicking tip of her tongue, and still she had the damn thing jumping and jerking. I figured, keep that shit up, and that cock's going to melt even faster then Jackie's frozen treat did! Uh-huh, and when it does, the spurting treat you collect sure isn't going to be served cold and smothered in hot fudge!

Impressed, I watched as Jan, still holding tight to Roger's ass, rapidly pistoned her mouth up and down the full rigid length of his cock. Looking an awful lot like she was thoroughly enjoying that fat cock's even fatter head she started to let it pop out past her lips, before driving her mouth back down, and swallowing it over and over again! Eyes wide and flashing with mischievous delight, she stopped, her cheeks hollowing as she sucked greedily on that mushroom shaped head., When the wicked teas began to pop it in and out of her mouth, Roger and I groaned in unison. Hot damn, I was envious! You bet, because wow, she really looked sensational bobbing her head, popping that darkly glistening thing in and out of her mouth, not to mention sensationally erotic!

Suddenly, a very excited sounding Jackie was clapping, and gleefully whooping, "You go girl...but watch it darling!" I figured she rather unnecessarily added her warning "Yeah get ready...that boys all ready to cum!"

Seriously, one look at that guy's face, and uh-huh, he was ready to blow alright! Her timing perfect, just as Roger reached for her head, Jan slammed her mouth down, driving the big head of his cock deep in to her throat. I watched and listened, getting a kick out of his gasps and jerky shuddering, while the poor boy vainly struggled to thrust, trying desperately to fuck Jan's mouth. No way, hands still holding fast to his ass, she held him deep throated. That's the way she took him, swallowing every bit of cum he enthusiastically pumped right past her mouth, and right on in to her throat. Of course, there was Jackie, clapping, whooping, and excitedly insisting, "All of it, oh you bitch, swallow every drop!"

Maybe he wanted more; but honestly, it sure didn't look like it to me! Anyway, the poor guy was squirming like he was being mercilessly tickled or something. Gosh, and all Jan was doing was innocently sucking; yeah while she slowly teased her lips all the long way back up the gleaming length of Roger's cock. Right, and then with a jerk of her head, she let the flaring head of his cock pop out of her mouth. half way to limp or not, when her tongue shot out, lapping up the trickle of cum leaking out of that wetly glistening cock's still darkly engorged head, it jerked, almost as if Jan's tongue had delivered a wicked little shock. Looking definitely pleased with herself, Jan hopped to her feet, and brushed a kiss across Roger's cheek. A sly grin proclaiming her obvious sense of smug satisfaction, Jan leisurely strolled back around the counter. Yup, but then she threw herself in to Jackie's arms. Then, predictably, they both completely lost it!

Shaking my head, and wondering what Roger made of their raucous, out of control laughter, I got up and walked over. "Hey guy, don't sweat it," I told him! "Really, their not laughing at you; nope, their just a couple of nuts!"

Maybe it helped, who knows, because the guy just stood there, looking dazed and confused. Right, not that I could blame him! Anyway, I hustled the girls towards the door. After they stopped giggling long enough to blow Roger a pair of kisses, I actually got them through it.

Not surprisingly, the girls hadn't forgotten! Nope, and orders received, I pulled in across the street at the erotic boutique. Oh sure, only they insisted I wait in the car, while they shopped. OK fine, I thought! Why not; after all, I like surprises! Uh-huh, and you bet I hoped that before the night was over, I'd encounter a few more of the more interesting sort!

It only seemed like forever, before they stumbled out of the store arm in arm. They almost made it to the Jeep, before being consumed by an all out fit of the giggles. Jackie pulled open the Jeep's door, and tossed in the bag of goodies she'd been carrying, snickering "No peeking honey!" Then, still giggling like a pair of teenagers, they scrambled in to the Jeep's rear seat. Popping up beside me, Jackie asked "Hey, and how does a little party in our Jacuzzi sound?"

Tell you what; if you ever catch me passing up a chance to party with a pair of over sexed hotties, in or out of a Jacuzzi, its time to bury me! Sure, and before I'd finished that thought, never mind getting out my enthusiastic "Oh Hell yes," Jackie had disappeared. Yeah, and I hadn't even made it out of the parking lot before a pair of shorts and a tank top landed in my lap.
