 We cooled it off for most of the following week, getting to the beach each day at lunch for an hour or so, but otherwise it was rather uneventful. On Friday I gave C a sheer white g-string to wear and it was quite the sight as she walked along the lakeshore. Even from a few feet away it was quite clear that she was sporting a bald beaver and her slit was fairly evident. Being topless het breasts were completely exposed and she was now wearing one inch rings through the piercings in them which drew even more attention to them. whenever she walked, her tits jiggled and the rings did too. 

Her period started on Saturday, so it was pretty much a cooldown week following. On Wednesday she insisted on stopping by at lunchtime to give me a blowjob and much to my surprise she brought along a friend Sandy who just sat and watched while C unzipped my pants, extracted my cock and proceeded to suck away on it for the next twenty minutes until I came, squirting a nice big load of goo into her mouth as she held me just far enough away that Sandy could see the jets of jizz as they erupted from my glans. She swallowed like a good girl and then they were gone. 

The following Saturday I picked her up mid afternoon. When I arrived, she was naked and ready to go with an overnight bag of cosmetics and miscellaneous packed and ready to go. We selected a couple pair of shoes and then I handed her her attire, a simple silk teddy pale celadon in color. she slipped it on and adjusted the straps. No jewelry adorned her nipples and they made lovely forms in the supple fabric. She donned the high heel sandals and we headed out. 

For some reason it was a busy afternoon at her apartment building. We encountered several people in the hall and again on the walk from the building to the car. The teddy had high cut legs, but wasn't particularly revealing. On the other hand it was clearly lingerie that she was prancing around in and everyone took notice.

I told her I had a couple errands I needed to take care of and we headed out. The first stop was at a dry cleaner's where I had her take some things in for me while I remained behind in the car to watch as she strode across the parking lot, disappeared inside, then reappeared a few minutes later with the receipt slip in hand, breasts jiggling away. 

Next we parked about fifty feet from a mailbox and I handed her some mail to pop in it. This was almost at the corner of a very busy intersection, so plenty of people saw her out with nothing more than a few ounces of silk concealing her treasures. One car honked as it passed. When she got back in the car she was breathing heavily with excitement. I laughed and started the car up. C settled in for the long ride ahead. 

Our destination was six hours away and she spent most of the time curled up asleep with the seat laid back. Still, every once in a while as we passed a trucker you could tell that they could see my little bundle of half naked sensuality lying there. A couple times I reached over and stroked her gently so that she would move a little or stretch in her sleep. Occasionally she would wind up in a position that left the teddy shifted aside just enough to allow me tantalizing glimpses of a nipple or her pussy.

Dusk was upon us as we neared the end of the trip and almost on cue she awoke. Groggily she asked "How much longer?" I replied that we were almost there and that perhaps she should change. I'd left a bag with clothes within easy reach and directed her to it. Inside she found what would be her first outfit for the evening, a black lycra tube dress. She shimmied out of the teddy and into the dress. Her nipples were extremely prominent and the hem came barely past her puss. While not being transparent it gave the illusion of being so. There was a bright red satin g-string which she pulled on and her black fuckme pumps finished things off just nicely. 

We pulled into the parking area and there were already thirty five or forty cars. Another couple was heading to the front door of the complex of low lying structures as we climbed out. I got the bag of extra items from the trunk and we followed where they had gone. Inside there was a sign-in table and the sound of loud music came from deep inside.

I had been to The Ranch a number of times before. Just off the main entry was the social hub of the place with a good sized dance floor, a thirty foot bar that returned on both ends, an area with a couple dozen tables a small stage with a stripper pole, and a DJ booth (although it was often appropriately referred to as the BJ booth). I steered C toward the bar and when Gary the bartender greeted us I handed him the bottles of rum and prosecco I had brought. He immediately fixed me a rum gimlet and poured C a glass of bubbly.

Leaving her at the bar, I made my way back to the locker area where I secured our bag of other things. It was already beginning to heat up. A naked couple was going at it on one of the benches and several people were looking on, mostly males with their dicks in their hands wanking away and hoping to get lucky too. When I realized it was Rick and Nancy whom I'd played with in the past, I bent over and planted a deep tongue filled kiss on her lips while he continued to plow her from his half upright position. She moaned and made me promise to find her later.

Returning to the bar, a couple had already introduced themselves to C and the three of them were chatting away as they watched a dozen or so people out on the dance floor. The Electric Slide turned into Who Let The Dogs Out into You can Leave Your Hat On. An industrious and voluptuous brunette had actually come prepared with a hat and by the end of the number was naked save for it. She sported huge dark nipples and a thick dark bush. Soon after she and her companion disappeared into the back area of the club.

C had perched herself on a stool and every once in a while the dress would ride up such that various individuals would be afforded a glimpse of her scarlet clad snatch. She knew exactly what she was doing and played it for all that it was worth. Gary smiled appreciatively when it was his turn for a sneak peek. Noticing our glasses were almost empty, he offered refills and we eagerly accepted.

I suggested we go explore. There were several routes out of the main hall. One led to a short corridor with restrooms, another to a longer one with five private rooms off it. No single males were permitted down this corridor unless accompanied by a couple. We checked it out and found three rooms with the doors open and no one in them, one closed door and another with a dutch style door, the upper half of which was open and the lower closed. A woman with largish breasts was being ministered to by three guys. She was on her back with a cock in each hand and another being rammed in and out of her twat. We watched for a few minutes and I fondled C's breasts through the stretchy fabric of her dress. 

We then headed for the third way out of the main room. A lounge immediately off it had a long modular sofa with several young couples parked on it. One pair was dry humping as they watched porn on a big monitor but otherwise it was pretty tame. The locker room lay beyond and a billiards room to one side. The other way led to another corridor off which was a large communal bathroom area with several shower stalls and the hot tub area which featured a huge tub that could probably hold thirty people as well as a smaller one better suited for a half dozen. There were ten or twelve people in the large one and one lonely couple in the smaller. 

Doubling back through the lounge a different corridor passed by a room with walls full of holes, some at perfect height for gloryholes, others higher to permit fondling higher and some more appropriate just for voyeuring. We watched a woman enter, strip naked and beckon to two men to join her. They took turns eating her out and having their cocks sucked before the three gathered up their clothes and disappeared toward a private room.

Moving along further we passed by several "themed" rooms: a barn room, a dungeon, a doctor's office complete with exam table and stirrups, and a room that was totally black with no lights, just a gigantic mattress. No one was playing in any of these so we continued along. Many more rooms lay beyond, some with signs that said 'couples only" or "four or more only" or "door MUST remain open". Two rooms were large communal areas with huge mattresses in the middle and seating around the perimeter. It was early enough in the evening that there wasn't too much going on in any of these places.

Our drinks were empty by this time and we decided to head back for refills. There were lots of sexy looks, but few approached the sultry aura that C emitted as we wandered along. The tautness of the fabric made her breasts dance in a very different manner than usual. Instead of the fluid up and down bounce that usually resulted when she walked in heels without the encumbrance of a bra, this was more of a side to side wiggle. She garnered lots of appreciative looks, both male and female.

Gary filled us back up as I checked out the main room again. The crowd had grown considerably. I would guess it was now up to a couple hundred people with a ratio of probably three men to every two women. The dancing was getting bawdier and you could tell that the alcohol was beginning to work it's magic. 

After C had taken a few sips I steered her away from the bar and back to the locker room. It was time for a change of attire. She peeled off the dress and g-string and I handed her a sheer black bodystocking. It was an incredible look for her with small straps at the top and a seam that ran straight down the front to her crotch and back up the other side. The seam nestled right into her kittyslit, disguising it but her tits were very visible through the sheer fabric.

We headed back to the main room and then I spent the next hour parading her around like that. We watched all sorts of coupling going on, much of it involving groups of one woman and several men. Often a husband or boyfriend looked on, acting as a referee and keeping things somewhat under control. Other women were also starting to change into sexier attire or shed items of clothing. 

As we stood and watched two couples swapping back and forth in a room, we struck up a conversation with another pair. There were slim and well turned out, he in a polo shirt and khakis, she at that point in black lace bra and panties. Their names were Ted and Carol and when we headed on in different directions we agreed to try to connect again later. 

The hot tubs were filling up. We watched as several women got eaten out as they sat up on the edge, feet in the water. On the deck a somewhat plump woman appeared to be in seventh heaven as a much younger man fondled her feet and sucked on her toes while she masturbated herself. 

We continued to tour for the next forty five minutes. I was approaching twelve o'clock and the place was really beginning to hop. There was that unique buzz in the air that you only find at swing clubs when they're packed and the chemistry is all perfect. Everyone had one common thing on there mind and that was a desperate need to fuck. 

As we headed again for the locker room we passed through the lounge. The same group was still there but this time half of the clothing had disappeared and instead of dry humping three of the women were semi naked and straddling their partners with cocks buried deep in their quims. One of the other pair was deeply engrossed in some serious cocksucking and the final couple were just getting out of their clothes. 

This time I had C change into a skimpy little black lace garterbelt, stockings and heels. I produced a new pair of rings to wear through her nipple piercings and once they were in place, I fastened a little bell to each. I stripped down to a pair of tight fitting black bikini briefs that nicely displayed both my cockbulge and buns.

We headed back to the bar. Most of the crowd in the main room stays dressed (well, at least sort of) leaving us much more exposed than any others. Gary grinned broadly when he saw C with her tits and twat so brazenly on display. When she saw his reaction she puffed her chest out and shook her tits side to side, jiggling the bells as she did. They were inaudible with the loud music, but Gary and everyone else around took great delight in the visual treat. He poured her the last of the bottle of prosecco. I asked for a tonic water and ice for that round.

The bar had been quite crowded but access magically appeared for us. We stood right at the bar for a while sipping our beverages. I played with C's tits a bit and then slid a hand slowy down her body, first to fondle her ass and then to wander between her legs and cup her crotch. I switched to just my middle finger and began to stroke her now juicy slit. I teased her clit a little and slowly stuffed the finger into her fuckhole about half an inch. 

She wiggled and squirmed, wanting more of it inside her but I wasn't about to allow her that pleasure. Instead I withdrew it and tickled her love button a little more. All this time she had been facing the bar and leaning on it. I spun her and I around so that I was leaning with my back against the bar and she was fully exposed to everyone that was watching (and just about everyone was). I resumed my fingerwork on her clit and at the same time clutched her left breast and ground my groin against her backside. She writhed in enjoyment and closed her eyes. A moaning sort of sound came from deep inside somewhere and I could feel her body temperature rising.

One of the onlookers stepped forward, a striking creature with long dark hair dressed in a glittery minidress. She extended her middle finger and placed her hand just beneath mine, then slowly inserted the finger in C's cunt. C opened her eyes at that point and stared intently into the woman's deep dark eyes as she fingerfucked her while I continued to attend to her clit. C moved her body up and down almost imperceptively at first, but then with more and more vigor as she approached her climax. Eventually she let out a banshee cry, her knees buckled, and she clamped her thighs tightly around the hand with the finger inside her. She bucked and shook for several minutes in a thundering orgasm. 

Slowly she came back to her senses and there was a round of applause from the room. Our new friend withdrew her finger then sucked C's juices from it. I held C close, largely supporting her until she had her composure back, then passed her her glass, from which she took a sip before looking at me with eyes wide and a filthy smile across her face. The other woman had disappeared.

C excused herself, saying that she needed to mop up a bit. When she returned, she finished off the prosecco and then I steered her away from the bar. We started another tour of the place.

She was the focus of a lot of attention as we strutted about. I was getting extremely horny from all that we had seen and the general atmosphere. The lounge had cleared out some but the back rooms were now full of people in various states of undress. At one point we stopped to watch a group of six playing on one of the large beds. thirty or so others stood around watching intently as they rolled around sucking cocks and eating pussies. 

I slid my briefs off and put a hand on C's shoulder, directing her downward. She sank to squatting position and drew my member into her mouth. I continued to watch the group as she sucked away. A few people took notice and alternated watching between the group and us.

At one point, a sweet faced blonde in the group of six caught a glimpse of us and then proceeded to focus her attention on my cock sliding in and out of C's lips as she herself was getting pounded doggy style. 

She just kept watching. The fact that she seemed more intent on what we were doing than the fact that she herself was being fucked was a real turn-on. I pulled my dick away from C's mouth and said "Stay here." Then I walked the ten paces to where the blonde was with my raging hard-on bobbing away as I did. I put it right in her face and she eagerly opened her mouth to take it. 

The guy pounding away at her smiled at me and gave me a thumbs up. We went on like that for a while. I looked over at C and she was watching every move, every thrust. The other guy pulled out of the blonde and asked if I wanted a turn. Someone handed me a condom and I pulled it over my engorged dick then positioned myself between her legs and thrust it into her gaping maw. The other guy peeled his condom off and presented his cock for her oral enjoyment.

When I was almost ready to come I withdrew and peeled off my condom then headed back over to where C stood patiently waiting. I had no idea where my briefs had gone at that point and didn't really care. I love walking around sporting an erection and right then I was in seventh heaven.

We explored some more. Everywhere we went people were fucking, sometimes just couples sometimes in groups. At one point a guy approached us and asked if we wanted to play. I told him to lose the boxers he was wearing and once he was out of them instructed C to kneel down and suck his cock. She did so and in no time at all was rewarded with a mouthful of creamy white jizz. She swallowed and suddenly another cock appeared which she also then serviced. We were right in the middle of a hallway and guy after guy got lucky. She must have taken on a dozen before things eased up and we moseyed on along. 

In the lounge we saw the sultry number in the gold minidress from earlier in the evening. We approached her and I again instructed C to go to her knees. I slipped around behind M's. minidress raised it to her waist. As I had suspected, she was not wearing panties and presented a gorgeous bald pussy right in C's face. C leaned forward and began to kiss and lick. Ms. M. held C's head and I ran my cock first up the crack between her asscheeks and then between her thighs, sliding it across her pussylips but not in. C's tongue found the tip of it and licked away the precum that was oozing from it. 

Ms. M was deeply aroused and came once C resumed her tongue to clit attention, but then hollered "Fuck me - PLEASE FUCK ME! Stick that thing inside me and FUCK ME!" We were in the lounge and there were condoms in bowls all over the place. C fetched one for me and stretched it into place. Ms. M bent over and C guided my swollen member into M's vagina. I immediately set up a rhythm and also guided the dress up and off her deeply tanned frame. She had spectacular natural c cups that dangled nicely and wobbled and bounced as I rammed away at her with her now leaning against the back of the sofa. C stood behind me and reached between my legs to fondle my ballsac. It was wonderful.

M was getting more and more agitated and as she did I could feel my own orgasm approaching. Suddenly she clenched my rod tightly with the walls of her uterus and let out a stream of "Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, FUCK, FUCK, FUCK, OH YES FUCK!" My balls throbbed in C's hand as I too came, buried deep inside that hot juicy hole. 

Once we both stopped twitching I slid out of her and C peeled the condom off and then licked me clean. M pressed herself against me and kissed me long deep and hard before retrieving her dress and disappearing. C and I continued on, exploring all the various rooms and hallways for the next hour or more. Every so often I would instruct her to squat or kneel and either suck a cock that had presented itself or a pussy that I thought needed some attention. A couple times we shared a pussy and I got in another good long hard fuck in a couples room with Carol while Ted did C. Actually, I fucked Carol while holding C and he fucked C while holding Carol which was pretty cool. 
