 It's a quiet Saturday evening. Not quite dark, far from stormy. It was a kinda warm summer evening though. That's me. I'm Eddie. I'm the one with the blue shirt and blue shorts. Right now, I'm on my way to my friend Wendy's house. I have to tell you, if you've seen her, she's almost like the woman of your dreams. (well, if you're into full-figured women anyways like I am.) Large voluptuous breasts, nice ass, a pussy that's constantly wet and ready and, from what I heard, a sexual drive that most men can't even keep up with. I always wondered what it would be like to make love to a woman like her, but we're just good friends. Nothing more than that. We go out to clubs and dance the night away and stuff like that, but nothing majorly intimate, you know? I finally get to her door after about twenty minutes. (though it seemed like an eternity) I knock on the door a couple of times. The door opened and I saw Wendy wearing nothing more than a beautiful smile and a see through red nightgown. She had nice flowing blonde hair that seemed to go on forever, but it only went about midway down her back. She invites me in and we sit down on the couch. Wendy lives with a roommate, Shannon. As it turns out, Shannon's already left for the evening. She's got a hot date with someone she met at the club. Usually, I would see Wendy dressed and ready to go out. She had her makeup on, hair done, perfume on, but she's still in her nightie. Maybe she's wearing that out tonight. Maybe she's not even going out at all. Maybe she has other plans or something. These thoughts distracted me for a bit when I suddenly was tapped on the shoulder.

"Hey, want something to eat?" she said.

"No thanks. Nothing for me," I said with a shy but cute voice.

"Cool, but I thought that you would care for a little dessert," she said with a voice so sexy and confident. "You want me baby?"

Not that I needed to think about it or anything, but before I could even answer, she was slowly sliding off her see-through nightgown. Out came out the most voluptuous, perfect breasts that I have ever seen in my life. They were already diamond hard and I couldn't help but notice that she had nipple rings. I didn't have anything against nipple rings or anything, but I figured that they turned her on. 

Before I could react, Wendy pulled me close to her and gave me the most passionate kiss I've ever had. It was like my tongue was not even moving at all and her wet, juicy tongue took over. I just tried to follow in rhythm what her tongue was doing. It darted in and out of my mouth and occasionaly teased my lips.

"Mmmmmmm, you're so good and sweet," she whispered as she finally released me. "I've bet you've done this before." The truth was I haven't. Well, not to her. I mean, I've thought of it. I mean, we all fantasize about doing a friend of ours, right?

"Well, um, once or twice, um, I mean, not that much, but you know.... can I kiss you again? It felt really good." I dreamed about kissing her full juicy lips, but wow! This is better than I imagined. Before I could keep stammering and stuttering, Wendy pulled me to her and we kissed even longer and more passionately than last time. I was noticably turned on. And it didn't take long for her to notice either.

"Did I just make somebody very happy in their pants?" she said with a surprised look. Well, she tried to look surprised. It wasn't the first time she looked at my hard-on through my pants, but it's gonna be a first of seeing it in the flesh.

"I think so, luscious," I said with a slightly evil grin. I knew what she was up to, I'm just playing along. She wasted little time and grabbed ahold of my meat. She started stroking it through my pants. She reached down to unbutton them as she kissed me again, but I went ahead and did it myself. It sprung out, rock hard, eight inches of it. 

"Wow! You're even bigger than I imagined!" she said, again trying to downplay her state of shock. 

"I didn't think I was this big either!" 

Now I'm downplaying my size, but then again, I always have. I've always considered myself average. Not too big, not too small, but the few times I've had sex, I've always seemed to get the job done. 

She held my hand and placed it on her very soft bosoms. We squeezed them together slowly and in a very smooth and sexy motion. I could tell she was getting turned on. She moaned and screamed in ecstacy. I put my mouth in one of her nipples and sucked on them. Wendy pushed my head closer and closer to her (like it could get any closer, but I didn't mind at all.) and I sucked as hard, but as soft, as I could. 

"Mmmmmm, you're soooooo gooooooood," she moaned. "Just like that, baby. Mmmmmmm, you're making me sooooo wet!!! Wanna feel?"

"More than anything, my love." As I kept sucking on her nipples, I reached down to her sweet smelling, very wet, very juicy pussy. My finger was quite wet even before I even put a finger in. (turns out she's a squirter. and my, oh my, she was a squirter! I wondered how long it took for me to make her cum like that. Maybe it was the anticipation of this moment. Maybe it was how I was sucking on her nipples. Maybe...

"Mmmmmmmmm, ooohhhhhh Goooooddddddd, please finger me baby! I need it now!!!!!!!! Fuck my pussy with your finger and tongue!!!" I didn't want to leave her very hard nipples, but I had to taste her sweet pussy for myself. 

I lowered my head down to the sweet, irresistable smell of sex. Her pussy very wet, I didn't hesistate to lick all her sweet juices. I teased her clit, which was already hard from me fingering it, but it made me wonder a little if she played with herself before I got here. (not that I cared one way or the other.) I wasted little time and I sucked on her clit as if it was the best ice cream I've ever had. It tastes so good. I didn't want to stop. I fingered her faster and faster and I could see her cum squirting out of her pussy. I licked faster and faster and I was all over her pussy, not just her clit. It was like a huge release for her that she would cum so much so fast. It was like she hasn't done it in years!

"Baby, I'm gonna cum!!!!!!!" she screamed as huge streams of cum squirted out of her onto my face and chest. Wendy pushed my head toward her pussy and I licked all the sweet juices my tongue could reach. "Mmmmmm, I loooooovvvvvveeeeee yyyyyyooooouuuuuu bbbbbbaaaaaabbbbbbbbyyyyy!!!!! I love how you made me cum!!!!! No guy ever made me cum like that before!!!!!!" I was a bit surprised at her response. I mean, I did good and all, but the best ever? That made me blush. I mean, like red in the face blush. (though you probably can't tell the difference.)

"Lay down. I gotta give you something," she said with a wink and what I think may have been the biggest evil grin I've ever seen. I knew what she had in mind. Seconds later, Wendy kneeled next to the couch and grabbed on to my rather large cock. She began with a slow stroke. I heard that she's a bit of a tease. It didn't take me long to get hard, only because I was just about hard already. She began to pump a little faster, but not too fast so as to make me cum early. She swirled just the top of my dick with her tongue. I was gasping, in my mind almost begging her to take it in her mouth. I could feel the hot air from her mouth on me. It only made me more intense. 

"How bad you want me to suck on it?" she asked.

"Really, really bad! Like you wouldn't believe!"

In my mind, I was thinking, for the love of God, suck it already! THe anticipation might make me cum before I enjoy this. It was almost like she read my mind, because seconds later, she took it all in her mouth. She gripped my cock in one hand and played with my balls with the other. And, my goodness, the way she sucked on me... wow! It wasn't a dry suck either. Up and down she went, leaving the saliva from her mouth all over my hard cock. She just didn't want it hard. She wanted it wet. Really wet. She played with it and stroked it at the same time too. It was like the perfect blowjob. All I could do is moan at the pleasure of it. "Like it when I do that?" she whispered. All I could respond with was a moan that pretty much sounded like a yes. She sucked me faster and faster. Maybe she does want me to cum. But I wasn't willing. Yet. "Cum for me now baby! Cum for your lover!" Ok, that caught me by surprise. I was really close. She was handjobbing me with both hands now, just waiting for my sticky jizz to be released. "I want you to cum for me, you naughty boy!" I could try to hold it for a minute or two, but it was no use. Her mouth was very ready. And so was my cock.

"I'm cumming baby!!!!" I shouted, and streams of my hot and sticky cum shot right into your hot and wanting mouth. I let out a loud moan as you kept playing with my balls and my cock. You wanted all my cum and you wanted it now. The release felt so good. It's like I hadn't had any in years. And I couldn't help but notice that some of that white cream got on her lips and chin. Maybe it was too much for her to handle.

"Mmmmmm, that was gooooood," she said in her sexy voice. I nodded in agreement. As I began to get limp again, I reached for my pants. That's when I noticed something. Shame on me for not paying any attention, but it was her roommate Shannon. She was wearing a see through white shirt and a very short skirt. So short in fact, you could see her ass if she bent over. I couldn't help noticing that she wasn't wearing underwear either. And she had a look of anger on her face. Oh, and Shannon also had my pants.

"My date cancelled," she said with a pout. 

"Look. I understand your problem, but I'm like in the middle of something here! Can you like, I dunno, come back later?" I retorted. At this point, I looked at Wendy. She had an idea.

"Sweetie, I think it would be so awesome if my friend here Shannon joined us, don'tcha think?" she said with a sly grin. It's almost like she's done this before. I wasn't gonna argue with her or anything, but Wendy kinda had a point. I mean, most guys have this being with two women at once fantasy. Might as well be my chance to live mine. Or something like that.

Shannon grabbed my shorts and threw them to the other side of the room. She pulled up her skirt to reveal her nicely shaven pussy. She then took off her shirt and saw her voluptuous tits. Though they're not as large as Wendy's, they're still pretty big for her size. I laid down on the soft light brown carpet and Wendy told me to close my eyes. I'm not totally sure what happened, but a couple of minutes later, I had the hot and vivacious Wendy stroking and sucking my cock again and the sexy and sweet Shannon (who, from what I hear is more into girls than guys) sitting on my face playing with her clit, just out of my tongue's reach.

"Hey Shannon, ya ready?" Wendy whispered with a wink. "Let's give Eddie something he'll never forget!" At that point, Shannon lowered herself to my tongue and I began licking her pussy. Still very sweet, but not as sweet as Wendy's. And speaking of Wendy, she sat on top my hard cock and starts riding me. She would move up and down slowly at first to see how I like it. I would tell her, but I'm busy eating Shannon's clit. (or at least trying to reach up there) Shannon began moaning and arched her back at the pleasure of my tongue. I was pretty good, but I won't brag. I held on to Wendy's pillowy tits and pinched at her pierced nipples. That really got her off.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh yyyyyyyeeeeaaaaaaahhhhhh!!!!!" Wendy screamed as I gave them a good pinch. Wendy grabbed my hands and pushed her tits closer together as she continued to ride me. Up and down she went, but the side to side motion I really loved. She was getting so very wet again. I could feel another rush of cum coming down from her pussy. She held my hands and her tits tightly as her sticky, sweet juices squirted out of her onto my hard cock. Shannon was holding one of her large tits with one hand and playing with her clit furiously with the other. The way she was moaning and screaming, she wasn't gonna hold it much longer either. Wendy egged her on to make Shannon cum on my face. "Oooohhhhhh, I'm cuuuuuuummmmmmiiiinnnnnnggggg EEEEEEddddddiiieeeeeeee!!!!!!!" Shannon screamed, and seconds later, a small stream of her cum shot in my mouth. "Taste my cum baby!" she said somewhat coherently between her moaning. Her cum was indeed sticky and sweet, but Wendy's was a little better.

"Now I'm ready to fuck you, Wendy! Now you lay down!" I said with a wicked grin. Shannon sat back on the couch. She didn't even bother putting her clothes back on but she was sitting spread eagle. With a dildo she obviously has hidden. Wendy laid down just below her so she can see Shannon looking up. Still very hard and wet because of Wendy's cum, I easily slide my hard cock inside her demanding wet pussy. I wasted little time in teasing her. I knew what she wanted.

"Fuck me hard Eddie!!!!" she demanded. I slam in and out of her without a problem. As I'm doing that, I see Shannon insert a long hot pink dildo into her pussy with no need for lubrication. Shannon plays with her clit at the same time and she's almost moving in the same rhythm as I am inside Wendy. I pump her harder and harder, full throttle now, Wendy and I both in a huge sweat. It's like the best workout of my life. Only better. "Faster baby!! Harder!! Don't stop!!!" I pumped in and out of her as fast as my body would allow. Wendy lifted one of her legs as high as she could and I held on for dear life. I could feel her pussy walls push closer together. That made me gasp in delight. It feels so good to be fucking her like this. Shannon was screaming in pleasure as she pulled her dildo in and out of her like it was me or another man. Wendy was using her free hand to play with Shannon's toy as it brought her closer and closer to orgasm. "Baby, I can't hold it much longer! Cum for me Eddie!" she moaned and just as she begins to cum on my hard pulsating cock, I let another stream of cum spray out of me inside her pussy walls, already extremely wet and sticky. I look up and I see Shannon's cumming all over Wendy's mouth and chest. Shannon licked some of the cum off her and I lick off Shannon's sticky fingers, followed shortly by Wendy's sticky fingers.

"That was sooooooo awesome!!!" Shannon said just as she collasped in a sexual frenzy. "We definitely should do it again! So, since my date ditched me, you guys still wanna go out?"

"Not really. I'll stay if you stay, Eddie," Wendy said winking at me.

"Sure I'll stick around. No big thing." 

At that point, we all get close together and we give each other passionate kisses before taking a nice hot shower together. We spent the rest of the night in Wendy's bed (since it's much bigger than Shannon's) watching television and having wild, crazy sex. I know I could get down on the dance floor, but I worked up a bigger sweat in that hour or so than I would have all night at a club. (and I got luckier too, don't you think?)