 Saturday we took a road trip to Niagara Falls. All the way there I had C wear what was supposed to be a broomstick pleated skirt but with the elasticized waist up under her armpits it became a micro minidress, coming just below her crotch when she stood and doing very little to conceal her nipples which firm little nubbins all day. After we got through the toll booth I handed her a box with a bow around it which she immediately opened. Inside was a large purple double headed silicone dildo.

I told her to suck on it. She proceeded to put on quite a show for me as well as several truckers we passed, licking and sucking both ends of the monster. After twenty minutes of this I then instructed her to insert it in her pussy. The hem of the skirt got raised and she slowly shoved it between her now juicy cunt lips and deep inside. I kept urging her "Deeper, deeper, deeper."

"I can't fit any more." 

"OK, now jerk away on it like you're a guy wanking off to nude photos of you."

C did as instructed, seven or eight inches of the monstrous device buried out of sight deep inside her hot juicy quim, but another ten or twelve available for stroking away with both hands. If that had been a real fuckpole, the guy attached to it would have cum several times. As she cranked away on it, she also rammed it back and forth inside her hot juicy cunt, leading to several orgasms as we drove along. By the time we reached our exit, there was a pool of her juices on the leather seat.

When we arrived at our hotel, "Barney" got put away again and C tottered along beside me as we signed in. I instructed her to remove the skirt once we were inside the elevator, just as I had the chemise a couple weeks previous in a different elevator. Our room was on the 15th floor, but the elevator stopped on 14 to allow a young couple aboard. They did their best to ignore her nakedness, but I wasn't going to go for that and before the doors opened again at our floor, I reached over and fondled one of C's breasts and nipple. Again, they were very gracious in their lack of response, although I did hear her say as the cab doors were closing after our departure at our floor "wow! That was hot!"

C again strutted along beside me until we found our room her luscious tits jiggling away. The door was ajar and it turned out that housekeeping had not quite finished yet. We still entered and dropped our bag, all the time with C naked except for the high heeled straw sandals she still had on. C made a beeline for the toilet and sat down to pee leaving the door open and she on full display for the maid.

The maid was a lovely little asian creature decked out in the hotel livery of grey dress with burgundy piping. She looked at me with a great degree of uncertainty and I told her to take her time finishing up, we were in no great hurry to be left alone. She half smiled and shook her head before continuing to tidy up and then starting to change the bed linens. 

C finished her pee and started the shower. As the maid continued making the bed with her back to me, I slipped out of my jeans and shirt, then slipped off the black silk briefs I'd worn that day. Just then the maid turned around to find me naked with the beginnings of a hard-on that quickly became a full fledged ful-mast as her eyes roamed over my body. I grinned and as I headed for the bathroom asked if she could bring some towels in for us. 

A couple minutes after I joined C in the shower, the door opened again and in slid the now also naked maid to join us. Her breasts were virtually non-existant and she stood no more than four foot nine. She sported an ample crop of dark pubes and her hair was short cropped. She wasted no time slipping in between us and taking over the soap bar, lathering us both all over, then herself, turning herself into the slippery middle of a sensual sandwich. Her soapy hands stroked my cock and balls then wandered between C's thighs and explored her pierced nipples.

Not a word was said. She stopped with the soap and steered us both into the stream of water so that it would rinse away, then dropped to her knees to alternately minister with her tongue to C's slick snatch and then wrap her mouth around my cock, back and forth between the two of us before settling in with my shaft in her mouth and several of her tiny fingers buried in C's quim. Eventually I saw all four fingers disappear, then her thumb and finally her entire hand was inside C's fuckhole and she proceeded to slowly fist her at the same time slurping away on my dick. 

C and I pressed against each other with the maid wedged between our thighs. The water was just the right temperature and we locked lips, tongues darting in and out of each others' mouths. C began to tremble as an immense orgasm overtook her. The sensation of her peak took me over the edge too and I erupted in the maid's mouth, gushing away blast after blast of hot white joyjuice.

She stayed in that crouched position and extended her hand up, uttering the only word she did the entire time, "Soap." I handed it to her and she again soaped us both up before coming up for air, then sliding back out of the shower. 

I turned the water off and opened the door. She was already dried off and had a towel in each hand, but refused to let either of us dry ourselves, instead very attentively attending to that for us. She lingered over my cock a bit, then gently kissed the tip of it before disappearing out the door of the bathroom. A minute later I heard the door to the suite close. We never saw her again.