 Another instalment of my stories: they don't need to be read in order, though you may prefer to. 

----------

It was a hot summer, for once, with plenty of sun and not too much rain. We took advantage of it by escaping to Mel's parents' house for a week, which was deep in the Yorkshire countryside (yes, it was even hot there), while they were away. Mel extended the invitation to Em and me, as there was plenty of space at the house, and we had some leave due.

We spent a couple of days out and about, visiting a few places in the vicinity. By the Tuesday, though, we were all a bit tired by the heat, and discussing the day ahead as we finished breakfast.

"It's too hot to go out again. I don't want to sit in the car driving somewhere," objected Andy.

"We could stay here, instead," suggested Mel, "and barbecue this evening?"

"Sounds good," I agreed. "It'd be nice to relax and not bake, walking around."

"There's a couple of sun loungers, aren't there, Mel?" asked Em. "You said you wanted to make the most of at least some of the sun-bathing opportunity."

"Yeah, and a parasol that you can hide under," teased Mel, "So you don't turn into a lobster!"

The pale-skinned Em stuck her tongue out at Mel, but smiled. "Thanks, it's not a good look."

I checked in the fridge, and established that we had what we'd need for dinner—and that there were plenty of drinks cooling.

"Excellent: we're all stocked up. Mel, should we water the garden for your parents, as it's so hot?" I asked.

"Thanks, they'd appreciate that: can I show you where the hose is after I get changed?" Mel replied.

"No problem."

Mel and Em disappeared upstairs, while Andy and I cleared up the table.

"You're not sunbathing, are you?" I checked, jokingly.

"No hope," he laughed, "Unfortunately, my boss e-mailed overnight, so I've got to look at some stuff, and send her a reply later. I'll print it out, and find a shady spot to read."

"That's a pain," I sympathised, "Doesn't she know you're on holiday?"

"Yeah, but some things can't wait, I suppose."

Dishwasher filled, Andy left to get his work together, and I made my way to the garden, hunting for a hose and tap.

"There you are," I heard Mel's voice behind me, while looking in an outside cupboard that had seemed promising. "The hose probably isn't in there; come with me."

I closed the doors, and turned to follow her. There was a great advantage to following Mel along: she was looking—well—appetising in a two-piece. A purple bikini, in fact, which just about covered her pert cheeks as she walked along the path a few steps ahead of me. I smiled to myself: sitting around watching her sunbathe was going to be no hardship at all.

No doubt Mel knew how she looked, as she turned to smile over her shoulder at me: I think I managed to look up from her arse and slender legs before she noticed.

"There's a tap by the other back door, and the hose is usually hooked up ready to use."

We rounded a corner of the house, and I saw that she was right. I glanced, as subtly as I could, at Mel's front, having thoroughly checked her out from the back. The subtlety went out the window, though, because Mel's petite breasts were benefitting from some 'structural assistance'. The bandeau top was enhancing what were normally diminutive tits, and gave the girl's chest more of a swell.

Mel laughed at my gaze, "Eyes front, Chris, Em will notice!"

"Everyone'll notice those, too," I grinned, only slightly embarrassed at getting caught.

"That's the idea," she admitted, still laughing. "It works well, don't you think?"

"I thought I was supposed to stop looking?"

"Quite: concentrate on the hose," she said, mock-sternly. I ignored the possibility of a double-entendre, and obeyed. I ran the hose out, and got to work, making the most of the opportunity to watch Mel's gently swaying butt as she went back round the house.

It was a big garden, and took a while to water. By the time I joined the others on the patio, it was getting noticeably warmer.

"Thanks, Chris", said Mel, lying flat out on her lounger in the full sun, her eyes closed as she soaked up the sun.

"You look like you need a drink," came from Andrew, sitting further back with a small pile of papers.

"I do," I agreed. "Staying here was the right decision."

"I'll fetch a jug of something," suggested Andy, and he tidied his work and stood.

"Staying out of the sun," I commented to Em.

Silent until then, she looked up from her book, and grinned. Unlike Mel, Em was out of the sun, on a lounger under a parasol. She was also wearing rather more, no doubt to avoid burning, and a long, pale green shirt covered her. Loosely buttoned, I could glimpse the darker green of her top and the matching trunks.

"Definitely. You know how I burn. Mel, however, appears to be enjoying it."

"Mmm. It's been ages since we had good weather," came the reply. "I should probably turn over for a bit."

She did so, as Em grinned wickedly at me. "Mel said you liked her bikini."

I blushed, instantly, as Mel chuckled, face down on the lounger, "Is that what she said?"

"Apparently, you were very complimentary."

"It suits her," I extemporized.

"I thought so, too," said Em, still grinning. Thankfully, she turned back to her book, and Andy reappeared with a jug: Pimm's, by the look of it, with plenty of ice. There were already glasses on the table, which he refilled, and I took mine, gratefully.

I took a seat, in the slight shade of one of the trees—I don't burn like Em does, but much easier than Mel, who tans naturally while her hair gets even lighter. Quietly sipping my drink, I enjoyed the surroundings: not only the lithe form of the sun-bathing blonde; not only the accompanying figure of my curled-up girlfriend; but the garden and landscape, too, I promise.

I nursed the drink, for some time the only interruption to the quiet Andy or Em rustling papers, or Mel fidgeting occasionally. Eventually, though, Mel broke the peace. As I watched, she reached to her back, and unclipped the bandeau top. I assumed she'd let the strap fall away from her, pinned under her boobs, but she raised her chest slightly, and slipped it to the floor beside her. Still face-down, she casually reached then to her hips, and fiddled with the side-ties of the bikini bottoms. She had my full attention, now, as I watched her loosen the knots: Andy was still engrossed in whatever he was reading, and while Em seemed oblivious, a slight twitch of an eyebrow suggested otherwise to me.

The strings released, Mel lifted her hips, and tugged the panties clear of her bum, before dropping them to join the top. I stared admiringly at the twin soft mounds of her buttocks, and the smooth arch of her back. As she wriggled, settling back down, I caught the briefest of tantalizing glimpses of her sex through the crease of her legs.

"Show off," muttered Em, for only me to hear, still apparently reading her book. "Typical Mel."

"Andy?" called Mel, softly, "Andy, I need more sun lotion, love."

I heard Andy laugh as he looked up and saw the naked girl on the lounger.

"You're probably going to claim you were too hot, aren't you, and had to take them off?"

"No, don't be silly," she chuckled, "Just wanted to tan evenly, obviously."

Andy seemed happy enough with that, and retrieved the sun screen. He poured some onto Mel's back, where her bikini had been, and rubbed it in. Mesmerized, I watched as he puddled more into the small of her back, and stroked it down over the curve of one buttock. Cooperatively, Mel shifted her legs apart and lifted her hips, giving me, opposite her, a view of the lips of her pussy, before Andy spread lotion down over the top of her thigh. Starting again from the pool, I enjoyed the view of her labia and butt while I could. Andrew's no fool, and knew to take advantage of his position, and did an excessively thorough job of spreading the cream. With the next few spreading motions, his fingers just grazed Mel's outer lip, and then swept away. Gathering the last of the lotion, his last, lingering stroke ran lewdly from the small of her back, down the crease of her buttocks, spreading the cream into the juncture to gently graze her hidden anus, and teasing her taint. He gave her butt a gentle pat, and made his way back to his chair, grinning back at her.

"Thanks, love," purred Mel, arranging her limbs once more in the sun. I could still, just about, see up between her legs, and it was having a predictable effect on my crotch, as an erection grew. I shifted, myself, to a more comfortable position, catching Em's knowing sideways glance.

It wasn't enough, so I took the opportunity to take the jug back to the kitchen to refill the jug of Pimm's. I came back out to find that Em had removed her shirt, and was now stretched out in the lounger, still ostensibly buried in her book. The dark green trunks and top complemented her chestnut hair, and I ran an appreciative gaze over her long legs and flat stomach. She rarely took Mel's route of augmenting her breasts, even though they were only a bit larger: the triangles of her top contained them, but left a lot of skin on show.

I settled back down, with a replenished glass, and enjoyed my view. This time, I was preoccupied by the attractive, scantily-clad at best, women in front of me.

"Wait for it," I heard Em mutter to me. Intrigued, I took a drink, and watched. Another five minutes passed. Sure enough, Mel finally made a move. She fidgeted. Wriggled a foot. Scratched, absently, an itch on her waist. Then, cool as you like, turned over. I knew what was coming: I'd seen Mel naked enough times. But the sight of her rolling over, exposing herself, made my stomach lurch with the surprise and pleasure. I could guess what she'd do next.

"Andy?" she called once more. "My front needs doing, too, please."

Eyes shut, but with a small smile, she posed herself on the cushion. Her small tits were almost flat, lying down, the nipples soft and pink in the warm. Slender enough that her ribs were almost visible, the flat plain of her belly ended with the twin protrusions of her ileac crest. Her blonde hair, tied up for tanning, wasn't matched at her crotch, which she'd kept bare longer than I'd known her. Hairless lips pressed neatly together, and the hood of her clit was just visible at their junction.

A wide smile on his face, Andy sauntered over with the sun lotion. Unashamedly, he eyed up his pretty girlfriend's naked, sunlight drenched body. She opened an eye and smiled angelically up at him.

"Come on, love: I really don't want sun-burnt boobs."

"No, I guess you don't," he agreed, pouring cream into his hand. Settling on the lounger beside Mel, he dropped a hand to each tit, spreading the sun-cream over their soft swells. Caressing their whole surface, and diligently spreading it to each side and over her cleavage, he went back to delicately circle each rose-tinted nipple with a fingertip. The tips slowly hardened and pushed up from the previously smooth surface of her tits, and a smile went across her face.

Andy lifted his hands from her breasts, and planted a kiss on her mouth, before shuffling down the seat. He tipped the bottle, and trickled the lotion onto the mound above her cunny. Obligingly, Mel spread her legs, once more giving me a beautiful eyeful. Andy leant forwards to kiss her deeply, as he gently smeared the cream down one labia; grazed the tender hood of her clit, and down the other side. He stroked out from the hairless slit to the top of each thigh, and a little moan escaped from Mel. Teasingly, Andy lightly brushed her clit once more—then his fingers danced away, coating her mound and surrounding skin with sunscreen.

Soon enough, his finger drifted back, and softly delved into the soft folds of Mel's twat. Her back arched as he found the sensitive nub. I glanced away from the arousing sight, to see Em as mesmerized as me, her book forgotten. Silently, not to disturb the moment, I looked back. Andy's finger disappeared slowly up Mel's pussy, his thumb lightly circled her clit, while the other hand gently held her waist, and their tongues entwined.

Breaking off, he teased her, "There you go: now you shouldn't burn." With one last lingering stroke he withdrew his finger up the length of her slit and over her clitoris.

"Thanks, that's grand," she murmured, a little breathlessly, as she settled back on the lounger and Andrew went back to his seat off to the side.

"Chris, shall we get lunch?" Em broke in, with a little urgency.

I didn't really want to leave the gorgeous naked girl, but didn't want to voice that objection.

"Yeah, can do: we'll bring it out to you two?" I asked.

"Please: thanks, guys," smiled Mel, her eyes closing once more.

Leaving her shirt and book behind, Em led the way to the house.

"I'm confused: is Mel teasing us, or is Andy teasing her?" I asked, only part in jest, as we walked out of earshot and in through the door.

"Both," answered Em, "and it's definitely working."

No sooner were we inside, and out of sight, than she wrapped her arms round me and pulled my body close to hers. Her small breasts squashed against my chest, and her hips pressed against mine.

"Damn her, I'm properly horny now," she mock complained. "And after lunch, I bet she'll have Andy touching her up within ten minutes, in plain sight."

"No bet," I laughed, "I'm sure she will. The only question is how long it'll take her to get him naked."

I grinned, thoughtfully, at her. "And, with that kind of entertainment in front of you, I think the more interesting bet would be how long you manage hold out before you want to join in!"

Emmy pulled a face at me, then grinned back. "I'm sure you wouldn't object, honey. Careful, though, or I'll ask Andy for his help, if you're going to be rude," she teased. Letting go, and turning, she went to the fridge and starting pulling together some food.

"Now, don't just stand there, or they'll shag without us."

I chuckled, but had to admit that it was a possibility—and Em was right, I wouldn't mind watching, or enjoying the effect of watching on Em, for that matter.

A tray apiece, carrying a pair of the ubiquitous pitchers, and plates of food, we went back out. In an impressive show of self-control, Andrew was back at his papers, and Mel was sprawled, tantalizingly, on her own. Ostensibly, I'm sure it was in aid of an even tan, but the effect was to wantonly display her pussy, and I enjoyed a quick look as we went past with lunch. Glistening with lotion, and just a hint of her own moisture, it beckoned. However, with Em right behind, I couldn't pause.

"Your lunch, madam," mocked Em as we approached. Mel's eyes opened, and she stood up and stretched. Arms above her head, her boobs were drawn up proudly, while her lithe frame was elongated and shown off. My cock, which had subsided while inside, sprang back into life. Mel fell in behind the two of us, robbing me of the chance to watch her bare arse lead, and we spread the food on the table, in the space Andy cleared.

"Thanks, guys," he said, "it looks good."

"We can't take any credit for Mel," I pointed out, smirking at him, "You oiled her up, not us."

"Ah, true," he dead-panned, "I have only myself to blame."

We sat, and tucked in. Having a pretty topless girl opposite distracted me somewhat, but the food was good, and I tried (and probably failed) not to stare at Melanie's chest, as her nipples came in and out of sight. In the heat, and without any physical attention, they'd softened once more, to soft peaks on her slender body, with a light sheen of oil just visible.

We finished the meal, and I tided up, while Andrew went back to his work. The girls took the second jug of cocktail back their seats, and I returned to my chair to find a recharged glass. Em was reading her book once more, though I recognised that she was keeping an eye on her blonde flatmate, waiting for Mel's next play. Face down, once more, on her lounger, Mel was displaying her legs to full advantage, my eye distracted from their slim length only by the naked, pert arse at their top. I settled down to wait, thinking of Em's ten-minute horizon.

It passed.

I began to wonder whether Mel had succumbed to a post-prandial doze, when a rustle of papers presaged Andy wandering over.

"That's me done," he said. "I'm going to put my laptop away; does anyone need anything from inside?"

"Don't think so, thanks," said Em, and I shook my head. Andy walked off to the house, and Em looked at me. She twitched an eyebrow, gave a small smile, and appeared to go back to her book.

Andrew's footsteps scuffed the path as he came back, and Mel broke her silence.

"Andy," she said, lifting herself on an elbow, and innocently rolling onto her back once more, "Will you re-do my front, please? It's worn off over lunch."

Andy grinned, knowingly, at her. "Yes, of course. Which bits need re-coating?"

"Oh, just where I don't normally get any sun, I should think," she smiled angelically up at him.

Em chuckled quietly beside me, as Andy crouched alongside the lounger. Dribbling lotion into his palms, he went straight to work on Mel's stomach, circling outwards with each hand. Lightly coating her flanks, he gently worked the cream into her smooth skin. Pausing to replenish, one hand wandered up further, between her breasts, and stroked down over the out-side of a boob, casually missing her nipple. Circuitously, the other hand swept down, side to side, the very tip of his fingers just glancing a scant inch above her slit.

Mel's legs parted.

The next sweep was lower, and Andy's fingers flew, softly, over the top fraction of her lips; at the same time, his other hand covered the neglected breast. Studiously, lotion was spread across the pink aureole, which sprang to life, her nipple erupting to attention. Andy's wandering hand edged alongside Mel's hairless pussy, caressing the fold between thigh and cunt. I watched from my perfect vantage, as his fingers tripped across the lips, right above the entrance, to the other side, and back up along her sex. A little noise of pleasure broke from Mel, as her nipple was gently tweaked, and Andy's fingers circled her pussy once more. Reaching across, she put a hand behind his neck and pulled him in to kiss her.

In response, his teasing fingers flickered down the sensitive slit, softly probing between the lips.

Mel's legs parted further, displaying her neat, pink, aroused pussy to us as Andy's questing fingers parted the lips, delving for the orifice. Finding it, the tip of a finger circled the introitus once, then sank, slowly, knuckle-deep into her vagina. We watched, transfixed, as he slowly fucked her with a single finger.

After a dozen strokes, though, Andy slowly withdrew his finger, and broke off the kiss.

"I think that's covered everything?" he teased the recumbent girl.

Mel pouted at him. "Yes, but you wouldn't dare leave me there, would you? I'll make it worth your while," she smiled invitingly. He laughed.

"I wondered whether you'd actually ask, after parading around trying to tempt me all morning. I want a down-payment, though," he declared, pulling his shirt over his head, and starting to unbuckle his trousers. "I'm sure you won't mind, will you, guys?" he asked, grinning at Em, who grinned back.

"Never," she said, "you carry on."

Andy stepped out of his trousers, and pulled down his boxers, unveiling himself. His half-hard cock stood out horizontally, while the warm air made his balls seem large. Mel sat up on the lounger, bringing her head to cock level. Grasping the base of his rod, she extended her tongue and licked the underside, running the tip up and over the sensitive frenulum. Then her head bobbed forwards, and she took the head between her lips, her hand moving to cup his balls. Mel looked up at Andy, whose attention was all on her face, one hand resting on her shoulder, and slowly engulfed more of his length, applying slight suction. Her tongue darted out, and tickled the lower side of his penis. She started to piston his cock in and out of her mouth, gently scratching at his balls. Her other hand had wandered down to her pussy, and was lazily tickling around the hood of her clit.
