 Sure Jan pitched a bitch, complaining that Jackie had been a piggy, before adding a pouty, "No fair, you got all the cum!" Which, of course, I'm happy to say my erotically inspired and utterly insatiable wife had been guilty of! As far as I was concerned, that explained Jan's teasing, "Yeah, so you're going to owe me...yeah and big time too!" Uh-huh, and don't think for a minute that the mere fact that they ended up in one another's arms, locked in a feverishly intense kiss meant Jan didn't intend to back up her teasing threat...eventually anyway!

Note: If you're interested in finding out how Jackie wound-up gulping down one load, while my buddy Chuck happily decorated her ass with another one, well then, read, Summer's surprise-seduction, and then, Summer's surprise-encounters.

I watched that kiss lengthen and grow down right steamy, and it occurred to me that I should be thankful. Because, by the time Jackie and Jan finished swapping tongues, and got around to kissing Chuck and I; well, at least we wouldn't be getting a taste of my cum along with the sweet taste of their soft sensual mouths. It looked like Jackie was trying to make up for, however unintentionally, having played the piggy. Not that it was going to work, but it sure looked like it was intended to leave Jan melted in to a bedazzled state of erotic insensibility-yeah, fat chance! I'll tell you what though; watching that kiss sizzle in to incandescence left both of us guy's with cocks rigidly pointing star ward. So OK, it only felt like the sun would show up before their kiss ended! Anyway, Chuck and I did eventually collect a pair of lip scorching kisses, luckily, before Chuck had to split! Only, along with her libido-inflaming kiss, Jackie delivered whispered instructions in to my ear. Then, pulling Jan along behind her, my wickedly giggling wife climbed from the Jacuzzi. Ignoring their discarded clothing, naked and giggling like schoolgirls, they headed for the house. Only, I saw Jackie grab the bag of goodies she'd picked-up earlier at our neighborhood sex boutique. That was after dinner, and later a most unforgettable dessert; and of course, before chuck put in his unexpected appearance!

I followed them, but only as far as the bar. With a pair of cold ones in hand, I rejoined Chuck in the Jacuzzi. It was good to relax, soak in the bubbling heat of the Jacuzzi, and enjoy the warm summer's night. Chuck only had time to linger over that one beer, before he was off to pick up his girlfriend.

After Chuck left I showered, dressed, and headed for my home office. Why...because that's where Jackie had insistently suggested that I await their return. So OK, while I enjoyed a cold beer, I had time to contemplate the possibilities-ooh, and such possibilities!

Like with any good Halloween story, there came a tap, tap, tapping at the door! Well yeah, it was my office door; and no, there wasn't any silly raven! Instead, when I spun around, I discovered it was my raven-haired wife, with a redheaded mattress thrasher in tow. There, framed in my doorway, stood a pair of stunningly erotic visions. Red hair flowing wild around a pretty face, Jan stood there, her smirk betraying innocently downcast eyes. Releasing her grip on Jan's upper arm, Jackie propelled her in to my office with a swat to her fanny, and a snickered "Go on!" Jan stood there, coy smile playing across vividly outlined lips painted a shimmering crimson, long lashes fluttering above eyes shadowed in glittering green. As outrageously over the top as Jan's gaudy makeup was, it couldn't hold my attention, not with what she was wearing it sure couldn't! So OK, it wasn't the traditional schoolgirl's uniform-close, but no cigar! Her blouse was white, long sleeved, and buttoned to her throat, and so sheer, it was practically transparent. Even better, the only thing lurking under that blouse's clingy fabric, were the softly rounded swells of a pair of perkily upturned breasts, hard pointy nipples jutting from their darkly crinkled areola. Of course, she wore one of those cute little plaid skirts! Sure, only I didn't suppose any Nun, or head mistress either, would ever have tolerated one that short and clingy. Her legs were long and bare; that's bare, if you don't count the cute little white socks or her six-inch black pumps. No way around it, Jan was every man's naughty schoolgirl fantasy come to life!

Jackie, on the other hand, was an unbelievable mix of the conservative, and the utterly erotic! Her black curls were pulled back in to a conservative bun, and she wore her glasses instead of her usual contact lenses. Add in her minimal makeup, and maybe someone who didn't know her, might think prim schoolteacher. Well they might, if they didn't notice the thigh high slit running up her long skirt, or the sleekly muscled fishnet clad leg it revealed! I definitely noticed; and my eyes took their time sliding down to her flame red six-inch stiletto heeled pumps. Like her young charge, she wore a white long sleeved blouse. Only, Jackie's wasn't sheer, but then it wasn't buttoned to the throat either! In fact, it was unbuttoned from throat to navel, barely restraining the smooth tan skin of her full ripe breasts. So OK, what guy hasn't fantasized about a teacher who looked that hot and utterly sexy? Still, it was much too early for Halloween costumes. Uh-huh, but I figured they'd do just fine for a little erotic role-playing or so I hoped anyway!

"Good morning Mister Biggestone," giggled a grinning Jackie! "I'm so sorry to interrupt, but I have a disciplinary problem with this young lady. Well, if you can call this trollop a lady," she added with a humph, and a wink. I didn't know where their little game would end up, but I sure intended to play it for all it was worth.

"Good morning Ms Busty," I replied! Then, playing along, I asked, "Just what seems to be the problem? Maybe you should explain yourself!"

Her defiant young pupil couldn't stifle her soft snicker as Jackie propelled her toward my desk. I stood up, working hard to hide the grin threatening to sneak on to my face. "And, what's your name young lady," I asked?

Coy showing through her shy demeanor she answered, "I'm Jan Naughty, and I just don't understand why Ms Busty has to always be picking on me!"

Plunking the bag, she'd been carrying down on my desk, Ms Busty smacked Miss Naughty's cute little butt, ordering, "Stand up straight, and keep that nasty tongue in your mouth!"

Playing dumb, I said, "Well, its apparent your young ladies inappropriately dressed; but, why don't you go ahead and explain yourself Ms Busty!"

"Well first off," started Ms Busty, "there's all that makeup. She looks like a cheap prostitute who'd be lucky to get $20 for a blow-job!"

Under her breath, a snickering Miss Naughty muttered, "right, what would you know about blow-jobs anyway!"

Jan's smart mouth earned her a solid swat to the ass, before Ms Busty went on to add "Well, and I don't believe she's wearing a bra either!"

Her grin saucy and full of defiance, Miss Naughty answered, "OK, if you're so smart, then why don't you just check it out and make sure?"

"Oh you little tramp," squealed a grinning Ms Busty! "And maybe, I'll just do that!" Then pointing out the delightfully obvious, she exclaimed "Look Mister Biggestone the girl's nipples are even; ah well, just poking right out for anyone to see!"

Still in character, Jackie tittered, while I sternly proclaimed "Yes Ms busty, I do believe we should get to the bottom of this!"

While Jan coyly protested "Oh no, oh please don't," Jackie reached around Miss Naughty and began unbuttoning her blouse. Nimble fingers teased open one button; and then, sensuous fingers trailed languidly down the exposed V of ivory skin to the next one. Jackie looked like she wanted to tear that blouse open with one button-ripping tug. She managed to get it unbuttoned as far as the waistband of Miss Naughty's plaid skirt; and then, she almost yanked it right off her shoulders.

Jackie whooped "I knew it; just look at those tits, umm, I mean breasts! You just take that horrid blouse off this instant, and show Mister Biggestone!" She got the tone of voice right, but that whoop, and her lip licking grin sort of gave her away. Still, I couldn't blame her; Jan has a gorgeous pair of jauntily jutting breasts!

Naked to the waist, Jan stood with one hand over her mouth, perky breasts jiggling as she tried to smother her chuckles. She already was, but then so was I, but that didn't stop Ms Busty from suggesting "Well...would you look at that!" Making sure I got the point, she reached out and pinched a pair of pointedly protruding nipples, insisting, "It's just disgusting I say...oh she's such a slutty little show-off!"

"Hey, what's the big deal," complained a very naughty sounding Miss Naughty? Snickering she insisted, "Yeah, well the boys sure don't complain!"

"Oh, you're simply horrid," Ms Busty squeaked! Then obviously relishing her role as Ms Busty, Jackie administered three forcefully delivered swats, each punctuated with a gleefully delivered "Bad!" Her final walloping swat spilled Miss Naughty across my desk. What could a Principal do; what else but help the young lady up! Right, and if my fingers just happened to accidentally roam over her so provocatively bared tits; well, it just couldn't be helped!

Having helped Miss Naughty back to her feet; reluctantly, and after Ms Busty's shocked "Mister Biggestone, you can let go now," I let go of that delightful double handful of her anatomy. Leaning back against my desk, I listened to a flushed and obviously excited Ms Busty ask "Right, and what do you want to bet the little whores not wearing panties either?"

Then, with a clap of her hands she ordered a glowering Miss Naughty "Turn around," insisting "You should be ashamed to be caught wearing a skirt so whorishly short!, To my delight, she told her wayward pupil "Go on now; bend over, and let Mister Biggestone see if you're wearing anything under there!" Remembering that Jan's blouse was a gossamer wisp of a thing, I wasn't expecting to discover anything except bare ass under her tiny plaid skirt.

Not needing to be told twice, Miss Naughty turned around! Except, she didn't have to bend over very far, before practically, her entire ass was in full view! To my surprise, she was wearing panties! A pair of lacey hot pink boy shorts did an absolutely outstanding job of highlighting a pair of firm, delectably rounded ass cheeks. With Jan bent double, elbows resting on my desk, I noticed the crotch of those tight panties was damp, and clinging provocatively to the erotic contours of her pussy. Ms Busty reached over, flipped that skirt up, and stood there admiring an ass almost as hot and sexy as her own! "Well," her humph asked, "Just what are you going to do with that?"

Well, several definitely delightful ideas flashed through my brain! Sure, they did, but being the Principal somewhat limited my options! "OK

young lady, I can't believe what I'm seeing! But, I'm quite sure you've earned a spanking! And after that; well, we'll just see what else Ms Busty needs to get off her chest!"

Her enthusiasm obvious, Ms Busty excitedly announced, "That's a very good idea!" And she was positively jubilant as she explained "And, I have just the thing for the job too!" Rummaging around in the bag she'd dropped on my desk earlier, she added, "The evil child's locker was full of all sorts of wonderful...oops, I mean perverted stuff!" And holding up a bright red leather slapper she positively beamed her approval, saying "Just look; its got all those stars cut out of it! Really Mister Biggestone, do you suppose it's going to leave stars printed on her ass?" Sure I did! In fact, I was quite sure that slapper would leave a trail of pale stars standing out on a flaming red ass, and long before Ms Busty and I were through too!

Looking seriously disappointed Ms Busty asked "Oh well, you're the Principle; so I suppose you'll want to handle the paddling?"

Enjoying her look of dismay, I teased, "Well yes, it is one of my duties!" But I relented, explaining "But then, the misbehaving child's one of your students; so, how about we divide the wonderful little, ah that's horrid, job up between us?"

Smile back in place, Jackie didn't waste any time in issuing curt instructions. "OK then, now Miss Naughty put your hands flat on Mister Biggestone's desk," she ordered, grinning impishly as she added, "Step back...more, that's it! Hey, and spread your legs...right...that's it...real wide apart!" Satisfied, she almost purred, "Oh, that's real hot, oops, well I mean fine, just fine!"

I stepped forward, intending to grab the slapper. But Ms Busty held it behind her back, her half smile daring me to reach around her and take it! And proving she was every bit as incorrigible as Miss Naughty, when I reached around her, she pushed my head down, burying my face in her delightfully abundant cleavage., So with Miss Naughty watching over her shoulder, I gently flicked my tongue over one of Ms Busty's swelling nipples, while I mercilessly twisted the other one between a thumb and forefinger. And while Ms Busty cooed her approval, she watched me reach back and tickle the hot wet crotch of Miss Naughty's pretty pink panties. That tickle became a caress, that caress turned in to a grope, and that's when a throat clearing Ms Busty tactfully suggested, "Oh no Mister Biggestone, stop that, before you spoil the little tart!" Only it was the slapper she waved menacingly that stopped my wandering fingers.

Catching my nod in the direction of Miss Naughty's nicely exposed ass, Ms Busty's smile turned in to a truly lecherous grin. "Well, I guess I just better slip those panties down," she said! She added "It's just not proper to paddle a student through her panties," and almost without letting her giggle sneak out!

There isn't much more erotic then the sight of a girl's panties being pulled down! And watching Jackie slowly tease Jan's panties down turned my lingering erection in to an unbendable rod of red-hot iron. That throbbing beast roared for release, when Ms Busty sensuously ran her fiery red fingernails over the silky smooth, ivory hued skin of Jan's bare ass cheeks. Heat beginning to smolder in her eye's, Jackie traced a pair of white X's, turning the sweet cheek's of Jan's ass in to just about the prettiest targets I'd ever seen! Ms Busty stepped back, and I cracked a hard slap across one of those X's. And before poor Miss Naughty could suck in a gasp, I cracked an even harder one across the other targeted cheek. But that breath whooshed right back out, after I added a third, and then a forth set of pale stars to her flaming ass cheeks.

I paused to admire my handiwork, and maybe to wish upon a star! Ms Busty helpfully held her troublesome student's skirt up out of my way. But that still left her with one free hand! So I watched her use one shiny red finger nail to explore the velvety pink folds of pussy peeking from between Miss Naughty's thighs. But as that fingernail disappeared, only to reappear every time Jackie pistoned another swirling thrust in and out of her wayward student's vagina, I asked "Ms Busty are you sure that you should be fingering the girl like that?"

Jackie's soft and saucy purr answered my silly question. What's wrong with the way I'm fingering her," she wanted to know? "And besides, the perverted little tart likes it!" I got distracted, when Jackie added, "Oh she so deserves a good tongue lashing!" Uh-huh, and I'm sure that's what she intended! Sure, because she was sure quick to grab that slapper out of my hand!

"Oh you; that's just not fair," complained a pouty lipped Ms Busty! And it wasn't true, but she had the effrontery to claim, "There's hardly any place left for me to leave my mark!" Miss Naughty was too busy snickering and wagging her ass defiantly to bother disagreeing. Ignoring her misbehaving pupil, Ms Busty got busy, and put that slapper to good use. And by the time Jackie stopped, poor Jan's ass glowed red, bright with more stars then the Milky Way.

Holding her slapper poised threateningly, and sounding genuinely miffed, Ms Busty asked, "Now you wicked girl, just what was it you meant earlier, with that nasty blow job comment? Do you really suppose you know more about how to please a man then I do?" The paddle clattered on to my desk as she yanked her insubordinate pupil upright by the hair, demanding "Go on now, answer me!"

Wide eyed, but grinning, Miss Naughty fired back "Right, as if I even believe you've ever had a man's cock in your mouth!" And turning it in to a teasing challenge, she told her scowling teacher "Yeah, and believe me, I've studied hard! And, I've practiced lots...and I mean with lots of big hard cocks too!"

"I'll teach you not to boast", shot back a grinning Ms Busty! Face flushed with the effort of holding back the laughter threatening to explode out of her , she accepted Miss Naughty's challenge, telling her "Well OK then; So, let's just see if your smart ass mouth can keep up with your obnoxious bragging!"

Miss Naughty stared straight in to her teacher's eyes, chuckled softly, and started to pull up her panties. Demanding, "Stop that," a scowling Ms Busty told Miss Naughty "You just take those trashy things off. Mister Biggestone and I would rather have you bare under that obscenely short skirt then let you wear those disgustingly provocative panties!"

Miss Naughty was laughing hard as she hopped her ass up on to my desk. Keeping her legs straight, and discreetly together, she lifted them up and back above her head. Her star spangled ass glowed bright below the hot pink panties still draped around her knees. Predictably, the little tease made a show out of working them teasingly up her long legs, before she kicked them free. Legs high and spread wide she sensuously trailed her fingers across the taught skin of her inner thighs. Using both hands, she spread open the wet pink folds of her very pretty, and very, very wet looking pussy! Ms Busty growled like a panther on the prowl, when Miss naughty dipped a pair of fingers in to that glistening wetness. And when she swirled them, and then popped them in to her mouth, a low whistle escaped past my lips. Still holding Ms Busty's eyes, Miss Naughty took seconds! And that's when I decided that there was danger lurking behind the fire blazing in her teacher's eyes! Well, the incorrigible imp saw it too, and was snickering as she slid off my desk.

Down on her knees, Jan laughed as she reached for my belt. Practiced fingers quickly had my belt unbuckled, and my pants unzipped and unbuttoned. She yanked down her Principle's pants and underwear, and up sprang his iron hard rod of authority. Still playing teacher's pet, Jan purred a delighted "Oh my, look at that! Oh Mister Biggestone, that's the biggest, fattest, and most absolutely yummy looking cock I've ever seen!" 

Picking up on her cue, Ms Busty said, "Well smarty pants; what's the problem? Get on with it; or don't you think you can handle a real man's cock?" Well after the stories I'd heard, I was quite sure that she could!

After giving her teacher a withering glare, miss Naughty bent her head, and tenderly kissed my balls. Cupping them in one warm palm, she used a lightning fast tongue to flick torturously up and down the throbbing length of my cock. And having turned her prize in to a rigidly gleaming shaft of slippery rock hard cock, she wrapped a fist around it. Growling from deep in her throat, she lowered her head, and sucked the swollen head of her captured treat in to her mouth. She held it there, sucking softly, while her fist pumped slowly up and down its slippery shaft.

Jackie was staring, but then that made two of us. When Miss Naughty began popping the glistening head of my cock in and out past pursed lips, we both groaned while we stared. I was ready to beg for mercy, and that's even before her lips replaced her slowly pistoning fist. Her lips and tongue worked magic alright, but those pouty lips never swallowed more then five or six inches of cock. As badly as I wanted to introduce my full eight inches to her throat, I figured I could play my part, and hold out just a little bit longer!
