 I am one lucky son of a bitch. There. I said it. I have a life any other guy would kill to have. And I have no idea why, except when genes play a role. It certainly isn't because I'm a genius, because I'm not. I'm not the biggest, the fastest, the strongest, or the best athlete. I'm sure as hell not rich. Just lucky.

Now, I did mention genes helped out, and I wasn't lying. I mean, I'm pretty average-looking: brown hair, green eyes, thin, six feet tall even, straight teeth. I'm not ripped by any means, and if you ask most people I could use a little more muscle. I didn't play any sports in high school, and didn't have the money or talent for college. Thus, I have taken a year off since I graduated, just working for minimum wage at the city pool and living with, you guessed it, my parents, who can't care less what I do as long as I'm not arrested. So you see, genes played no real role there. The one thing I can honestly thank genes for is also probably the reason for my luck: I have a big dick.

Now, I know that sounds conceited, but I'm just stating an empirical fact here. The average dick size in the United States today is six inches. Thanks to genes, I'm packing a solid nine, with the cajones to match. In that way, I was blessed from the beginning, and it is thanks to my dick that I am where I am today. Thanks to it, that is, because that's what first drew my girlfriend to me. That dick and a freshly mopped floor on a hot summer day a month after high school.

All I was doing was chilling out on a deck chair in the sun by the pool, watching little kids fool around so I could save them if they did something stupid. For instance, fifteen minutes previous, some idiot kid decided to face plant in the side of the pool as he was swimming and immediately spouted blood from both nostrils. He was fine, but his parents took him away anyway, dripping blood all the way to the locker rooms. I had to mop up said blood and then plopped down in the nearest chair to continue my sunny vigil. So it was only luck that could have influenced Taylor's walking past.

Taylor was one of those girls in high school that every guy dreamed of screwing, but couldn't because she was too perfect for such common debauchery. In other words, she was a tease. Her parents are the wealthiest people in town, and she is their only daughter. Thus, she was spoiled from the beginning, but also placed under immense pressure not to "soil the family name." Nonetheless, her boyfriend all through high school was the super stud football quarterback with a body like Adonis and a sure shot at a free ride to any college in the nation. And she still made him look slovenly in comparison. In my opinion, Taylor is hot enough she couldn't have soiled anything even if she wanted to. Her body makes goddesses seem homely, thanks to volleyball, cheerleading, and an extensive exercise program with the family (yeah, I said family) trainer. Toned and tan describes her perfectly. She's a 5' 7" blonde with baby blue eyes and a very large C cup. She's never had acne, braces, or a bad hair day. I've seen cripples walk again to get a better view of her ass as she walked away. It fills jeans or a bikini perfectly, sticking out just enough to catch your eye but not enough to be weird in any way. It's pert, supple, and as beautiful as a sunrise. Taylor is so much the epitome of a woman; I'm pretty sure her legs are naturally smooth. Combine that body with all that money, that pressure to succeed, and her being a tease, and she never even knew I existed. Never knew, that is, until she paid a visit that day to the pool so she could show off her new bikini.

It was a pale lavender bikini with light green stripes, cut small enough in the bottom to constantly reveal the bottom of her pristine ass. It fit her perfectly. That is the reason why I was staring at her openmouthed in my swimming trunks at the side of the pool instead of warning her as she walked toward me across the freshly mopped floor. All I could think about was staring at that ass after she walked past me, worshipping the way it swayed with her hips. I had almost convinced myself I could see the bumps of her nipples in her top by the time she reached the foot of my chair and slipped.

I maintain to this day that nose-blood from a clumsy nine-year-old makes tile slick as ice when you add it to water. Whether that statement is true or not, Taylor slipped regardless. Her legs shot out from underneath her toward the pool, pitching her whole body the opposite direction: right onto my chair. She shrieked as she fell, sunglasses flying, chest heaving in that lavender top, and right between my legs. Her waist hit the very end of the chair, which would have landed her head right between my thighs if she hadn't reached out to catch herself. As it were, she planted her right hand on my left thigh, stopping herself before her head hit the chair. She also absolutely flattened my cock in the process. I jumped and slid back, almost yelling at the sudden assault on my flaccid manhood, but that only pulled her hand farther down my dick. She froze, and stayed stock still for what must have been a good seven seconds, in shock. Now whether that reaction was from the fall or what she was feeling I don't know. What I do know is that even after she started breathing again and looking around her, it only took her a split second to realize that what she was gripping with her right hand wasn't chair or leg.

She jerked her head to face mine, eyes as wide as saucers, hair wild. I blushed as red as a tomato, grimacing at her stare. I could feel her hand working on my thigh, turning and gripping my dick, making sure that was indeed what she had landed on. Everyone around us was so stunned by her fall; they never noticed what was filling her palm on my leg. By the time I even thought to speak to her, however, her best friend, Kelly (also fine as hell), pulled her to her feet. She reluctantly slid her hand off my penis and unlocked her eyes from mine, letting her friend check her over for injuries.

"Oh my God, Taylor! Are you okay? This wet tile is fucking dangerous!" She flitted around her like a bird, in serious danger of falling herself.

"Yeah...yeah I'm fine, Kelly. Just startled." Taylor was still shooting glances at my groin, slowly opening and closing her hand. I was the only other one that knew what had actually startled her.

"Well thank the Lord that chair was there!" Kelly said, looking at me now as well, "And thank you for catching her...?"

I answered, my face still red and my dick tingling from her touch. "Brian. My name is Brian. We graduated together in May."

Both girls looked embarrassed, and I could tell they couldn't remember me, though I wasn't surprised. Finally Taylor chimed in. "Well, thank you Brian. I might have hurt myself! Maybe you should talk to your boss about putting a sign up or something on this damn tile. At any rate, it was nice to...fall into you!" She laughed, starting to walk away. "Thanks again. For everything. Have a good summer!" And then she was gone.

I stared at their taut young asses as they walked away, talking and laughing. I couldn't believe it! She had touched my dick! I kept picturing her surprised face, just a couple feet from my own, realizing my size. Needless to say, that one event ruined me for the rest of the day. All my work afterward passed in an automatic blur, a blank background to the memory of her touch. I was sure it was the lucky moment of my life, and the only time Taylor would ever notice me. Boy was I wrong.

The last of the swimmers and sunners had just been turned out to leave, and I was walking to my car, a towel around my wet trunks, ready to get home when she tapped me on the shoulder. 

I turned as she shouted, looking away from me briefly, "Kelly, just go on! I'll be there in a second!" then she turned to me, fixing me with those deep blue eyes. "Hi, Brian."

"Hi!" I stammered, surprised to see her again. "What's up, Taylor? I hope you aren't bruised up from your spill on the tile."

"I'm fine, Brian, forget about that. Just listen. I won't beat around the point here. I've been single since last winter after Kevin cheated on me, and my parents are convinced no one is good enough for me anymore. After you caught me in there and I felt...what I felt, I'm not so sure. I want a chance to, um, properly thank you. Will you come to my house tonight? My parents are on a business trip and won't be back for a week. I want to be able to get to know you better without them snooping around" She spoke frankly, staring up at me in total seriousness. Once again, I found myself openmouthed and in shock.

"Well, um, Taylor, um...I...huh?" What had she just said? Me? Her house! Properly thank me?!?

"Yes or no, Brian? I live at 69 South Maple Street. It's a big house with a green roof and a white picket fence around the yard. Please come! I'll be so lonely if you don't!"

I spurted out the only affirmative that could come fast enough, my mind finally realizing she was serious about the offer: "Yes! I'll be there at eight."

"Good." She smiled at me, patted my arm, and walked off, ass swaying behind her.

I went home, stunned. I showered and shaved both my face and my pubes, since I like how much more sensitive it makes my mound, plus it makes my dick look even bigger hanging below it. Afterward, I dressed again in shorts and a T-shirt, then sat on my bed for the next two hours, just thinking about her and trying not to rub my cock at her memory. I knew what she intended for me that night, and I couldn't believe it. All because some kid got a bloody nose and genes gave me a big cock!

Thus, I arrived at 69 South Maple exactly three hours after she invited me, awed by the place. She wasn't lying when she said it was a big house! It reminded me distinctly of one of those old southern plantation houses: huge, sporting a giant veranda lined with pillars, giant windows, and lots of white paint and delicate molding. The front doors are tall enough that a man could carry a fridge atop his head and still clear the top by a foot if he wanted to. The brass knocker dwarfed my hand as I mounted the porch steps and grasped it to announce my prompt arrival. I knew she had to be there, for the windows by and in the doors were brightly lit, though curtained heavily.

She answered almost before I could release the knocker, swinging the door wide open and smiling.

"Hey! I'm glad you came. I hope you didn't have any trouble finding the place; most people don't. Come in!"

I stumbled in silently, gaping at her. All she had on was a thong, knee socks, and a bra! They were all bright blue, the same shade as her eyes. The bra and thong also had thin yellow pinstripes running across the fabric, and pale yellow lace on the edges. The socks were plain, stretching from her knees to her toes. She had put her hair in glossy, shoulder-length pigtails. All in all she was adorable in that naughty-but-innocent way. It was all I could do to keep from groaning as I caught my first view of her bare ass, tan as the rest of her, bobbing away from me. It was so perfect! The stripes of her thong disappeared between its globes, drawing my eyes to the junction of her thighs beneath.

"Oh my God." I muttered, shutting the door behind me and walking after her. "I'm in heaven!" 

We walked straight into the middle of the largest living room I had ever seen, to a couch so large it must have been custom made for the room. Two people could have slept head-to-toe easily on it, and stretched out as well. It faced a massive flat screen T.V. mounted above a wrought iron fireplace, in which a fire roared. Plush chairs also abounded in the room, as did several stuffed deer, a bear, and a panther. Bookcases lined one wall. A great crystal chandelier shone directly down on us, lighting the room.

The couch sat just to the left of the door, facing away, and she led me to the far end of it, turning to face me as I took in the house.

She noticed my wandering gaze. "Huge, isn't it? I think Daddy went entirely overboard. Who the hell needs a chandelier that big?"

It was the understatement of the century, but I was polite and as smooth as could be. "It pales in comparison to you. We could be in a palace and I wouldn't notice anything but your body."

"Well thank you! Your anatomy is quite impressive as well. Do you like my outfit? I bought it today just for you."

"It suits you perfectly." I said, stepping close to her and looking down into her eyes, "but I'm afraid you won't be in it long."

"Hadn't planned on it, Mister Lifeguard!"

I smiled, chuckling, as I kissed her for the first time, wrapping my arms around her and pulling her to me. Her lips were warm and inviting, and they parted instinctively, letting my tongue through. Her mouth tasted minty, and she moaned softly as our tongues entwined and pressed together. I could feel her soft tits against my torso and her hands as they grabbed the fabric of my shirt behind me. There were no bones about it; she was desperate, hot, and deliberate. I could feel my cock beginning to stiffen in my shorts, thickening as she pawed at my back and moaned. 

We didn't break the kiss until neither of us could hold our breath any longer, falling away and gasping for air.

"Oh Lord! It's been so long!" She was smiling as she collapsed on the couch, legs spread.

"You're telling me! Not that I ever had a girl like you!"

"Well I'm all yours now, stud. Quit staring down at me and start undressing! Your shorts are starting to look a little tight!"

I looked down and had to laugh. The bulge was obvious after that kiss and after seeing her in that thong. Swiftly, I pulled my shirt over my head, suddenly self-conscious about my bony frame, though I was tan. Next went the shoes and shorts, discarded on the floor. Even in my boxer-briefs, it was obvious as to what was making the mound at my crotch. You could see the outline of my dick all the way down my thigh, ending just before the leg of my briefs did. She certainly noticed, judging by her sharp intake of breath and the way she pressed her tits together in her bra.

"Say, Taylor, isn't that bra uncomfortable? I couldn't possibly take a second longer to finish disrobing until you are more relaxed yourself."

"So gentlemanly! You know just how to treat a lady. Well, I wouldn't want you to have to remain in your underwear all evening."

Smiling, she leaned forward and reached behind her, swiftly undoing the clasp on her bra and whisking it away, revealing her tits. They were perfect for her size: as big as they could be without looking disproportionate. Her tan never faded, continuing from arm to nipple, and my dick twitched at the thought of her sunning naked in full view. Her nipples were pale, pink buttons in the middle of those bronze mountains, topped with pencil erasers. They were already puckered and hard from desire. Both breasts were naturally perky, and they begged to be caressed. All I could do was oblige.

In a flash, I was on my knees on the carpet between her legs, eye level with her boobs. She caught my meaning quickly, and leaned forward, eager to let me play with her chest.

I sucked her right one first, then the left, nibbling and licking extensively. Every time my teeth brushed one of her hardened nipples she let out a whine, squirming in her seat. Soon both tits were wet with my saliva, glistening in the light, red and extremely sensitive. One hand always massaged the tit that wasn't being licked, rubbing the nipple and palming flesh. The other hand rubbed her thighs, just barely brushing the band of thong at her waist. She groaned loudly, and did her part to pleasure me as well, rubbing my erection softly in my briefs with a stocking-clad foot.

Given that her pussy was maybe a foot away from my chin, it was no surprise to either of us that I only spent five minutes or so on her nipples, even though she's got the nicest rack I've ever seen. By that time, I was beginning to smell her musky heat through the fabric. I let the hand on her thigh travel to the junction of her legs and gently cup her cunt over the fabric. It was sopping wet and left my fingers damp with her juices. She moaned loudly at my touch and softly humped my hand, shoving her pelvis forward on the sofa. I knew it was time to give that pussy some attention.

Somewhat insistently, she pressed harder and harder on my hand, eyes closed, head rolled back, eager for a firm touch on her clit. Smiling, I helped her, grinding my palm into her little button and rubbing her lips through her thong with my fingers. My hand was already glistening, and the couch soon grew damp beneath her crotch as she humped my palm. Gasping, she massaged her own tits. She worked furiously, kneading them beneath her eager hands, caressing her nipples gently. Every now and then, she would pull one up to her mouth, where she could just barely reach her own nipple with a scarlet tongue. My cock twitched against my thigh with each heartbeat. Man she was horny!

I switched my grip after a few minutes, once I knew her slit would be as swollen and ready as could be. My fingers rubbed rapidly over her clit, still hidden behind her panties but easily able to be felt. My thumb ran up and down her slit, pushing some of the cotton fabric into her slick opening, outlining her labia. As more fabric disappeared inside her, I could see more of her pussy on each side of her thong. She was just as smooth as I was.

"Please, ungh! Please, something harder! Oooooh, God!"

She was desperate for a little more in her pussy than just her thong! Silently, I lifted my hand up to her mouth.

"Let's see how you taste first!"

She had my fingers in her mouth as fast as she could move, swiftly sucking my pinky. She moved from finger to finger, staring me in the eye the whole time, sucking like mad. Each digit was inserted to the knuckle, and by the time it was released, I could feel the blood pounding in the tip! She could suck the chrome off a bumper! Smiling, my hand cleansed of her fluids, she leaned back and pushed her twat toward me imperiously.

I laughed wryly. "Well, if it tastes that good...!" and I slowly pulled her thong out of her cunt and down to her ankles, leaving me eye-level with her swollen pussy.

Quickly, I knelt closer, licking her thighs, tasting her potent musk. She quivered with anticipation as I methodically cleaned my way to her slick lips. Lightly, I brushed her labia with my tongue, flicking her lips and running my tongue up and down her twat. She pressed harder against me and moaned, hands back at her taut nipples.

She wanted penetration, but I decided to wait just a little longer. Slowly, I moved up to her exposed clit, rubbed to erection. Like a cat, I pressed the flat of my tongue against it, lapping at her pleasure center hungrily. She groaned loudly and buried a hand in my hair, pressing me closer. With my mouth shoved against her clitoris, I started sucking it, just as hard as she had removed her fluid from my fingers. She bucked against my face like she'd been shot, and gasped for air to yell. She was approaching her first orgasm thanks to my deft tongue and her eager fingers at her tits. That was the sign I was waiting for.

After just a few minutes of sucking and lapping at her clit, I moved to her sweet opening quickly. Without so much as stopping to lick the juices from it, I shoved my tongue as deep inside her as it would go.

"God, Oooohh, Yes! Yes! Yes!"

She yelled as I fucked her with my tongue, bobbing my head back and forth, bumping her clit with my nose. She wrapped her legs around my head, pulling me close to her, firmly inserting my tongue into her wet twat. She was close. Very close. I rubbed my cock through my underwear as she humped my face with wild abandon, hair askew, head lolling, moaning like an animal.
