 It was late summer when Fiona finally took a well deserved holiday; she was a single mother, and worked hard to support her family after her separation over a year ago. It was time for her to get out there and live a little and get a great suntan. She had asked her close friend Shonagh to come on holiday with her and with a little persuading her friend finally agreed. 

Fiona is 40 yrs old and stands at 5' 7" tall with shoulder length brownish/blonde hair and an ample bosom of 42F. Ok Fiona is carrying a few more pounds than she would like but she carries it well. Her close friend Shonagh is also 40 yrs old and 5' 5" tall, medium build and she has to have the best legs ever. When they both get together for a night on the town no guy is safe, specially with Shonagh.

It was decided that they would holiday on the island of Tenerife as the weather would not be as hot as it was in the height of summer. As the holiday approached they were both nervous and excited about what this time together would bring. Both women had packed there smallest bikini and there sexiest underwear, well this was the place of sun, sea and sex that they were going to, and they were going to make sure they enjoyed their holiday to the fullest.

There flight departed at 8am, so it was an early morning rise for them both. Since, Fiona lived closer to the airport Shonagh decided to stay at her friends place as it would save on taxi fare. It was 5am they had to be up and out of bed for the taxi at 5:30 as it was only a 20 minute journey to the airport.

They didn't sleep all that much that night as they lay in bed next to each other talking about this and that. They had been drinking before bed so they were both a little tipsy, and of course being such close friends there hands tended to stray a little. They touched and played with each others' breasts, diddled each others' and their own pussies a little and a few wet kisses were also shared to.

They were woken when the alarm went off at 4:50am the next morning, both women jumped out of bed and showered together to save a little on time and of course they washed each others' bodies while giggling and sharing a few more kisses. Once washed they both dried each other off and were ready at 5:25am. The taxi was outside prompt at 5:30 and then they were off to catch their flight.

They got to the airport with time to spare and bought a newspaper and few other things for the flight. In no time at all they were on the aircraft and winging their way to Tenerife. As they were half way to their destination they noticed a young couple slip into one of the toilets on the plane and it was obvious what they were up to as half the aircraft could hear them.

"God damn Fiona, I wish that was me in there getting a good fucking" she giggled.

"Yeah the poor guy would be lucky to come out of there in one piece, you would eat him alive." Fiona said with a wicked grin on her face.

"Oh well maybe on the way back we can join the mile high club too." Shonagh piped up.

The rest of the flight was mainly uneventful, apart from the stewardess dropping a drink on an older gentleman's lap which Shonagh thought was hysterical at the time. Soon enough they were landing in Tenerife and then on to there hotel which was about 50 yards from the beach. As it was just coming up for noon they thought about a light lunch and then hitting the beach. 

Laying there on their towels they noticed a lot of the women had discarded their tops and were laying topless getting a an almost all over tan. Shonagh soon had her bikini top off and rubbed her suntan lotion on her boobs to make sure she didn't burn. Fiona just watched and thought about it then decided maybe next time.

Just then she felt some sand land on her face, as she looked up a man had been flicking his towel to get rid of the sand that had collected on it.

"Oh I am so sorry honey, I didn't mean to flick the sand on to you." he said.

Her eyes were like saucers as she listened to his accent. He was a Scotsman. Shonagh also heard him speak and her eyes were all over him to as she listened to him apologizing to her friend.

"Let me buy you dinner to make it up to you?" he asked Fiona.

"And what about me, don't I get an invite to?" 

Shonagh asked as she turned round and batted her eyelashes at him.

"Are you both together?" he said looking at both women.

Both women smiled and nodded together. Arrangements were made for later that night as Fiona and Shonagh gathered there belongings and headed back to their hotel to get ready for their night out with a Scotsman.

Eric was no hunk, he stood at 5' 10" with short brown hair and deep blue eyes. He was a bit on the big side but neither woman cared. They had been without a man for a long time now as both Fiona and Shonagh had been separated about a year now. 

Although they flirted with men at the Salsa classes it never went much further than that. But, hearing a Scots accent, and being on holiday they were both starting to feel that old tingle run down their spine to their pussy.

Both women were standing waiting for Eric to meet them in front of their hotel as they had arranged earlier in the day. And right on time, Eric appeared in front of them with a single red rose for each of them, and off they walked with Eric between them with an arm draped around each other their waists.

Their evening went great, they ate, drank and danced until it was almost midnight. They all enjoyed themselves immensely, so much so that they invited Eric back to their hotel room. On the way up in the elevator Shonagh kissed Eric on the mouth and thanked him for a lovely evening and not to be outdone Fiona done the same.

By the time the elevator doors opened at their floor, they were practically pulling Eric's shirt off and smothering him in kisses. As they got to where their room was, Fiona unlocked the door; and they all fell inside in a heap on the floor as the door swung open and then swung closed again.

Soon they both had Eric stripped naked and then began to strip each other. Soon they were all naked and both women started to put on a show for their Scotsman. As they kissed and fondled each others breasts Eric began to masturbate watching them. Soon enough they were both on the floor with Fiona on the floor as her friend straddled her face and lowered her dripping cunt onto her face.

Shonagh sat up straight as her friend's tongue thrust into her gaping pussy. By now Eric was sporting an 8 inch hard-on as he wanked himself watching the ladies in a 69. Shonagh had fallen forward and latched her lips around her friends sopping cunt while rubbing her clit between her finger and thumb. Both women came with a shuddering orgasm.

Eric got up and moved over to where the women were laying on the floor and put his cock head at the entrance to Shonagh's cunt. And in one movement was balls deep inside her.

"Oh fuck yes!" 

They both cried out as Fiona gently squeezed his balls at the same time she rubbed her friends clit.

He began to fuck Shonagh with long slow strokes, but the more Fiona played with his balls the faster he began to fuck her friend. By now Shonagh was just about at the edge of another orgasm and as Eric ran a finger over her cunt lips and then pushed it to the knuckle into her ass, which sent her over the edge and into another shuddering climax as she flopped off Fiona and onto the floor.

Fiona was still laying on the floor in front of him as Shonagh picked herself up off the floor and staggered over to the king sized bed. She collapsed onto it and was soon purring away as she drifted off to sleep. Seeing his hard-on above her she reached out for it and took it into her hand and began to slowly stroke it as she rolled over on to her stomach and on to her knees.

"Ohhhh!" 

Fiona moaned as her lips spread over his cock and feeling it's heat as she held him in her hands. 

"Ohhh Eric I want you to fuck me now...right now!" she screamed.

"Not yet baby, we still have time to play." 

He said and gently pushed her head down to his lap. 

Her soft lips closed around his cock, taking just the head into her warm, wet mouth and sucking it gently, her tongue licking the sensitive area just under the head of his dick. Eric groaned, his dick throbbing between Fiona's lips and thrust his cock all the way into her mouth. It felt so good, she took it all and sucked on it until she sensed Eric was about to cum, and then slid it out of her mouth with a noisy slurping sound.

She pressed her body up into him and rubbed against him feeling his hard cock press into her thigh. Pulling her hands free she tangled them in his hair. Her voice was barely audible. 

"I love your mouth." 

She rubbed on him more and felt him begin to throb. 

"Baby please, I need you." 

Moaning, she tried to shift so he could enter her. 

"Fuck me Eric, oh please fuck me!" 

She moaned, sitting back up and sliding her tongue over his lips. 

"I want to feel you cum inside me!" 

She said desperately, rubbing her pussy lips over his cock.

Growling low in the back of his throat, he shoved his hips violently upward, slamming his throbbing prick full force into her dripping cunt. She bucked wildly on top of him, his cock stretched her insides and rubbed against her g-spot in ways that she'd never experienced before. She slammed herself down into him, fucking him wildly as he fucked her harder than she'd ever been fucked before until both of their bodies went rigid as they started cumming together.

"Oh god yessss!" she moaned out.

"Fuck you are still hard, looks like we have some unfinished business to take care of." 

She said with a wicked grin.

He pushed into her a bit farther and took a deep breath. Then withdrawing from her and pushing in slowly again. He took his time to savour the feel of her stretching around him, wanting her to feel every inch. She was tight and he loved the feel of it. He moved both hands to cup her ass lifting her up as he stood and carried her over and pressed her against the wall. Instinctively she wrapped her legs around his waist and pulled him tightly to her. His cock was throbbing again. 

She arched her hips to meet his, wrapping her arms around his neck. Reaching up he cupped a breast and ran his thumb over the nipple then he arched his hips up causing her to gasp. Together they found a rhythm. He gasped feeling her nails dig into his chest, to gain leverage. They were both finding it hard to breathe. He wanted to take it slowly but found himself fucking her faster and faster.

"Fuck me you bastard, harder!" she yelled at him.

He was now fucking her so hard that she was making a dent in the wall behind her with her ass. As she pushed herself from the wall his legs buckled and he collapsed to the floor with her still on top of him and him still inside of her. Fiona began to ride his cock as if she were on a horse. She wanted him to cum in her so badly now.

"Come on Eric fuck me, I want to feel you cum inside my pussy!" she screamed at him.

That did it for him, he rolled her over on to her back and put her legs over his shoulders and began to fuck in earnest now.

"Oh fuck yes that's it, I want you to cum in me right now!" she yelled.

As Fiona's orgasm began to rip through her Eric thrust one last time deep into her sopping cunt and unloaded his spunk into her and they both came together. He could feel her pussy milking every single drop of cum he had in his balls. As soon as they finished cumming he rolled off her and lay beside her.

After a few moments they recovered enough and Fiona led him into bed where they cuddled into each other and after a few shared kisses.

"Are you ready for more Tiger?" Shonagh asked as she sat up with a naughty grin on her face.