 A while ago, I realised that my bathroom window overlooked my neighbours garden. One afternoon, I climbed out of the shower, and opened the window to let some cool air in. Looking out, I noticed that Wendy, my neighbour, was laying on the short grass. The sun beat down as she lay on her front on a towel. I watched her round buttocks clench under her pale green bikini bottoms as she kicked her feet in the air. Sweat trickled down her back, her bikini top discarded to prevent unsightly tan lines. She looked up, calling into her house for more sun cream. As she lifted her head, the topmost swells of her ripe breasts came into view, blonde hair spilling over her shoulders. I felt my arousal stirring as I looked over her shapely, 42 year old body. Expecting to see her husband appear with the sun lotion, I was surprised when a short, busty girl with jet black hair came into the garden, her voluptuous curves clad in a tight black bikini. My erection brushed against the cool tiles as I leant forward, watching as the girl knelt beside Wendy, and squirted sun lotion into her hands. She began to apply it to Wendy's smooth back, sliding up across her shoulders and neck. Her delicate hands drifted over the soft tanned skin. I began to softly stroke my full erection as the younger woman's finger tips eased under the waistband of Wendy's bikini bottoms. 

Using more lotion, she began to massage it into Wendy's firm thighs and calves. Wendy's shapely legs parted slightly, and I noticed that the girls hands gently brushed Wendy's crotch as her hands manipulated her thighs. I watched amazed as the girl slid Wendy's bikini between her buttocks, and her hands began to rub in sun lotion with caressing, squeezing motions. My hand moved faster along my shaft as the girl whispered into Wendy's ear. She leant back, allowing the older woman to roll onto her back, revealing her bare breasts, a cheeky smile on her full lips. The younger woman, eyes gleaming, stroked her cream covered fingers across Wendy's toned belly. I masturbated swiftly as she straddled Wendy, her soft thighs pressed against her smooth flanks. Wendy closed her eyes and smiled as the black haired girl smoothed lotion into Wendy's full breasts, her fingers catching on the stiff pink nipples. Her long fingers massaged and kneaded the firm flesh, her nails digging in, making Wendy squirm slightly and her smile wider. I felt my swollen head throbbing as Wendy opened her blue eyes. She reached up, tangling her fingers in wavy black hair. She pulled the younger woman's head down to her own until their soft lips met. The girls large, bikini clad breasts pressed against Wendy's bare, tanned mounds as the pair kissed hungrily. The girls hands eased over Wendy's body, their tongues lashing in each others mouths as Wendy's hands tightly gripped the raven headed girls taut buttocks, the girls teasing hands having driven them both wild with lust.

I closed my eyes as I orgasmed, cum spattering my stomach and fingers. I opened them again, only to find both of the women looking up at me! I realised that I must have grunted loudly as I came. Wendy stood, beckoning me with a stern look on her face before going into her house. Cleaning myself up, I dressed and went next door. I rang the bell, and it was answered by the curvy young woman. She invited me in and closed the door.

"Hi, I'm Rebecca." she said, green eyes shining. "Wendy's just showering the sun lotion off, she'll be down in a bit." she leaned closer, and I felt one large breast press against my arm.

"She's a bit angry" Rebecca said "but when I knew you were watching us, I felt really turned on." she purred, her tongue tracing my ear. I felt my crotch stirring as, hearing footsteps on the stairs, Rebecca sat on the couch, a slight smile on her pretty mouth, nipples tenting her black bikini top. Wendy appeared on the stairs, a white towel wrapped around her body from under her arms to mid thigh. She sat in a wide armchair and crossed her legs, the towel falling open to her waist, baring her shapely tanned thigh.

"So, you enjoy spying on women do you?" she asked. I shook my head, about to speak.

"I think Rebecca and I should get something in return, don't you?" she said, looking at the dark haired girl, who just smiled, her bare foot bouncing. Wendy's hand ran along her own thigh teasingly. 

"Strip." she ordered. I stood, shocked until I saw the look in her blue eyes. I quickly stripped down to my underwear. Wendy looked on expectantly.

"And the rest." she purred huskily. I dropped them, and felt my shaft stiffening under the hungry gazes of Wendy's blue and Rebecca's green eyes. 

"What do you think, honey?" Wendy said, her eyes fixed on my erection.

"Looks delicious to me." Rebecca replied. 

"What now?" Wendy mused. She looked into my eyes, unwrapping her towel, baring her full breasts. She slowly opened her legs wide, hooking her calves over the arms of her chair. The strip of golden curls shone wetly, attesting to her own arousal. She beckoned to me, and I moved to kneel between her spread thighs. I kissed her soft inner thighs, smelling her sweet musky scent. She murmured as my tongue teased along her folds, her blonde hair brushing my nose before I lifted my head to suckle her clitoris. She began to pant and moan softly as I lapped hungrily, my hands stroking her thighs and belly. When she suddenly stopped making any sounds, I lifted my head from her crotch. I saw Rebecca standing beside the armchair, her bikini top hanging from her hand, Wendy's lips latched around a small hard nipple. Smiling down at me, Rebecca placed one of her delicate hands on the back of my head, pushing my face back to Wendy's honey pot. Wendy's thighs closed on my head, passing over my shoulders. I gripped her hips as her legs hung down my back, crossed at the ankles. Reaching out blindly with one hand, I found Rebecca's ankle. I fondled the firm calf and smooth thigh until I felt shiny material against my hand, the damp heat of her crotch soaking through. I massaged her as I busily licked Wendy, making both women moan loudly. Wendy's thighs clenched, forcing my mouth harder against her crotch. Her hot juice filled my mouth as she cried loudly. I lapped at her eagerly, tasting her sweet fluid. Her legs relaxed and I stood. Wendy sat slumped in the chair, eyes closed, breasts rising and falling, a red flush across her chest and cheeks. Rebecca stepped in front of me, her voluptuous body pressed against me, bare nipples poking at my chest. She ground her hip against my erection as her tongue slipped into my mouth, our lips mashed together. We fondled one another's buttocks as she kissed me wildly, tasting her lovers pussy in my mouth. 

I saw her green eyes glint as she slowly kissed down my chest and stomach, her large breasts brushing my thighs. I pushed her wavy black hair back from her face, allowing her mesmerising green eyes to stare into mine as her pink tongue licked from behind my heavy balls to the tip of my erection. Her red lips closed around my rock hard shaft before she slowly sucked my whole length into her pretty mouth until her chin rested against my balls. I felt the velvety softness of her throat against the tip of my member, and her tongue swirled around my length, her teeth gently nipping at my foreskin. She gripped my ass, her nails digging in as her mouth worked its magic. She pulled her lips back to close around the tip as I came, my pent up load jetting into her mouth. Cum leaked from the corner of her mouth as she crawled over to Wendy. She climbed up Wendy's prone, shapely body. With her large, perfectly shaped breasts resting against Wendy's, she positioned her mouth over Wendy's. She parted her lips, letting my cum dribble out to coat Wendy's lips, and trickle into her mouth. Rebecca pressed her mouth to Wendy's, sticky white sperm oozing from between their lips as they kissed, swallowing my spunk as they did. They looked up and both gave me a sultry smile, licking cum from each others chins. They stood, caressing each others backs and asses, and led me upstairs. Rebecca lay back on the bed, her long legs hanging over the edge, while Wendy used her gentle hands to tease me hard again. She climbed onto the bed with Rebecca, one tanned leg swinging over her slim waist to straddle the flat stomach. Leaning forward, she lifted Rebecca's shapely legs upright, and yanked the tight black bikini over her hips and thighs, exposing a tight, pink, shaven pussy. Wendy pushed Rebecca's legs wide open, stretching the wet pussy, and beckoning me forward. Gripping my shaft, Wendy rubbed my swollen head along the length of Rebecca's slit, making her moan and squirm, her flat belly wriggling against Wendy's sticky labia. 

I held Rebecca's slender ankles, my fingers entwining around Wendy's. Rebecca gasped slightly as I drove into her, my thick cock stretching her. Wendy shuddered as Rebecca's writhing belly ground into her pussy. I thrust my stiff shaft into Rebecca, watching her hands stroke Wendy's smooth thighs, hips and stomach, her long nails gently scratching over the skin before reaching up to fondle the round breasts, pinching and pulling the hard nipples. In reply, Wendy sucked and licked Rebecca's toes and feet, one hand slipping down to tease Rebecca's clit while my cock piled into her wet, pink pussy. Rebecca's moans rolled into a long throaty groan as her pussy clenched and relaxed around my hard cock. Wendy's hips slid back, pressing her firm ass to Rebecca's impressive chest as she humped her sticky wet pussy against Rebecca's toned stomach. I felt hot fluid wash over my shaft and balls as Rebecca howled, her pussy spasming, body trembling. Her toes curled as Wendy and I licked them. The feel of Wendy's tongue against mine as we sucked and licked drove me over the edge. I came hard, my hips banging against Rebecca's ass as I shot a thick load of hot spunk deep inside her. I pulled out, her stretched lips coated in pussy juice and cum. Smiling at Wendy, I pushed her face down between Rebecca's thighs, and watched her nimble tongue lick the bald pussy clean. Rebecca stirred at the feeling of the tongue on her sensitive clitoris. I moved down the bed, my mouth and hands caressing the bodies of both gorgeous women. I kissed Wendy's ripe buttocks, my fingers disappearing into her slick hole. 

My mouth moved to Rebecca's large, firm breasts, biting and sucking the nipple, kissing the soft skin. Wendy panted as my fingers plundered her pussy, then gasped as two of Rebecca's fingers joined mine inside her. She rocked back, hard, driving the four fingers into her stretched pussy. Her hand grabbed my cock as it rested on Rebecca's leg, gripping it firmly and sliding along its full length. We lay together, masturbating, until Wendy cried out, her muscles spasming around our fingers, squashing them together. Her fist squeezed my cock, and I orgasmed, a thick jet of cum shooting over the smooth pale skin of Rebecca's thigh and Wendy's fingers. She hungrily devoured my cum, even as Rebecca slurped Wendy's juice from our fingers. We rested for a while, laying in a tangle of naked bodies. I felt Rebecca's soft lips kiss my neck as Wendy's hands softly fondled my cock into another rigid erection. She teased me, a wicked gleam in her eye as she pulled my foreskin back and smeared the pre cum with one gentle thumb. I smiled at her as she straddled me, trapping my erection between my body and her sticky pussy, her ripe breasts brushing my chest as she leant forward to kiss me. Our tongues tangled together, and then I felt one of Rebecca's hands grip my hard shaft. 

As Wendy and I kissed more deeply, her teeth nipping at my tongue, Rebecca slowly fed me into her older lovers wet pussy. I felt Wendy's breath deepen in my mouth as I gently tilted my hips to push deeper into her. The shapely 42 year old blonde sat back, biting her lower lip as she took me fully inside her. Rebecca's green eyes travelled over our bodies as Wendy slowly rocked her hips, grinding at me. I held her curvy hips to steady her as she lifted herself up and down. Looking at Rebecca, I saw the voluptuous brunette was slowly stroking her shaven pussy, her legs spread as she watched us. Wendy whimpered and moaned as she rode me faster, her wet pussy squelching as it thumped against my groin. Rebecca moved closer, capturing one of Wendy's hard nipples between her white teeth, pulling at it softly. She pushed her wet fingers into our mouth's, letting us hungrily suck her juices from them. I stroked Rebecca's smooth back with one hand, while the other slid from Wendy's throat, over her chest and ripe breasts, firm belly, and down to the strip of downy hair between her wide open thighs. I teased her clit, making her groan loudly. Rebecca settled behind Wendy, kissing her lovers neck and back as she held the older woman's buttocks, helping lift her up and down my rock hard member. She whispered filthy encouragement in Wendy's ear as I felt her pussy clenching and squeezing me. Her breasts bounced as she rode me, her cries getting louder by the second. I felt my cock throbbing inside her, my balls tightening. Rebecca slipped her fingers into Wendy's mouth, her own lips and tongue caressing the smooth skin of the blondes neck. Spit coated Rebecca's fingers as she grinned at me over Wendy's shoulder. I felt her hand move between my legs. As Wendy arched her back, her pussy gushing and twitching, loud cries of pleasure from her mouth, Rebecca's wet finger pushed up my ass, sending a powerful climax rushing through my body. I groaned and grunted loudly, holding Wendy's hips to drag her back onto me as I erupted, the thick, hot spunk pulsing inside her, until it drooled out of her, slicking her thighs. She climbed off of me, strings of cum between my cock head and her pussy. 

Rebecca slurped my cock into her mouth, her finger still gently teasing my ass. Wendy stroked her black hair as her head bobbed, goading me on.

"Cum in her mouth. I want to see your spunk drip off her chin. Fuck her mouth like the slut she is." Wendy said. I could feel Rebecca's hair on my thighs, her chin on my balls as she gobbled at me hungrily. Her finger probed inside me, making my balls tighten. I pulled Wendy to me, my mouth pressing to her breasts, licking, kissing, nipping, sucking at the soft skin and hard bud of nipple. I felt her nails drag across my chest. Rebecca let me drop from her mouth, and gripped me in her free hand. She smiled sweetly as she simultaneously jerked her hand down my shaft and stimulated me inside. I watched as my cock jumped in her fist, thick jets of cum spattering her pretty face, spurting across her nose, cheeks, mouth, and chin. A thick glob of semen dripped from her chin to drop onto my balls. Wendy leant in, her tongue lapping the sperm from the tip of my cock, and my balls. Totally drained, I lay back, watching the two women kiss, my spunk being smeared over their faces. I watched as Rebecca sucked the fresh semen from Wendy's pussy. I watched them slowly, passionately suck one another's toes, before Wendy trailed her spit slicked toes over her young lovers wet, shaven pussy. Rebecca reached down, slipping one big toe between her labia. Exhausted, I watched the raven haired Rebecca masturbate herself with Wendy's foot. Wendy grabbed one of Rebecca's petite feet and shoved the big toe inside herself, wild with lust as the two women foot fucked each others sloppy, spunk filled pussies. I could hear the squelching as they moaned and grunted, I could smell the musky scent of sex. As drained as I was, my cock slowly rose once more, the head swollen and red, sticky with cum and juices. Each of the women stretched over with their spare foot, squeezing my hard cock between their soles. I groaned and began to slide my cock between their feet as they fucked one another. 

I listened as Rebecca began to talk dirty, filth spilling from her pretty mouth as she rampantly fucked her own pussy with Wendy's foot. Her voice grew louder until she screamed at the top of her voice, her orgasm wracking her busty figure, the intensity after so many other climaxes causing her to pass out. Wendy and I barely noticed. We each grabbed one of Rebecca's pretty feet and pressed it harder to our own needy crotches. Wendy grunted and whimpered as her pussy spasmed around Rebecca's toes, three of them know stretching the blonde's gaping cunt. She flexed her toes as she came, gripping my swollen cock head tightly. My balls lifted and I cried out, hips pumping as I came once more, a smaller load of my cum shooting up to spatter over the two women's feet. I collapsed back and instantly fell asleep. When we all woke, we were still laying together, Wendy and Rebecca still with their feet dripping in cum and pussy juices.