 Sandra and John picked up a couple of bottles of wine and ambled next door to Lynn and Martin's house. The two ladies had arranged during the week for the four of them to get together for lunch and then just chill out on the patio.

Lynn had put together a nice chicken salad and the white wine that Sandra & John provided would compliment it. John and Martin cracked open a couple of cans of beer and settled down at the table on the patio, leaving the ladies to do whatever they wanted to do with the food before it was served.

The two couples had known each other for a few years, as they were members of the same sports / health club and often saw each other in the bar after they'd worked out or had a game of tennis. Both ladies always looked lovely in their tennis outfits and both men were frequently distracted when the ladies were on court. Sandra was about two inches taller than Lynn at approx 5ft 5ins but their figures were very similar: very slim, reflecting the energy they put into their sports, 34-26-32, with well toned legs.

Both ladies had opted for halter style tops and shorts as their mode of dress for lunch. John and Martin were looking forward to seeing those removed in favour of the bikinis they hoped had been worn underneath once lunch was finished.

As neither couple had children the conversation tended to be about work or the various intrigues at the sports club. The latest rumour was that one of the cleaners had found one mixed doubles partnership in the ladies changing room late on the previous Friday. The details were still vague and it wasn't clear whether their respective life-partners had heard about it yet. Sandra was of the opinion that that wouldn't make any difference having overheard a conversation between the women a month previously. She'd concluded that it seemed that they regularly had fun with each other's partners. All four people on the patio let their minds wander as they ate their lunch. 

Once lunch had been finished and the plates cleared away, John and Martin unfolded the sun loungers so that the ladies could stretch out and relax. When the ladies rejoined the men they set their glasses of wine down and then seemed to do a synchronised removal of their outer clothes. Both men enjoyed watching both ladies untie their halter-tops and peel them away from their breasts. In Sandra's case she revealed a white bikini top that clung to her breasts and through which her areolas and nipples could just be made out. Lynn revealed a bright blue bikini that consisted of two tiny triangles of material that covered her nipples but very little else. John couldn't help but stare and looked up to see Martin watching him. John raised his eyebrows and mouthed "Wow" to Martin, who just acknowledged it with a smile and nod.

The ladies settled down to relax in the sun and the men nursed their beers.

After about half an hour Sandra asked John to put some suntan lotion on her back.

"Don't worry" said Lynn "I'll take care of that. John, you just sit back and enjoy your beer."

There were no complaints from John or Martin about that. As Lynn picked up the bottle of lotion both of the men couldn't help but watch. Lynn poured a dollop of lotion into her hands, put the bottle on the ground and then rubbed her hands together. Lynn then leaned over Sandra and started massaging her shoulders, the cream doing its job of lubricating Sandra's skin and allowing Lynn's hands to glide smoothly over it.

"Mmm, that's so nice." said Sandra.

"Just wait until I get started properly." replied Lynn.

Lynn's hands rubbed Sandra's shoulders then gradually edged down her back until they reached the cord of Sandra's bikini. Without any pause Lynn immediately loosened the cord and peeled it away from Sandra's back. She then picked up the suntan lotion and put another large dollop of lotion in her hands.

The loosening of the bikini cord allowed the material to drop away from Sandra's breasts but the men could only catch a glimpse of her flesh before Lynn leaned over to continue to apply the lotion. Sandra continued to make pleasurable noises as Lynn combined firm pressure and light strokes to ease away Sandra's aches and make her skin tingle.

When Lynn reached Sandra's bikini bottoms, again she did not hesitate to loosen the ties at the tops of Sandra's legs. This time she peeled the material away from Sandra's bum and let it rest on top of the backs of Sandra's thighs. John assumed that the bikini would be returned to its rightful position once Lynn had applied lotion to Sandra's bum cheeks. In the meantime both men were squinting to try to peek between the tops of Sandra's thighs. John looked up to see Lynn catching Martin's eye and shake her head slightly. Martin made a slight coughing sound and looked away but John glanced down and could see a telltale bulge in his shorts.

Lynn started applying lotion again. She started at Sandra's waist and massaged the lotion into Sandra's skin with circular strokes. After a little while she moved to the bottom of the lounger and rubbed the lotion in with vertical strokes from Sandra's waist down over her bum cheeks to the tops of her thighs. The position was slightly awkward for Lynn so she moved onto the lounger, gently parting Sandra's legs. As she did so of course the bikini bottom just dropped between Sandra's thighs and disappeared. Both John and Martin had dry mouths as they looked down and could just about see Sandra's vagina from the back.

Lynn again refreshed the lotion on her hands and then started massaging Sandra's legs, from the backs of her knees upwards to her bum. She was using the classic stroke of the palm and fingers moving up the backs of the legs and the thumbs moving up the insides of the thighs. As she moved to the tops of Sandra's thighs, Lynn's thumbs would move out and across Sandra's bum cheeks, opening Sandra up but not making any contact with her intimate parts. Even though there was no contact, the massage seemed to be having an effect. Sandra's outer labia were visible and there seemed to be slight moisture at her entrance.

John was enthralled as Lynn leaned forwards and breathed in deeply, taking in Sandra's aroma. He knew what a sweet scent that was and was itching to swap places with Lynn. At the same time, though, he wanted to see how far Lynn planned to go. As Lynn continued to massage Sandra's bum she leaned further forwards. John thought she was going to bury her face between Sandra's thighs but Lynn stopped a few inches from them and held her position. John watched as Lynn opened her mouth and then just breathed out gently, blowing air over Sandra's exposed opening.

Sandra started panting "Oh God!! Yes" and seemed to try to alternately press herself into the lounger and then raise her bum towards Lynn's face. Each time she raised herself Lynn would move away and then follow her back down. Both men watched this intimate dance of the two ladies, the bulges in their shorts becoming very uncomfortable.

After about five minutes of this teasing, on the next upstroke of her thumb, Lynn made contact with Sandra's labia, eliciting a long "Ooh" and then she rested the thumb of her other hand at the entrance to Sandra's vagina. A slight pressure allowed her thumb to enter and that was all that was required for Sandra to emit a groan that John recognised as orgasmic. It also caused Sandra to frantically move her hips, desperate for more penetration but Lynn maintained control, keeping her thumb just at Sandra's entrance, moving it slightly to maintain the stimulation as Sandra moved around.

"Please!!" Sandra begged and Lynn finally took pity (of sorts) on her, removing the thumb and sitting back.

Sandra continued to twitch for a little while but then calmed down and just uttered a long moan followed by "Wow". She seemed to be disabled following the intense feelings she had experienced and just continued to lie on her stomach breathing deeply. John thought that she might even have fallen asleep!

In the meantime Lynn looked at both men with a twinkle in her eyes and a grin on her face and moved back to her lounger. Before she laid back down she removed her own bikini completely. John took in his neighbour's body in all its naked glory for the first time. His gaze travelled from her neck down, lingering at her breasts and then moving down to her groin. When he realised that Lynn was completely shaven John found that his mouth was completely dry again as he could make out Lynn's labia between her slightly parted legs.

Both men seemed to be hypnotised by the gorgeous figure revealed to them. When Lynn raised her hands and beckoned both men over to her with her fingers they both rose out of their seats and made their way across. John and Martin positioned themselves on their knees on towels either side of Lynn's lounger and they felt her hands stroke up the outside of their shorts, tracing the outlines of their erections.

As Lynn reached the tops of their flies she pulled the zips down then used her hands to lever their cocks out of the openings. John was relieved to see that Martin was also already leaking pre-cum from the end of his cock following the earlier erotic display. Both men loosened their shorts completely and let them drop down their thighs to pool at their knees. Lynn was demonstrating how ambidextrous she was by maintaining the same rhythm stroking both cocks. As she reached the top of each cock she would use her thumb to spread the leaking pre-cum over the head of each cock. John was thrilled to have his cock held by a woman other than Sandra for the first time since they had started dating 10 years before. He wasn't sure how long he would be able to last.

John closed his eyes and was revelling in the sensations when he heard Martin utter an "oh", which caused him to look across at his neighbour. Lynn's hand was continuing to stroke Martin but Martin had spread his legs a little and John could see a hand playing with Martin's balls. John realised that Sandra had recovered from her post orgasm 'black-out' and was now helping Lynn in her ministrations of the men. As John watched, Sandra moved on her lounger so that she was behind Martin and could stroke his thighs and balls as Lynn increased the pace of her strokes. Sandra leaned towards Martin and gently pressed her lips against his bum cheeks. Whilst continuing to stroke his thighs and balls Sandra proceeded to cover Martin's cheeks with little kisses. Then her hand reached through Martin's legs and her thumb and forefinger encircled the base of Martin's cock. Sandra matched Lynn's rhythm on Martin and in a matter of seconds Martin's hips started thrusting backwards and forwards as he moaned "Oh yes! I'm going to come.". Both ladies continued stroking as a stream of come erupted from Martin's cock and landed on Lynn's breasts, followed quickly by a second and third stream at which point Sandra removed her hand and Martin rested back against Sandra's lounger. Lynn continued to stroke him but only one more dribble emerged.

As it ran onto her fingers, Lynn lifted her hand to her mouth and cleaned Martin's sperm off her hand. Lynn had slowed down her stroking of John and he was sure that if she hadn't he would also have come by now. As they all watched, Lynn trailed her fingers through the come on her breasts and then lifted them to her lips. The second time she did that Sandra grabbed her arm and fed Lynn's fingers into her own mouth. This was almost too much for John. His hips started moving, finding his own stimulating rhythm for his cock as it moved through Lynn's fingers. Sandra could tell how close John was to coming so she positioned herself so that she could lean over Lynn's body and enclose the tip of John's cock with her lips. The moment John felt Sandra's mouth enclose his cock he came with a shout of "Oh fuck, yes!".

Sandra felt the first spurt from John's cock hit the roof of her mouth and she automatically swallowed it. Lynn continued to stroke John's cock to milk his come out of him. Sandra resisted the urge to swallow the second and third emission then she removed her mouth from John's cock and planted her lips over Lynn's. There was only a brief hesitation before Lynn's lips opened and both ladies were kissing with gusto, transferring Johns sperm between them.

This exhibition had the effect of rejuvenating Martin. With his restored erection before him, Martin moved between Lynn's legs. John looked down and could see moisture dripping from Lynn's vagina. Her out labia were definitely more prominent that Sandra's and he couldn't help but reach down and run his fingers through them. His fingers were inundated with Lynn's love juice and he raised them to his mouth, enjoying the first taste of his neighbour. He repeated the action and this time offered his fingers to Sandra, who showed no hesitation in taking them into her own mouth.

As John and Sandra watched, Martin moved forwards and eased his erection into his wife. Martin quickly set up a rhythm that he and his wife were familiar with. Lynn started moaning "Yes, Martin, fuck me. Fill me with your come. Give it to me."

John and Sandra reached down and took one of Lynn's breasts in their hands and started massaging her breasts while her husband was fucking her. Lynn's moans changed to "Play with my tits. Squeeze them. Suck my nipples."

John and Sandra did as they were being urged. In unison they applied their mouths to Lynn's nipples whilst continuing to massage her breasts. John moved one of his hands down Lynn's body, caressing her stomach. When he reached her groin he found Sandra's hand already there, teasing Lynn's clitoris as Martin continued to pound his wife. Lynn was now orgasming herself. John's brain thought it was ironic that the woman who had started this adventure was the last to come. As the volume of her moans increased, John released her nipple and covered Lynn's mouth with his own. He detected the taste of sperm and knew that it was mostly his own.

As Lynn finally came down from her orgasm, John released her from the kiss and looked down to see Martin make two more thrusts before he groaned out load one final "Yes" and then held himself tightly against his wife, who wrapped her legs around him and reached towards him. Martin then leaned forwards until he was lying on top of his wife and she wrapped her arms around his shoulders and moaned contentedly.

Sandra and John took hold of each other's hands and moved to the lounger Sandra had been lying on. They sat with their arms around each other watching their neighbours recover. After some minutes Lynn opened her eyes and looked over at Sandra and John.

"Cup of coffee anyone?" she asked and they all burst out laughing.