 I was lying naked in the sun. Enjoying the sensations of the gentle breeze brushing across my body and the gentle chirping of the local Blackbird.

I've been a nudist for a number of years and have sat naked in front of many people including my family and friends. Sadly, none of the others have the same feelings and regard me as a bit of a weird exhibitionist.

As the sun began to fall, Julia got home from work and padded through to the garden. Jules is my wife's sister and an utterly beautiful blond with voluptuous tits (about 34D) and a figure to die for. I am pretty spoilt, since my wife is a model who is the spit of Nicole Kidman (or Nicole is lucky enough to look like my wife). She has endless legs, a beautiful ginger minge, pert breasts and long curly blond hair.

Julia sat herself down in a sun lounger after giving me a peck on the cheek and generally waking me up. I went and poured a couple of Gin and tonics, feeling very aware as I walked back into the garden of my long swinging dick – it had just put on a couple of notches in the hard-on department.

The sun was still beautifully hot and Jules whipped off her clothes and lay back with a bottle of sun oil wearing only a string – her large pert nipples pointing skywards.

I asked if she wanted me to rub in some lotion, and she suggested that I should give her a massage after her hard day at work - she's a fantastically successful estate agent.

I poured out sun oil and rubbed it between my hands to warm the oil while contemplating my subject. Starting on her legs I worked the oil into her body, first calves, then thighs (avoiding the pubic area, then tummy, arms and finally back to her tits. I took an extra large dose for this moment and rubbed up her stomach and around her breasts before hitting her fabulous nipples and massaging them to fantastic pointy peaks. 

She sighed and relaxed, eyes closed, warm sun on her skin and the day's work over, with a fit and all-over-tanned brother-in-law still gently massaging her nearly naked body. 

I couldn't resist:

"Jule are you enjoying this?"

"Yep it's fab – it's just what I need right now"

"I need to get to your back and your legs – turn yourself over"

She slowly and languorously flipped over and all I could see was her naked form with a tiny white string emerging from her buttocks.

I clambered across her, my naked penis resting between the two gorgeous globes of her arse and started working the oil into her back. I love massage and I have to say that I'm pretty good at it – the secret being that whatever you enjoy happening to you, you should do to the nearest available bird with a hot bod!

I worked my way down her back to her buttocks and hit the G. Without missing a stroke I simply moved it down her legs and carried on the massage by placing both hands on one of her buttocks and moving the muscle – stretching and pulling. This gave me a fantastic view of her vagina, stretched open and wet with the fluid gently flowing between her lips and creating a growing wet patch on the towel below her.

I was now sitting on the backs of her calves and my penis, for obvious reasons, was standing fully erect, curving out from my groin in a great arch to touch my stomach just above my tummy button. It's always been hard to measure because of the curvature but it must be a good eleven or twelve inches.

While gently massaging Julia's shoulders I bent over and took my glans into my mouth, gently tonguing the fat helmet and enjoying the pulsing and throbbing in my mouth.

At that moment my wife got back and wandered into the garden.

"Hi honey, another hard day at the office?" she said (I work from home as an IT consultant)

I got up and kissed her on the mouth, she gently stroked my pulsing erection. Julia turned over and realised that her G was round her knees. She lifted her legs up and pulled it off.

"Hi Sofie - I popped in to see how things were going and look what's happened – I've had a fabulous massage, drank a G & T, and lounged in the sun with your gorgeous naked husband playing with me."

She then did a double take at the 12 inches throbbing in my wife's hand.

"I didn't realise that was sitting on my back!" she said, her tongue moistening her lips.

Relaxed and happy to see her sister, Sofie started to undress and get some sun. I went into the house to open a bottle of Sauvignon Blanc – my wife's favourite is the Quincy.

I came out with a cooler and the bottle, a few glasses and my cigarettes. As I lit one up I watched my naked wife climb on top of Julia and continue where I'd left off. I sat at the teak table and poured the glasses out, enjoying the gentle pulsing of my penis against my stomach.

Sofie grabbed the oil and poured it over tits in a long stream, before lying down on her sister and using her body to rub the oil into herself and Jule. Jules just hugged her and giggled.

Now, as they lay on the sun bed, I had a lovely view of their two naked cunts gently grinding into each other, my wife's covered in a down of red hair and Julia's completely smooth and shaved .

The girls then turned over so that they were lying next to each other on the sun bed, arms draped around each other's shoulders and reaching out for the wine that I had poured. I admired the difference between their vaginas – the smooth sculpted look of Juia's and the rather more 'used and abused' lips of my wife.

I suddenly thought about our privacy – our back garden is just about private in the summer as the leaves bush out, but – as anywhere in London – there are a few windows that overlook us. My attitude was generally – "they can look if they are interested" and nobody had complained yet...

Julia took a long gulp of her wine and her other hand dropped down to rest on Sofie's pudenda. She gently started to slide her finger between the – now very well oiled – lips of my wife's cunt. Sofie's reaction was to open her legs further, allowing one of them to fall off the sun bed onto the deck.

Again, I dropped my head to my engorged penis and sucked on the head, harder now than before. Julia motioned me over and said "let me do that for you darling" at the same time as thrusting three fingers into her sister's pussy.

I was over there like a shot and bent my erection down to the girls. Jules started licking the head while my wife sucked one of my balls into her mouth and then began tonguing between my legs at that superbly sensitive area between the anus and the testicles.

Suddenly Julia became even more animated, holding my penis in her left hand.

"Have you seen this Sofe? – I learnt it watching a porn move on the web" 

With that she simply slipped the entire length of my penis down her throat. The feeling was indescribable – her tongue was now licking the underside of my balls and almost reaching my anus. Sofie was not to be out-done:

"Let me have a go then"

She had never really enjoyed giving me oral sex before (partly because of my size) but did it because it pleased me – it was one of the things that I had always loved her for. Her mouth stretched around the glans of my penis and slowly she inched it into her mouth. With a huge and obvious effort she repressed the gag reflex and slid the entire length into her throat. It popped out seconds later and her eyes filled with tears as she tried not to gag with the unfamiliar stimulation in her oesophagus.

"Ooh baby – don't get too good at that or I'll want it all the time" I said

"Yeah well fuck you – I'd rather lick a cunt than do that again"

"Now's you opportunity honey" I said as I turned Julia onto her knees and readied my cock for some fun in the sun.

I grabbed the sun tan oil and rubbed a considerable amount into Julia's anus and vagina. Then I bent my vertically pointing penis down and pushed the fat helmet between her lips. She gave out a frantic gasp as I pushed a the first half of my dick into her.

My wife had switched around and now had her mouth at her sister's vagina. I could feel her tongue lashing my balls and stalk as I started to pound Julia's pussy from behind. I pushed Julia's head down towards my wife's pussy as I started to slam into her with a bit more force.

Julia, between gasps and grunts:

"I can't believe I'm licking my sister's cunt and being fucked by her husband! – what would mum say if she could see this?"

I told her not to worry, and then removed my now enormously engorged penis from her delicious shaven cunt and started to gently ease the head into her anus. Suddenly all the action stopped. Sofie couldn't believe that Jules could take it, but it was all happening right in front of her face. Julia was making gasping noises interspersed with 'Oh yes, fuck my arse' and 'Sofie, your husband's massive dick is sliding into my fucking arsehole" and then: 'I'll never be able to walk again after this'.

Sofie started giving Julia a serious licking now that my cock was elsewhere. I could see between my legs that she was thrusting her tongue in and out of the shaven lips and this was allowing Julia to relax onto my penis as it slid into her arsehole. Slowly the entire length slipped inside her anus and after a few seconds pause to allow Jules to adjust, I started pumping with a vengeance.

Julia's arse felt so tight and delicious. She was such a diminutive girl that I couldn't believe how big my dick looked sliding in and out or her. My wife was groaning as Julia's tongue did its stuff up her, now sloppy, cunt and Jules was getting more than a serious massage up her rectum.

Just as we couldn't believe how pleasurable the whole situation was, my mother-in-law walked into the garden. She was carrying a glass or wine and had a cigarette on the burn. She sat down at the table as I thrust my massive dick into one of her daughters while being sucked and licked by the other. Amazingly she seemed to be enjoying the spectacle.

I pulled out of Julia's tight anus – it stayed open and gaping – and started to come. I fired a wad into her open arsehole, another into my wife's beautiful face and then, holding my still jerking penis, another great spurt of come fired off and landed on the mother-in-law's lap.

"You better get over here and lick that up she said", lifting the cloth of her skirt. 

"Then you can repeat the bits I missed with these strumpets while I suck that beautiful cock"...