 I say goodbye to Diana as I climb out of the car. As I begin to walk, a bit unsteadily, towards the front door, I find myself reminiscing about the Sunday brunch we just had. It is always fun getting together with the girls to discuss family, life, and of course, sex! I can feel my nipples hardening against the satin top I have on, due in part I am sure to the amount of champagne I consumed, but also thinking back to the steamy conversation with the girls!

As I walk through the door I find my husband and three of his buddies watching the football game. I can tell by the amount of empty beer bottles that they have been here for a while. Not only is it the number of empties, but also the comment Rick gives me about the "state of my nipples." I don't know if it's the champagne, or my mood, but I give them a playful shake in response. This draws a roar from the guys and more comments. Then Eric says, "come on Bonnie, give us a real shake!" I look at my husband, and he smiles and tells me, "you started this", clearly daring me to do something about it.

I smile as I walk over to him and straddle his lap on my knees on the couch, which may not have been the best idea as it causes my skirt to ride up a little higher than I anticipated; giving everyone a glimpse of my ass and the white thong I am wearing. Now it is my turn to dare him, and I raise my arms above my head, and begin to seductively move my breasts in front of him. His mouth opens with astonishment, and I lean in and slide first one nipple, then the other, over his open mouth. The satin slides smoothly which only adds to my own arousal. Now Stefan chimes in and says, "go for it Bill!" With my eyebrows raised, I now give him the "I dare you" look.

Whether it is the alcohol, or not wanting to back down in front of his friends, he takes my top and slides it over my head and arms, exposing my breasts. He pulls me in close and takes my left nipple into his mouth and begins to gently suck on it, while rolling my right nipple between his fingers. My astonishment quickly turns to pleasure as the sensations he is causing mixes with the champagne and I find myself becoming increasingly aroused. I know that I am not alone in this as I can feel his cock hardening against my leg. I begin to slide my leg over his cock applying more and more pressure. I can tell the effect this is having, as he is now furiously licking and sucking my nipples, causing me to become even more aroused and I can feel the moisture between my legs growing. I can tell his cock is extremely hard, and I slide my fingers under the waistband of his shorts and begin to tug. He backs away from my breasts and now gives me the "I dare you" look.

Before either of us can change our minds, I grab his shirt and begin pulling it up. Instinctively, he raises his arms and I remove his shirt. I lean in and begin kissing my way down his chest. I move over and bite his nipple, maybe just a little harder than normal. Now my kisses are making their way down his stomach. I reach his shorts, and let my tongue trace along the waistline. I look over at the others as I unbutton his shorts and slide the zipper down. Their gazes are intently upon us, waiting for what is coming next. I turn back as I begin to slide Bill's shorts down, and I see out of the corner of my eye, Rick's hand slide down to his crotch and begin to rub his cock. Bill's cock springs forward, finally freed from the confines of his clothing. I slide his shorts all the way off, and he spreads his legs apart inviting me in. I slide my hands up his legs ending around his cock and balls. His cock twitches in reaction to my touch. I tilt my head down and begin sliding up to him, letting my hair graze upon his legs and up over his very hard member. His cock is now before me. The head, already swollen and red, glistens with pre cum. Touching him with just my tongue, I lean in and begin to lick the head of his cock. Again Bill's cock twitches at my touch. I take just his swollen head into my mouth and begin to suck and roll my tongue around and around. I suck gently at first, but increasingly harder. Just as Bill wraps his fingers in my hair, I take his cock deep into my mouth. I feel his hands tightening as faster and faster I take his cock into my mouth, letting my tongue slide over the length of his shaft up the underside of his head. I am lost in the moment of sucking Bill's cock that I am surprised when.....

.....I feel my skirt being lifted and hands upon my ass. Now hands are upon my breasts and sliding up between my thighs as well. I can't tell whose hands are where, only that they are all over my body. Now both nipples are being tweaked, and a hand slides between my legs, and a finger begins to slide between my lips, while there is a hand caressing each ass cheek.

I am so aroused that I hungrily attack Bill's cock. Taking my tongue and licking up and down the length of his shaft, before taking him deep into my mouth again. Faster and faster his cock, so slick with my saliva that it runs down his balls, fills my mouth. Now I feel my skirt being slid down my legs, followed by my panties. Fingers are quickly back between my legs sliding across my extremely wet pussy. The hands upon my nipples are now pinching and pulling them. The fingers now slide inside me, and begin to slide in and out faster and faster. Another set of fingers are now sliding around and around my swollen button. 

My God I'm going to cum!! My body shakes uncontrollably as my orgasm rockets through me. It is so intense! So intense that I don't realize how hard I'm sucking on Bill's cock and he has to grab me harder to stop me. I lay my head on Bill's leg, savoring the aftershocks of my orgasm as the hands leave my body.

I finally compose myself and figure I should finish what I started. I go to take Bill's cock back into my mouth when he stops me saying, "oh no, no, no." He stands, and I finally look to face the others. They are all sitting where they were when all this began. I smile weakly at the huge grins upon their faces. I have no way of knowing whose hands were where. I look back up at Bill. His cock is as hard as I've ever seen it. Now I'm thinking he wants to me to finish where his friends can have a better view. I'm a little nervous about this, but, it is too late to turn back now. I reach up and grab the base of his shaft, but again he stops me. Now confused, I look up at him again.

He only smiles before leaning down and kissing me hard on the mouth. Next comes the big surprise, as he guides me around and on my hands and knees. My mind is racing, "oh my God, he's going to fuck me in front of everyone!" My heart is pounding! Again I feel nervous, but in light of what just happened, I succumb to Bill's request. I part my legs as I feel him get on his knees behind me. I look down and back and I can see him sliding the head of his cock over my still very sensitive button. His cock slides smoothly as my pussy is drenched. I close my eyes and arch my head backwards as he slides his cock inside me. Long and slow are his strokes, and I can feel every inch of his cock inside me, his head almost out, then pushing its way back in again. I open my eyes in time to see.....

.....Eric stepping out of his shorts, his hard, thick cock pointing skyward. I jerk a little, but Bill places his hand on the small of my back, guiding me into his cock, reassuring me. Eric walks over and places his hard member directly in front of me. I open my mouth and Eric guides his cock in. I eagerly begin to suck Eric's cock as Bill continues his long steady strokes. I can't believe I am doing this! I also know there is no way I am going to stop. As Eric grabs my head and begins to thrust his cock deeper and faster into my mouth, Bill's pace quickens. Eric's cock is so thick that my mouth is stretched to the limit. Bill is now pounding into me, slowly taking his cock almost out, then ramming it all the way in. Eric is taking his cock all the way out, the guiding it back into my open mouth for me to suck hard on it as he pulls it all the way out again. Out, in, suck, out, in, suck, all the while Bill is feverishly ramming his cock into me. With a final massive thrust, Bill buries his cock in my pussy, and I can feel the throbbing of his cock and the warmth of his cum. I think this must be the end when.....

......Eric takes me by the shoulders and helps me to my feet. He then backs me towards the couch. I lay down on the couch with my back resting against the arm. On his knees, Eric parts my legs, grabs my ass, lifts me, and pulls me into him, sliding his cock inside. He begins to slide his thick cock deep inside me at a rapid pace. My head is hanging over the arm of the couch, and now it is Rick's hard cock before me. Again I open my mouth, and now Rick slides his cock inside. Rick rapidly thrusts his cock into my mouth, as Eric continues to thrust his into my pussy. I now feel a tongue on my right nipple and fingers pinching my left. I reach back and grab Rick's ass, as his thrusts have become so deep as to almost gag me. Eric is now rubbing my very sensitive button with his thumb as he slams his cock deep inside me. Oh my God, I'm going to cum again! As the waves of my second orgasm rush over me, I feel Rick's body tense right before I feel his load hit the back of my throat. I continue sucking, as his cock continues to throb, filling my mouth with his cum. While this is happening, Eric removes his cock, and I can feel his cum spraying across my breasts and stomach. I lay there in ecstasy when.....

......I look up and see Stefan standing there, his body lean and hard, his cock even harder. He reaches his hand out to me. I take it and he helps me to my feet. He takes me around to the outside of the arm of the couch. He moves behind me and gently bends me over the arm, then grabs my legs at the knee, lifts me, and slides me forward leaving me with my lower belly resting on the arm of the couch. His hands move to my ankles, bending my legs. He spreads my legs wide as he moves in and slides his cock into me. His strokes are long, deep, and fast. I cannot believe how long he can continue this pace! Again and again and again, he rams his cock into me. Each time he rams in, his balls come up and slap against my button, which is so sensitive by now, that it sends sparks throughout my body each time they hit. I don't think my legs can be spread any further, but he does, causing his cock to go even deeper. I can't help myself and begin to moan, "oh....my....God....oh....my....God....oh....my....God!" The depth and pace of his thrusts combined with his balls slapping my button, is going to make me cum yet again! I can't help but scream out at the intensity of my orgasm! Somehow, Stefan goes even faster, which only prolongs my orgasm. Again I scream out! Just when I don't think I can take anymore, Stefan removes his cock. I first feel his cum hit the back of my neck, then again and again on my back, ending with it running down the crack of my ass.

As I lay there, totally spent, my ass in the air, covered in cum, I can hear the boys getting dressed. Soon I hear the front door open and shut. Then Bill is there. He lifts and turns my head, kissing me warmly on the mouth, without ever saying a word.