 This is the second part of a story.You may wish to read "Sunday Lunch - The Week Before" if you have not already read it.

*

Sunday morning we woke late. My name is Tim and my wife, Rachel, is laying naked beside me in bed. We are in our mid fifties and today we're having lunch at the home of John and Debbie. They're in their late fifties and we've found out that they are swingers. Another couple, Helen and Don, will be joining us for lunch. They're in their forties and fairly new to the swinging scene.

I reached over and my hand ran along Rachel's shoulder as my mouth nibbled on her neck. She woke when she felt my erect cock pushing against her back.

"Easy Tiger," she said. "Are you looking forward to this afternoon?"

"Yes," I replied. 

"I love you Tim," Rachel responded.

"I love you too," I replied. "Let's enjoy today and make love when we get home tonight."

We kissed then went into the bathroom. I shaved while Rachel stepped into the shower. I joined her in the shower and we soaped each other's bodies, paying great attention to our genetilia then we dried each other before moving back to the bedroom. We dressed for our lunch date then went downstairs for a quick coffee before going outside and getting into our car.

I drove along the narrow country lanes and Rachel sat quietly staring at the road ahead. As we got closer to our destination, she spoke nervously.

"Tim, I love you very much." I felt her hand rest on my thigh.

"It'll be okay, Rachel. Just enjoy the day!"

I parked the car and we walked to the front door. After we rang the bell, Debbie opened the door and invited us to step inside. She looked stunning in a thigh length black dress that was cut low to give a good view of her small cleavage. She leaned in and kissed me on both cheeks then embraced Rachel kissing her on both cheeks as well.

We moved through to a small sitting room and John greeted us. He shook my hand then kissed Rachel on both cheeks. I saw his hand squeeeze her taut bottom as he leaned in and spoke into her ear.

"You look fabulous, Rachel. Glad you could join us today."

A few minutes later, the doorbell rang and Debbie went to answer it. She returned with Don and Helen then introduced them. Helen was a roly poly lady with huge boobs, a large ass and a big smile. She was dressed in a low cut, knee length red dress.

"Pleased to meet you, Tim," she said as she kissed me on both cheeks.

I saw Don, a tall thin guy kiss my wife on both cheeks then he shook hands with John and I. Helen embraced Rachel and they kissed each other on the cheeks.

"Let's go the dining room, lunch is ready," Debbie said.

I was sat between Debbie and Helen on one side of the table with Rachel between John and Don on the other side. We had an enjoyable lunch of roast beef, yorkshire pudding, potatoes, carrots and cabbage, accompanied by a couple of glasses of a fine red Rioja wine. We talked about our lives and found out that Helen was a doctor and Don was a solicitor. They were new to the swinging scene and this was only their third meet.

After lunch, John suggested that we move to their games room. What a wonderful place with two king size beds pushed together, mirrors on walls and ceiling, and some comfortable chairs to sit on.

John asked Helen if she'd like to be his first partner and she readily agreed. He took her hand and they moved close to the bed. They kissed passionately before John unzipped her dress and slid it off her shoulders. It dropped to the floor and she stepped out of it. She stood there in a black bra, matching French knickers and hold-up stockings. He reached round and unclasped Helen's bra, sliding it off her shoulders to reveal enormous breasts with dark brown nipples.

I felt my cock starting to harden as I watched Helen then I felt a hand on my thigh. It was Debbie.

"Magnificent breasts, aren't they?" she whispered into my ear.

John slid Helen's knickers down and she stepped out of them. I looked over and saw that her pussy was bare with huge protuding lips. John and Helen kissed again and I could see his hands stroking her ample buttocks. I felt Debbie's hand move to my now rock hard cock and start to stroke it through my trousers.

Helen unbuttoned John's shirt and removed it to reveal his hairy chest then she unbuckled his belt before unzipping his fly. His trousers dropped to the floor and he stepped out of them. Helen's hand went inside the waistband of his boxers and I knew she was stroking his cock. She removed his boxers to reveal his rock hard member, similar to mine in length and thickness.

I looked over and saw Rachel smiling as John's penis was exposed. Don had his hand on her thigh.

Suddenly, I heard Debbie's voice. "Our turn, Tim!" 

I stood and we walked over closer to the bed. I saw that John and Helen had moved back to their seats and she was stroking his penis as he fondled her huge tits. I kissed Debbie and our tongues danced together. I reached round and unzipped her dress. As it dropped to the floor, she stepped out of it and stood there in just crotchless pantyhose. Her long brown nipples were standing to attention on her small firm breasts and I looked down between her legs to see a full red bush above her pussy.

As we kissed again, my hand stroked her taut bottom then she loosened my trousers and let them drop to the floor. I stepped out of them and stood there in my black thong with my rock hard penis peeping out of it. As I looked over, I saw Helen smile at me as John was sucking one of her long brown nipples with his hand massaging the other erormous tit. Debbie knelt in front of me and released my cock then took off my thong. She gently kissed my erect member before standing and we moved back to our seats.

Don stood and pulled Rachel to her feet. They moved closer to the bed before kissing passionately with his hands roaming over my wife's ass. He unzipped her dress and it fell to the floor, leaving Rachel standing in a red silk pushup bra, matching open crotch panties and hold-up fishnet stockings. She looked stunning and I felt Debbie stroke my cock harder as she stared at Rachel. My hand slid between her open legs and I felt her pussy was already dripping.

Don unclasped Rachel's bra and removed it to expose her firm breasts with erect nipples. I saw his hand slide inside her open crotch panties and her legs parted a little to give him better access. Rachel unbuttoned his shirt and slid it off before unfastening his trousers. She helped him out of his trousers and was met with a hard cock. Don didn't have any underwear and I saw Rachel reach for his erect dick. It was much longer than mine but thinner. She smiled as she caught me staring at Don's cock.

I watched Rachel and Don climb onto the bed then they were joined by John and Helen. Debbie came and sat on my lap facing me then we kissed with our tongues exploring each other's mouth. I ran my hand up and down her back before using my hands to pull her buttocks apart. I felt her hand carress my nipples as my finger traced the length of her ass crack before resting against her puckered hole.

My hard cock was pressed against her stomach as my finger teased her rear hole. Debbie moved a little away from me so I moved my hand between us and ran my fingers through her thick red bush. She moaned as my fingers parted her pussy lips and her finger nails grazed across my back. I moved my finger up her wet slit and found her engorged clitoris.

"Let's get more comfortable on the bed," she whispered in my ear before she stood up.

I looked up in one of the ceiling mirrors and saw John was sitting on Helen with his hard cock rubbing between her beautiful breasts. She had her tits squeezed together as he fucked between them. I moved my eyes to another mirror and saw Rachel was riding Don's long cock. Her eyes were wide open and she was clearly enjoying the experience.

My cock seemed to grow even bigger as Debbie and I found a free space on the beds. Soon we were in the sixty-nine position with Debbie on top taking my cock deep into her mouth. My tongue licked the inside of her thighs just above the open crotch pantyhose and I could smell the womanly aroma coming from her pussy. I felt her let my cock free from her mouth then her tongue licked along the sensitive underside while my tongue licked up her hot wet slit stopping just short of her hard nub.

My hand parted her ass cheeks as my tongue licked deep into her cunt while I felt her tongue licking my full balls. I struggled to keep my mouth on her pussy because she was writhing as her orgasm approached. I gently took her clit between my teeth and my tongue lapped at her pearl. Debbie was panting now and she was no longer working on my cock then I felt her body tense. Her womanly juices flowed onto my tongue then she relaxed and started to take my cock into her mouth.

I knew I was close so I lifted her off me and laid her on her back. I kissed her small firm boobs before sucking on a hard nipple then I climbed on top of Debbie. Her hand reached down and grabbed my rock hard dick.

"You need a condom!" she said as she moved from under me and reached over to the bedside table.

She rolled the condom on using her mouth then I moved on top of her again. Debbie positioned my cock at the entrance to her hot wet cunt then I started to push into her wet and willing hole. I felt her muscles tighten around my cock then she raised her legs and rested her feet on my backside. I started to fuck her and felt her nails running lightly on my back. 

"Harder, Tim!" she cried through her ragged breathing.

I increased the pace, going deep into her pussy as her feet ran along my buttocks then her hands moved down and she parted my ass cheeks. Her finger ran along the crack and settled on my rear hole. As I felt her finger start to slide into my asshole, her body shook and her orgasm hit her. Her juices flowed and that was enough to send me over the edge. My semen spurted into the condom.

As we lay in each others arms, I felt a hand on my flaccid cock then the condom being removed. I looked down and saw that it was Helen's hand. My eyes looked into a ceiling mirror to find Rachel and saw that John was between hers legs eating her cunt while Don was playing with her tits. My cock started to harden as I watched my wife and Helen stroked me to full hardness.

Debbie whispered, "Thanks, that was good, now enjoy Helen"

I smiled and answered, "Thank you, Debbie, you have a great body."

As Debbie moved over to Don, I leaned in to kiss Helen and my hand moved to massage an enormous breast. She pushed her tongue into my mouth as I rubbed a nipple between my finger and thumb. My god, she had the biggest tits I'd ever seen or felt and she leaned over so they were hanging down close to my mouth. I reached up and sucked on one of her hard nipples and my hand carressed the other one.

I felt Helen's hand on my stomach then moved down until it was in my pubic hair. I moved my mouth to her other nipple and sucked hard then I felt her hand grip my erect dick. She stroked me furiously while I continued to suck hard on her nipple. My hand rubbed down her ample body and rested on her buttocks. 

I rolled her over onto her back. "Can I eat you?"

"Yes," she replied as she relaxed and her legs opened a little wider.

I moved between her open thighs and licked the top of her legs above her stockings. My hands slid under her buttocks and raised her pussy to my mouth. I slid my tongue up her wet open slit until it reached her engorged clitoris. She moaned as one of my fingers entered her cunt and my teeth gently teased her clit. I put two more fingers into her and found that sensitive place on her vaginal wall. I rubbed my fingers against her g-spot and teased her clit with my tongue then I felt her body tense. Her womanly juices flowed into my mouth then I felt her body relax.

I moved up beside Helen and we kissed passionately. I felt her hand start to massage my dick then she kissed my nipples before her tongue continued it's journey to my crotch. She took my cock between her lips and started to suck. My hands roamed through her hair as she squeezed my balls then released my cock from her mouth. She rolled a condom onto my rock hard dick.

"Now, you can fuck me," she said.

I rolled her over onto her front and she raised her ample ass into the air so I could enter her from behind. I rubbed my cock up and down her slit before placing it at the entrance to her hot wet hole. I looked up in one of the mirrors and saw John had mounted Rachel. I could see his ass moving as he fucked her and she had her legs wrapped around him.

My cock pushed into Helen's wet and willing cunt then I started to fuck her slowly. My hands reached round to fondle those enormous tits as my rock hard cock slid in and out of her pussy. She tightened her muscles around my dick as I felt my orgasm approaching so I slowed down.

"I'm close don't stop!" Helen shouted.

I increased the pace and soon her body shook as she climaxed. As she relaxed, I continued to fuck her hard and soon my thick cream errupted from my cock.

As we lay relaxing, my hands moved to Helen's massive boobs and she smiled.

"You like my puppies, don't you?" she asked.

"Yes," I replied. "I like your whole body Helen."

I felt her hand on my flaccid cock and she removed the condom before stroking me to full hardness.

"I like your cock!" said with a big laugh.

Just then, I saw Rachel walking over towards us. She climbed on the mattress next to Helen and they shared a long passionate kiss. While my hand massaged an enormous tit, Rachel massaged the other one and I heard Helen moan as she was becoming aroused again. My wife licked her neck then down to take a boob in her mouth and suck on the erect nipple.

I leaned in to kiss Helen as Rachel's tongue trailed down to her ample stomach and I could see her licking her bellybutton. Helen moaned into my mouth as my wife moved down between her open legs and her tongue licked her inner thighs. Rachel slid her hands under her ample buttocks and lifted her pussy to her mouth while I continued playing with Helen's wonderful tits.

My wife's tongue lapped at Helen's bare twat as I pulled hard on a nipple, causing Helen to moan even more. Rachel slid a finger into Helen's hot wet cunt while she blew hot breath on to the engorged clit and Helen squirmed. A second finger was now in her pussy, causing Helen to breath harder as her orgasm approached.

I moved to suck hard on one of her breasts as my finger and thumb teased the other one.

"Oh, Fuck, I'm cuminnnnnnnnnnnnnnnng!" Helen shouted.

Her body tensed then relaxed as her juices flowed on to Rachel's face. My wife moved from between Helen's legs and kissed me. I could taste Helen's womanly juices as we kissed.

"Let's go home now," Rachel said.

"Okay," I replied while looking over to see Debbie being spit roasted by her hubby and Don.