 This is the second part of the Sunday Afternoon Story, english is not my native language, sorry for any mistakes, enjoy!

*****

Friday Night

Almost a week had passed since Mia and Sarah had their first experience. The tension was still high although I think the tree of us were still regrouping.

On Friday night, Sarah was busy setting up her new apartment while Mia and I went to have a romantic dinner. We talked about a lot of subjects and made small talk, partially avoiding the most interesting subject.

The dinner was fine, the restaurant was a small Italian place, with good wine, good food and nice parmesan cheese. One of those vintage places with moody light and full of loving couples.

Even in the romantic atmosphere that surrounded us, passion and lust lurked below the surface. Especially since I knew that underneath her blouse and skirt, my wife was wearing another item of her lingerie collection. It was a red see through corset, with lace and a garter belt. I had seen her previously in it and she looked amazing.

The route back home was 25 minutes long and our conversation turned to the rest of the night and the previous Sunday afternoon.

"So," I said. "Are you ready to be back home?"

"Yeah, more than ready." Mia said with a twinkle in her eye.

"We could always contact Sarah if you want."

"It's ok, its late she's probably asleep already." Mia answered. "And I want you all to myself tonight."

No objections from my part, although I pressed the subject a little further.

"You can still message her and talk, one time she said she would like to hear you."

"Maybe..." She said, writing a text to Sarah.

We were soon at our house. We headed directly to our bedroom and I undressed her quickly so that I could see her in her lingerie.

I stopped to admire her for a little while. Meanwhile messages from Sarah arrived to Mia's cellphone.

The messages consisted of chit chat, Sarah sending photos of how her new apartment was turning out. While that conversation was, ongoing I kneeled behind Mia and started kissing her neck and shoulders. Mia moaned appreciably.

"Tell her to send you a picture of her in her apartment, that you can't see her." I told Mia.

While she texted Sarah, I continued roaming her body and kissing her neck and shoulders. I pushed her down so that I could kiss her everywhere.

On Sarah's next picture you could only see her naked leg on the bed in front of the tv. It looked like she hadn't got the point.

"Let's send her a picture of your lingerie." said.

I took her phone and got a picture of her bottom where you could get a hint of the type of lingerie she was wearing.

"Go on, send it to her." I told Mia.

The response was fast.

-Oh god! Don't play with me! - Sarah wrote.

-It's my husband— Mia wrote.

-Send me more pictures—

So, I took one more picture. In this one I was kneeling behind Mia and you could see her lingerie fully.

-Wow! Send me your boobs! —

We obliged. And got a back a boob picture too.

I was too turned on to follow the conversation after that. I pushed Mia down to the bed, I had to touch her body all over and when I got to her pussy she was soaking wet. I touched her and put my fingers inside her while she kept chatting with Sarah.

"She wants to hear us." Mia said showing me Sarah's text.

"I don't see why not." I said.

While Mia started recording audio in WhatsApp I positioned myself right behind her. I played with my cock's head on her pussy, teasing her pussy and clit.

When Mia finally got the recording started, I pushed inside. My cock went halfway inside. Mia's moan could be heard on all our apartment. I kept pushing until I was fully inside and then slowly moved out until only the head was inside. Then I pushed again and touched bottom in one move.

Mia had difficulties keeping her finger on the recording button. We were so turned on that we didn't last that long.

Sarah continued text Mia while we were pounding away. When we both came, Mia ended the recording and sent it to Sarah.

-Oh god, I'm going to come hearing you two. - Sarah texted.

- We just came, come for us baby! - Mia texted back.

After some more time, Sarah finally texted back. 

- I just came, wow. -

----------

Saturday Night

Three weeks passed without something of note happening between Mia and Sarah, as far as I knew. They saw each other every day since they worked together, but things stayed calm.

For my part I thought that nothing would happen again. Perhaps the itch had been scratched already, or maybe Sarah had lost interest.

Things changed when Sarah had the idea of organizing a Halloween Costume party for her close friends, and of course we were invited.

Mia and Sarah got together that week to plan the party, buy snacks and drinks and get everything ready. It looked like they hadn't concentrated that much on invitations because when the day arrived only 10 people total had confirmed.

Mia had told me about the costume she had picked for the party. It was a sexy swat costume, somewhat like a short tight dress, complemented with heels. She looked absolutely sexy with it and I was already thinking about all the things I wanted to do to her once we were back from the party.

"Are you ready?" I asked Mia.

"Almost there!"

"Hey!" I said going to look on her progress with her costume. "Do you know what Sarah's costume is?"

"She didn't want to tell me." Mia said.

"Really? Why?" That intrigued me.

"No idea." Mia said like it was no big deal.

Sarah's place was quite close so the car trip didn't take long. She had recently moved in so this party also served as a house warming party. The place wasn't that big, but quite nice.

The ladies had decorated the place earlier that day, there were skeletons on some chairs, bats hanging from the ceiling, pumpkins in some places and things like that. The lights were down to give a spooky atmosphere and there were candles in many places.

Once inside we could see a lot of people were already there. The assortment of costumes was interesting, from 70's hippies, to video game characters.

We moved through the party saying hello to people and looking for Sarah. Somebody told us she was in the kitchen so we went there looking for her.

Once in the kitchen we could see that Sarah had gone for a sexy college girl costume and I could see that Mia found it really sexy and couldn't take her eyes off of her.

"Hey! We've been looking for you!" Mia said, giving Sarah a very telling once over.

"Hey!" Sarah said, she kissed Mia on the cheek, quite close to her mouth, and gave her a tight hug and sneaked a grab of Mia's ass. "I was just here preparing some snacks. Let's go!"

Mia turned to look at me and I could see that she was a little bit flushed. I followed Sarah and Mia back to the party. They stayed together and soon the party revolved around common matters like jobs and relationships.

Sometime later Sarah asked me for help getting some wine bottles and opening them while she refilled the snacks. I followed her to the kitchen while Mia was talking with some people she knew.

"I saw how you were looking at Mia." I told her.

"Can you blame me?"

"Not really." I laughed. "She was looking at you too you know?"

"You think? I'm not sure, I picked this costume to see if it had an effect on her."

"I figured, don't worry, you did, she blushed when you almost kissed her when we arrived."

Sarah stayed silent for a while.

"Would you be okay if something happened again?"

"Me?" I said. "Sure, I can see she wants it, and I'm okay with it."

"Just okay?" Sarah asked with a smirk on her face.

"Okay, you got me, I'm actually looking forward to it."

"Men, figures." She said laughing. "But how do we make it happen again?"

"We just have to persuade her, its more on you than on me." I said.

I had been thinking about it for some time, especially since Sarah had suggested the costume party. I had hoped that Sarah would chose a sexy costume since that would be part of the strategy to get Mia her second encounter with Sarah.

I quickly told Sarah my plan and she agreed so we went back to the party. I went looking for Mia while Sarah distributed the snacks and the wine.

Sometime later Sarah returned and directly sat on Mia's legs. Mia looked surprised but Sarah ignored her.

"Sorry that I haven't been with you guys, hosting a party is a lot of work." Sarah said. When she had sat down her skirt had rode up her legs and I could see Mia stealing furtive glances over her friend's body.

The three of us chitchatted for a while, although Mia was nearly silent and the conversation was carried by Sarah and me. From what I could see, Mia was distracted between looking at Sarah's chest and looking elsewhere to avoid being obvious.

Things like this happened two or three times, till it was obvious that Sarah was playing with Mia.

"What do you think she is doing?" Mia asked me.

"The obvious, she likes you and wants to play with you again."

"Did you encourage her?" Mia said. I thought she might be angry but she didn't have that look.

"I don't think that I need to encourage her. Besides its only harmless fun and you can enjoy the attention." Mia didn't look convinced. "Come on, she looks sexy and you like it."

"She does, but..."

At that moment, a friend of Mia interrupted us and derailed our conversation.

A couple of hours later, some of the people invited had left and the ones remaining were a little buzzed from the alcohol. The party had divided in two, most people in the living room having a lively discussion about something or other, and Sarah, Mia, and me talking in the kitchen while the ladies prepared more snacks and appetizers. I had stayed a little bit in the background while the ladies talked.

"I like your costume." Sarah was saying. "it's as sexy as you said it would be."

"Thanks. So why didn't you tell me what was your costume?" Mia was asking Sarah.

"Oh, I just wanted to it to be a surprise." Sarah said winking at Mia, she had a mischievous look in her eyes. "Besides, why would I have a costume party and miss the opportunity to dress sexy." She twirled around showing Mia her body. "And if you don't like it, you should arrest me."

I took that as my cue.

"Well I haven't seen Sarah do anything illegal, yet." I said. "But I do think that she merits a pat down, she could be hiding drugs or other illegal items." 

Sarah turned to look at Mia directly and slowly closed the distance between them.

"I swear officer, I'm not hiding drugs, you can pat me down to make sure." Sarah moved to the nearby wall dragging Mia after her, put her hands on it above her head and opened her legs a little bit. "Aren't you going to pat me down officer?"

Normally something like this would have elicited a laugh from all of us, but since Mia and Sarah had been hot for each other all night nobody said anything. Slowly Mia moved closer to Sarah and stood right behind her. She put her hands-on Sarah's arms and started to touch her slowly. First her arms, shoulders, neck and hair, making sure to touch every inch on the way. Then she moved to her upper back and I could hear both catch their breath.

Mia stayed on Sarah's back for a while, moving her hands all over. Then she started touching her stomach moving a little bit down and then up till she was cupping Sarah's breasts over the thin college girl shirt Sarah was wearing.

At first, she made sure to touch lightly but soon her touched became more urgent and Sarah started panting audibly but didn't move. Letting Mia play with her.

Suddenly Mia kneeled right behind Sarah and started touching her legs starting from her heels and moving slowly up. Since Sarah's skirt was so short she could probably see her underwear and likely smell her arousal.

Soon, Mia's hands where on Sarah's thighs, she was making sure to touch every inch and to move up and down unpredictably. Sarah's legs began to open a little bit more and she pushed her ass further out, closer to Mia's head.

Suddenly Mia moved her hands up to grab her ass under her skirt. Sarah groaned and I could see that Mia was really flushed. Mia started moving her hands to the front of Mia, getting closer to her pussy. She stood up, kissed her neck and moved her hand to touch her pussy. Sarah gasped.

"Hey! Where are the snacks?" Somebody yelled from the living room. 

Both girls gasped and separated instantly, their faces flushed with desire and frustration. Soon they burst out with laughter, quickly moved to grab the appetizer dishes and moved back to the living room.

During the rest of the party Mia was curiously silent. I could see that she was debating her next actions on her mind. 

Since the last Friday, Mia had been reticent to have another encounter with Sarah. I couldn't decipher why, I knew she had liked it, the chemistry and desire had been obvious and palpable but something had been stopping her from taking the next step. But I felt that her resistance was finally washing away, 

A poker game was organized between the people left at the party. It was Mia, Sarah, two other friends and me.

The game wasn't going very interesting, nobody was betting anything so there were no stakes. I tried to make it interesting distributing drinks to the losers but it was no good and the other two friends left. We continued playing for a while.

"Damn, I lost again. I don't want to drink anymore." Mia said.

"You should still pay, you lost." Sarah said.

"What do you want me to do?"

"Well, since I won I should get to pick." Sarah said.

"I think that sounds fair." I said.

"Kiss me." Sarah said.

Mia closed the distance and kissed Sarah, slowly and tenderly at first but with increasing urgency. The kiss only lasted like 20 seconds.

"Ok then, deal." Mia told me. I could see in her eyes that her previous reticence was washing away.

I didn't waste time dealing the cards. This time I lost and Sarah won.

"Sit Mia on your lap and kiss her neck till we play the next hand." Sarah told me.

Mia stood up and sat in mi lap facing forward, toward Sarah. I could see that they were looking each other in the eyes. I put my arms around Mia, moved her hair and tilted her head to the left so that I could kiss her neck. I could feel her relaxing and grinding slowly on me, she let out a low slow sigh. I began with slow kisses, just gentle touches with my lips. After a while she started dealing and I ignored this round being occupied as I was. I couldn't stop myself and roamed my hands over Mia's body, touching first her bare legs, then her stomach, and finally cupping her breasts near the end of the game.

Surprisingly the next round was won by Mia, Sarah hadn't paid much attention to the game.

"You lost." Sarah told me.

"Hey! I didn't play this round, YOU lost." I retorted.

"Fine, so what's it going to be?" Sarah asked Mia.

"Mmmm, you should remove some clothes, let's make it two things." Mia said, she hadn't moved from my lap and I was still touching her.

Sarah thought for a while what to do. Suddenly she had an idea, stood up and moved closer to us. She started moving slowly, while looking Mia in the eyes. She moved her hands to her stomach and then to her breasts, touching herself quite sexily, I could feel Mia's change of breath. Then she moved her hands inside her shirt and unclasped her bra from the front, it was strapless, so she easily removed it and gave it to Mia.

Sarah's shirt was partially see through, you could see that she was quite exited from the way her nipples poked out of the shirt.

Sarah continued moving with some soft music I had put up earlier, she moved even closer and Mia moved her hands to touch her. Sarah didn't stop her, she turned around and moved her ass closer to Mia. In the meantime, Mia was also grinding into me, I was hard already and she had my cock between her cheeks, her costume had ridden up a little so she was almost bare against me.

Suddenly Sarah bent down almost all the way, while at the same time removing her thong exposing herself to Mia. Mia could not wait any more, she moved directly to touch Sarah's pussy with her index finger, Sarah moaned.

"Go on," I told her, "I know you want to."

Mia stood up and turned Sarah around, they looked each other in the eyes for a moment till Sarah kissed her.

This time the kisses were immediately more frantic and urgent, Mia lost no time to touch Sarah's ass and breasts and Sarah was already undressing Mia.

"Why don't we move back to the couch." I said.

The girls lost no time moving, I hurried and helped Mia get out of her costume. Soon she was on her thong and heels, laying down on the couch with Sarah above her kissing her.

"Oh god, I've been waiting for this for a long time, I've been dreaming of you." Sarah said while removing her shirt.

"Me too, you were so wet earlier. Shame we were interrupted."

"I'm wet for you right know." Sarah said.

"I know."

Sarah straddled Mia and kissed her.

"You made me wait." Sarah said while Mia was kissing her left breast.

"That makes it even more special." Mia said, and bit lightly on Sarah's nipple.

"Oh god, just like that, you are so good."

Soon Sarah grabbed Mia and changed position with her. This way Sarah could taste Mia's breasts.

After some time, I sat on the couch next to Sarah and kissed Mia while Sarah was playing and tasting her breasts.

"Let's make her come together." Sarah told me.

Sarah had taken the lead, she raised Mia and put her on her knees, she kneeled in front of her, kissed her, and moved her hand to her pussy.

I moved behind Mia, rested my cock on her butt cheeks and kissed her neck while playing with her nipples. Soon we had Mia moaning and shuddering, getting more desperate faster and faster. When Mia was getting closer to come I pulled her backward so that she was resting on my chest, I kept playing with her breasts and used my legs to open her wide. Sarah understood my intent and went directly to taste her, moving her thong to the side. Her tongue on her clit and her fingers inside Mia were making her crazy. 

"Oh my god what are you two doing to me! I'm getting really close, please don't stop!" Mia yelled.

We didn't, she came like 30 seconds later and her scream probably pierced the ears of the whole neighborhood. But Sarah didn't stop, rode her orgasm and continued her assault on Mia's pussy.

It didn't take long for Mia to get closer again.

"Come again for me baby." Sarah said.

"Yeah, come for us baby, come." I complemented.

This time Mia gushed as she came in Sarah's mouth.

We waited while Mia got her breath back.

"Should we move to the bedroom?" Sarah said.

Neither Mia nor I answered, but we followed her. Sarah used that opportunity to lose the college girl skirt, Mia lost the thong and I finally got naked.

"Will I be able to watch you two?" Sarah asked.

Mia nodded, pushed me down on the bed and positioned herself over my cock. Sarah sat beside me, making sure she could see everything, one hand on her breast and the other playing with her pussy. 

Mia took her time lowering herself, when the head of my cock touched her lips she played with it, running it all over her lips and making sure the head was wet enough. Then she pushed down slowly, savoring the moment.

Her pussy felt incredible, the way my cock pushed against her walls and made its way inside her while she alternated glances between me and Sarah.

It took her a while to accommodate all my length inside her till I touched bottom. Soon she was moving up and down with good rhythm. After a while I could hear Sarah getting closer to orgasm. I grabbed Mia and positioned her doggy stile in front of Sarah. 

"Make her cum." I told her.

Mia moved her mouth to Sarah's pussy, while I pushed inside her slowly. I was close to cum too.
