 Nandini and Shyam, both staying at her place? Sunita couldn't even have imagined such a possibility. Shyam had once told her that everything he was with Sunita was drawn from the imaginative ways in which he had made love to Nandini over the years. That comment always brought up in her a mix of jealousy, regret and arousal. Her Shyam having experimented on Nandini the art of love, learning, practicing and finessing his caresses, his bites and his touch. 

She involuntarily shuddered from the ripple of pleasure that thought sent through her. Yes, she imagined his touch. While Karan was a great kisser, he kissed only on the lips, by and large. Shyam used his lips in more ways than just kissing and on more of her than just her lips. Her hands idly stroked her tummy as she thought of all the places at which Shyam paused on her body, and then those delicate fingers wandered between her legs. She idly stroked the dry brushy hair of her pussy – it felt unattended. She glanced at Karan, lying on his back spread out like the Maharaja he liked to be. The age-old traditional sleeping style of royalty – or so it was reputed. Her sensual feelings seemed out of place with the slumber on the other half of her bed.

She heard a muffled sound and instantly knew that all was not slumber in her house. There was a scuffle, an "ouch" and some giggling. "Good heavens! Could it be them?" she wondered. It would not be surprising. Shyam had once confessed to having fucked Nandini on a hotel balcony under the stars overlooking the pool. And in the back of their car on a faraway beach. He seemed to love dangerous settings, adventurous settings. Maybe they were up to something similar in her house? She felt the dryness between her legs replaced by the familiar sensation of flow. A sensation which she had never encountered before Shyam made her feel the intense desire which her upbringing suggested was slutty. 

"Slutty, but so pleasurable," she thought idly as she slipped out of the room to look down from above down into the hall below. And sure enough, there, in the hall, just within her horizon of vision were Shyam and Nandini. Nandini laid back on the sofa and Shyam on the floor, sitting. She leaned forward so she could look at them properly and her body swayed in that position. Sunita couldn't help the gentle rotation of her hips that allowed her body to experience pleasant sensations as her legs and her lips worked against each other. Equally importantly, leaning forward in this manner allowed her an unrestricted view of what the couple in the hall was doing. Was Shyam setting up a show for her? What could he possibly demonstrate that he hadn't possibly shown her already?

Shyam had Nandini laid out on the sofa and he leaned over her spread out body. Nandini, of doe like large eyes, and wide hips. Of breasts larger than Sunita's and of a sexuality honed by years of pleasuring by Shyam. As Shyam hovered over her body, Nandini's body tingled with anticipation. He just needed to look at some part of her, for her to know what sensations he would extract from that one location, to join the symphony of pleasure coursing through her body. And that is exactly what Shyam proceeded to do. His hands went to Nandini's ankles, stroking her ankles gently, and then gripping her left ankle to draw up that leg and prop it up so that the triangle between her legs was spread out wide. 

Sunita had never seen a nude woman before in her life, and was wishing Nandini's legs were spread out towards her. But Nandini's head was towards her and feet were facing away from her. She did not know it then, but that was Shyam's intention, in the hope that Sunita would at some point come out of her bedroom and spot them. And he didn't want Nandini spotting her and so had placed Nandini so. Sunita was completely taken in by the sight of Shyam's hard commanding grip on that ankle – it suggested so much dominance, the kind of powerful dominance completely absent in Karan's lovemaking. And yet, Shyam always made her pleasure feel like the dominant force in his lovemaking. The dominance of her pleasure in the lovemaking balanced the dominance of Shyam so perfectly that it was as if they were soaring to new levels, sometimes with one person leading and sometimes with that person being led. 

And that was precisely what was happening with Nandini. If his hand on her leg was dominating and driving how she was opened to him, his lips on her chin and on her throat were teasing and nipping, sending signals to her breasts and nipples that ravishment was on its way. She thrust up her breasts. Seeking succor. Her breasts were larger than Sunita's and Sunita felt jealous. She knew Shyam loved playing with her breasts and he must enjoy those larger succulent breasts that much more. Sunita felt an ache in her nipples and she rubbed her chest along the balcony railing on which she was leaning.

Nandini didn't have to wait that long, or make do with any inanimate stimulation. Shyam's head was not long reaching her, but he refused to mouth the waiting mounds of flesh. He nuzzled the area surrounding the breast pushing at the flesh with his nose. The nipples, brown and somewhat long, puckered up. They stood up, unfurling and demanding. Sunita couldn't help lick her lips and she caught herself thinking of loving that woman, whom she pretty much hated and despised for her ownership of her Shyam. "Lesbianism. Not me," she thought with a definiteness, not realizing that what was stirring in her body was a clear indication that the seeds of a new kind of desire were already sown.

Sunita looked down her own night gown and saw her own breasts, held in the bra but hanging down, unattended, seeking release. She wondered about how Karan and she slept with all their clothes while her love Shyam, clearly never thought much of clothes at bed time. She looked at the heap of clothes that Nandini had discarded next to the sofa and couldn't spot any underclothes. No bra. No panties. Obviously, every night when she came to bed, the thin cotton night gown was an invitation to Shyam to caress and take what he pleased.

And taking her as he pleased was exactly what was going on in front of her eyes. Shyam's movements over Nandini's body reminded her of how a sitar was played. The sitar is a stringed instrument, as long as a woman's body which you need to rest on your lap as you play. One hand plays the frets, and the other hand plays the strings. And Nandini was laid out so similarly. With Shyam's one hand stroking the leg, the fingers of the hand caressing her face and his lips on her body. Snaking flicks of his tongue teased her nipples with the promise of a strong slurping lick that dragged her nipple, but the promise remained a tease. Nandini arched her back trying to feed her breast to him and find relief. Her legs opened out and it seemed her soul was seeking him and Shyam chose that moment to seek the soul of her pleasure-being. His hand covered her pussy, the palm pressing down, fingers splayed across the thighs, the perineum and the rest of her ass. She shuddered and he held her down. His lips met her aching breasts and Nandini moaned loudly. If Sunita had not heard them in the hall yet, now she would have, thought Shyam. He looked from the corner of his eye and saw her silhouette. There she was, looking. Shyam grunted in satisfaction and he felt his cock twitch with a new energy. An energy now to be found only in his desire for Sunita. Sunita seemed to have tapped into a new source of testosterone in his brain. 

In that same way, Sunita seemed to have found a new energy level. She felt a dam of fluid inside her burst when Nandini thrust her body upward and Shyam palmed and mouthed her. She felt something give way as her body started to flow. She sighed and let her hands get busy, one with her breast and the other stroking downward through clothes and all. The tingling that was buzzing from her lower tummy to her crotch was relieved with the long stroke of her fingers. The heat and dampness was obvious to her even through two layers of clothing. Her lower lip hung open in desire as it was prone to, in her moments of lust. She groaned as she realized that her desires were not going to be met by her own ministrations. Shyam had not yet trained her in any case to pleasure herself. Not because he didn't want to. But because she was sure that the traditional Indian woman in her was to seek pleasure only at her husbands bidding. Or with her Shyam. The automatic qualification of Shyam as a pleasure giver was so natural to her that it seemed at once in contradiction with what she had grown up believing. And yet, belief be damned, the vacantness between her legs was screaming for his touch. 

His touch was there for Nandini's pleasure, but only Shyam knew that his fingers were playing games just to show his Sunita. Nandini could not have known where that new sense of urgency in his fingers came from. She laughed her pleasure as he entered her pussy, two fingers at once. Her hips acquired the rhythm that no woman ever had to consciously learn. She held his head and forced him down to suck her breasts. Nandini was only too aware of the exhibitionist location in which all this was happening but she didn't think they would be spotted. Not that it mattered, though she had noticed more than once before, that when she and Shyam were fucking, Nandini had talked of Sunita and found his cock swelling to new proportions. Nandini secretly wished Sunita could see them like this. She smiled as her body moved in waves rippling from head to toe in soft pleasure, building up to the hard maddening pleasure Shyam was sure to deliver her.

Shyam moved his head off her breasts. And nuzzled her soft expansive tummy now. She was definitely heavier and flabbier than Sunita. He tugged at the flesh and pulled to see if sensations would travel down to her pussy. "Ow!" she complained, as he got aggressive in his wish to reach all the way down. Shyam went gentler now. His fingers were thrust deep and up into her and his tongue snaked out to seek his target. Acrid. Acid. That is how she tasted. It would take some slobbering to get more flow out and dilute this sharpness. Sunita was always so richly flowing and she tasted less acid, perhaps more pungent in her own way. But there was less of sharpness to cope with. He licked at her slit and Nandini spread her legs out ever wider, her right leg going over the back of the sofa. She put her hands behind her head and comfortably settled down for a long luxurious tonguing. Her left leg slid to the floor and she was moaning. Shyam knew this was going to be long and involved, and he also knew what was going to happen next.

As he fucked with his fingers her wetness became abundant and soon his fingers were sliding in and out so effortlessly that he was sure he couldn't be pleasuring her enough. He spread his fingers wider so it would be like a thick cock sliding in and out and sure enough, the groaning resumed. And then she started. She needed to cum and she was going to have to fantasize to go over the edge. This was new. She loved completely intense cumming and it didn't happen till she had fantasized about where and how she was.

"Yes! Suck her, you bastard. She is the one you want to suck and fuck like this isn't it?" she hissed. And as she said that her hips jerked. "Oh, yes, baby! Like that, yes, like that! Do her!" she moaned. Sunita's hands jerked between her legs, her rhythm gone awry with the excitement of what she had just heard. She couldn't believe her ears. What was Nandini talking about? She was asking Shyam to suck and mouth someone else? Who? Her next words imploring Shyam told her all.

"Would you like to suck Sunita like this? Is this Sunita you are sucking? Is that why your tongue is so eager, and your lips milking so deeply?" moaned Nandini. Sunita was shocked. How could Shyam allow Nandini to talk about her like this? She had never ever talked of Shyam in any fashion to anyone, let alone in such sexual terms. Her eyes were transfixed on the undulating body of Nandini as she took her pleasure. Sunita closed her eyes and imagined what Nandini was going through. There had been a distinct change in the convulsions of Nandini's body the moment she started to fantasize about Sunita. Was it renewed vigor from Shyam? Was it Nandini enjoying the turn-on thought of Shyam going down on Sunita? Sunita could virtually feel the ripples radiating outward from her cunt as Nandini must surely be feeling at this time. The gathering up of her womb, the churning of something at the floor of her pelvis, somewhere near the spine, the shots of electricity to her nipples.... She felt all that without being touched. Just at the thought of what Nandini might be feeling as she fantasized that it was Sunita that Shyam was sucking.

Sunita heard a sharp intake of breath and opened her eyes to see Nandini stretch out her legs fully, taut and extended. She had stopped moving. Her hands were on Shyam's head. Every time Shyam hit the right spot she hissed, "Yessssssssssssssss!" and her hands rubbed his scalp. Then she stopped rubbing as she waited for next pass over of the more sensitive area of her pussy. Then some more rubbing and moaning. And then she started to move her hips again. Bucking and thrashing. "Yes! You bastard, take her there! Pleasure her! She wants it! She is waiting for you, up there. Go! Take her! I will help you take her!" she was literally pleading with Shyam to go on.

The sofa creaked loudly as her sumptuous ass pounded the cushions. Shyam was now slobbering loudly. Sunita knew they were being way too noisy but she was transfixed and unable to move or even think. Her panties were soaked and her fingers played uselessly with the lips outwardly. It would have been impossible to miss this and sleep through the noisy lovemaking she thought. Her other hand gripped the railing hard, her knuckles whitening, as she rubbed herself with the free hand, wishing she had learned from Shyam about masturbating. Nandini shuddered and shook so violently that clearly Shyam was having trouble holding her down. He tried hard to keep at the pulsating pussy and pleasure Nandini as fully as he could. Suddenly Nandini pushed him away saying, "I need to use the loo," and she stood up. Shyam pleaded with her to stay, "Just let go, dear. I want you to pour and flood me!" he begged, remembering the way in which Sunita gushed and wondering whether Nandini was stopping herself from gushing. 

"No, I don't think its that," muttered a tense Nandini as she made her way to the toilet, throwing her night gown on, and carrying her undergarments in her hand. As she moved, she thought she saw the silhouette of a person darting in the upper balcony overlooking the hall but she couldn't be sure. "Come lets move to the room," she said moving off towards the stairs to climb to the first floor. The guest room where they were staying was across the floor from Karan and Sunita's room. Shyam followed her, his cock having made his pajamas uncomfortably wet. As they passed the master bedroom Shyam noticed the door was ajar. Nandini went ahead in a hurry as she needed to use the toilet rather urgently. Before he could go further behind Nandini he felt Sunita's soft small hand on his wrist, holding him back. It startled him and the surprise quickly turned to pleasure. Sunita desperately needed to be touched and pulled Shyam to herself. She leaned back against the wall and let her hand explore the hardness in the pajamas. She gasped as she felt the damp mess in the pajamas and the still jerking and twitching cock which had received no attention yet from Nandini.

Her mouth opened to hungrily devour the man who had made her the full woman she now was. She kissed him hard and he let his hands go to the small, tender yet deliciously sensitive breasts. She moaned into his mouth and slid her pussy close to his thigh so that she could grind against the hardness of his thigh for some immediate and urgent relief. Shyam started to bunch up her dress in his fingers and pull up the gown around her waist. Sunita parted her legs, cursing for having worn her panties. She needed to feel his cock, to stroke him and to reach for his shoulders and touch him everywhere. She could hardly afford to divert her hands to her panties and yet she wanted his hands there. Not just in her crotch but diving deep into her. Not just finger fucking, but for his digits to take full possession of her and responsibility for pleasuring her ever more completely.

In the heat of the moment Shyam and Sunita were just grabbing at each other wildly everywhere. His hands were on her breasts, going up from under the hem of her gown. So it could not have been his hands that slowly started to peel down her panties. Nor were the hands large as his. They were soft, feminine; they were Nandini's.

Sunita shuddered as she almost climaxed at the thought of Nandini touching her. It was the excitement of being touched by such soft hands, but it was also the first time a woman had been sexual towards her. In that instant she realized that Shyam and Nandini were intensely sexual beings compared to herself and Karan and that Nandini was implicitly accepting Sunita's need for Shyam.

Her body shook and tears filled her eyes as she looked at Nandini's admiring eyes take in her body as she knelt down and rolled the panties down to her ankles. Her body shuddered and spasmed with every touch of Nandini's hands. No she wasn't a lesbian; it was just that Nandini was a woman unleashed by her Shyam years ago. And the acceptance of Sunita by Nandini opened doors for her with Shyam which meant a more complete sexual experience than ever before. It settled all the complex feelings that surged in her every time her body lusted Shyam. Suddenly it was all okay and the tears were the relief at having crossed an important stage in the evolution with Shyam. That sense of belonging, bordering on gratitude, made her kiss Nandini on her lips. Nandini screamed a little scream and her hands stroked Sunita's crotch and ass. As her hand went near Sunita's crotch it encountered the bouncing thickness of Shyam as he continued to fondle her breasts and seek her lips.

Nandini grabbed the cock and stroked it lovingly. Her Shyam's cock. Shyam covered Sunita's mouth and screamed into her mouth as Nandini took the edge off Shyam's hardon. A few strokes later Shyam had let go of enough precum to be able to manage himself. But in those few jerks his teeth sank into Sunita's shoulder. Sunita held his head and laughed as she felt the intense togetherness in this experience. Her pussy jostled with Nandini's hand for relief and Nandini didn't disappoint her. She stroked and entered the pussy gently. Now it was Sunita's turn to scream back into Shyam's throat. Shuddering spasms of relief swept through her and she jolted and jerked her head as orgasms coursed their way through her nerves. Nandini now stood up and whispered to Shyam, "Now is that day to fulfill our desire to pleasure Sunita. I want to hold her legs apart for you to suck and lick. And play her breasts and suck on them while you make her cum. And then guide your cock into her cunt so she realizes what a real cock feels like. A real thick, man cock."

Sunita shuddered on hearing all this and moaned loudly. Nandini held the hands of both Shyam and Sunita and led them into the guest room.

Sunita sat down gingerly on the edge of the bed while Nandini stood next to her letting her pussy, wet and soppy smear against Sunita's shoulder. She reached down and cupped the small breasts, as if weighing them in each hand. "They are so elegant and well poised," sighed Nandini as she let them go with a plop. A second later she had knelt down and mouthed the breasts. Sunita screamed her pleasure. A woman's lips; they were so soft, caring and motherly. Her hand went to Nandini's head to guide her, to encourage her to continue sucking her. Nandini gently laid her back, and her larger breasts pressed against Sunita's smaller breasts. It felt strange, soft and comforting to Sunita to have a woman cushion against her. Their nipples touched. Nandini held her breast and made her nipple toggle Sunita's. Sunita gasped and her hands went around and clutched at Nandini's large ass. "Mmmmmmmmmm!" mumbled Nandini approvingly.
