 "I know you lust her," he drawled, from his sprawled out position on the floor cushion in one corner. Shyam turned beet red and looked at Sunita, nursing his drink. She had her eyes down, too embarrassed to look up. Suddenly it occurred to Shyam that Karan was probably too drunk to know what he was saying anyway. 

"Yes," replied Shyam. "I lust for Sunita in more ways that you know to make love to a woman."

Karan burst out laughing, "Then take her!" he said in a matter-of-fact tone of voice. 

Sunita looked up in shock, pulling her the cloth of her saree pallu more closely around her shoulders to re-emphasize her modesty and conservative upbringing.

"Why are you responding to him?" she whispered. "You know he is drunk."

"I know he is drunk and so I am going to respond to you," Shyam muttered back.

"What are the two of you discussing? Where to fuck? Do it right here in front of me!" he leered.

Shyam pushed Sunita back against the wall and tried to kiss her. She face was red hot flushed and she twisted her head to the side to avoid his lips. Shyam buried his lips in the hollow of her neck and Sunita let out a long involuntary sigh. Her hands pushed at Shyam's shoulders, trying to push him away. But it was a strange way to push indeed. Her hands were holding his shoulders and in that sense pulling him to her. And then she was pushing back half-heartedly. She had her turned to one side and her eyes closed when she felt that there was someone next to her.

She opened her eyes and found to her horror that Karan was standing there. Close to her and looking at her face intently, the fumes of alcohol from his breath on her face. She opened her mouth to say something and instead found her lips covered by his lips. She gasped in shock, now really trying to push Shyam away, but not Karan. He was her husband; she would not deny him the pleasure of kissing her. Or indeed doing anything he pleased with her.

Her pallu slipped off her left shoulder revealing the spaghetti strap blouse she was wearing. She felt Shyam's breath on that shoulder and straightaway regretted having worn something so revealing for a blouse under the saree. But Karan had pushed her to wear it earlier in the evening when they were getting ready for the party.

Shyam tried to move back. He was stunned with the turn of events and was not sure about going this far with his moves on Sunita, that too in her husband's presence. But the hands on his shoulders held on to him, and that surprised him. She gently held on to him as she kissed Karan back with her lips, in the way Karan had taught her to. She pushed down on his shoulder, her desire overcoming her conservative upbringing. Shyam slid down towards the floor. His face brushed Sunita's breasts and when he touched her bare torso she screamed into Karan's throat from the shock waves of pleasure it sent through her system. Karan's hand moved to Sunita's chest, his fingers running through the inside of the spaghetti thin strap that held up her blouse. His fingers felt her now burning flesh on the chest and shoulder. He slipped the strap over the shoulder, thus pushing the blouse a bit lower and trying to reach her breast. 

Sunita leaned forward so that the full saree could come off her shoulders. The entire upper part slid now, baring both her shoulders. To both her men. Deep inside her, her mind was dizzy with questions. Karan's behavior was unpredictable but that was okay because he was drunk? How come Shyam who never ever drank was also responding to Karan's taunts so brazenly? How did she herself begin to kiss Karan and not let Shyam go? Where would this head? Should she let it go wherever it led, or should she assert herself and put a stop to this shameless devouring that both the men had commenced?

Any doubts on what she should do next were partially resolved as she felt Shyam go still lower from her tummy. And nuzzle the gentle valley between her legs. She kissed Karan hard and deep, sliding her tongue in and out of his mouth as if she was fucking him. Her hands moved to Shyam's head and she slowly started to hump his head. Karan slipped his hand in from the top of her blouse and tried to search for the nipple or to find a way to cup the mound of flesh.

Sunita frantically pulled out the folds of her saree so her Shyam could get at her pussy which was now on fire. She let the saree unravel and she was now in a state of undress. Right here at the bar in her house. With her husband kissing her and playing with her breasts. And with Shyam (What was he? Lover? Husband? The real one? Friend? Just another man?) Trying to reach her pussy. Both her men knew that the other was pleasuring an area which both men wanted to possess. She knew Shyam wanted all of her, and that he was conscious of the way Karan and she were kissing. She could see that Karan was aware of Shyam kneeling in front of Sunita, his head where Sunita wouldn't let Karan go beyond a point. Karan made a mental note to observe how far she let Shyam go, as he triumphantly found the edge of Sunita's bra.

Shyam in the meantime had found the edge of Sunita's petticoat and was busy lifting up the garment. Caressing her ankles, her thighs, now her panty encased hip. As Shyam's fingers reached the lining of her panties and wisps of hair and started to probe for entry, she knew she had let things go too far.

She pushed aside both men and moved to other side of the room. "What is wrong with both of you?" she asked. "How can this be?" Her hands were crossed over the front of her body and on her shoulders, as she tried to cover as much of her flesh as she could. What she hadn't noticed is that her petticoat cord had been untied by Shyam and that her petticoat had half slid off one hip. Shyam looked at her, standing there thus. Sunita's body pink from the heightened arousal from the attention of both men. Her traditional jewelry on her sculpted neck and large earring pieces on either ear. The usual array of delicate rings on her delicate fingers. Her nose pink and twitching with indignation and desire. Shaam stayed where he was on his knees, not moving, not knowing how to respond.

Sunita gasped as she felt Karan come up from behind, allowing his cock, hard and restrained in his shorts, to brush against her ass. She threw her head back and he slipped his hand around her shoulder and placed his palm on her bare chest. She turned her head with her lips parted and kissed his cheek. This was okay. She and her husband. But there was another person watching. Even as she kissed him she moved a bit bringing some distance between them and said to Karan, "Not here, not with him watching."

Karan caught up with her and cupped both her breasts in his hand from behind. Then he curved his back and let his cock prod her ass through clothes and all and proceeded to fuck her in humping motions. She hissed, "What are you doing?" 

"What you want madly, but don't know how to handle, you bitch," he replied, his mouth nibbling at her ear lobe. The thrusts made the petticoat slip further and now Sunita's petticoat was a puddle at her feet. She stood there in panties and blouse, getting dry humped from behind, watched by a man kneeling on the floor some distance away. As she leaned forward to allow Karan more, her mangalsutra, the gold chain that was a testimony to her married status, hung from her neck, and with each thrust, it swung and swayed. 

The man kneeling on the floor was wondering what to do. His cock had become hard and was throbbing from watching Karan go at his wife. At Sunita, Shyam's woman. That lovely curve of the belly as it quivered with the thrusts was so familiar to him. So was the valley between her legs. He swallowed and felt dryness in his throat. He shuffled on his knees close to where Karan and Sunita were and caressed her thighs. Her hand shot downward and gripped his wrist. Her hand had control now of his hand. He was so close to Karan as well, as Karan continued with his thrusting, and his kneading of her breasts.

Sunita knew that she had taken Shyam's hand in her grip to stop him and push him away. She didn't know how this situation had developed, but Shyam was not to interrupt anything that her husband wanted to do to her. She could therefore never later understand why she took that hand in her grip and let it feel the warmth moistness between her legs. Her hands showed Shyam's hand her state of arousal. Shyam slowly caressed the open lips between the legs, feeling Sunita's contours through the thin fabric of her panties. He pushed his finger in and allowed it to go as far as the restraining fabric would allow him. Now he knew he wanted it out of the way. His hands came to her hip and started to slowly roll down her panties. Her hand was gripping his wrist. Control. Her self control. The conservative woman wanting to stop what was happening here. But having taken his wrist in her hand, she was more like guiding and accompanying him to where ever he was going.

As Shyam slid the panties down, her ass was bared and he could see the tent in Karan's shorts grind against her ass. He also saw the large wet spot on Karan's shorts front. He looked up and saw husband and wife with lips locked and his hands kneading and caressing at her breasts through her blouse. Shyam kissed at her hip and Sunita gasped loudly. He moved to her front, squarely facing her pussy and started to lick her lower belly. Her knees bent and opened wider, allowing him more access. She pushed his hand too willing him to go further. Her lips were playing and sucking with Karan's lips. Suddenly she felt Shyam's lips probing for her lower lips. She squealed into Karan's mouth as their frantic kissing continued. Sunita couldn't believe the way she was responding to both men. The way her body wanted both. And the way the both of them shed inhibitions to devour her. In a sense it was a contest. Both wanted to see how much ground each of them could cover.

Karan was not quite sure what he was doing given the fact that he was a little drunk. He fumbled with the buttons of the blouse. He groped her breasts through the cloth, let his hand slip in through the top, pinched, scratched gently with his nails, tried to reach with his mouth, and none of those things worked. Desperate to get at that the waiting ripe flesh he slipped off both shoulder straps and tried to push the top down. The fabric stretched as he mishandled it. He looked down and saw Shyam nosing her pussy. He desperately pulled at the blouse so the buttons popped. Sunita held Karan's head and kissed him harder still, her hips moving up and down fucking Shyam's head between her legs.

For Shyam the contest was well set, and he knew he wanted her pussy lips more than the lips of her mouth. His fingers probed the slit and he heard a throaty groan from Sunita as her hips moved up and down. She looked like the raging slut she was: spread out against the wall, her legs bent at the knees, her hips moving up and down. A man between her legs and another man kissing her and mauling her breasts. She held Shyam's head so she could ride his head. She held Karan's head so she could make him suck her breast.

Karan moved lower and pushed aside the bra. Her breast was squeezed out and his lips reached for the nipples. She sighed. Shyam heard the sigh and wanted to do something wilder. He fucked her with his fingers and let his tongue close on the clit. Sunita moaned loudly. She slid to the floor slowly, the body sagging under the weight of the sensations ripping through her body. Karan had to let slip through his hands and when she touched the floor she lay down. Shyam was able to slide down with her and was able to keep licking, biting and nipping at her thighs and her pubic area. His tongue flailed wildly trying to keep connected with her clit but that was tough. When she was on the floor he quickly buried his nose in her pussy, tasting and smelling what he loved so much – her rich flowing juices.

Karan watched in amazement at the readiness with his wife accepted Shyam's head between her legs. She now had her hands on his head and her hips were thrusting against his face. Karan's brain was fuzzy with liquor and he could not decide whether it was a dream or for real. But the thump of her ass on the floor seemed real. The shaking breasts, as the body jerked with each heave of her hips seemed real. The way those nipples were standing and asking for attention seemed real. He leaned forward and with his mouth wide open sucked in all of her breast. His hand traveled down her torso caressing her stomach, playing with soft hair line down that way, as he normally did when he was sucking her breast. Normally, his hand would reach far enough and slip into her pussy. But now, today he couldn't go beyond that – he touched the top of Shyam's head and realized that Sunita's pussy was taken.

Shyam looked up and saw Karan's mouth closed around his Sunita's breast. Karan was looking sidelong at the sight of Shyam's head bobbing between his wife's legs. Their eyes met briefly. Each aware of what they were watching. A race to pleasure and be pleasured by a woman each considered his own. And till today Karan had not known of the other man. Would he remember tomorrow? 

Sunita's hip started to buck and thrash as Shyam attacked with a renewed vigor. The source of that vigor was the knowledge that Karan was watching. He wanted to show Karan what his wife was capable of experiencing, but only with Shyam. His fingers skillfully fucked the depths of her womb. His tongue focused on that narrow engorged knob. He alternated between slobbering kisses and probing flicks of his tongue. As Sunita started to thrash around, she held on to Karan's arms. She clung to him to help ride the wave upon on wave of orgasm that was wracking her body brought on by Shyam. Karan looked up at his wife. She kissed him and held on and screamed into his mouth, "Shyam! Shyam! Shyam! Shyam!"

Karan held her in his arms, lovingly and allowed her to use his arms, his lips, and his body to absorb the violence of Sunita's orgasm. He held her down. The pressure of him on her, allowed her to let her body go. The orgasm triggered by Shyam ripped through her body and she held on to her dear and beloved Karan for dear life. Shyam realized what was happening and mauled her pussy with her fingers wanting her to explode even more uncontrollably.

She started to gush. Her womb expanded and he felt the shot and the stream of juices flowing. He slurped and continued to tongue her wildly. She let go with an "ooooooooohhhhhhhhhh!" A long release of all her body fluids with unrestrained flow. Her insides and her thighs and pubic area grew tender and she kicked away at Shyam and clung hard to Karan in the aftermath and glow of orgasmic release. 

Shyam rose, his face streaked, and his cock large and reddening and moved up to enter Sunita. Karan held her hips and tried to swivel her body around and away from Shyam. He hadn't noticed when Shyam undid his trousers. But there he was his trouser around his knees and his cock read to plunge into her wet waiting pussy. He wanted her for himself.

Sunita got up and stood. She held their hands and had them stand up too. Karan's cock was tenting his shorts, while Shyam's trousers fell to his ankle. Both of them moved close to Sunita to vie for her attention. Shyam licked at her breast smearing it with her own juices. Karan shucked off his shorts and let his cock spring out. It wasn't fully engorged the way Shyam was, but the alcohol had him abuzz. The same alcohol which was not letting him be completely hard. He looked at Shyam and saw that the short cock was thick and seemed straining to grow beyond its physical confines. 

Sunita smiled sweetly at both of them and took both cocks in each of her hands. She pushed back till both men were leaning against the wall. Her hand expertly moved down the cock pulling the skin back and making the head swell. Shyam gasped. His cock let out a spot of precum. Sunita caught that in her fist and smeared the fluid over the cockhead and jerked back down, once again pulling the skin back. Shyam shuddered. Her hand now pulled at the skin and moved up the cock, gathering the foreskin around the head. Once again, she led her hand slide back, the head reared. Some more fluid leaked and she captured it and used it to fist him back. Shyam's head jerked and his body bucked as wild sensations of pleasure coursed through his body. She really knew how to fist......Oh god, this was not how he wanted to cum. He wanted to fuck her, but the pleasure was too intense for him to pull back....

And that was what she was doing with Karan as well. A little harder, but the same fisting down. Seeking the fluid from the head and smearing over his cock and skin, and using the lubrication to fuck him with her fist. Karan started to shudder and his ass thumped against the wall. His hand held Sunita's wrist and he jerked his hips into her hands. Both men were flailing and thrashing as Sunita expertly used her fist, her thumb and her wrist to excite, generate cum, spread and fuck the two cocks, one slender and the other thick but both beloved.

She knew she could fuck only one of them. There was no way she was going to let either Karan or Shyam fuck her pussy if the other had soaked it first. Something seemed wrong in that. As she jerked and fisted, her body gained a rhythm and her mangalsutra jingled lightly along with her bangles as she fist fucked both men. And her pussy was aching for a cock. Much as she loved Karan, she wanted Shyam's thickness and Shyam's ability to fuck unabated. There was nothing else that could satiate her. 

When Karan started to twist and thrash, she knew he was ready to cum. She had known all along that he would be the one to cum. She let go of Shyam briefly and knelt before Karan. His cock twitched as she fisted it unrelentingly. Her fist covered the head of the cock and her other hand massaged the base. She looked up and saw him looking down at him, his lips and face contorted as with every fist movement she touched the sensitive cock and set its nerves on fire. He smiled, with a sense of triumph at having his wife attend him while Shyam was unattended. She smiled back and fisted him hard. Her hand was at the base, the cock erect, the skin pulled back and whole pillar of flesh quivering. Her mouth formed an "O" and she kissed the head lightly. That was enough to send him over the top. He shot his load. Spurts flew. Sunita moved her head to let it fall to the ground, but some drops landed on her shoulder. She pulled at the cock and fisted back helping Karan shoot another long hard squirt. This time her fist covered the head and she captured his seed in her hand. Karan held her head and his hips bucked and thrashed. His cock thrust towards her head willing her to mouth him but she moved away. No way could she take him in her mouth with Shyam watching. 

She looked toward Shyam as her hand dutifully milked every drop of Karan's cum out of him. Their eyes met. Sunita's pinking face reflected the lust and passion coursing through her body. As she milked the cock in her hand, her eyes seemed to say to Shyam, "When I am done with this milking, there is no cock to compete with you. And my pussy needs a filling which you can provide." The jerking and thrusting slowed as Karan felt his body emptying out. Sunita smeared the cum on his thighs and for the rest she wiped her hands on his shorts. Karan slid to the floor. She kissed him on the lips and held him close, while the other hand reached out for Shyam's cock. She pulled Shyam close to herself. Karan's eyes closed as he felt a drowsiness wash over him, the combined effect of the deep orgasm and the alcohol in his blood.

Sunita's hand was on Shyam's cock, holding it like the barrel of a gun and she pulled him near her face. She breathed on it and watched it jerk. What she was not willing to do with Karan she seemed eager to do with Shyam. Karan was her husband and she felt traditional and inhibited in being herself with him. But Shyam was different. He was the man who made her realize the woman inside herself. He represented joy and carefree ways. As the cock leapt to her warm breathe she realized he would like it to be kissed. She opened her mouth and took in his cock, sliding her lips up and down the thick shaft. Kneeling on the ground next to the supine form of her drained husband. Shyam pushed her back and made her lie on her back and himself lay down next to her, on the other side of where Karan was lying.
