 Ted and two friends sat around Ted's den watching the Sunday races on television. It was a hit and miss race, they kept getting rained out. It didn't look like it was going to be a very good race.

"Damn, they just don't have any good crashes like they used too." Tyler commented when Ted's wife Patti walked into the room. "Hey how are you?"

"Hi! I'm good and you?" Patti said looking Tyler up and down, she remembered him from when he had repaired their AC unit last summer. 

Tyler was a tall muscular well built black man, she remembered the fun they had had after he finished. She just hadn't been able to resist flirting with him. She had finally got his attention. She did it on purpose, hoping that Ted would walk in on them and that was exactly what had happened. He walked into the den and there was his wife on her knees sucking Tyler's cock. 

Fred, a new neighbor from down the street sat in the recliner trying to watch the race, looking at Ted's wife he could tell she wasn't wearing a bra under her tank top, he could see her nipples were hard. For an older woman probably 20 years older than himself she looked good in that tank top and shorts.

"Can I bring you guys anything?" she asked Ted sweetly, leaning over him to give him a kiss.

"I can't think of anything honey." he said looking down the front of her tank top, he saw her nipples were hard. Fuck! he thought to himself, she had the best looking tits he had ever seen. Reaching up he pinched both nipples. "ummm, nipples." he said pinching them a bit hard.

"Mmmm, the girls like that." she said looking at him. 

"I know they do." he said giving her tits a gentle squeeze. God she looked so hot in that outfit. He knew she dressed that way on purpose, he could tell she was horny, very horny.

"Well, I'll leave you guys alone with your race."

She picked up the empty beer cans and had her hands full, almost dropping them.

"I'll be upstairs if you need anything, anything at all..." she said turning and walking toward the stairs. Halfway across the room she dropped two cans, she leaned over to pick them up.

Fred looked over at her and he could see her shapely ass in those tight shorts.

"Nice ass baby girl." Ted told her feeling his cock stir. What he wouldn't give to have her go to her knees in front of him and take his cock out and suck him. Licking and sucking his dick, feeling his member getting hard in her mouth, he knew she loved to suck his cock any time and any place.

"Woops!" she said turning around and looking at them. "Silly me, I'm just so... clumsy." she said looking at them, "Oh, don't forget fellas, let me know if you need anything, ANYTHING at all." she said slowly walking up the stairs.

"Damn!" Tyler said remembering the way she had sucked his dick and then how later he had fucked her while her husband watched. "You are one lucky man Ted,"

"Don't I know it, she is the best." Ted agreed glancing over at Fred. "She will fuck or suck cock at the drop of a hat, all I have to do is say the word." Ted explained looking at Fred.

Fred was surprised that Ted would tell a neighbor such intimate things about his own wife. It was almost as if Ted were proud of his wife's behavior. Fred cleared his throat and went back to watching the race.

Fred took a big swig of his beer, "Say Ted, you let your wife dress like that in front of company?"

"Sure, why not?" he replied, thinking of how hot she had looked bending over that way, showing off her ass. "I'm proud of my wife, she's not shy about what she likes. She just happens to love sex, sucking cock and then getting fucked." he explained to Fred. "She also likes to eat pussy."

"You mean she's a lesbian?"

"No, she's bi, she has a couple of girl friends that she plays with."

"Well, uh...it's like she was advertising her goods."

"Did you like what you saw?" Ted asked thinking of watching his wife getting fucked by two men at the same time, two black men.

"Patti and I are VERY secure in our relationship, I trust her and she trust me."

"I'd never let my wife dress like that in front of my friends." Fred said, that was if he still had a wife. His wife of 30 years had got up one day and said she was leaving, and she did. A week later he got divorce papers served to him at his job.

It's not that he was a prude or anything but he just didn't think a wife should show her body off like that. Fred had to admit he did like what he had seen.

"She did look hot in that tank top and short shorts." Tyler said rubbing his hand across his crotch.

"Yes she did," Ted had to agree, he wondered if they could have some fun. The race wasn't anything to get excited about. "I'll be right back." Ted said getting up and walking towards the stairs.

"Take your time," Fred said, thinking of the way she had leaned over in front of them. He was going to have to go home later and jack off. 

"You know I've had her." Tyler told Fred, waiting to see his reaction.

"No, you didn't." 

"Yep, I sure did right here in this room, I came over to fix the AC unit last summer."

"You didn't get caught did you?"

"Yeah, Ted walked in when she was on her knees sucking my dick." Tyler said remembering the feeling of her hot, wet mouth licking and sucking him. "She is good VERY good."

"Fuck!"

"Yeah, then he let me fuck her on that bed," Tyler said motioning to the queen sized bed across the room.

Meanwhile upstairs...

Patti was in the kitchen loading the dishwasher, Ted stood in the doorway watching her.

You are a VERY NAUGHTY wife." he said walking over to her.

"Not me." she said glancing around at him.

"Yes YOU!" he said, "I think you want to get fucked don't you?" he asked reaching out and caressing her ass. He turned her around to face him, reaching for her shorts he unbuttoned and unzipped them. Ted slid his hand inside. " bet you're wet too aren't you baby?" he told her finding her bare, shaved wet pussy.

"Always baby always." she said looking up at him, "I want to suck some cock."

she told him reaching for him, rubbing her hand over his dick, gently squeezing

his cock through his sweat pants. She felt his hand caress her pussy, slipping a finger inside of her.

"Be my guest honey," he told her looking down and watching her tug his sweats and boxers down enough to get to his dick. It didn't bother him they had company in the den, he needed her mouth on his cock and balls.

"Mmmm," she said stroking his cock, looking up at him. "I need you." she replied sinking to her knees in the middle of the kitchen.

Ted thought of the day they made love in the kitchen. James the young man who had come over to cut the grass had been right outside the kitchen window listening while they played.

"Yeah??? You need some cock in your mouth don't you."

All she could do was lean into him and flick her tongue across the head of his cock. She heard him gasp at her touch. She continued to stroke his dick, feeling his cock getting hard for her. 

"Fuck yeah baby." he whispered to her, watching her while she expertly licked his dick, he glanced toward the door. "Do it baby, get my cock hard." he told her, wanting to fuck her mouth. 

Grasping his cock gently she took his dick into her mouth, loving the taste of him.

Anytime she had the chance to suck his cock she loved it.

"Ummm, yeah..." Ted whispered putting his hands on her shoulders, looking down at her he watched her expertly nibble the shaft of his growing cock. "just like that."

Patti glanced up at him, she knew she was making him feel good, she felt his cock getting hard in her mouth. Flicking her tongue over the head of his cock she heard him groan, when she flicked her tongue across the underside of his dick. "Mmmm..." she moaned.

Ted looked her in her eyes and pushed his cock into her mouth, "Ahhh, take it."

Patti did as she was told, opening her mouth she took him into her mouth.

In and out she swallowed him, felt him grasping her hair in his hands. She spread her legs wider and reached down with one hand and rubbed her pussy.

Suddenly Ted pulled his cock from her mouth, "That's enough for now." he said pulling his boxers and sweats back up.

Patti looked up at him , "Honey..." she said with a pout, "I need you."

" Give me about ten minutes and then come back downstairs. "he told her helping her to her feet.

"Well alright, if you say so."

"Yes, I say so." he said taking three more beers from the fridge. "Love you." he tells her walking down the stairs.

"Love you too."

"Boy oh boy is she in a mood today," Ted said walking over and handing Tyler and Fred each another beer. "I went to get beer and she went to her knees in the middle of the kitchen."

That statement got Fred's attention, he pictured her going to her knees in front of her husband.

"No, she didn't." Fred commented.

"Yeah, wants some dick does she?" Tyler asked noticing that Ted had a hard on.

"Well Tyler, you know first hand how she is." Ted said sitting down on the sofa.

"Oh yes I do." Tyler said rubbing his hand across his crotch. "She does love to suck and fuck."

"You let your wife have sex with other men?" Fred asked looking at Ted.

"Sure, as long as I know about it." Ted said thinking of his wife taking not one but two black cocks at one time. 

"This race sucks," Tyler said hoping maybe they all could have some fun this afternoon.

"It sure does," Ted said with agreeing with Tyler, "and so does my wife."

"Hell yeah she does,"

"She's really good huh?" Fred asked feeling his cock twitch.

"The best I have ever had." Ted said proudly picturing her on her knees in front of all three of them sucking cock. "How do you think she got me back after being apart for 27 years?"

"Really?"

"Yep, we had dated years ago and we had went our separate ways." Ted explained "then a few years ago she looked me up on the internet," 

"And you've been together ever since?"

"Sure have."

"But when she has sex with other people isn't that cheating?" Fred asked thinking he would never let his wife have sex with other men.

"We have an agreement, we can play with other people as long as we are all together or we know about it ahead of time."

"Wish my wife had liked sex, she always said it was dirty." Fred admitted.

Ted reached for the remote and turned the race off and put the TV on DVD. "We've even

made home videos."

"Really?" Fred asked interested now, he wouldn't mind seeing her in action.

"Oh yeah, she loves to be filmed, gets her super horny." Ted explained walking over to

the cabinet and picking out a DVD. He found the DVD he was looking for and he put it 

into the player. "This is one of her and a girlfriend and the girlfriend's boyfriend."

"Fuck!" Fred whispered when suddenly there up on the screen was Ted's wife and another woman. Patti was on her back with her legs spread and the woman was eating her pussy while the man was behind the woman fucking her hard doggy style.

"My wife loves to get her pussy ate," Ted said sitting down on the end of the queen sized bed.

"Hey!" Patti called as she walked down the stairs, "what are you guys doing, jerking each other off?"

"No baby, that's your job." Ted said when she walked into the room.

"Oh I remember that day," she said commenting on the video, "When she sat on my face and I was eating her out, she squirted all over me." she said with a laugh, "thought I was going to drown."

"She did get you soaked didn't she honey?"

"Oh you know she did," Patti said, "that was the last time you were out of town."

"Yep, and I was in the middle of a big meeting and you kept texting me naughty messages."

"I was so bad, I just had to get punished when you got home."

"Texting me pictures of you and your friends fucking." 

"You really punished her?" Fred asked looking at them both.

"Yes he did, I got spanked...hard."

"Yes I did." Ted said glancing over at Fred noticing him rubbing his crotch.

"How did I punish you baby?"

"You leaned me over the bed and teased me and got me so turned on I couldn't stand it."

"Then I walked out of the room." he said, "but I did come back and fuck you."

"Yes you did baby, I loved it."

"Strip." Ted told her, he wanted to see her on her knees in front of all three of them.

"Yes dear." she said, pulling her tank top off and dropping it to the floor.

Fred just stared at her tits, he watched while she slowly unzipped and unbuttoned her shorts .

"Show those pretty tits," Tyler said with a smile, licking his lips. He did want to feel her

hot, mouth on his cock.

"For $7,000.00 they had better be pretty." Ted said walking over to her, he reaches out and pinches her nipples hard, she gasps at the pain. 

"Mmmm," Ted said giving her nipple a hard pinch, "you like that don't you baby?"

Ted leaned down and took her nipple into his mouth and sucked on it, biting her nipple.

"Yes," she whispered, looking at all three of them.

Fred swallowed he couldn't take his eyes off of her, he watched as she pushed her shorts down over her hips they fell to the floor. She stood there naked.

"On your knees slut-wife." Ted ordered her, 

"Damn," Fred whispered watching while she went to her knees in front of Ted.

Patti did as she was told, dropping to her knees in front of her husband. 

Ted stood and pulled his sweats and boxers down, stepping out of them he put his hand under her chin and made her look up at him. "Suck my cock NOW!" he said looking in her eyes.

"Service your husband." he said when she took his cock in her hand, looking up at him she slowly stroked him. "Yeah, stroke my dick."

Fred and Tyler stood there and watched while she expertly stroked his cock, flicking her tongue all over his cock. 

"Fuck," Ted groaned when she teased the underside of his cock, flicking the tip of her tongue all along the sensitive underside, right under the head. "Damn, my slut knows how to please me."

Patti looked up at him, stroking his balls, she knew he was enjoying what she was doing to him. She hoped he had the camera turned on, she had a feeling they were going to have a lot of fun.

"She is good too," Tyler commented watching her expertly lean lower and lick Ted's balls one after the other. "lick those balls."

"Ummm, yeah my slut lick my balls," Ted told her, he knew she got really turned on when he called her his slut. It was just a pet name for her, she knew he would never mean it.

Patti nibbled his balls one after the other, finally taking one into her mouth. She could feel her pussy throb, she needed to play and get fucked. 

Tyler couldn't wait he had to join the fun, quickly stripping he walked over to the end of the bed. "Suck this black dick, show Fred how much you like it." Tyler said stroking his growing dick.

Tyler stood next to Ted and watched Patti lick her way to the head of Ted's cock, he could see a drop of precum on the head of his friend's cock.

She licked that drop of precum with her tongue leaving a string of precum from the head of Ted's cock to her lips. "Ummm," she moaned tasting his juices. Swallowing it she gently sucked the head of his cock.

Letting Ted's cock slip from her mouth, she looked up at Ted, "Can I honey?"

"Suck him." Ted told her watching her turn to where Tyler stood.

"Yes dear," she said reaching for Tyler's dick. "ummm," she said giving his growing cock a lick.

All Fred could do was watch as Patti licked and stroked Tyler's cock, going from Tyler to Ted she kept licking and teasing them both. 

"Do it wife-slut suck us both," Ted told her glancing over at Fred, "take Tyler's cock deep,"

Patti took a deep breath and took Tyler's throbbing member as deep down her throat as she could.

Ted could see the outline of that cock in her throat, "That's it wife-slut, take it," he told her watching her taking that cock in and out of her mouth. He watched Tyler, slowly fuck her mouth.

"Shit, do it." Tyler told her, looking down and watching her taking his cock. "Suck my dick." Tyler grabbed handfuls of her long hair and fucked into her mouth, in and out making her take as much as she could. "Good slut, suck this black dick,"

Ted watched his wife sucking Tyler's cock, hoping they could get Fred to join in. He glanced over and saw that Fred had finally unzipped and unbuttoned his pants and had his hard cock out. "Don't you want my wife-sluts hot, wet mouth on your dick Fred?"

"She is good, ahhh take it." Tyler said pushing his cock deeper into her mouth making her gag on it.

Ted tapped her on her shoulder, his signal for her to suck him again.

Patti pulled away from Tyler's throbbing cock, gasping for air. She loved sucking dick but right at this moment she needed a little air.

"Fred why don't you join us?" Ted said grabbing her by her head and pushing his cock back into his wife's mouth, "suck me."

Patti took Ted's cock into her mouth, nibbling up and down the shaft, stroking his balls at the same time. She glanced up at him, flicking her tongue all over his dick. 

"Ummm, well...I've never done anything like this." Fred stammered not taking his eyes off of the sight before him. Watching his neighbor's wife sucking cock right in front of him. He had to admit she did look like she was enjoying it. 

"Yes, suck my cock," Ted told her holding her head between his hands holding her down on his cock. Fucking in and out of her mouth he made her take him. "I have such a slutty wife,"

"Thank God for that," Tyler said, "like I say Ted you are one lucky man."

"Don't I know it," Ted continued to fuck her mouth, he could hear her moaning around his cock in her mouth. Pulling on her hair he fucked her mouth, deep just the way she liked it.

"You just love cock don't you slut?" Ted watched her lick and suck him. All she could do was nod yes and flick the tip of her tongue across the head of his cock.

He did love to watch her take cock in her mouth or in her tight pussy, he loved to watch it spreading her open.

"You're missing out on some great sucking action Fred," Tyler said, stroking his cock.

"Fuck!" Ted groaned when she flicked her tongue on that most sensitive spot on the underside of his cock, right under the head. "Oh yeah, just like that..."

Patti was in heaven sucking her husbands cock and Tyler's too. She was hoping she would get to suck Fred too. "Mmmm, " she moaned around the cock in her mouth, Ted grabbed her head tighter and held her down. "Suck that dick, he told her pushing his cock deeply into her mouth.

"She's good Fred," Ted said trying to get Fred to join in, "you don't know what you're missing."

"You got that right," Tyler said, "she knows how to suck dick." 

Ted fucked her mouth slow and deep, holding her down on his cock. "Ahh yeah suck me."

"Her pussy isn't bad either." Ted said stroking his hard cock, he wanted to fuck her, "she is just as tight as when we met back in 1982."

"You've known each other that long?" Fred asked, still hesitant to join in. His cock was throbbing in his hand. He stroked himself, 'why they hell not,' he reasoned if Ted and Tyler can enjoy having her sucking their dicks with other people in the room so could he.

"Come on Fred, you know you want her mouth on your dick." Tyler told him, "she is good."

"Well..." Fred took a deep breath and undressed before he could change his mind. He could use a good blow job, his wife hadn't liked doing that for him. He walked over to the end of the bed.

"Show Fred how good you are wife," Ted told her, "show him what a slut you can be."

Patti let Ted's cock slip from her mouth, turning and watching Fred walk up to her she reached for his cock. "Another hard cock for me." she said looking up at Fred and stroking him. "I just LOVE to suck dick." she said seeing a drop of precum on the head of his dick. "Ummm," she said licking that drop of precum from his cock. 
