 My wife Kate walked into the house first, naked. Lori, our good friend and down the street neighbor, followed closely behind. She was also naked and chuckled quietly as we climbed the stairs from the back deck to the house. I followed those two gorgeous derrieres into the cool kitchen. This had already been quite the afternoon. We had all been laying out in the back yard, getting some early spring sun on ourselves. We were all a bit pink. Some were stickier than others.

"I need to borrow your shower," giggled Lori. "I smell funky ... like Cabana Boy here." She raked her fingernails on her chest above her breasts and shifted from one leg to the other, forcing her hip-bone to protrude on one side. I'll admit, she looked sexy as hell.

"Thank you for the tip, madam," I bowed slightly, emphasizing my Cabana Boy role. The image of my cock sliding between her breasts would be a "tip" for life. "I enjoyed every minute of it and will remember it for a ... Very. Long. Time."

Kate interrupted our little moment and grabbed Lori by the hand, "Come on, girl. Let me get you a fresh towel." They turned and started to move in the direction of upstairs.

"I'll start dinner, marinade the meat and get this bbq started," I reminded them. Dinner needed to be next on the agenda. No matter what the evening had in store, we still had to eat.

Lori looked back over her shoulder and partly to Kate saying, "Ouh, first a Cabana Boy, now a Chef. When do I get to tip the Chef?"

Kate quickly replied, "Lori, you have a one track mind. Upstairs ... March!" She pointed toward our upstairs bedroom with authority. Kate, being in control of most things, obviously knew what was next or at least what she wanted to happen. Lori and I seemed to be along for the ride at the moment and I watched the two of them climb the stairs, hand in hand. Kate leading. Lori following. They disappeared into the master bedroom, but left the door wide open. 

My wife has been slowly changing. This attraction to women was both intriguing and bit scary. Too many what ifs go through my mind when I think about it. I needed to get my mind away from the negative and just be ecstatic about the here and now. This really was turning out to be an incredible day.

I turned my attention to the food. Now, I may be comfortable with my nudity, but I simply won't cook, use sharp implements, and deal with hot pans and open flames while naked. So, I grabbed my jeans from the pile of discarded clothes and slid them on. I zipped carefully. I opened the fridge and took out the meat and another beer. A few minutes later, I heard the familiar sound of our shower mingled with talking and laughing. 

I stopped for a second, stared back out at the lawn. The grass still had imprints of human bodies laying on towels. I thought about what had just occurred outside on this beautiful spring day. It all started innocently enough. You can read the previous story 'Sunburned' if you would like, but the Reader's Digest version is this: I had decided to get some sun in my back yard. I thought I was alone for the afternoon. However, Lori stopped by the house unannounced and caught me asleep and nude. Instead of leaving, Lori boldly joined me. All of that was fine and fairly innocent, until Kate got home. And as is her penchant for twisted fun and voyeurism these days, egged Lori and I on until she gave me a hand job. I came while sliding my penis between her young, full breasts. Kate is turning out to be quite the voyeur and I think she enjoyed the show as much as Lori and I enjoyed performing it.

It really did happen. Right there in the yard were the grass imprints to prove it.

I came out of my little trance upon hearing the girls upstairs in the shower. It sounded like they were in there together. I was tempted to go take a peek, but I did need to get the food prepped for dinner. So, I took another big swig from my beer, turned on some satellite channel music, pulled the tri-tip out of the package, and made the marinade. I also trimmed up the artichokes and put them in the automatic steamer to be turned on later.

I was just finishing everything up when I heard Kate and Lori. I flipped the dishtowel off my bare shoulder and onto the counter and turned to see them coming down the stairs. They were stunning. 

In the early days of my marriage to Kate, I would buy her lingerie a couple of times a year. Although Kate often chided me of buying the lingerie for me more than her, I like to think I have good taste. I'd try to purchase things she'd actually wear. They were usually silk teddies, sometimes matching bra and panty sets. Every once in a great while, it would be a body stocking of some sort (more for me than her). Over the years the lingerie was replaced with sweats and t-shirts as our life together became more about comfort and less and less about visual stimulation and turning each other on.

But lately, Kate has sparked. Something in her has turned up her playfulness. Her conservatism and inhibitions have gone away. Sex has never been better. We've quietly experimented and explored. And watching the two of them descend the stairs signaled what was next to come. 

In front, Lori floated down the stairs wearing a silk, black teddy. Her hair was darker from the shower and her skin radiated with color. The teddy was a bit too big as Kate is tall with large breasts and Lori is fairly petit with, well, younger breasts. But they jiggled nicely as she stepped softly onto the floor at the base of the stairs. A thin strap from the teddy fell off her shoulder and briefly exposed the top of her left breast. She casually slid the string back up her shoulder. The silk fell to a couple of inches above her knee. She stood there and looked at me with a gleam in her eye.

Kate came down the stairs with much more authority. Her breasts actually bounced up and down while struggling to stay confined in one of my favorite black, lace bras. She wore the matching panties that rode high on her hips and then v-ed into a thong, enhancing her well rounded ass cheeks. Her long, dark hair was straight and slightly damp. Her skin, usually white, had a nice red tone to it, having obviously received more sun this afternoon than she typically allows. She stepped forcefully down at the stair landing, turned, and stood right next to Lori.

"Remember this?" Kate said as she pinched a bit of material from Lori's lingerie at her hip. "This was one of your favorites." 

"I do remember it. I remember very well," I answered. Somewhere from the recesses of my memory I could picture our first house with the fake wood paneling, a fire in a fireplace, and sliding those spaghetti straps off Kate's shoulders. I don't think she ever really wore lingerie for very long. "Yes. And it looks just as good on Lori, as it did on you."

Lori grabbed the ends of the teddy and, in jest, curtsied deeply like a ballet dancer. The front of the teddy parted and exposed nearly all of her pert breasts. My eyes locked on her cleavage.

"And you, me dear wife, look stunning," I said in an attempt to recover a bit and in hopes I wasn't ogling Lori too much. Lori stood back up. Kate batted her eyes and winked.

"Yes, she does," answered Lori for her. "And how can you not just stare at these breasts." Then she turned and placed a hand under each of Kate's breasts and squeezed them up and together. "And to think, Josh, you get to play with these all the time." It was quite a vision to see Lori so blatantly fondling my wife's breasts through her bra.

Kate looked down at her enhanced cleavage and put her hands on top of Lori's, "Yes, Josh is a lucky, lucky man." I'm not sure she was referring specifically to her breasts and there was an underlying meaning to that statement. Lori giggled.

I quickly deflected the comment, "And Lori must be one lucky friend. I take it you two had an enjoyable shower?"

Kate answered, "We are squeaky clean on all 2000 body parts." Lori giggled again in a bit of embarrassment. This laugh was a bit louder.

"Now THAT sounds like a fun shower," I replied.

"How's dinner coming?" Kate said attempting to shift the conversation. Lori quickly scooted onto one of the six stools at the kitchen counter. The stools line a large bar on the dining room side of an open island that divides the kitchen from the dining area. There is a rather large, spacious, round area almost five feet wide at one end. Lori smoothed the counter with her flat palms as if looking for something to do.

I wasn't sure where this was all going. So I followed Kate's lead and answered in a controlled tone, "Everything is almost ready. The meat needs to marinate for a bit before I put it on the grill. The artichokes are trimmed, in the steamer, and ready to be turned on. Those'll take 45 minutes or so. I figured I'd do some rice, too. It all depends on when you want to eat. It's 4 o'clock now. What is your wish?"

"Champagne!" quickly came the answer from Kate as she made her way to the fridge. "And we'll plan to eat at 6, o.k.?" She pulled out her favorite, orange labeled, Veuve Clicquot bottle and strode over to the cupboard with the champagne flutes. I watched her breasts sway forcefully as she walked. I glanced over to Lori and noticed her watching, too. As Kate turned away from us, Lori glanced down at my wife's round ass.

"I apologize," I stated in order to continue the food theme, "I don't have any appetizers to go with the champagne. In fact, I think peanuts and pretzels would be all we have at the moment. I wish we had some cheese or something. Fresh baked bread would be good, too. Sorry. I'd run to the store, but, honestly I'd have to go shower and..."

"No worries," interrupted Kate. There was a small pop as Kate carefully edged the cork out and a hiss as she delicately trickled the champagne into the glasses. "That is what Lori is for," she smirked. Her eyes darted to Lori and back to the pouring at hand. Lori giggled yet again and looked down at her cleavage. Her hands were still smoothing out on the cool counter top in long, slow circles she picked up a pen and fidgeted with it. I knew something was up. My penis was rock hard. Kate let out a not so subtle, wise-ass exhale as she set the glasses of champagne down in front of each of us.

"Cheers!" she toasted to change the subject for a minute.

"Cheers!" Lori and I answered in unison. We all clinked and took a sip. The champagne was crisp and cold. Kate set her glass down. Lori took another deep drink and winced a bit as the bubbles took her nose hostage for a second. I took another sip and then set my glass down behind me on the butcher-block table. There was a silence and a look going on between the girls.

"Back up a sec. I don't get the joke," I questioned. "Lori is our appetizer?"

"Yes," Kate said with little emotion. "In fact," she paused and moved a napkin, spoon, and the pen from the middle of the big, round section of the counter top island, "Lori, get that pretty ass of yours up here." Kate patted the counter top right in the center. Lori was a bit wide-eyed and glanced furtively between the two of us. "Now!" Kate said in a tone that was one part dominatrix another part kid in a candy shop.

Lori picked up her flute of champagne and took another big sip to finish the glass while her eyes darted from Kate to me to the center of the counter top. She took a deep breath, exhaled and extended her glass toward me. "Do something with this," she said. I blindly took hold of the outstretched empty glass.

Lori inhaled deeply and backed off her stool. As she did so, she bent slightly forward allowing her young breasts to sway within the loose confines of that teddy. I managed to record in my memory another quick glimpse of a nipple. She then put one knee on the stool and turned to put her ass on the counter. Then she spun around with her knees in the air to face me. She stopped spinning and planted her feet flat on the counter about two feet apart. Her toes curled at the edge of the counter. The teddy slid down her thighs into a linear bunch at her hips. She parted her legs in a deep 'V'. My eyes were drawn to her hairless, puffy pussy. To put the finishing touch on the ballet like movement, she took the middle finger from her right hand and traced the up and down crevice between her legs. Lori now exhaled and sighed.

Kate moved over towards me and removed Lori's glass from my hand. She set it down on the counter top. "Honey," she almost whispered in my ear but just loud enough to be heard by all three of us, "I told her about your talented tongue and how much you crave oral sex. I think you should have Lori as your appetizer."

I knew sex was in the air. There was little question Kate was up to something sexy and fun. But this knocked me over. It was wild. I couldn't believe my wife was asking me to lick the pussy of one of our best friends while she watched. I was stunned. Again. A moment passed. Lori was sliding her middle finger up and down between her legs. Her knees jerked lightly toward each other when she touched something special. I glanced sideways to Kate and back down to the movement between Lori's legs. I locked eyes with Lori.

"Please ... " Lori pleaded.

"I'm starved," I kidded. I moved between Lori's thighs. My hands went first to the top of her knees. They floated downward along the soft inner parts of her legs and back up again. Lori looked deep into my eyes. There was an undeniable lust in her face. She bit the lower part of her lip. A lock of hair dropped down over her face and brushed against her cheek.

I moved my hands all the way down and turned them outward and curled them around the outside of her upper thigh. I wanted to have a good hold on her hips. I lowered my head down to her pussy. She moved her hand out of the way and leaned back on both elbows. I first washed her vertically with the fat part of my tongue. She moaned slightly. I leisurely lapped at her for a few seconds. She had such a different taste than what I was used to with Kate. She tasted clean and smelled like soap. Eventually, the tip of my tongue found the hidden spot and skin that houses the clitoris. I wiggled and played there for a minute or two to Lori's delightfully quick breaths and husky words of encouragement. I pulled the skin into my lips and sucked delicately using my mouth like a vacuum. I then let them slip wetly back from my lips. 

"Oh!" uttered Lori, "I like that!" I did that again. And again. And again.

As I was bent forward licking and sucking away on Lori, Kate's hand came to rest on the small of my back. Her hand started to move in small circles. She almost unknowingly drew circles all around as she watched intently to the sexual appetizer happening on the kitchen counter. Occasionally, she would drop her hand into the gap at my jeans and slide a finger down the uppermost crack of my ass.

I lost all track of time.

Lori was about to come. Her clitoris was out from her little hood and I was licking and sucking it with all I had. I had a finger teasing the opening of her vagina. She was getting close, but my back was starting to kill me from bending over. I needed to stand and stretch. So, I drilled my right index finger in and curled it upwards. I moved my tongue over onto her button and massaged for a minute. Then I stopped my oral manipulations.

"Hold on," I informed them, "Don't move. I need to stand for a minute." I reached back with my left hand and picked up my glass of champagne off the butcher-block table. The wine bubbles were good on my coated tongue. I noted how I left a lip mark as if wearing lipstick. Kate smiled at me.

"I'm am soo close to exploding, Josh. Don't stop now," Lori pleaded. I wiggled my thumb in response and added my middle finger inside to join the other one. Lori moaned.

"Believe me, I have only started," I replied. I set the glass back down after another sip and prepared myself to dive back into Lori.

Kate quietly moved behind me and around to the other side of the counter. She sat herself on the stool right behind Lori's head. Her breast sat resting on the countertop encased in the black bra. She whispered into Lori's ear, "Can I touch you?"

"Mmm Hmmm," came the only answer. Yes.

Kate looked up and we locked our eyes. Her hands came around and cupped the sides of Lori's breasts. This caused Lori to flop off of her elbows and she fell completely on to her back. Her palms were down on the countertop with her fingers spread wide. The top of her head pushed into Kate's breasts. My fingers and thumb continued to tease Lori. She was getting wetter and my ministrations started making squishy sounds.

Kate slid her hands under the straps and material and brought Lori's breasts out from their hidden spot. Her thumbs and fingers pinched at the nipples. My eyes stayed locked onto the two of them while I finished my glass of champagne.

Kate then leaned in and kissed Lori. It was a quiet, subtle kiss at first. Just an upside down peck, really. Then it turned more passionate. Their lips locked together, top lip to bottom lip and bottom lip to top lip. Tongues darted in and out. Lori raked her fingernails out making a scratching noise on the cool counter top. I needed to get back in there. So I quickly bent down with the intent of pushing Lori far over the edge and into a huge orgasm.

And it didn't take long. I left my two fingers to inside her moving with an in and out motion. I attacked her clitoris with my tongue. I flicked it back and forth quickly. She clamped her legs on my head and started to moan into Kate's mouth. With my free hand, I pushed her leg back down sideways. The other one followed as directed. But every once in a while, those thighs would try and squeeze my head as she moaned again loudly. I noticed her gush on my fingers a bit more, too. I sucked hard on her clit letting it go again with a sloppy pop to be replaced by a flicking tongue in overdrive.

A guttural sound started deep in Lori's throat. She was coming. I quickly came up for air and glanced up toward Kate. They weren't kissing anymore. Kate was up off the stool but bending down over Lori's breasts. Her left hand was on Lori's left breast and her mouth and right hand played with the other breast. Kate had let her large left breast out from the confines of her bra. It was swaying over Lori's outstretched tongue and her hand came up off the counter to caress the side of it.

I quickly went back to work. I wanted to put Lori way over the top right now. So I pulled out my fingers and used the fat of my tongue over her once. She was very wet. I attacked her clit with the tip while spreading her apart with my thumbs. Occasionally, I drove the length of my outstretched tongue insider her, my nose hitting her clit. But she responded best to when I sucked the little bud between my lips and fucked her with my two fingers.

Then she came. Her elbows slammed down on the counter top followed by her flat palms for balance. Her hips came off the now wet surface to try and clamp her legs around my face. I had no idea what Kate was doing. I felt a slight rush of juice flow onto my chin.

I slowed down and removed my fingers. I glanced up to see them kissing like before. I just lapped at her carefully as she came down from her high. Then I stopped, grabbing her ankles and set her legs off the side of the counter so that the back of her knees hung at the edge. Her hands went up to Kate's cheeks to push her away.

"Hmm. Hmm. Stop," whimpered Lori, "I need to catch my breath."

Kate sat back on the stool and wiped her lips with the back of her hand. Both breasts were over the top of her black, lace bra. She curled a lock of her black hair behind an ear. She looked up at me and smiled as she stretched to fetch her wine. She winked at me and took a sip.

"Still hungry?" Kate teased.

"Yes," I answered. "I feel a feast coming on."
