 Phil had moved to London because of his job. He had worked in the company's Leeds office, serving the North of England, but he had been the brainchild behind such a successful campaign for double glazing, that the firm had insisted he move to the National office in London. He had been reluctant at first, he really didn't want to leave his family and friends, but the new salary was just too good to turn down. He now lived in an expensive apartment, with a brand new sports car and a host of other new stuff. It was all on credit, but with his new job, he could make the repayments easily, so he wasn't overly concerned. Life was finally being kind to him, after the financial struggle of recent years. To try to make some new friends, Phil had held a housewarming party. He had invited everyone from the office, and everyone who lived in the apartment building. The other residents were all in the same boat as Phil, successful twenty-something's, who had moved to London from all over the country.

At the party, Phil had met the two girls who lived in the apartment across the hall. Their names were Lisa and Nicole. Lisa was a school sports teacher, blonde hair, small frame, and nice tits. Nicole was a nurse at a small private hospital. She was six-foot tall, brown hair, with an impressive 38D chest.

About halfway through the party, Phil had taken the girls to his bedroom to show them one of the posters that won him his new job. The three of them ended up having sex on top of the coats that the party guests had left on his bed. Nobody at the party knew what had happened.

As the party came to an end, the had girls invited Phil over the next day for Sunday Lunch. Nicole said that Lisa was a great cook, and Phil could also try the sun-bed that gave the girls perpetual tans. Phil happily agreed, he wasn't the world's best cook, and hadn't been looking forward to Sunday lunch. Back North, he always went to his parents for lunch on Sundays, when his mom would put a roast in the oven and prepare all the traditional trimmings.

Phil woke on Sunday morning hoping that the meal from Lisa would be as comprehensive as his mother's. He took a long shower, and then put on his best pair of jeans and a respectable shirt. The girls had told him to call when he woke, to see what time lunch would be ready. He picked up the receiver and dialed the girl's number.

"Hello, Lisa and Nicole aren't in right now." said Nicole's voice on the answering machine, "Either that or they are asleep, having sex, or just waiting to see whether you are some kind of dirty old man who just wants to heavy breath at them, they get a lot of that. Anyway, leave your name, and number if you don't think we have it, and we'll get back to you. Heavy breather's can just heavy breath if they like, and we'll listen to it later."

The machine beeped and Phil started to leave his message. "Hi, girls. Just wondering what time to come over? Sorry it's so early, I'm a light sleeper..."

The phone was suddenly picked up and Lisa answered, she sounded out of breath.

"Hi, Phil. Sorry about the machine, but Nicole and I were busy."

"Sorry." said Phil.

"Oh, it's OK. I don't mind if it's you that disturbs me."

"Thanks, I think. What time should I come over?" he asked.

"I haven't started lunch yet, but if you haven't got anything else to do, why don't you come over and try the sun-bed. Or we can watch a video or something."

"OK, that'll be great." he replied.

"Fine. Give us about half an hour."

"Fine."

Phil hung up the phone, and sat in front of the TV. There was never anything on Sunday mornings worth watching, so he read his paper instead. At 10.30 he switched off the TV, put his paper on the coffee table, and went across the hall to Nicole and Lisa's apartment.

He knocked tentatively on the door to the flat.

"Is that you Phil?" called Nicole from inside.

"Yeah." he said through the closed door.

"It's not locked, come on in." she replied.

As he entered the lounge, Nicole was sat on the sofa, with Lisa on the floor in front of her. Nicole was combing Lisa's long blonde hair with a big brush. She held a handful of Lisa's hair in one hand and turned to greet Phil.

"Hi, Phil."

"Ow!" said Lisa, as Nicole pulled her hair when she turned. "Nicole, my hair. Be careful will you."

"Oh, sorry Liss," she gently kissed the top of Lisa's head.

Phil sat down next to Nicole, admiring Lisa's locks.

"Sorry about earlier on the phone," said Lisa, "We were in the shower."

"What, both of you?" said Phil.

"Yep," said Nicole.

"Together?" asked Phil.

"The water company is always talking about saving money," said Lisa, "we're just doing our bit."

"And enjoying it I bet," said Phil.

"Nothing wrong with that," said Nicole.

They sat for a little while in silence, then Nicole said to Phil, "Give me a minute to finish Lisa's hair and I'll show you where the sun-bed is, OK."

"Sure,' said Phil, "No hurry."

"Can you put some music on please Phil?" said Lisa. Phil went over to the girls CD collection, which was almost as large as his own. The CD's were split into categories of musical style, so he asked what type of music the girls wanted on.

"Something Sexy." said Lisa, "I always feel sexy on Sundays. Must be something to do with God."

"Lisa's a Catholic," said Nicole.

"Not practicing mind you," said Lisa, "I couldn't tell you the last time I went to church."

Phil selected a compilation of rock ballads and put it into the stereo. The music blasted out loudly, so Phil turned down the volume to a more suitable level. He went back over to sit with the girls.

"So, your a naughty little catholic girl, eh Lisa?" said Phil.

"I told you, I'm not a practicing catholic. I haven't been to church since leaving school. And then I only took mass because I went to a convent school."

"You went to a convent school?" said Nicole, "You never told me that before."

"There's a lot of things I haven't told you before."

"Like what?" said Nicole.

Lisa replied, "Never you mind."

"I can't imagine you as a Nun." said Phil.

"You'd be surprised. Nuns are very sexy. The vow of celibacy and everything. At school, sex was such a taboo subject that we'd all done it by the time we were thirteen, just to see what it was like."

"What, the whole school." said Phil.

"Not the whole school, just my group of friends, we were nasty and naughty. I was only twelve when I lost my virginity, I'll tell you the story sometime."

Nicole finished with Lisa's hair, and turned to Phil, "So do you want to see the sun-bed then?"

"Yeah sure, but I've haven't brought my swimsuit, I'll have to bath in my boxers."

"Whatever," said Nicole, "Come with me, it's in the bedroom."

"I'll start cooking lunch," said Lisa.

Nicole led Phil into the larger of the apartment's two bedrooms. There was a double bed against one wall, and the sun-bed was against the opposite wall. It was big enough for two people to lie side by side on, and had banks of UV tubes both above and below to give an overall tan.

"This is my room, " said Nicole, "That's Lisa's just across the hall."

"If your apartment is the same as mine, this is the bigger room, right?"

"Yep, I pay a little more rent than Liss, so I get the bigger room."

Phil sat on Nicole's bed, and she sat down next to him. Phil wasn't sure what to do now, but Nicole was. She started to get undressed.

"What are you doing?" asked Phil.

"Well you can't tan with clothes on can you? The sun-bed is designed for two. Normally Liss and I go on together, but today, It's you and me."

"Oh." was all Phil could manage.

He too started to undress. He peeled of his shirt, reveling his well-muscled chest.

"Do you work out?" asked Nicole.

"Yes," Phil said, "I've got a multi-gym in my spare room."

"Well you must know how to use it. I didn't notice last night what good a body you have. Guess I was concentrating on your cock too much."

"You know, if I'm going to use your sun-bed, it's only polite for me to offer my gym to you."

"Oh thanks. I'll take you up on that. Liss uses the gym at school, but I'd love to use yours."

Phil stopped at his boxer shorts, and stood waiting for Nicole to show him what to do. Nicole stepped out of her jeans and took off her sweatshirt. She didn't have a bra on underneath.

"The only way to prevent tan-lines," she said, "is to go naked."

With that she pulled down her tiny panties, and kicked them off to the side. Phil admired Nicole's succulent body. Her 38D breasts were perfectly formed, with not the faintest hint of sagging. The nipples were large, and stood to attention. Her tanned skin looked ultra-smooth, and Phil so much wanted to run his hands over her flat stomach. She went over to her bedside cabinet, and bent over to pick up some protective goggles for their eyes. As she did, Phil's cock reacted the only way it knew how to at the sight of her full round ass pointing at him. Nicole turned around, and instantly noticed the bulge in Phil's boxers where his cock was straining to escape. She swayed her way over to him and handed him a pair of the goggles.

"You know," she said, "if you don't take these off, you'll get a tan-line. And you wouldn't want that would you."

She pulled the waistband of his shorts away from his body and looked inside.

"Hello," she said to Phil's cock, "Do you want to come out to play?" She looked up at Phil, "You know I think he does."

She knelt down and removed Phil's boxers, pulling them over his cock and down. Phil stepped out of them as they hit the floor, and kicked them over to where Nicole's knickers were.

Nicole again started talking to Phil's cock. "Doesn't that feel better, you're all free now."

She gave it a little kiss on the end.

"Sorry," she said, "But I'm not as good at blowjobs as Lisa. She's tried to teach me, but I just can't get the hang of it. You'll have to wait for her if you want one of those."

She stood up, and walked over to the sun-bed, switching it on. She put her goggles on, and then lay face down on it. She patted the space next to her.

"Come Phil, hop on," she said.

Phil lay face down next to Nicole. It was difficult with his cock as hard as it was, but he pushed it flat against his belly. Nicole told him that they were best off doing just five minutes each side to start with. Even though there were UV rays from above and below, the ones below were closer, so it was still best to turn over every now and then. She set a timer for five minuets, and they lay in silence, soaking up the rays.

Presently the timer gave off a loud, short buzz. Nicole turned onto her back, and nudged Phil until he did the same. She reached over and reset the timer, and they lay on their backs until the timer went off again. This time Nicole propped herself up on her elbows. She looked over at Phil's cock. It was still hard, and pointing straight up in the air. She leaned over and took it in her hand.

"Phil, why is this still hard? Shouldn't it have gone down by now?"

"I suppose 10 minutes is normally enough. It must be lying here next to you that's keeping it up."

Nicole pulled the foreskin back as far as it would go to reveal it's large head, and examined it carefully.

"I've always liked the way they look." she said.

"Really?" said Phil, "And how many have you seen?"

"A few," she said, "I've seen some interesting ones. Yours definitely looks fairly 'normal', and measures up well too."

She leaned closer to it, and moved her hand up and down a few strokes, then wrapped her lips around it. She moved her head down, stopping with around three inches still showing, and quietly gagged. She used her tongue on the head of Phil's cock inside her mouth. Shortly she came up for air.

"That's why I generally don't give blowjobs to men who've had one from Lisa. She could easily take all of this in her mouth."

"It was still very nice, Nicole," said Phil, who had enjoyed it immensely.

"Really," said Nicole, and returned her mouth to Phil's cock.

She again took as much of it into her mouth as she could before gagging, and circled her tongue around the head.

"What your doing with your tongue is really nice." said Phil, before releasing a loud moan.

Nicole gave a muffled moan of her own and set about her task with more urgency. She moved her head upwards slowly, until only the head of Phil's cock remained in her mouth. Then she quickly filled her mouth up again. She did this a couple more times, and Phil began to squirm about on the sun-bed. After a final motion, she took the cock out of her mouth. It glistened with her saliva in the light of the UV tubes. She took off her protective goggles, but stopped Phil when he tried to remove his. "No. Leave them on."

"But I can't see a thing. They're too dark."

"I know, just do as your told."

She moved so that her tanned thighs straggled Phil's head.

"Stick your tongue out Phil," she told him.

He did. Slowly Nicole lowered herself until she could feel Phil's hot breath on her pussy, at which she gasped. She lowered herself further, until his tongue was at the entrance to her dripping wet hole.

"Enjoy," she said.

Phil grabbed her hips, and pulled her down further, so that he could get his tongue inside her. He wiggled it from side to side, and reached inside her as far as her could. Her juices flowed from her into his mouth, and he lapped them up, enjoying the sweet taste. The upper rack of the sun-bed prevented Nicole from sitting upright, so she sat across Phil, and once again took his cock into her mouth. She couldn't concentrate on doing anything with it however, because Phil had turned his attention to her clitoris, and was sending her into a frenzy. She came quickly, and forcefully. She let out a cry so loud that Lisa heard in the kitchen. She didn't do anything. She and Nicole had agreed to take turns with Phil. Lisa would get him after the meal.

Nicole's orgasm covered Phil's face with cum, and made her breathless. She moved herself again, turning around so that she could kiss Phil passionately on the lips, and lick her own cum from his face. Phil still couldn't see because he still had the protective goggles on. Nicole reached down and guided Phil's cock into her as she sat down on him. When it was the entrance to the hole, Phil tried to thrust into her, but she moved her arse up and away from him.

"We have to be careful, we might break the tubes if we move too quickly."

She lowered herself again slowly, and this time Phil didn't thrust. Nicole took the head of his cock inside her, and then slowly lowered herself down the shaft. She moaned as she felt the head push against the walls of her cunt, and go deeper and deeper into her. When it was in all the way, she moved herself upwards again slowly, until only the head remained inside her. This time she impaled herself quickly onto him, and gasped as if the piston had forced the air out of her lungs. She started to move again, this time settling into a rhythm. Phil found it, and soon their movements were synchronized. They carried on like this for sometime, until Nicole suddenly released an orgasm that had been slowly building since Phil had first entered her.

"We should move," she said, "or you'll get sun burnt."

She climbed down from her perch, and led Phil, still blinded by the goggles, over to the bed. She pushed him down, and climbed back on board. This time she wasn't worried about the bed, and rode Phil's cock wildly. It wasn't long before Phil began to buck his hips against her, and came inside her.

Nicole collapsed on top of him, and kissed his face, neck and chest.

"That was nice," she said, "We must do it again sometime."

They lay for a while, and both looked up as Lisa entered the room. "Honestly. Can't I leave you alone for a moment." she said, "I head you cum from in the kitchen Nicky."

"Sorry Liss, couldn't help it."

"Well, lunch is ready, although I guess Phil's already eaten. It's up to you whether or not you get dressed."

Nicole took Phil's shrinking cock out of her cunt, and dribbled most of his spunk down onto it. As she climbed off him, Lisa licked her lips.

"Oh, a starter before lunch," she said.

She walked over to him, and used her luscious lips to clean up the mess. Phil began to grow again at her touch, but she walked back over to the bedroom door. "Sorry, you'll have to wait. lunch is getting cold."

Lisa went back into the dining room, which was adjacent to the kitchen, and started to serve up the meal on three plates. Nicole and Phil got dressed and followed her. The dining table was a small, round wooden one, and they sat around it at places that Lisa had already laid out. Lisa had cooked an exquisite chicken dish, with a full complement of vegetables, rich gravy and a garlic loaf. Nicole opened a bottle of French white wine.

"I'd have brought the wine if you'd have said." said Phil.

"Don't worry about it," said Nicole, "We picked up loads of this French stuff when we were over there last summer. It was dead cheap."

"Worked out at just a couple of quid a bottle," said Lisa. "We brought back so much that Nicole's car was dragging along the floor from the weight."

"I wished I had a big car instead my Clio, we could have got more in," said Nicole.

Phil tasted the wine. It was very good. The three of them got through 2 bottles before they had finished the meal.

"That," said Phil as he used the last piece of garlic bread to mop up the gravy, "was fantastic. Where did you learn to cook like that?"

"I lived in a house with 4 men for a year at university. I did all the cooking." she replied.

"Lucky chaps." said Phil, popping the bread in his mouth, and washing it down with the last of his wine.

"They found ways to repay me," said Lisa. "Speaking of which, how do you plan to repay me for today's feast?"

"Will a fiver do?" Phil joked, fishing a note out of his wallet.

"It's a start," said Lisa, taking the money from him and stuffing down between her tits. "But you can do the washing up as well."

"I hate washing up, don't you have a dishwasher?"

"Yes," said Lisa, "she's called Nicole, and it's her day off."

"Well I've got one," said Phil, "Why don't we carry all this across the hall, then we can watch a film while it cleans."

"OK." said Lisa, "I'll help you carry it through if Nicky will pop down 'Vicki Wine and get some beer. We brought so much wine in France that we couldn't fit beer in the car."

"Sure," said Nicole.

Lisa took Phil's money from where she had stuffed it and handed it to Nicole. Nicole left as Phil gathered up the plates, dishes and saucepans.

It took two trips to get everything into the dishwasher in Phil's kitchen. Lisa stood behind him, her hand on his shoulder as he closed the door of the machine and set it to "Wash".

"Which film would you like to watch," he said as he stood up, "I've built up quite a collection of the last few years, you should look thro..." His words were cut off as he turned to face Lisa by her tongue as it forced its way into his mouth.

"There's no rush." she said, "Vicki Wine is quite a walk, Nicky will be gone ages."

She kissed him again, and not shocked by it this time, Phil responded, pushing his tongue into Lisa's mouth as hers entered his. They stood kissing for a few minutes, until Lisa broke away from him.

"Time for dessert." she said, and pushed him back so that his bum rested against the worktop.

She knelt down in front of him, and undid he buttons of his jeans one by one. She wasted as little time as possible, by pulling down his jeans and boxers at the same time. Phil's dick was already hard, and it pointed straight at Lisa's face. She wrapped a hand around the base, and stroked a finger of the other hand along the underside. It twitched.

"That tickles." said Phil.
