 After calming down from her first orgasm, Celia was led into the bathroom by Kathy for a clean-up while the guys left in search of fresh pussy. Kathy praised Celia for being able to do two guys in such a short time and told her that her popularity would only increase for the rest of the party. Celia felt proud and very sexy. She remembered listening to her older sisters as they regaled her with tales of fucking and sucking when they all lived at home and now felt that she would have something to tell them on their next visit. She was still on an alcohol buzz and wanted to add to her experience bank as soon as she could.

Kathy asked her what she would like to try next and Celia said she just wanted to wander around and see what everyone else was doing. Kathy gave her a kiss on the mouth, with a little tongue for good measure, and left to catch her next conquest. Celia put the green mini skirt back on and readjusted the silver blouse, but decided to nix the broach and just tied the blouse under her tits. She headed to the sound of the music, but first wanted to see what was happening in the other bedrooms. The first one she looked in saw two girls licking each other's pussies while a group of guys stood around the bed and bet on which one would cum first. From the look of the money in their sweaty fists, someone was going to get rich quick.

The second bedroom had one couple, and older looking man, maybe in his 50's, on top of a girl who didn't look much over 18. Soft blonde hair, with big brown eyes that only got bigger with each deep thrust of the older guy's cock. Celia stood in the doorway quietly and watched the almost ritual fucking taking place. The young girl tossed her head to the side and caught sight of Celia and gasped. The old guy turned over his shoulder, not missing a stroke, saw Celia and invited her, more like ordered her, to come over by the bed. Celia walked slowly, her heart pounding and not knowing if she was in trouble. The young blonde tried to cover her face, but the old guy pulled her hands away from her face and told her to tell Celia her name. To emphasize the point, the old guy pulled his cock out of the blonde and she immediately hunched her hips down the bed trying to get him back inside her. She finally relented and told Celia her name was Diana. Celia thanked her and told her and the old guy that her name was Celia.

The old guy asked her how old Celia was and Celia remembered Kathy's admonishment to conceal her age and said she was 18 and a Freshman. The old guy smiled at this and said he was the owner of the estate that both Celia and Diana were now guests of and that his only charge to the Fraternity was that they set him up with young pussy to be fucked by him, preferably, closer to virgin than slut. He asked Celia what she had been doing since her arrival and Celia blushed and said she and her friend, Kathy, has just fucked two guys and had swapped partners the second time. The old guy introduced himself as Tim, and he asked Celia if she would like to join him and Diana. He told Diana that Celia was a good role model for a Freshman girl (Diana was also 18 and fresh off the dairy farm in upper Minnesota. 

Tim was the third guy to ever fuck her and she was beginning to enjoy being boned by the old man.). Celia accepted the invite and lay down on the bed next to Diana. Tim asked her to disrobe, which Celia did willingly. Tim stopped her and told her to do it slowly and to look him and Diana directly in the eyes and think about what she wanted to happen next. Celia did as she was instructed and when she looked in Tim's eyes she saw a stare that seemed to taste her entire body. She shuddered involuntarily and glanced over to Diana as she removed her green miniskirt. Diana was looking at her with a kittenish expression that you would normally reserve for an idol. Celia liked the way Diana looked at her and felt like the big sister that she always wished she would have been. When the skirt was removed, she asked Diana if she liked what she saw. Diana nodded her head and gently licked her lips in subconscious anticipation.

Tim was observing this entire scene with the dispatched calm of a satyr picking his next pussy to plunder. He told Celia to put her legs over Diana's face and told Diana to lick Celia's cunt and to taste a real woman. Celia and Diana did as they were told and Celia felt the hesitant initial probing of Diana's tongue against her clit. Celia twitched her hips in response and drove her cunt down against Diana's young tongue. Diana appeared lost as to what should occur next, but Tim shoved his cock back inside of Diana's pussy and the result was Diana's shoulders rising off the bed and her tongue going even deeper into Celia's cunt. Diana climaxed for the first time that night and shook violently while pleasurable spasm washed throughout her cunt.

Tim wanted the moment to last so he stopped fucking Diana, pulled out and told Celia that one good lick deserved another in return. He pointed to Diana's shaking body and told Celia to taste the nectar of the young blonde. Celia got on her knees and looked at the first pussy she had ever seen at this close range. The soft blond and brown hairs of Diana's cunt glistened from the sweat of Tim's body, her own juices, and her recently released cum. The little clit looked like a pink tip that kept advancing and retreating into it's sheath, like it couldn't make-up it's little mind what to do next. Celia leaned in closer and smelled a freshly fucked cunt. She put her tongue gently to Diana's clit and was rewarded when Diana's slim hips popped up off the bed, the result of the exciting touch of a woman's tongue on her tender clit.

Tim told Celia to move in and start licking and chewing the tender Diana's pussy. Celia leaned forward and felt Tim's stiff cock, still slick with Diana's cunt juices, slide into her pussy. Celia didn't know what pleased her most, the stiff boning from Tim's educated cock or the way Diana's body reacted to her licking by shuddering and bouncing on the bed. Tim kept up a steady pumping of his reasonably thick, but short cock, for what seem like a sweet hour, but was actually closer to 10 minutes. He pulled Celia by her brown mane and started driving his cock faster and deeper into her pussy. Celia caught their image in the mirror on the wall by the bed and was excited to see the savagery with which Tim was fucking her cunt with Celia's hair pulled back like a horse being reined in by a jockey. Celia's second orgasm of the night hit her suddenly and more strongly than the first one with Paul and she felt Tim drop his hands from her hair, grab her hips and pull her back onto him and his balls emptied into her twitching cunt. Celia was starting to like this party even more and she had only been in three rooms and it wasn't even 10 pm yet.

To be continued...