 The gentle breeze from the sea stirred small grains of white sand and tickled the tiny hairs on Alice's brown skin. It also ruffled her fine, blonde pubic hairs and she opened her thighs slightly to enjoy the sensation more. Lying naked on a French beach in warm, late summer sunshine was proving to be one of the most enjoyable experiences so far of her backpacking holiday with her boyfriend Tom, who now lay on his towel dozing alongside her.

They had walked to the beach from their campsite earlier that morning and were surprisingly hot and sweaty when they arrived. Being September, there were few other people around and the beach seemed almost deserted. An elderly lady sat on a small deckchair, reading under an umbrella, not far from the footpath so they had slipped off their shoes and walked further along the warm sand, around a low outcrop of cliff. There they had passed two girls sunbathing topless and listening to I-Pods as they read magazines. Alice had whipped Tom's bottom with her beach towel when she realised he was gawping far too obviously at the girl with the largest breasts. He had grinned innocently at her as they walked slightly further on to the perfect spot they now occupied. There was only one other person on this stretch of beach, an older man, probably in his forties, completely naked and deep brown all over from years of dedicated sunbathing.

Once he'd realised that the other man wasn't wearing a swimsuit, Tom had dropped his small rucksack onto the sand and rapidly stripped off his clothes. Alice hesitated at first, but then realised that there was nobody else around who would care or any pervy strangers to stare at her, so she was soon running naked down to the sea with Tom where they splashed the cold water all over each other.

Now they were lying in the sunshine, warm again after the cold, Atlantic water had shocked their skin into goosebumps all over, shrivelled Tom's penis to the size of a small nut and made her nipples so hard they almost hurt. On the way back up the beach she'd had a good look at the brown man, realising that his body was almost hairless, his pubes shaved clean away and that even his balls and the shaft of his cock were the same, deep brown colour. He had seen her looking, but just smiled and gave a friendly wave as they passed.

The breeze from the sea had got slightly stronger and she realised that the way it was stirring her pubes and caressing her torso and breasts was actually making her feel slightly excited as she lay there on her back. Raising her upper body she propped herself on her elbows and looked down over her chest and abdomen. Her breasts were not large but Tom said they were beautifully shaped and her nipples were pink and jutted slightly upwards from the centre of the soft flesh. Looking around to make sure no-one was watching, she drew up her knees and let her thighs fall flat to the sand so that her pussy was completely open to the gentle caress of the air. Letting her head fall back, so her blonde hair touched the sand, she closed her eyes and almost gasped at the sensation as her soft, outer lips subtly shifted and opened allowing even more of the breeze to blow right over her sensitive parts.

Alice suddenly realised that she was getting a bit too carried away and sat up sharply, glancing guiltily around her. Embarrassingly, she found herself looking straight into the smiling face of the brown man who had stood up and was watching her with interest. She wrapped her arms around her legs, resting her chin on her upraised knees and tried not to show how much she was blushing. As the brown man was standing only about fifty metres away though, she couldn't help taking a good look at his naked body. He was obviously very fit for his age with sinewy muscles and no fat around his belly. His penis was long, hanging over his hairless balls and Alice thought she could detect a slight swelling and twitching as she stared at it. The man gave a friendly wave again, before turning and trotting down to the water for a swim giving her a perfect view of his tight, brown buttocks as he went. Alice relaxed and shifted so she was cross-legged, leaning back on one extended arm. As she did this, she looked down to check exactly how much of herself she had been revealing. Rather shockingly, her pussy lips were folded open, her clit was visibly swollen and the inner entrance to her vagina was glistening slightly in the sunshine.

Tom was still dozing obliviously next to her as she looked down at him and suddenly she knew that she needed him to do something about the aching, trembling desire that was building inside her. Reaching over she gently stroked the shaft of his flopped over cock as it lay on his lower belly. Tom moaned a bit, then jerked his head up sharply as he came round, realising what she was doing and where they were. 

'Alice! What are you...?' he snapped.

'I'm feeling really horny, I need you to do something now' she replied simply almost too excited to breathe properly.

'We can't here -- there are other people -- they'll see!'

'Not if we're not too obvious -- anyway, I'm past caring' replied Alice eagerly and almost desperately.

Tom sat up and looked around. The topless girls were still engrossed in their music and the brown man was swimming well out to sea. Alice's fingers were still stroking him and his cock was now completely hard, standing out from his belly with the purple head tight and smooth. The sight of Alice naked and aroused next to him made him realise that he wanted to do this too and that it was too late to worry about what anyone else would think. He leaned over, clasped her gently at the back of her neck and pulled their mouths together for a deep and loving kiss. His hand moved up to touch her body, stopping when he found her hard nipple which he held gently between forefinger and thumb, rolling it slowly from side to side.

Nearly choking at this point, Alice moved her mouth slowly away and whispered urgently, 'You must rub my clit, please..'

Turning onto his side so that his cock rested on Alice's thigh, Tom stroked his hand down over her belly causing her stomach muscles to ripple and her breathing to quicken. As his finger divided her soft folds and found the hard tip between, Alice gave a moan that was rather too loud for a public place but there was no going back now. It was then that Tom became aware of a slight movement not far away and Alice, too, stopped squirming and held her breath as she looked up. Standing, watching them intently was the brown man who had returned from his swim wet and sparkling with droplets of sea water. As he towelled himself dry he could see quite clearly what they were up to. Tom went to move his hand away from Alice's pussy, but she quickly grabbed his wrist 'No, you can't stop now' and she began to writhe against his touch again.

Tom went red, but his erection was so hard and he was so excited by what he was doing to Alice that he slowly began to rub again. Alice spread her thighs right apart and now insisted that he put one, then two fingers inside her. Tom looked up at the brown man who had stopped towelling himself and whose cock was no longer hanging down, but hardening, thickening and rising up as he watched. This seemed to make Alice push harder against his fingers and he could feel more moisture oozing from her down over his knuckles. Turning his head to look at Alice, Tom then got the surprise of his life. Lying on her back, thighs wide apart and breasts thrust upward she had raised her arm and was beckoning to the brown man. 

'Alice! What..'

' I want you both' she gasped,' Don't worry, I love you, but I want him to help too'.

By this time, the brown man was already kneeling by Alice's side and she had her bottom raised off her towel in her desperation to push against Tom's fingers inside her. The brown man leaned over, cupped one breast gently and began teasing his tongue over the soft, curved flesh working up to the pink area around her nipple, but not actually touching it. Alice shouted out in her excitement and then began to make the loud, rhythmic cries which usually preceded her deepest, most satisfying orgasms.

She reached out to grasp the brown man's rock hard shaft, pressing the ridge around its head with her thumb and causing him to grunt suddenly as he took her nipple into his warm mouth and rasped his tongue along it. Alice screamed, but she still couldn't come -- she really needed Tom's hard rod inside her, his fingers weren't thick enough to fill her wet opening.

The brown man turned to Tom, realising what Alice needed, and gestured to him to take her. Tom pushed himself up and kneeled back on his heels, his cock thrusting upwards and his balls aching to be emptied. Moving himself to kneel between Alice's soft thighs he had to push his erect tool down towards its target although it was almost too stiff to get there. The brown man had now brought his hand down to Alice's pussy and was using his own fingers to spread her outer lips apart and out of the way of Tom's first, probing stroke. Alice's stomach muscles had contracted to a painful tightness, her head was bent forward to watch what was happening to her and her mouth was wide open as gasps of breath panted from her throat and lungs.

When the head of Tom's cock had finally probed against Alice's lips long enough to make it wet and slippery it suddenly slipped right inside her and she shuddered all over as the outside world became dim and unreal. The brown man was working two slippery fingers together over the tip of her clit and Tom was sliding in a steady, hard rhythm she could feel deep inside her belly. Her bottom was off the ground and her calf muscles strained to keep her lower body at this angle. Tom was almost shouting now as Alice realised that he was about to come inside her and this was the final straw for her too. Her jaw ached as her mouth was so wide open when finally every muscle in her lower body seemed to spasm at once and floods of pleasure sensations rippled down her insides. Something hot and sticky suddenly spattered across her belly and chest and she realised that she had been gripping the brown man's cock so hard that he had ejaculated all over her and was jerking the last few drops out as her hand pumped him up and down. Tom was also coming, but deep inside her and she felt his cock swell and thrust upwards against the front of her fanny as he shouted out and collapsed forward onto her.

Alice didn't know how long it was until she opened her eyes again. When she did, she felt rather hot and uncomfortable as Tom was still lying on top of her, his face buried against her neck. She pushed him gently to move him away and felt his now limp cock slip smoothly out of her making a wet plop as it emerged. A mixture of Tom's come and her juices trickled over the soft part of her buttocks beneath her pussy opening. Their new acquaintance was lying propped on one elbow looking at them as they uncoupled. 

'Hi, I'm Willem. Nice to meet you!' he said in a rather guttural accent. Alice realised that he was probably Dutch. There was an embarrassed silence as neither Alice nor Tom could really believe what they had just done. Just then they became aware of rather loud voices not far away and looked round to see the two French girls glaring over at them, muttering loudly in disgust and hurriedly pulling their clothes on to escape the scene of debauchery that they had obviously witnessed. This broke the ice and the naked threesome started to laugh as the girls stomped angrily away. Alice stopped suddenly when she realised that the laughter was causing her vaginal muscles to squeeze even more stickiness out over her bum cheeks. Completely unembarrassed by this, Willem suggested that they could all do with another swim to clean themselves up. 

On the way to the water and back they started to chat in a more relaxed way and the English couple discovered that Willem ran his own Franco-Dutch company and had a second home not far from this beautiful beach. When he found that they were camping he generously invited them to come and stay at his place. By this time Alice and Tom were feeling more sensible again and were a little wary of getting too involved with a complete stranger, even though they had only just experienced intimate sexual activity with him. Rather than decline completely then they promised to give him a call before the end of their holiday and perhaps visit him for a meal. Saying their goodbyes, the young couple set off back to their campsite, mostly in silence as they didn't really know what to say to each other.

A few days passed, during which they walked the coastal paths and swam on other beaches enjoying each other's company as usual. Tom was obviously very excited by their recent sexual exploit and Alice began to find his frequent references to it rather annoying, not to mention his almost constant erections and requests for her to wank him off two or three times a day! When they did make love properly again though her fantasies soon drifted back to the beach and especially to Willem's hard, brown body and his long cock which had pulsed so vigorously when he had ejaculated all over her naked body. As Tom made her come she found that she was imagining what it would be like to feel that pulsation inside her and Willem's sinewy body thrusting on top of her. Later, when she suggested that they should perhaps visit Willem on the last evening of their holiday, Tom agreed very eagerly and called him on his mobile almost straight away.

On that final evening then, they turned up at the agreed time at a beautiful granite and slate roofed house only about a mile from the beach and with breathtaking views along the coast and out to sea. Willem greeted them both with warm embraces and continental kisses on both cheeks before showing them onto a veranda looking out over the garden. Alice had made up her mind that there was no way she would ever repeat what she had done on that beach but once she was in Willem's presence again she couldn't help feeling a small tingle of excitement and a subtle flutter in her belly. Once she saw the big bottle of champagne cooling in a bucket on the veranda table she knew that her earlier certainty was wavering -- even a single glass of champagne was enough to make her uninhibited, even without any arousing thoughts about Willem and Tom devoting such intimate attention to her.

So it was, that after a light meal and several glasses of champagne, they found themselves entering Willem's main bedroom after she had cheekily asked if they could have a look around. Tom had got a bit loud due to the alcohol and had been caressing her more and more intimately as the evening went on. Willem had watched with his usual amused, gentle smile but he had also made the most of a few opportunities to pass close to her, even brushing his hand across her breast at one time when she had dropped some food onto her thin summer dress.

Alice went literally weak at the knees and almost stumbled when Willem pushed the bedroom door open. Tom's mouth even fell open as it was one of the most sumptuously decorated bedrooms either of them had ever seen. Rugs covered the polished wood floor, the windows looked out at the sunset over the sea and a large, gilt framed mirror covered nearly the whole of the wall opposite the large bed piled high with cushions and a deep, soft duvet.

'Wow' said Alice without thinking 'I'd love to have a fuck on that bed!'

'That can be arranged' answered Willem smoothly.

Tom stood there still in shock for a few seconds, then exclaimed 'Come on then' and started stripping off until he was stood there with his hard cock pointing upwards and the other two watching him in amusement.

What followed was a more gentle and leisurely version of their escapade on the beach. This time though Alice was determined that she would have Willem too and hoped that Tom would let her. Tom came over to her and slowly undid the buttons up the front of her dress, while Willem moved round behind her and slipped it off over her shoulders. This immediately revealed her breasts as she wasn't wearing a bra and Tom knelt in front of her to slip down her knickers as Willem caressed her breasts and nuzzled her neck from behind. The sensation of having two such kind and gentle lovers devoting all their attention to her made her very excited and she trembled as Tom knelt up to kiss and run his cheek against her belly. 

Tom lead her to the bed while Willem stripped of f his own shirt and trousers. He was wearing no underpants and that long, brown cock sprang out as he slipped the trousers off. Alice wanted to hold it again, but as she lay down on the big, cool bed with Tom nuzzling her breast, Willem climbed up in front of her and pushed her legs gently apart. She began breathing more heavily as she realised what he was about to do, but once his head went down and his hot tongue made contact with her clit and pussy lips the effect on her was unbelievable. Tom was good at this too, but she had never before felt two men's tongues working on different, intimate parts of her body at once. There was now no need to worry about other people of course, so she was completely uninhibited in the way she cried out and writhed. Tom was having difficulty keeping his mouth in contact but Willem just buried his tongue deeper into her crack with every thrust she made. Too soon it seemed, she felt spasms coming and simply screamed as waves of pulsating pleasure spread from her rock hard clit and up through her belly to her tits. Despite the intensity of this oral orgasm she realise that she was missing the deep penetration of a hard cock inside her and she called out 'Please, please I want Willem inside me'. 

Tom was a bit surprised but nodded his agreement and watched in fascination as Willem, ever the considerate lover, reached into a bedside drawer for a condom. As he was unrolling it down his long tool Alice had a sudden and shocking desire to be taken in a completely wanton way by the two men. Pushing Tom away for a moment, she rolled over and kneeled upright. Then she leaned slowly forward onto her hands, facing the huge gold-framed mirror and they realised what she wanted. Alice watched everything in the mirror, her breasts hanging down and shaking around as the mattress bounced from the movements of her two lovers. She could see Willem's long cock as he held it encased in a gold coloured rubber and manoeuvred himself round behind her. Tom was kneeling alongside her and she lifted one hand to reach out and hold his cock, pulling him towards her so she could lower her mouth down onto it. As she did this she could just glimpse Willem smiling at her as he gently stroked her wide open buttocks and pushed the tip of his knob gradually into her wet and slippery opening. 

She wanted to gasp as he entered her, but her mouth was clamped tight around Tom's bulging glans and the sudden motion of her throat combined with the sight of another man's cock sliding into Alice was too much for him. His cock tightened as he tried to control the vigour of his thrusts into her mouth and as he shouted out his pleasure and jerked uncontrollably she pulled her mouth away so that the jet of warm stickiness shot all over her swaying breasts. The sensation of sticky fluid dripping off the end of her nipple was not unpleasant but she didn't have time to think much about it as she was watching Willem in the mirror and feeling the increased intensity of his thrusts. His hands were gripping her hips, his eyes were closed and his head tilted back as he breathed out heavily with each forward push. Tom was obviously becoming excited again already at the sight of the other two and leaned forward to kiss her, passing one hand underneath her and along her belly until he found the place where Willem's shaft entered her. Alice felt Tom's fingers exploring for a second until a sharp pleasure spasm made her vagina tighten as he found her exposed clitoris. He started to slide his fingers over the unhooded tip, but she stopped him as it was so sensitive from its earlier licking by Willem and even slightly sore. Instead, she used her own hand to hold him still as the rocking motion of Willem's quickening thrusts was exciting her to a new peak of pleasure which she could hardly bear. 
