 Sam and I were invited to some friend's house to watch the Super Bowl a few years back. We are die-hard Cowboys fans and thought it would be really awesome to watch it on their big screen. We had expected more of a party atmosphere. However, we were the only two invited. The friends were a lady I knew from work named Paige and her husband John. We had barbequed a few times before and all of us got along well enough. 

When we arrived at their home we were brought into the den. Paige had made a whole buffet of junk food and it was spread out on the coffee table. John had set up an ice chest full of beer next to the couch and had a few bottles of Bacardi and Jack Daniel's on the end table. We all sat around and talked through the pre-game show. There were plenty of drinks passed around and we were all a little less inhibited than usual. 

Paige was a short but well proportioned girl with long blonde hair and pretty blue eyes. As a matter of fact people at work and even our husbands had commented on how similar we looked. John was about Sam's height and build, but where Sam was dark complected with hazel eyes, John was light with blue eyes. They made a striking couple. Both appeared so innocent, like newlyweds, even though they were the same age as us. They did not however have the innocent personality to match. 

Paige and I spent most of our coffee breaks and lunches talking about sex. She had been hooked on the subject since finding out that I was bisexual. John was more of the average male. He had a very dirty mind and could hardly keep his hands off of Paige. 

That is how this evening was going. He had slid very close to Paige on the love seat and was tracing her nipples with his finger through her T-shirt. I watched as his playing made them press hard against the fabric. It was easy to see that she had not been wearing a bra. Paige cooed and giggled at him. Sam and I had seen John be frisky before, but never anything this open. It felt as if they were putting on a show for us, so we sat back and watched. 

John's hand fell between his wife's legs and began to caress the inside of her thigh. Sometimes he would reach the top only to press hard against the crotch of her cotton shorts and then return to her thigh. Paige was definitely enjoying all of the attention. 

She glanced over at Sam and I and grinned. "Honey, did I ever tell you that Kris likes to make love to other women?" The question was phrased sweetly and caught me off guard. I cleared my throat to cover the moment. 

"Really? That is very interesting. Didn't you also tell me that you wanted to try to be with another woman yourself? I'm sure Sam and I won't mind seeing a little action before the game. What do you think, Kris? Would you like to fuck my wife for awhile?" John's words were not sweet. They came out of him in a voice that carried real lust. Sam just smiled at me. We now knew why we had been the only ones invited. This was all a set up to get me to show Paige the ropes, so to speak. 

Well, I was not about to be outdone by them. "I would love to, John, on one condition. While you watch us you men have to strip down and show us how hot we are making you." His smile faded, but only briefly. In seconds he was out of his clothes and urging Sam to do the same. 

He did have a nice body. The only hair was the small patch of paleness around his crotch. The muscles of his chest and stomach tightened and released while he was pulling off his boxers. However I got my real pleasure from watching my husband enjoy the view as much as we girls were. Sam undressed a little less quickly and immediately took to stroking himself. My husband was never embarrassed easily. 

I joined Paige on the other couch and kissed her gently with my hand cradling her neck. This must have been something she had wanted a long time because she sighed from just that brush of lips. I leaned into her and kissed her more deeply. Her mouth was sweetened by the taste of the rum. Her tongue was soft and very eager. I sucked on her bottom lip before letting her go and there was another moan. 

I checked on the men and they were enraptured. I stood and removed my own clothes. I am a bit of an exhibitionist and did this slowly, touching myself a little as I went. Sam smiled at this playfulness. 

Then I sat back down and grabbed the bottom of Paige's shirt. As I raised it over her head, her beautiful creamy breasts popped free. Her tiny nipples were dark pink and painfully hard. She stood in front of me and I helped her slip out of her shorts and panties. I could smell the excitement coming from her. 

I pulled her to me and kissed her stomach lovingly. Her knees quivered and I guided her back to the couch. 

"I want you to do everything possible to me." she said. This came out in broken speech because her breath was so rapid.

I asked her if she had any toys we could play with and she said no. Then her eyes lit up and she jumped up and ran up stairs. The sudden movement came as a shock to all of us and we laughed. 

While waiting on her to return I kept the guys entertained by making my own nipples as hard as Paige's were. She bounded back down the stairs with something in her hand. 

"Will this work. I got it for a Christmas present and never opened it." I saw that she was holding a jumbo candy cane stick. It was about 8 inches long and nice and thick. I grinned and took it from her. 

She sat next to me again as I opened the wrapper. I took my time working on the candy like I was sucking a dick. It tasted good. When I thought it was slippery enough, I slid it along her lips. She licked the tip of it and let me roll it around her mouth. Then I slid it down and massaged each of her nipples with it. I kissed the flavor off of her lips and worked my way down the sticky trail left behind by the candy. 

When I took her first nipple into my mouth, both she and her husband moaned. The noise made me look over at him and somehow Sam had laid over his lap and was licking and sucking his dick. I could see that Paige was absolutely shocked. I laid her back down and really went to work on her tits. 

At first she had her eyes glued to the men, but soon they were rolled back in her head instead. Now I took the candy cane and made my own nipples sweet and sticky. The mint in the candy made them tingle and feel cold. I pulled Paige's face onto my breast and she started to kiss innocently. She suckled at my breast like a baby at it's first feeding. Her mouth became more and more a part of my body. I leaned back on the couch and she followed lying on top of me. I felt her warm body pressed against mine and her hungry tongue now going faster and faster on my nipples. It was very nice. She had straddled my leg and I could feel the heat and moisture from her on my thigh.

I raised my leg under her until I felt her smooth lips drench my skin. She rocked on my leg and grinded herself against me. I could feel trickles of her juices rolling down my thigh. She made herself come like that while discovering how much fun it was to cup and fondle a breast while kissing it. 

As I sat up and laid her back we watched the men. John somehow managed to control himself long enough to push Sam away from him. He stood up and laid on the floor closer to us. The he turned Sam around in an opposite direction and pulled him on top. They were both enjoying the 69 before we began again. 

I spread Paige's legs around me and kissed all inside of her thighs. Then I made one very wet fast lick all the way along the slit of her pussy. The taste was wonderful, but I would wait for more. Her back arched and she took in a sharp breath. When she had laid back down I ran the candy cane up and down along that wetness. It slid easily back and forth. She squirmed under me and asked me for more. With my other hand I started to rub her little clit slowly while working mainly around her opening with the candy. She moaned much more loudly this time and the men stopped long enough to take a look. As soon as I knew they were watching, I pushed the candy cane over halfway inside her slick pussy. 

She took it easily and came at the same time. When I began rocking it in and out of her I watched as the sticky candy pulled her lips with it. Now with much more excitement going on in front of them John and Sam had unwound their bodies and lay facing each other. They stroked each other slowly wanting to make this experience last. In order to give them a better view and myself a better position, I pulled Paige into a sitting position and brought her to the edge of the couch. Now screwing her with the candy cane, I leaned in and began to lick on the outside of her lips and clit. I could taste her sweetness and the candy's. It was delicious. I felt the little piece of flesh that was her clit harden and swell under my tongue and I knew that she was coming again. I slammed the candy almost all the way inside her a few times and then pulled it all the way out. I dropped my mouth to her hole and fucked her through her climax with my tongue. I could feel the mint tingling my tongue and the candy coating my face and making me sticky. I dropped the candy cane and grabbed Paige under her hips and pulled her hard onto my face. She screamed and tried to pull away. When she realized that I wouldn't let her she gave in and rode my mouth until she was completely out of breath. 

I pulled away from her and felt her lips stick to mine and tear away from each other. John seeing my face crawled over to me and began to lick the candy and his wife's cum from my lips. I relaxed and let him. Sam had picked up the candy and rubbed it all along the shaft of his cock. It glistened with a faint red sheen to it. He walked over to a dazed Paige and pulled her mouth open by her chin. She didn't argue or resist. She just tried to swallow my husband's large dick whole. 

I could hear the slurping sounds she made. Sam took a handful of her hair in one hand and guided her head in the speed and depth he wanted. It started slow and deep, coming all the way to the head before going back down on it. Eventually, he was bobbing her head in a blaze of movement. John had finished with my face and saw me watching the other two. He told me not to worry about them, to just let him thank me for treating his wife so well. It sounded good to me. 

I laid down and John all but dived face first between my legs. He was very talented with his mouth. He seemed to know exactly where to lick and bite and suck. He went between touches of his tongue that I could barely feel and so much pressure it hurt while it felt good. As I came he pulled his face up to meet mine and let me taste my own juices on him. 

Sam and gone back to the slow rhythm with Paige's head. She still had that dazed look when John tapped her on the shoulder. 

"It's your turn, dear. I've shown Kris my gratitude, you show her your's." 

"I couldn't. I mean I don't know what to do. What if I don't like it?" I could tell she was really nervous and was all for calling it off, but John insisted. 

He actually pulled her over to me and pushed her head down between my legs. Then I saw another look replace the fear in her eyes. She was getting turned on all over again. Apparently, she felt awkward wanting to eat a woman out and had to be "made" to do it. Sam saw this too, and forced her little hand around the candy cane. She looked up at me seeking my permission. 

"Do exactly what I did to you and it will be perfect." She smiled and nodded and I think I heard her whisper yes ma'am. With that she went dutifully to work. 

The first touch of the candy was amazing. That tingling cold feeling I had experienced on my lips and nipples was multiplied a thousand times by my sensitive pussy. She gave me a tentative lick. 

"Mmmm, you taste so sweet." That was music to my ears. She gently screwed my sticky pussy, but she attacked me with her mouth. The two different sensations drove me crazy. After a few minutes she threw aside all reservations she may have had and started improvising on my technique. She slid a slick finger down to play with my ass. She stood the candy cane up through my lips and positioned it like a dick and gave me a mock blowjob while fingering me. She even stuck it inside me and then deep throated it so that her lips and tongue touched my skin when she went all the way down on it. My orgasm was amazing. I screamed to her that I was cumming and she fucked me with wild abandon. 

Sam didn't even let me enjoy the afterglow. He pulled me on top of him and slid his hard dick into me. It seemed to warm all of that cool tingling. I felt my skin sticking to him as I slid up and down. Suddenly he forced me to be still. I started to protest but stopped immediately when I felt something cold dribble onto my ass. Sam pulled me down until I was laying on him and a finger started massaging my ass. Slowly the finger slid inside me very deep. I love sex and I love anal sex, but this was heaven. I had never had something inside of me from both places at once. I tried to start riding again but was held still by Sam's strong arms.

The finger was removed and replaced by the smooth head of John's dick. He pushed gently and I gasped as just the head sank into me. I tried to relax my body, but I could feel my muscles tightening, including those wrapped around Sam. Sam thrust into me one time and again I was able to relax. John pushed a little harder this time and I felt him slide inside my ass about four inches. The pain was exquisite. I thought for sure the worst was over and they let me rest for a second. Then without warning he buried the entire length of his dick in my ass. I screamed and moaned at the same time. I had never felt so completely full. 

Sam started fucking me from beneath to relax me again. Soon John started trying to match a beat to Sam. When they got together and started fucking me at opposite intervals, Sam sat me up a little. Paige come and straddled his face and put her sexy ass right in mine. While my husband ate her pussy, I pleased her ass with my tongue and fingers. 

Somehow it was an unspoken agreement that we should all come at the same time and when one of us would get to close, that person would slow down or even stop for a moment. Several times I had to stop before I exploded. Paige pulled away from Sam's mouth, and I knew it was very hard to resist coming under his expert tongue. I felt both men stiffen and swell many times; each time it brought a moan to my lips. Finally I felt both at the same time. I felt my muscles tighten around both of their cocks and felt them gasp. Paige started to pull away again and this time I grabbed her and forced her to ride Sam's face. I felt John shoot hard into my ass at almost the same instant as Sam filled my pussy. I rode both of their orgasms into my own and felt Paige push back to get my tongue further in her ass as she screamed. 

We all rocked slowly for a while enjoying the warmth flowing everywhere and finally separated and lay naked on the floor. After a while we all took a shower and sat down to watch the highlight reel of the football game we had missed. 

Later on the way home Sam started giggling. When I questioned him he said "I just realized that Paige got one hell of a surprise from finding out her husband was also bi-curious tonight." 

"Well that's where you are wrong, my love. She got two major surprises tonight." Sam looked at me and raised his eyebrows. "You don't think she really expected to get her best Christmas present in January do you?"