 When Celia finally rejoined the land of the living, she staggered to the bathroom to freshen-up. Her legs felt weak and unsteady from being wrapped around Randall's body while he plundered her pussy. As Celia stepped into the shower and let the warm waters clean the sweat and sex juice off her body, she felt that her sisters would be very impressed at her exploits this evening. Upper Minnesota had very few black men and, while her sisters had always expressed a desire to fuck a big black cock, they had never had the opportunity. Celia was now one up on her sisters and couldn't wait to brag to them on her next visit home.

Celia found her yellow bikini and put it back on. She combed her hair and admired herself in the bathroom mirror. She had fucked two white boys on the same bed and then got boned by a man older than her Father and her pussy eaten by a pretty blonde girl. Finally, she had been fucked by a large black cock. Diana's pussy had tasted strange, probably because Tim's cock had been working it over before Celia arrived. Celia made a note to find Diana later and compare notes and pussy flavors.

Celia found Kathy coming up the stairs. Kathy looked tired and was naked and carrying the top part of her bikini in her left hand. Her right hand had a half full bottle of red wine. Kathy said she needed to rest and Celia felt the energy drain from her body after nearly five hours of non-stop fucking. Her pussy was a little sore so she consented to Kathy's invite to take a short nap. They found the bedroom that Tim had been fucking Diana and then Celia in and stretched out on the bed to nod off. They slept for nearly four hours and then were awakened by masculine hands pulling their feet.

John and Paul, Celia's first two lovers of the evening woke the girls and told them that the best part of the party was just about to begin and they needed one more volunteer, Celia, preferably! Curious and somewhat horny, Celia asked what the big deal was and the guys told her about the Sunrise Shoot-Off, a fraternity tradition stretching back to the late 60's (this was 1981). Ten girls are chosen from the attendees and none could ever have participated in a Shoot-Off before. Younger girls were preferred, especially Freshmen. All the male participants put $100 each in a betting pool and the fraternity matched it. The winner was the girl to get the most guys to cum on or in her, no dry cums were allowed (an orgasm where the guy doesn't shoot much juice if any at all do to the drain on his balls from his previous activity). Celia asked how many guys had signed-up and she was told 18 and the fraternity decided to kick in an additional $200 to make the pot an even $2,000. Kathy had participated several years ago and was ineligible, but encouraged Celia to give it a try. Well-rested and still horny and slightly buzzed, Celia accepted.

The participants were led to the Master Suite on the second floor which had a large balcony facing the hills to the East. The contest would start at 5:30 am, just prior to sunrise, hence the Sunrise Shoot-Off moniker. The girls would wear bikini tops, but would be bare to the world below the waist. No condoms were used as this was still pre-Rock Hudson AIDS era and all the girls were on the Pill. Additionally, evidence of a fresh cum of sufficient volume had to be recorded by the judging panel. Kathy volunteered to serve as one of the judges and was immediately accepted.

The girls were lined up facing the balcony railing and were not allowed to see who was fucking them. Each guy got 45 seconds to fuck the girl in front of him and then a whistle would blow and they would move to the next girl on their right. The last guy remaining would get the opportunity to enact a fantasy with whomever he wanted from the party goers. The girl with the most successful male orgasms would receive $2,000 in sweaty, used bills. The remaining party attendees, who could still stand, gathered below the balcony to witness the expressions on the girls faces as they were repeatedly boned by the best dicks at the party. Orgasms by the girls was strictly gratis!

Celia found herself in the fourth position with the exotic Karen to her left and the blonde Diana to her right. She recognized some of the other girls, but couldn't see all the way to the end. The guys drew lots to see which girl they would start with. The rules were explained again and the countdown begun. At the sound of the whistle, 10 cocks lightly coated with KY jelly were thrust into 10 of the finest young pussies to have been sampled at the party. The owner, Tim, had made the selection of the 10 girls, actually 11, but one girl was just too drunk to stay upright at the railing and had to be replaced with Karen. The fucking was steady, almost rhythmic, as most of the guys wanted to last as long as possible hoping to get their fantasy fulfilled. After 45 seconds of uniform fucking, the whistle sounded and everyone rotated to the right, with Number 10 going to the back of the line behind Number 18, and Number 11 moving in behind the first girl. Several volunteer 'fluffer girls' were on hand to keep the waiting cocks hard while waiting for their turn in line.

Celia almost went over the railing with her first guy, he rammed her with little finesse, grabbed her hips and delighted in almost pulling all the way out before ramming his cock deep into her cunt, over and over again. When the first whistle blew, Celia was just starting to get in the mood for some serious balling. She grinned at John and Paul standing below her with the crowd watching the actions. Both guys gave her a thumbs-up signal and told her to move her ass and get some cum. The second guy was almost a repeat of the first one, deep thrust followed by a slow withdrawal. The third cock was different, it was Randall! Celia had remembered fucking that thick ebony staff and it was hitting her deep. While Celia would have preferred to get Randall to cum inside her, she was curious how Diana would react to being pierced by that big, thick, black cock. Celia tried to remain as still as possible, hoping Randall wouldn't cum so she could watch Diana's expression. 

Fortunately, the whistle blew and all the cocks rotated. The fourth cock was long, but thin and after Randall's exploration deep into Celia's pussy, this dick was almost a time-out. Celia glanced over her right shoulder and saw Diana's face contort into a masterpiece of amazement as Randall's black cock went deeper than any guy had gone before. Diana grabbed the railing and almost cried out in pain, but restrained herself. The first two cocks of the contest had gotten her clit super sensitive, especially after her introductory session with Tim and Celia. Diana had also been boned by 2 other guys and had participated in a three-way with two other girls on the dance floor. She was ready for a good fucking. Randall had already blown four loads earlier in the evening, the third going deep into Celia's cunt. He had wanted to cum inside Celia and just call it a night, but when he noticed Celia slowing her hip action almost to a standstill, he glanced to see who was next and saw the slim, white frame of the blond Diana and made up his mind to share the wealth of his cum with other white girls.

An exception to the Rules allowed for a male contestant to continue fucking the girl if he intended to cum and then withdraw from the competition. At the whistle, Diana started to stop her hips from their circular motion, but instead was surprised to feel the guy behind her grab her by the shoulders and start ramming fast and deep. The size of the cock sawing in and out of her young pussy, as well as the earlier cock action, made Diana have the best orgasm of the evening. Her head shot-up towards the stars as she felt what seemed to resemble a small garden hose unload a large amount of cum into her pussy. The crowd below yelled in appreciation at the first cum of the contest. Time was called as the cum was measured, mostly by several of the judges watching as the cum flowed out of Diana's pussy and down her thighs. Randall capped his performance by turning Diana around and kissing her deeply with his tongue and then forcibly returning her to her position over the railing. Celia saw the whole thing and reached over and held Diana's hand in a sign of sisterhood. Now they had something else in common. The next guy to fuck Celia was different. A short, but thick cock that hit her clit at just the correct angle to give Celia a warm rush and a tingly feeling in her lower abdomen. The guy was close to cumming, but ran out of time and had to move over to Diana. Naturally, Diana received her third successive load of male love juice, courtesy of Celia's pussy prep.

Unfortunately, Celia did not get the first prize. She did get two loads of cum, one from James, a 23 yr old Senior, and fraternity vice-president, and the second from Tony, a Mexican-American, 19 yr old, who was pledging the fraternity. The winner was Diana, with four loads of cum. After the guys saw what Randall had done to her they all tried to make her cum again, she didn't, but $2,000 was well worth the effort. The last guy standing was Eddie, a 24 yr old graduate student. His fantasy involved anal sex with the petite Karen that was videotaped for his private collection.

Celia was too sore to take up an offer from several of the guys to stay with them for the remainder of the night? She walked unsteadily toward Kathy and said she needed to go and get some sleep. Kathy said she was in no condition to drive, especially since she didn't know where her clothes, purse, and car keys were. Tim stepped forward and offered Celia and Kathy the use of his bedroom and all three went off to get a well-deserved, strength building sleep. Celia awoke in a dark room and saw stars in the evening sky. She had slept for nearly 14 hours and felt like she had been in a car accident judging from how sore all of her body felt. She got up and grabbed her bikini and put it on. Walking downstairs in search of something to eat, she viewed what can only be described as a scene resembling the day after an orgy. Clothes were scattered everywhere, bodies were sleeping or fucking all over the place, bedroom doors were open for all to view, some couples were asleep with cocks still inside pussies. The house reeked of sweat and perfume. Celia thought it was the capstone of the party!

AUTHORS NOTE: This even occurred during September 1981 at a well-known college in lower Virginia. My wife's guilt got the best of her after three months and she tearfully spilled all the delicious details to me one evening. Far from being angry or shocked, I found myself immediately aroused and had to fuck my young wife before she could finish the whole story. It took several days to complete the narration that marked the best sex I have ever had, anywhere! From then on we explored our sexual fantasies, usually with each other present or nearby, but sometimes Celia went alone. If this story is well-received I will submit others that categorized the sexual awakening of my beautiful wife.