 This is a sequel to Poker Party Gangbang

Michael and I had been dating for a few months and even though he was 15 years older than me, we had this amazing connection. With me a college student and he being a trucker, we had periods of separation of a few days apart but never as long as his next trip. Michael was to be gone for 13 days on a haul to Texas, then to Oklahoma, back to Texas before heading home to Arizona. Thank goodness he was going to return on that Sunday morning before the Super Bowl because we are both huge football fans and we were to host a party. 

Michael and I had sex just about every day or at least every other day we saw each other. We were both oversexed and that was another thing we had in common. While Michael was away, we would talk on the phone, along with an occasional Facetime and of course he wanted to have phone sex. I wanted to test Michael and wished him to really miss me while away, so I decided to cut him off from any type of sex for the entire 13 days. Of course he would beg and plead but not only would I reject his requests, I also forbid him to relieve himself at all. I made him promise that he would not masturbate while out on the road and he reluctantly agreed. 

That Sunday morning, I used my key to let myself into Michael's place so that I would have a jump start on getting ready to host the party. I didn't really care who won the game since I was neither a Denver nor Carolina fan. I wanted to look ready for the part, so was going to dress in my favorite team apparel which is the Oakland Raiders. The day before, I had gotten my nails painted and had my hair done with two tight French braided pigtails that ran down the back sides of my head. I had made sure my hair wasn't harmed while I showered, shaved my legs and lady area. 

When he arrived, I was far from being ready as he gave me a large bear hug and kiss hello while I was wearing only my matching silky white bra and panties. I will say that probably wasn't an accident as I had gotten used to teasing Michael. He went to take a shower and get refreshed up while I was putting on my makeup. As he came out of the shower, his hair was wet and his 6 ½ inch cock was protruding out as though he had just seen a hot model. 

"Huh, looks like somebody was having fun in the shower," I giggled. 

"You have no idea. It's been two weeks, thanks to you and now I come home, you're standing there looking sexy in your underwear and I can't stand it any longer," Michael said with a hint of desperation.

I curiously smiled and asked, "So you're telling me that you honestly didn't cum one time while you were gone? You didn't get in the back of the semi cab and maybe stroke a little bit?" 

"I swear I didn't do a thing. Why do you think I'm about to fuckin bust," he defensively assured me. He went on to ask, "What about you? Why aren't you jumping my bones? It's been two weeks for you also...right?" 

I lifted one eyebrow and titled my head as if to convey a negative, but sneaky, response.

"Oh no, you gotta be kidding me. You mean to tell me that while I didn't jerk the whole time I was gone, you have been masturbating?" He frustratingly asked unfairly. 

"Well...not exactly," I shrugged with a smirk. 

"You mean you had sex? You gotta be shitting me. With who?" Michael asked as though his feelings were hurt. 

I hesitantly started to tell Michael, hoping he wouldn't be too angry, "Last Saturday I was over here working on my paper, remember? And you also remember, Steve and Paul stopped by to borrow your lawnmower. Uh..well...I was very horny and you also know when I'm horny, look out!"

"I can't believe what I'm hearing. Which one did you have sex with?" Michael asked hesitantly.

"Both of them, silly. It was an amazing time. You know you love when I have sex with other guys, especially your friends so why do you sound all concerned?" I asked. 

Michael thought for a second then added, "That's true but only if I get to watch."

"I'm glad you said that. Sit down on the bed," I requested. 

While Michael was following my directions, I went to the TV and plugged the digital video camera into the USB port. It was already rewound and after turning everything on, the play button was pushed. As I stepped back, the video comes on and it's dark on the screen because I'm very close to the lens, blocking the light while turning on the record button. Next in the video, I move back, my stomach and belly button ring become visible. I stoop down and a very close-up shot of my face appears as I whisper a message to Michael, 'Hi honey. I miss you. This is for you...and me' while I blow him a kiss. 

In real life, Michael had made himself comfortable on the bed while totally engrossed in the movie he was about to watch. I sat down next to him just as interested because at that point, I had not seen the video either. 

In the video, I walk away from the camera that had been placed on the very dresser we were now watching the television. It was directly to the right side of the bed, so for a moment all we could see was the bed, the wall behind it, the little night stand sitting in the corner, and the shadow of me walking around the bed. After I had gotten in view and facing the camera from a slight distance, you could see I was totally nude with the exception of my white ankle socks in which the viewer could not tell at that point. Next in the video, I crawled up on the bed, still facing the recorder and got down on my forearms while on my knees. I lowered my head and stuck my tush up in the air. 

As I await, Michael's friend, Paul appears and walks behind me with his huge, rock hard 9 inch cock swaying back and forth as he moved. In real life, I look at Michael and ask rhetorically, "Oh my, it looks even bigger on camera, don't it?" Then I jokingly giggled, "You know the camera adds ten pounds." 

Back in the video scene, Paul stoops down, spreads my ass cheeks with his thumbs and buries his face in my booty. All you could see was my face, hands, elbows, and my ass sticking upward with Paul's eyes just above my crack. He was getting busy eating me out and I remembered that not only was he licking my pussy, he had no problem with doing the same to my asshole. Even though you couldn't see his nose buried between my cheeks, you could see Paul's head moving up and down like he was shaking it yes while he munched. I reminisced in real life about that wonderful feeling when, on camera, Paul stood up. 

Paul had prepped my pussy to his liking. When he pushes his cock inside me, for a split second my eyes widen as though I was saying, "Hello to that luscious piece of meat."

As we continue to watch the video, on it, Paul stands still for a moment with his large cock lodged inside my pussy, allowing me to get used to his size before taking hold of my hips. He started out thrusting slowly and we could see on my face that it was feeling great. I actually spread my legs to get slightly lower before Paul started giving it to me with force. Paul was pounding me with these long, hard thrusts while in real life, Michael and I continued to sit on the bed and watch. We could see me on my knees with my boobs rocking back and forth, Paul grunting and sweating as he was slamming his meat in me, and we could hear the slapping sound very vividly. 

In real life, I pointed to the screen and warned Michael, "Watch right here. It's getting close. I cum in just a second."

Right on cue, we could see my face and body clench up with me moaning, 'Augh. Yes...right there...augh..augh'

I looked at Michael, he was rock hard and leaking precum as he watched his girl getting pleasured in the video. We continued to watch and in the video Paul never stopped pounding my hole while I orgasmed and because of that, I was just about to have a multiples when I ordered Steve, 'Come over here and put your dick in my mouth.'

Now up until then, we never saw Steve on the video but he was standing off to the side stroking his 7 inch mushroom headed cock. He comes into view and the only thing we can see is his ass standing in front of the camera. He was feeding me his cock and even though we couldn't actually see it, we could hear my muffled screams when my second orgasm overtook me. Then on the video, I put my hand on Steve's hip to move him out of camera view so we could continue to see Paul fucking me doggie style.

In the video, Paul's was getting that look on his face like he was ready to cum and it was confirmed when he started growling, 'Aw fuck...just about there. Aw shit! Here it comes, baby! Get ready for it...grrrrrrrr!'

Paul clenched my hips and slammed me back on his cock. His eyes were glazed over and his teeth were clenched as we could tell he was unloading his sperm deep inside me. The growling never stopped and we couldn't tell because my head was now down on the bed, but I was having another orgasm as well. That man was able to get three of them out of me in the 15 minutes he screwed. I remember how much I needed that. 

In the video, Paul finishes cumming and pulls out. He walks off with his glimmering cum covered dick deflating. Steve walks around the bed and appears on camera. He taps me on the ass, and has me turn over to my back. Now on screen, we could see the top of my head, my knees up in air, and Steve climbing on top of me. Once he was over me, we watched him use his hand to slip his cock in my sloppy vagina. Once he was in, he had his hands straddling my face, flat on the bed with his back arched. We could see his ass going up and down as Steve was taking his turn fucking me on camera. 

I remember my pussy was swollen and my clit sensitive so it didn't take long before I wrapped my legs around Steve's ass and let out a growl of my own because of being caught up in the passion of another orgasm. Even though these two guys were brothers, they definitely had their own style. Paul likes to pound slower and harder whereas Steve was more the quick and fast type like a rabbit. 

Now on the video, Steve completely lays down on top of me as I put my feet in the air. We kissed and then he was nibbling on my neck. I put my hands on his ass to help his thrusting. We looked like one person stuck together and my hands slid up Steve's back until they reaches his shoulders. You couldn't hear me on the video, but I whispered, in his ear, 'Go ahead and cum in my pussy, baby. Let it out. Shoot it hard."

Steve presses his face into the bed beside mine when he starts shaking and trembling like he was going into a seizure. He was having a very powerful orgasm and added his slimy load to my vagina in addition what his brother had already deposited. I slowly stroked and rubbed the back of his hair while he came. I wanted him to have a proper finish. He then raises up, gets off me and walks away. 

In real life, I look at Michael who was stroking his cock. I slid across the bed and shut the television off before turning to him as saying, "That is all the good sex scenes. I did give both of them a good blowjob a couple of days later but you can watch that some other time. Did that turn you on honey? You like seeing your friends fuck me, don't ya?" 

"Oh yea. Now I'm so worked up, I'm about to bust," Michael replied. "Let's do it," he added. 

I shook my head no as I responded, "No honey, I'm all freshened up and everyone will be here in a few hours. Just jack off and clean the pipes if you need to. Here I will help you."

I got back on the bed, turned to my back and placed my feet against Michael's face before cooing, "Kiss my feet honey. Suck my toes. They have missed you so much."

Michael didn't have to be told twice as my silver glitter painted toes disappeared in his mouth. He got up on his knees while he started jerking it once again. He was moaning and would throw in a "mmmmm" every so often as his hand flailed away on his cock. I rubbed the other foot all over his face, specifically concentrating on his nose so he could smell my Bath & Body mango soap. 

Michael would twitch as he got closer to blowing his load. I don't know what made me think of it but I just realized he was going to cum all over the nice bedspread. He had that look in his eye and kept making that moaning sound. He mumbled with his mouth full of toes, "I'm gonna cum."

I looked all around for a towel, a wash cloth, anything and nothing could be seen on such short notice. Michael was completely up on his knees ready to blow so I quickly pulled my foot out of his mouth, slid on my side and placed my mouth over his cock head. He took hold the back of my head and forced me down on him while he moved his hips as though he was now screwing my warm mouth. 

I felt his dick throb against the inside of my cheek when he finally released all that backed up cum into my mouth as he screamed, "Augh...Augh...Augh...Augh!" in a rhythmic pattern to coincide with each blast. I couldn't believe how much Michael came. It felt like he had been saving that up for years. It took at least 45 seconds before he released the back of my head and pulled his cock out of my mouth causing a trail of slime to hang down off the corner of my lip. Michael collapsed on the bed while leaning back against the headboard. 

"Whew...God damn I needed that. That was powerful," Michael gasped as he tried to regain his focus.

Now I'm lying there on my side, looking up at him with what felt like a mouthful of warm yogurt. At least none of it got on the blankets. When I swallowed, it didn't want to go down very easily. The thick stickiness caused me to swallow several times before it was completely ingested. 

"I'll say. Wow! That was the biggest load I've ever swallowed from you," I coughed. 

As his breathing neared normalcy, he sighed, "I told ya. Don't you do that to me again."

We then started getting ready for our guests to arrive for the Super Bowl Party. I am very big on theme parties so I put on my black and silver Marcus Allen number 32 jersey, cinched around my waist with black stretch shorts that were so tight, you could see a little of my camel toe. I wore my silver and black earrings with those little black thingies stuck under my eyes. You know the ones players wear to keep out the sun's glare. The final piece to my outfit was my low cut white Nike tennis shoes with no show black socks. Michael wore his Bermuda shorts with his Joe Montana 49er jersey. 

We finished getting the house ready as our guests started to arrive. There was Bill and his wife Andrea. I love Andrea because she is so fun to be around. She is pretty, about my height, thin with long brown hair. Roger showed up with his wife Candy. She is also my height with shorter brown hair and big boobs. Michael always comments on them. Candy is somewhat shy but when she get a few drinks in her, she really opens up. Of course my boys Steve and Paul also showed up with smiles on their faces. Everyone was around the same age which was more than a decade older than me. 

One of the benefits of being in Arizona was that the weather was gorgeous. It was in the 70s as we grilled out and drank. It was our own pre party. When the game finally started, we were all gathered in the living room with some extra chairs. To be honest, there wasn't much to cheer for as I found the first half boring. We girls were in the kitchen making daiquiris and getting pretty tipsy. We were talking and laughing at nothing in particular when my inebriated horniness got the best of me once again.

"Candy, you have such big boobs. They are amazing, would you mind if I touch them?" I playfully asked. 

She was feeling good but she is still pretty shy when she replied, hesitantly, "I...I guess so."

I reached out and touched them, then encircled my hands before I stood behind her, grabbed them and held them up like I was her own personal pushup bra. Andrea was giggling when she chimed in, "Let me feel them. I have always wanted to."

Andrea stood behind Candy and repeated my actions while I commented, "I bet Roger has fun with those."

We laughed as the conversation topic quickly turned to sex. We would get more and more bold and personal with our questions. This led to an idea and I discussed it with the girls. Even though I was the youngest by far and looked like I was about to play a football game, I became the leader of our next party. We all walked into the living room just as the game went to halftime. I took the remote and shut off the TV which prompted loud, angry comments. 

"What are you doing? The halftime show is about to start," someone blurted out.

"You guys got that right. The show is about to start," I answered as I seductively motioned Andrea toward me with my index finger. 

She stepped to me as I took her face with both my hands and gave her bottom lip a long slow smooch followed by an open mouth kiss. It was surprising but exciting when I felt her tongue go deep in my mouth to the hooting and cheering of all the guys. We broke our kiss and smiled politely at each other as I remember how good her lipstick tasted. 

I looked around and ordered all the guys, "Ok boys, everyone take off your clothes and I mean everything. Then throw them in a pile over there beside the TV."

As the shirts, pants and shoes went flopping in that area, I peeled off my own shorts. Andrea lifted her arms for me as I pulled her shirt up and off. As I went in for another kiss, I unhooked her bra, allowed it to fall to the floor and then kicked it out of the way. Three of the guys sat down and two remained standing but all were stroking their hard cocks. I mean ever guy was rock hard and horny as hell. Everyone was either tipsy or drunk. Even though Candy was as well, she stood there watching but kept her clothes on. 

I pulled a large foot stool out and put it in the middle of the floor so everyone could see. I sat down and leaned back. Here I was with my braided hair, eye black, football jersey and shoes still on with only my panties covering my lower half. I pulled my panties to the side, exposing my smooth pussy lips before encouraging Candy, "Candy, I see you standing there. Come over here and taste me. You know you want to. Don't be shy."

I put my finger as far in my vagina as possible, pulled it out, and sucked it like a Popsicle trying to further entice Candy, "Ummmm. It's good. You're gonna love it. Come over here and eat some pussy. It's nice and fresh. Show these guys how it's done."  

I knew Andrea was going to eat me but I wanted to get Candy on board first. Andrea even tried to persuade Candy, "You can do it. Look how pretty and young she is. I'm going to try it. Go ahead. Do it."

Even the guys took turns encouraging her especially Roger as he was extremely excited about seeing his wife eat pussy. Candy, remained silent, but smiled and she walked over and got on her knees in front of me to the applause and cheering from everyone. At first her tongue movements were slow and soft as Candy shyly licked her first pussy. I periodically moaned as it felt good and also to inspire her further. She slowly started getting into it and then concentrated on my clit which always makes me cum. I stopped her and pulled my panties off to give her better access. All the guys and Andrea, who had now stripped down to bare skin, were either playing with themselves or watching with their mouths hanging open. 

"This feels amazing. Roger, you need to come watch your wife do her thing. She's gonna make me cum and you could learn how she likes it by watching her eat me," I gasped. 

This motivated Candy even more and took hold of my hips while she locked onto my clit and sucked it like she meant it. I put my hand on the back of her head and pressed her to me. It tickled and felt amazing simultaneously as I had my first orgasm. I screamed while my body shuddered..."Oh my God...Augghh...yes! Augghhh!" 

Candy was performing so well, you would have thought she was a lesbian. I had trouble catching my breath. After I came, she raised up with my juices spread all over her lips and face. She smiled, looked at Roger while taking off her clothes and smirked, "Baby that was good. I want you to pound me hard." 
