 Chapter 3: Even Closer to Sunrise

Recovering from her second orgasm of the evening, Celia lay face down on the bed next to an equally exhausted Diana. Tim left to clean-up and returned wearing a short terry cloth wrap. He sat on the edge of the bed and told the girls that this had been a uniquely special night, getting to fuck two 18 year old Freshman. He didn't know that Celia was really 24 and probably the oldest female, after Kathy (age 26) at the party. Tim told both girls to get cleaned up and get back out and mingle. He told them that college was a time to learn and explore both their bodies and minds and that an open mind was the key to happiness. The two girls, both recently fucked and having experienced their first pussy eating, just lay on the bed and nodded. Tim left and the girls went in and took a quick shower together. While toweling off and getting dressed, Celia learned that Diana was from Minnesota and was inexperienced sexually, but planned on spending her college years expanding her horizons, mentally and physically. She thanked Celia for a great orgasm, kissed her on the lips and left in search of higher 'education'.

Celia thought for a moment about how bland her college experience had been. Except for meeting me and getting married, she thought about all the potential lovers she had spurned because she was shy or afraid of actually having or being forced to have sex. She promised herself that she would not leave the party with any regrets for not having done something strange or unusual. She pulled up the green mini and wrapped the silver blouse around her now clean tits and headed out the door to the sound of the music.

Kathy intercepted her near the bar and asked her where she had been. Celia told her about Diana and Tim and Kathy's eyes practically bugged out of their sockets. "Wow!", Kathy said, "you got to fuck the owner and do a threesome with a young girl?". Celia smiled and said it was quite and experience and that Kathy should keep her dance card open for the rest of the party. Most of the action had moved from the dance floor to the pool so the girls both changed into bikinis they had brought with them. Kathy, with her reddish tinted hair and pale white skin, looked hot in her red bikini. Celia had brought a pale yellow bikini that complemented her tanned skin and brown hair. The girls grabbed fresh drinks and went over to the pool to see what all the commotion was about.

Near the shallow end of the pool sat a tall black guy that Celia remembered from John's earlier introductions as Randall, a Senior, 21 yrs old, always on the Dean's List and possessing a rather large cock. The bulge in his swim trunks gave credence to the advertisement as being true. Four girls were trying to swallow a condom-covered ruler to see who could get the most down her gullet. The 'winner' was going to get the chance to deep throat Randall and win a $100 cash prize. A little Asian girl named Karen won and licked her lips as she swam over to Randall. Karen was a shade over 5 feet, with beautiful full black hair down almost to her waist. Kathy nudged Celia and told her that Tina was well known for her oral abilities and that this would be a treat. Randall unveiled his rapidly hardening cock and Karen measured him and announced it was over 8 inches. Karen dropped the ruler and grabbed a fistful of Randall's cock and went to work. Kathy was correct! Karen took about 3 minutes to get Randall grabbing the back of her head and holding her face down on his love stick while he shot a large load of baby-making juice down her throat.

Celia was impressed; not so much with Karen's sucking abilities, although she wondered how Karen's mouth would feel on her pussy, but with the size of Randall's cock for in addition to being over 8 inches in length, it was as thick as Celia's wrist. John and Paul had been about 5 to 6 inches in length and Tim's had been short , but much thicker. Celia wondered what it would be like to try long and thick at the same time. Celia was a little hesitant to approach Randall directly as John had also told her about Randall's ability to make a girl pass out while fucking her hard. Celia refreshed her drink and went back towards the dance floor in search of Kathy.

Kathy was sitting astride a young Hispanic man while he slowly fucked her pussy. Without batting an eyelash, Celia sat next to her friend and asked her if she knew a good way to approach Randall about fucking. Kathy increased her pace and the young man fucking her, Eddie, shot his nut quickly due to the increased pace from Kathy. Kathy disengaged and sat next to Celia and started plotting while Eddie's cum ran down her thighs. Celia caught about every third word as she was fascinated by her friend's ability to fuck a stranger and then cavalierly dismiss the poor guy after a climax. Coming to her senses, Celia got up and with Kathy by her side, went in search of Randall. Hopefully her first back cock!

Nothing subtle about a redhaired girl who introduces herself to a man's cock with a kiss before making eye contact with the owner. Kathy grabbed Randall's cock and gave it a quick lick before pulling Randall closer to her and introducing herself as a big fan! She quickly told Randall of Celia and her newness to the sexually open life style of college. Kathy continued the charade by saying that Celia was 18 and curious about black men and their cocks. Kathy proposed a quiet session to get to know each other and with a wink to Celia and a quick motion to follow her all three headed back inside.

Kathy took Celia and Randall into a bedroom that Celia hadn't visited yet. Randall and Celia sat on the bed while Kathy knelt down in front of Randall and slipped his hardening cock out of his swimsuit. Kathy told Celia to watch and then commenced to swallow Randall's cock, at least the first 6 inches or so. Randall's cock was thick so Kathy had to go slow to keep from gagging. Celia felt her pussy get wet again and reached over to touch Randall's deep brown skin. He felt warm and when Celia looked up she saw Randall looking into her eyes like a cat looks at a captured mouse.

Kathy pulled Randall's engorged cock out of her throat and mouth and sat back on her butt and motioned Celia to take over and start sucking Randall's cock. Celia approached Randall's cock like a shy child, unsure of what she was doing, but wanting to keep going. She bent over and started licking her first big black cock and could feel her pussy churning with anticipation. Next she felt a soft tongue kiss the back of her neck and gentle hands untie her bikini top and let it fall to her side as Randall started playing with her small tits. Next her bottoms were being tugged down by Kathy, of the soft tongue, and the tongue started to explore her pussy ever so gently. Celia's hips started to jerk spasmodically as Kathy's ministrations started to bear fruit and tickle her clit to the point of distraction. Randall sensing that Celia was more concerned with her clit being licked than sucking his cock, pulled Celia to her feet and flipped her on the bed. He leaned over her slim, tanned body and gripped his cock with his left hand while steadying himself with his right arm. He leaned over and kissed Celia, deeply, plunging his tongue as far into her throat as possible. Celia's senses were on overload as she struggled to return the first kiss of a black man.

Randall started to put his 8 inch cock into Celia's previously segregated pussy, slowly working the entire length into her as he watched Celia's eyes grow bigger with each inch. He started a gentle fucking, determined to get this white girl totally hooked on black cock. He felt he owed it to all his Brothers who were sure to pass through Celia's life in the future. He wanted her to keep searching for another black lover that would bone her pussy with the satisfaction of Randall. Kathy stepped back to admire her handiwork. Seeing sweet young, innocent Celia being fucked by a Black stud of the best proportions. Sweet Celia, married, bank supervisor, who in the space of less than four hours had received three loads of strange cum into her pussy, eaten her first pussy and had her own pussy eaten by two different women. Kathy felt a pang of jealously over Celia getting all of Randall's cock, but she knew what was coming later, the infamous Sunrise Shoot-Off, and she licked her lips in anticipation of what Celia's young pussy was in store for.

Randall got down to business and started to deep bone Celia. Celia felt the pressure all the way up to her cervix and when Randall started to seriously hump her cunt, a warm feeling started to wash over her body as her fourth orgasm of the evening took her by a steady, but insistent force. Her back arched up off the bed and she threw her arms around Randall's neck to steady herself. She understood now what it meant to be fucked unconscious and tried to hold onto Randall to keep from passing into that sweet, dark void. Randall shoved his cock deep into Celia, her eyes snapped open as she felt the deepest intrusion her pussy yet, and he emptied his balls all the way inside her cunt. After grunting several more times to finish depositing his load, Randall pulled Celia's arms from his neck and let her fall back on the bed. He pulled his cock out of her, wiped the residue of his cum over Celia's tummy and left the room in search of more pussy.

Celia lay on the bed in a state of semi-consciousness barely aware of Kathy calling her name and then hearing the door open and what seemed like a crowd of people come into the room around the bed. Randall's cum continued to drain out of her pussy and soak the bedsheets. Kathy had opened the door and beckoned several fraternity members to come in and see the effects of Randall's latest conquest. Celia lay completely naked on the bed, resembling a wanton slut, more than the young college coed she was supposed to be. The frat boys were impressed and John and Paul's earlier recommendation to include Celia in the Shoot-Off was approved unanimously.

To be continued...