 Special thanks to ashpuppy who took time out of her schedule to edit this for me. Thank you. 

*

I opened my apartment door and kicked off my four and half-inch black Filo leather red sole pumps. It had been a long day at work and I was exhausted, thank God it is Friday. After dropping my purse on the table and checked the messages on the answering machine, I flopped down on the couch and turned on the TV. Flipping through the channels, I decided that digital cable was a complete and total waste of money and turned the TV off. I went into the bathroom to run a hot bath and wait for Lou to get home. I added bubble bath into the running water and when it was full, I lowered myself into the steamy, bubbly water. "Mmm," I murmured, leaning my head against the edge of the claw foot tub and closing my eyes. This was exactly what I needed. Forty-five minutes later my eyes snapped open when I heard the door click shut. I had dozed off in the tub. "Wonderful." I muttered to myself and got out of the cold water.

"Sue?" Lou called out.

"In the bathroom, I'll be right out." I grabbed a towel and dried myself off, then slipped on my silk robe. Walking out into the kitchen, I saw a vaguely familiar woman standing next to Lou. I could not quite place a name to the face. "Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't realize anyone else was here." I blushed lightly and looked down at myself. I had done a half-ass job at drying off and the silk was clinging to my tits and hips, my nipples practically jumping out of the fabric of the damp robe.

"No babe, this is perfect. You look hot." Lou walked over to me and kissed me. Not just a little 'hello' kiss but a long, tongue filled passionate kiss. He ran his hands down my back and to my ass and squeezed it, pressing me against his body.

I pulled away and looked at Lou in shock. I glanced over at the woman embarrassed but the woman did not seem shocked at all. In fact her tongue was licking at her lower lip and her eyes were wide. My brow furrowed as I tried to figure out what was going on.

The woman reached up to her French twist and pulled out the pins, letting her long blonde hair fall over her shoulders in a wild, sexy mass of waves. She was about five-foot ten, a full five inches taller than me and could not weigh more than hundred thirty pounds. Her tits were full and surprisingly large for her thing frame. She was wearing a gray pin stripe pants suit with a white blouse underneath that was unbuttoned to expose cleavage.

I looked questioningly at Lou. He smiled erotically at me and leaned over to squeeze my tit."Lou!" I exclaimed and batted his hand away.

"Don't worry babe," Lou said. "This is Sally. She works in my office and is very interested in what we've been talking about."

Suddenly I understood. We had been talking about having a threesome for the past seven months and were looking for another woman to join us. I had been fantasizing about having sex with another woman for the past nine months ever since I had accidentally ordered Women Meeting Women #69 instead of Cold Mountain on Demand TV. I had shared my fantasy with Lou and we had discussed having a threesome. Finally we had decided that it would not hurt our relationship, but make it stronger and be one hell of a sexy experience.

I looked at Sally in a whole new light now. She was a tad bit on the skinny side but otherwise sexier then hell. I could feel my lower belly tighten and I bit my lower lip. I looked at Lou who had an amatory smile on his face and took his hand. He led me over to Sally and took her hand as well, then led both of us into the bedroom.

I kneeled on the bed and Sally walked over to stand in front of me. Sally reached down and untied the sash on my robe and it fell apart, revealing full and firm thirty-six, C-cup tits and a bald cunt. A tiny noise escaped Sally's lips as she stared at me. I have petite, hourglass figure with short torso, a smallish twenty-five inch waist and long, shapely legs with toned thighs, accented by my thirty-seven inch hips and heart-shaped ass. Sally could not wait to have me.

I tentatively reached over to Sally's blazer and unbuttoned the two buttons. Lou stood behind Sally and pulled it off, tossing it on the Vanity chair. Then I brought my fingers to Sally's white blouse, unbuttoning the buttons slowly, revealing a small piece of skin with each button. Lou pulled that off as well and tossed it with the blazer. I hesitated. Sally smiled and unzipped her trousers and pulled them down her long slim legs, kicking them to the side. Next went her white lace bra and matching panties. She stood there in front of me, completely naked.

Bringing her hands to my shoulders, Sally pushed the robe off and took a step forward. She smiled and cupped my face, bringing it to her own and kissing my lips ever so softly. I could not believe the sensation. Sally's lips where soft and full and her skin were so smooth. I could not believe that I had waited twenty-six years to experience the kiss of another woman. Sally kissed me again, this time harder. She slipped her tongue between my lips and we embraced, kissing softly, but passionately.

Lou stood in the background watching this glorious site. The contrast between us made it even sexier. While Sally had long blonde hair and olive skin, I had short, dark auburn hair and pale skin. Sally was tall and skinny and I was short and curvaceous. It was so totally hot that his cock started swelling. He pulled off his suit jacket and pants and tossed them to the side, and then his boxers and shirt. He got onto the bed behind me and pressed his front against my backside, rubbing his cock on my bare ass, letting me feel how crazy he was about me.

We were still kissing and Lou reached around me and rubbed my nipples, tweaking and lightly pinching them. He ran his hands down my belly and to my cunt, spreading the lips with his fingers and slipping one finger onto my clit. I was already getting wet. My hips jerked slightly against his cock, making him grow harder, almost painfully harder. Sally ran her hand down to Lou's and moved his finger so that she could massage my clit. Lou reached his hand down and tried to slip a finger in. From the position it didn't work as he hoped so he pressed me down so I was bent over and slipped into two fingers into my cunt from behind. I gasped and my hair fell down I arched back in silky folds. Sally knelt on the floor and reached her hand underneath me, rubbing my clit. I moaned lightly at the sensations that were shooting through my body. I had two thick fingers fucking me and one soft one flicking and rubbing my clit. It was amazing. Then Sally turned around and put her head under me, bringing her mouth to my cunt. She latched on and started tonguing my clit.

"Oooh my god," Sue moaned. This was even better.

Lou fingered me harder and faster and Sally was like a mad woman, licking my clit back and forth in long even strokes. I pumped my hips into Lou and at the same time tried to move on Sally's mouth. Lou reached around and started pinching my nipples, hard, just the way I liked it when I am getting fucked.

I was gasping and felt tension building up inside me and for a split second was amazed at the fact that I was about to cum. I had never been able to cum so fast but with Sally licking my clit and Lou ramming his fingers in and out of my cunt it was overwhelming and all of a sudden a dam burst inside of me making me scream and writhe my hips against the fingers and mouth that were fucking me into a wild frenzy.

"Oooh yes...aaahhh...yes...yes...yes...fuck me...fuck me.... yes Lou go...go.... oooh fuck, " I threw my head back and let out a loud scream and then suddenly my knees gave out and I fell across the bed. Sally moved to my right side and Lou to my left. I was gasping and shuddering from the impact of the orgasm. I had never been hit so hard and so fast with such feelings and it threw me. I was still moaning lightly because the feeling has lingered and it was like I could still feel the fingers fucking and the tongue licking.

I opened my eyes and saw Lou grinning down at me. I grabbed him and wrapped my hand around his cock. He let out a little noise of surprise. I smiled at him lovingly then ran my hand up and down his hard cock slowly with a hard grip. "Mmm handsome...I love this," I murmured.

"Good." He smiled.

I sat up and got behind him putting both of my hands on his cock. I held it out to Sally. "Look," I demanded. Sally's eyes glazed over and she lay on her belly, putting her mouth near his cock. She licked the tip and a bit of pre-cum came out. She licked that up quickly and then nipped at the head. Lou shot back a little but Sally looked up at him, smiled and shook her head. Lou relaxed and Sally took the head of his cock into her mouth. She sucked on it and then took the entire thing into her mouth. Not an easy feat as Lou was perfectly endowed at seven inches.

Lou moaned as I laid him on his back. Sally started moving her mouth up and down on his cock, flicking her tongue along the shaft. She took his balls into her hand and massaged them as she started to go faster up and down on the cock. I moved over beside Sally and pushed her hands away bringing my mouth near Lou's balls and flicking my tongue on them. Sally moved to Lou's side so I could have better access and we both went to work. Lou was moaning and grabbing at both our hair when Sally stopped. I stopped as well. He stared at us.

"What the hell?"

Sally guided me onto my hands and knees again and pushed Lou towards me. "Fuck her," she said. They had been the first words Sally had spoken since entering the apartment and they were filled with passion and fire.

Lou happily obliged and slid into my tight, wet cunt. My entire body was wracked with pleasure as his cock filled me and I moaned.

Then Sally slid underneath me so that her mouth was direct with my cunt and Sally's cunt was direct with my mouth. She pushed her cunt into my mouth and started eating me out for the second time that evening. Sue looked down at the landing strip trimmed cunt in front of me. I licked around the lips and then took my fingers and parted the folds. A gleaming clit stood proudly in front of me and I could not wait to fuck it with my tongue. I wanted to make Sally feel like Sally had made me feel. I delved into Sally's cunt and started licking her clit. Sally let out a little moan and I felt elated that I was able to elicit the sound from Sally. I continued to lick Sally's cunt, although it got difficult to concentrate at times what with Lou fucking me, filling my cunt with his cock and Sally lapping at my sensitive clit. But I managed. I had never licked another cunt before but from the noises Sally was making I figured I had it down pretty good. I simply did what I knew that I myself enjoyed and that seemed to work rather well.

Soon we all were moaning and writhing our hips against each other. It was the hottest thing any of us had experienced and top that off with the sensations that were shooting through our bodies; we were soon all close to the peak of cumming. Sally was the first to cum. Her body tightened and she was mumbling incomprehensible words into my cunt, moaning and gasping while still trying to tongue fuck me. I felt a release of wetness on my chin and in my mouth and was surprised to feel and taste that Sally had actually ejaculated. I had heard of it happening to women but never actually knew it could happen. I was pleased to feel the wetness fill my mouth and dribble down my chin. Immediately after, Lou and I started cumming at the same time. I could feel Lou's cum shooting inside my body and he could feel my cunt muscles contracting on his cock. We were both moaning and writhing against each other and soon we all fell into an exhausted, sweaty heap on the bed.