 Tim was astounded by he had seen on the video made by Jo. As we sat there watching it we were both getting extremely hot watching Jo get shafted by this kid with the cock the size of a forearm and it wasn't long before I noticed Tim's hand had moved to his crotch as he slowly rubbed himself transfixed by what he was seeing.

Likewise I had slipped my right hand into my panties and was rubbing my clit as the action on the screen heated up. Without a word being said between us I reached over and unzipped Tim's Levis and removed his huge cock. His balls would have to remain inside his pants for the moment as there was no way they would fit through such a small opening. I started to slowly lick his shaft starting at the base and running my tongue up its full length before kissing its might head. Tim just laid back running his strong hands through my hair still mesmerized by the action on the screen.

His cock was throbbing and as I put its head in mouth I could feel the power pulsating through it as Tim pumped more and more energy into its powerful shaft. God this felt good!! I had positioned myself so that I could still see the screen and as Kelvin began fucking Jo I couldn't wait any longer to feel Tim inside me.

As I maneuvered Tim's pants around his waist I was determined not to let go of his cock with mouth. This must have been quite a sight as Tim struggled to remove his jeans with my lips wrapped firmly around his huge cock. Needless to say we succeeded and soon enough he was naked. Now it was his turn to undress me as I continued to suck on his cock. My panties proved hardly a challenge as he easily pulled them down over my hips. My singlet was proving a bit more of a problem until finally he had had enough and ripped it from me exposing my pink lace bra which held in my 44inch tits. Tim was a bit tit guy and he loved mine. He couldn't get enough of them and soon he had pulled the bra cups below my tits which had the effect of pushing them up even higher.

As Tim ran his tongue over my erect nipples I continued to work on his cock the only difference being that now I could include his huge balls in my feast. Tim loved it when I placed one hand under his balls and stroked his cock with the other. He particularly loved it when I slammed my fist hard down onto his balls. I thought that it would hurt too much but he just kept demanding that I smash my fist into them on the downward stroke saying that it helped to pump huge loads of cum up his shaft. I continued to pulverize his cock and balls as Tim went nuts with my huge juggs.

Soon I could take it no longer and had to have Tim inside me. We positioned a chair in front of the TV and Tim sat on it with his impressive cock pointing skywards slowly stroking his shaft now glistening with precum which was oozing from it's head. I straddled Tim and placed the head of his cock and slowly lowered myself onto him. Fuck it felt good and soon enough I was bouncing up and down pounding Tim's cock as he held my huge tits in his hands and sucked the daylights out of them. I was keeping one eye on the screen and the sight of Jo being torn apart by a footlong cock was almost too much for me. I was feeling a mixture of emotions, I was jealous, envious while at the same time in heaven as Tim's cock stretched my tight little pussy to its limits. I had reached around with one hand and was squeezing Tim's huge sack which was making him raise his hips off the chair to meet my pounding pussy.

"Oh fuck, I'm getting close baby," yelled Tim who had taken an even firmer grip on my tits.

"Yeah baby, me to. Are you ready to explode?" I replied.

"Yeah and its going to be massive, I haven't come in days. Where do you want babe?" 

"I want you blast it up my pussy you big cocked stud," I gasped now feeling the first signs of reaching my own climax.

"Well hang on because here it cums!! I'm going to blow you right off this chair," yelled Tim.

"Oh yeah! That's it baby cum for me, blow your hot load into my belly, fill me till I overflow!!" I screamed.

Tim began to cum like a geyser, I couldn't believe the feeling. First his cock grew even bigger before I could feel the first huge load blast from it. I was wracked with orgasm after orgasm as Tim proceeded to pump more cum into me that I ever imagined possible.

"Babe, I think I'm full, do you have any left because boy could I go some of that hot cum all over my face and tits!!" I pleaded knowing that if anyone could meet this desperate plea Tim and his gigantic cock and ball could.

"Yeah baby, but you had better quick," replied Tim.

In a flash I had whipped out his cock which was still firing wads of cum in the air and positioned it in front of my face. Stroking it furiously I was able to keep Tim going and soon my face was a mess of sticky cum before Tim replaced my hand with his and proceeded to plaster each of my 44inch tits with one last load. I collapsed to the floor completely and utterly fucked. My pussy was oozing cum, my face had not a dry patch on it and my tits were likewise smeared with Tim's hot cum.

It took us a little while to recover but when we did I had only one thing on my mind and that was finding that illusive megacock to wrestle the competition from Jo.

The next day I was at work daydreaming about yes you guessed it, huge, massive, gigantic cocks when I was distracted by my cell phone. When I looked at the number I knew that it was Tim and I hoped it was going to be about catching up straight after work but I was in for a surprise.

"Hi Cathy you won't believe this but I think that I might be able to help you out with that competition you and Jo are having," explained Tim.

Now unless Tim had miraculously grown a few inches as a result of the fucking I gave him yesterday I knew it had to involve another guy.

"How Tim? What have you got in mind?" I replied.

"Well Cathy you see there is this new guy at work, he only started there a couple of days ago and this morning I was down at the gym and he was there and you see he is quite special," 

"So what do you mean by special Tim?" I replied now curious as to where this was leading.

"Well, he's rather big, no huge if you get my meaning," said Tim appearing a little reluctant to talk about another guy like this.

"Let's cut to the chase Tim, is he fucking hung like a proverbial horse or what!" I demanded to know.

"Well yeah, at least I think he is. You see I was getting changed when he walked in and stripped off. He appeared a little shy but I could see his reflection in a mirror and then I could see why. His cock was hanging down towards his fucking knees," said Tim.

"Fucking what! Did you just say his cock was almost to his knees, this I have got to see!"

"Yeah I thought you might say that so I caught up with him during the day and invited him over for some drinks at the house I am looking after for the boss at the moment and wanted to know if you want to come over at say 6pm,"

"Fantastic, I'll be there with bells on and not much else," I replied.

"OK, the place has a great pool and spa and Brad and I will be out the back having a few beers so just make it look like you are dropping around for a swim," Tim said.

"No problems, I can hardly wait."

The next few hours seemed like days to me as I couldn't get my mind off Brad. I kept making up different scenarios in my head like what if he wasn't as big as Tim thought, what if he doesn't like me, what if doesn't like sex, what if he's married, what if he's gay!! 

After knocking off work I went home to get ready. I thought that I would wear my new bikini with a short wrap around skirt. The bikini top accentuated by big breasts and the bottom was one of those brazilian types which showed off my toned stomach and tight bum. God I was feeling sexy just looking at myself in the mirror. It must have been about 30 degrees but my nipples protruded like they had just been iced they stuck out that far.

I drove to Tim's boss's house a fantastic place perched high on a hill overlooking the bay. I saw Tim's car parked out the front as well as a convertible black BMW with the roof down.

My pussy was moist just thinking about this meeting. I took a few deep breaths and went to gate leading around the back as Tim had instructed me to do and let myself in. As I approached the pool I got my first glimpse of Brad. He was sitting on the edge of the pool with a beer in one hand, a gorgeous smile on his ruggedly handsome face and a fit athletic body. He looked about 25 or thereabouts and he just oozed confidence. Neither he nor Tim had heard me come in so I took a few moments to observe the two guys just sitting there chatting about things and enjoying their beer.

Finally I could wait no longer so I walked confidently to the pool intent on making a big impression although I guess with a set of 44inch tits that's not that hard to achieve!

"Hi guys, I hope I'm not interrupting but I just thought that I might drop around for a swim. I didn't know that you were expecting company Tim, I can leave if you would like?" I cooed lowering my sunglasses looking directly at Brad.

Brad was the first to respond. He got to his feet and came directly towards me the afternoon sun reflecting off his tanned skin.

"Hell no, if anyone should leave it should be me," Brad said.

"There's no need for anyone to leave, Brad this is a friend of mine Cathy, Cathy this is Brad a guy I work with. Why don't we just all hang out and have a drink," suggested Tim.

"That's great by me," I said looking Brad up and down.

"Good for me to'" said Brad.

"Well that settles it then, we're all staying", said Tim.

Tim went inside to fix me a drink and took the opportunity to remove my skirt and take a seat near Brad. He was drop dead gorgeous and had an easy going nature. We made some small talk along the lines of what we did etc before I decided I needed to cool down with a swim. I stood up near Brad and dived into the pool. The water was refreshingly cool and as I swam a couple of laps I was unaware that Tim had returned and that Brad was sussing the situation out between Tim and me. Obviously he wanted to know if we were and item. Tim said no way and that we were just great mates.

After a couple of laps I'd had enough and swam to the edge where Brad was. As I went to get out I noticed a well muscled arm reach down and offer to help. I took his hand and he effortlessly pulled me out. He grabbed a towel, wrapped it around me and patted me down. Feeling his strong hands rub my rear was awesome. After lingering for a few moments Brad went and jumped in and swam a lap. I stood transfixed as he slowly exited the water. Let me tell you more about him. He was about 6 foot two, broad shouldered, well tanned and well muscled. He had a sick pack top die for and a mop of jet black curly hair. Oh and I must not forget a very, very noticeable bulge in board shorts!!

I decided to return the favor and grabbed his towel and wrapped it around him. I rubbed his shorts and felt his well toned buttocks before risking it all and reaching around to dry the front of his shorts. I couldn't believe what I felt. It was huge and powerful and long. As I slowly dried his shorts by running my hand down the length of his shorts by following his cock I was almost at the end by the time his cock was finished and the guy wasn't even hard yet. Tim seeing what was going on suggested we go inside and get something to eat so we all headed in. 

Standing around the kitchen the sexual tension was almost palpable. You could feel the sexual energy and most of it centered on Brad. As we got some dinner together and continued to drink we all became a little more risqué with Brad and me openingly flirting with each other. As we passed each other there were stolen caresses, a touch here, a whisper there, my god how long could this continue before all hell broke loose!!

Tim was doing a great job, he obviously could see that I was attracted to Brad but he didn't become jealous, in fact quite the opposite he made comments about how good Brad and I looked together.

Things almost got out of hand when I had an accident opening a bottle of cream. As I pulled the top off it exploded all over my chest drenching my tits in cream. It drenched them and my bikini top and looked like, well it looked like it does when Tim has tit-fucked me that's what it looked like. I looked at Brad and Tim and then slowly started to rub the cream from my chest with a cloth. Tim was the first to help by throwing a towel to Brad and suggesting that he give me a hand.

Brad approached me looking a little pensive and appeared a bit hesitant to rub the cream from my tits. I told him not to be shy and to give me a hand. He started rubbing but only managed to smear it all over my chest.

"Here let me give you a hand," I said as I stepped back.

"Do you mind if I take my top off to clean this mess up?" I asked.

"Hell no Cathy, I'm sure Brad won't object will you Brad?" replied Tim.

"Ah, no way. Go for it, take it off its OK with me," stammered Brad.

I proceeded to undo my bikini and then slowly removed it and dropped it to the floor. That left me standing there with cream now dripping from my protruding nipples my huge tits covered in cream. 

"I know one way to get this stuff off guys," I said as I lifted up my right tit with both hands licking the cream from it pausing to suck the cream from my nipples. This was almost two much for the guys. I could see a growing bulge in both their shorts as I continued to suck my own tits slowly licking the cream from them.

"Hey anyone what to give me a hand or should I say mouth over here or do I have to do this all by myself?" I said challenging the boys to help out.

Before you could say a word I had Brad licking my left tit and Tim my right. God I was in heaven having my tits licked and sucked by these two studs and I hadn't even got to play with their massive cocks yet!!

I held there heads close to me guiding them to where I was still covered in cream.

"God that feels good. You boys sure know how to clean up a mess," I said commending them on there handy work.

"Fuck your tits are unbelievable Cathy, so big and yet so firm and pert. Your nipples are amazing. Do you like them being fucked as well as sucked?" asked Brad.

"Did you say tit-fucked you wicked boy!" I said grabbing Brad by the chin.

"Yeah tit-fucked, you know having a big cock slide up and down that cleavage before blasting shot after hot shot all over your huge tits just like that cream did," said Brad.

"Oh I love it when you talk like that, but I tell with tits this big it takes one mighty cock to fuck them. Do you think you are to that, do you?" I challenged Brad.

"Hey Cathy should we tell him about the little competition that you and Jo are having," enquired Tim.

"Oh I don't know, do you think he wants to hear about it. He might be embarrassed by the stories of the big cocks Jo and I have fucked recently," I said.

"No, no please tell me. What's this about big cocks?" asked Brad somewhat puzzled.

"OK, here's the deal my best friend and I are having a competition to see who can fuck the biggest cock. The competition ends this weekend and Jo is leading, bitch," I replied.

"How big? How big is this cock that Jo has fucked?" asked Brad.

"Its 12 inches long and belongs to some weedy little geek," I told Brad.

"12 inches that pretty impressive," said Brad.

"Yeah it is. Tim here has a great cock and the biggest balls you have ever seen but its still not big enough, I guess I'm going to get beat by Jo," I said disappointedly.

"Well hold on there Cathy maybe there's still time. Maybe that big cock is closer than you think," said Brad.

"Yeah well it had better be soon or its all over," I said.

I went into get myself another drink and as I was standing there still topless I felt a pair of hands reach around and grabbed my tits and start massaging them. Fuck it felt good. I could tell it was Brad and as I reached around I felt his bare buttocks but more importantly I felt something huge pushing against me. It was simultaneously pressing on my buttocks and between my shoulder blades, fuck it was huge! I slowly reached for it and soon my hand grasped a most amazing object. It had to be his cock, what else could it be but surely not that size, not that big. I could hardly get my hand around it I had to see this thing for myself.

As I turned around I was confronted by a cock the size I had never dreamed off little lone seen. It was massive, it stood up proud at 45 degrees from Brad's body. As I am somewhat shorter than Brad it reached all the way up to my tits and Brad had one hand wrapped around its base and was moving it from one of my tits to the other. It still didn't seem real, it couldn't be, no cock could possibly be that huge.

"Holy fuck Brad is that thing for real!" I gasped still too shocked to touch it.

"Sorry I thought you would be pleased to see it," replied Brad disappointed by my reaction.

"Don't be sorry damnit, I just can't believe it," I said.

"Well your welcome to check it out to see if it is real," encouraged Brad.

I reached forward taking the shaft in my two hands which seemed so small in the presence of this mighty cock. I bent down on my knees and looking directly into Brad's cock slowly stroked it back and forth with my two hands squeezing precum out which I licked off greedily.

Lifting his cock up I was amazed to see it reach Brad's sternum before running my tongue along its entire impressive length. I could feel the power pumping through its veins on my sensitive tongue. 

Finally I was happy that I had worked this massive cock to its extreme and it was time see if this was going to be a winner.

"OK Brad tell me how fucking big is this stallion sized cock of yours?" I demanded.

"Well baby when the last girl measured it it was 13 inches but she was nowhere near as hot as you and those great big titties of yours so who knows this thing is fucking bursting out of its skin tonight so why don't we just measure it to be sure!" suggested Brad.

"Baby I thought you'd never offer," I said turning around to see Tim standing there watching what was going on naked with one hand stroking his own massive cock while holding a ruler in the other.

"One step ahead of you sister," said Tim.

"Well get over and put that thing to good use, the ruler that is, and help me measure this massive cock," I demanded.

Thankfully the ruler was 15 inches long as I had a feeling that we were going to need ever inch of it. Brad was slowly stroking his cock I was busy placing the ruler along its length and Tim had grabbed the camera to capture the moment. Slowly I laid it along Brad's cock and until I could confirm that it was indeed 13 and half inches in length.

"Shit its over 13 fucking inches long this big fuck stick of yours!!" I yelled hugging Brad.

"It's the winner, I'm going to beat Jo and she is going to suffer," I screamed jumping up and down with my tits bouncing obscenely.

"Haven't you forgotton one small point?" asked Tim.

"What, what have I forgotton?"

"Wasn't the winner the girl who could find AND fuck the biggest cock? Seems to me that you still have some work to do on that big baby there," said Tim.

Shit he was right I still had to take this huge colossal cock all the way in my tight little pussy. Now this was scary! Looking at it there didn't seem to be any way that it would fit. This was going to take some real effort.

I asked Brad how the girls he fucked liked to take him maybe I could learn something from them surely he's fucked lots of girls. He replied that he had never been able to find a girl who could take him all some had gone close but none had truly taken his monster to the hilt.

Now I was worried I just had to take it. I would take it or fuck it I'd die trying. I told Brad to lay down and I straddled him like I have down to Tim may times and slowly eased myself onto the pylon of flesh. Fuck it felt could and Brad was a real gentlemen he let me take my time and slowly but surely I descended down his cock. After 10 minutes I had been able to take 8 big inches but I was struggling to get in any more. Brad and Tim were fantastic encouraging me all the way but it was just too much no matter how hard I pounded his cock I just couldn't get in any more.
