 Rick had bought a 52" Hi Def LCD TV for the game. He had invited a bunch of his buddies to watch the game at our place.

I was to look after serving the guys refreshments. I had got an outfit from Greta resembling a Steelers's cheerleader but much more revealing.

I was to be their Superbowl Whore. 

The "guest list" was all guys I knew and was comfortable with. Indeed many of them had already been partners in threesomes with Rick and I.

Theo is my favorite. Theo is a goofy guy whose wife divorced him several years before. He is still in love with his ex-wife and five year old daughter Cassandra.

Theo takes in borders more for company than the money. He currently has a single mother and her little boy; I suspected he is banging the mother?

Then there is Paul. Paul is a know-it-all suave guy who has never worked a day in his life. He fancies himself as an entrepreneur and is involved in one scheme after another. Paul's wife divorced him after their first year of marriage. 

Eric "Nighthawk" Johnson is a chubby unemployed looser. Eric's pride and joy is his customized van, which he almost lives in. He cruises the streets at night looking for babes to ride in his van with him. He spends most of his time looking. 

Dan and his brother Chris are long time friends. Dan lives in nearby Toronto with his pretty hairdresser wife Dorothy. Dan is a good-humored easy-going type and always game for some fun. Chris is only twenty and not married but engaged to an inspiring TV model. 

Finally there was my bonus, Lloyd Best. Lloyd is a black man with his own barbershop. Never married Lloyd is a Jamaican immigrant. Lloyd came right from the island and opened his own shop and was soon a popular member of the community. I had had the pleasure of having Lloyd's thick rope in me on several previous occasions.

These were to be my partners for our Superbowl gang-bang.

"Ten cases of beer?" I question Rick as he unloaded the car.

He had set up a "beer fridge" in the garage along with a couch and some chairs and the new Sony home theater. A mattress had strategically been placed in the corner.

Along with the beer Rick had cleaned out the chip rack of the 7-11 and bought half-a-dozen frozen pizzas. A bowl of black and gold wrapped condoms was prominently placed ready for the party to begin. 

The "Steelerettes" outfit Greta had sold me had a very, very short gold skirt and a transparent black top with a gold "S" emblazoned strategically between my tits. Wore without panties it was sure to be a crowd pleaser. 

"Try it on for me." Rick asked.

It was a couple of hours before the guys were due to arrive. We had been busy making last minute preparations for the game.

I had shaved my pussy in the shower that morning so it would be as smooth as a baby's bottom for my lovers. My hair had been done at Roberto's along with a manicure and pedicure. I went to the bedroom and took the flimsy outfit from the closet.

Removing my clothes I stood in front of the full-length mirror. Five foot six, one hundred and eighteen pounds, shoulder length strawberry blonde hair framing baby-blue eyes and 38C breasts, long shapely legs, I was cheerleader material.

I slipped on the two skimpy garments but I still felt naked.

"Wow, there's going to be a few guys wanting to score tonight!" Rick said when I flipped the skirt up over my bare ass.

"Do you think so?" I asked him coyly lifting the front showing him my freshly shaven pussy.

Dan was the first to arrive.

"Yes!" he said as I greeted him at the door.

"I hope you saved some for me?" I teased putting my arms around his neck and kissing him.

My skirt rode up and he filled is big hands with my bare ass.

"You bet." he said as he pressed me against his erection.

It was about an hour to game time and everyone had arrived. As the guys congregated in the garage I had been busy serving them and flashing my pussy. A few hands had caressed my bare ass in anticipation of what was yet to come.

A guy had once asked Rick why he didn't mind men fucking his wife?

"She is like an exotic sports car, once they take her for a ride they are spoiled for any other woman." He had told them.

So far fifty-three men had taken me for a demo.

The rule was no fucking before half time. That was when I was scheduled to do my strip and start doing the boys.

By half time my pussy was itching for cock. A few fingers had visited me while horsing around as the game progressed. The more wobbly pop the guys drank the more boisterous they got. It was only part way through the second quarter Dan lost a bet on an incomplete pass and I got to sit on his face. All the guys hooted and hollered as he licked out my cunt.

Half time finally arrives and the first commercial is still playing when my top comes off.

It starts as sort of a bukkake session, seven cocks jerking inches from my face. Some are cut, some are not, some are long, some are thick and all are hard!

The cum starts spurting towards my open mouth. Great globs of the stringy white goo fly through the air and splatter on my face. The first one catches me in my right eye, the next lands on my extended tongue. I swallow my first taste of salty cum.

There was a cloudburst of cum, it was pelting my face faster then I could handle it. My fingers squeegee the thick goo into my mouth as I desperately tied to swallow every drop.

"God your wife loves cum!" someone said as my face begin dripping with the sticky, white goo.

I was in a feeding frenzy, a thick trail of seven guys' slime led down my throat into my belly. Suddenly a cockhead entered my mouth. Automatically my lips sealed around it and I begin to suck the goodness out of it.

My short skirt was up around my waist little more than a wide belt. Cock in mouth I was carried over to the mattress. I was still sucking when the first cock slid into me.

I was ready and my pussy took the invader in one smooth deep thrust. With two cocks in me cum continued to rain on me from above until my tits looked like glazed donuts.

As I sucked one cock another was rubbing my face with its cum-coated head smearing my eyelids and cheeks with sticky goo. Vaguely I could see a circle of cocks surrounding me, I was in heaven!

Cocks begin erupting insides of my body as well as on it. My cum saturated mouth was filled with another load of salty brine just as the cock exploded in my pussy filling me with sperm. It was too much and an orgasm stole my body.

I writhed like an injured animal as the spasms racked my being.

"Oh my fucking God!" I screamed as their cum flowed into me. 

When I returned to reality the cocks were changing in me. This time an additional one filled my ass. Now riding three cocks I started going for yet another climax. 

My pussy was wet with a load of cum in it and the cock lid effortlessly as I begin to enlarge. My bum was still tight but it was yielding nicely to the thick cock stretching it. The cock in my mouth was almost touching m tonsils as my tongue swirled around it. I was a human fucking machine! 

My sphincter was loosing up nicely and whoever was in it was sliding up to his balls into my dirt chute. Somebody had their hands full of my tits and still the cum rained down on me. 

I groaned as my naked body became slippery with a coating of cum.

I love getting D.P.'d, a hard cock in my asshole and another in my cunt separated only by my thin membrane. Each thrusting in and out of me independently like two wild animals. With my mouth full of cock I feel complete. I was at the mercy of three cocks as they pounded me senseless.

The game had resumed on TV but few were interested. It looked like certain victory for Pittsburgh and there were still cocks to be drained into me.

I don't know how many orgasms I had that afternoon, ten, twenty? When the boys finished with me cum run down the insides of my legs from my throbbing pussy.

The guys settled up their wagers and said they were looking forward to watching the Stanley Cup on the big screen.