 I had just returned from an appointment with Samantha Gilford and, as usual after seeing her, I was hard and horny. She was a good client of mine, happily married and didn't fool around and was one of the sexiest women I ever knew. She was a tall, good looking blonde with huge breasts and a great body and I always found myself thinking about what I would do with her in bed, in the middle of a business discussion, and had to bring myself back from fantasy to the reality of the moment quite a few times during our meetings. 

When I returned home, I was hot and horny and, since my wife was at her office for the day, decided to strip and play around on the computer for a couple of hours. I got naked and went through my photo files to see what I was in the mood for when I came upon my file of cock photos and decided to run a slide show for a while. I poured myself a drink and played with my cock as I looked at the magnificent collection of beautiful organs I had accumulated over the years. My penis was fully erect and I was just starting to get some precum flowing when there was a knock on the door. I slipped on my robe and hoped my hardon wouldn't show as I opened the door to find Bill, the new superintendent, standing there. He said that my upstairs neighbor's radiator had leaked and flooded his bedroom and he had to check to see if my ceiling was affected. 

I let him in and, as he went into the bedroom, I realized that I had the slide show on my computer! It was too late to do anything about it as Bill was already over by the window checking the ceiling. He said it was OK as there was no sign of a leak and, as he turned to leave, he spotted the computer screen with a gorgeous, thick erection displayed on it full screen. He remarked that it was a beautiful photo and that he also has a collection of cock photos on his computer which he likes looking at when his wife is out. I asked if he had the time to look at some of my favorites and he immediately sat down in my wife's desk chair telling me that he was free for a couple of hours and would love to see my collection. I sat down in my chair alongside of him and we watched the procession of male organs being displayed on the screen. After a few minutes of this, with my cock now fully erect, 

I asked him if he would like to see the real thing, and, opened my robe displaying my thick, erection. His eyes danced over my equipment and he reached out and grasped my organ in his hand and asked if he could get to know it more intimately. I smiled and told him that it would be nice if he stripped so that I could enjoy myself also and, when he got out of his clothes and turned to face me, I was amazed to see a really thick, cut organ that had to be about 8 ½ inches long with a smooth, flared head and a deep ridge around it....just the kind of cock that gets my juices going. It was semi-erect but growing as I looked at it and when I walked over and took it in my hand, it started to grow really big and I couldn't keep myself from dropping to my knees and taking the head between my lips. 

He groaned as I sucked his cockhead and he held my head in his hands as he fucked my mouth and began feeding more and more of it down my throat. I relaxed my throat muscles and let him feed me as much meat as possible before I gagged, and then proceeded to draw deeply on the thick penis as he stroked slowly in and out of my mouth. I cupped his full, tight balls in my hand as I sucked him and teased his asshole with my finger. He was moaning and telling me how good it felt when he asked if he could get at me also.

I reluctantly withdrew my mouth from his fantastic penis and walked over to the bed and lay down on my back with my hardon cleaving the air in front of me. As he got down on the bed, I grasped his organ and guided it to my mouth as we got comfortable in a 69 position on our sides with our heads resting on each other's thighs. I gazed at the absolutely gorgeous penis in front of me and then couldn't resist taking the head between my lips and lovingly sucking on it while playing with his balls. He was doing the same with me and I loved the feel of his mouth around my cock as we both began sucking deeply on each other's organs. He felt and tasted so good that I wanted to keep sucking his organ forever while experiencing the pleasures his mouth was giving me. We sucked each other's cocks, occasionally sucked our balls, and stayed in this heaven until suddenly, 

Bill groaned with his mouth around my cock, and his thick organ jerked in spasm as he shot a load of hot cum into my hungry mouth followed by spasm after spasm as he fed me his juices. As his cum flowed into my mouth, I felt my orgasm strike and my penis exploded in his mouth shooting jets of cum down his gulping throat. We both emptied our balls in each other's mouths and greedily kept sucking trying to get more until we just rested our heads on each other's thighs, lightly sucking on our cockheads as we came down from our highs. Suddenly, we heard applause and I turned to see my wife standing at the doorway telling us that she has never witnessed a sexier or more exciting sight in her life and that she wants to see more. She sat down on the other side of the bed and asked me to please suck him hard again as she wanted to watch. I leaned forward and took his partially erect penis in my mouth and began to suck life into his organ as it slowly grew in my mouth. 

The fact that Tyko was watching me suck him made it even more exciting and I assumed it was the same for him as his penis became rock hard as I sucked it. We heard Tyko's moans as she encouraged us to suck deeply on one another's organs as she slid two fingers in her wet pussy. Suddenly she got up and stripped off her clothes and asked if she could join in. We broke apart and she quickly moved between Bill's thighs and started licking and sucking his balls and fully erect penis. I got in back of her and licked her ass crack from the top down across her asshole and then dipped my tongue in her hole to taste her delicious juices before continuing on to her petal-like labia which I gently sucked into my mouth before continuing up her slit to her hard clitoris, which was peeking out from under its hood, and I took the little button between my lips as I sucked it and ran the tip of my tongue back and forth over it. 

She responded so beautifully that it was a pleasure to suck her and listen to the sexy sounds she made as she writhed in passion while sucking deeply on Bill's thick penis. I got up and got behind her and fit the head of my erection to her wet pussy and fed the crown inside while she never missed a beat in sucking his cock as my organ slid inside her and I felt her push back to get more cock as I filled her cunt with my throbbing meat and she drew deeply on his penis. 

We kept this up for a while and then Tyko announced that she wanted to fulfill a favorite fantasy of hers and she got on top of Bill and fit the head of his organ to her vagina and sank down on it as she gasped and moaned as the thick shaft filled her hole and sent shudders of ecstacy throughout her body. When she had as much of his cock as she could take inside her, she asked me to fuck her ass so she could experience two cocks at once. She leaned forward and Bill took one of her nipples in his mouth and sucked it as I came up behind her and greased her anus with some KY. I put the head to her puckered hole and pushed it inside and worked it back and forth to get her nice and smooth before I started to feed her more meat. 

She was squealing in delight as I filled her hole and when I got all the way in, I felt Bill's thick organ on the other side of the membrane sliding in and out and it doubled the excitement. The three of us got into rhythm and Bill and I were stroking in and out of her while she writhed and shuddered in passion as we fucked her. Suddenly, she cried out and sank down on Bill's throbbing organ. I knew her orgasm was upon her and thrust my erect organ deep inside her ass as she went into a series of spasms and I felt her ass contract around my shaft as she wet Bill's penis with her juices. She collapsed on top of Bill and we kept our cocks inside her long after her orgasm passed until she awoke and excused herself for a moment. She came back in a few minutes with hot and dry towels and cleaned off both our organs which were fully erect and swaying in the air above us. 

As soon as she finished cleaning and drying us, Bill reached out and took my hard penis in his hand and squeezed it lovingly as he told me that I should lay back and relax as he was going to suck me first and then fuck me and that Tyko should watch as it will be a worthwhile spectacle to watch. Then he got comfortable between my thighs and lifted my legs and held them back as he proceeded to tease my asshole with his tongue before inserting it. He was running his fingers all over my throbbing shaft and full balls as he reamed my ass and it felt wonderful. Then he shifted his attention to my balls and thoroughly licked them before taking each one in his mouth and sucking them. He ran his tongue up to the base of my shaft and licked and nibbled on it as he worked his way up to my flared head where he found a big drop of precum oozing out which he immediately licked up. 

He nursed on my crown and I fed him plenty of delicious precum which he savored and occasionally brought up a drop on his tongue to feed me or Tyko. He had me in heaven as he so beautifully sucked me and I could have gone on forever like this but he withdrew his mouth from my organ and announced that it was time for a good fuck now and would I please roll over and present my ass to him as he was going to give me the fuck of my life. As he fit the head of his cock to my puckered hole, after dabbing some KY on both of us, Tyko appeared in front of me and asked me to please suck her pussy while she watched Bill fuck me and lowered herself to my mouth. I felt Bill's gorgeous penis probe and find my asshole and push its way inside until I had his entire crown captured while my wife fed me her most sexy and delicious pussy to suck. 

I felt him working his cock in and out gently as he smoothed out the bumps in the road and then felt his thick organ filling my ass as he started to stroke back and forth and it felt wonderful having him inside me while I lost myself in sucking my wife's crotch. I heard Tyko cry out as she came and felt her hot juices on my face. I licked her pussy to taste her juices and his penis was going in and out of me like a beautiful piston and I didn't want it to stop. Then he grasped my cock as he fucked me and started stroking it while thrusting in and out of me. My wife kept feeding me her cunt to suck and the combination of his fucking and stroking had me ready to cum and, when he suddenly shuddered and cried out and started pumping his hot cum into me, that put me over the edge, and I moaned with my tongue buried deep in her vagina, as my penis stiffened and began shooting jets of cum on the bed which continued until his last spasm squeezed out the last drops from his beautiful penis. 

Tyko told us that it was very sexy for her to watch Bill fuck and jerk me while I sucked her pussy and that she loved watching us have sex as it was a terrific turn on for her. She helped Bill clean himself up and then leaned over and captured his cockhead between her lips and nursed on it until it started to grow again. Then she turned to me and licked the length of my organ before taking the head in her mouth and sucking it until it too showed signs of life. While she was sucking me, she was playing with Bill's erection and when she had both of us hard and ready, she asked Bill if he would like to get fucked while she sucked his organ and he agreed immediately and got down on all fours and presented his ass to me while Tyko got comfortable underneath him and began licking and sucking his cock and balls. I came up behind him and dabbed some KY on both of us before fitting the head of my thick penis to his anus and thrusting it inside. 

I worked it back and forth and then started long, deep strokes which brought forth sexy gasps and moans from him as my wife sucked voraciously on his thickness. I was enjoying the feel of his asshole around my shaft as I fucked him and was in another world as I thrust in and out and listened to the sexy sounds he was making. I could have continued fucking him forever but suddenly my penis swelled and began spurting cum into his beautiful hole in spasm after spasm of pure ecstacy. As my cum splashed into his ass, he groaned and starting feeding his cum to Tyko who hungrily gulped down every load as she sucked hard for more. 

After cleaning up and refreshing ourselves with cold drinks, Bill asked if it would be ok if he asked his wife up to join us and we agreed being pleasantly surprised by this event. I had seen his wife once since they arrived in the building, and remembered that she was quite attractive and had a very nice body so I was looking forward to seeing her. He called her and told her that she would be very pleasantly surprised if she came up to Apt. 33 and to please hurry. She just had to come up the elevator so there was a knock on the door a few minutes later and Bill went to the door to fill her in on things and get her ready to join the action. We were laying on our backs on the pillows when Bill walked into the room with Sofia in tow and introductions were made all around. I noticed that her eyes were riveted to my thick, semi-erect organ and I offered it to her. She smiled and began to remove her clothes to reveal a sensational body. 

Large, firm breasts, ample hips, great ass, sexy thighs and great legs. As soon as she was totally nude, she settled herself between my legs and started giving me one of the most beautiful blowjobs I have ever experienced. I could see that she loved cock and was in a different world when sucking one and I just relaxed and let her take me away to Nirvana as she fed on my thick cock. Then Bill loomed over me and straddled me on his knees as he began to feed his penis into my mouth while Sofia was doing a beautiful job on my cock. 

Then Tyko sat up on the headboard and fed Bill her organs to suck while he was feeding me his penis and the four of us went off into another world. The fabulous sensations of being sucked so beautifully and, at the same time, sucking on so beautiful a cock, had me in heaven for what seemed like ages until I felt his cock swell in my mouth and he started pumping jets of cum down my throat. 

I swallowed each load and sucked deeply on his penis to draw out more and, as I sucked, my penis exploded in Sofia's mouth and she hungrily devoured my offerings and kept sucking my penis until it was limp in her mouth. I was sucking Bill's receding penis when he suddenly pulled it out and lay back to relax as Tyko moved with him and covered his face with her crotch as she fucked his mouth and I could see she was near orgasm. Then she moaned and ground her cunt against his mouth as her orgasm overcame her and she visited that special inner world of total pleasure. 

She wet his face with her juices and he licked and sucked every part of her cunt to taste more. Then she lay back alongside us and relaxed as we discussed how fortunate things turned out for the four of us and that from now on, we'd be seeing a lot of each other. They got dressed and left after making us promise to come down and visit them next evening although Bill said he might drop in on me during the day for a little warm up and I told him I'm his whenever he wants me and the girls grimaced at this and said that they're jealous. 

Tyko and I had a wonderful sex session right after they left as we relived the exciting events of the day. She couldn't get over how turned on she became as soon as she walked in on us sucking each other and, from that moment on, has become wildly sexy and totally horny especially when she watches us have sex. She also mentioned that she wanted to get together with Sofia the next time we saw them as she felt a strong attraction to her all day and has a feeling that sex with her would be a wonderfully satisfying experience and on that note we fell asleep looking forward to the following evening.

Tyko was at work the next morning when I awoke to a knock on the door and found Bill standing there with an absolutely gorgeous gal. He asked if they could come in as he wanted to introduce us since Charly would be attending our get together at his place tonight. I couldn't get over how good looking she was and my eyes constantly dropped to her cleavage which was driving me crazy. Bill told me that she absolutely goes crazy over cock and with that, threw back my robe so that my semi-hard penis was exposed to her rapt gaze. An out of this world look came over her face as she reached down and took my rapidly rising penis in her hand and lovingly stroked it as she cupped my tight balls in her other hand. She leaned over and took the head between her lips and sucked it as she ran her tongue across the slit and captured my precum as it flowed out. While she sucked me she got undressed and I reached down and tweaked her erect nipple when it came into view. 

She had me on cloud nine when suddenly she lifted her mouth from my cock and stood up in front of me revealing a huge, thick penis with what looked like pussy lips right under it. She told me that she was a hermaphrodite and had a pussy as well as a cock and I marveled at the beauty of both organs as she lifted her thigh and displayed her gorgeous pussy with rose petal labia. I leaned forward and took her thick shaft between my lips and nibbled my way to the smooth, flared head which I lovingly took in my mouth and began to suck while I played with her clit and labia. Her cock was perfect! It was very thick and about 8 inches long and had a smooth, flared head with a deep ridge around it. I sucked on her cockhead enjoying her flavor and then she pulled her cock out of my mouth and pressed her cunt to my lips and I licked and sucked every part of her crotch and found her absolutely delicious. She had me alternate between sucking her cock and then her cunt and I enjoyed both equally. 

I thought about Tyko with her tonight and I got twice as horny as suddenly I felt a mouth around my cock as Bill couldn't resist my hardon and got down and started sucking my organ while I was busy pleasuring both of Charly's gorgeous organs. I was sucking on her cockhead when it suddenly exploded in my mouth and started shooting hot ropes of cum down my throat which I gulped down and then backed off a bit so that I could catch her spurts on my tongue and taste them before swallowing them. She fed me lots of cum and as I sucked her receding organ, she pulled out and placed her pussy over my mouth for sucking. After that gorgeous cock, I was totally enveloped in her womanhood and licked and sucked her crotch from her rigid clit down her passage to her puckered asshole and back again. I concentrated on her clitoris for a while and teased it with the tip of my tongue as I held it between my teeth and listened to her gasps of pleasure as she held my head tight to her cunt. 

Meanwhile, Bill had been doing a masterful job on my cock and had me on cloud nine as I sucked her clit and then, without warning, my penis erupted in spasms and began shooting load after load of cum into his hungry mouth as Charly rubbed her cunt over my greedy mouth and cried out in orgasm as she flooded my face with her cunt juices. 

While we were relaxing, she told us that she enjoys cumming with both organs equally and sometimes cums with both at the same time which she told us was absolutely wonderful. I marveled again at her feminine beauty along with that fantastic cock and pussy and told her that my wife was going to devour her tonight. She said that Bill had told her about Tyko and she was looking forward to meeting her. Bill mentioned that Charly was one of Sofia's favorite playmates and they had her over quite often. After some more conversation, they got dressed and went down to his apartment where Tyko and I would be around 6 pm when she finished work. 
