 I try so hard to be good, and usually I am, but let's face it—I have a sex drive so powerful it could run the city of Chicago for the next three months. Oftentimes, it takes me, not the other way around. I've been in so many positions, in so many beds and in so many places in the past, but let the past be the past. I've tried to start anew.

Rules for myself included: 1) no sex without a committed relationship. 2) no masturbating in the bathrooms at work (most accountants are so robotic that they don't need to use the crapper, it's a wonder I haven't gotten caught yet). 3) no more porn on my computer. 4) no cybersex. 5)nothing crazy crazy. 6) keep sex to inside the apartment. 7) don't wake up the neighbors.

These were a lot of rules for somebody like me, somebody who could easily go through a few orgasms over the course of the normal day. A great day for me would be wake-up sex before I make me and my partner from the night before a cup of coffee, then while I'm at work I go to the bathroom to jerk myself off—I won't if things are busy, but I will if things are slow. And the slower things get, the more "bathroom breaks" and "cigarette breaks" I take. And then there's whatever happens when I get home from work.

I wouldn't categorize myself as a sex addict, because I can go for a few days without any sex at all. You probably watch a lot of TV because you like to. Are you a TV addict? Is it the end of the world if you miss a night or two? Some people like food, some people like books, some people like smoking, some people like vacations, I happen to really, really like sex. I do not think that is a crime.

When I was in elementary school my classmates used to call me Glinda, based on my uncanny resemblance to Glinda the Good Witch from the Wizard of Oz. I have her strawberry blond curls (though recently I've taken the time every morning to blowdry my hair straight, it's what the fashion magazines are telling me to do) and I have her gait. I am, I will tell you, the cheeriest accountant you will ever meet. I practically hum when I do accounts payable. But when I'm in bed, I scream.

Anyway, this morning I felt good about my resolutions, good about sex and good about trying to clean up my life (my last few encounters had all been organized through internet sites, and let's just say I met some dreary people and was not at all happy with where they left me, emotionally speaking). For now, I'm me, and I have my fingers to do whatever somebody else can't.

That's what I was telling myself until around 12:15, just when I was about to leave the office with my friend Hannah for lunch. I got a call to my desk, from a phone number I didn't immediately recognize.

I picked up the phone. "Miranda Stallworth."

"Hey Miranda, it's Jared."

"Jared! How are you?" Jared is one of my good friends who would be best off as a contestant on Beauty and the Geek. He has glasses and a short, gelled haircut that absolutely makes him look every bit the software engineer that he is. "I'm great. Are you up for lunch?"

"Absolutely. Mind if my friend Hannah tags along?"

"No problem. Meet at Trio's?"

"Sounds good. Let me just ask her."

"Hannah," I call over to her. "Trio's? You'll be able to meet my friend Jared. He's a great guy."

"Sure thing," Hannah said. "Just don't set me up with him or anything, I don't need any more drama in my life right now."

I looked at her as if she were crazy. "It's just a lunch. Nothing more."

"Alright, whatever."

"Hey Jared," I said back into the phone. "Meet at Trio's as soon as you can get there."

***

The waitress was kind enough to find a table that was in a relatively quiet section of the restaurant, so that Hannah, Jared and I could talk more intimately. Hannah and Jared were delighted to learn that they had both graduated from Cornell in the same year and they were recounting all of the great times they had had as college students. I saw Jared's green eyes light up, the way I know they buzz whenever he has an orgasm. As for Hannah, she had just gotten out of a long relationship with a guy who, as from what it sounded like, didn't know anything in bed. Though I take Hannah as somewhat of a prude, I was surprised to see a shade of a black lace bra covering her ample breasts when she leant in to talk to Jared. This girl has a lot to give, I thought to myself.

"College was nuts," Jared said. "I was nuts."

"Nuts how?" Hannah asked.

"Let's just say that I was with girls left and right."

"Really?"

Jared flushed a shade of red. "Yeah... see.... I was walking down the hallway of my dorm once with a towel around my waist, straight out of a shower. One of my male friends thought it would be a great idea to yank the towel from my waist, to prove to himself and everyone around him that engineers didn't have anything down below. Let's just say that he—and a bunch of girls walking towards me—were very surprised at what they found under there, and word got around that God was kind to me when I was born. So a lot of girls banded together and decided that they wanted to... you know... experience me...test drive me, so to speak. I deflowered so many girls that way I can't even tell you."

Hannah giggled. "Are you.... Really... that.... Big?"

"I don't really have much of a basis of comparison—it's not like I go hunting to compare to other men and I've never measured myself.... But if what girls tell me is even half true... then I guess I am blessed."

Hannah turned red as a tomato. It was Jared's turn to laugh.

"It's okay, sweetheart... I'm used to it. And, apparently, I'm good with it too. Just ask your friend Miranda."

Hannah turned to me in shock. "You mean you've..."

"Had sex with Jared? Fuck yeah."

"But you guys never went out with each other. Or anything. Or maybe you did and you never told me about it."

I laughed and laughed. "Jared and I... we both like to have sex. And we like each other. And we like each other enough that we can have sex and we're okay that it doesn't amount to any romance. And that can be a problem, when we're in committed relationships."

"Oh my goodness," Hannah said. "That just sounds so weird to me."

"It's not, I promise you. If you like it, you get used to it. Jared and I know what each other are about."

"It's just so.... Untraditional, I guess."

"Maybe," Jared said. "But who's to say that tradition's any good?"

"And do you guys still...."

"Occasionally," I butted in. "We've been a bit slow on that lately. I just made a promise to myself to clean up my sex life, but now that I see you here, Jared, in the flesh, I might just have to change that."

"So happy to hear that, darling," Jared said.

"I hate to butt in," Hannah said, "but the next time you guys have plans with each other.... Maybe you can invite me along. Just to see what it's like, you know."

"Why certainly," Jared said. "We could always use a beautiful girl like you."

"Does tonight sound good?" Hannah asked.

"Awesome," I said.

"Perfect," Jared said.

***

Threesomes are my favorite. They tend to be fun and sweet, with everybody changing their tune every few minutes. And with two people to please, it's twice as hard, but so many more times rewarding once the job is done. What I love more than anything else is feeling not one, but two wedges of skin on me, each with their own feel, each doing their own thing. I was so excited for tonight that I skipped masturbating in the bathroom, lest it play with my performance.

I went home from work a little early so I could soak in the tub and pick out my outfit for that evening. I decided to go simple, with jeans, boots, and a deep v-neck top that clung to my torso like a second skin. I wanted to be sexy, but I didn't want to intimidate Hannah.

I rang Hannah's doorbell promptly at 8, and I greeted her with a bottle of wine. "Oh," she said, as she took the wine from me, "You really didn't need to bring that."

"Consider it my gift to you," I said.

Hannah was dressed in a kimono, her hair done in a bun. "I see we're not quite dressed the same way, I hope that's alright, "she said.

"Sure," I said. "It's no problem."

"And do you mind if I show you what I have on underneath....? I'm not sure it's appropriate."

"Go ahead, let me see."

Down came the kimono, and in front of me was the sexiest sight of my eyes. A lightning bolt sprung up from my pussy and went down to my toes and up to my ears. "That...." I said, gasping for air, "is the fucking sexiest thing I've seen a long time."

Hannah wore a camisole and boybriefs—black and cotton and relatively simple. Near her bust and on her shoulders, though, was just enough lace to accentuate the bones of her neck and the curves of her breasts. Her camisole ended short of her washboard stomach. Her underwear curved just up to her hips, and this time the lacing was not a frame, but instead covered her pussy. Hannah, as I was excited to see, was a tamed girl. She left enough hair for it to be natural, but it was obvious that she took care of herself quite well.

I dropped onto the couch.

"Come closer to me and let me see this underwear."

Hannah came closer to me, and I motioned her to sit on my lap. Hannah obliged—she straddled me, with her knees hugging my hips, and I touched the lace around her straps and her breasts. I felt her gasps of breath floating over my head as I touched the lace on her camisole and gently fondled her breasts.

"I have a treat for you. An appetizer. Stand up."

Hannah stood up, and her pussy was just inches from my nose. Without even taking her panties off, I stuck my nose in for a deep whiff. Having been with men for so long, I forgot the sour, wet, warm smell that is pussy in the making.

I slipped my index finger underneath the lace to touch each of her folds, to make sure that the heart I thought I heard beating had actually made it down there. It had, and it was intense, and getting faster by the minute. I put my hands on her hips and pulled her underwear down to her bare feet. She stepped out of them.

"You'll love this."

I put my hands on her butt cheeks and pulled her pot of gold in closer. I found her clit, small and tempestuous, and put my lips on it and started to suck on it along with her heartbeat. As her heartbeat went faster and faster, so did my sucking, and I made sure to do nothing else than suck. When I was satisfied with her hearbeat, I began sucking off beat, making sure she was never without sensation of some sort. Within a few minutes of this bliss her cunt started running like honey and her thighs started quivering.

"I'M GOING TO FALLLLLLLLL!" she screamed, before the most heavenly juices in the world squirted out of her clit, and she then promptly felt on top of me. She hugged me and giggled.

"I never thought a woman to give it to me like that," she said.

"Yeah, well this woman has had a lot of practice," I said.

At that moment, Jared opened the door to the apartment, and saw Hannah sprawled on me nude on her sofa. "Wow, I didn't know I was that late," he said.

"No, you're just in time," I said.

"So what just happened here?" he asked.

"My best orgasm in six months," Hannah said. "I might be out for the night after that."

Jared laughed. "What did my Miranda do to you?"

"She just sucked me. And sucked me so well. I felt like I was getting a blow job, that I was the luckiest person on the planet. And she has the softest, tenderest lips."

I used those lips to kiss Hannah on the cheek. Hannah responded by kissing me back on the mouth.

"Do you want to sit out a little while, Hannah? I could use some getting started, and maybe you could watch and join in when you feel ready."

"That sounds good. I'm just worried that Miranda won't be having as much fun as us."

Jared winked. "Miranda loves this stuff, and we love her. We'll save the best for last."

As Hannah moved over to my side, I got up and walked over to Jared, removing his coat and then his button-down shirt. He still had an undershirt on, but I didn't bother to take it off. I kissed and sucked and lashed my tongue on his cheek, his collarbone, and his neck while he used his hands to map out my back and fondle my breasts. All innocent, almost middle school-like, and when Jared softly giggled I got up, and he got up. After doing this so many times, we had each other's cues down like clockwork.

I took off his undershirt, and then undid his belt and threw it to the side. "Don't do that," Jared said. "We may want that for later."

"Then we'll just have to get it later," I said.

I pulled down his pants, and toyed with the elastic band around his Polo boxers before I pulled that down, and there was a good foot long of manhood awaiting me.

"See?" I looked over at Hannah. "It really is quite big."

"You say quite big like you've seen bigger," Jared said.

"I have," I said. "But they're not as nice-looking as yours. Yours is not the biggest, but the best."

"The best?"

"It knows how to treat a woman right."

"You act like I don't know how to treat a woman right."

"You do. Your dick just does a better job."

"Jeez," Jared said as a joke.

I put my lips on the end of him and I palmed the rest of his shaft. Deepthroating somebody like Jared, if not impossible, is quite difficult, so I don't often try it. I do, however, pay special attention to all of him, and he jumped a little as I gently pinched the area of skin between his balls.

"If you don't mind..." Hannah said. "I'd like to try."

"Go ahead," I said. "He's all yours. Take good care of him."

As Hannah got down on her knees to service Jared, I walked around to his back. I started by kneading the knots in his upper neck and shoulders, where weeks of stress had been building up.

"Thank you..." Jared said in exasperation. "Thank both of you... and... HOLY.... FUCK!!!!" he shouted. 

I stopped my work to see that Hannah had successfully deepthroated him. I felt joy and love steaming up from my pussy. I went back to work on his neck, only this time a little bit harder, alternating my massages with kisses and bites.

"Too much... too much for one person to deserve..." I heard Jared moan.

I began working down the ribs of his back, massaging and biting along the way. When I bit into his fleshier sides, I set my hands around to his chest to run my fingers through his chest hair, around his nipples and through his abdominal region. I met Hannah's hands at his thighs, at which point we started massaging his thighs together. Jared moaned again.

By this time I was also kneeling on the floor, and Jared's firm ass was staring straight back at me. Knowing that Jared likes his ass, I decided to spread his cheeks with my hands and give my tongue a little tour.

"Oh fuck... oh fuck... oh fuck...." I heard him gasping. His moaning went away for a while, and then suddenly it got louder and louder, until his moaned like a whale. I heard Hannah smacking her lips, enjoying his load, and sucking him dry to make sure there were no more surprises left for her on the way out. There was, though, and a little bit of Jared's hot, sticky cum got onto Hannah's lips. It looked like she had put on a little too much lip gloss.

"That was a lot, even for me," Jared said. "But I know whose turn it is."

Jared and Hannah both turned around to look at me with cravings.

"And you're still fully dressed! What a shame!" Hannah said.

Before I knew it, I was pinned to the ground, Hannah sitting on top of me and Jared lying down by my legs. My clothes seem to come off in an instant, and Hannah was grabbing at my tits and pulling at my nipples like she was molding pieces of clay.

"I've always, always wanted to do this to you," she said.

As Hannah caressed every inch of my breasts, her warm fuzz came down on my belly button. Though I wanted to splay my arms out to the sides and let her work her magic on me, I sent my fingers into her cave. Her pussy electrified before me.

"You don't have to, Miranda. You've done so much already tonight."

"I've always, always wanted to do this to YOU," I said, as I slipped another finger into her back door for a little shocker.

As Hannah was careening back and forth on me, I bent my knees to give her some support. As I bent my knees, I felt them being forced apart, as if a doctor was coming to inspect me. And all of a sudden I felt a great warm mass enter me—I didn't know if it was Jared's fist or his cock or maybe something else—I just knew that it sent me into an ecstasy unlike any other I had experienced lately. I took my fingers out of Hannah's pussy so I could go into some convulsions of my own. The following bliss was so sweet and buttery I can hardly remember it.

"If you think she's done," Jared said. "You're sadly mistaken. Do you want to know what she really likes?"

"What does she really like?" Hannah said.

"Get up and I'll show you."

Hannah got up, and helped me stand up. I realized how warm my back was, from all the friction from the carpet. Jared lay on the ground, his knees up, and I smiled as I sat on his cock, letting his mass enter me from behind.

"FUCK!" I screamed, both out of pain and pleasure.

"And Hannah, you're welcome to sit on my face for your own special treat."

For the next few minutes Hannah and I sat across from each other, looking over each other's breasts and stomachs and pussies—the parts of each other we wouldn't be seeing come tomorrow morning—and we smiled at each other, getting ourselves pleasured by the same person at the same time. Jared was somehow able to adjust himself to each of our likings—his cock pushed hard into me with deep, penetrating thrusts, while his tongue danced gingerly around her lips and her clit. Hannah and I stared at each other, and watched each other go into waves of pleasure. Without thinking any more, I bent over towards her, and she bent over towards me, and we started kissing and fondling each other. Hannah's lips were as soft and as delicate and sweet as daises.

"Any chance I'll get a little bit more of this tomorrow?" Hannah whispered into my ear.

"Sure," I whispered back. "Take a bathroom break whenever you want and we'll go from there."