 We were standing in line to register at the hotel when we first saw them. Six young men in Army Class A uniform lined up behind us. Being a veteran myself, I couldn't help but look at their uniforms. What I saw impressed me. The Sergeant, 2 Corporals, and 3 Privates First Class all nodded at me as I looked them over one by one. Each had obviously seen combat duty, as they each wore various medals, awards, and decorations that can only be awarded in combat.

My wife, Lisa, is also a veteran, and she also spent several minutes checking out the 6 soldiers as we waited out turn in line. Being a little more outgoing than I am, she quickly struck up a conversation with the Corporal standing directly behind us.

They had indeed just returned from the Middle East, and were all on their way home for a well-deserved 30-day leave. While they did know each other, they weren't what one would call friends. Pure coincidence had landed them at the same airport, where they had been told their next flight had been cancelled due to mechanical problems. After some discussion, they decided to come into town and get hotel rooms, doubling up and sharing expenses, and wait for the airline to call them.

As our turn in line came up, we wished them good luck, welcomed them home, and bid them all good bye.

We got to our room and unpacked our luggage. Lisa immediately headed for the shower while I made a small pot of coffee. Once the hotel-provided coffeemaker was gurgling away, I undressed and joined my wife in the shower.

As I climbed into the rear of the shower, she stood facing me under the showerhead, her eyes closed tightly as she rinsed the shampoo from her hair. I watched the shampoo suds flow down the length of her body, streaming over her breasts and down her tummy to be momentarily trapped in the tangled, soft, brown tuft that covered her pubic mound. I cleared my throat softly to let her know I had joined her, then reached out to gently cup her left breast. 

She smiled slightly as she finished rinsing the shampoo from her hair, then opened her eyes. "Even after 17 years you still just have to see me naked and in the shower, don't you?" She teased.

"You bet," I replied. "And the more often the better."

She giggled and nudged her way past me to the back of the shower, where she picked up a razor. I ducked under the showerhead as she bent away from me to apply shaving gel to her legs. I couldn't take my eyes off her still tight ass as she slowly moved the razor upward over her calf, but I didn't reach out to touch her: Not with a razor in her hand.

By the time I had soaped up, shampooed, and rinsed off, she had finished shaving, and was waiting for me to move so she could rinse off. I moved to the back of the shower and she again nudged her way past me. I held her long enough for a quick kiss before I stepped out of the shower to dry off.

I had finished drying off and dressing by the time she emerged from the bathroom, naked, still toweling her hair. As she approached me with a smile on her face, I couldn't help but notice that she had trimmed her pubic hair into the shape of a heart. 

"Well, what do you think?" She asked with a broad grin.

"I love it!" I chuckled. 

"Well, I like to surprise you every now and then..."

"If you're lucky, maybe you can surprise someone else this weekend," I suggested.

Grabbing her hair drier and heading back toward the bathroom, she turned to look at me over her shoulder. "We'll just have to see what happens, won't we?" I couldn't help but smile as she wiggled her ass at me as she stepped into the bathroom once again.

Lisa and I have been married for 17 years, and we've been in the Lifestyle for about 10 of those years. While we do like to play with other couples, her main interest is still in playing with several men at once. She has long fantasized about being the center of attention for 5-7 men. So far it has basically remained a fantasy, as finding suitable candidates for such an adventure is more difficult than one would expect. And even if you do find 5-7 suitable men, getting that many people together at the same place, at the same time is even more difficult.

Lisa emerged from the bathroom looking ravishing as usual, her make-up applied tastefully, and her hair neatly combed back from her face. I sat in a chair to the side of the room, and we discussed dinner plans as I watched her dress. She started with a black lace bra and panty set, with satin panels that covered her breasts and pubic area. She laid them out at the foot of the bed, then pulled a black lace garterbelt and sheer black stockings from her bag. I sat in silence as she first put on the garterbelt, then the stockings. She pulled the panties up over her shapely hips, the put on her bra.

She smiled at me sweetly as she noticed that I was watching her dress, then turned to the closet. Taking a blue and white floral print sundress from the closet, she pulled it over her head and pulled the hem down over her hips. The dress was slit up to the hip on both sides, giving the casual observer a great view of her legs with each step she took.

Stepping out of the elevator and walking through the lobby toward the restaurant, I saw several men look at my wife appreciatively. I couldn't help but be filled with pride as several sets of eyes wandered over her body as we made our way into the restaurant. Once seated at our table, I told her that several men had been watching her. She just smiled and gave me a wink as she picked up her menu.

Once finished with dinner, Lisa excused herself to the ladies room as I paid our check. As I stood there waiting my turn, I noticed the Corporal and the Sergeant we had spoken with earlier making their way toward the counter to pay their bill as well. 

"Man, it sure is nice to have real food again," the Corporal was saying as they stepped up next to me.

"I imagine you guys will never be able to look another MRE in the face again," I added.

"No kidding!" Chuckled the Sergeant. "My system is going to revolt against me until I get used to being back in the real world. Now all I need is to get settled in at my new unit and find a girlfriend."

"Girlfriends are nice, I guess, but they can be such a pain," Lisa said as she stepped up next to me. "Young men like you need to sample around and not settle on any one girl for a few more years." I laughed and rolled my eyes at the Corporal as Lisa smiled at both of them. "So, what plans do you have for your first night of freedom in over a year?"

"We were thinking about just having a drink or two in the lounge, then hitting the rack," replied the Corporal. "I know I'm still tired from all of the air travel, debriefings, and paperwork we've done in the last few days. I'd like to just relax and do nothing for a while."

"Same here," added the Sergeant.

"Well, we were thinking about having a drink or two ourselves," Lisa said. I wondered when we had thought about that, finally getting the idea that Lisa had more than just a drink or two with these two soldiers on her mind. "Would you like to join us? We're buying the first round."

The two men exchanged looks, and then the Sergeant answered for them both. "Sure, that sounds like fun."

We paid our dinner checks, then Lisa took each soldier by the arm, walking between them, and half led them toward the lounge with me following from behind. She put a little extra swing in her hips and looked back at me over her shoulder as we made our way to the lounge.

We found a booth in a quiet corner of the lounge. Lisa scooted into the booth and the soldiers both tried to scoot in beside her from the right side. Grabbing a chair from a nearby empty table, I told them, "Just put her in the middle. I'll sit here.

They looked at me as I pulled the chair up to the end of the table and sat down. The Sergeant got up and moved around me and sat down to the left of my wife. She smiled at me with approval as we all settled in. 

"First things first," I said after the cocktail waitress had taken our orders. "My name's Matthew, and this is Lisa."

They introduced themselves as Tom, the Corporal, and Jeremy, the Sergeant. We all shook hands applied the usual, "Pleased to meet you," comments. 

Jeremy was the taller of the two, standing at least 6' 2" tall to Tom's 5'9". Both had close-cropped blonde hair, but Jeremy's eyes were a vivid blue, versus Tom's more gray eyes. Both were clean-shaven, but it appeared that Tom had just recently shaved off a rather out of regulation mustache. Both men were very obviously in shape, but you could see a sense of weariness in both of them. They had obviously been through a lot in the last couple of days.

The cocktail waitress delivered our drinks, and we settled into the booth, making small talk. As we chatted, I noticed that Lisa was paying particular attention to Jeremy, and that she had scooted just a bit closer to him than she had to Tom. 

We discovered they were all on their way to an army post about 200 miles from our home town, and that the airline foul-up had been a mixed blessing. While the entire group had been tired of traveling, none of them were particularly eager to sleep in a barracks when they could have a night of relative luxury in a hotel room instead.

Jeremy told us that while he wasn't officially in charge of any of the others, he had more or less gently taken charge of them. He figured his experience in the army would help the whole group get settled for the night, then make it back to the airport when the airline finally had a flight for them.

"Where are the other guys?" Lisa asked, almost as if she had just been reminded that they were missing.

"They went to get a pizza," Tom answered. "They're going to join us here pretty soon. They should be here any minute."

"We'll have to remember to leave room for everyone," Lisa smiled at me.

The lounge was rather quiet for a Friday night. Five or six other couples occupied tables scattered throughout the lounge, and several men, and a couple of women sat at the bar, some of them watching a baseball game on the bar's television, while others chatted.

"Too bad there's not a band tonight," Lisa said. "I'd like to do a little dancing."

The guys looked at each other as I said, "We have a radio in the room. We can dance a bit later up there if you want."

"I know the kind of dancing you want me to do," she smiled. "I mean the kind of dancing I can do in public."

Tom almost choked on his drink as he laughed outloud. Jeremy seemed to blush just perceptibly as he got her joke. An awkward silence settled over the table as we each digested Lisa's comment. At that moment, the other four troops appeared from the lobby, and stepped into the lounge, looking for Tom & Jeremy.

Jeremy stood up and waved to them. One of the PFCs saw him and signaled for the other guys to follow him. They gathered around the booth and Jeremy made the proper introductions. The other Corporal was named Barry. He introduced the privates as Joe, Eric, and Mike. Lisa smiled at each one as she shook their hands. Tom and Jeremy scooted into the booth further to give them enough room to sit down. 

The cocktail waitress arrived as Barry and Eric slid into the booth next to Jeremy, while Mike and Joe slid into the booth next to Tom. With drinks ordered, Lisa smiled at me even broader than before as her hips were forced into contact with both Jeremy and Tom. She was already enjoying the close quarters, and the newcomers hadn't even gotten their drinks yet.

Two or three separate, quiet conversations started once everyone was seated. As we chatted, repeating a lot of the small talk we had gotten out of the way previously for the benefit of the newcomers, drinks were delivered. With everyone settled into the booth, I kept an eye on Lisa as I chatted with Joe and Mike. I noticed Lisa's left hand left the tabletop several times as she chatted with Jeremy. She would momentarily place her hand on his knee as she made an especially emphatic point. At first he looked over at me when he felt her hand, but as I didn't seem to mind, he soon stopped looking my way.

Eric noticed my wife's hand and nudged Barry. He looked briefly, then looked up at me. I was still in conversation with Joe and Mike, but I could see them out of the corner of my eye. Barry shrugged his shoulders and leaned closer to Eric. I couldn't hear what was said, but I imagine it was something along the line of I hadn't seen what my wife was doing.

During a lull in my conversation with Joe and Mike, Lisa turned to them and repeated her statement that she wished there were a band so she could dance. I didn't remind her about the radio this time. As she smiled brightly at Joe and Mike, I noticed her hand resting on Jeremy's thigh, ostensibly to aid in her turning to talk to Mike and Joe. Jeremy looked uncomfortable for just a few seconds, but when I didn't react at all, he relaxed visibly. Lisa leaned in close to Tom as she spoke to Joe and Mike, pressing her breasts into his right arm. While he didn't react visibly, I knew he couldn't help but feel her.

Finishing his only drink, Eric suddenly stood up an announced that he was sorry to have to end the party so soon, but he was very tired, and was going to head for his room. Lisa looked very disappointed as Joe and Mike decided to call it a night early and head upstairs themselves. As the three of them stood up, Lisa shook each hand and wished them a good night. Her left hand never left Jeremy's thigh.

"Well, that leaves just the five of us," she commented to no one in particular. "That's ok, we can still have a good time without them."

"What did you have in mind, Sweety?" I asked innocently.

"Well, I was thinking about that radio. I really would like to dance."

The guys looked at each other, then at me for guidance. I just shrugged my shoulders. Jeremy started to say something, then stopped himself. Finally throwing caution to the wind, he spoke.

"Ok, just what's going on here?"

Lisa removed her hand from his thigh. "Is something wrong?"

"Ever since we sat down, you've been hinting that you'd like to get us up to your room. What's going on?"

Lisa motioned for Jeremy to lower his voice, and we all leaned in toward the center of the table at her direction. "What's going on here, Sergeant, is I'm trying to get into your pants." Lisa stated flatly.

Jeremy blushed visibly as he looked up at me. I just returned his stare and nodded.

"We swing," Lisa explained, "and I love fucking several men at the same time. That's what's going on, here. I want to fuck. The question is, do you?"

Barry chuckled into his glass as he took a sip of his drink.

"You too, Corporal," my wife added. She turned to Tom and said, "All of you. Including the three who just left."

Jeremy held his gaze on me as if waiting for me to say something. I decided to let him off the hook. "She's serious. She's not a tease. She's never been quite this direct, but she's a big girl who knows what she wants. It's your choice."

He looked back to Lisa and his eyes traveled over her body. "Well?" She asked, placing her hand back on his thigh, her other hand traveling over to Tom's thigh as Jeremy watched. She then reached over to palm his crotch at the same time her left hand slid over to Jeremy's.

Jeremy looked back over to me and I smiled. He suddenly chuckled and said, "Your room or mine?"

The tension finally cleared, we all laughed. "Let's go to ours. We have two king-sized beds." She suggested.

I stood up as they slid out of the booth. Leaving the tip for the cocktail waitress on the table, we headed out of the lounge, across the lobby, and into the elevator. As I pressed the button for our floor, I asked Tom what floor the other three guys were on. He told me and I pushed that button as well. A soon as the doors closed, Lisa snuggled closer to Jeremy. She wrapped her arm around him and motioned for Tom to come to her other side. As the elevator began moving upward, Lisa leaned over and kissed Tom deeply, her had traveling down to his ass and squeezing it gently.

By the time we reached the floor the other three guys were staying on, Lisa was kissing Jeremy as both he and Tom held and massaged my wife's breasts through her dress. Being the odd man out, Barry volunteered to go get the other three soldiers. I told him our room number and that he might want to tell them to hurry up. "From the look of things, she'll be naked before our room door is completely closed."

Lisa moaned into Jeremy's mouth as the elevator door closed. I looked back over to the threesome and discovered that Tom had found the slit in Lisa's dress and was taking full advantage of it. His hands roamed freely under her dress, gently squeezing and massaging her buttocks through her black lace panties. They suddenly stopped and straightened themselves out as the elevator stopped on our floor and the door opened.

We practically ran to our room. Lisa was breathing heavily, and not from the quick walk to our door, as I unlocked the door. We stepped into our room with Lisa leading Tom and Jeremy by the hand. She reached the foot of one of the beds and stopped. Turning to face Tom, she resumed kissing him as Jeremy found the zipper to her dress.

Tom's hands kept busy by unclasping Lisa's bra as Jeremy guided her dress down her legs to the floor. As my wife kicked off her shoes, stepped out of her dress, and shrugged her shoulders out of her bra, I collected the clothes and tossed them onto the bed we wouldn't be using. As I tugged my shirt over my head, I remembered our digital camera. I dug through the chest of drawers for the camera bag and turned on the camera just in time to hear the sound of keys and change in the pockets of a pair of pants hitting the floor.

I turned around with the camera to see that Jeremy's pants were around his feet, and Lisa was kissing him deeply as she rubbed his growing cock through his underwear. For his part, Tom's clothes were already in a pile in the corner of the room, and he was guiding my wife's panties down over her tight little ass, and down her stocking-clad legs. As Lisa stepped out of her panties, Tom leaned forward and kissed each cheek of her ass. He stood up behind her and ground his now erect cock into my wife's ass. She moaned into Jeremy's mouth.

Reaching behind her, she took the length of Tom's cock in her hand and stroked it gently. Breaking the kiss with Jeremy, she moaned, "Hmmm I can't wait to feel that inside me."

Lisa leaned forward and gave Jeremy's cock a quick kiss through his underwear, giving Tom free access to her now very wet pussy from behind. As my wife took hold of the waistband of Jeremy's underpants, Tom looked at me for guidance. I made a "feel free to enjoy" gesture and brought the camera up to my eye. I clicked the shutter just as Lisa freed Jeremy's cock, and groaned as the first three inches of Tom's cock penetrated her.

I watched the three of them as Lisa took Jeremy's thick cock between her lips and Tom plunged his cock into her from behind. Lisa has always been proud of her oral skills, and Jeremy's prodigious tool offered her a challenge. His cock was at least 9 inches long, and easily 2 inches thick at the widest point. I know Lisa likes big cocks, so she was going to really enjoy this, I thought to myself as I lined up another shot and clicked the camera's shutter.

Tom was no slouch either. He held my wife's hips and drove his cock into her to the hilt over and over, shifting her body forward with each thrust, and driving even more of Jeremy's cock into her mouth. She was moaning around the thick member in her mouth just as I heard a quiet knock on the room door.

I stood behind the door as I opened it just a crack, just in case it wasn't the people we were expecting. I saw Eric standing just outside, so I opened it to let them in. "Barry said you wanted to see us, Sergeant..." He said as they filed into the room and froze when they saw what was happening.
