 Reef's bladder was ballooning out and his staff a quarter past half-mast when he fluttered his eyes open. With two hot naked ladies snuggled up against him he should have felt like he was in heaven. Instead, he was desperate to separate himself from them, drain his bladder and close the bloody curtains that were allowing rays to attack his bleary eyes. Gently, he crawled off the bed and sprint-walked to the restroom. Once his bladder was empty, life started to look pearly. Silently, he crept out to the bedroom, closed the blinds tightly and wiggled back into bed.

Jenna was snoring healthily, but Amber was tossing about. As he lay there, Amber rolled up against his side. He could feel her nipples against his ribs. During his moment urinating, he'd noticed his cock was indeed sore, but early delivery of T had his unit firm. When Amber's breast poked him, his dick took notice and enlarged itself. A few minutes later, with Reef just on the cusp of falling back into dreamland Amber moved on top of him.

At first, she just laid on him. Her nipples felt hard against his chest as she slowly pushed her mound downwards trapping his Johnson between her and his belly. Reef laid there. It seemed surreal. As time walked on, Amber started to rub her slit up and down Reef's hard shaft. Using its warm firmness as a self-pleasuring tool. Neither spoke. Ultimately, Amber slid her slit up high, used one hand to aim Reef's cock then glided down until his unit was fully engulfed.

Amber would move up and down for a minute then lay still. Reef felt like he was dipping in and out of sleep with both states incredibly sweet. During one of these segments, Amber road him for a bit and obviously climaxed. She brought her lips up to Reef's ear and whispered, "I feel perfect right now. Like nothing could ever get better and just want to stay connected like this forever." Reef didn't respond. Amber continued her intermittent ride. At some point he did drift off, but when he awoke hours later Amber remained on top of him with his penis still buried in her. Silently, he agreed with her notion that the connection did seem perfect and with a smile he drifted off again.

"Sleepyhead, are you going to sleep all day? You can at least see us off," Jenna announced with a loud soft voice as she tugged the blankets off him.

"Come on stud muffin. Up, up, up. Maybe we can get you to change your mind and join us," Amber teased.

Reef ignored them for a bit, until laughter sprung from his lips. "You two think of me napping while standing in those day long lines. You both look nice. I'll make some coffee for you and whip up a light breakfast," he answered as he rose up, stood and stretched. Both girls' eyes wondered to his penis and made them lust for a bit of his attention. Instead, he walked into the kitchen naked, fired up a kettle of water and rummaged through the frig.

The girls followed with repeated lines advising he could just go back to sleep as they were teasing, and their ride would be there in twenty minutes. He ignored them and scrambled up a half-dozen eggs mixed in with parmesan, salsa and spinach. As it cooked, he toasted a few English muffins and outfitted the pour over with fresh grounds.

Amber and Jenna both wore thigh-length sundresses with spaghetti straps. The outfits would help keep them cool and their youthful bodies looked quite sexy. "I'm going to finish putting on my make-up. Let me know if you need help with anything," Amber stated as she dashed away.

Once Amber was gone, Jenna walked up to Reef and stood beside him. "Can we talk?"

"About what? Stir the eggs please, they burn easily," he requested while chopping up two avocados.

"I was pretty drunk and high last night."

"I think we all were. Stir a little faster and take the pan off the heat in thirty seconds."

"No. This is kind of embarrassing, but I think some of the stuff I told you last night was more the pot talking and not me."

"Like when you were talking about your favorite colors?"

"What?"

"I'm teasing. You seemed pretty coherent."

"I don't do those kinds of things. It was fun, but I'm just a one-man kind of woman."

"Get over here," Reef barked out. Quickly, Jenna left the stove and walked up to Reef. He grabbed her shoulders firmly and pulled on them until his lips met hers. Recklessly, he kissed her while fondling her bottom.

"Your body spoke wildly last night. It doesn't lie." With these words out, Reef forcibly pressed his lips to hers, then used one hand to hike up her dress and dive down her thong. "I bet your pussy is going to be swollen and dripping with passion the whole time you're in California."

"Reef, shit. Amber might see you," Jenna replied as one of her feet drifted sideways to provide him with better access.

"She might and it would probably cause her to join us. Instead of Disneyland, we could invite a few friends over and you could be the main ride."

"Reeffff," Jenna puffed out her breathing already growing heavy.

"Was your pussy soaked or is the idea of such getting it excited?" Jenna didn't respond but instead glued her lips to his and raised one knee up and out to rest it on the counter so her lips could blossom.

"Don't forget. You promised to be my slut for life."

"Ok," Jenna whispered. "Do you want me to stay here so you can fuck me?"

"No. Go have your amusement. I've some important work I need to finish so not having distractions will help." He disengaged his fingers from her and eased her raised foot to the ground. Then he raised up the hem of her dress and slid her thong down to her ankles. You can leave these here, along with your bra. Silently, Jenna removed her undergarments and handed them to Reef who stuck them in a drawer. "Help me fork the egg mixture on the muffins, and I'll follow behind with the avocados cubes." They accomplished their mission, and Reef sprinkled pepitos and cayenne pepper on the tops. "Can you plate these and set them on the table. I'll get coffee ready for everyone."

"What can I do?" Amber asked as she reappeared. Her made up face did send a zing through the head of Reef's sex organ. Her curly dark strands made her light blue eyes pop, while the thin sundress looked like it should be delicately licked off her.

"Why don't you start eating. You both like cream and sugar in your coffees?" Simultaneously, they responded affirmatively.

"If you're not going to wear a bra then I'm not going to either," Amber spoke out before her first bite. She reached around and ten seconds later tossed her bra up on the table. Her nipples were firm and noticeable.

"Aren't you two a slice of temptation?" Reef noted as he walked up behind Amber and slid his paws over her firm tits.

"We can stay," she offered as Reef took one hand and used it to fondle one of Jenna's tits. While doing this, Amber used one of her hands to massage his junk. It responded.

"No," he answered as he stepped away. "I have to get a few things done and it won't happen with you two heavenly creatures available for fun." He heard a loud hunk and knew their ride was here. "Just take the muffins in your hands and I'll pour your coffee into a paper cup. One of you go let him know you're one the way out."

Reef grabbed two coffee mugs, while Jenna blew him a kiss and headed out the front door. As her poured the coffee into waxed paper cups, Amber stood behind him and returned her palm to his shaft.

"Are you sure I can't tempt you? Someone's lovely penis wants me here." She bent over and quickly took the head of Reef's cock into her mouth. Begrudgingly, he eased her away.

"Here are your coffees. Go! I'll see you both this evening and we can entertain ourselves to many a plump orgasms."

"Last chance," Amber advised as she raised up her dress and flashed him.

"Why don't you leave those panties here as a souvenir?"

"Ok." She whipped them off and placed them in his hand. "Be ready for us." Amber glided her lips to his. The two intimately kissed. When it ended, she took a long swim in his eyes. "Reef, I love. I love being here with you." She kissed him deeply again, before dashing off. He'd been caught off guard.

The girls couldn't believe it took two hours to get to the amusement park. Countless texts later, Reef got them to admit the long haul took much of the fun out of their adventure. After the ladies left, Reef raced through a shower and zipped off to a small private airport. Fifteen minutes later, he joined his client in a helicopter and flew up to the Bay Area. He had two hours to evaluate three players, then a few more hours to forward his recommendations. There was a fair chance a big trade could jolt the evening news.

At five his report was finalized, and as he thought, the six o'clock news went into a breaking headline special. The girls were still at the park. They'd sent countless selfies, many displaying their sexual treats. Reef grabbed a board and spent an hour catching waves. A perfect wind down. As the sun waved goodbye with a pink ray, Reef exited the sea and headed to a cantina for an IPA. There he ran into Anna and Sunshine, also enjoying a bevvie. They chatted for half an hour, he asked about their plans and free time then left. He returned to the girls' rental. They were on their way home, but at least an hour away and starving.

He ordered several different types of tacos from El Cotorro, and while waiting for their delivery stepped outside. The evening had cooled, and the temperature was perfect. He tossed off his clothes and jumped into the pool for a few laps. A bit later, he heard a loud hello and looked up. Claudia stood there and was waiving at him.

"I heard you splashing. Earlier, I stopped by, but no one was here. Just wanted to grab our stuff from last night. Do you mind?"

"Not at all," Reef answered as he pulled his nude body out. Claudia's eyes drifted to his penis. "Don't mean to embarrass you."

"Not at all. It's not like I haven't seen it or well played with it before. Just surprised me. Are you guys doing fine? Wanted to make sure everyone was fine after last night. I think Carl is beside himself. Never dreamed of bedding such a beauty."

"Ha! Good for him. Yes, all good. I got some work in today, while the girls hit up the rides at the mouse-eared palace. And you?"

"Very good. The play last night was spontaneous, exhilarating and long overdue. Although I about burnt out my vibrator after I got home," Claudia advised. She had taken a seat on the deck and was trying inadvertently to admire Reef's body.

Reef was fairly buzzed when he was with her the night before. He recalled a nice-looking lady, but was a bit concerned he might have viewed her through a pair of booze goggles. Her shape was nice, and her face more attractive then he recalled. If alone with her on an island, life wouldn't be so bad.

"Carl still isn't back from his expedited trip to the office. We were supposed to leave much earlier, but I'm not surprised. It's a familiar pattern, and when he does walk out of his office, he's great at leaving it all behind and focusing on the adventurer ahead. I was going to leave a few joints for you all. Would you like to share one with me now?"

"Sure. My work is done for a spell. Just waiting for food and the girls to return. Sounds great actually." The two sat outside and smoked half the legal green. Their conversation came to halt as the buzz crept up on them. Occasionally, they looked at each other and giggled.

"We weren't this quiet last night, were we?" Claudia asked.

"No. Perhaps we were a touch preoccupied."

"God, I was sexually intoxicated. When I got home, I wore out the batteries on my vibrator."

"Really? You don't say," Reef teased noting she'd forgotten her disclosure moments ago.

"Yes. Remember, the two studs were drained, and I was the odd lady out."

"Ahh, yes. Clearly, a failure of epic proportions," Reef mumbled out, followed by a laugh. "Can I ask you something serious?"

"Sure. I'll give an answer as serious as a high lady can," Claudia answered.

"Are Carl and you swingers, or in an open relationship and like what do you think of it?"

"Hmm. We probably fit into the swinger category, but we just say we're in the lifestyle. Occasionally, we have sex with others if we both agree. I enjoy watching him get off, and my anatomy just isn't the best match for his anatomy. Who knows what determines how one is built down there. Jenna is at best a medium build, and she sure seemed to love being stuffed."

"Do you get jealous?"

"Of course. I was quite jealous of Amber and Jenna yesterday. Although I sure enjoyed playing with them," Claudia replied with a smile. "It's kind of fun having you naked. Your penis is a great size. I love medium, and obviously I'm high. Shit, how many times have I said that in the last few minutes?"

"But do you get jealous when you see Carl with other women?"

"Hell no. At first, I thought I might. The opposite happened. It made me horny as hell. Do you have a razor here?"

"No. Why?" responded Reef.

"I want to shave you. You'll look crazy sexy."

"One of the girls has one in the shower."

"Do you mind?"

"I'll try it."

"Just stay right there. I'm going to grab the razor, some warm towels and a few other items." A few minutes later, Claudia returned with an armful of goodies.

"Claudia, has anyone ever told you that you look like ..."

"Eva Longoria? I get it all the time. It's kind of funny, use to bug me, but now I just take it as a compliment. Actually, got this Bob cut to look different. Not so effective apparently." Reef noticed her nipples had hardened as their tips stood out firmly and it was hard not to focus on them. "I'm going to trim your hair first with the scissors, then I'll shave the rest off. Why don't you just lay down why I do this."

Reef laid back, supporting his head with his arms. He definitely felt the buzz and was now contemplating how it would feel to be bald down below. Fuck it, he didn't care. Claudia meticulously trimmed his pubic area, yet carefully avoided touch his junk. "Do you trim Carl?"

"No. He goes to a shop and has it waxed. Think he goes regularly as the proprietor of the place is damn cute. I'm going to put a hot wet towel on your pubic area. It will loosen up your hair follicles and the moisture will make the lather work better." Reef enjoyed the feel of the warm towel and a minute later Claudia was delicately shaving away all hair from his privates.

"Finished. How does it feel?"

"Different. And it looks a touch larger." He didn't confide that he could now feel the slightest breeze down there and it sent tingles throughout his unit. However, with very little contact his prick was now half erect.

"I'm going to rub a little coconut oil on it to minimize any razor burn and you should wear baggy underwear or just nothing at all. It fits you."

"It doesn't seem very fitting when you're fully dressed," Reef replied as Claudie initiated the oil application. She gently rubbed his balls, stroked his shaft up and down then used her thumb to massage the head of his cock. When she was finished, he was fully erect.

"You get my vote for a perfect penis. It looks great and rather desirable." She next surprised Reef by straddling his body and lowering herself down onto him but was careful to push his shaft down to prevent penetration. "I love to slide my slit up and down a man's firm shaft. It's easy for me to cum that way and technically its not penetration." With her words out, Claudia started to slowly move her quim up and down Reef's length.

"Mind if we get you naked too?"

"No problem." Claudia grabbed the hem of her sundress, pulled it up over her head and tossed it aside. She had nothing on underneath. "Does it feel different when I press down on it?"

"Definitely more sensitive. Very erotic."

"It feels great to me." Claudia was moving her hips at a more rapid clip as she ground her clit down. She bent over and brought her face to Reef's. "Kiss me!"

The two exchanged a long sloppy wet lip lock. When Claudia pulled away, it was because of her swift breathing and escalating moans. "This is good. I can, mmm shit, I can almost always cum doing this." Her grinding was getting faster, and Reef's pole was coated in her juices. His hands migrated down to her bum, latched onto them and pulled her downwards. Desperately, he wanted to plow into her, but respected her limitation.

"Ohh gosh, ohhh my gosshhh. I'm cumminggg," Claudia muttered into Reef's ear. She lay still for a moment, catching her breath. Then slowly her hips resumed their dance.

"Ready to go again?"

"Yeah. I can cum over and over for a while. This time her hips whirled into action much quicker. The moisture from her orgasm and lubricant enabled her to glide up and down at a greater speed. It also caused the tip of Reef's manhood to dip past her inner lips. The second time this happened, he locked his fingers into her buttocks and with a hard-swift move thrust upwards fully penetrating her.

"Ooops," Claudia responded. "That was an accident. Doesn't count." Promptly she dismissed the event and continued on her journey until another orgasm rocked her body. "Haaaahhh. That one was more intense. I should warn you. This form of pleasure is something I could indulge in all day." Again, her pelvis geared up so her bald pussy could ride Reef's stubbornly firm dick.

The juices flowing from their near copulation caused her to slide off her course a few times with the result being a brief stint of penetration. She was close to another eruption, when a serendipitous entrance again occurred. This time Reef had his hands on her shoulders, reflectively her pulled down on them while thrusting upwards. It resulted in a balls deep penetration.

"Ohh sweetness that feels amazing." The smooth velvet touch of her love box prompted Reef to start thrusting steadily. Claudia slowly sat up, keeping his staff inside. "Look at how well we fit together," she stated as she leaned back to support herself with her hands while providing Reef with an unobstructed view of their joined genitalia. With a splash of haste, she started to dip her hips up and down. "Remember, this is only a fantasy. We're not really fucking. Ohhh, another is almost here. Ohhh fuck fuckkk fuckkkk," Claudia sang out as she pulled one of her hands to her clit and massaged it freely.

Reef placed his hands on Claudia's hips and was whipping his cock up into her vigorously. He could feel his balls tingling and new he was close. Her last orgasm raised his libido multiple notches. Just as he thought his nuts would explode, the doorbell rang out maliciously.

"Fuck!! The food is here. I'm close." Despite his assertions, Claudia rose up off him, located her sun dress and pulled it over herself.

"I'll let them in. It's a good thing. Carl is fixed, and I've zero protection. Two more seconds and I would have been begging for you to hose me down with your semen. We can get together later." She walked inside and headed to the front door. Her departure caused Reef to dash inside, find a robe from the prior evening and wrap it around him. When he ventured into the kitchen, Claudia was busily chatting with two delivery guys.

"Oh, here he is now. No doubt his ears were burning. Honey, can you take care of the bill. I'm going to finish up in the restroom." Promptly she departed from the direction Reef came.

"Just a second. Let me grab my wallet." Reef wondered back to the master bedroom, found his wallet and pulled out a few bills. On his way back, he spotted Claudia sitting patiently on the sofa. She signaled him over and whispered that Carl had sent a text that he was on his way home, so she needed to leave. Reef reacted to this news by pulling up her dress and working his fingers into her honey.

"Reef. No. I can't." Her legs opened, sending a different message as his fingers pierced her swollen lips. "Bastard. You have me so horny I can't think straight." She pulled opened his robe and glued her lips to his twitching head. Several bobs later, he withdrew his tool from her warm lips and secured his robe tightly.
