 Just before the crack of dawn, Reef was jostled awake as Amber left the bed to find the restroom. Beside him, Jenna was snoring lightly. He rolled over to the warm vacant spot abandoned by Amber and realized his morning erection was already an event. When Amber returned, she used the light from her iphone to guide her. After spotting Reef in her area, she nudged him gently to make some space. Lackadaisically, he rolled back to the middle as Amber held up the blankets and sheet. As he repositioned himself onto his back, his dick stood up firmly causing a refreshing of Amber's lust. Again, she nudged him, but this time to move back towards her. Without question he did, closed his eyes and sought to return to dream land.

Amber decided to take him elsewhere. She kneeled next to his hips and took his head into her warm wet mouth. With no rush, she started to bob her head up and down, slowly taking his cock further and further in. Reef thought he was dreaming a delightful dream that felt incredibly real. It wasn't until Amber straddled his hips and lowered herself down while guiding his tool up into her that he chose to crack open one eye. Immediately, a smile sprouted from his lips.

With a finger glued to her lips, Amber indicated he should remain silent as she started to glide up and down his length. Sleepily, Reef reached out and fondled her tits. He was in dreamland. A blue-eyed goddess was smiling at him while tickling his penis with the pink velvet of her pussy. Her movements felt angel like. She looked much too beautiful to be riding his old wave thrashed body, thus forcing his smile to grow. Eventually, her hip movements became more rapid. She transitioned from sitting up, to laying her chest on him as her hips gyrated about. This allowed for Reef to whisper into her ear as he squeezed her firm bum.

"This is an amazing way to greet the day," Reef seductively whispered into her ear.

"I know. Pull my ass down harder. I like it deep." As he forced her hips down, he thrust his cock up firmly. "Yesss. Ohh, that's good."

"Someone wake up with something on their mind?"

"I just know sex in the morning is a little different and special. Oahhh, therrreee," Amber moaned. "Those early morning rounds, ohh, yesss, mooorreee, produce a lot of cum."

"You're a bit more into sex then I thought."

"Is that a problem?" Amber asked as her hips started to palpitate near a reckless state.

"No. A blessing."

"Shut up and fuck me."

Amber's hips went into overdrive and awarded her efforts with a powerful orgasm. Her release didn't slow Reef down. With both of his paws on her rear, he thrust up repeatedly. When he slipped a finger into Amber's ass it brought out a deep moan.

Almost instantly, she started to fuck him anew. The two worked up a ferocious sweat as they went at each other.

"Fuckkk! Cumminggg!" Reef declared as he shot his dick up into her as far as possible. The pressure of his pubic bone on Amber's clit, combined with the feel of Reef's semen flooding her vagina resulted in Amber's second orgasm.

Afterwards, the two lay together. Reef's cock did not soften, so he sporadically pushed it up into her. "This is crazy. I'm such a bad girl."

"I'd strongly disagree," Reef replied as he again pushed his cock up into her embers. The two were quiet, not moving, just listening to the feelings their bodies were generating. "I've known you less than a day and all I want to do is lay in bed with you and have sex all day."

"Do you do this often?"

"What?"

"Hook up with girls you pick up on the beach?"

"Never more than once a week," Reef laughed quietly. Then added, "I'm too embarrassed to mention the last time I had sex. And I'm getting the feeling you two had this planned out the entire time."

"What happens on vacation, stays on vacation," Amber answered.

"I get it. In about five minutes, the alarm is going to wake up sleeping beauty over there. You still want to get wet, or we could all sleep in."

"No! If we both are able to stand-up during our goofy week here it will totally be the frosting on the shit. Wanna have a little fun?"

"What do you have in mind," Reef responded.

"Your cock is still fairly hard. Jenna is sleeping on her stomach. I'm going to sit just above her head then pull the sheet off her. I want you to carefully straddle her and push into her when the alarm goes off. When she raises up her head, I'm going to slide my vajayjay under her mouth. I think it needs some loving."

"You are a naughty youngster. She won't get mad?"

"No. She loves sex. Pretty much anytime, but I didn't tell you that."

"I'm game for the alarm fun. Last night, if someone asked who would have initiated this type of teasing, I'd have bet a million on Jenna," Reef confessed.

"We are all complex people. Oh, and Reef?"

"Yeah."

"Don't tempt me too much about laying in bed with you all day. I might just accept. And what would you do with me all day, every day?"

Reef didn't respond. He was a bit stunned by the implications of her last statement and convinced himself he misheard her. Amber didn't allow him more than a few seconds to think about her statement, as she quietly positioned herself. With her thighs outstretched, she wiggled her midsection just underneath Jenna's pillow. Then she lightly pulled away the blankets as Reef straddled Jenna's rear and stroked his cock to attain a solid erection.

Amber switched off the alarm clock, grabbed her phone and set the alarm to sound in ten seconds. She flipped it around, so Reef could see the countdown. With three seconds remaining, he pressed his slickened cockhead to Jenna's lips, just below the curve of her ass, and barely inserted it. When the ringer went off, he pressed it deeply into her.

"Wowww," Jenna sighed as the buzzing forced her eyes open. Reflexively, she shoved her butt back towards Reef. She'd slept poorly most of the night. Waking often, and despite her attempts to focus on boring events she kept returning to the previous days sex and what would transpire over the ensuing week. It had been impossible to keep her fingers away from her crotch. In the early morning hours, she'd final fallen into a deep sleep only to be awakened by the annoying alarm and then a blessed cock filling her.

She closed her eyes and enjoyed the sensation of Reef's penis gliding in and out of her. "That's far better than coffee," she mumbled. Her head then plopped onto the mattress as Amber yanked the pillow out from under her head. When Jenna eyes popped open, they were greeted with the pink creamy gash of her best friend. She couldn't help but sprout a surprised smile. They'd been friends for years, occasionally Amber would speak about sex, but never pursued a guy or girl. And now, a fun sex loving nymph had emerged.

"Taste me," Amber advised.

Promptly, Jenna flicked her tongue up and down Amber's slit before pushing it into her. Jenna brought up her fingers to further part Amber's puffy sex and requested Reef to place the pillow under her hips. With a smile she attached her mouth to Amber's clit area and started to hum Amber's favorite country song. Once Amber's pelvis started to lift and raise, Jenna screwed two fingers into her and pushed her friend over the edge.

"Ohhh fuck babe, fuckkk. Eat me. Yessss. I'm cummmiinngggg," Amber hissed. Her orgasm forced her head back against the wall, as one hand squeezed the blanket and the other firmly grasped Jenna's blonde curls. A glimmer of sweat coated her face, chest and breasts, while one thigh twitched repetitively.

The event stimulated Reef to increase the pace of his thrusting in an effort to bring a similar joy to Jenna. As Amber's orgasm faded, Jenna started to moan with each of Reef's thrusts. He dipped his thumb alongside his cock and used her moisture to coat Jenna's rear star. His thumb circled and massaged it for a spell, before he eased it into her.

"Oh yesss. I like that," Jenna ranted between heavy breaths. It planted the seed in Reef's mind that he should sample her ass during a later soiree. As the two continued their dance, Amber weaseled her way from under Jenna and repositioned herself down by Jenna's bottom.

"Have her spread her legs apart and turn her sideways. I want to kiss her while you're doing her," Amber requested. The couple changed positions to allow access for Amber's mouth. She didn't hesitate to attach her lips to Jenna's exposed clit and hummed some tune Reef didn't recognize. It was a dozy. With attention to both of her openings, Reef squeezing a breast and Amber sending wicked vibrations through her clit she erupted.

"Auuggghhhhhh, augghhhhh ohh fuckk. Fuck, fuck, fuck ... I'm ... now! Aohh-ohhHHH."

When Jenna's experience was over, Reef pulled his cock and thumb from her holes. After a short recovery, Jenna complained, "Aren't you going to finish?"

"Nah, had a hella of an orgasm a bit ago and we gotta go surf."

"I knew I tasted cum in Amber. Just thought it was left over from yesterday or something. Damn, Amber you already fucked him this morning?"

"Yeah. I was super horny and when I came back from the restroom, I saw he was erect so I enjoyed myself."

Reef lightly slapped both girls' asses as he climbed out of his bed. "Come on girls, get your suits on and let's go play with the ocean."

"We just have our bikinis. Will that work?" Amber asked.

"You'll be cold. I'll grab some extra towels and blankets." A few minutes later, Reef returned with a stuffed duffle bag. Plenty of towels, blankets and a tarp to toss on the sand, plus a thermos full of hot chocolate. Every ten minutes or so you guys should pop out, take a chill and warm up for the same amount of time. Cool?"

"Yeah. I'm so excited," Jenna announced.

"Let's get out of here. I'm still buzzing from this morning's fun and could easily get distracted again," Amber announced. The words sent a buzz through Reef's cerebellum. He didn't think ladies could ever be as horny as a guy, but these two were proving him wrong.

The threesome walked a few blocks down to the beach where Reef talked to them about reading waves, surf etiquette and had them work repeatedly on their pop-ups. While repeating Reef's recommended pop-up technique a few other surfers appeared and headed out for the waves. One approached them.

"Hey brah," a surfer called to Reef. "You giving lessons to shubies now?"

"Nah. These are my cousins. Flatlanders. Going to teach them why we love big blue so much."

"Those sticks are antiques. If you want the real deal let me know," and the guy headed off.

"Ignore him. He's a snake with aggro. The ocean and waves belong to no one. Sometimes you set up a priority, but it's gotta be cool. If anyone gives you shit, just wave if I'm not with you and let them know your Reef's cousins. It's all chill."

"Wow, and just like that I'm into incest," Jenna laughed.

"Give me a few more pop-ups. I texted a few friends too. They may show up a bit later. They're usually part of the dawn patrol, but they were worked up last night, so may be morning shy. I asked them to bring girlfriends as they'd probably be great at tipping you too. Ok, let's go get wet."

Amber's first thought as she entered the water was to declare the sport stupid and wrap herself up in the towels. It was cold, but once fully in her body seemed to adjust. In shoulder deep water, Reef had the ladies turn their boards inland and he gave them another set of instructions. Jenna went first, caught a small wave and got to her knees before toppling over. Amber didn't have any greater luck.

Reef moved in a bit closer and had the ladies try on smaller waves. This time with a hefty push from Reef the two girls both stood in and rode the wave to shore. It reminded Reef of the first time he surfed and when they made it back out their smiles were contagious.

"Oh my god, that is amazing. Did it look like we were going fast?" Amber rattled off in machine gun fashion.

"Faster than light," Reef answered. "Let's do it again." With the small waves the ladies made it up almost every time. Twenty minutes later, they were still exuberant, and also shaking. "Why don't you take the next wave without any push from me, then hang on the beach to warm up. Both of you are getting too cold. Except it sure does make your nipples look nice."

Amber and Jenna both responded by splashing water at Reef, then set up and paddled in catch a wave. He swam in, grabbed his board and headed out to surf. "I'll check in after a few rides."

The dry towels and hot chocolate seemed like a lifesaver. With time alone, it also gave Jenna and Amber time to chat. Both felt guilty about their carnal pleasures but agreed that since they'd already placed a foot in the pot, there was no need to stop. They also agreed that fucking a surfer beat the hell out of drunken snowflakes. This was followed by a spot of silence as the two gawked at Reef's surfing ability.

"It would be so cool after a few days of learning if we could catch just one of those waves he's on and ride it in. No fancy moves, just a sweet ride," Jenna stated.

"I think I'll stick to the little stuff.

Another ten minutes skipped by before Reef returned to the beach. "What are you ladies thinking?"

"About how horribly you've corrupted us, and what tourist spots we should skip to enjoy a little more of that corruption," Jenna advised.

Reef ignored her as he spotted a group of five approaching. "Hey brahs, sup dudes?" he yelled out loudly. Three guys and two girls walked up, all with small boards and decked out in half-suits. They exchanged greetings and Reef introduced the gang to his two new female friends.

The new group consisted of Greg, Sunshine, Anna, Foxy and Axel. Greg was of average height, brown curly hair and looked fit. The tan lanky blonde, with long hair was Sunshine, while Axel was short, blue-eyed and looked like a runner. Anna was stunning. A thin, small breasted ebony princess who, the girls thought, must be a model. And the last one was Foxy, a curvy redhead who exuded confidence.

"It looks like Reef's already got you wet. How'd it go?" Foxy asked.

"They did great. Both stood up."

"It's amazing. We never thought we'd ever surf," Amber added.

"Foxy and I might be able to give you a few more tips. I give lessons on the weekends in the southland," Anna noted.

"We can pay you," Amber advised.

"No. You're friends of Reef, so you're friends of mine. But I'll let you buy me a bevvie later. Well, maybe tomorrow. Afraid I'm still recovering."

"Thank you. I promise we'll get even somehow. At worst case, we'll send out a bushel of fresh corn," Jenna promised. The comment drew a chuckle form the crowd.

"How's it out there?" Sunshine asked Reef.

"Mahn, it's not going off at all," he answered.

"Fuck! I was hoping for some nice sets. The word about all the men in graysuits has really thinned it out down here."

The group chit-chatted for a bit, then headed out for some waves. Just before Reef swam off, Foxy asked him one more question. "Did you get them past the snappers?"

"Nah. But they're having fun."

"Leave it the professionals then. In a few days they'll be out bopping you," Anna declared. With a challenge hanging in the air, the group sipped back into the ocean. The guys heading further out, while the ladies focused on educating Jenna and Amber on catching larger waves. And lady luck prevailed, as towards mornings end, both "cousins" were regularly catching four footers without any assistance.

Shortly afterwards, the crew called it a day, but promised to meet the following morning for dawn patrol. When the two parties separated, Reef was blasted with questions about his friends, their relationships and the two girls. He avoided divulging many details and was content to call them cool pals who shared common interests and being happy.

The threesome returned to Reef's place to shower and eat a meal he prepared. Next, they relocated to the girls' pad and made plans for the rest of the day. A long nap was key, to be followed with shopping and an evening meal poolside. When they entered the vacation rental, all three undressed and collapsed in the master bedroom. The girls complained about their sore arms, so Reef explained what it meant to have noodle arms and they'd probably get a bit worse over their visit. This was followed with a moment of silence, interrupted only by a few snores.

Two hours later, the three woke up. Jenna started to fondle Reef's unit, but he discouraged her and promised her there would be more fun later. He dressed in a hurry and advised the ladies he had to run a few errands. In addition, he gave them a few places where they could shop for beach and tourist items that were within 15 minutes via a car riding service. Amber and Jenna had a brief discussion on what shops they wanted to visit but elected to tan by the pool for thirty minutes before departing. They gave Reef a goodbye kiss, donned their bikinis and retreated to the pool area.

Reef made a few quick searches on his phone and wrote down a couple of addresses. He was just about to head out the door to walk back to his place for a few items when the girls slid open the glass door and popped in with their hands covering their mouths.

"You are not going to believe this," Jenna exclaimed.

"Our neighbors, the cute couple I chatted with yesterday, are outside and doing it," Amber let out with a suppressed smile.

"Doing what?"

"Bumping uglies," Amber stated. "She's a moaner and went on about not putting it in to far as his cock is too big. Oh, shit we could barely keep from laughing."

"Why didn't you take a peek and see for yourselves?" Reef questioned.

Amber and Jenna looked at each other and mischievously smiled together. They tipped over to the sliding glass door and silently glided it open. The two slipped outside, while Reef stuck his head out the door. Sure enough, moans of pleasure were emanating from their neighbors' yard which brought a smile to his face.

The ladies tiptoed to a wooden table and carried it to the ivy coated wall. Jenna climbed up and took a quick peek, before getting off and helping Amber up. She watched for a moment and climbed down. The two, with hands over their mouths, returned inside.

"Oh, my gawd. He's huge," announced Jenna.

"It looks too big to be real, but I think it is. Imagine how that would feel inside you," Amber suggested.

"I think Jenna already has. At least based on how far her nipples are sticking out." Reef was correct in his prediction.

"Who wouldn't think about how it would feel after seeing it?" Jenna asked.

"I didn't. I totally get why she was telling him to go easy on her," Amber contributed.

"Oh, bullshit. You would definitely give it a ride. Miss innocent isn't so innocent I'm discovering." Jenna approached her friend and extended a finger to Amber's lips then slowly drew it down across both nipples and through the toe of her bikini. "I'd wager someone is even wet from the view."

"Well not me," advised Reef. "I'm off. Should be back in 2-3 hours. Have fun and, well, enjoy whatever you two decide to enjoy." He exited the house as the two friends continued to tease one another.

After Reef left, the girls ventured outside again, but were disappointed by the silence. They swam a few laps, tanned for an hour and went out shopping for beach items. Reef's outing was productive. His first stop was at a swimsuit shop that he knew carried a line of sensual bikinis. He managed to sneak a peek at their sizes earlier. In addition, he planned on stopping at an adult toy store for a few items. The last item on his list was to pick up a mountain of food, so he placed a to-go order at Tramonto—Reef's favorite Italian spot in the neighborhood. If all went well, he'd be back in a couple of hours to pick up the grub.

His next stop was inland. At the swimsuit shop, he picked up two rash guards for the girls, along with a sky blue micro bikini for Amber and a tan one piece, with a thong, for Jenna that matched her hair. Each item was just a touch sheer, except once wet they became completely sheer. Reef anticipated a little fun with these items.
