 Jenna advised they might skip the planned dawn patrol since the Disney expedition was arranged with the girls scheduled to be picked up at nine. Just the mention of the amusement park made Reef glad he was on this side of the orange curtain. "That's probably not a bad plan. You two will be tired when you escape from the largest human trap masterminded by a mouse," Reef advised.

"If we aren't getting up at five, then I might have a few more puffs. Care to join me?" Jenna inquired.

"Sure, but I'll pass on any more weed. I'm still humming pretty good."

"Thanks! I'll pull two robes from the closet. They are super soft."

Once robed up, the duo returned to the living room where Jenna had several toks. She seemed to enjoy the deep buzz. They took a seat in the living room on the couch, both facing each other.

"We've never done anything like this ever before," Jenna explained to Reef as she locked her eyes on his. "I don't want you getting the wrong impression, and I'm not complaining, it's just, this is going to need some processing. But that will come later. I'm not saying I want it to stop or anything. Actually, I'm looking to more wild stuff. Imagine what we could do if you were with us at Disneyland. Oh shit. I'm stoned and now I'm just rambling on. But seriously, I've never had group sex or even a threesome before. Ok, I'm shutting up now. Shit, I'm high." As she spoke Jenna fidgeted with the knot holding together her robe causing it to come undone.

Reef half listened to Jenna's rambling as in his own mind he was stunned by the week's events and that he had two hot young chics essentially at his sexual disposal. When Jenna's robe slid over to expose one breast, he thought he should grope it, alas his sexual desire was absent. "I haven't ever had this happen before either and I'm not complaining. Did you ever fantasize about this kind of play?"

"Like fucking two different men and two different women in the same day?" Jenna stated with a laugh. "Nope, can't say I have. I have watched porn of two guys taking a girl and that intrigued me, but I'd never have suggested it."

"What other things intrigue you?" Reef asked.

"I don't know. We're supposed to be good people and not talk about such, right?"

"Just intuitively smell it or something I guess."

"I told you a few things already. I've imagined what it'd be like to be a prostitute and tied up and used. Why does it take guys so long to recover?" Jenna inquired. 

"Biology must insist upon it to preserve our precious spermies."

"Ha, they are so precious you erupt and jet out a million or more. Maybe its proof God is female and gave us ladies her blessing to fuck profusely, while limiting the oh mighty men."

"You could be right. What intrigues you about being a prostitute?"

"I wouldn't want to actually do it, just pretend. Again, the control thing. There is something very erotic about letting go. I become a toy. The John tells me what to do and I'm required to do it in order to please him. Just thinking about it is making me tingle." As she explained herself, Jenna pulled up her knees to her chest. It exposed her crotch and she was hoping it might turn Reef on.

"How far would you go?"

"I don't know. I'm sure there would be some limit, so I'd want to do it with someone I trust."

"Would you take on two guys at once?"

"Of course. I did, tonight, didn't I?

"Yeah, but we weren't both fucking you," Reef replied.

"I'd do that," Jenna stated softly as her hand moved down between her legs.

"How about if a husband hired you to please his wife and himself?"

"Yes. That would be erotic."

"And what if they hired you to attend a party. Dressed you in erotic lingerie to serve the guests and later tied you to a bed, blindfolded you and let the guests play with you. Would that be too much?"

"It depends on how many people were there and what they could do," Jenna answered slowly.

"Five couples. Each of whom could have you as they want."

"Like full on sex?"

"Yes. Vaginal, anal and oral."

"And the women could have me too?" Jenna asked. Her fingers were circling around her upper vagina.

"The women could take you any way they wanted. With dildos, their tongues, sitting on your face or demanding for you to service their husbands at their direction."

"If I felt comfortable with them, then maybe."

"Show me how you masturbate with one hand inside your pussy and the other rubbing your clit." Jenna sucked on two of her fingers and moved them down. She pushed them inside and delicately started to twirl her fingers over her love button. Reef watched as Jenna slowly built up her rhythm. "Are you imagining someone fucking you?"

"Maybe," she answered. "Would you like that?"

"Perhaps. You seem to like sex with safe strangers. Can you imagine my friend Ron screwing you with his wide cock?"

"Yesss," Jenna responded as she added a third finger to her sex. "What would his wife be doing?" She asked while staring directly into Reef's eyes.

"Having his best friend strip naked, blowing him until he was as hard as granite then whispering for him to take your ass."

"Ohhh, no fair. I've let too much slip," Jenna sighed as she opened her thighs. Reef sat only four feet away and couldn't help but let his eyes slip down to her enflamed slit.

"Do you like being this sexual?"

"Yes. It's a turn on that we are talking, you watching me, and us discussing getting wild. I'm reserved around my boyfriend, so have never been this open in front of a guy before."

"I bet you'd like to entertain a few gentlemen right now. Let them take turns with you and using you for their pleasures."

"Jesus, being a slut sounds heavenly right now. Did you want to invite some friends over?" Jenna asked as her hips periodically pressed skyward while her fingers disappeared inside her.

"I think it's a little late right now. Would you like me to rub your pussy?"

"I'd love that," Jenna whispered back.

"Let me get a little something," Reef responded as he popped up and dashed to the spare bedroom. From the bag of goodies, he pulled out the clit vibrator and returned to the sofa.

"What's that?"

"You'll see," Reef replied as he sat down and pulled on Jenna's legs until her bottom rested between his thighs. Once situated she opened her legs and presented her sex to him. Reef danced his fingers around her opening and easily thread two fingers up into her gash. He slid them in and out rapidly causing her to moan frantically. Next, he flipped a button on the toy and brought its small donut like head above her clit and pressed it down. Instantly, the licking like movement combined with wanton vibrations caused Jenna's legs to twitch. When Reef started forcing his fingers in and out while also stroking her G spot, Jenna lost it and came loudly.

"Fuck!! That's the fastest intense orgasm I've ever had. What is that thing?"

"Just a toy," Reef replied as he moved around so one knee was near her bottom, the other foot on the floor as he placed Jenna's ankle over his far shoulder. Without any notice, he pushed two of his fingers back into her swollen dampness and returned the toy to her clit.

"Arghh fuckk. I need a break," Jenna let out as she tried to push the toy away with one hand. Her efforts were forceful, for a few seconds, but as the jolts of pleasure returned, she clasped Reef's wrist with her hand and held it firmly in place. She arched her back and raised her hips up to draw them closer to the pleasure source.

"Ah-oohhh, shit, ohhhh shit," she whimpered. "Jesus Christ. Ohh Jesus, another one is coming."

"Feel like you can't get enough?"

"Noooo. I love it. Don't, ohh-uhhh, you dare stoppp."

"Maybe I should invite some friends over to enjoy your perfect little body. I'm sure they'd love to screw you silly."

"If you keep me cumming like this I'll either fuck them or be so exhausted, ahhh fuckk, god that's intense, so exhausted I'll just curl up in a corner and pass out for a year."

Reef removed his fingers from Jenna's entrance, reached out and vigorously twisted each of her nipples before replacing his fingers inside her. This time he squeezed for fingers into her gash which prompted another orgasm to bolt through Jenna's body. As she moaned out wildly, she clamped her legs together and pushed the toy away.

"Fuck, I've never had orgasms this intense. They feel like they're ten minutes long. Let me catch my breath." Despite Jenna's request, Reef kept his fingers embedded in her slit and gently moved them back and forth.

"Would you really take on several guys?"

"Maybe if I was this high and wound up. Obviously, I've whispered too much to you. I've never been this loose with a guy. I think the pot has pushed my inhibitions aside."

"So, I should get you stoned first, then let folks play with you?" Reef inquired as he forced a fourth finger into her and started to tease her clit with his thumb.

"You are bad. It's like I can't get enough. Can you use that toy on me again? I know I'm going to be so sore in the morning but just don't care right now." Reef complied with her request and minutes later, Jenna was twisting and moaning as another orgasm wrecked through her body. He was jealous of her ability to enjoy one after the other, and noted his libido and cock were stirring again. So, did Jenna.

"I want to blow you," Jenna announced with a goofy smile. She pulled apart Reef's robe and kneeled before him. She raised his half firm penis up to her lips and engulfed it in her mouth. It was clear she was experienced. She twirled her tongue around his head, sucked firmly and gradually drew his full length into her mouth and down her throat. Her head started to bob up and down, causing Reef's cock to stiffen. Her skills were appreciated, but Reef felt himself getting close so nudged her away.

"Do you mind if I screw you now?" Jenna asked as she started to mount him.

"Hold on. I want to grab another toy."

"Maybe I shouldn't let you. Look what I've spilt out after just experiencing one toy."

"I'll be right back." Reef edged Jenna sideways and again disappeared into one of the back rooms. When he returned it was with a large white rabbit.

"What is that beast?"

"It's the Thundercloud. A large rabbit vibrator."

"I want you. I prefer a warm cock any time over a vibrator," Jenna announced.

"How about both?"

"You are bad," Jenna responded with a smile forming on her lips.

"You did mention taking on more than one guy and I suspect if such happened more than one cock might fill you. Get me firm again then straddle me. Will go slow." Reef took a seat on the sofa and Jenna used her oral skills to make his dick stand strong. Once hard, she straddled him and lowered herself down, so she was impaled with his shaft.

"That feels great. I wish guys could recuperate as fast as women."

"Me too!"

"Do you like having sex with me?"

"Yes. I think most of the world would. Your body makes people want to fuck you," Reef answered as Jenna started to piston on his lap. She paused for a second to bring her nipples to his mouth for Reef to nibble and suck on.

"God sex feels great right now. I think California has made me an addict."

"Perhaps the pot has something to do with it also. Hold on a second." Reef cupped his hands around her near perfect bum, stood up and retrieved the vaporizer along with the clit toy. He returned to the sofa and sat back down with his manhood still sheathed inside her. "Start fucking me again. I'm going to hold this little toy up against you, while you take a few pulls from this," he stated as he handed her the delivery device.

Jenna resumed her vertical hip movement, while Reef pressed the little cup up against her sacred spot. "Oh wow, that sure does add to my pleasures."

"Now, take a hit." While continuing her movements, Jenna brought the vape to her lips and inhaled deeply. She repeated the process three times, while slowing continuing her fucking. After the last hit, she tossed the pen aside and clasped her arms around her lover's neck. Her pussy continued to milk Reef's shaft as her moaning grew louder.

"Do you feel it yet?"

"Wow. Fuck. It's crazy how buzzed I feel, and it is making my pussy feel like silken ecstasy. Ohhh sweet jesus, this is nice. I'm going to cum a ton." With these words out, Jenna's thrusts became more forceful until her body shook violently as a serious of loud undecipherable grunts passed out of her lips. What surprised Reef was that after her orgasm Jenna didn't stop. She continued bouncing up and down on his lap until another orgasm erupted. Just beforehand, Reef pushed a finger into her rear which caused Jenna to squeal as a second wave of pleasure crashed across her body.

"That was intense. Do you like my ass?"

"Yes," Reef replied as he mauled her bubble-like bottom. "I want to try it."

"You want to fuck my ass?"

"Yep. Spin around and lower yourself down onto my dick. I think you are relaxed enough to enjoy it." Without further question, Jenna did as asked. "Go slow."

With one hand, Jenna directed Reef's erection to her star entrance. It was abundantly coated with her juices. Slowly, the head was inserted and after a pause she eased her weight downwards until her cheeks were resting on Reef's lap.

"It feels so different. This is only my second time."

Reef reached one hand around her belly, so he could diddle her clit, while with the other hand he groped her breasts. "Slowly start moving up and down."

"It wasn't like this before. Press a little harder on my button." A minute into the adventure and Jenna was earnestly moving her ass up and down Reef's cock, steadily fucking herself. As her movement increased, Reef reached over and grabbed the Thundercloud without Jenna's notice. He brought its wide head to the entrance of her pussy and with his other hand parted her labia.

"What are doing?" Jenna asked when she felt pressure up against her vagina. Before the contact, she'd closed her eyes and focused on the unique sensations flowing through her rear.

"We're going to fill both openings."

"Shit. I've never even tried anything like that. Are you sure?" Jenna inquired as her lively movements came to a halt.

"You better have a little practice with both your pussy and ass being filled before it's sprung upon you."

"Fuckk. You would probably get me high and see if I'd do that. Oh my god, your pushing it in me," Jenna exclaimed. Verbally she protested. Physically, she leaned back and parted her limbs even further. Reef struggled to get the head past her entrance, but once done the next six inches easily slid in.

"And if such is offered this week, then I've no doubt you'd accept."

"Just because I don't want to let you down. Uhh, you trying to put all of that in me? It's not small."

"Do you like having both holes filled?"

"It's kind of intense. Fuckkk, that's deep."

"Just a few more inches and I'll turn it on. You'll feel vibrations inside and rubbing up against your sweet spot." Reef continued to grind his hips upward as he pulled the Thunder out then stuffed it in deeper. He could feel the pressure of it up against his cock. Several in and outs later, the dildo was fully inserted, and the rabbit ears were pressed up against Jenna's clitoral zone. With a press of his thumb, the toy was placed on high causing the ears and inner shaft to recklessly vibrate.

"Ohh, shittttt. That's intense," Jenna moaned.

"Do you like it?" Reef grunted as he pushed his cock in and out of her rear entrance.

"Ohhh fucckkk. It, it, its oh my gawdddd. So full and, and there's one already fluttering up."

"Imagine two cocks working in and out of you. Does that notion turn you on?"

"Shittt, this is so wild. Ohhh fuckk, fuckkk, fuckkkkk!"

"Would you like two guys to fuck you this way? One buried in your ass and the other slamming your little pussy."

"Jesus, that would be wicked. Fuck your dick is so deep. So, intense holy fuck I'm going to cum soon." Reef pressed the power button with his thumb to stop the vibrations. "Fuck, why did you stop it?"

Reef didn't explain the vibrations were seriously teasing his cock and he wasn't quite ready to release. "Because you haven't answered my question."

"Your cock is buried in my ass, this huge dildo has my pussy stretched wide and is making my clit purr and you have me wiggling and moaning like a bitch in heat. Then you ask if I'd also try the real thing. Yessss! Now turn that back on."

The power button was activated, and Reef smiled broadly as he thrust up even more forcefully. "Would you want to fuck two, three of four guys?"

"Uh-ohhhh, uhhh shittt. I'm your slut. You tell, ohhh gawwddd, you tell me and I'll do them all. Fuckkkk, I'mmm cummminnngggg," Jenna moaned out. In response, Reef rammed the toy up into her causing its vibrating head to buzz just underneath the rim of his cock and sending him into a forceful climax.

The two collapsed backwards and just lay still for a moment. Reef eased the toy out and off but kept his cock impaled while he squeezed Jenna's full breasts. "I'm a mess. Shall we shower and snuggle up for some Zzzzs with Amber?"

"Sounds divine. Although walking to the shower sounds like a lot of work right now."

"Come on big boy. I'll cleanse you in there." Tenderly, Jenna raised up and unplugged her rear. She pulled up Reef and the two headed to the master shower. They walked by the king bed where Amber was naked and snoring. Reef carefully covered her with a blanket then joined Jenna in the bathroom. She'd started the shower and was waiting for it to warm up.

"I've never done anything like this before. It's so crazy."

"Are you enjoying yourself or regretting it?"

"No, loving it, just surprised at myself and I'm still buzzing. Probably from the weed and wonderful sex. I've never volunteered to be a slut before. Did I really say that or was I just really high?" As Jenna spoke, she grabbed Reef's hand and entered the shower with him.

"Wow, the hot water feels amazing."

"You move under the water. And I'll scrub you clean." Jenna first shampooed Reef's hair, rinsed it off, applied conditioner and while it sat, she applied a generous dab of body wash to her hands and started to clean his body. First his chest, then she had him spin around and clean his back, bum and legs before again having him turn around. She squeezed out more soap in her palms, cleaned his thighs and turn his attention to his nuts and shaft as she rose upwards. "If I get you hard will you screw me again?" The words floated out as her hands started to massage Reef's limp unit. Trying to entice him, she brought her lips to his and engaged in a deep steamy kiss. When it ended, she dropped to her knees and took his still limp unit fully in her mouth. Reef enjoyed the feel, but after a bit pushed her away.

"It's done for the night and I thought someone was too sore? Stand up. My turn to cleanse you." Reef grabbed Jenna's hand, stood her up and pushed her under the streaming water such that she was forced to close her eyes. When her hair was soaked, he placed a fat dollop of shampoo in his hand and vigorously rubbed down her hair, occasionally pulling on strands. He rinsed it away, then generously applied cream rinse to her head and pulled her out of the water. "Lean back against the wall. Time to get you clean."

Streaks of body wash were placed in his hands which encircled her back and begin to move around in all directions. Cleaning her back, buttocks, lower thighs and then returning to her rear. Firmly, he squeezed both cheeks and gradually slid a finger up her bum. "Gotta get you clean everywhere," he whispered to a wide-eyed Jenna and followed it up with a long kiss. For some reason, this young lady created the urge in him to have nonstop sex. Alas, his body had its limits.

Once their lips parted, Reef ran his hands though the water and reloaded them with soap. He returned them to her shoulders and scrubbed down her front half. In the process he aggressively squeezed her breasts and nipples. After cleaning her thighs, he slowly soaped up her sex and returned his lips to hers. As the two made out, he eased the two middle fingers of his right hand up into her slit.
