 Reef woke at five am. His body felt uncomfortable. The last few days had taken him out of his routine, and he needed to flip back into his routine. Silently, he dressed and prepared to leave, however, a soft spot in the floor squeaked and Amber awake.

"What are you doing?" she whispered.

"Going to check on the surf and breath some fresh air. You keep sleeping, I'll cook you breakfast when I get back."

"Can I come?"

"Sure. Just thought you'd want to stay in the warm bed."

"You thought wrong. I just want to stay next to you." Quickly, Amber pulled on a pair of sweat pants, one of Reef's button ups and a hoodie.

"Now you are dressing like a surfer. I like it," Reef commented on Amber's confused attire.

The two peaked in the other bedroom where Sunshine, Anna and Jenna laid piled together under several blankets, sleeping deeply. "I woke up at some point, and they were still playing around. I bet you they sleep late," Amber whispered to Reef.

"That's fine. Let's go."

The duo left the residence and headed for the beach. Reef had grabbed a rucksack when they left, and he stuffed their shoes into it just before stepping onto the sand. As the two walked, the cool breeze chilled them, and prompted Reef to take Amber's hand in his own. With their hands banded together, they marched to the far end of the beach near a rock outcropping.

Reef lead Amber up the rocks until they were a good twelve feet above the shoreline. "You can read the sea a bit better from up here."

"It's still so dark, I can't see anything," Amber returned.

"Just showing you the spot. I have a thermos of green tea, a beach pad and a few wool blankets. We'll hike up the beach a bit to keep dry and hang out until sunrise. Sound ok?"

"So, I get to snuggle with you on the beach?"

"Yeah. I guess you could say that," Reef answered. The twosome treaded their way back down then walked up to a section with a few large boulders to support their backs. Reef unfurled the beach pad and pulled out two wool blankets for each of them, along with the tea. The sat next to each other and shared a single cup.

"It'll be hard," Amber softly mumbled to Reef.

"You've nothing to worry. The waves won't be big today."

"No. I mean not being able to have this available. I've quickly grown used to it."

"Have you ever heard of this concept called moving? It's much underrated when it gets you out of a place you don't care for much and launches one to a spot that generates smiles."

"I wish," Amber replied with a smile. "I'm basically living off scholarships and loans. How would I survive out here?"

"Transfer schools. I bet you have good grades. What's your major anyway?"

"Biochemistry. I don't have a 4.0."

"Keep talking."

"Well, they aren't too bad. A 3.69, but this semester if my grades stay as they are then it'll be a 3.75. I graduate in three semesters."

"What do you plan on doing with your degree afterwards?" Reef asked.

"Good question. This trip has put a lot more into the equation and made me rethink several things."

"Explain how, because of the sex?"

"That too, but also the ocean, surfing, how happy people seem and, well you. Reef, two days ago I called up my boyfriend and broke it off. It was more a friendship then a relationship. Our sex was boring, and it was like we just were pals. I never felt a wild zing about wanting to have sex with him. It felt more like an obligation. Here I feel totally different. I want to explore. I want to make love nonstop. I want ... well I want so much. I feel hungry for life. Does that make any sense?"

"Perfect. So, what are you going to do about it? Go home and pretend this was a dream?"

"No! I looked at some classifieds on Craig's list. It shouldn't be hard for me to pick up a few waitressing jobs. I'm pretty sure they tip well here," Amber explained.

"They probably do, but you'd have to commute. Shit is expensive here. I'd offer you a place to stay, but I couldn't do so knowing it allowed you to drop out."

"Slide down. I want to lay on you. I'm getting a little chilly." Reef moved from a sitting position to laying down. Amber crawled on top of him with her face inches from his. Softly, she kissed from his neck up to his lips, then around his cheek until her lips were tickling his ear. "Why do you seek the best in everyone?"

"Keeps my heart dancing happily. How could someone enjoy life if they thought they'd caused another to quit something they love?"

"What if they quit something they love, for something they love more?"

"So, quit school for sex is what you are saying?"

"Not exactly, asshole. Quit something to live. Quit something to be alive. Quit something because I want to vibrate with life, instead of sinking in the mud puddle of death. Maybe your life has been so enchanted it's a concept you cannot fathom."

"Damn. Someone take philosophy recently. And who taught you to make a point while grinding?" Reef teased.

"I've gotten use to our special morning time. Are you complaining?"

"Hell no. Does your class load require you be at school every day?"

"Hold on." Amber rose up, pushed down her sweat pants and kicked them over to the sack. She bent over and similarly removed Reef's trunks. She spanned Reef's midsection and lowered herself down to a position where she could rub her clit up and down Reef's shaft. "What I could do, is have some friends send me recordings of lectures, which would enable you to have a steady supply of these type of workouts." She paused for a moment to work on her technique. It was working as Reef's board was now oak solid. "My homework and essays are all turned in electronically, so that can be done anywhere with internet service. But for finals and mid-terms I'd have to fly back." A slight adjustment of her hips and Reef slid into her velvet penis glove.

"Do you like this? Oops, I mean would you like that?" Amber asked as the momentum of her hips increased.

"Sounds like someone has been thinking? And yes, I do love how you wake me up."

"I've also been speaking to two professors at USC and UCLA. I went over my degree, transcript and they know a few of my professors. Advised me they thought I would easily be accepted and possibly a scholarship candidate."

With this information out, Reef pushed up Amber's tops to expose her breasts and grabbed her shoulders to enable deeper penetration. "Sounds like we could be roommates. Would you keep waking me up the way you've been?"

"I promise."

"Wanting me to fuck you until you get pregnant and beyond, but staying on birth control?"

"Ohh good yeassss."

"Would your marks be all A's?"

"If you wanted me to, then I would. Ohhh, this is amazing making love out here like this," Amber declared as one hand fondled her own breast while the other dove downwards to rub her clit.

"Would our wild sex life keep going?"

"Yesss!" Amber hissed. "It would get wilder," she added as pleasure started to radiate up from her groins.

"I think we may have reached an agreement roomie," Reef replied as a special tingling started in his testicles.

"And I will get a job and you can take me anytime except when I'm studying for an exam. Enough talk. Just fuck me," Amber barked out loud enough to capture the attention of a few fellow surfers who were admiring the sunrise.

"Maybe you should get a job at a church. I'd love to take you at the altar. Good god your pussy feels sweet this morning."

"Ohh goodness shit! You're going to make me cum soon." The blankets shielding them were tossed off allowing those nearby to witness a beast with two backs. One curious couple walked up to within a few yards of the copulating duo and started to fondle one another as they watched. Amber was sitting up erect, her breasts jiggling freely as she gyrated her hips around Reef's rigid unit while continuing to rub her own clit.

Reef approved of his new friend's steady liberation of her sexual attitudes and his notions of acceptable sexual conduct had also broadened. The sun had just popped up above the horizon causing Reef to realize that people on the beach could now see the two and would likely guess at the sport they were engaged in. He didn't care. Last week, this would have spooked him. He didn't realize others were indeed watching them and from just a short distance away.

"Oh yes, fuck my pussy," Amber sang out. Reef was a bit surprised by her brash statement. She was watching the couple observing them and it brought a rush to her desires. The man's hand explored his partner's sex for a period, then loosened the ties of her bikini bottom, bent her over and he was now screwing her. She and the couple locked eyes. "Oh shit. I'm getting close. Push it in deeper. Flood my pussy with so much cum it feels like ten men and women are fucking me. Ohhhh fucckkkk!"

Reef couldn't explain Amber's sudden loudness. He didn't realize that while fucking him, she was secretly hoping the other couple would join them. Notions of a strange sexy couple taking pleasure from her body made her nipples tingle and crotch burn. She shocked herself by how urgently she wanted to explore. If it was evening time, with a few drinks in her, she knew she would have invited them over.

Instead, she tossed her head back in orgasmic pleasure as waves crashed through her cerebellum. Her release caused Reef to explode. Rivers of semen seemed to pour from his palpitating cock and soaked her womb. Before dismounting, Amber looked at the lad bucking away fiercely, licked her lips and gave him a fat smile.

As they untangled and gathered their items, Reef heard, then spotted the couple fornicating a few yards away. He looked at Amber and smiled. "No wonder you got so horny. I bet you were thinking about them coming over and screwing you silly."

"You're too much," Amber answered shortly as she stuffed their gear back into the rucksack which allowed the couple to view her nude bum and swollen vagina. She was surprised Reef had read her so accurately. Later, she might admit it, but for now she'd keep quiet and didn't let it out that she remained desperately horny.

The strange couple ended their session and meandered away. Not a word was said between the two couples. Just shy smiles exchanged.

"You up for some hot coffee?" Reef asked Amber as the two walked hand in hand along the beach after returning their clothing to its proper position.

"Oh, that sounds wonderful. A deep rich mocha. And I am up for more, if you're interested."

"Were you ever this insatiable before?"

Amber curled her arm around Reef's lower back and moved her head close to his, "Nope. You have corrupted me. In fact, you've created a monster. One torn between desiring copious quantities of blissful sex and having you screw me senseless until a large bump lies in my belly. Last week, I would have signed an affidavit that I never wanted kids. And now look at me."

"What am I going to do with you?"

"After picking up coffee we can head back to the house. I bet Anna and Jenna might still be asleep which would allow me to have a little dance with Sunshine. Assuming you don't mind and possibly we'd get you so turned on that both of you would want me again."

"Amber, Amber, Amber. Who knew what inhabited the noggin behind those beautiful blues you have? What if I want you just to myself?"

"You can have whatever you like, but if we agree on such or some other arrangement the agreement has to apply to both of us. Fair enough?" Amber asked.

"Fair enough. Any other items we need to discuss regarding our arrangement?"

"Probably."

"Now is not the time to hold back. Speak up."

Amber pulled on Reef's hips, until he stopped. She maneuvered herself in front of him and wrapped both arms around his waist. She gave him a long kiss and spoke up. "Don't think I'm crazy for saying this and you can let me know if it's not cool, but I think we should attend an orgy. Oh my god, I can't believe those words popped out of my mouth. Ok, there, I said it. Response?"

"I'm down if it's the right crowd. What constitutes an orgy? More specifically, do five people make an orgy or does it require more? And, how many more?"

"Shut up you goof," Amber returned as she brought her lips to his and kissed him deeply. When the kiss broke, she added another statement. "One more thing. Reef, I'm falling in love with you."

Reef's eyes seemed to burn a hole through her light blue orbs. He took a minute before responding. "I know. It's mutual." The two kissed, turned and silently walked to the coffee shop, each deep into the wild notions their brains were spinning out. Reef thought back to the last time he stated the L word to another female. Two months later, and he would have welcomed a swift death. In contrast, Amber had uttered the words before, yet they lacked any meaning. Now, she felt crazy. She knew with her heart he was the one and it didn't hurt matters that her pussy was jumping for joy in unison with her heart for the first time ever. The only irritation was how desperately she wanted to have sex but knew Reef was unavailable for a spell.

"Want to have some fun, my special lover?" Reef asked seemingly out of the blue.

"Sure. I'm always up for fun with you."

"Take off your hoodie." Without question Amber pulled off the item and handed it to Reef who stuffed into the sack. He brought his fingers up to her chest and unbuttoned it down to her stomach.

"You know, if I lean forward or turn, my breasts will pop into view," Amber stated.

"I know. The guys working here are buddies and always have some type of covert dialogue going on about hot chics in their coffee shop. This is going to be fun. Their tongues won't just be tied but sliced into slithers after they catch a glimpse of your cleavage and witness your excitement."

"What do you mean by 'witness my excitement?'" Instead of answering her, Reef pulled his lady friend to his chest and made out with her. Before the two parted, he'd openly tugged on her nipples to bring them to their full stature while plunging fingers into her crevice and diddling her hard clit. "Jesus, what are you trying to do? I don't need to be any hornier than I already am. Let's just go straight back to the house."

"You were just fantasizing about the unknown beach couple joining us. Imagine how your mind will sizzle with all these folks staring at you and thinking about having sex with you. Look at you, that notion is making you crave sex even more."

"No, it's not. It is making me really nervous just to go in there practically half naked," Amber tried to state sternly.

"Your nipples are getting even harder," Reef replied before he pulled her in for a long kiss. As his tongue explored her mouth, his fingers pushed up the cotton fabric of her thin sweat pants into her folds. The absorbent material rapidly displayed a wet crease corresponding to Amber's slit. Reef abruptly ended the kiss, grabbed Amber's hand and led her into the coffee hut.

The place was full. While it wasn't at its maximum capacity of 25, there were at least a dozen and a half folks present, a majority of whom seemed to know Reef. They said hello then their eyes fell upon the friend that accompanied him. Her sky-blue eyes and far-reaching smile lured them. But it was her firm, nipples sticking out, breasts that occasionally popped into view that imprisoned them. Aside from hellos and mumbled greetings the place gradually silenced.

"Everyone is staring at my tits," Amber whispered into Reef's ear with a red face.

"I disagree. A spare few have managed to lower their eyes and assess your perfect ass."

"You are such an ass."

"Hey there Boxie. Can we have a large Americano with cream and a medium mocha to go?"

"What?" Boxie replied as he worked at pulling his eyes away from the young lady's chest.

"You deaf?" Reef answered quietly.

"What?" Boxie asked again.

Reef turned to Amber and clarified, "You want medium and not large, right?"

When Amber turned to answer, her shirt bowed out and gave Boxie a full view of her right breast. "Yes," she replied then turned back towards the cashier and realized his focus was on her exposed breast. Unexpectedly, it shot a zing of excitement in the area between her thighs.

"Ok, last time Box. Large Americano, with cream and a medium braless mocha," Reef barked out.

"Yeah Boss. No problem," Boxie answered. Amber and Reef then tucked themselves into a corner.

Amber snuggled up against Reef's chest which hid her mammary assets from the glares. "Why do you call him Boxie?"

"He used to box people out on the waves. Couple of incidents and he was educated. People started referring to him as Boxie as a joke, then gradually it just stuck."

"Is your real name Reef?"

"Of course. I think Boxie got a little charge out of witnessing your display. Turn around for a second and lean back against me. I want to show you a few things out the window." Amber turned around and leaned back into Reef. He circled his arms around her torso and pulled her snug against him. "Mmm your ass feels great against my cock. It's so nice. See over there across the street?"

"What?"

"It's a cool surf shop."

"Duh. What did you really want to show me?" Amber inquired. Before the words had rolled across her lush lips, Reef glided one hand up and into her button-up. Openly, he fondled her breasts. "Reeeefff! Everyone is watching," she snapped. He responded by sliding his other hand down the back of her sweat pants and squeeze her tushy.

"Does it excite you knowing they are watching us?"

"This is a bit too public." Reef slid his hand away from Amber's tit which left it entirely exposed. Instead of covering up, Amber stood there watching the countless eyes observing her fine female features. A few seconds later, she spun around and used Reef's body to shield herself. Her rapid spin resulted in Reef's hand now being in the front of her pants.

"Is someone getting even more worked up? Fucking on the beach, watching another couple have sex while wishing they'd join you and now standing half-naked before a dozen people that you know want to devour you." While talking, Reef used his fingers to caress Amber's special spot.

"Jesus Reef. You need to stop," Amber hissed just before planting her lips onto Reef's as a low moan escaped from her throat. She didn't know what to do but did know what she wanted to do.

"Hey Dude. Your coffees are ready man and keep that up and you might get management upset or jealous," Boxie softly spoke up while holding out two steaming cups.

"No worries," Reef replied as he pulled his hand out and took the cups. Boxie noticed the glean on his fingers. The couple headed towards the back exit when in walked Sunshine. The threesome exchanged greetings and hugs. Amber noticed even his eyes became glued to her chest.

"You two were off early. We were naughty and stayed up late. Catch any good waves?" Sunshine asked.

"Nah, just chilled on the beach and witnessed the sun being born again. How are the ladies?" Reef asked.

"Good, good. Still resting. I thought some joe might do us all well, so here I am," Sunshine answered.

"We didn't surf but had fun snuggling. It was even a touch romantic watching the sun slowly crawl up," Amber informed her friend.

"Got her all kinds of excited, so I had her add to those feelings by almost giving peeps little specs of her jugs."

"You are too much," Amber cut Reef off, then turned towards him knowing her shirt would gap out a bit and give Sunshine a full view.

"She's a very beautiful woman," Sunshine declared.

"Did you enjoy her last night?"

"Of course. It was like a wild dream come true. She looks straight, so I was surprised about the wild path the night took. I'll never forget it."

"I agree. Her looks don't give a hint about how liberal she is or how much she enjoys it."

Amber couldn't believe the two men were talking about their sexual enjoyment of her as though she wasn't present. It embarrassed her and also provided another dollop of exhilaration.
