 Twenty-years may seem like a spell to be involved in a sport. It's not. My Dad gave me my first board when I was ten. It was magic, and I still have it. A bit dinged up, but still usable, if you've a small ten-year-old body frame. Back then I had dreams. One's involving podium stands, hot girls and global travel. I still dream, don't get me wrong, it's just that the shifting sands have changed them. Now, they involve a long mellow roller, empty beaches, warm water and not another surfer in sight. Perhaps, since I live in LA, the odds of finding the latter is even less likely.

But I still try. Two to three days a week, I get up at five, hike several blocks with my board and enjoy an hour or two trying to find peacefulness. Dawn patrol. Even though its early morning weekdays, there is still a line-up. Not all are patient. Generally, feuds are few and folks value the sound of waves. Human voices are discouraged. Peacefulness. It's real at such moments.

This late-Spring morning, our shared values were being intruded upon. Two ladies were laughing like junior high girls with their voices dispersed over the bay by the cliffs behind them. After thirty minutes of their giggles and squeaky voices I had to call it a day. I caught a nug to the sand, and after trying to calm myself decided I had to let these lassies know about their unintended disturbance.

Casually, I approached them. They appeared to be two ladies in their mid-20s trying to take sunrise photos of each other. I introduced myself and gave them a bit of information on the beach, it being a local's spot and morning surfing etiquette. They apologized with giggles and explained they were just trying to get a few snaps to post on their Instagram page. Jesus, I wondered to myself, would this generation ever get reflection or always be dressing up their little windows for the world to try and peer through.

"Let me help you out. About a quarter mile down, there's a point that comes right up to the water. Wade around it, and there's a break in the cliff face. It creates a nice private cove complete with sand and rocks. Only a few of the local photographers know about it and they use it for private shootings. And it has the benefit of directing any noise away from the surf break."

"Do you think we can get there now?" one of the gals asked. She was outfitted in a royal blue two-piece bikini, had blond hair, crystal blue eyes and a nice figure. If I'd been ten years younger, I would have been laying down cards to get either of these women in my sack. Now, I figured I was probably viewed as some old surf bum by them.

"Is it safe to wade through the ocean or are their sharks that could get us?" her friend asked. She had dark brown hair, kissed with sun streaks, stood a few inches taller than her blond friend and was built more athletically. Smaller breasts, a tighter bum, but had her friend's same blue eyes.

"Where are you two from?" I asked curiously.

"We go to school in Austin," the twosome advised.

"Hi, I'm Jenna," the blond gal stated as she extended her hand. "And this is my housemate Amber."

"Cool. I'm Reef," I responded as I shook the gal's hand and did the same with Amber's hand. "The water you'd wade through is below your knees. Easy peasy. And it's been weeks since any sharks have been sighted anywhere near this beach." The last sighting was three years ago, but I figured this would make their adventure a tad more exhilarating. "The sunrise rays are awesome there. If you don't hurry, then you'll probably miss it." I turned and started to walk away.

"Do you really think it's safe for us," Amber hollered out.

"I'm sure you'll be fine," I answered.

"If we paid you $20 dollars, would you guide us there? It's our first time visiting the ocean and we're kinda nervous," Jenna exclaimed.

Now my slight ribbing was backfiring. I contemplated leaving them hanging but didn't want them to return with news of Cali jerks. "I suppose. Let me run my board up to my place as I don't want to haul it there and get this wetsuit off." I dashed off and when I returned the girls were back to snapping pictures and giggling. "Let's go. The morning rays won't last much longer."

We walked a few hundred yards down the beach, with the cliff face gradually getting closer and closer to the shoreline. When the face contacted the water, I waited for a wave to pop, then as it pulled back, I advised the two ladies to run. They hesitated a bit. Before we could make it around the point, a wave crashed against our thighs and caused the women to shout and holler. Hopefully, my surf buddies did not witness this.

They dashed inside the cove and were surprised. It was a pristine piece of paradise. It ran back about 30 yards and was covered in deep powdery sand. The mouth was a good fifty feet wide that gradually tailored to a point. Scattered throughout the triangle of sand were several boulders that made for great places to pose.

A quarter of the way in, the two friends stopped and admired the scenery. "This is like something out of a Sports Illustrated photo shoot," Jenna mumbled. The beauty of the place had cast a spell on them, as it had on others for decades.

"We need to get lots of pictures here. This is amazing," Amber stated in disbelief. 

"Now we can get pictures together."

"Yessss. Great idea," agreed Jenna.

"Have fun ladies. I've got to get home and take care of a few things," I shouted out as I retreated.

"Nooo!" Amber exclaimed. "We could get swept away. Plus, we need you to take pictures of us together. Please, please stay," she begged. As she asked, she pressed her chest out and stuck her hip to one side to display her feminine attributes.

I walked back to the ladies and agreed. "We've got about fifteen minutes of sunlight left. I'll stay until then and take some snaps of you two on the sand, rocks or however you like. Let me see your camera." I examined it quickly but was familiar with it as it was the same manufacturer as my camera, just not as old.

The girls got my point and started posing. Some were taken together, and others were snapped separately. It didn't take long for them to relax. Snaps were taken of them laying in the sand, backs up against the cliff and standing on top of the builders. Five minutes into the session, and they started to pose seductively. Jutting out their breasts and half-bending over to exaggerate their rears. They also pulled the back of their swimsuits up to display their bottoms.

Along the way, I suggested that the ladies smile more and flirt with the camera. Those pics seemed much more colorful then the others. And got them laughing. Slowly, I edged them to the water. First, laying on dry sand, but with sea foam frothing behind them. Followed by pictures together blowing kisses to the lens and teasing it by half pulling down their bikini straps. Finally, I convinced them we need a few in the water.

I had to admit being behind the lens was fun. It allowed me to admire their bodies without coming off as a pervert. The girls were apprehensive about going in the water over their knees. Patiently, I encouraged them to get wet then roll their bottoms in the sand to get a few edgy photos. We were almost out of time, so I guided them back into the water and took a few pictures as the kneeled down. With a decent wave pulling in, I got the girls to kneel on all fours and look up at me hungrily, then to growl. Their efforts muted the noise of the wave approaching them, and it soon immersed the two in cold California water.

When they popped out of the water, they had a look of anger, that was rapidly consumed with laughter. Instead of responding, I kept clicking away as the hardened nipples gave the two an extra sexy look.

"You ass! You did that on purpose," Jenna yelled.

"Aughhh, that water is freezing. Paybacks are a bitch," Amber contributed. "You did that just to see our nipples." The two walked rapidly towards me, but I slowed them down.

"Hold on. Move slow. The light is hitting you perfect and these will make very sexy photos." The girls took a moment to look at one another and realized my point was correct. "Face each other and perform a light kiss." The two paused, then did as I asked. It was sexy. I was a bit concerned they might notice a certain part of me was becoming stiff.

"How else would you like us to pose while we're wet?" Jenna asked. She seemed to be animated by the last pose.

"Amber, why don't you hold Jenna in your arms, with her back to you. One arm around her belly, and with your other hand pull her strap down as you did earlier." After this pose, the girls complied dutifully with each of my requests. Just before the last light, I took separate photos of the girls sitting on their bums in the sand, with one knee raised up and the other pressed against the sand. As I snapped away, I continued my words of encouragement.

"Just like a Playboy photo shoot, except your bikini's blocking everything so your poses can be daring." The outline of their lips was silhouetted through the wet fabric. When I brought the lens just feet away, they didn't retreat. Amber's shots came after Jenna's, and she casually raised her hips towards the camera. "Now, Amber lay on top of Jenna and kiss her. Jenna, wrap your legs around her legs." They were now in the missionary position and this kiss was not just a peck.

When the shutter stopped making noise, the two separated and stood up. "Can you get one of me standing behind Amber?" Jenna asked.

"Sure."

The ladies repeated the pose they'd performed earlier, except this time Jenna was behind Amber. And as I clicked away, she yanked down Amber's top to expose both of her breasts. The scene was captured.

"You bitch," Amber yelled out as Jenna retreated towards the back of the cove as she laughed hysterically. When Amber caught up to her, she yanked down Jenna's bottoms to reveal a sexy behind. The girls wrestled in the sand for a moment, exposing one another's tits, before standing up and returning their suits to their prior positions.

"Those photos will have to be deleted," Jenna advised me. I handed her the camera and laughed.

"Nice show. Probably time to head back." The three walked to the edge of the waves and timed out the waves to easily cross, while doing so Reef explained to them the process in case they wished to return. While walking back to the staircase up the cliff, the three exchanged information.

Jenna and Amber were both from Kansas and currently enrolled as graduate students in Austin. They had scheduled a week off in late-May with their boyfriends, but when the boys announced they were headed to Alaska to drive around, camp out and explore king salmon fishing the girls grew nervous. A bit of research revealed the Alaska May weather was not ideal with trees barren of leaves, snow a possibility and rain likely. Despite their love of the outdoors, they elected to skip the fishing trip.

A road trip of their own was pieced together. Then Jenna's Aunt gifted her with access to a two-bedroom time-share condo near Malibu. Cheap air tickets were found and to the west the girls flew. On arrival they had a minor set-back. The beach side time-share condo was overbooked and there was no vacancy despite the contract. However, the association provided them with alternative accommodations: a three-bedroom house, with a private pool, but five blocks from the beach. The location wasn't what they'd been promised, but the private house and pool made up for the problem.

Reef was surprised the boyfriends declined to join the ladies. Shaking his head negatively, he responded, "That's f'd up. Fishing isn't good here if that's their thing, but the weather, beach and waves are unreal. Plus, no disrespect, I just ain't one for snuggling alone in a cold tent when laying naked with a beauty is an option."

"Thank you," Amber responded quickly and causing Reef to turn a light shade of pink.

The group climbed the stairs and in unison headed to a coffee joint. With lattes and cappuccinos in hand, the conversation continued. They discussed surfing, the cove and wondered out loud how many people had been photographed naked there. This prompted the three to pull out the camera and review Reef's work. Some of the photos were fine and impressed the ladies. As the photos from the end of the session appeared, everyone drew quiet.

"I can't believe you did that," Amber spoke up as her breasts flowered across the small camera screen. "Now I feel awkward," she added.

"Actually, it's beautiful," tossed out Jenna. "I love the way it captures your joy and surprise, and its flirty. You need to keep that one." They scrolled through the other pictures without any additional comment until the few of Amber yanking down Jenna's bottoms appeared.

"Oh my god! You can see like everything," Jenna softly wailed as she expanded the viewing screen. The shot depicted not only her rear, but also provided a glimpse of her vagina as she'd bent over.

"It doesn't really show that much," responded Reef.

"Oh yes it does. It shows that some stranger has seen my booty, breasts and kitty. I'm sure my boyfriend would be thrilled if I told him I just got wild in Cali and showed off my body to a stranger."

"So, now I'm a stranger?" Reef asked.

"Well you were then. Or almost," Jenna tossed back.

"Wait, wait a second. And who was it talking and giggling about maybe taking some boudoir photos on the beach on our flight out here," Amber giggled out.

"Shhh. I'm trying to leave this gentleman with a proper impression of us."

"Impressions should be formed by deeds, actions and kindness. Really, this is California and as we earlier laughed about numerous people have probably been shot naked in that cove. Besides, if it makes you more comfortable, I'll claim amnesia of the entire event."

"No. I want to keep those. What wonderful souvenirs to have of this trip. Maybe keep somewhere private, but I want to keep those. Actually, we need you to take more pictures," Amber blurted out. "We also want some poolside photos. I mean you have to see the place we have. The pool is huge, totally private and like just perfect for a shoot. Jenna you even said last night that it would be great to have some wet and partially submerged shots. And he's already seen us topless, so he could do them."

"Amber! You're embarrassing me. Stop it!"

"No! This is perfect. He can take great photos and has seen us, so why not get the other part done too?"

"Are you serious?" Jenna asked.

"Otherwise it's back to just you and me. Those first photos weren't so good."

"Ahmm, excuse me, but I think you two are discussing me and, well, I'm right here."

"You'd do it wouldn't you?" Amber asked.

"Do what?"

"Oh gosh. I can't believe we're considering this. Screw it. We've gone this far, might as well. California has already pierced its roots into us," Jenna stated.

"Mind if I ask what you two are discussing?" Reef put out.

"We want you to keep taking photos of us, except at our pool. It's really cool there. We can make you breakfast and then have a second shoot. You're game right?" Amber asked.

"Hold on. I've my own stuff to do but let me get this straight. You now want me to accompany you to your house, eat some grub then take some more photos of you two?"

"Yeah! Except we'll reward you with a homemade breakfast. In the Midwest, breakfasts are huge. You'll love it!" Amber replied.

"She is a good cook," added Jenna. "And we're on vacation, so maybe a mimosa or something."

"This is not how I had my day planned out. Fuck it. Gotta live. I wasn't going to do it, but the Midwest breakfast offer thing hit me hard. I'm in," answered Reef.

"Bullshit! You're just hoping to see our titties again," Jenna teased.

The three walked together to the vacation house and settled themselves into the kitchen. Amber dug through the refrigerator and cabinets, then let out a sigh of disappointment. "I think we were a little too buzzed when we went shopping last night. Why did we buy maple syrup? But no sausage, no eggs, no cooking oil and the only booze we bought was a bottle of wine and tequila. We drank the wine last night."

"I can bike to the store and get stuff. What do we need?" Jenna inquired.

"If you do that, I'll start the potatoes as they take the longest. Can you pick up eggs, mushrooms, bacon and asparagus please?"

"I can help too. Either in the kitchen or at the store," Reef volunteered.

"You stay and peel potatoes. There's only one bike, but it has a basket," Jenna suggested.

"If you get an armful of limes and some cognac, I'll whip up some margs with the tequila," Reef offered. He pulled out his billfold and stuck a few fifties into Jenna's pants pocket. When she tried to refuse, he reminded them of their student status and insisted on contributing to the meal.

"Margaritas? Now, you are talking. Perfect. And no feeling guilty as we are on va-kay," Amber declared. Jenna darted out, while the other two peeled potatoes and put them in water to boil.

"Those shots were really good," Amber complimented Reef as she grabbed the camera and started to view his work again. "Did you work as a photographer before?"

"Maybe a little. In a past life."

"How do you get ideas for various poses?"

"That's part fun, and nowadays, part surfing the internet," Reef informed her.

"What do you mean about the internet?"

"I google beach photos or something similar and look at others work. Sometimes you want to copy a pose, other times it guides you as the photo doesn't look great."

"Wow, that's a great idea." Amber dashed off and returned with her laptop. On the google images tab she typed in 'erotic pool photos' as Reef stood by her side. A page of images popped up. "Oh my gosh. There are all kinds of pictures." She turned red as half the pictures depicted couples in action or up-close shots of widespread pussies. Instead of closing the page she clicked through the photos.

"Anything catch your eye?"

"Lots of these are eye-catching, but not what I was seeking," Amber advised as a picture of a guy popped up with his cock half buried in a petite young girl. She clicked to the next picture and tried to remain cool. Half the photos involved some form of sex. It felt odd for her to be viewing them in front of a man she'd just met. "I like the ones where their bodies are shiny from the water."

"The ones next to the pool usually involve oil as it stays on longer and reflects more."

"And these are nice too." She was looking at a photo of a nude lady floating in a pool with her breasts and bald crotch in full view.

"That one is graphic, but I agree there is something nice about it." Just then the door flew open and Jenna appeared with a full bag of groceries. She was out of breath.

"What did I miss and why do you have the computer out?" Jenna asked.

"Nothing. Potatoes peeled and then we looked at Google for some posing ideas," Amber responded. "Reef used to work as a photographer. After we eat, we need to put together what suits and clothes we want to use for our photo shoot."

"That will be fun actually, and Reef you'll help us?"

"Of course. But let's eat first."

The group divided up tasks and within 30 minutes were enjoying a frittata dish, accompanied with bacon wrapped asparagus and fresh mimosas. Once finished, the place was cleaned up and the girls embarked on a prop mission. Reef squeezed the limes and made a pitcher of margaritas for later. The tequila and cognac made them strong, the scorpion honey's venom hidden by the fresh lime juice and natural maple syrup sweetener. Just as he finished the pitcher, the women emerged with an armful of outfits.

"Wow. That's like a million props. Sometimes, simpler is better. Let's see what you two have." Reef had them place the piles onto the table and he separated them. He kept two bikinis, a crotched cover-up and one white and one black mini-dress. The rest he pushed away. "We probably won't need those. But a few other items would be great. Do you have sunglasses, high heels and a baggy t-shirt?"
