 "Jesus that was intense," Jenna breathed out as she continued to gasp for air. The air mattress supporting her continued to hiss and was now half empty. "Looks like we'll be buying a new inflatable," she laughed. "Are you ok Amber?"

"Wow. I think it was the margaritas or maybe it is just California. Yes, I'm better than ok. Too bad someone's pole can't stay up forever."

"Are you still horny?" Jenna asked in surprise.

"Maybe a little. I've never had a threesome before. Nor, been with a girl, a surfer, done it with someone I just met or had California sex. It was awesome and hard to stop thinking about. Plus, all of us are still naked and the smell of sex out here is thick."

"Not to be a buzzkill, but I need to rinse off," Jenna responded as she rose up and dived into the pool.

"How long have you two known each other?" Reef asked Amber.

"Since junior high."

"And you've never done something like this before, or anything sexual with her before?" Reef asked.

"Nope. You know we've obviously seen each other naked before, and we talk about sex and lovers. We've kissed a couple of times. Both when we were tipsy. Once during a New Year's Eve party and the other when we were playing truth or dare. If we are going to be out here long, I need to get some sunblock on. This girl burns fast." Amber rose up, walked inside and returned a few seconds later. "Do you mind helping me out?"

"Sure. How about we move to one of the sun chairs." They both stood up, adjusted the chair to a flat position then Amber laid face down on top of the cushions. Reef squirted a healthy dollop into his palms and rubbed them together to warm up the lotion. He started on her neck and arms, then worked his way down. "How is it you knew Jenna enjoyed rough sex?"

"We do talk and are best friends. And during those conversations we've discussed things we like and, well, a couple of times I've overheard her. She likes it rough, is into being spanked and tied up. Not really my kind of stuff, but to each their own." 

"So, what is the kinkiest stuff you've done?" Reef asked as he started to coat her bum with the sun block.

"Probably what we just did. Well, maybe that was just the most erotic. I don't know. It's a turn on being told what to do and hand control over to someone else. Don't ask why, it just gets to me. I've spent too many hours reflecting and trying to analyze that desire."

"So, you are submissive?" Reef's hands were deeply kneading Amber's ass and, in the process, tugging on her pussy.

The sensation caused Amber to hope he'd rub her there also. "I guess. The kinkiest thing I've done was let my boyfriend tie me up naked to his bed. It was during a party. He blindfolded me and left me there. And told me the door would be left open. I don't know if anyone saw me or what, but it got me worked up." 

Reef finished her bum and coated the back of her thighs. "You wanna roll over now?" Amber turned around and smiled keenly at Reef. "What do you think would have happened if someone walked in?"

"I don't know," Amber replied. Water splashed in the pool drawing their attention as Jenna pulled her naked body out of the water. Again, Reef felt the sexual pull of her body. Large breasts, cute smile, blonde hair, small hips and a body you wanted to spin. She had the type of figure he wanted to fuck hard as hell over and over, while Amber had a more sophisticated look. Thin, gorgeous face, firm small breasts, a runner's ass and a hot athletic build. Her body he wanted to make love to over and over, and there was some crazy pull that made him want to impregnate her. It was something he'd never associated with anyone before. Yet at the same time he wanted to walk over to Jenna and lick every drop of water off her body.

"I heard you two talking. Nice job giving up our sexual secrets," Jenna teased.

"I didn't give anything he didn't learn from our little romp," Amber shot back.

"Did you tell him what happened while you were tied up?"

"He doesn't need to know everything," Amber replied. As she spoke, Reef was applying the lotion to her breasts and making a point of delicately dancing his fingers around her nipples, but just barely touching them. She wanted more and felt another wave of moisture forming.

"Did someone do something to you or touch you?" Reef asked. He'd finished with her breasts and his lingering fingers were now traveling downwards. There was a pause as he coated her ribs, pelvis and hips.

"She wanted them to," Jenna laughed out. "But no one did, or she's kept it a damn tight secret. What happened is her boyfriend got so drunk he passed out on top of her and didn't untie her until sunrise. She was so pissed off that she broke up with him the next day."

"That is pretty funny, although I'm sure it wouldn't be at that time," Reef stated. His fingers were now applying the lotion to her lower lips. When he touched them, she couldn't help but raise them upwards in the hope of further contact. Unconsciously, she opened her legs.

"What she did tell me though," Jenna started.

"No! Don't say anything else," Amber blurted out, promptly followed by a soft moan as Reef pinched together her upper lips.

"Well, know you can't stop. And what does it matter after our little splash of fun?" While asking Reef gingerly pinched her pussy again. "Keep going?"

"Yesss," Amber softly stated. She was distracted, still quite horny and thinking he was talking about the sun block.

"A couple of times after a few too many drinks, she let me know she wanted to be touched and such."

"Jenna!! At least, I'm not fantasizing about getting tied up, spanked and having people do crazy things to me," Amber retorted.

"Wow--hold on. So, at this party, where you were tied up and blindfolded, you secretly wanted people to come in and touch you?" Reef had opened her lips and was slowly drawing circles around her bud, but deliberately wasn't touching it.

"It's," Amber stopped her response and firmly bit down on both lips trying to keep her composure, "just a fantasy."

"Did you want them to touch your pussy and fuck you with their fingers?"

"I wanted my boyfriend there. Then he'd tell them or me what to do," Amber answered.

"So, if he told them to finger your pussy, you'd be fine with this?" Reef didn't wait for an answer. Instead, he forced two fingers up into her slit and started making a come-hither motion with them to rub the upper left portion of her womb. Amber's hips bolted upwards as her legs parted obscenely.

"Ohhh. Ah-ohhhh, yes," she answered.

"And what about if he asked one or two of the gentlemen to fuck you?"

"I don't know." Amber answered as Reef pulled his fingers away from her sex.

"Too bad my dick isn't hard, or I bet we'd find out. I think you would."

"Ok."

"And what is it that Jenna desires?" Reef asked.

"I'm curious about being tied up and spanked a little. You know giving up control."

"She wants more than that. She wants to be spanked and fucked like a slut," Amber blurted out.

"Shush girl," Jenna cried.

"Come here," Reef barked over to Jenna. Without question or hesitation, she walked immediately up to him. "Spread your legs apart and stick out your pussy." Again, she complied. Reef pulled back his hand and with a backhand swatted her pussy hard with a whip of his fingers.

"Ouchhhh, fuck," Jenna sighed, but didn't change her position. Again, Reef popped her vagina and noticed her nipples had tightened up into firm pebbles.

"You like that?"

"Maybe," Jenna mumbled.

"Christ almighty. I hit the freak show lottery. Ladies, I do believe we are going to engage on a little experimentation over the next few days. Jenna straddle Amber's body with your knees on either side of her, so that your facing me then bend over. I want you to suck my cock. Amber I'm going to keep playing with your pussy, but I want you to see how many fingers you can squeeze up into your friends slit."

Jenna climbed up on the pool chair, placing a foot on either side of Amber's body and used her hand to feed Reef's dick into her mouth. She easily swallowed his half firm tool and began working it in and out of her mouth. A moment later, she moaned out "Mmmhhh." The forward movement of her back and rear indicated Amber was playing with her sex.

While Amber played with her friend's vagina, Reef continued to finger her opening causing periodic sighs. The threesome's efforts continued for a bit until Jenna released Reef's cock as she groaned out, "Fuckk, how many fingers are you, aughhh, using?"

"Four. And I bet I can get more in," Amber answered. As she spoke, Reef eased a third digit up into Amber's entrance.

"Do you like that?"

"Yes, if you do," Amber replied.

Reef stepped backwards while pulling his fingers free. "Jenna, show me how well you can eat pussy. Let's see if you can make Amber cum." When she didn't move immediately, Reef took his hand and used it to press Jenna's face down to Amber's slit. She transitioned to her knees and started to lick the length of Amber's crotch with the encouragement. Reef walked around to Jenna's rear and gave it a fierce swat before pulling Amber's hand away and replacing her fingers with his own.

"It might take a year to make Amber cum the way you're licking," Reef advised. "You need to put some heart into it. I'm sure you've heard the song Wagon Wheel. You know the one with the lyric rock me momma like a south bound train? Put your lips around her pleasure button and hum that for us." For added encouragement, Reef gave her rear another swat.

Jenna yelped out, then started to hum the tune. It didn't take long for the vibrations to impact Amber. She started to wiggle about, trying to control her euphoria.

"Does that feel better?" Reef asked.

"Ahoohhh. Jesusss," she responded as her hips tilted up towards Jenna's face. Her wiggling about ceased. Now, her thighs were spread vulgarly apart to create an open space for Jenna to perform.

"Do you think she's going to make you cum?"

"Mmmhhh, yeah, maybe," Amber sighed heavily. Jenna's crack was becoming slicker and slicker as she magically hummed. The activity was also bringing Reef's cock back to life.

"Suck on my cock a little," he asked as he brought his swollen gland to Amber's lips. She was moaning consistently and simply opened her mouth for insertion when he presented it. Amber sucked on it furiously and Jenna's head popped up.

"What do you want me to do next?"

"Keep sucking on her pussy until she cums. Hum Don McLean's American Pie next." Without hesitation she explored Amber's folds with her tongue, then latched her lips around her clit and started to hum the tune. With this lick, the vibrations were more intense. Amber had her ass raised up as high as possible to increase the contact between Jenna's mouth and her pussy. Midway through the song, she became unable to administer to Reef's now hard cock.

"Oh-uhh-uhhh. Ohh fuck Jennnnn. Ahh-oohhh, shittt," Amber moaned out.

Reef pulled his cock away from Amber's face and guided it upwards and into Jenna's soaked cunt. It offered little resistance as he pushed into her. "Keep going Jenna. Make her cum!" Reef ordered as he started to thrust in and out of her folds. "Are you going to cum on your friend's tongue?"

"Ahmm. Aa-ohhhh. Shitttt, shittttt. Auhhhhhh, I'm cumminngggg Jen, I'm cumminnggg. Fucckkkkkk. Don't stop, don't stop. Ouhhh-ouahhhhh-OOUUGGHHH!" Amber groaned as electric bolts radiated from her pussy.

Her orgasm inspired Reef to thrust harder and deeper into Jenna, prompting a series of moans from her. "Move down and kiss Jenna. I want you to taste your cum on her lips," Reef barked out. His nuts were starting to tingle. The tale-tail sign he was getting close.

Amber obediently wiggled her way down, so Jenna and she could kiss. The notion that she'd be tasting her own pussy juices off her best friends' lips sparked Reef's desire. He grabbed Jenna's hips firmly and bucked deep into her as he drew close to the edge.

"Oh, my god that was so incredible," Amber whispered to her friend.

Jenna replied simply, "Yes, ohh, ohhh," with each of Reef's thrusts evoking a moan.

"Did you enjoy it?" Amber inquired.

"Yes, ohh, ahhHH. I like that he made me. His cock feels so, ohhh, good."

From the neighbor's yard there was a loud crash. Objects and/or someone had clearly fallen over right next to the fence. It was immediately followed with a sigh, and loud "Shit!"

The sex frenzy froze, with Jenna, Amber and Reef looking at each other with a shocked expression. Ultimately, Reef whispered, "I think we are being watched."

"Oh shit!" replied Jenna. She rose up, stepped clear of Amber's body and bolted for the sliding glass door of the house. Amber and Reef looked at each other, then started to laugh. Quietly, they both stood and followed Jenna inside.

Once inside, Jenna nervously spat out, "Oh my god! I think someone was watching us the whole time. Shit, that is embarrassing."

"What if they videotaped us, or took pictures?" Amber added and then burst into a fit of laughter.

"It isn't funny," Jenna hissed at her.

"You should have seen your face. Oh god, if it was filmed, I'd pay heavenly to get a snap of your face," Amber explained.

"Well, not much we can do now. If that had been me, I would have just popped over and introduced myself. And hope lady luck rolled my way," Reef added.

"I would not have sex with just any stranger," Jenna lamented.

"Just strangers that surf?" Reef asked as he laughed out. Amber's giggles reinforced his view.

"Well, I'm just ... usually I'm not like this."

"I have to admit I haven't ever seen you naked and afraid, or is it embarrassed?" Amber added. "It must excite you a little bit as your nipples sure look hard."

Jenna had forgotten she was naked and close to having an orgasm before the interruption. The concern that someone may have captured illicit photos of her still spoked her. They could easily be posted on the internet, and the fact of this was also causing her pussy to buzz was flaming her emotions.

"It's just part of the panic response," Jenna explained.

"Bullshit. Come here," Reef demanded.

"No. I need to get my nerves to settle down. Jesus today got crazy. I'm usually not like this." Just as the last word exited her mouth Reef walked up to her, lowered himself down, scooped one arm around her thighs and pulled her over his shoulder as he rose up. "Stop it!" Jenna hollered as Reef carried her over to a large sectional sofa and plopped her down onto her back.

"Don't give me this poor me act. You're loving this." Reef grabbed a hold of her ankles, raised her legs up and guided his dick to her slick pussy lips. With one thrust, he was buried inside her.

"Augghhh. Fuck. No, seriously. Stop." Reef slid her meat back and forth a few times then pressed his thumb to her clit to tease it.

Momentarily, he did stop. "Do you really want me to stop?"

"No, just fuck me like your making me do it." Jenna whelped out as her hips pressed up to take in more of his unit.

With a clear goal, Reef spread apart Jenna's legs and pressed them down beside her. "Amber, get over here. I want you to put your pussy on her face to keep her quiet." Without any question, Amber climbed up on the sofa and straddled Jenna's face. Again, she felt her girlfriend's tongue snake through her snatch. When she looked down, she could see Jenna's head being jostled each time Reef lunged forward. She also saw something she hadn't seen before. A wild desperate hungry look in Jenna's eyes. Instantly, she knew her friend desired naughty forced sex. Intentionally, she ground her mound firmly against her face just as Jenna's eyes rolled back as an orgasm kissed her.

Reef recognized Jenna's orgasm and pulled his tool free of her limp body. "Move back here Amber. I want another taste of your pussy." Obediently, she moved off Jenna's lips and slid down until her crotch was just above her friend's. She next felt Reef's head split her lips then fully enter her.

Desperate for release, Reef pounded forcefully into Amber's wet hole. His thrusting caused her to again let loose with a chorus of moans. Reef placed both of his hands on her shoulders and pulled her into him as he rammed forward. "Fuck, your pussy is nice."

"Oh, ohh. Cum inside me," Amber pleaded. Reef yanked on her shoulders and erupted deep in her womb.

"Fuckkkk," he sighed out as tentacles of pleasure danced throughout his body. He stayed inside of her until his cock receded and slipped out. "Shit, you two are going to give me a heart attack." Gingerly, he moved from behind Amber and sat beside Jenna.

"It has been a long time since I've had this much sex in a day," Jenna announced with a smile. She reached out and delicately took hold of Reef's softened cock. "Is Mr. Dick out for the night?"

"Maybe in an hour he'll be ready for more fun with his new girlfriends," Amber encouraged. She was standing in front of them running fingers gently through her slit and using her other hand to caress one breast. In the midst of the light moment, the doorbell rang out.

The threesome grew quiet. "Amber, grab my t-shirt from the kitchen table and see who it is," Reef stated. Her eyes grew large as she stood still for a moment. Then she started to move and walked to the table to grab the worn t-shirt. She placed it over her body. It's bottom just barely covering her crotch. She walked up to the entrance and opened the door. Fortunately, it was positioned so one could look into the kitchen area but blocked the living room from view.

A middle-aged couple stood at the entrance. "Hello. Sorry to bother you. Our teenage son was apparently snooping on you. We apologize. He had a plastic bucket stacked on top of a stool to get a glimpse of your backyard. His was scratched up a bit when his contraption fell over. And, it caused his phone to slip into our pool. Hopefully, it will be a lesson learned. So, we just wanted to let you know that if he was taking any pictures they are gone now."

"We are really really sorry. Hopefully, no one was sunbathing or anything," the male added.

The two on the couch were eavesdropping and whispering to one another while Amber spoke with the neighbors. "See I told you," Jenna sighed into Reef's ear.

"You were moaning so loud he probably couldn't help but peek over the wall and shrubbery," Reef replied.

"No, I wasn't."

"Hell, yes you were. I think I recall someone begging me to fuck them."

"It's a good thing the parents didn't hear us. I wonder what they think of Amber's outfit. It barely covers her." The comment caused Reef to softly chuckle.

"I don't think she noticed, but the chest area has a few small holes. Wouldn't be surprised if her nipple popped through and I'm sure they'll notice her nipples are hard."

"Gawdd. You are awful," Jenna exclaimed as she teasingly wrapped her hand around his flaccid cock. "And all because of this."

At the front door, the conversation continued. "He leaves early tomorrow morning for a two-week long band camp, so you won't have to worry about any further disturbances," the father advised. He had mostly certainly noticed Amber's nipples. It caused a little enlargement downstairs and secretly he was pleased with his son. He just wished the damn phone hadn't fallen into their pool.

"You know why their kid fell over?" Reef asked Jenna.

"Lost his balance, I assume," she answered.

"Yeah, because he was looking at these and jacking off," Reef suggested as he roughly fondled her large breasts.

"You! Stop it, or wait til they leave," Jenna whispered as she turned her body to face him.

"I'm thinking that now it's making you feel a little thrilled that the kid got so turned on watching you screw he had to whip it out and stroke it."

"No. Remember I'm the one that panicked a little."

"That you did. But I can see your mind turning and thinking about some teenager who got so excited watching you have sex he had to toss off. Your nipples gave it away." Reef reached out, ran his fingers through her puffy lips and pressed them in. "And someone is damn sure wet," he whispered into Jenna's ear.
