 I woke, wondering what was wrong with me. Saturday morning and I'd set the alarm to 6.30 AM. 

Some seriously faulty thinking going on there.

Surfing. I was going to learn how to surf. You know; the real thing- On waves and stuff. The beach was over an hour's drive away and I had to be there by 8.45.

The trip was uneventful- if scenic - and I arrived on time. It was a beautiful morning, with sunlight and a light breeze.

Why the sudden urge to surf?

I'm single and thought it might be a way to meet a woman: Basic, but understandable.

I'm a teacher, living in a small town. I'd only been there a year but it was enough time for the locals to pigeonhole me as close enough to a faggot to make no difference. Being educated; single; 'artistic;' and a teacher, didn't fit well with them, and before I knew it, I was being watched from the corners of eyes, and rumours were rife. Let's just say the local wildlife wasn't approachable and all the eligible women at work were... well; they weren't actually eligible.

Anyway, time to try something different.

A couple of kids; three women; and me: That was the class. Bingo. Oh, and the instructor- who was probably the explanation for the women- muscular bronzed type.

Bastard. 

One of the women was a bit older, probably in her early forties, but shapely enough and friendly in a slightly-dazed, hippy way. She went off to put her wetsuit on. The other two girls were already suited up, and let's just say their wetsuits left little to the imagination: Nice bodies, one slightly bigger, older and plainer, but with a nice tentative smile and large firm breasts that stood out proudly. 

I smiled back and introduced myself.

Her name was Alice.

Her friend payed me no attention and I eyed her surreptitiously. She was hot. Small pert breasts, tight ass, and mischievous face. She was perhaps 22 or 23, and had now discovered she had what every guy wants. I instinctively liked her. She wasn't like the girlfriends of the firsts footy players at home, following their cavemen boyfriends around; eager and thankful for any scrap of attention they could get. 

She owned her pussy.

Soon enough we were in the water. I won't bore you with the details. Just let's say there was some conversation between waves, and I handled myself well enough that Alice's friend admitted me into her sphere of consciousness. Her name was Rene.

We finished surfing and headed back to the car park to get changed. The older woman headed straight into the changing rooms, but Alice, Rene and I stood in the outside shower to wash off the sand and the salt. To my surprise, the two women began to strip out of their suits. I was naked underneath mine, but they had bikinis. Alice managed to quickly extract her arms from the tight rubber skin, and then began to wriggle her hips to pull the suit down over her bikini bottoms. I studied her out the corner of my eye, knowing that she and Rene were very much aware of my presence. Alice took the suit off with no problems, she was strong and buxom. However, the slimmer Rene was having real problems getting the clinging rubber suit off her legs. Alice began to help her, tugging and pulling at the suit, but they seemed unable to make any progress.

'Do you need a hand?' I said. There was an instant pause in proceedings as Rene and Alice looked at me, and then looked me over. I smiled in a sincere way, hoping to appear less seedy and turned on than I definitely was. They said no. Rene was holding on to the metal shower pole, one leg in the air, and Alice was bent over, holding the suit in both hands. Her breasts strained against her bikini top and water from the shower splashed over both of them, making their flesh gleam in the sunlight.

I fixed that beautiful vision in my mind, thinking it would be as close as I would ever get; and they knew I was doing it. The hot Rene, arms up and torso twisted, so that her friend could undress her... Say no more. Still, I was glad they knew I was watching them. I used to be conscientious about not looking at women with a lecherous eye, thinking women hated such directness of gaze. But now I realise it's imperative to let them see you appreciate what they've got.

I chose that moment to head into the change rooms - for a while, women do like that moment's appreciation; keep on staring, and the game's over. I changed into board shorts and a singlet. Despite being only average height, I am quite muscular, with a barrel chest and decent biceps. I have green eyes that people have told me change shape with my mood. Now they were probably pale with unsated lust.

I could only hope they'd be there for tomorrow's lesson.

As I walked from the change room and across the sandy car park I crossed the path of Rene and Alice, who were returning from where they had collected their beach towels from their car. They were heading back to the beach. They both smiled and slowed as I approached, which was a great sign.

'Coming back tomorrow?' I asked.

They both nodded and smiled again. 'It was fun, wasn't it?' replied Alice.

'You guys are naturals,' I said and they laughed.

'I don't think so,' said Rene.

Oh, yes you are, Rene, I thought. You're a fucking natural, alright.

'You guys from around here?' I said.

'Yep,' said Rene. 

'You?' said Alice.

'Not too far, but I'm staying at a motel tonight.'

'O.K,' said Rene, 'see you tomorrow.'

I watched them walk away, admiring the curves and their colour. I shook my head and headed for the car.

Later that day I left my motel room, where I'd been taking a well deserved snooze, and walked along the main street of town. There were a lot of tourists about, looking in shop windows and sitting in cafes, drinking coffee. I felt like something a bit stronger so I made my way through the long shadows towards the pub at the end of the street. It was still hot, but that nice crisp hot, like the feeling of sun-burned skin on your back after a day at the beach. 

I ordered a beer and then made my way out to the sun garden. There were quite a few people there, so it took me a few moments to see Alice and Rene in a corner. Alice was looking at me as she said something to Rene, and Rene turned her head in my direction and our eyes met. I smiled, even though I felt suddenly nervous, and walked toward them.

'We meet again,' I said. Dumb line, I thought, even as I said it.

They looked at each other and smiled. I noticed their glasses were nearly empty.

'Can I get you guys a drink?' I asked, trying to recover from my poor beginning, and then realising that all I'd done was make it worse. How obvious can you get, I wondered. Buy you a drink!

'Sure,' said Rene. They were drinking beer. 

I put my glass down on their table and returned to the bar. I ordered a jug, which holds five or six beers, and returned. They had finished their drinks and without saying anything I picked up Alice's and then Rene's glass and filled them. An inch of froth on the top. Perfect. There were a few empty glasses on the table, and I realised that they must have been here a while already. Even better.

I sat down and took a long sip of cold beer. Rene did the same.

'You got up a few times,' said Alice, meaning that I'd managed to actually stand up on the surfboard that morning. Mostly it had been clumsy falls, however, and I grinned in reply.

'Just got lucky,' I said. I caught Alice, who was sitting next to me, stealing a look at where my cock bulged in my jeans. This was also something it had taken me too long to work out. Size does count and you should take care to make sure if it's on display, it looks worth displaying.

Rene seemed to find my words very funny and she laughed for a long time. Alice grinned and then began to giggle as well. I smiled tentatively, not sure if they were laughing at me or with me, and that set them to laughing even more. We drank the first jug and I went to buy another on two occasions. Despite my earlier uncertainty, my confidence and ease grew, so that before much longer I was inviting them back to my motel room without any hesitation. I had mentioned there was a spa bath. I guess the situation can be summed up by the fact I wasn't even surprised when they said yes. 

It was nearly dark as we headed back to my motel room. I walked between Alice and Rene, an arm resting around the curve of their bare backs. I was all the time conscious of the warmth of their firm skin, and I could feel my cock swelling slightly in anticipation like a snake rousing from the cold. 

I fumbled for my keys and then opened the door. The room was gaudy, but the bed was large and the spa huge, so really I didn't give a fucking toss about the decor. Rene and Alice sprawled onto the rumpled bed and I took the bottle of vodka Alice had brought, and poured us all a long drink. Looking in the mini-bar, I saw a bottle of orange juice, so I added a bit of orange for colour. The orange bloomed in the vodka like an unfolding flower. 

'How about a drink and a massage?' I asked, turning around and standing over the bed with a glass in each hand. The women looked up at me from where they lay, and then both flopped onto their stomachs.

'Massage!' they said in unison.

I put the drinks down on the bedside table and then looked around for the sunscreen lotion. It would make good massage oil. As I went to grab it, Rene and Alice pulled their t-shirts over their heads and wiggled their feet in anticipation. Alice took a drink and then made a face.

'Aggh!' she said. Rene giggled and reached for her glass as well. 

Returning to the bed, I kicked off my shoes and pulled off my T-shirt. Rene twisted around and looked at my muscled chest over the rim of her glass. She put the glass back down on the bedside table and stretched out on the bed. I could see the fine muscles ripple along her back as she moved, and the shadow of her velvet skinned hips and the soft swell of her hidden breasts. 

I clambered up onto the bed, settling between them, and poured some lotion onto my hands. There was a taut silence for a moment- as if we all knew something momentous would be set in train the moment my hands touched their smooth backs - and began to knead and stroke their flesh. 

Although the room was quite warm, it is a strange fact that sunscreen is always cold on first contact with the skin- evidence of which was the gasps which greeted my hands as they came down onto their backs. They both quieted as I then began to rub the lotion into their skin in large circles, Rene to my left in an anticlockwise direction and Alice to my right, clockwise. After a while, my fingers brushed lightly over the curve of their backs, trailing down until meeting the base of their spines and rising again to their shorts. Nostrils flaring, I hooked my fingers into their shorts and pulled up slowly, lifting them both slightly off the bed. Alice let out a low moan, barely audible, and Rene turned her head to look up at me, her eyes wide. Her eyes trailed down towards my stomach.

I let them down and then moved my hands up again, pushing my palms gently along until I reached the straps of their bikinis. I then pushed my fingers underneath, rubbing their flesh. By now I could feel the head of my cock pushing against the button of my jeans, wanting out.

Rene smiled and then turned, brushing Alice's hair off her face and kissing her cheek. Alice shifted and they joined in a soft kiss. I undid Alice's bikini top, and then drew back and pulled at Rene's shorts, revealing white smooth skin. I bent to kiss where her hip met her ass.

She rolled over and Alice pushed up, straightening her arms and placing one each side of Rene's head, so that her breasts fell towards her face. Rene reached up and pulled the bikini from her, and then raised her head, so that her lips brushed against one of Alice's nipples. 

I ran my tongue up Rene's left leg, from just below the knee to where her tight shorts where hitched high on her thigh. She opened her legs wider, and as I undid the button of her shorts and unzipped them, I began to run small kisses up and down the insides of her thighs. Her breathing became heavy and she began to twist, impatient for me to liberate her from the constraints of her clothing. As I pulled the shorts down, she lifted up her hips and they came away with her bikini bottoms as well; leaving me looking at the curved flesh-bowl between her hips that led down to the silken purse between her legs. 

I could smell the urgent heat within her and knew it was good.

Rene began to unfasten Alice's shorts from beneath, and I leaned over and pulled at them until they came off, so that I was now faced with the best of both worlds: sweet pussy and tight ass. I placed my hands on both of Alice's ass cheeks and separated them gently. Running my fingernails along her smooth skin, I then bit down - sometimes, y'know; it just has to be done.

Alice gasped.

I then turned back to Rene, bending my head and kissing along the line between her belly button and the strip of her sandy coloured pubes. As I did so, I ran my right hand up her thigh and probed gently with my index finger for the entrance. 

I felt warm moist flesh slide slowly over my finger, and then drew it back again. I slid my finger in and out, until it had built up a coating of her need, and then rubbed my finger into her clit, moistening it. Slowly and gently, I rubbed up and down one side of her clit, and then the other, and then bent my head to bring my tongue down on it with slow pressure.

Moaning, Rene thrust her hips at me as I began to lick her with light strokes of my tongue. I looked up and saw that Alice had removed Rene's bikini top and was busily nibbling and sucking at her nipples.

My cock couldn't handle its imprisonment anymore, so I sat back and pulled off my jeans. Rene looked at me over Alice's bent head and said;

'Fuck me.'

So I did. 

I gently moved Alice to the side, and she rolled over on her back as well. Now that the way was clear, I moved between Rene's splayed legs. She looked down at my straining cock and gasped as I moved it slowly into her. I moaned as I felt her envelope me, inch by slow inch. She was tight, so I knew I needed to take it slowly at first, but before long I could feel her moulding to the shape of my stout cock. I began to build up speed and force, so that her body began to rock back and forth in time to my strokes. 

Alice sat up and kissed me hungrily, and the knowledge that she was tasting Rene on my lips made me suddenly wild. I grabbed the bed head and pulled against it, adding force to my hips. Rene was moaning and thrashing, saying; 'Fuck...' over and over again, until her voice began to fail and her body began to quiver in the beginnings of an orgasm.

Control is something I'd gotten better at through my twenties, and I knew I could take her there and still have something to spare for Alice. I slowed tempo slightly, driving my cock in and out in a steady rhythm until Rene began to twist and buck in the throes of her ecstasy. 

I grabbed Alice by the hair and pulled her face to mine.

We kissed softly, her hair wrapped in my fist. 

Hard and soft. 

Rene shuddered and squeezed me with her legs.

Ying and yang. 

I slowed and then withdrew from Rene.

I moved back and positioned Alice on all fours over the supine Rene. Alice arched her back and I placed my hands on her hips and pushed my cock between her ass-cheeks. She rocked back slightly until our bodies caught and then she slowly forced my cock inside her. She was tight and firm and slicked with sensation. She bent her head and began to kiss Rene's stomach as I began to move slowly inside her. Her moans grew louder as I increased force and speed and then Rene did something unexpected. She twisted herself like a cat so that her head was down by my swinging balls and Alice's swollen clit.

Alice rested her head between Rene's thighs, her cheek sliding back and forth over Rene's pubes as I rocked her to and fro. Her eyes widened and she jerked her head back, straining with pleasure as Rene began to rub her clit as I fucked her from behind. I looked down and fired that scene into my mind for remembering, and then I cried out in shock and pleasure.

Rene had grabbed one of my balls in her hand and then sucked it into her warm mouth so that every time I slammed into Alice, feeling her soft ass bouncing against my stomach, I could feel my sack stretching out from my body, sending shafts of pleasure into my thighs with every thrust.

Alice was beyond help now, sobbing and writhing, and I could feel my orgasm building deep within me until it was all I knew. My world focused into a tunnel of pleasure that burst out of me and pumped into Alice like molten fire. She cried out as she felt my cock spasm over and over within her like a beheaded snake, and then she fell onto her side and drew her knees up against her stomach, panting.

I looked down and saw Rene reach up and grasp my still-hard cock in her hand. She rolled over and pushed herself up on her knees and took the head of it in her mouth, softly. I groaned and she smiled and said;

'So. You gonna' get up a few times tonight as well?'

You bet, I thought- but all I could do was nod.

Let's just say that none of us made it to the next morning's surfing lesson; and leave it that.