 Rinna and I had just recovered our breath and senses from our impromptu love making. It was a first for me, being with a girl, someone like me, and now here's Josh knocking at the door of our camp hut, on the island. Rinna and I had both been attracted to Josh the moment we met him, and had giggled about it like teenagers every night that week. He had to have heard us, and he had to know he was walking into a frisky situation. 

I grabbed my blanket to cover myself, but tried to artfully leave a naked leg and shoulder to be clear that he did in fact hear what he thought he heard. Rinna had casually wrapped herself in a sarong, like a towel that could very easily come down to her feet with little effort, and opened the door to him, inviting him to join us for a drink. 

He'd brought beer. How thoughtful. How 20-something of him, with his floppy brown hair and casually low-slung board shorts. I mean, I'm barely 30 and I think Rinna is like 28, so, it's not a total departure to think he might be interested in...both of us? Rinna is an obvious choice, so petite and sporty and natural with a perfect little bottom, perky little apple-sized breasts and delicate features. I feel vulnerable here, I'm a bit taller with large breasts and padded curves, darker long hair and porcelain skin. I do like that my nipples are the color of the inside of a seashell, perfectly soft pink. I'm not everyone's first choice maybe, but, Josh steps inside, gives me a big, warm smile and sits next to me on the bed, with his tanned athletic leg right up against mine. Ok, he's not horrified at the prospect of seeing me a bit naked. Great. I blush and return the smile. 

Conversation is easy and goes along at a nice pace, he's so friendly and sweet, and in telling us about the hike he'd taken that morning, he touches my hand a few times, taps me on the knee to make a point, and I think strokes his own leg, touching mine in the process, to test the waters. I don't move, we're still touching, and this unspoken encouragement leads to him softening his body and leaning more into me, almost around me. He and Rinna are clearly, overtly flirting. She joins us on the bed between our sets of feet, and I'm not sure which of us wants to kiss her more. 

Her green eyes sparkle, and her delicate nose ring suits her. She's naturally a gorgeous, exotic looking girl. 

I feel his hand come around my shoulder as we lean forward to see some jewelry Rinna's been working on, she ties it around her ankle, and places her foot gently on his leg for inspection. He traces the arch of her foot with his finger, then turns the anklet in admiration, while rubbing the back of my neck with his other hand. 

My quim quivers. 

I'm still not saying much, but am glad this seems to be developing into another kind of friendship. He stops to look at me, and there in that pause, gives me a sweet kiss on the lips, holding my chin a bit as if I might run. Rinna lets her eyes glow at this, and waits to kiss him, too. He turns to her, cradles her cheek, and gives her sweet mouth a kiss. He's asking permission for both of us. 

I take his hand in mine, and bring his fingers to my lips. I take a fingertip into my mouth, give it a gentle lick, and lock eyes with him. Permission granted. His eyes sparkle, and he moves to pull my blanket down, exposing my breasts. Rinna is watching, captivated, and stroking both of our legs, gently. She moves to lie on her side, across my lap, and takes a nipple into her mouth. She stays here, sucking, and I moan a bit. This is a bit of a show, for Josh. I feel my pussy awaken. Josh then runs his hand down the side of my other breast, cups it, gives it a slow, sexy squeeze, and nibbles my ear. His hand then moves to Rinna's hip, and he strokes her gorgeous curve, down her hip, across her lower abdomen, grazing the top of her pubic area, and along the place where her legs meet, to her knees. 

I see him straining the confines of his board shorts, and reach over to loosen the laces that tie them. Opening his package, his penis comes forth, perfectly proportionate, thick, handsome and almost as tan as he is. I want to touch it. He encourages me to explore, and whispers to me that this is so fun, and to tell him if I start to feel pressured at all. He's here to get to know us, and be our friend. That gives me the confidence to gently pull Rinna off of my breast, sit up fully, showing him my best confident self and lean in to kiss her, deeply. He has his hands on both of us, and his cock is growing ever larger. 

I want to show him what Rinna looks like from behind; she's so damn lovely. I am going to lead us for the moment, the sexy tour-guide. I ask her to sit on her knees, with her back to us, and pull her hair up into a pony tail. She complies. I trace the lines of her shoulders, down the center of her back, circle around the small of her back and over her hips, and then ask her to lean forward sliding my hands down her legs as she gets her head down on the mattress. This tilts her beautiful ass end up towards Josh and I, and he is visibly moved by her beauty, but then whispers, "I can't wait to see you like this, too, " and I'm thrilled to comply. He places his hand on the back of my neck, and tips me forward, similarly. 

I feel one of his hands making circles on my ass cheeks, and am sure he's doing the same to her. He asks if it feels good, and we both mmhmm our affirmation. His hand moves lower, and I think I hear him lick his fingers. He's tracing my crack, and stopping to put pressure on my anal opening. He keeps on sliding, finds my slippery wetness, and invites himself in. I hear him doing the same to Rinna. He checks in with us, and we tell him to keep going. I feel his fingers now, at least two, inside my pussy, and then am surprised to feel his thumb entering my behind. Is he doing THIS to Rinna, too? I feel so open, so vulnerable, and so wanted and hot. I feel my breasts engorge, my cheeks flush, and rock myself back and forth along the blanket to feel the friction against my hanging breasts. He leans into me deeper, and I hear Rinna cry out a bit. She and I make eye contact, and she has a devilish smile, and reaches for my hand. We're in this together. 

I hear a condom wrapper being opened and lube applied, and his hands are gone from me for a moment. Rinna and I sit up and turn to him, and he asks me if I would mind laying back for him? He puts me on my back and asks Rinna to get behind him. She rubs his back and shoulders, and cups his balls gently from behind him, pulling and teasing, nibbling at the nape of his beautifully muscled neck and over his small sea-turtle tattoo. She's rubbing his butt, and licking her finger, ready to massage him there. We make eye contact, Josh and I, and with a sweet smile he moves to enter me. He goes so slowly and I feel his breath on my neck and shoulder. He's kissing me down from ear to chest as he gets inside and, I feel every bit of him. I feel my body stretch a bit to hold all of him inside. 

Over his shoulder I see Rinna massaging him, and playing with him from behind. He laughs good-naturedly, and brings her around next to me, and begins to really get momentum going with long, pulsing strokes inside of me. She's watching, eagerly awaiting her turn, and comes down to snuggle me from the side, twirling and tugging at my nipples while he pumps me a bit faster and a bit deeper. Rinna is kissing my ear now and grinding a bit on my hip. I turn to kiss her back and pull her closer to me. I can reach her nipple, and give it a playful pinch before a longer, deeper pull. Our bodies roll with pleasure. Josh is close, I am close, and Rinna is encouraging both of us with kisses and rubbing and her beautiful body on display. Josh grunts low, into my ear and I know he's finished for the moment. 

We all take an opportunity to relax, drink some water and cool down. I'm frustrated, I was so close. Rinna can tell, and asks if I'd like her to give me some special kisses, and as she climbs between my knees and starts rubbing small circles around my clit. She asks Josh to grab something from her bag. He comes back with a vibrator as big as he is, and a smirk. Rinna moves to my side, still licking my clit, and suckling it. She knows to be gentle with me. Josh puts some lube on the tool, and pulls my legs open wide from between my knees.. He slides it in, slowly, with one hand. The other is on Rinna's ass is moving towards her petite little pussy. He gets me back up to pace in a minute, and with her extra attention, I'm cumming for both of them in no time. I feel so self-conscious about what I must have looked like to them, when Josh nuzzles into my ear and tells me that "My God, that was so beautiful to watch. You are so beautiful." 

It's Rinna's turn. He's had time to recover, and gets a fresh condom on. He turns her onto her knees, because, you know, that ass of hers, and enters her from behind. He asks if I might get in front of her, but on my knees with my legs spread. With his long toned arms, he reaches past her head, and hooks my pussy. He's fucking her, and fingering me, and touching my breasts, and as this is his second round, he's harder on her pussy, slaps her ass a bit, I slide down in front of her with my legs open and she latches right onto my hot wetness with her mouth. He slides his thumb into her behind, and she's full, front and back. It's getting faster, harder, and hot as hell in this room. We're all glistening with sweat and sex, and he gives her ass a hard, cracking slap that sends her over. She unlatches from my pussy, looks right into my eyes and gives a primal scream. He's tapped her holiest place, and is ready to pour his own lava deep inside her. He moans, grunts, gives another deep thrust, with her hips tightly in his hands, and then collapses clumsily on top of her. 

We all flop over, giggling, exhausted, sweaty and spent. We roll around a bit, touching each other softly, tickling a little, kissing a little and basking in the late afternoon light. I think we need to move Josh in here with us for the remainder of the trip, just don't tell my husband.