 The couple discussed a host of issues, when ninety minutes later Amber inquired why there were preparing so much food. "I ran into Anna and Sunshine today after my flight. They wanted to hang out, so I invited them over and thus the butt load of tacos. They're tied up for a bit, so hope you don't mind having a late night."

"We can stay up late as you want. It's vacation time. Are your other surfer friends coming too?" asked Amber.

"Nah, I wanted to keep it somewhat mellow and you seemed to hit it off with Anna. Hold on. At the airport, I bought a couple of dresses that you two can wear." Reef dashed off and returned a second later in dark blue shorts and an open white button up. In his hands, were a pair of identical dresses. Olive colored knit material that resembled a tank top more than a dress.

Amber awoke Jenna and brought her to the kitchen. "Sleepyhead, you need to wake up as we are having company over and Reef got us a little present. He handed an outfit to each of the ladies. They had them on for less than a minute before there was a loud knock on the door.

The threesome wondered out to the foyer and Jenna opened the door. The group greeted Sunshine and Anna with hugs and smiles, then invited them into the kitchen. Food was spread out on the table, plates handed out and two bottles of zinfandel popped. The conversation flowed easily, and it took a moment before Jenna and Amber realized their nipples and more could be made out through the sheer knit fabric but pretended not to notice.

Anna did. "Where did you get those gorgeous matching dresses? I want one. Reef didn't tell us to dress sexy."

"He got them for us supposedly at the airport. I'm thinking more likely at a stripper store," Amber answered. "I must admit they are sexy and a touch revealing."

"They look hot on you," Sunshine added. His eyes were having a hard time looking into the ladies' eyes.

"I got them en route to the airport," Reef clarified. "I agree they fit well."

"I don't want to be left out. I'll be right back," Anna added. She found a restroom and reconfigured her outfit. Her jeans were removed. Bra taken off, and her blue chiffon button up blouse was unbuttoned to just above her navel. The tails covered her rear and front. If she bent over, she knew her small tight nipples would be exposed, but it was exciting and both Reef and Sunshine had seen her exit the sea a few times with only a bottom on, so it wasn't like they'd never seen her mostly nude before. When she rejoined the group, all eyes fell upon her.

"You have amazing legs," Jenna whipped out as she walked up to her and softly glided her hands over Anna's thighs.

"Thank you," Anna responded.

"You are the hottest dressed lady here," Amber advised as she walked up to Anna and pushed a strand of hair from her eyes.

"I might have to hike this hem up higher if I'm going to get any attention," Jenna teased.

"She won't," Amber whispered to Anna. "If she did, her pussy would pop into view." Jenna responded by walking up to Amber, using her body to shield the boys view, and quickly pulled up the front of Amber's dress to display her sex.

"And now you know why she won't be pulling her hemline up either," Jenna teased Anna.

"Hey, does anyone mind if I spark up a blunt. Got some BC bud from my cousin. I can go outside if anyone isn't cool with it," Sunshine stated.

"You probably shouldn't light it inside, unless you want to share it with us," Jenna answered.

"The neighbor dropped off a couple of joints. How about if I grab it and we'll have plenty to pass around. Actually, we should step outside. Don't want to give the property managers any reason to tack on some charges," Reef suggested. The group agreed and moved outside by the pool. There the group partook in the vice until only ashes were left. Afterwards, they stood silent for what felt like 30 minutes, but was only five.

"That stuff is heavy," Sunshine finally spoke up.

"Holy fuck I'm stoned," chimed in Jenna with a giggle. "I've hardly ever smoked any pot my entire life. Now in one day I've smoked more than ever before."

"Me too," stated Amber.

"Let's go inside and do something. The conversations are always the greatest when folks are stoned," Anna encouraged the group as she turned and headed inside. The others followed her to the kitchen table where they all took a seat.

"So, what are we going to talk about?" asked Reef.

"What's the weirdest place you've ever had sex? And, Jenna you go first then we'll go around to the left," Anna instructed the group.

"I'm boring. Probably in a car," Jenna answered.

"Or was that a taxicab?" Amber contributed with a giggle.

"Shhhh ... a cab is a car, you silly girl. Sunshine how about you?"

"Probably on my board. Went out early and before the sun was even up, we danced a little dance on the water."

"Ohh ... that sounds interesting," Jenna teased.

"I think mine has been in the back seat of a friend's car while they drove me and a lady friend to the airport in his convertible. It was crazy," Reef answered.

"Reef you are such a stud. Mine would be up on a tree limb in a park by the beach. It was crazy, but we were so wound up we couldn't help ourselves," Anna informed the group. "Ok Amber, last but not least, your turn."

"In my parents shower. Lame, huh?"

"We'll fix that," Anna offered as she put her arm around Amber's shoulder and gave her a squeeze. "I mean, we understand. Oh gosh, I'm buzzed. Jenna, you pick the next question."

"Where did you lose your virginity? Sunshine you get to go first this time."

"On tile, next to a pool, during a high school party. It was horrible," he added as he broke into a laugh. "She wanted to and afterwards I never saw her again. We both were horrible. Made me question why everyone was talking about how great sex is." The others sighed over his honesty and shook their heads in disbelief. "What about you Reef?"

"Ahh, mine is a touch more interesting. My sophomore year of high school, my girlfriend and I decided we were going to do it, so skipped an afternoon of school and went to her house. There we split a bottle of wine, went to her bedroom and got naked. Then she tells me her older sister is going to help because she's done it before. I kind of freaked out but didn't say anything. Our efforts were awkward, so my girlfriend asks her sister to do it with me, so she can watch a bit then it'll be her turn. So, to make a long story short I ended up doing both of them for my first time. The three of us kept at it until their parents got home. In hindsight, it's crazy hot, but when it was happening, I was pretty freaked out."

"Obviously, not freaked out enough not to tap both sisters," Sunshine added. "Mahn, you are definitely my hero now."

"That is such a typical Reef event. I bet that happens to you all the time," Anna questioned.

"Nah, last decade has been a long dry spell. Until this week," Reef responded.

"So, who's the lucky one?" Anna fished out.

"We are all lucky," Jenna answered. "Your turn Anna."

"I can't hold a petal to Reef's loss of his cherry. Mine was after homecoming, I was a junior and lost my flower to the prom king on our football field after the game. It wasn't comfortable, but we did it again later and he did get me off. Been hooked ever since," Anna smiled wickedly.

"Mine was in our downstairs den. A study friend was over. We were teasing each other, then started watching 9 ½ weeks. My parents thought we were studying for a calculus exam. We both got steamy, started kissing and next thing we were naked and doing it. No protection, no experience and we both came hard. Later that night, he snuck into my bedroom and we did it again. A few weeks later, his family moved to another state and I've never seen him since," Amber stated quietly.

"Ohh, how sweet yet sad. Wouldn't it be great if you ran into him again and had a steamy weekend?" Anna suggested.

"Possibly. So, Jenna your turn."

"I wish I had a wild or sweet story, but mine is fairly boring. I was 18, in my bedroom, watching my little sister and her friends. They were having a sleep over; I was in charge and I snuck my boyfriend in. Lost it with Paddington the movie playing loudly. Very sexy, eh? Some fucks are not meant to be repeated. Ok, what question do you suggest Sunshine?"

"Should we stay with the sex topic or focus on more general stuff?"

"Sex, sex, sex, sex," Anna blurted out with Jenna joining her.

"Ok. After a group vote the decision is unanimous---sex it is. What is the wildest thing you've done sexually? Reef, my good mahn, you are up first and surely your tales will not be bland."

"You guys think too much of me. I had sex with three different women in a 24-hour period and they all knew about it. That wild enough?" Reef asked.

"Was it good and would you do it again?" Anna prodded him, while Jenna and Amber remained quiet.

"Fuck yeah! It was great."

"Did it involve group sex too?" Anna fired off.

"That wasn't the question, was it? Now it's your turn young lady."

"Let me think a bit." As Anna focused on her answer, her nipples visibly hardened. "There are a few special incidents. It's hard to decide."

"Damn girl, tell us about all of them," Sunshine hollered.

"Nope. Just one. It was at a dance joint; the music was pounding and I'd taken ecstasy. There was a guy there I clicked with and we kept dancing, then started kissing. I barely had anything on. A short short skirt, and tube top. His hands started to roam over my body, of course it felt heavenly. I was feeling him up. It was getting hotter and hotter and at one point he picked me up, I circled my legs around his waist and when he lowered me a bit his junk was out, he pulled aside my panties, and rather quickly he was buried in me. It felt incredible. When he started moving me up and down, people in the crowd started rubbing my nipples and squeezing my tits. I came over and over. It was explosive. And, yes, I would do it again," Anna declared with a smile.

"Oh gosh. Now I feel on the spot," Amber stated after Anna's story. Whether it was Anna's story, or thinking of unique sexual situations, Amber's nipples were poking out of the thin knit fabric. "Mine would be my first experience with another lady. Nothing fancy. I had amazing sex with this guy, and he suggested a great friend of mine join in and go down on me. I came so many times that night. It was crazy. What about you Jenna?"

"Mine is simple too. I had anal sex and the guy kept putting this clit toy on my clit of all places. Swear to god, I had at least 20 orgasms that night. That's probably the part that makes it wild in my mind. Ok Sunshine, I'm sure you also have some crazy California story. It is just so much more sexually positive out here."

"Mine is wild and trippy. I'd wrapped up a surf competition, did well and we were partying it up afterwards at one of the sponsor's bars. This older guy buys me a few drinks then asks if I like beautiful women and sex. Like, hellooo? Anyway, he hooks me up with his wife and her younger sister as they are into 'surfer dudes.' I shit you not. Hotel room for the night, a hot milf and her hotter sister. Drinks. Food. And the morning after, a cock so sore I almost couldn't walk. That day was better than any sponsorship I ever received. Ok, who gets to ask the next question?"

"Anna," screamed the other participants.

"Let's do a little something different. This will be a bit like asking a question, but instead you have to figure out something. So, Amber, I'm going to blind fold you then have three people kissing you. Afterwards, the person getting kissed has to name the last kisser or take a penalty."

"What's the penalty?" Amber asked promptly.

"The three kissers will decide," Anna responded. After her answer, there was silence, so Anna walked to her purse and fished out a long scarf. She returned to the group and fastened it around Amber's head, tight enough to ensure it blocked her vision. "Ok Anna, instead of giving you a question, the other three will kiss you and then you have to decide who kissed you last. Are you ready for the first kisser?"

"Yes," Amber timidly responded. Anna lined up Sunshine, Jenna and Reef. Sunshine kissed her squarely on the lips but avoided any tongue action or other body touches. His kiss ended quickly.

"Kisser number two is now ready. Are you ready Amber?"

"Yes," she replied, hiding her disappoint in how quickly the first kiss ended.

Jenna approached Amber from behind and slid her hands underneath the tank top dress to fondle her friend's nipples before the kiss started. She massaged them softly before bending down and making out with her. Mouths were open and tongues snaked about. Before the kiss ended, Jenna had exposed both of Amber's breasts then brought the knit fabric up before ending the kiss. Amber was visibly breathing heavy after the second kiss.

"And now the third kisser whose identity you must guess or be forced to endure a penalty."

"I'm prepared to guess the third kisser's identity after the kiss," Amber jokingly responded. The last kiss caused her libido to launch and now she wanted more.

Reef also approached her from behind but avoided fondling her breasts and went straight in for a deep French kiss. As their tongues swirled about, he slowly brought a hand down between her silkie thighs. While the others couldn't see what he was doing, it was obvious to all that he was teasing her female petals.

"Time is up," announced Anna. One minute per kiss or this round will never end. "Who was the last kisser?"

Amber knew damn well that Reef had kissed her last, Jenna before that and so Sunshine went first. The buzzing in her brain and aching in her pussy left her desiring a penalty. "The last kisser was Sunshine."

"Wrong!" Anna excitedly announced. "It was Reef. Ok, now you three decide on a penalty." The three kissers gathered and agreed something calm. Reef suggested she stand up right, bend over at the waist and touch her toes. They all knew that her pussy would be soon popping into view. When the penalty was disclosed, Amber swiftly complied and stayed in the bent position for a few seconds longer than necessary. She was hoping for a more devious dare.

When she stood up, she announced, "Jenna it's your turn now." She grabbed the scarf and tightly wrapped it around Jenna's head to block her vision. Amber arranged the kissers in line, with Reef to go first, followed by Anna and then Sunshine. This group was more forward then the first.

Before Reef even kissed Jenna, he slid the upper portion of her dress off and fully exposed her melons. With both hands, he tweaked her nipples for all to see then released them and bent in to kiss her lusciously. As they kissed, he pulled one of her knees to the side of her chair and pushed two fingers deep into her entrance eliciting a soft moan. With that he ceased the kiss.

"Ok, kisser number two, please start the process," declared Amber. Anna pushed Jenna's chair out from the table and maneuvered between her outstretched thighs. Starting at her shoulder she brought her open mouth to within an inch of her flesh then slowly blew warm air out. The air caress continued down across her exposed breasts, over her thighs and paused for a moment to focus a blast across her quim. Slowly, Anna rose her head upwards, pausing to nibble on each nipple before locking lips with her new friend. The kiss was salaciously hastening the audience's breathing and also exposed Anna's small firm tits. When Anna pulled away, Jenna's mouth leaned out for more.

"I think someone enjoyed that kiss. And now for the final kiss. Prepare yourself young lady," Amber sang out with a chuckle. This time Sunshine was more aggressive. When he brought his lips to hers it was with an open mouth and at the same time, he pressed one hand between her smooth thighs. He was surprised that Jenna returned his kiss forcefully and V'd her legs apart to grant him full access to her sex. Easily, he wedged two fingers up into her. Jenna raised her hips towards him and pulled her dress up to entirely expose herself.

Sunshine's fingers continued to thump in and out of her, causing her to moan. Unexpectedly she reached out and started to fondle his rigid shaft through his shorts.

"Hold on. That's a violation," Anna squawked out. She walked up to Jenna and removed the blindfold. "You can't reach out and use your hands to help determine who's kissing you."

"I was just caught up in the moment," Jenna responded.

"It doesn't matter. By coping a feel, you certainly knew the sex of the kisser. Amber, what do you think should be her penalty?"

"Owwhhh, I don't get this opportunity very often. There were three kissers, so how about three spankings. She can bend over the table to receive her punishment."

"Sounds fair, does anyone disagree?" Anna questioned the group and was met with silence. "Ok Jenna, stand up and bend over the table." Without protest, Jenna did as asked. "Amber you get to spank her first, then Sunshine and I'll have the final honors."

Amber walked over behind her friend and swatted her rear firmly, three swift times in a row. When Amber moved out of the way, Sunshine took her place. "It should be bare bottomed," Anna piped out as she pulled Jenna's dress up above her waist." Sunshine swatted one of Jenna's cheeks, but it landed with a soft pat.

"Come on dude. Her ass is there to be punished, not fondled. Put some speed and force into it," Reef lectured his surfing buddy.

The second swat was swift and left a slight pink tag on Jenna's bottom. Its kindness resulted in a group chant, "Harder, harder, harder." Sunshine felt a bit embarrassed, so his last swat landed with some force and caused Jenna to yelp out from the pain.

"Step aside. Dude, I'm going to show you how to spank a woman. Jenna kneel up on the table with your bottom up high and face down low," Anna ordered. Once she was on top of the table, Anna had Jenna jut out her rear and moved her legs so there was distance between her knees. The result left her rear and vulva on full display. Without any warning, Anna forcefully brought her hand down on Jenna's perfect ass living the imprint of her hand on Jenna's ass.

"Fuckkk," Jenna hissed out. A second blow followed immediately after, except it landed between Jenna's ass cheeks and directly onto her quim. Her lower body reacted by scooting forward as she yelled out again, "Fuckk. Shit that hurt. That was not my ass!"

"I know. Did anyone limit your spankings to your ass?" Anna answered coyly. She took her hand and gently ran it up and down Jenna's inner thighs, in the process softly caressing her sensitive areas. When she withdrew it, another hard swat was pasted onto Jenna's rear.

"Ouchhh, shit that stings," Jenna sang out.

"Is your pussy buzzing right now?" Anna asked.

"Yes, kind of. Cause everyone can see me."

"Or is it the spankings? Someone is now dripping wet," Anna announced as she slid two of her fingers into Jenna's enflamed snatch. "Do you think we should keep spanking you?"

"Maybe. If you think I haven't been punished sufficiently." Anna didn't swat her bottom or quim. Instead, she bent over to lick her pussy and ass. "Ohh goodness," Jenna let out. Surprised by the sudden tenderness and feelings of pleasure.

Anna turned around, and after having Jenna move up, she crawled under Jenna until her lips were just below Jenna's mound. "Lower your pussy to my face. I want to make you cum." Jenna spread her knees until her she felt Anna's tongue licking at her slick opening.

The rest of the room had been silent, but Anna had now crossed a line and the others realized where the evening was headed. Sunshine walked up behind Amber, pressed his rigid member into her rear, pulled down her tank top dress to expose her tits and began fondling them. Amber responded by reaching behind and diving her hand into Sunshine's shorts, so she could massage his crotch. It felt natural to her. A few days in California had changed her thinking about sex. It was now a tool for pleasure and felt like something one should share with select friends.
