 Thanks to Kayvamp for inspiration & checking

*

You walk through the darkened house to find me kneeling at the foot of your bed... waiting... smiling... naked...

Waiting for a small nod from you, I rise, pausing to let your eyes slide down my body, lingering as you notice my excitement.

I move towards you, and then circle around behind you. My hands move lightly over your body, tugging at a button here, or a zipper there, letting your clothes slip to the floor piece by piece, until our bodies have nothing between them, and our skin is touching all the way from our intermingled legs to my lips pressed against your neck.

My hands tightly grip your hips as I move you towards the bed, pressing u face down onto the silk sheets, crawling onto the bed behind you... my lips finding your knee and moving up the outside of your thigh... across your hip... past the small of your back... and up your spine... moving across your shoulder... down you outstretched arm to suck a finger into my mouth. My body draped across yours. Something hot and hard pressing into your back...

And then suddenly you feel cool steel and hear a click as the handcuff snaps closed around your wrist... locking your arm to the corner of the bed. Your instinct to jump back is held by my body pressing down on you, but then you relax and my tongue continues to explore your body... up your arm... along your back... over your gorgeous ass and then down the inside of your thigh. Guessing... wondering... but only knowing when you hear the snap of the cuff on your foot, holding you to the opposite corner of the bed,

My fingernails press into your ankles, then drag upwards all around your leg... sliding higher inside and outside your thigh... up between your cheeks, then raking up over your spine to your shoulder. My body presses down... my cock nestling snugly between you cheeks as my hands push your arm towards the corner of the bed to the next handcuff.

Knowing what comes next, you do not struggle... but I still have to put my hands between your thighs to spread your legs wide enough for your ankle to reach the final cuff.

Standing, I look down at your body. Face down on the bed, legs spread wide, tied to the corners of the bed. You are completely at my mercy and quivering with anticipation. I lean across your body and lightly trail my fingers across parts of your body... your ribs... your hip... your neck... your back... lightly between your cheeks...

You hear me move to the cupboard and hear the door slide open, some rustling noises, then I return and you feel a silk scarf move over your face. The blindfold tied effectively you cannot see me as I again return to your body to tease and kiss and touch and lick and rub.

----

Your body melts into the bed as I explore your body... your hips moving a little when I touch you in special places... your breathing getting a little deeper as you feel my teeth lightly sink into your neck and you feel my breath against your ear. You moan with please as you feel my hard cock nestle between the cheeks of your gorgeous little ass and you grind back against me.

You almost sigh with disappointment as you feel me rise from the bed and move away again... but quickly realize I have gone back to the cupboard when you hear more rustling.

As I return, you feel cool plastic touch the inside of your ankle, feeling it slide higher and higher along the inside of your thigh... higher until it touches both of your thighs at the same time... only inches from when you want it to be... but I move it around... teasing you along the crease where your leg joins your cheek... then higher and over your back... bumping over your spine up to your neck. You jump a little as I click the vibrator on and your feel the tickle against your the back of your neck and shudder as I move lower again. I lean in and follow the vibrator with my tongue. Licking and kissing and biting your spine as I sneak lower and lower on your back... finally reaching your ass I gently press the vibrator between your cheeks and run it all the way around until it starts to slide freely along your slick wet lips. My fingers feel the heat coming from inside you. The tip of the vibrator threatens to slip inside you as you grind and moan. My teeth sink into the flesh of your ass to hold you down as I tease back and forth along your lips... twisting and turning the vibrator until it is fully wet and slippery.... glancing across your clit every now and then to feel you shudder...

One final time I slide the vibe across your lips... then pause... gently pressing against you as the vibe slips between your dripping wet lips. Pushing deeper and deeper ... ever so slowly until the tips of my fingers are touching you and the vibrator is buried deep inside you.

Once again I get up off the bed and walk away, leaving you to grind your hips and try to fuck the vibrator left buried inside you. Your breathing is heavy. Your body is writhing and moving around on the bed as you try to get more sensation from the buzzing toy inside you. Your legs and arms still bound to the corners of the bed do not allow you to get much satisfaction, but you try... and it looks sexy as hell from where I stand.

Once more you hear the door open, and some rustling, before hands return to your body. Fingers brushing up your legs... between your cheeks... close, but not touching the vibrator that you desperately want to be fucked with. Lips kiss your back, your neck. You moan and beg for more... and yet you freeze with shock when you feel a second set of hands touch your ankles and start to slide up your body...

----

Not knowing who is touching you, which hands are mine, who else might be with us, you try to resist the feelings that have been building up inside you, but as the second set of fingers finally reach the vibrator and start to slowly push it in and out of your dripping pussy you give in to your body and start to writhe in pleasure.

You feel hands grab your head and turn to the side and get your first clue as to who else is in the room as you taste sweet lip gloss as the stranger kisses you deeply. Her hands roam through your hair as she feels you moaning from the sensations of the vibrator. 

You feel her move around on the bed, positioning herself in front of you. You know what is coming as you can smell and feel how turned on she is. She takes your head in her hands and lifts you up before sliding in under you. She holds your head in position so you can lick her. Her legs draped over your shoulders. You are already moaning and grinding your hips trying to work the vibrator deeper into your pussy, but now your moans have an extra effect on the stranger on front of you. The vibrations from your voice tickle her and you feel her hands grip your hair tighter as she starts to fuck herself with your face. You try to lick and suck her as she grinds her pussy into your face, and you know you're doing something right from how wet she is and how much her hips are pushing back up at you.

Concentrating on her, you have almost forgotten the vibrator until it is taken away. You gasp and would stop licking, if not for the strong hands and urgent needs of the stranger in front of you. But you aren't left wanting for long, as you feel the hot tip of my cock at slide between your lips. You are so wet that I can slide all the way inside you with one long slow push. Pausing as i reach the bottom... you can feel me throbbing.

I lean down over your body, and you feel my teeth gently biting your shoulder. My face brushes up against the stranger's naked thigh. I whisper in your ear.

"Eat her pussy. 

Lick it. 

Make her cum. 

Be a good little sex toy.

I can see your tongue flicking her clit.

I want to see her cum all over your face.

You have to make her cum before you are allowed to.

Just like a fuck toy.

Make her cum and I will fuck you hard.

Can you feel how hard I am?

Can you feel me throbbing deep inside you?"

I can feel your hips moving trying to draw more sensation from the hard cock buried inside you. You are so hot that you just want to fuck hard and cum over and over, but I hold you tight. Keeping my cock pressed firmly inside you and not allowing you to fuck me. 

Finally you sense that I will not give in, and so you try to focus on the stranger. Your tongue finds her clit and starts to flick across it more quickly. You feel her respond with a shudder, knowing that she must be close. You draw it into your mouth and suck, while flicking it with your tongue. This drives her over the edge. You feel her hands press down tight on your head as her hips press up against your face. You feel her body twitching and shuddering over and over as she cums in your mouth. You keep sucking hard trying to keep her cumming until she finally collapses and pushes your head away, exhausted and too sensitive.

As soon as she has collapsed you start to feel my cock moving inside you. Slowly I pull out... then slaw back inside you. After what I have just seen you know I must be close to cumming as well. And after what you have been through tonight you are only seconds away from cumming too. You feel the stranger move around run her hands over your body as we fuck faster. Her hands move around behind us and between your legs, tickling your thighs and feeling how wet you are as my cock slams in and out of you. She finds your clit and starts to rub, and you can tell from the extra push I give that her other hand has found my ass or is massaging my aching balls.

Now it is her turn to push us over the edge. We are both moaning and sweating... your hips pushing back against me. Moaning and grunting over the slapping over our bodies. I feel your body tense and shake as you start to cum and this drive me over the edge. I push deep inside you as I feel my cock explode again and again into you as you shudder and shake beneath me, until we both finally slow to a stop and lie there, sweaty and exhausted... satisfied for now.... 

And then you feel the strangers hands slide down to untie your bonds and you know that the night has just started...