 “Come over here and sit on the bed” the tall man said as he led me into his bedroom. “I have something I think you will enjoy.”

“What do you have in mind?” I asked as I sat down on the end of his bed. I looked up and standing in the doorway was one of his friends, Matt. “Oh. Something I might enjoy.” Matt walked up to me, kissing me hard on the lips. His lips were soft; he brushed his tongue lightly across mine. I looked at Jeff out of the corner of my eye. He was busy adjusting the lights and playing with the radio.

Our kiss ended. “So, whose idea was this?” I was so excited at the thought of these two gorgeous men loving my body. 

He just gave me a big grin over his shoulder. “Well, we both came up with it. I thought you might like a little company tonight.” Jeff had lit a candle and had music playing in the background. Jeff walked towards the bed. Stopping to take off his hat and removing his shirt. I love the way his skin seemed to dance in the candlelight.

“How far are you willing to take this?” I reached out for both of their hands, pulling them closer to me on the bed. 

I didn’t get an answer. Matt reached down and pulled my shirt off, Jeff sat down behind me. Pulling my hair down from a bun, my long blonde hair falling down past my shoulders. He tenderly pulled it to one side and kissed the back of my neck, a soft moan escaped my lips.

Matt had reached behind me to undo my bra as Jeff’s gentle kisses moved around my neck, his hand on my face pulling it off to the side. Moaning as their hands roamed my body. I pulled Matt’s shirt off, running my hands down his dark shoulders and toned chest. 

I was leaning back into Jeff feeling his bare chest rub against my back. I brushed my cheek against his, feeling his soft skin. Moaning as I take in his warmth and loving smell. Matt was kissing down my chest, rubbing my small breast with his strong hands. I ran my hands through his long dark hair as I watched him work on my small mounds. 

I reached back with my other hand, and turning my face into Jeff, eagerly kissing our lips wanting more. Our breathing and moaning growing louder and faster. Matt’s kisses dropping lower down my stomach, reaching my shorts. He kissed down my leg as he pulled them off. 

Jeff stood up to the side of the bed I reached up and pulled his shorts down. His eyes staring down at me with passion and excitement. I took his large cock in my hands, stroking his length. 

Matt worked his way back up my legs, kissing and his hands slowly reaching my hips. I feel his hard cock through his pants. Working it slowly with my foot, feeling his breath on my inner thigh. His fingers stroked my swollen lips through the wet material. My free hand pulled him closer, running my hands roughly down his back.

I pulled Jeff closer to me, licking my lips. I run his cock across them, teasing him with my tongue at first. Then opening my mouth widely, I sucked his large head into my mouth. Circling with my tongue, taking him deeper. He ran his soft hands gently down the side of my face.

Matt’s fingers moved back and forth, I rocked my hips with his rhythm. He pulled my thong off to the side and kissing and sucking my clit. Matt worked his tongue powerfully into my wet canal. I spread my legs wide for him, squirming as his tongue worked in and out of my hot pussy. I could feel my orgasm building; they were driving me crazy. I bucked against his face as I came, his hands tightly wrapped around my hips, sucking up my juices.

Jeff was in my moaning mouth rocking forward to meet my strokes. I pulled him closer with my hand on his sexy hard ass. Jeff’s strong shoulders and arms tightened as our pace increased. I could tell he was getting ready to cum, I could taste his sweet pre-cum dripping from his manhood.

He pulled away and bent down to kiss me our tongues dancing back and forth. Our lips were pressed in a long and hard embrace. He pulled away again giving me look filled with lust. “I’m not ready yet. Matt, trade places with me.” 

Matt stood up and I quickly removed his shorts and boxers. His hard cock bounced free of his shorts. I moved on to all fours, positioning Matt in front of me. Jeff lay down between my legs on the bed. I lowered my yearning pussy down on his awaiting mouth. He sucked on my throbbing clit. My knees weakened as he plunged his tongue into my love box.

I took Matt as far as I could into my mouth, rocking my body into him. He moaned and ran his finger through my hair pulling slightly. I took him further into my mouth, sucking him deeper down my throat. 

“Oh, baby that feels so good.” Matt moaned out of his mouth.

Jeff worked his fingers into my wet pussy, as his tongue teased my clit. As he sucked and licked, I moaned and wiggled against him, as I came again. 

Jeff stood behind me rubbing his throbbing cock against my ass. He leaned forward and whispered in my ear. “Do you want both of us at the same time?” I just looked back with eyes full of desire. “Matt slide down under her.”

Matt slid down. He ran his strong hands along my body as he placed his cock at my opening. I lowered myself down on to his cock, letting out a delightful sigh as he entered my dripping sex. He entered me slowly, working his manhood deeper inside. Jeff slowly worked his way in from behind. Working his loving hands down my back, rocking to meet my ass with his strokes.

I arched my back and gasp with pleasure from the sweet torture of the two men loving my body. I turned my head around, Jeff’s mouth meeting mine, kissing passionately through the pounding. Matt was assaulting my bouncing breast with his mouth from below.

We were moaning and fucking and pounding, our sweaty bodies gliding against each other. Their hands on my hips pulling and pushing, their cocks buried deep inside me. The threesome was building into a state of ecstasy. Matt’s hard cock still buried in me; I came again from the friction of their two cocks fucking my holes. 

Matt’s mouth pressed hard against mine kissing hungrily. I clamped my muscle around his cock milking him as he came. I came collapsing on Matt hard chest, Jeff still pounding me from behind. I reached back to rotating Jeff’s balls in my hands; as he pounded fiercely into me, grunting loudly as he came. 

He laid down pressing his hot, sweaty body against mine, and gently kissed my lips. The three of us lay on the bed our sweaty bodies press together, out of breath with the sweet smell of sex in the air.