 Reef prepared some green tea and poured the steaming beverage into two cups which he placed on the kitchen table. "This is my over-consumption remedy, along with some anti-inflammatories. Sleep never hurts either."

"When I nap, it often turns into a four to five-hour spell and that really screws up my next night. A few of the shots I tossed over my shoulder. There's not a lot of me, so I really can't go drink for drink with someone that weighs much more." 

"Ahhh, the old over the shoulder trick. Good for you. Jenna looks pretty rough," Reef replied.

"Did you enjoy last night?" Anna asked with a tentative look on her face.

"Of course. What guy wouldn't? Sex with three beautiful women? I still keep pinching myself as this can't be real."

"Did you think I was a beautiful before last night?"

"Anna I've always thought you were hot. What's up with the grilling?"

"I just thought you enjoyed my company but that I wasn't your type. Its ok to be honest."

"You've busted me a few times staring at your butt. It was kinda embarrassing."

"I don't remember that. When I was topless at the beach a few times you seemed to avoid me."

"There were only two times. The first time was at night, you were tipsy and showing off. What you didn't know is my younger brother passed away two days before. He was battling cancer and supposedly accidentally overdosed. I and he knew what he was doing. It was terminal and that was his egress with dignity option. It really hurt. Still does, but I know he'd kick my ass for wasting any more time grieving. Yeah, so that night I did ignore you. Actually, I ignored everyone."

"Shit Reef. I never knew," Anna answered as she shot a hand across and held onto Reef's hand.

"Please keep it to yourself. It was a bummer, but he had a good life, he showed me the importance of living each day like it's your last and how fucking rich a smile can be. Yeah, I miss him, but we talk often."

"Maybe someday you can tell me about some of the smiles you shared."

"Yeah, I could do that with you. The second time was when we got some freaky banana current ripping up from the equator and you were out there shredding away when you lost your top but didn't give a shit. That's living. We paddled in together then chatted a little," Reef added.

"I remember that, except you barely responded to any of my questions and kept your eyes focused on the sky."

"You didn't know?"

"Know what?" Anna whipped back.

"I had a Woodie from checking you out and was totally embarrassed as it seemed like everyone noticed."

Anna burst out laughing. "Are you serious? I did not know. Oh my god, how did I miss that opportunity?"

"You probably would have just pointed at me and laughed."

"No. That would be cruel. At the time, I kind of had a serious crush on you but convinced myself you had no interest. I would have at least thanked you for demonstrating quite a compliment and maybe I would have done more. Well I definitely would have if my inhibitions were loosened a touch."

"Like what?" Reef inquired.

"If I would have had a couple of drinks in me, I probably would have reached out and touched it."

"That could have caused some trouble."

"Why?" Anna asked with a look of concern on her face.

"Well Sunshine and you weren't an item, and you've got a rocking body with an incredibly beautiful mind so I may have responded by slinging you over my shoulder, carrying you up here and doing all kinds of naughty things with you."

"Hmm. We might have to arrange a repeat of that scene."

"I don't want to do anything that Sunshine wouldn't be cool with. You and he seem solid."

"Reef! We're roommates with benefits. He fucks other people, and so do I. Sunshine is a great person, but we have our differences. I want kids, he doesn't. We both love each other but know also that is a relationship killer, so we are just fuck friends. Maybe a bit more but get it."

"Shit. I thought you two were a serious 'gonna be forever' item."

"Hopefully friends forever. Sex with him is great and we enjoy each other, even love each other but we are also honest."

"That's a bit sad," Reef commented. I was hoping to see little dark skinned curly headed, blue-eyed Sunshine Annas on the beach and flying on the waves.

"What would be sad is to force someone into that or take that from someone. So, you really got a boner from just looking at my breasts?"

"Well, it was in the morning, so those things are more likely to happen then, and it wasn't just your breasts. You're pretty damn cute, plus the bottoms you had on really showed off your ass nicely and you are always flashing that amazing smile."

"So, now that we've copulated how do you feel about me?" Anna asked with a teasing smile as she finished the last of her tea.

"I don't know. The same, I guess, but maybe closer or appreciative that we had some fun and may again. I just want to make sure we stay tight. It's not very often life tosses you a great friend, who is brilliant and loves to do the same things."

"Yeah, I do love using my mind, and I do love surfing. Did you know that I also love flirting, fireworks and fucking?"

"Interesting. I did not," Reef answered.

"Do you like this outfit?"

"Well, it looks comfy."

"What a too big t-shirt and baggy shorts don't do it for you?"

"I didn't say that," Reef objected.

"Would you mind if I rummaged through your closet and found something a little more comfortable?"

"Have at it. My house is your house." Anna excused herself and quietly entered Reef's bedroom where her two friends continued to dose. Reef thought it might be nice to have a salad prepared for later, so got to work on prepping the veggies. When Anna returned, she'd lost the clothes she'd borrowed from Amber, and was now outfitted in a white men's button-up with only a few of the buttons fastened. It brought back memories of the night before and sent a zing through Reef's package.

"Need some help?"

"Sure. I'm just chopping up veggies for a salad later. Thought it would be good to have it ready in advance."

"I'll wash the carrots, green onions and radishes then help you chop them. What's on your agenda for the day?"

"Not much. Understand you might be taking Amber to an interview or two at some schools. Might try to get Jenna in the water and a little more board time while you two are off. After that, I don't have anything set up." Just then Anna returned with an armful of the washed veggies. It appeared she'd washed them well with a liberal use of water as the front of Reef's shirt was soaked which made it fairly sheer. Reef could easily make out her nipples and the crack of her sex. "Looks like you lost the water fight with the plants."

"Do you disapprove of a wet woman?"

"Never," Reef answered with a smile.

Reef could feel some life from down below. A week ago, sex twice a day would be a maximum limit. He felt his body was adjusting to his new habits and his swelling confirmed it.

The way Reef was looking at her body, the uninhibited stares, and his full crotch confirmed to Anna that he did indeed find her attractive. "Reef, do you trust me?"

"Of course. That's a weird question. What's up?"

"I have a friend who is a chemist and works for an unnamed drug manufacturer. They are in the final phase of testing that involves a rival to the traditional men's little blue pill. It acts like it, but instead of a constant erection it allows men to recover fairly fast and provides one with a very rigid member. I've got a few if you'd like to try one. Just thought with nothing planned tonight it might turn into a wild night. Actually, the friend is also a professor at USC and who I've arranged to interview Amber. It's a small world, favors never hurt."

"Wow, sounds too amazing to be true. What are the side-effects and risks?"

"Well, that is one of the final pieces they are working on. Right now, it looks like the top side-effects, like one in 50,000 are restlessness, heart palpitations, an erection that won't go away and blindness."

"Blindness? Fuck that, I don't want to risk losing my eyesight for a fuck." Anna started laughing hysterically at Reef's reaction.

"I just made that one up. Figured it would fit in with the whole blindness by masturbation theme. So, do you want to try one? It takes about an hour to fully kick in and lasts for approximately 12 hours, give or take a few."

"Sure, but only if you think it is safe," Reef added.

"I do, otherwise I'd never would have offered it to you." Anna then pulled a little plastic bag out of the front pocket and from it pulled a small green pill. She placed it on the tip of her tongue then stuck her tongue out and mumbled, "Hered you gohh." Reef smiled, brought his mouth to hers, and when Anna deposited the green pill in his mouth he swallowed it while collapsing his arm around her midsection.

"You are a planner. Totally intended to get wet, didn't you? And why are the pills green? Seems like an odd color choice?"

"Maybe a little wet. I thought it might capture your attention," Anna whispered as she returned her mouth to Reef's lips. The two kissing deeply for a long spell as Reef's hands molested Anna's firm full cheeks. She could feel him growing and didn't hesitate to grind her mound into him. When there was a pause in the kissing, she answered the rest of his question. "They are green based on the green M&Ms theory. You remember that silly notion from junior high?"

Reef smiled and didn't answer. Instead, he slowly unbuttoned the rest of his shirt that Anna was wearing. His hands raced over her hard nipples before one moved downwards. A single finger parted her outer lips and drew slow firm circles around her clit.

"That feels nice. You've no idea how many times I've masturbated thinking of you. It is still so hard to believe we're doing this," Anna sang into Reef's ear.

"Did you ever think I was doing the same?" Before she could answer, Reef picked her up, set her on the table top and squeezed two fingers into her vagina. The attention caused Anna to heavily plant her lips up against Reef's. When they broke Anna was breathing heavily.

"If you would have called me any night, I would have dashed over and screwed you silly."

"I'll have to remember that."

"Are you going to take me on your kitchen table?" Anna inquired as she parted her thighs so Reef could stand between them.

"Yes. A perfect appetizer." With those words out, he unbuttoned his shorts and casually stepped out of them. Once gone, he pulled a chair between Anna's legs, took a seat and brought his mouth to her swollen lips. Delicately, he explored her sex. Sucking on both sets of her lips, probing her folds with his tongue before diverting its attention to her standing button. The attention to this region produced a series of soft coos. Ultimately, Anna's hands came to rest on the back of Reef's head as she pulled his mouth closer to her sex and engaged a light orgasm.

After Anna's release, Reef stood up and guided the tip of his penis to her pink entrance. Anna used her hands to clasp the back of her knees to pull them forward and apart. "That was nice. Thank you," she softly stated. "This is kind of special as it's just you and I, and my mind is totally clear. Well, actually, that's a misstatement as I'm totally in lust right now."

"I can't believe you thought I was not in to you. You knew I loved talking with you and I've told you how your mind blows me away. Then you have those long light-colored curls down to your neck, the light-colored hazel eyes and the body of an athlete. Shit, you intimidated me."

"Do I still?" Anna inquired.

Reef pushed the head of his dick into her entrance. "Not with the tip of my cock in you. No, now I just want to enjoy you, now, later and often."

"Quit talking and do me." Reef complied. He pressed into her as far as possible until he could go no further, slowed eased his cock back out then repeated the process over and over. Each time, slowly increasing his pace. While doing so, Anna leaned upwards and brought her full lips to Reef's open mouth. As the two kissed, their love making became chaotic.

Droplets of sweat formed on the temples of Anna's forehead as their heavy breathing brought an end to their kissing. Anna raised her legs upwards and Reef hooked them under his shoulders. The pace of his thrusting had increased rapidly, and both were getting close. Anna wedged one hand between them to diddle her own cliterous while Reef fondled her firm bums and worked a finger into her rear. 

"Oh, Lordy you feel delicious. Aughhhh, I can feel, aughhhhh-oohhh, I can feel another one coming. Ouhhh, its big. Cum with me. Fill me. Ohhhh fuckkk, oohhh fukkk ... I'm cummmmminnngg Reef. I'm cumming. AaaOOhhhhhh."

"Fuck!! Me too!!" Reef groaned out. Volleys of jism fired from his man pole and filled Anna's small crevice. After their climax, the two remained joined together at the hip with Anna looking up into Reef's eyes as she smiled ferociously.

"That should have taken place long ago. Was it satisfying?"

"Yes. Do you need to ask? Confession time. I've tossed off regularly dreaming of your ass. A reoccurring theme is you blowing me, then asking for anal play after I explore your front side for a bit."

"Ha! I'm not much into rear play, but blow jobs are a different story." Anna nudged Reef back then moved off the table and squatted before him. She brought his half-inflated penis to her lips and gradually took him fully into her mouth.

Reef enjoyed her administrations briefly before he edged away. "It's too sensitive right now. Raincheck?"

"Deal," Anna replied with a kind smile. "Should we clean-up then finish the salad?"

"I kind of like you naked and me being naked. There's no rush. We can just keep prepping away if it's fine with you."

"Well something will soon be leaking down my thighs."

"That ok. I think that's kind of sexy to be honest. I love that just fucked look on a woman, especially as gorgeous as you."

"I cannot believe all these years we've known each other that we've both had the hots for one another and kept silent about it."

"At least we know otherwise now," Reef retorted. He moved up behind her and pressed his crotch into her rear. "And don't think that just because you're not into anal that I'm going to end my little fantasy."

"I wouldn't dream of it," Anna responded. She wiggled her bubble butt into Reef's crotch then added, "Perhaps you'll just have to seduce me into exploring such with you."

Reef's mind went into overload. He brought his hands around to her front to fondle her firm nipples while grinding into her rear. Gently, he started to nibble on her neck.

"Not so fast sailor. Seduction takes time, and we need to finish the salad." With those words out, Anna stepped away from his embrace and wondered over to one of the kitchen islands. She grabbed a knife, bunch of carrots and started to dice them. Reef joined her and assisted with the salad prep.

A few minutes into the process Anna objected with a smile. "Reef, quit staring at me. It's not like we weren't just doing it or that you've never seen me nude before."

"Tis hard to keep one's eyes off such a rare jewel." Anna responded by chucking a snow pea at Reef who almost managed to duck out of its way.

"Careful young lady. Might damage the goods."

"Ha. I think the goods arrived damaged. What kind of salad are we work on making any way?"

"Two salads actually. One a kale salad and the second a Cobb salad with various items laid out in a row. The kale salad will be light, with just wilted kale, pinon nuts and grapefruit, while the Cobb salad will have snow peas, cauliflower, boiled eggs, avocados, carrots, cucumbers, radishes, smoked chicken breast, tomatoes and green onions all on a thin bed of romaine lettuce. That work for you?"

"Sounds amazing. So, we've got some more chop chopping to do?"

"Yes, my dear. If you need a break I fully understand." A second pea flew through the air, but this time Reef successfully managed to avoid it. The couple had chopped up most of the ingredients when Reef had Anna start work on the kale salad. She supremed a few grapefruit then destemmed the kale before requesting additional instructions.

"Do I need to boil some water to blanch the kale?" Anna asked cheerfully.

"Nope. A little secret. Chop them up finely, then I'll get you some olive oil and pour a handful onto the chopped kale in a bowl. Instead of blanching you are going to massage or knead the leaves for about ten minutes. Once that is done then we'll add the juice from one lemon and fresh garlic. The grapefruit sections and nuts will go on last."

"So, I get the manual labor chore?"

"I won't even charge for the workout," Reef shot back. Midway through the kale massage, Reef walked up and stood directly behind Anna with his crotch pressed up against her rear. "How's it going?"

"Are you just asking so you can brush your junk against my bottom?"

"Maybe," Reef replied as he reached around her and grabbed the bottle of olive oil. "Your solid work inspired me. Mind if I rub your shoulders a touch?"

"Actually, that sounds wonderful." Reef poured a dollop of the oil into a small bowl then departed for a second as he warmed it in the microwave. He returned to his position and drizzled a tablespoon of the oil across Anna's shoulders. Tenderly, he rubbed the oil into her shoulders and upper back. A few minutes later, he dipped his fingers into the bowl and used it to apply deep pressure to her lower back. The pressure brought a sigh of relief from Anna and halted progress on her chore.

The bowl was again grasped, but this time its contents were lightly poured over her muscular behind. "I knew there was an ulterior motive." As Reef rubbed her splendid bottom, Anna leaned forward against the counter to highlight her ass. After her bottom, he worked on her hamstrings before requesting that she turn around. As she did, Reef stood up and pulled her into his arms. Their lips made contact, causing their mouths to open which induced a wild twirling ceremony involving their tongues.

When their make-out session ebbed, Reef bent his knees and greedily sucked one of Anna's nipples into his mouth. With an increasing fervor he sucked firmly on each nipple before using his front teeth to nibble on them sharply.

"Fuck Reef. What are you doing? I, I thought we're supposed to be cooking?"

"Just having fun and scratching a long-held itch. Do you mind?"

"Not at all," Anna cooed. Reef returned one of Anna's nipples to his mouth as he dipped the fingers of one hand back into the oil. Once coated, he brought his fingers to her quim and smothered it in oil before pressing a digit into her entrance.

"Someone is wet," Reef announced with upwards curled lips.

"That's from our play earlier."

"I think someone would be quite wet even if that didn't take place."

"Perhaps," Anna sighed as she felt a second of Reef's fingers edge into her. Slowly, she dragged her fingers down the length of Reef's exposed chest until her fingers reached his penis. Softly she wrapped her fingers around his shaft. "I thought the pill had kicked in a little early. I guess not."

"Sorry to disappoint you. I just couldn't resist not touching you any further. Do you mind?"

"No. It feels pretty heavenly, to be honest."

"I'm sure later it will swell, but now it's down for a spell." Reef noticed one of the cucumbers out of the corner of his eye. With his free hand, he reached over and grabbed it. "Were you hoping for something like this?"

"Not really. I prefer flesh colors over green." Reef brought the cucumber down to Anna's moist taco, extracted his fingers and started to rub its smooth skin against her crack.

"Reef, what are you doing?"

"Do you play with toys when you are home alone and horny?"
