 Alicia wasn't sure what the status of her relationship with Peter was. She didn't want to break up with him and she didn't want him to break up with her, but she didn't know where they stood after he asked her to leave earlier. Did he dump her? Was she single now? Maybe if she were, she would feel less guilty about what was about to happen. If she were single, having sex with someone other than Peter, wouldn't feel like cheating. Despite trying to rationalize this in her head, she still had mixed emotions about tonight. On the one hand, she felt guilty that she was going to have sex with someone else who wasn't Peter. On the other hand, she felt angry that her father would even suggest putting her into a situation like this. On another hand, what would this do to her reputation? She was invisible before, but now everyone would think of her as a slut. And another, what would tonight do to the relationships she had with her father and her boyfriend, Peter? She didn't have enough hands to list all of the complications about tonight's gangbang.

She arrived at the bar as soon as they were closing up. She got out of the truck and walked up to the bar. She looked at the faces of the patrons leaving the bar and each of them looked like they had no idea about what was about to happen. It made sense to her. This isn't the sort of thing you want to advertise or have flyers made at Kinko's for. This was something her father had to keep private. This realization made her feel a little more at ease about her situation. If this was going to be a private matter, not many people would find out about it.

The last customer to leave held the door open for her as she stepped inside. The bar looked empty. The only person she saw was Cheryl, the bartender.

Cheryl noticed her come in. "Looks like daddy's little girl is going to be the main attraction here tonight. Get your clothes off. The guys are waiting in the back." She meant the back room where everyone met to play cards on Wednesday and Saturday nights and darts on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Cheryl never liked her and this was obvious to Alicia. Cheryl felt like Alicia was given everything she ever wanted and was nothing more than a spoiled brat. Knowing that she would be gangbanged tonight made her feel better. Cheryl thought that this would knock Alicia down a couple pegs. She wouldn't be so high and mighty anymore.

She wanted her father to come over to her to make her feel better about the situation, but he was nowhere to be found. Cheryl spoke up again, "Come on. Get your fucking clothes off. They're waiting for you! Fuck!"

She felt like crying. She didn't want to give Cheryl the satisfaction of seeing that though. She unbuckled the belt on her short black shorts and laid it on the filthy, sticky table next to her. It was apparent that Cheryl didn't care about keeping her father's bar neat and tidy. That didn't matter now. She had to get undressed in front of a woman she couldn't stand, then walk bare ass naked into a room full of guys, and have sex with them. She took off her pink and black tennis shoes and laid them on the table as well. Her socks were mismatched Adventure Time themed with Finn on her left foot and Jake on her right. Even though she was an adult, she still watched cartoons. They made her happy.

Alicia took her socks off and stuffed them in her shoes. Then she unbuttoned her shorts and slowly slid them down her pale, slender legs. Next was her shirt. Her large, double D breasts strained against the purple bra that she had on. Cheryl was jealous of Alicia's figure. She wasn't overweight, but still had large breasts. 

Despite being chubby in a few places, Cheryl thought Alicia had the perfect body. A body she would kill for. She saw the way patrons looked at her when she came in. 

No one paid any attention to her when Alicia was around.

She was trying to decide what should go next. The bra or the panties. She sighed and slowly slid down her bright green panties and stepped out of them. Then she quickly unclasped her bra and put it in her pile of clothes. Cheryl took a look at the now stark naked Alicia and became even more jealous. Alicia's tits did sag a little without the bra, but they still looked better than hers even when Cheryl was younger. Her ass looked great too. It didn't seem fair that someone like Alicia could get anything that she wanted AND look like this good. It began to make her feel angry.

"Come on now. What the fuck are you waiting for? Get back there!" Cheryl barked. After some hesitation, Alicia slowly walked down the hall to the back room. A crude purple curtain hung on a shower rod above the doorway. She took a deep breath and walked through.

As she stepped through the curtain, she looked around the room. The room was a dingy, dirty mess. The ceiling had white tiles scattered across it with one missing, exposing an old pipe. The walls used to be white, but were now a yellowish color from years of smoking. On the left wall stood two black dart machines and two card tables folded up and set against the wall. The carpet below her feet was just as dirty as the rest of the room. It was generic blue carpeting that offered no comfort against the concrete that law beneath it with multiple snags and tears. In the middle of the room lay an old mattress. She knew that this is where she was going to be most of the night. Surrounding the mattress, she counted the number of men.

One, two, three, four...shit. That's Manny! Five...and Roger! Two of her father's best friends and frequent customers. She had known them since she was little. 

Six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven...fuck! It's Tommy Harris! The creep that hit on her earlier! She had to have sex with him!? And what's this? Twelve, thirteen! Two more guys!? The extra guys seemed to be friends of Tommy's. They stood next to him, punching him on the shoulder and whispering at him. The three of them looked more excited than anyone else.

All of the men were in various stages of dress. Some were completely naked. Some were just wearing a t-shirt. They were all naked from the waist down, holding their cocks, stroking them, while they stared at Alicia.

Alicia stood there with one hand over her breasts and one over her pussy, trying to maintain some modesty. She looked nervous to everyone in the room, if they were paying any attention. Instead of being concerned for Alicia, they were worried about the young, naked girl that stood in front of them. Waiting to pounce on her like a wolf to a piece of meat. Slowly, the men came closer to her. Two of them came up behind her, grabbing her gently by the arms. This meant she was now uncovered, giving everyone an unobstructed view of her naked beauty.

They led her over to the mattress. One of the men patted her on the back. Alicia took this as her cue to get on her knees. This sounded like a better idea anyway. 

She wasn't ready for anyone to fuck her yet.

As she got on her knees, three of the men came forward. One moved in front of her and two moved to the sides of her. From the porn that she had watched earlier, she knew what she had to do. She had to suck one of their cocks, while jerking the other two off, then take turns in her mouth. The man in front of her was Jimmy Wilson. 

He was 32 years old. Single. He was always at the bar and had several relationships with some of the past bartenders and patrons who frequented the place. He was a large, wide man who always seemed to have a mean look on his face. His hair was always full of gel and looked like he was trying too hard to look like the guys on Jersey Shore.

As Jimmy moved closer to her, she looked up at him. Jimmy had the same stern look on his face as he looked down at her. Alicia gulped and took his cock in her hand. 

She jerked it slowly, while looking up at him. Jimmy had a moderately large cock. Roughly eight inches long. Feeling it grow hard in her hand started to turn her on. Alicia opened her mouth and slowly moved her head toward his dick. Once it was inside, she closed her lips around it and started sucking. The room erupted with cheers from all the men, anxiously waiting their turn with Alicia.

While she had Jimmy in her mouth, the two men beside her - Manny and Roger, took her hands and placed them on their cocks. She started to jerk them off while she was giving Jimmy an amateur quality blowjob. Jimmy didn't seem to mind. He had the young, cute daughter of the bar owner on her knees with his dick in her mouth. The picture more than compensated for the lackluster performance Alicia was giving. It wasn't her fault though. She was rather inexperienced. She had given her (ex?) boyfriend, Peter, a few blowjobs - or tried to at least. She didn't seem to do it right both times, so she got discouraged and stopped trying.

Suddenly, she felt someone behind her. She took Jimmy's cock out of her mouth and turned her head. It was Eric Klunk, the truck driver who delivered the nasty frozen pizzas to the bar every week. He was a 41 year old man who had always smiled at her when he saw her. He was short, hairy, and balding. Eric didn't go bald with dignity. Instead he combed what hair he had left on the left side of his head over to the right. His big, thick bi-focal glasses made him look even more creepy. If it wasn't for his pleasant demeanor, Eric would scare people away when they saw him.

Eric grabbed his cock, which was rather small. He was definitely a grower and not a shower. As he hardened, his cock grew to a little over five inches. He rubbed it outside of Alicia's pussy. She was shocked, but let out a quiet, soft, inaudible moan. This was it. There wasn't much time between the blowjob and the handjobs before she was going to be fucked. She had hoped that some, if not most, of the men would have waited a while before having sex with her.

Not wanting to be rude, Alicia parted her legs slightly. Eric could see she was trembling, but the thought of having sex with Dave Reynolds' daughter was too much for him to care. He stuck his cock inside her and let out a loud moan. Eric could feel something that Alicia had not paid attention to - she sopping wet. The thought of this innocent girl getting turned on by the thought of being gangbanged by a bunch of old, dirty strangers pushed him over the edge. He began fucking her slowly at first, then faster and faster. Eric wasn't pacing himself. He was lost in a wave of lust. He thought "When else am I going to get the chance to have sex with a girl her age?" This was the same thought that went through the heads of most of the older men in the room.

Alicia was in pain from Eric's quick thrusts. While he wasn't well endowed, his pace was too fast, too soon. She took a hand off of Manny's cock and placed it on the waist of Eric, as if to ask him to slow down. Eric took the hint and took slower thrusts.

She couldn't believe this. Here she was, on an old, dirty mattress, sucking on one guy's cock, jerking off her father's two best friends, while the pizza guy was fucking her from behind. She didn't know what to think of her situation, but she knew one thing - she couldn't stop. She had already agreed to the gangbang. There was no backing out now.

She got into the rhythm with her four guys for a few minutes. Then she heard a few smacks. It shook her out of her daze. The smacks she heard were tags. Eric had tagged out to Jimmy. Eric took a spot along the wall with the other guys who were waiting their turn. Manny high fived Roger and moved in place in front of Alicia. 

Roger took a spot along the wall and two more guys stepped up beside Alicia - Jarod Lewis and Danny Arnold.

She put Manny's cock into her mouth, which was pretty thick. His dick was only about as big as Eric's, but it was much thicker. It was harder to put into her mouth than Jimmy's. She instinctively took Jarod and Danny's cocks into her hands and started jerking them off. Jarod wasn't someone Alicia had ever seen or heard of before. Same with Danny. They were semi-regular patrons at her father's bar. They liked to bar hop and not stay in one place for too long - except for Friday nights. "Gangbang Night" at the Hole in the Wall was too good to pass up wandering around bar to bar. Jarod was 37 years old with long, blonde hair and a dirty reddish blonde beard. He looked more like one of the guys from Duck Dynasty. He normally wore lots of camouflage and safety orange. He and Danny were avid hunters. 

Danny was several years older. He was 45 and looked similar to Jarod, except for his short brown hair. He too, had a beard. The two friends didn't exercise much and sported two round stomachs, they called "beer bellies." They were two proud, self proclaimed "good 'ol boys" who liked hunting, mudding, and country music. What they loved more than that was pussy. They were both married, but their wives didn't know anything about what happens on Friday nights.

As soon as Jimmy entered Alicia she was startled. The size of Jimmy's cock surprised her. She knew it was long - much longer than Peter's, but she wasn't used to having a penis that size inside of her. Unlike Eric, Jimmy knew what he was doing. He started off slow. This gave Alicia time to adjust to having his cock inside of her.

"I've just had sex with three men. Peter and two guys tonight." she thought. "I've given handjobs to four different men and blowjobs to two." She had never thought of being with anyone other than Peter. The idea had not crossed her mind - until today. Today had been a roller coaster and it was far from over.

Alicia still had Jimmy inside of her. Manny moved away from her mouth and stood next to Jimmy, waiting his turn to fuck her. Jarod shoved Danny out of the way and took his place in front of Alicia's face. "You ain't goin' first. You just keep gettin' that pretty little handjob. I'm gettin' sucked first." Danny laughed and gave his buddy a high five. He stood next to Alicia, who started working on his cock again with her hand.

"Spit on it, baby," Jarod said. She was unsure, but she did as she was told. She spit on Jarod's cock, stroked it with her hand, and then put it into her mouth. 

Taking Manny's place in the handjob position was Otis. Otis was the second oldest man there - next to Manny. Manny was 51 years old, while Otis was 49. Otis was a fat, old man with lots of grey hair all over his body. He had a large tattoo of an eagle and a gun on his left arm that he got when he was in the Marines 30 years ago. The tattoo was never touched up, so time had faded all the ink and it looked a lot less impressive than it did it's glory days. Otis looked better in his glory days too. After four divorces, he had given up on trying to impress anybody, so he had let himself go. He used to be stocky and muscular, but now he was short and fat. His five o' clock shadow, bushy black eyebrows, and his bald head didn't do anything to impress the ladies either. He was definitely not the kind of man that women at the bar would swoon over, but that didn't matter to Otis. He had "Gangbang Night." He was a regular since Alicia's father had started this weekly tradition.

Otis and the other Friday night regulars were used to women that were older than Alicia. They were in their late 20's, most in their 30's. They used to be strippers, some even prostitutes. They weren't always the most attractive women, but most of the guys thought, "Oh well, a fuck is a fuck." They pay their entry fee and come to the private parties anyway that the customers nicknamed "Gangbang Night."

After several minutes, Jimmy had increased his pace and began fucking Alicia faster and faster. Unlike her previous partner, she was starting to enjoy this. She had been as quiet as a church mouse the entire time until Jimmy started fucking her faster. Her moans were muffled with Jarod's cock in her mouth. She let it slip out and moaned loudly, shouting, "Oh fuck!" As Jimmy railed into her, her large, pendulous tits began bouncing wildly. Alicia's loud moaning brought cheers among the crowd that were standing, watching the show, anxiously waiting to get a piece of the action.

As soon as she started to get into it, Jimmy pulled out. Alicia looked disappointed. Manny patted Jimmy on the back and took his place behind Alicia. Instead of fucking her from behind, he told Alicia, "Roll over, baby." She stopped what she was doing and slowly rolled over on her back. Jarod didn't like this, because it meant that he had to kneel down in order to get his blowjob. Otis took a spot along the wall, because he couldn't kneel down due to the arthritis in his knees. Two more guys stepped forward - Barry Flinderson and Tim Arnold. They knelt down and took handjob positions next to Alicia, who was now lying on her back.

Without looking, Alicia reached up with both hands and blindly searched for the cocks. She had gotten used to the routine by now. One dick in her pussy, two dicks in her hands, and one dick in her mouth. She looked up to see that Jarod was still there, he pushed his dick forward and she caught it with her open mouth.

Barry was 43 years old and was nicer looking than a lot of the older guys that were there. He had taken care of himself all his life. He had always gone to the gym and ate right. He still had a full head of black hair that always seemed to be combed perfectly and a mouth full of pearly whites. Even though he had good habits, he also had his bad ones. Barry liked smoking and drinking. He seemed to always be out drinking most of the week - especially on the weekends. He had gotten out of a long term relationship with his last steady girlfriend a year ago. Barry decided not to get tied down anymore and decided to "play the field." With a decently sized cock and bank account, he had become quite the playboy around the area.

Tim Arnold was 36 and worked for the city as a construction worker. He was tall, muscular, and covered in tattoos. His most noticeable tattoo was on his neck. He had a spider web tattooed across it. Tim was a convicted felon and couldn't get legitimate work anywhere else, so the city put him in a program that hired felons. 

After work, he'd either go home and get yelled at by his girlfriend or go to the bar. On Friday nights, he always told his girlfriend he was "going out with friends." 

Instead, he'd be here, just like most everyone else, fucking whoever it was that the Hole in the Wall got for their gangbangs.

Alicia swooned when she saw Barry and Tim take over. It wasn't hard for them to notice that she was attracted to them. Tim shoved Jarod out of the way and moved in front of Alicia, who eagerly put his long cock in her mouth. Tim had the biggest dick so far - ten inches. She greedily sucked and slurped on his dick. Jarod was going to get a handjob, but Barry shook his head 'no'. No one took his spot, which gave Alicia a break. She used her free hand to grab Tim by his leg to brace herself for the fucking that she was receiving from Manny.

Her tits were bouncing around wildly until Barry took one of them in his hand and began squeezing them. Alicia liked to have her tits played with. She always liked it when Peter would grab them, even suck on them. Barry was not being gentle though, but Alicia didn't mind. The rough play that her breasts were getting was making her wetter by the second. Barry grabbed her it roughly, tugging the nipple, pulling her pillowy tit in the air. Meanwhile, Alicia was hungrily sucking Tim dry, while Manny kept plowing into her.

She caught up in the moment, but found herself for a few short seconds. She thought to herself, "I love this. I love being gangbanged. I love sucking different cocks. I love being fucked by different men. This is great!"

Several minutes went by. It seemed as if Manny, Barry, and Tim had taken longer with her than anyone else had. The three of them took turns getting handjobs, having their cocks sucked, and fucking her. After Barry and Tim had been inside her, Alicia said softly, "Six." She had now been fucked by six men in her entire life. Peter, Eric, Jimmy, Manny, Barry, and Tim. Her favorite had been Tim. He was a bad boy and she loved it. He was the opposite of Peter. Peter was small, weak, and sensitive. Tim was much larger than Peter, full of muscle, tattoos, and looked like he had been to prison (and he had).
