 "Lay down," is the command. You obey. Your blindfold makes it impossible to see, but I help you sit, then fall backwards to the bed. One of your breasts floats freely, having escaped your slinky nightgown. I touch the curves of your body, and I enjoy the feel of your skin, rubbing your thighs tightly. 

I can hear the beginnings of your moan, but I stop just short of reaching up toward your wetness. I have plans for you, a very interesting surprise. But first, I want you to taste me. I move up your body, feeling you, fastening the straps as I go. First your left leg, then your right, as my hand reaches upward, enjoying every part of your body. And now, your wrists are tight as well, and you cannot move, save to squirm at my touch, which you are very seductively. 

Now, it is time for you to taste me. I straddle your chest, moving upward until you can smell my sex close to your mouth. You realize now that I am naked, and you can nearly feel the precum oozing from my cock. 

"Take my cock in your mouth," is the command. You obey.

At once, I can feel your mouth engulf me, and I cannot help but moan. You always suck me with such zeal, and tonight is no exception. I can feel you pushing up against me, trying to take all of me inside your mouth. It is difficult for you, I know, so I push myself against your face, helping you take nearly all of me deep in your throat. I hold it there, deep inside your mouth, for as long as you can stand it before finally pulling my cock from your throat. You cough a bit, and I can see your mouth covered in your own salvia mixed with my precum. But I know you can take more, and so I push inside again, and you open wide willingly, nearly begging for it. 

Longer this time, letting you take as much of me as you can, I begin to fuck your face earnestly, listing to the sounds of you taking me inside your mouth. I'm moaning loudly now, telling you what a dirty slut you are for taking me so far inside your mouth, as I push farther into you each time.

And then, you felt something you did not expect. A hand, moving up your legs, pushing your nightgown upwards. For a moment, you freeze, my cock buried inside your mouth, unable to comprehend. There is no way that it is my hand. You start to push away from me, wanting to pull off your blindfold to see what is going on, but the restraints hold you down, as the unknown hand advances. You start to struggle with your legs, as much as you can, but another hand touches you, pushing each of your legs against the bed.

Your attention turns to what you now realize is my cock buried in your mouth once more, and your resistance this time is only half-hearted. The feel of my body against yours is somehow comforting, even though the electricity of this moment is pulsing through every one of your veins. When the unknown hand reaches your pussy, you gasp as best you can with a dick in your mouth, pushing your hips upward out of instinct. And you can't deny it. It feels good.

A pair of lips quickly follows the hand, pressing up against your soaking cunt. Still blindfolded, you can only imagine what must be happening, your mouth fixed on taking my cock without gagging too much, without passing out. And now, a new sensation. Pleasure. And lots of it. You can feel, now, that the mouth is undoubtedly male. The slight stubble against your thighs gives it away, although you realize this with a sense of detachment, knowing only that there is pleasure, and it must not stop. Now, it is your moans that permeate the bedroom, followed by my own occasional grunts each time you take me especially deep inside your mouth.

Before you know it, your pussy is filled by one...two...three fingers, using a "come hither" motion inside you, they slowly tease your tight fuckhole, prompting you to abandon all sense of propriety and push back against them, your body nonverbally begging for more.

And then, it stops. The mouth is withdrawn, the fingers removed. You whine in frustration against my cock, as it pulses in your mouth. Still blindfolded, you can almost see my smile.

"Don't worry baby," I speak, "Soon you will get even more."

And, in that instant, you do get more. You can feel him slide up against you, his hips rubbing against yours, and push his hardness up against your opening. You scream against my cock, knowing what would happen, yet unable to comprehend as the moment occurs. I push myself even deeper as he takes you. You can feel your pussy being filled, your ache being fulfilled, as in one smooth stroke he penetrates your wetness. In and out, slowly at first, rhythmically, you take his cock inside you as you open wide for me, letting me use your mouth to fuck with myself.

I know how much you love to touch yourself while you are getting fucked, and I know how badly your clit must be aching to be touched. I see you struggle as your tied hands reaching in vein to feel yourself, to make yourself cum. No, not yet. Soon.

Finally, I release your mouth from me, letting my cock exit your lips with a pop. You gasp and moan at the release, letting out a low, guttural groan as you feel his cock pushing deep inside you. I move off of you, sitting next to the bed, my lips inches from your ears.

"I know what you want, baby," I whisper. You cannot reply, but rather only moan, imagining what I am going to say but unable to say it yourself.

"You want to get fucked in both holes, don't you baby?" Your moans tell me all I need to know. Urgent, resonating, you beg for it without saying a word, without uttering a single coherent thought.

And then, it is happening. He exits you, quickly, removing his hard cock from your soaking cunt aching for more. You are released from your bonds, which are no longer needed. You aren't going anywhere. Helped to stand with my arms, I bend you over, rubbing lotion all over your ass, pausing as I lubricate my own cock. This was always our agreement. I would get your ass. After what seems like an eternity (really only seconds), you can sense me lying down on the bed, and you know what you must do. You sit on top, facing away from me, still blindfolded but free of all restraint and lay backwards, spreading your legs wide open for me.

You can feel my cock already pressed against your asshole, and we waste no time in pushing against one another, slowly. As many times as you have taken my hard cock inside you, there is still a process, we must be slow. Even as you close your eyes inside the blindfold and take breath, however, a new sensation envelops you. There is a finger running up and down your pussy, his finger, teasing you I enter you. It is almost too much in that instant, but you hold off. No, you need to feel all of this; you need to cum with both of us. 

And then, I am inside you. It feels strange at first, as always, the sensations inside your ass overwhelming you, trying to tell you there shouldn't be anything there...and yet pleasure permeates your body in spite of it. You are now lying on top of me, your head against my chest, my hands gripping your breasts, your ass filled by my cock, and you look blindly upwards towards the unseen man.

"Fuck me," you beg, to both of us. 

We comply. He pushes inside your wet pussy quickly, taking you as I begin to push back.

Your moans are like nothing I have ever heard before. Pleasure mixed with amazement mixed with something that could only be described as pure lust, you groan for us like mad, pushing back against both of our cocks as we find a rhythm together. You feel so full, each hole taking a hard, throbbing cock inside you as your eyes open wide beneath the blindfold, unable to articulate anything other than pleasure.

You can feel my hands holding you upwards, and you know what I want you to do. You remove your right hand from the bed, allowing my hands and your one remaining arm to balance you against us as you reach down to rub your clit. This is it, you know, it won't be long now for any of us. Moans fill the room. Yours, deep and lusty, and ours, growling and moaning as we take you in both of your fuckholes. 

"Oh God!" You scream, finally able to complete a sentence, "Cum inside me. Please."

And with that, your orgasm hits, hard, your fingers circling your clit as it explodes inward, your entire body shaking. More moaning surrounds you, and both cocks pause, shaking, and you can feel wetness filling you from each direction, your pussy and your ass being filled with cum. Each of our orgasms subside, and you can only lay in exhaustion as we both pull out, cum leaking from you in every direction. Soon, you sense we are alone once more, and you can feel me licking downwards, toward your cum soaked cunt...