 The skiff Axel mentioned was a rubber eight foot dingy with a 50 hp outboard on the back. A bit too much muscle for a dingy, especially when mixed with an inexperienced operator. Some moments, one decides to take the bait or disregard it and reroute. With Jenna high on a ritzy photo shoot, and more, there was no rerouting, so off they rode.

The ride to the yacht wasn't bad, if one disregarded both times the dingy was almost swamped and the water that soaked the riders. Jenna, Reef and Axel were all soaked when they pulled alongside the yacht. Reef and Axel didn't mind much, hell the sun was burning hot and Jenna's nipples had never stuck out so fiercely. Things were looking up.

Once on board, Axel gave the duo a quick tour. Reef had seen it before, but Jenna was beyond impressed. He told them they could use one of the bedrooms to store their stuff or as a changing room and let Jenna know he might tag along just to help out. Midway through the tour, Axel's phone rang. Foxy's brother was going to join them in about an hour along with a friend of his. The threesome headed up top where Axel showed Jenna the master hot tub. When she saw it, she was quick to ask whether she could jump in to warm up. Axel laughed and let her know it wasn't a problem provided he could join her. Reef let them know he too was chilly so would jump in also.

Once in the warm soothing waters, conversation flowed easily. "Do you get to hang out on the boat all the time or just every so often?"

"Only when they are in LA or nearby. Wish they'd just dock it here and let me boat sit for them," Axel answered.

"Yeah, but still it's pretty sweet they totally trust you with it," Reef added.

"You are right. I think Sunshine and Greg are going to show up in a bit too. They wanted to party on the boat, but I made them pay for the privilege. They're picking up some pizzas."

"Should we get started on taking some pictures before too many people are here?" Jenna asked.

"Sure. You want to grab a few outfits, swimsuits and my camera? I'll soak a touch more but will be ready to go once you get back," answered Reef.

"Ok," replied Jenna excitedly. She hoped out of the tub, dried off a little and headed below deck.

"Shit Reef. How the fuck did you hook up with her and that other chic?" Both men had their eyes glued to Jenna's rear as she wondered away. The thong created the effect of her rear appearing to be completely unclothed. "And Sunshine said Anna was spending the day at your place too. Did you find a new way to make women cum or something?"

"Ha, mahn, I wish! Jenna, and her friend Amber, I met on the beach. They wanted some help surfing, then we had coffee and one thing led to another. It's been a bit crazy and a hell of a lot of fun," Reef understated his view of the week.

"Sunshine mentioned things got crazy the other night. Like, did you seriously tap Anna?"

"We're good friends. You'll have to ask her."

"Her tight little body has been driving me nuts for years. I bet she's crazy fun in the sack," Axel commented. "When we run together, she always puts on those tight running shorts. Fuck me. I've tripped so many times over roots on account of her ass." 

"Yeah, its tormented me also, for many a year."

"So, what's the deal with Sunshine and her? I'm never certain if they're dating or not."

"Phewww, got me there. But the same could be said for Foxy and you," Reef noted. "And she sure gets her share of attention."

"Yeah, she's hot, but we're just really good friends. Tried sex a couple of times, but it was awkward. So, we agreed that wasn't in the cards for us. Cool part is I can tell her anything and vice-versa. She's given me a lot of good tips and once we got kinda messed up and picked up a girl together then shared her. It was nice."

"She is definitely hot."

"Reef, she's had a boner for you for years."

"Bullshit?"

"No, I'm dead serious. Mahn, all the chics dig you. So laid back, have your shit together and also sprouting that seriously oversized smile." Just then Jenna returned with an armload of goods.

"I got your camera bag, a couple of different swimsuits, dresses and a couple of joints. Maybe we can smoke some a bit later if that's cool?" Jenna asked.

"Yeah, not a problem," Axel fired back.

"Reef, can you get some of me in the hot tub?"

"Sure. Let me get out, dry off and get situated." As Jenna entered the hot tub, Reef exited, dried off and organized his gear. "Either of you want a beer?"

"Sure," Axel answered. "Also, there's a bottle of bubbles in the cooler. Left over from when Foxy's family first got here."

"Could I have some bubbles in a flute? That would look so fab in the photos."

"You mind grabbing that Reef? It's a green bottle with a brownish label. Called Don or Dom something."

Jenna's eyes light up at this news. Reef grabbed two cans of beer and popped the cork on the bottle. A little searching and he found a nice tall slender flute. Once poured, he delivered to the pair the glass of champagne and beer. "Why don't you start off by wetting your hair and we'll take some pictures with your hair wet and sunglasses on while sipping away. Then dip your head in again and tilt your head back as far as possible while sticking your chest out."

"Ok" was Jenna's only response. She loved posing sexily, especially in front of an audience. Enough pictures of her elegantly holding the bubbles were taken that the glass had to be refilled twice. This group was followed by her repeatedly dipping her head in the water to capture an image with her hair flipping through the air. After these, she suggestively posed with her rear arced out while standing in the hot tub. The display caused Axel's tool to uncomfortably swell.

Jenna exited the hot tub and posed in several different positions on the large sofa sectional adjacent to the hot tub. Some were of her laying on her belly, while others were of her bottom and a few of her sitting on the tables edge with her legs wide open. Axel could make out the shape of her outer lips through the thin material and it did not help the state of his little man downstairs.

Once these were finished, Reef had Jenna change into a colorful tank top sundress. The material was thin enough that he thought in the right spot, with sun shining through the minimal fabric it would almost become translucent. When Jenna returned, Reef guided her up to the bow. There he took a series of pictures with the breeze tossing her hair about and more suggestive poses. After this Axel suggested photos up on the wheel deck using the captain's chair and helm as props. Jenna agreed but first wanted another splash of bubbles. Reef and Axel joined her and opened another can of beer.

"Are there lots of people on the boats near us?" Jenna asked quietly.

"Not really. Most of them are empty. At most, someone comes out and checks on them once or twice week," Axel replied.

"Oh good. I was thinking it would be cool to get some topless photos. I'll be very discrete but didn't want to cause any problems."

"You'll be fine." 

"Cool. I think I'll take a few hits before this next segment. Anyone want to join me?" Jenna asked as she pulled a marijuana cigarette from her pile of goods.

"Yeah, I wouldn't mine a tok or two," Axel answered.

"I'm good for a bit. Don't want to lose my focus while shooting."

"I think I do better posing, while a touch high. Gets me more relaxed and I'm way more creative." Axel and Jenna passed the joint back and forth until it was gone, while Reef fidgeted with the camera and took a look around the wheelhouse. Neither Jenna nor Axel intended to smoke the whole joint, it just sort of happened.

"The sun is great right now. Let's get some photos using the helm and captain's chair, then move down below," Reef advised.

"I'm going to check a few e-mails and get some music playing then I'll be back up," Axel announced as he left Jenna and Reef. The two of them walked up to the wheelhouse and Reef took a more complete series of pictures. While standing at the helm, he had Jenna pull down the straps of her top to expose both tits. Her breasts were not small, and their curvy fill made her look like a professional nude model. When she relocated to the captain's chair, Reef took several photos of her teasing her own nipples and with her knees pressed up against the armrests which profiled her petals.

"Rub your pussy for the camera," Reef instructed. With a smile, Jenna complied. She delicately opened her flower while noticing the buzz from the pot. She'd forgotten how this strain made her feel so horny. While playing with herself, she closed her eyes, tilted her head back and used both hands. One to dip fingers in and out of her opening, while the other firmly rubbed her clit.

The activity caused Reef's cock to swell. Quietly, he walked up to her, pushed down his swim shorts to free his cock then placed the head at her entrance. With a slight push, his head was past her entrance.

"Ohh yesss. I need that," Jenna cooed. "Push it all the way in."

"I want to get a few naughty pictures. Hold still and do as I say."

Reef pushed more of his penis into her vagina, then paused to take pictures. Once he was finished, he stroked in and out of Jenna several times before pulling away. "Open up your pussy with your fingers and show me the inside." Jenna did as asked, and Reef took another round of photos.

"Now kneel down in front of me and blow me." Jenna smiled, moved off the chair and squatted before him. Reef captured multiple pictures of her licking his cock head, sucking it and taking it deep in her mouth. When he finished this series, he had her grab the hem, bend over and lift the dress over her buttocks. With his hand, he directed her to widen her stance. Her rear and plump pussy were nicely exposed. More photos were taken, then Reef grabbed her hips and fucked her hard. When he was close, he barked at Jenna to again kneel in front of him and take his tool in her mouth.

Reef used her mouth like a pussy, easily pushing his head down her throat. "I'm going to blow soon. Open your mouth wide. I want to get pictures of my cum on your tongue. Reef withdrew his cock at the last second as sweet Jenna opened her mouth to ready herself for his load. Three ropes of cum sprang out of his cockhead. About half ended up in her mouth while the rest was draped across her face. Reef captured this scene brilliantly.

Once finished, the two returned to the hot tube area where Jenna used the outdoor sink to rinse off her face and hair. They heard loud music, so once refreshed the duo decided to track down Axel. He was found on the main deck which contained an elaborate galley and huge living room area with large extravagant couches. In the middle, was a brass pole.

"I don't remember seeing this here before," Jenna noted with a surprised look.

"You didn't. Foxy keeps that stashed away and occasionally she'll set it up or have a small pole dancing party. I thought you might want to use it as a prop for some pictures."

"That is so cool. Thank you," Jenna stated as she approached him and gave him a light kiss on his lips while deliberately pushing her braless breasts into his chest. The weed seemed to be making her hornier by the second and one little round with Reef did little to tranquilize her urges.

"You ready camera boy? Let's see if I can remember any of my high school cheerleading moves and incorporate them with this pole."

Reef pulled the camera up to indicate he was ready, while Jenna walked up to the pole. Initially, she just pulled herself up and figured out how to use her legs to lock around the pool. When going up and down, the pole directly rubbed against her slit which provided needed stimulation. However, her outfit wasn't right.

Jenna departed and swiftly returned with her white thong and halter top. Once back, she jumped on the pole and started spinning around. Next, she climbed up high, locked her legs and leaned back until she was upside down. In the process, her top was pulled down by gravity, so her breasts were exposed. Reef asked her to hold it there and snapped several snapshots. Axel's eyes were glued to her nipples and Jenna loved showing them off.

When she popped back down, she spun around the pole all different ways and used it to balance her as she stood next to it and raised one leg up vertically. The fabric of her crotch slid into part of her crack exposing one of her lips. She didn't notice, but both Axel and Reef did.

"Kneel down with your butt up in the air then look over your shoulder seductively," Reef requested. Jenna did as asked. While he was taking pictures of her backside, she slid the thong aside to expose her moist folds. Axel was on the other end, so didn't witness her bold display.

"Why don't we get some of you on the sofa. Axel we are going to use you as a prop. Just sit down and Jenna will pretend she's giving you a lap dance."

"Oh, that's a great idea," Jenna merrily sang out.

Axel wasn't so sure. His cock was rock hard, and it was becoming impossible to hide it. At least sitting down, would help to keep it out of view. He wasn't anticipating that Jenna would straddle him so quickly and rub her crotch against his. It was not helping.

Reef figured out how to operate the music system and put on some dance music. Jenna started gyrating and edged apart Axel's muscular legs. Once this was accomplished, she bent over at the waist and shook her ass right in front of his face. He could see the outline of her pussy lips and a spot of moisture.

Jenna placed her bottom on his lap and started to glide up and down. She could feel his firm dick. The notion of sex with this young man got her excited. She'd become a different woman and was enjoying her sexual freedom. After grinding for a bit, Jenna turned around and climbed onto Axel's lap. Her hungry sex was now pressed firmly against his unit. Slowly, she started to move up and down to emulate a sexual act.

While doing this Jenna whispered into the young man's ear, "Don't be good. I like naughty boys." With her lips, she kissed his neck while vigorously bopping up and down on his lap. There was a commotion from the other end of the boat that caused all three to turn their heads. From the upper deck, in walked Sunshine, Greg, Foxy's little brother Tom and his friend Griff.

"Look who's having some fun with Axel," Sunshine hollered out. It was clear he was a bit buzzed. Jenna smiled sexily upon seeing Sunshine and stood up as Reef turned down the music.

"Hey Jenna. You're looking all sexy and cool. You've met Greg before, but this is Foxy's little brother Tom and his buddy Griff. Their all pretty cool, well except for two of them but that's for you to figure out. You ready to party?"

"Of course, and we've had a little advance start," she advised as she went around and shock each of the guys hands but reserved a full hug for Sunshine. The guys took a seat on the sectional as Sunshine poured a drink, he'd prepared in a gallon jug.

"This is a drink I made up, man. It rips. Mescal, touch of heat, aloe to mellow it out, cucumber juice, touch of quince and agave syrup to give it a curl. Not too bad. Really hops with weed. Let me know if anyone doesn't want a cup," Sunshine advised as he pulled out a stack of solos, bag of ice and started to distribute the contents.

"Wow, sounds yummy. I've got some weed if you like," Jenna offered up. "We smoked a joint, but I've got more."

"Now were talking," Sunshine replied. "I'm a gamer. Anyone else interested?" Everyone in the room teasingly raised their hand.

"I'll be right back," Jenna announced as she popped up and went below deck to secure the goods.

"Sunshine was telling me some wild ass story about a crazy sexual adventure y'all had last night," Greg softly told Reef. "I call bullshit on that shit. Jenna is like so hot she could probably have anyone she wants and no way in hell she'd do stuff like that."

"Did you see her nipples poking out? Fuck, man. That shit is real," Tom mumbled.

"She's a nice girl. Yeah, last night we shared a bunch of laughs. Her weed is strong," Reef advised the fellas.

Just then Jenna popped back up with her bag of smoke and handed it to Sunshine. While she was gone, he'd poured everyone a glass of his concoction and passed them out. Jenna returned to her seat and sipped on the mixture. "Mmm, this is good, but strong. Are you trying to get me drunk? Not such a good idea after last night."

With the last words out, Greg's eyes became baseballs. He assumed she'd just confirmed Sunshine's story and had no idea she was referring to her and Anna's tequila over-indulgence. The weed was passed around as Tom told the crew about some of the cool features of his parents' boat which included the ability to monitor and record almost every spot on the vessel.

As Jenna took her third hit, she realized that she was quite high from the previous hits and was completely stoned. Her eyes felt so droopy some probably thought she was blind. She couldn't help but think about her adventures with Carl and Ed. Her thoughts caused her nipples to harden fiercely as drops of moisture formed along her slit. It also seemed to her that the group had gone quiet for a spell. Were they all staring at her or was it just the weed she contemplated from a crooked perspective?

"Hey, hey Jenna," Tom yelled out. The second hey snapped her out of her daze.

"Yeah?"

"What were you doing when we walked in?" Tom asked.

"She wanted a bunch of pictures for her trip and we took several sets around the boat. The last one I arranged to make it look like she was at a strip club with a patron," Reef told the group.

"You didn't tell me that," Jenna snapped out. "You are bad."

"Oh, you were having fun," Reef answered. "I think Axel was more nervous then you."

"It probably would look better if you had more guys sitting around. Strip clubs never just have one guy sitting alone," Tom suggested.

"No, that would feel awkward. Do you live on the boat here with your parents?"

"I vacation with them sometimes, but that's it. I've tried to get them to let me cruise around alone or with some friends. So far, that hasn't happened," Tom advised.

"That's because they busted you having a large party on the yacht and you had strippers onboard," Griff advised. While Tom looked fairly average, Griff was unique looking.

"No shit?" Jenna asked.

"Yes. One of them was naked and giving lap dances, while the other was passed out down below." Griff advised.

"Yeah but that was almost two years ago," Tom added.

"How funny. If your parents only knew that their daughter kept a pole onboard to practice with," Axel added.

"She and Anna were pretty loaded one night out here. It was just the three of us. Anna and she put a show on. It was crazy," Tom advised with a laugh.

"Dude, you were perving on your own sister?" Griff asked.

"No. I was perving on Anna though." This brought the group to a shared laugh.

"You should take a spin on it," Tom mentioned to Jenna.

"I did earlier. I'm not very good. Probably need lessons."

"Too bad Foxy isn't here. She could teach you a few moves." Jenna stood up and walked over to the frig to grab some water. The pot seemed to be lifting her higher still and magnifying the yearning in her loins. She was sure that if the others hadn't appeared Reef, Axel and she would likely be getting freaky. Now, she just had to maintain her cool until they left. Having all the men's eyes glued to her breasts and rear did not help the situation.

"Actually Jenna, I think Tom is right. We should redo the last photos with people around as then it will look real," Axel spoke up from halfway across the room.

"Maybe later. I think I'm too high right now," Jenna replied as she walked back to join the group. When she sat down, Axel scooted over quickly which caused her to sit on his lap. "What are you doing?" Jenna asked with a laugh.
