 A coastal breeze gently rocked the boat early the next morning. For most of the occupants, it prolonged their dreams. Jenna’s full bladder caused an unpleasant discomfort, and when combined with the rocking, it awoke her. She dashed to the restroom to relieve the pressure. Before returning to the group warmth, she peeked out of a port window. The sun was almost rising. She grabbed one of Foxy’s Dad’s button up shirts, fastened two buttons and silently made her way to the upper deck. There her eyes glued to the horizon to watch the unfolding of beauty as morning rays met the blue soul of the planet. Fifteen minutes later, she was chilled, but bathed in happiness. Such a small thing had poured her heart full of joy.

Jenna walked into the galley to warm up and grab a glass of water before returning to her friends. When a deep “Good Morning” popped off it startled her. It was Foxy’s father, who had a pot of coffee made and was busy prepping food. “Got some hot coffee if you’d like and getting fixings ready for those that want omelets. Any interest?”

“Hot coffee would be heavenly. Any chance you have some cream and sugar?” Jenna asked as she turned a light shade of pink. Her or rather his shirt, didn’t do much to cover her up and she was also cognizant of the fact that she’d offered to screw him, but had been rejected.

“The sugar is up high above the frig in a plastic container with a blue lid and there’s half-n-half in the frig. Did you have fun last night?”

Jenna had to stand on her toes to reach the sugar. She knew that the shirt rose up while reaching for the sweetener and felt modest, but he’d seen more last night, so she tried to act nonchalant. “Yeah, it was a good time. It is so nice you shared your boat with us. New experiences sure can make life sweet. Did you and the friends go out? I was surprised to see you back here.”

“Ahh, some plans don’t work out. The friends we planned to stay with had a bit of a spat before we arrived. It was uncomfortable. The couple here on the dingy with us and my wife and I ended up at a swanky bar. I won the DD straw. They all overconsumed, and I managed to get them back here. Surprised we didn’t wake you up. Caused a bit of a ruckus playing around after we got back. I was the first to drift off and not having any drink arose well rested and ready to do. I’m an early morning person.”

“I’m not an early morning person, but I had to pee. When I peeked outside, I saw that the sun was about to rise, so didn’t want to miss that experience while being on a boat,” Jenna replied.

“It was gorgeous. Here’s a cup of joe. It will warm you up a touch.” Jenna took the coffee cup he handed to her and added in sugar and cream. His comment let her know he’d noticed her hard nipples.

“I’m surprised you are cooking. Always assumed most yacht owners would have a big staff.”

“No. Have to give up a fat chunk of privacy if you’ve any staff on board and I love to cook. This is just something simple. Can keep the stuff stored in the frig then when people rise, as it is easy to yank out and cook up an omelet. Would you like one?”

“Sure. Could you teach me how to cook them? I’m lazy. Usually just toss in cheese and chopped up lunch meat then mix it all together. The one time I tried to make an omelet I burnt it and used way too many eggs.”

“There easy. Step back here,” Harold stated. As Jenna walked around the island to the stove, Harold pulled out a cooking apron. “If you put this on, it’ll keep any splattered oil from burning your thighs.”

“Ok,” Jenna answered as she took the garment, looped the top string over her neck and tightly wrapped then tied the waist strings.

“Now you’re ready. Grab a pan, put a tablespoon of butter in it and light the burner. While you do that, I’ll crack open two eggs and whip them up.” Jenna focused on her task and let Harold know when the butter was melted.

“All I did was whip up the eggs, add a little salt and pepper and nothing else. So, pour this into the pan and turn down the heat real low.” Jenna completed the tasks. “We are going to let it cook for a few minutes. You can use this time to figure out what you want in it.”

Jenna looked through the offerings and settled on mushrooms, spinach, ham and cheese. She pulled these next to the stove. “I like mine fairly simple.”

“Each person’s tongue is the best judge of all as to what gets past the tongue,” Harold noted.

“That almost sounded suggestive,” Jenna laughed out.

“No, no, no. I mean ...”

Before he could finish Jenna cut him off. “I’m teasing you. Remember I was the one rejected.”

“Ah, not rejected just not accepted. There was a reason and it had nothing to do with you. And don’t think I didn’t second guess my election.”

“Really?” Jenna answered with a visible smile.

“Back to cooking. Take a plastic spatula and as the edges cook gently push them to the center. This allows the uncooked portion to flow into the hot area,” Harold advised.

“Some do like it hot,” Jenna teased. Harold disregarded her comment.

“Now put in everything but the cheese, then we’ll let it cook another minute or two.” Jenna added her selected ingredients.

“We are getting near the flip part. This is where I suck. You’ll need to take over,” Jenna nervously advised.

“You can do it. There’s a little trick involved. If you don’t mind, I can stand behind you and use my hands to guide yours.”

“That’s fine.” Harold stopped directly behind Jenna, reached around her waist and placed his hands directly over hers as she held onto the spatula with her left hand and the pan with her other hand. The back of her bottom was lightly pressed against Harold’s front side. He had on thin cotton PJ bottoms without any underwear. The downstairs head felt the perfect curves of Jenna’s bottom.

“I’m getting nervous.”

“Don’t worry. You’ll do fine. First, with the spatula, we’re going to make sure the egg mixture is not stuck to the pan.” Harold guided Jenna’s hand and with the spatula moved the mixture back and forth to assure it wasn’t stuck. “Next comes the flip.”

“Oh, god!” Jenna stated as she hesitated and tried to take a step back. This pushed her rump further into Harold’s waist.

“You are fine. Loosen your right arm and let me guide you through a couple of practice flips.” Harold pushed Jenna’s right arm up high and straight out. In the middle of this, she accidentally dropped the spatula to the floor.

“Fuck. Sorry, I’m so clumsy,” Jenna blurted out as she bent over to retrieve it. The movement pulled up the hemline of the shirt exposing her rear. She remained glued to Harold so now only the thin cotton of his lounge ware separated his shaft from Jenna’s bottom. Both of them were aware of the contact.

“We can wash that in a bit. Let’s get the this flipped.” Harold again raised Jenna’s arm outwards then guided her through a pretend flip. “You’re going to tilt the pad downwards a touch, push it forward, stop quickly and snap the pan upwards with a slight flick.” He guided her hand and arm through the movement a half dozen times. With each flick, it caused her butt cheeks to bounce and tease Harold’s cock. The teasing caused it to expand. “You’re ready. Do it,” Harold advised as he released her hand and rested both hands on her hips.

Jenna did as she was instructed. The omelet flew upwards, completed one flip and was caught perfectly in the pan. “Ohh my god, ohh my goddd!” I did it. “It’s a miracle in the kitchen.” With these words out, Jenna spun around and gave Harold a full kiss on his lips.

“Hold on young lady. We’re not done yet and don’t want to burn it. Take a handful of shredded cheese and put a wide line right down the middle.” Jenna turned around and added the cheese. The turn caused the back of her shirt to drop down over her bottom, so when she added the cheese she reached around with her other hand and pulled up the tail. The move prompted Harold to push firmly into her. “Now use the spatula to fold one-third of the uncheesed part on top of the cheese and then roll that over onto the other third.” Jenna completed it perfectly.

“I’m practically a celebrity chef now,” Jenna stated as she pulled the pan away from the heat and turned off the burner.

“I’ll get you a plate and you can fill your tummy,” Harold responded. He grabbed a ceramic dish and plated the omelet onto it. While he sat it on the counter, Jenna pulled off the apron. She grabbed a fork and cut-up the omelet into several pieces. She ate the first two, then alternated the rest between Harold and her lips.

“Thank you so much. This is hitting the right spot. And I’m being careful not to get any spots on your shirt. I appreciate being able to use it.”

“Don’t thank me. I get to view it on you. I’d have to say it looks far sexier on you then me.”

“Do you think it looks sexier with two buttons fastened or just one?” Jenna asked as she stood in front of him and unbuttoned the upper button.

“Both ways are pretty hot.”

“Can you show me those pan flipping movements again? I don’t want to forget them.”

“Ohmm, sure,” Harold answered. Jenna grabbed the empty pan and stood in front of the stove. Harold stood behind and guided her hand through the motion several times. While doing this, Jenna again pulled up the shirt bottom and pressed her rear into Harold’s crotch.

“I can feel something expanding. I think you enjoy teaching cooking skills.”

“At least, when I have students that look like you,” Harold stated softly. His cock was half erect and firmly lodged between Jenna’s butt cheeks. With the next practice flip, he slid one hand into the shirt gap and started to fondle her breasts. He was done resisting natures urges around this beauty.

“Do you like that?” Jenna inquired.

“Yes. It was a good flip. You follow instructions well.”

“Is there anything else I should do?”

“Yes, turn around,” Harold stated smoothly. When she did, he released the last button on his shirt and pushed it off her shoulders. Jenna stood naked before him. “Kneel down. I think it would be fine if you show me your oral skills.”

Jenna smiled. While keeping eye contact, she slowly went down to her knees, then pushed down Harold’s PJs to free his almost hard dick. “Your cock is handsome. I’ve never been with a mature gentleman.” With those words out, Jenna filled her mouth with Harold’s cock.

Her oral skills were much better than Harold anticipated. As her head bobbed back and forth, she used her throat muscles to milk his head. At the same time, she put one hand between her thighs and started to tease her own sex. The visuals before Harold were too much. His notion was that a blowjob was similar to the play his best friend and wife engaged in without him, but now he wanted to go further.

“Stand up and turn around,” Harold requested. He wanted a taste of her. Forcefully, he pushed Jenna’s back forward to cause her to lean against the countertop. With a few pats, he got Jenna to spread her feet apart to give him room to access her pussy with his tongue. Once in place, he attacked her slit, driving his tongue deep up into her as possible then pulling back to focus on her sweet spot. His efforts prompted a whimpering moan, and more wetness, to flow from Jenna. Several minutes into the feast, he stopped.

“Fuck it,” was all Harold said as he stood back up and aligned the tip of his cock with Jenna’s wet hole. In two thrusts, he was buried deep inside her.

“Ohhh, yesssssss,” Jenna moaned. “Fuck my little pussy with your big cock. I knew you wanted a taste of this little girl.”

Harold responded by slapping her ass forcefully. He thrust into her several more times then pulled out and laid down on the floor. “Squat on top of me and fuck me. I want to see you rub your clit until you cum. Then I’ll finish fucking you.”

Jenna was surprised at how Harold had unexpectedly taken charge. It made her nipples tingle and pussy sing with desire. She lowered herself down onto his shaft, parted her thighs as open as possible and diddled her clit while groping one breast with her other hand.

“Cum you little vixen. Show me why I should fly you out to the yacht sometime in the future.”

The notion of being used sexually, at the will of a mature man, combined with Jenna’s buzzing fingers and the cock lodged deep in her nest set fireworks off. Jenna’s body started to tremble and shake as she tried to suppress screams. “Fucckkk fuckk fuck fuck, I’mmm cummmminggg. Ohhhh fuccck!” While her orgasm was still rising, Harold started to thrust upwards violently into her. Eventually, she toppled over onto the floor. Harold rose up onto his knees, brought one of her calves to his shoulder while using his body to hold down her other leg. With her pink pussy gapped open, he feed his cock back up deep into her midst. Forcefully he pounded into her until his nut sack tightened and filled her pussy with his cum as his body twisted in pleasure.

Once finished, he pulled out and brought his dick up to Jenna’s mouth. “Clean me up,” he commanded. Obediently, Jenna went to work. The explicit directions gave her a surprise. She knew being a subservient turned her on, but the manner in which Harold commanded her pushed her to a different level. Her pussy had just been fucked and as she sucked the cum, and her own juices, from Harold’s cock it felt like a river of wetness was flowing from her pussy.

“That’s good,” Harold spoke out after a minute. “You can use the sauna to clean up. The shower system is loud, so might wake others. But I fired up the sauna for my wife as she likes to take one in the am, and there is a bucket under a faucet with a cold water tap and a sponge. It should do the job.”

“Ok,” Jenna answered.

“Go down one level and take the hallway all the way to the stern. Wooden door on the right is the entrance. Before you leave, make sure I have your contact information. Have you ever been to Jamaica?”

“No and here’s my cell number,” Jenna replied as she scribbled her number onto a sticky under a list of grocery items. Harold grabbed the sticky and pressed it onto Jenna’s chest. He grabbed his cell phone from the counter and snapped a picture. He pulled off the sticky and placed it on her ass and took another picture. Lastly, he put the sticker just above her slit then took a final photo.

“Damn girl, I came a lot, but your pussy is gushing out some fluids. The notion of flying out to Jamaica and servicing my friends and I getting you excited?”

“Yes, sir.”

“That’s what I like to hear,” Harold stated as he slapped her ass hard enough to leave a red welt. “Go clean up now before the rest of the crew wakes up.” Jenna turned around and retreated to the lower deck. She followed Harold’s advice and found her way to the sauna. When she opened the door, stream poured out.

“Don’t turn on the light! My heads screaming. Just sit and be quiet. No talking,” a strong female voice ordered.

“Ok,” Jenna meekly answered. She sat still and didn’t move a muscle. Ten minutes later, the voice returned.

“Hand me the water bucket with the cold water. It is to your right.” Jenna found the bucket and pushed it towards the voice. Another hand grabbed her arm, then found the bucket, and took it from her.

“Just listen for a bit, please. My head is pounding but I just need to talk.”

“Ok,” Jenna whispered out.

“Last night could have been wildly fun. I can’t believe those other goofballs got into a spat. Hold them responsible for my head pain. If we’d have all played together that would have kept us out of the last bar and those tequila shots. I think Harold was upset about our little fun up top before we left. We couldn’t just stand there waiting for him and why did he take so long to get some clothes.”

After this there was a pause. Jenna could hear water being splashed about, but still couldn’t see anything. She had pieced together the person sitting across from her was Harold’s wife.

“He’d be really pissed off if he knew that you had your husband fuck me in the bar. Ohh heavens that was fun. Been too long. Maybe this afternoon you can distract down below and screw him senseless. Make things a bit more even. The other thing I hate about hangovers is they always seem to make my pussy burn with desire even thought my body doesn’t want to move.” After this comment, there was another long gap of silence.

Jenna heard movement then felt someone sit next to her and grab her hand. “I’m going to kiss you. Squeeze my hand if you promise to return the favor.” Jenna froze. She had never met this woman before, had no idea what she looked like or what exactly she meant by a kiss. Before she had a chance to squeeze the lady’s hand, she felt a breath by her knees then hands pushing her knees away from each other. “Lean back!”

Once she had her back to the cedar, the mouth of the voice began to dance around her pussy. Sucking in her outer lips, pulling them outwards then dancing away. Jenna wasn’t comfortable with this, but her body wanted more. It seemed that her mind clicked off as her hips raised up for more pleasure. Gradually, the mouth worked closer and closer to her epicenter. When she made contact, the lips didn’t dance away. Instead, they sucked in Jenna’s clit with a slurping move that vigorously vibrated her unit.

“Oh fuckkk,” Jenna spat out as she tried to keep quiet.

“You like that don’t you. Made you cum quick last night. Here’s another fun move.” The lips again formed an “O” around her clit and the slurping resumed causing more moans to fly out of Jenna’s mouth. Then Jenna felt the person’s fingers reckless push inside her with multiple fingers at once. A fiendish combination of pain and pleasure shot through her crotch. Each time the lady pushed her fingers back into Jenna’s vagina, there seemed to be more.

“Fuckkk, ohh fuckkk.”

“Ready to cum. You seem to be enjoying it more than you did last night. I bet you can take my whole hand.” Jenna felt like she was being split in half as the lady pushed all of her digits forcefully into her. She squeezed both of her breasts with her hands, as she felt the hand push through and into her.

“Ohh fucckkkk. Slow down, ohhh, pleaseee!” Jenna pleaded.

“Only after you cum twice.” The lady rotated her fist which caused Jenna’s pussy to be stretched and rubbed in areas no cock ever would. “Oh shittt!” Then the lips returned to Jenna’s clit. Almost instantly, she came. It felt like her body started to spasm, fireworks exploded and out she went.

A splash of cold water on her upper body promptly returned her to the living. “Shit, that was an orgasm. You blacked out. Now it’s your turn to return the favor.” Jenna felt like she was in some bizarre drug induced dream. She apparently came so hard she feinted, yet she still was shrouded in complete darkness and her arm was being yanked, so she could perform cunninglus on a woman she’d never seen.

She managed to get her bearings, stood up and the hands on her shoulders guided her down. With her fingers, she felt the inside of two thighs and guided her right hand further. The lady’s pussy was hairy, and her legs pulled back and open. “Put your hand in me like I did to you. I like to feel full. Bit harder after pushing out three kids.”

Jenna pushed two fingers into the woman before her. She was blindly servicing a complete stranger and wishing her husband was her to stuff her own quim from behind. Gingerly she brought her face to the woman’s sex and started to lick her clitoris as she pushed another finger into the woman.

“Go ahead and put your hand in. I’m wet enough and ready.” Jenna did as requested, then brought her lips to surround the woman’s sensitive twig and hummed at the same time just as Reef had taught her. Before getting through one song, the woman was erupting.

As she caught her breath, the woman spoke up again. “Just one more. That will keep me lose for a spell. Didn’t you shower last night? I swear I could taste Harold’s goo still in you.”
