 Foxy arranged for a water taxi to transport Reef and Jenna back to shore. The three of them joined Foxy's parents and their friends for an early lunch served with Bloody Mary's. Jenna felt a bit uncomfortable but did a swell job of acting normal. She even kept her composure when Harold diddled her pussy while using the long table cloth to hide his deeds from the others. She wanted to suggest a rendezvous in the restroom, but Reef ate quickly and was in a rush to leave. Before 2 o'clock, Jenna and Reef were back at the rental.

They were greeted by a gloomy Amber. "I felt like you guys ditched me?"

"We texted you where we were and that things kept delaying us," Jenna explained.

"I know. I was just expecting you last night and it was delay followed by delay then you guys spent the night. I was lonely. Anna stayed overnight, but she had to leave really early this morning. The interview was crazy. You two won't believe what happened," Amber told her friends.

"You won't believe my night and day. Holy fuck. Wild, wild, wild!" Jenna replied.

"You go first," Amber insisted.

"While she discloses her wild yacht adventure, I'm going to slip into the shower. But Amber I do want to hear about your trip when I get out," Reef told her.

"Ok, but can I get a kiss first?"

"Always." The two snuggled together and exchanged long slow kisses." Jenna watched the two and realized they were in love. She knew Amber never looked into her boyfriend's eyes in the same manner and similarly it was clear Reef loved sex with Jenna, however, his heart belonged to Amber. And for the first time ever, Jenna thought about sex and love being in two different jars. Maybe, she thought, swingers had it figured out right.

Reef showered quickly, toweled off and silently walked into the living room naked. Neither of the girls heard him approaching or as he listened in on the tail end of their conversation.

"So, you had a gangbang that involved Foxy's little brother, had sex with Foxy, and fucked her parents all in less than a 24-hour period? I don't believe you," Amber fired at her friend after hearing of Jenna's adventures on the yacht.

"I swear to God, it's true."

"Don't you feel weird. You slept with the Dad, Mom, daughter and son. The whole family. Jenna that's kind of strange," Amber scolded her friend.

"You slept with Foxy's Mom and Dad?" Reef asked incredulously while walking in naked.

"Yes. It was ... it just happened. Harold walked in on me last night while you were with Foxy and I was naked. Plus, I was still high. I wanted to know if he wanted to play, but he said no. Then this morning I got up to watch the sunset and he was up getting stuff ready for breakfast. We talked a bit, and one thing just kind of lead to another. Then afterwards he said I should use the sauna as the shower lines made a lot of noise and would wake people. When I walked in a lady was in there, and she insisted I keep quiet and the lights off. Later, I figured out it was Foxy's Mom and that she thought I was the lady part of the couple they had over. After about ten minutes, she slides over and basically eats me out, then has me do the same. I swear to god; I didn't encourage her. But from what she was saying I'm pretty sure Foxy's parents are swingers. How's that for some crazy shit?"

"They are. Foxy told me and everyone is cool with it. You can't slap that label on someone, judge them and then act superior given the vices and bodies you've been enjoying," Reef sternly lectured Jenna.

"Hell, yes I can," Jenna shot back. "I'm starting to judge them in a very positive manner. Just because you love someone doesn't mean you can't enjoy sex with others. Swingers aren't stupid and appear to be having a shit ton of fun."

Amber and Reef burst out laughing. When they didn't respond any further, Jenna asked Amber to tell her tale. Twenty minutes later, it was Reef sitting with his mouth wide open.

"Isn't that prostitution? Like, it sounds to me, the little threesome was primarily to get you a scholarship and guarantee admission. That's not fair to other people applying," Reef suggested.

"It may not be fair, but it's a currency that mankind has been using for thousands of years. And regardless of your thoughts about unfairness, the event itself seems to have given you a charge," Jenna stated as she walked over to Reef and grabbed his half-erect rod.

"There is no guarantee, but it probably will grease the wheels," Amber confessed. "And, it was a ton of fun. Anna orchestrated it and, well, I was a willing volunteer. Do you think I shouldn't go there now?"

"No, just be careful. What if he expects something like that every week?" Reef asked.

"I'd have to check Anna's schedule. She's a busy lady," Amber replied with a laugh. "Why don't we all take a nap. A little play beforehand might be fun too."

"Sounds amazing," Reef answered

"Yes. It does," Jenna agreed. The threesome headed to the master, where they stripped and laid down. Amber with her head snuggled into Reef's right arm, while Jenna had hers snuggled into his left arm. With Amber softly stroking his cock, Reef advised the girls on the work he had to finish that week and made a few suggestions regarding sites he recommended. Before he was finished, a gentle light snore was coming from the lady in his left arm. Cautiously, he pulled his arm away and wrapped one end of a blanket around her.

When he laid back down, Amber popped up and placed herself on top of Reef in a 69 position. The two orally pleased each other before switching around and interlocking themselves together. "My pussy is dying to be soaked with your semen. Can you do that for me?"

"Yes." He didn't last long. For over four hours, the threesome wrestled with the Z monster. When they awoke it was dusk outside. "Holy shit, the day kind of got away from us. Should we don some clothes and grab a bit to eat?"

"That sounds perfect. I'm so starving," Jenna answered.

"Me too," added Amber. The three freshened up quickly and were out the door within 20 minutes. They decided to grab something that would be fast, and all agreed on a small taco spot that cooked them as soon one placed their order. Reef opted for the grilled pork belly threesome, while the girls shared orders of mango mole halibut and kobe morel tacos. Ten minutes after walking in, their food was before them and stomachs tempered a notch.

"What should we do tonight?" Amber asked with her mouth half full.

"I am still wiped out. Having a sip of something or a tok sounds good followed by an early bedtime," Jenna advised.

"I'm good with whatever you two decide," Reef added.

"You two had fun last night. I need to get out," Amber added. "I want to throw my heels up a bit. Are there any fun pubs nearby?"

"How about if Reef takes you out tonight and I crash at the rental. It'll make our nights even," Jenna suggested.

"I'm down. We can walk you back and I can change into something a little more fun for the night club. You good with that plan Reef?"

"Sounds good as long as we aren't out all night. My body has its limits."

The group finished their dinner, cleared the table and headed back to the rental. Their leisurely stroll rained laughter and more out of the group. Amber asked several pointed questions about last night's activities aboard the yacht. Internally, she seemed to be struggling with wanting to participate in a similar session and a moral conviction that such things were wrong. When they walked up to the rental, Jenna noticed that Carl's brother's motorcycle was parked out front. Maybe he was house sitting for them.

Amber took over half an hour to "change her clothes." When she returned, her hair was straightened, she was sporting a short little black dress and had on lipstick and eye shadow. Reef's cock now wanted to stay home too.

"Someone sure sports that fuck me dress well. What do you really want to do tonight? Are you going to try and copy my adventures from last night?" Jenna asked with a mocking voice.

"No, I'm saving myself for marriage," Amber spat back.

"Someone wants to get fucked, someone wants to get fucked," Jenna sang out. Reef simply smiled and watched the two friends tease each other. He'd make sure that Amber did got fucked tonight. He was tempted to start such right now.

"I got us a Lyft. The car will be here in five minutes. Are you already Reef?" Amber asked.

"I'll grab a hoodie and I'm good, but your outfit needs something more."

"What do you mean?" Amber asked with a serious look on her face.

"Come here." When Amber walked up to Reef, he grabbed the bottom of her dress and pulled it up to expose her bra. "These have to go." Reef reached around Amber's back, unhooked her bra and easily slid it off her. After tossing it onto the kitchen table, he hooked his fingers through Amber's thong and pulled it down. Once Amber stepped out of the thong, Reef pulled her dress back down. "Much better."

"Everyone will see my nipples sticking out, especially since its starting to get cool out," Amber protested.

"Someone's going to get fucked tonight," Jenna sang out with a smile. Her friend did look damn hot. She'd admired her friend's body while Reef removed her undergarments and was now thinking it would be fun to have another romp with her. "You can borrow my old jean coat. It will keep you warm and you can use it to hide these gems if necessary." As she stated this, Jenna tweaked both of Amber's nipples to bring them to full attention.

"Bitch. We've got to go. The ride is here." Amber dashed back to their bedroom, grabbed the jean coat, slipped into a pair of red high heels that matched her lip stick and headed out the door with Reef. The driver was nice, but had a hard time keeping his eyes from gluing to the rear-view mirror.

"Hey, you want to grab a cappuccino before we head out? I could use a little perk me up."

"Sure," Amber replied with a smile as she re-routed the ride. Five minutes later, they pulled up to the coffee shop they'd visited previous mornings. It was almost deserted. Amber took a seat at a small table, while Reef ordered two cappuccinos. Once finished, the barista brought the drinks to their table. She had dirty blonde wavy hair that flowed past her shoulder blades and caught both of their eyes.

"Thank you. I haven't seen you hear before. Must be new?" Reef asked.

"Sure am. Moved here a week ago and already have myself a job. And at a pretty cool spot," she advised in a thick Southern accent.

"Are you from Alabama?" Amber asked.

"Heaven's no. From the land of peaches. I'm a Georgia girl. Hello, my name is Madison," she advised while extending her hand to Amber then Reef. They too introduced themselves.

"I'm here fairly often and know most of the crew. It's a good fun place to work," Reef advised.

"It is fun. It kinda sums up California. Everything here and the bird's milk," Madison advised.

"I'm from the Midwest, but less than a week here and I'm making plans to relocate. Isn't it great here?" Amber asked.

"It is. I thought you were a local. I remember you from the other morning," Madison replied. Amber's face turned beet red.

"Oh god, I don't know what got into me. Please don't hold it against me," she whispered quietly in response. As the two chatted Reef took in Madison's appearance. She was thin and lanky. A tight white stretch blouse revealed small perky breasts and below was an ankle length silky yellow dress with large brown spots. It was just a touch transparent allowing Reef to determine Madison was wearing a thong. Her rear was mighty fine.

"No, I didn't mean it like that. I'm so sorry. I was proud of you. It's why I moved out here. People live. Back home, a proper woman is supposed to pretend she isn't interested in sex then, after much pressure, caves in to her lust allowing the event to proceed. Why can't people realize women and men are much alike—sometimes we both like to get our freak on and its cool?" The openness of this Southern doll surprised both Amber and Reef.

"That's a great point. Still it's embarrassing. I got carried away," Amber added.

"I don't think you did. Well, maybe carried away by a few orgasms and it was uber hot when you screwed that surfer dude but left with this guy. Every time I thought about it during the day it made me wet. I spent a little too much time in that restroom but by the silence afterwards I think everyone was distracted. It probably wouldn't have taken much for an orgy to bust out after your performance."

"Thank you," Amber stated with a grin.

"I've got to put a few things up and close up. Don't feel like you need to rush off. Once I get stuff cleaned, I'd like to come back and chat some more. I'm the closer tonight."

"Sounds good," Reef answered. "We're not in any rush." Madison turned off the red open sign, locked the entrance and returned to the coffee bar. "I think she was dropping a hint and is interested in you."

"Me?" Amber answered.

"Yes." Amber smiled and twirled her eyes around as if contemplating something.

"Maybe we should pick her up?"

"Not sure she's into guys. You could ask her to help you in the restroom."

"That's too obvious. And what would you do if she and I decided to kiss?"

"Watch, hopefully more, but no pressure. I bet her tits are nice and firm. Imagine licking her nipples as you rake a finger through her slit. Do you think you or she would be wetter?"

"You are bad!"

"And you are thinking about doing just that and I'll wager that your hot little pussy is already wet," Reef declared. "It looks like she's coming back." When Amber turned her head to look behind her Reef reached out and tweaked both of her nipples.

Amber whipped her head around, and with a smile complained, "Stop that. Can't believe I feel for that. She's probable has a ton of clean-up to do. Should we offer to help?"

"Let's wait a minute. Enjoy the pursuit, don't scare off the prey. Open your legs and show me your pussy."

Amber smiled, bit her lip and slowly inched apart her thighs while pulling up the hem of her dress. "Can you see it?"

"Yes. The lips look puffy. Push a finger in and let me taste you." At a snail like pace, Amber did as asked. When she pulled her finger out, it was well coated. Reef sucked it clean. "Guess where I wish my cock was right now?"

"Probably in that blonde's pussy or mouth."

"You are incorrect. Where your finger just came from. Pounding deeply into you while you used your tongue to make the blonde scream through several bloody orgasms."

"Stop it. You're making me horny." Unbeknownst to them, Madison watched their show and was breathing heavily. The night before she'd fallen asleep after a long session of masturbation. The star of her visions had been Amber, and now she was here in the ship almost alone with her.

When she thought Amber had stopped teasing her man, Madison walked out to ask if they wanted a free refill. As she came around the corner, she caught site of Amber using her foot to rub the outside of Reef's crotch. She pretended not to notice, except her nipples popped up. "Would you like a refill or anything else? It's on the house."

"I think we're good. We are going to go dancing at the Irish pub down the street. You're new here. Why don't you join us?" Amber asked.

"I'd love to, but I probably won't finish up for at least an hour."

"We can help. The owner is a friend and he won't know anything about this," Reef offered.

"Are you sure?"

"Positive," Amber answered. "I'll leave my pumps here and you direct us."

"I can clean out the expresso maker," Reef volunteered. "Have seen it done a thousand times, so will be putting those observation skills to good use."

"I'm sure you'll be observing lots of things and you should work hard. Not many men get to dance with two beautiful women," Amber stated.

"You are right about that." This time Madison's face turned a light shade of pink. She led them to behind the bar.

"If you can do the machine that would be great. It takes me forever. The only other job is to polish the cups from the two dishwashers, so they don't have any water spots on them. Sometimes, you have to put a little water on them to get the tough spots off." While stating this Madison handed Amber a soft cotton dish towel and opened one of the dishwashers.

The girls chatted about the South and Midwest. Surprisingly, they had several common interests. One cup seemed especially crusted with water marks, so Amber took one step over to the sink, turned on the faucet then held the cup under the spray faucet. When she squeezed the handle, it was obvious she'd misjudged the systems water pressure. Cold water jetted out rapidly, striking the cup then ricocheting off it and onto Madison. It soaked her face, shoulders and chest.

Amber belted out an "I'm sorry" just before the two ladies erupted into laughter.

Once they calmed down, Madison spoke up. "That might put me out of contention for dancing tonight. This will never dry quickly, and I live over an hour away."

"I think we can get it dry. Do you trust me?"

"Sure, why?" Madison asked.

"Your bra won't dry. However, you'll look sexier without one and then we just have to worry about the t-shirt. If we put the oven on very low and keep an eye on it, I'd bet it dries within 30 minutes."

"I can't just be running around here topless," Madison responded.

"You can wear an apron, and we can dim the lights."

"Ok. This will be funny. Reef if you see one of my breasts pop out from the side of the apron just pretend you didn't see it," Madison advised.

"I'll do my best," Reef replied. Amber helped Madison take off her t-shirt and bra, then put an apron on her. At best, it covered one of her breasts.

"I'm sure he'll look you straight in the eyes, and not even notice these," Amber whispered to Madison as she lightly pinched an exposed nipple. Madison responded with a sigh.

"I've never touched another woman's tits. Do you mind?" Madison asked her new friend.

"I'd love it." Gently, Madison eased both hands up Amber's dress until a breast was in each palm. She squeezed them firmly then took a nipple between her thumb and index finger and pinched them hard. "Ohhh, careful. Pain and pleasure, pure love and hate."

"Do you always go without underwear," Madison asked as a nearly nude Amber stood before her.

"Only when I'm hoping to have fun with special friends," Amber replied as she pulled Madison towards her and planted a juicy kiss on her lips. She was surprised when Madison opened her lips and laced her tongue into Amber's mouth. Reef had finished cleaning the machine and stood a few feet away smiling richly.

The women broke-up their kiss for a moment to smile and gaze into each other's eyes before starting off on a second round of making out. Amber was a bit surprised when Madison pushed her up to the counter. She suggested Amber sit on it as once she'd done this Madison bent over and pushed apart Amber's legs. Her focus was on Amber's pussy.

"I've dreamed of this, but never come close. Tell me if I do it wrong." With those words out, Madison moved forward and had her first taste of another female's sex.

While the coffee house trio was having fun Jenna was home sulking. Originally, she planned on spending the time alone to smoke then take a leisurely bath. Problems started when her search for a "sure-she-brought-back-from-the-yacht" joint could not be located anywhere. The problem amplified when she realized her liquor selection was limited. Straight tequila and a half bottle of cab left over from a couple of nights ago. She poured a glass, took two sips, and discovered the taste of over oxidized Napa cab was awful.

Without the added remedies, a bath didn't seem like much fun. Instead, she tried a long hot shower. This felt great until she started thinking about sex. In particular, how she missed her best friend and was anxious to again feel her tongue against her slit. A touch too late, she realized the power of having a best friend with whom one is also a lover. Despite the depth of the pity party, Jenna could not bring herself to admitting she was wrong and rejoining her friends.
