 When Amber realized the time of day, she had a mild panic. She had a meeting with an important professor in 90 minutes and knew it would take some time to get there. Anna had set up the meeting, so volunteered to take her. Jenna and Reef talked about different breaks that would suit her beginner status. Amber gobbled her food down, then hit the shower.

Anna dressed herself with conservative clothes borrowed from Jenna, while Reef and Jenna enjoyed a beer as they sat spell bound by the ocean scenery. Thirty minutes later, Amber emerged. She looked like a different person. Her hair was pulled back in a French braid, make-up light but elegant and she wore a pair of dark rimmed glasses that matched her hair color. Amber wore a light blue woman's suit with a white blazer. The suit perfectly matched her eyes. The outfit transformed her into a brilliant looking young lady that radiated natural beauty.

"Ok, we better get going. I'm already nervous. What if we get stuck in traffic and miss it?" Amber worried out loud.

"We're good. I've driven this a thousand times before and traffic is fine. If there is an accident, then we'll simply call him and let him know. People understand such, here," Anna educated Amber. The two women exited after quick good-byes, caught a lift over to her place then hit the highway in Anna's Model X. On the large display, she was able to reassure Amber their arrival time was fifteen minutes early and traffic was clear. This allowed Amber to relax and start asking Anna about how she knew the professor and his background.

Reef and Jenna wondered over to the rental. On the way there, they bumped into Axel. Jenna recalled meeting him on the beach a few days ago. The three exchanged hugs and talked briefly about the upcoming weather forecast.

"Hey Foxy's parents are in town and they left this morning to drive up the 1 and visit her sister at Stanford. They want me to keep an eye on their little boat. Was thinking of inviting a few people over this afternoon, pounding a few beers and just relaxing. You two interested? Can bring along your other friend too," Axel advised.

"Maybe," Reef answered. "We were thinking about working on some surf skills. What time are you thinking?"

"The dingy is moored up next to Malibu Pier. I've got a couple more errands to run, then will run it back to the boat. Probably in an hour."

"How about if we're there count us in, and if we aren't then don't hesitate to run out. I'll try to shoot you a text, but I know how the reception is there. That cool?" Reef asked.

"Like, totally dude. If you decide to pop over with me then grab some cold bevvies. I'm snagging a couple of kegs they ordered but it'll take some time for them to chill down."

Jenna and Reef said their goodbyes and continued their saunter back to the rental.

"I'd really like to surf. Is that ok?" Jenna asked.

"Totally fine. I was going to leave the choice up to you."

"What kind of boat has room for kegs? I didn't know if Axel had something jerry-rigged and didn't ask as I didn't want to embarrass him."

"Foxy's parents' boat is what kind," Reef stated with a smile.

"What do you mean?"

"Foxy's mother invented this cool product, and right after her Dad had just lost his job. It turned into a hit and now they're rich."

"What kind of product?" Jenna asked hesitantly.

"That clit stimulator that Amber and you seem to enjoy so much," Reef answered with a straight face.

"No shit?"

"Yes shit. I'm messing with you. Have you seen those pillows one can put in the microwave and it becomes a warm pillow?"

"Yes. They are great items to have back home as winters can be miserable."

"Foxy's mother invented them."

"Wow. That's so cool. She seems so down to earth. I'd have never guessed that she came from a wealthy family," Jenna responded with a look of deep thought on her face. "Is the boat nice then?"

"Hell yeah. It's a 130 foot sail boat slash yacht that has about every amenity on it that you can imagine, including a bar with five different taps."

"Bullshit. You're joking, right?" Jenna asked.

"Not at all. Still wanna surf?"

"Would Axel be cool or does this sound too white-trashy?"

"Does what sound too white-trashy?"

"I was thinking it would be awesome to have photos or a photo shoot on it. I mean how does one top that back home?"

"Honestly, as long as you or we don't hurt anything, I don't think Axel or Foxy's parents give a flying fuck what we do on it. I've only been on it twice. Both parties with Foxy. The last one her parents were there too. They are so chill."

"Would you mind taking pictures? Kind of like we did on the beach, except on the boat."

"Not at all. Axel will probably sail it a bit too, which could create a nice backdrop for a few pictures. It basically drives or sails itself. They used to have a four-man crew, but they automated it two years ago then got rid of the crew and gained some privacy."

"Fuck that'd be awesome. Are Foxy and Axel a couple?"

"No. Besties. More like brother and sister. They cling and hug each other like crazy, but I've never seen them kiss and both have dated others in the past while still maintaining their relationship. They spat like lovers or I guess like close siblings."

Jenna had picked up the pace of their walking and once they reached the rental she whipped through her suitcase and pulled out several outfits and swimsuits. Reef grabbed his camera, sunblock, oil to make Jenna's skin glimmer and two more beers. When Jenna returned, Reef was sitting outside by the pool sipping a beer.

"We need to go. I don't want to be late."

"Chill little lady. I texted Axel, so he knows we are coming. He's still running errands so there was no problem getting my text. We've got forty minutes to kill. Then we'll get a ride, have it stop at a liquor store and drop us off at the water. At most, that takes us fifteen minutes. So, I popped open a beer for you. Grab a seat and chill."

Reluctantly, Jenna took a chair next to Reef and sipped on her beer. She'd changed into a white halter top and had a colorful sarong tied around her waist. It enhanced the gorgeous curves of her body.

"What should we bring besides beer?" Jenna asked as she twirled the ends of her blonde curls around her finger.

"I suspect there is plenty of food onboard. Maybe a joint or two if you're up for such and some chilled rose," Reef advised.

"My stomach is twirling just from thinking about a photo set on like a yacht. I've never been on anything like that. Shit, the only boats I've been on are a ferry once and then lake boats when out bass fishing. Fuck, what if I get seasick. Oh shit, that would be a disaster."

"Calm down. You'll be fine and if you take a few puffs the weed will chill your stomach out. We can grab a couple of ginger beers at the store as that'll help too." Reef finished his beer and stood up. You good for another one?"

"Sure, I guess. Actually, I think I'll take a hit or two. I'm getting way too nervous and focusing on everything that could go wrong. What causes tsunamis?"

Reef started laughing then replied, "You need to do something or maybe just stay here and enjoy the sun by the pool."

"No!" Jenna exclaimed. The two both walked inside together. Jenna to her room and Reef to the frig. A minute later, they returned to their respective positions outside. Reef popped open two hazys and handed one to Jenna. She set it down next to her as she fumbled with a lighter and lit up the mj cigarette. After a couple of puffs, she offered it to Reef who declined.

"I need to keep my head straight if the pictures are going to be any decent."

"Carl's brother told me this was a special blend designed to enhance one's libido. You sure you don't want to take a hit?"

"I'll try it later."

"Do people stay on hammocks on the boat?" Jenna asked as she returned to the topic.

"No. It has everything. A giant master bedroom with a hot tub, and four other smaller bedrooms. And there are giant couches on two different decks, plus a large hot tub on the top deck up by the bar. It's the real deal."

"Shit. I can't believe we got invited to hang out on it. People won't believe me back home until they see the photos. It's going to be so rad."

The sat silent for a few minutes. Slowly, knocking back the second beer.

"Do you feel buzzed?" Jenna inquired.

"Just a touch."

"I totally feel it. Maybe it's the pot. That was so rad the way Amber woke me up. You must love how she's been waking you up."

"No complaints." Jenna titled her beer back and finished it. She stood up and promptly released a loud belch. "That's attractive," Reef responded.

Jenna responded by moving over to where he sat and took a seat on his lap by straddling his legs. "Do you think woman don't burp?"

"Just teasing you."

"Do you think they really can make pot that makes a person horny?"

"Whenever I smoke, I usually get a little more into sex, so I guess you could select for plants that heighten that effect. Do you notice any difference from other stuff you've smoked?"

"Yes definitely. I didn't know if it was just me or like is this legit," Jenna answered.

"Like specifically how does it make you feel?"

"I become very aware of my pussy, it starts to tingle, and I just want to do it."

"Do your nipples or breasts feel any different?" Reef asked and while doing so he raised up the bottom of her halter top and rolled her nipples between his thumb and fingers.

"Yesss. Stop that," Jenna complained as she spread her thighs, so her quim was pressed up against Reef's genitals. "It's almost like there's a nerve connecting my nipples to my pussy." She then leaned down and started to kiss him heavily.

With her legs parted Reef could see that Jenna wore white bikini bottoms under the sarong. As they kissed, she started to grind her loins against his. "Would someone rather stay here and play?"

"No. I just feel so horny. Maybe we can sneak into one of those bedrooms on the boat and have some fun. I can feel you getting hard. I'm surprised, as haven't you already cum a few times?"

"Yes. Anna gave me a pill that is supposed to make guys recover quickly and go multiple rounds. I think it's starting to work."

"No complaints from me," Jenna advised as she brought her lips to Reef's. When they parted, she pulled her phone from her purse and requested a ride. "It'll be here in six minutes; we can be naughty until then." She then returned her lips to Reef's while pulling her top up to expose her firm breasts. Reef squeezed them with one hand, while using his other hand to pull aside the crotch of her swimsuit and plug two fingers into her. Jenna responded by pressing the waist band of his trunks down until his cock was free.

"What are you doing?"

"Using my time wisely," Jenna answered. She raised her hips upwards, so that Reef's head was posed at her entrance then slid down onto his pole. "I feel so damn horny. Maybe I can cum fast and get it out." Jenna leaned back a speck, and with one hand rubbing her sex she began to bounce up and down. Her sole focus being self-gratification.

Reef enjoyed the sensations and visuals but giggled a little. He couldn't recall ever seeing a lady so sexually focused. It was almost as if Jenna was acting like a horny dude. What seemed like seconds later, Jenna's phone buzzed indicating their ride had arrived. She disregarded it, and instead rubbed her clit more aggressively. Thirty seconds later, a serious of loud moans announced she'd achieved her goal.

She stepped off Reef's lap, adjusted her clothing then casually covered Reef's swollen member. "We need to get our stuff and get out there." A second later, Jenna was inside gathering her items and encouraging Reef to hurry. He finished his beer then stood up. It had been a crazy day and he would somehow find relief onboard the vessel. They left the rental, were whisked to a liquor store where beer and other supplies were procured then dropped off by the Pier where Axel stood waiting for them.

The long car ride gave Anna and Amber some time to become better acquainted and Amber had numerous questions about the individual that would be interviewing her. Shortly after pulling onto the freeway, Amber let loose.

"How do you know this professor?"

"He's had several interactions with a company I work with. You know twice he's been nominated for the Noble prize. And he's won the Kyoto Prize and a Copley Medal."

"Shit!" Amber exclaimed. "All in biochemistry?"

"No, his Copley Medal was based on his research into nanotechnology uses that integrate small insect nerve feedback loops with microchips programmed for alternate responses to various stimuli. I think it was all financed by the CIA so pretty top secret, but they did allow him to publish two papers one of which got him the prize—he actually was able to control a few mosquitos. Our company has worked with him on other ventures, alas, I can't discuss them."

"Do you know him well?" Amber asked.

"We've attended several conferences together and shared several work meals. I guess you could say that I was comfortable asking him about arranging this interview. He's seen your grades and knows your professors. Said he was impressed."

"Shit, now I'm getting nervous. What's he like in person?"

"I don't know. Mid-fifties, graying hair, could lose some weight, gorgeous dark deep blue eyes, a brilliant sense of humor and he won't hesitate to flirt after a glass or two of wine. He loves red wine," Anna advised.

"Great, now you tell me. I could have brought him a bottle."

"I've got your back. One of my co-worker's husbands does reviews for a respected wine magazine. He gets sent three bottles for each label he tastes. Technically, he pours them out, but his wife takes care of that chore and she's a good friend. Don't worry, I grabbed two nice ones."

"Shit, I owe you big time. Is he like brilliant and silent or more like a mad scientist?"

"He is brilliant, and charming, and handsome and well, yeah, I've said enough."

"Oh my god. You have a crush on him?"

"Not really, well maybe sort of," Anna confessed.

"Have you done anything with him?" Amber asked excitedly.

"Heavens no! He's a really important component of my company. God, such a conflict. Oh God, my stomach rumbles just thinking about it."

"So, you have thought about having sex with him?"

"Maybe once or twice. He is so powerful, smart and, yeah, he is really sexy. At the last conference he and I attended, I drank a bit too much and fortunately realized it. Spent a good chunk of the night rubbing myself imagining all the different ways I could please him."

"You little devil you. I love it. There's nothing wrong with that. And, I agree, it would be fun to seduce a few older men. Is he married?" Amber asked.

"No. But I swear he brings a different lady to every conference and she's always stunning. He is so out of my league."

"Bull crap! You are an extreme hottie."

"Shit Amber! We'll be there in 15 minutes." Anna reached around to the area behind the passenger's seat and pulled a small stack of papers from a computer bag. "Read theses quickly. They'll give you an idea of his past work and a couple of them are written by his associates. I guarantee he had a hand in it. Just skim them. I'll shut up." The ride was finished in silence as Amber hastily breezed through the articles. She couldn't believe half of what she was reading, but importantly did understand it.

Anna dropped her off as close as possible to the professor's office then departed to park the car. When Anna returned, she found Amber nervously sitting outside Professor Verdu's office. She took a seat beside her, then seconds later the two were summoned into the good professor's office.

"Hello, Anna! Always a pleasure to see you. Such a radiant smile and who is this mystery friend of yours?"

"She's an amazing person. I've been trying to get her to relocate for years and, now, I think she's turned the corner. Do you think you could show her around the school and try to convince her to apply?" Anna asked in a pleading tone.

"The two of you can easily tour the campus on your own. No need for an old-man to slow you down. Miss Pleasant, why are you interested in the USC biochemistry program? I know your professors cherish you and your grades are stellar, but why make such a drastic move?"

"I'll be honest. I love it out here. I know my grades are great and there are several schools that have assured me that they've a spot for me, but I want to learn and work beside the cream of the crop. I'm not looking for a piece of paper to hang on my wall and I want to be exploring the edge," Amber answered.

"Hmm. Quite confident. Do you appreciate politics?" Professor Verdu asked.

"Not really my cup of tea," Amber responded honestly.

"Too bad. Too bad indeed. Science can only take one so far before invisible walls prevent further progress. If you want to be exploring the edge, then you need to be well versed in politics and willing to sacrifice and make sacrifices. Anna, does she know about projects you've worked on that led to your current position and power?"

"Not really. I'm not at liberty to discuss much."

"Hmm. I see. You have a bright mind, obviously are attractive, but how would you propose you could use your mind and assets to best serve science?"

"Professor Verdu, one thing you may not know about Amber is that she comes from a winemaking family. She brought you two samples of juice made by her neighbors," Anna abruptly cut in as she handed the professor a wine sack containing the two bottles.

"Another interesting point that should be on any application. Let's see, what do we have here. Ahhh, quite nice. I'm a collector. This small token won't go unnoticed. How about if we all share a splash?"

The two girls were surprised by the suggestion but agreed. After the first glass the professor seemed to descend from his ivory tower. The refill drained the first bottle which lead to the opening of the second bottle. Once it was half way gone, the conversation sprinted to a different tune.

"Amber don't look so wide-eyed deer-like innocent when I mentioned politics and science blend. Or perhaps I should be more honest. Politics, sex and science blend. What scientist wouldn't fornicate with anyone for a small shot at the Noble Prize?"

"I wouldn't," responded Amber. "How is that right?"

"Well tell me this young lady. If you could fuck a lepor and it would gift you a cure to all cancers and the Noble Prize are you telling me you'd say to hell with mankind?"

"No, that's different."

"How so?"

"Because it destroys innocence which this world needs much more of," answered Anna.

"Ahh, and have you not fucked anyone to attain certain privileges my dear?"

"Never physically. Just emotionally and financially. I know, I know ... some say there isn't a difference," responded Anna.

"I'd fuck anyone if it meant a cure for cancer," cut in Amber.

"But what if it just meant a chance at a cure?" the professor responded.

"It would depend on the proportion of the chance."

"I see. Would you take on fifty lads if it guaranteed a twenty-five percent chance of a universal cancer cure?"

"I, I don't know," Amber answered.

"Ahh. See you are interested in politics. It all depends, right? We all balance the scales at times. And that is a region where science is still young. We'd all break into a pharmacy to steal a drug to save a dying friend, but that is simplistic. How many people do you think offer services to a cop to avoid a traffic ticket?"

"I don't know," Amber admitted.

"Anna, what do you think?"

"It's a fucked up worked. Probably at least a quarter of them."

"Very close, my dear, very close. And Amber do you think those numbers go up or down for admission to an elite college?" The room fell silent for an uncomfortable period.
