 My wife, Sandy, and I have always enjoyed pillow talk. We've always shared our sexual turn-ons as we began our fore play. Often we continue talking and encouraging each other throughout our lovemaking. We love to talk dirty to one another during sex. ;)

One day she looked up at me as she took my cockhead out of her mouth and asked "Do you like it when I give you head?" 

"Of course I do. Who wouldn't?" I answered quickly.

What else could I say?

"No." She said "Do you REALLY like it when I give you head. Does it make you think about me for the rest of the day? Does it make you wish I was sucking you all the time? Does it make you feel lucky to have me?"

"Do I rock your world when I suck your dick?" She asked.

I paused. 

I certainly enjoyed the feeling of having my cock in her warm wet mouth. I certainly enjoyed looking down at her eyes as my cock moved in and out of her beautiful face. I loved feeling her tongue wash over and all around the head of my manhood. I loved watching her lick and suck me. All that was good, but it was just fore play. She never deep throated me, she never let me cum in her mouth or on her face... The fact is, she would always stop her oral stimulation as soon as she sensed I was close to cumming. She'd just stop and climb on and finish me off in her pussy.

This was all fine with me, but it didn't exactly rise to the level of "rocking my world."

"I truly enjoy having you suck me." I said quietly after thinking my answer through thoroughly. 

I continued... "I love looking down at your eyes as you suck and lick. I love watching my cock move in and out of your mouth and rub all over your pretty lips. I love how you make my cock feel so hard and so alive!"

I paused again...

"I've always thought it would be a thrill to have you let me cum in your mouth or on your face, you know - like in the movies - THAT would 'rock my world."

There was a long pause. She silently looked up at me. Stared up at me would be more accurate. I could tell she was waiting to see how I'd get myself out of this hole I was apparently digging...

"I know" I continued "that you're afraid that once I cum I'm done, and that's a valid concern."

I went on in my attempt to sell this idea...

"I promise that if you let me cum in your mouth, I'll lick you 'till you scream and fuck you silly as soon as my dick's recovered."

She smiled.

"That would be nice" she said, "but that's not what concerns me, whether I get mine or not."

She paused, took a breath, and continued...

"Have you ever thought about what it would be like to have a guy in your mouth? To have a cock fill your mouth and push down your throat to a point where you're almost gagging? To have this go on and on and then finally have him fill your mouth and throat with tons of his sticky, bitter/sweet goo!!?? Have you ever thought about that?"

I couldn't tell her how often I'd thought about that. It's not something I've ever thought I'd actually do - but I have thought about it! Often.

"Is it THAT bad?" I asked. "It doesn't seem like such torture to me" I said "the girls in the movies seem to like it. I've tasted lots of my cum over the years and it doesn't taste that bad to me..." I said. "But then again, I've never actually tried to give a real blowjob on a real man."

"Maybe you should." She said frankly. Then after a pause she gave a little smile and her eyes twinkled.

I pulled her up, kissed her passionately, rolled her over put my cock into her sopping wet pussy and fucked her crazy as she wrapped her legs tightly around me. All the while I was thinking of what it would be like to give a blowjob and swallow a fresh load... Then we slept.

Over the next few days I recounted this conversation in my mind repeatedly. I couldn't control my curiosity. Was it really that difficult to give good head? Honestly, I'd always thought it would be fun - for a girl you know, but now I kept picturing my beautiful wife looking up at me and telling me I should try it myself before making that assumption.

I wasn't the only one with our pillow talk on my mind. My wife cleverly slipped in thinly veiled references to our discussion whenever she could. We were at the grocery and she held up two different bunches of bananas. Cocking her head slightly to one side she smiled a little smile and asked whether I would prefer to eat the long straight ones, or the shorter curved variety. I said I like sweet, firm bananas and that the size and shape I could enjoy either way. We strolled past the cucumbers and she handed me two of them. "Hold these for a minute" she said as she went across the isle to grab some plumbs. She came back with two plumbs in a sack and asked me which cucumber felt better in my hands, the large smooth one or the thinner bumpy variety. 

"I think I'd like the thinner cucumber. I like the bumps" I said while lightly stroking it. I smiled knowingly back at her. 

By now she had me thinking a lot about what it would be like to have a cock in my mouth. Over time my thoughts began to turn from curiosity to desire. I struggled with these thoughts but my desire eventually outweighed my curiosity. I found myself really wanting to experience the act of sucking and pleasuring a man, or more accurately a penis. I began to actually think about how it would feel, how it would smell and I especially wondered how it would taste when he climaxed. I pulled up videos of blowjobs (given by both men and women.) I studied the techniques. I imagined myself at the receiving end of all the different penises. I loved watching the reactions of the giver and I studied their techniques. When I ate my wife I would suckle her clit and imagine it was a little penis.

One night after bringing her to climax suckling her clit, I moved up, inserted my cock into her sopping pussy, and began to fuck her gently. I know how tender she is immediately after an orgasm.

She whispered in my ear "I love it when you suck me like that. I imagine my clit is my cock and I'm deep in your mouth. When you make me cum like that you really do rock my world. I get it!"

My thoughts swirled and I began to pound her harder as my level of arousal increased. 

"I'd bet that you'd be really good at giving blow jobs" she continued "you'd probably be a natural" she whispered.

She began to moan and scream as I lost all control of myself and pounded my cock into her pussy relentlessly. I brought my face to hers and kissed her passionately as I felt my climax building. I sucked her tongue into my mouth imagining it was a cock! I pounded her hard as I sucked her tongue until I came with a mighty crescendo. I pulled my face away.

"Oh my God!" I cried out. 

I let out a huge sigh and collapsed on her. We stayed frozen in time like that for a while as we both recovered. Still thinking about sucking her tongue, I rolled off and kissed her goodnight.

The weekend was coming and I asked her over breakfast if we had any plans. She said she'd been thinking of inviting a friend from work over to have dinner and a soak in our hot tub, "Would Friday or Saturday be better for you?" She asked.

"Tell me more about this friend." I said.

"Her name is Kelly and we went to school together. I haven't seen her in years but she's just started working with us. We were close in school so we have a lot to catch up on."

"I've got golf Saturday afternoon but maybe you two could have some time to catch up and I'll join you in the tub about 7:30?"

"Good plan." She responded. "Saturday it is."

We finished breakfast and headed out to face the day.

Friday evening we decided to lay low and relax. We started preparing dinner together and my beautiful wife became playful. She's always loved it when we worked together in the kitchen, or on any little project or task for that matter. She just seemed to get turned on by our interaction. I've always liked that about her.

"I want to talk about blow jobs again" she suddenly blurted out.

Although it caught me by surprise, I instantly responded "Me too!"

Then I blushed a little. "Too quick" I thought to myself.

She slowly moved around the counter until she was close to me. I was in the midst of cutting vegetables. She reached out and took a good sized carrot from the butcher block.

Holding it up a few inches below my chin, she asked "isn't this about the size of your penis when it's hard? Maybe you could use it to show me how you'd give a blowjob if you were me. Show me how easy it should be..."

I was really on the spot now. Unbeknownst to her I had been practicing on one of her dildos all week, initially out of curiosity of course. I'd been trying to see how difficult it was to fit a cock in my mouth, just seeing if it was really that hard to do. Although I'd found it a challenge, it had certainly proven to be possible and not that difficult after some practice. And that was on plastic - not warm, throbbing ply-able flesh.

We looked deeply into each other's eyes. 

"Alright. I'm game." I thought to myself. Inside I was smiling from ear to ear but I played it cool on the outside.

I wrapped my hand around the carrot and she released her hold. Still holding it inches below my chin I slowly lowered myself to where I could have the carrot simulate the position of her dick if she had one.

I held the carrot in front of her crotch with the fat (stem) end pointing slightly upwards and away from her body, just like a nice hard cock. I grasped her asscheek with my other hand and pulled her close as I lowered my lips to the carrot and looked up at my wife's eyes.

Staring her down, our eyes locked in anticipation, I parted my lips and engulfed the first inch or so of the carrot. I washed my tongue around the carrot. I began to move my mouth up and down on the carrot using my tongue to apply generous amounts of saliva. I slurped and sucked and slurped and sucked. I was pulling her ass towards myself working the carrot ever deeper into my mouth. I finally broke eye contact and began to concentrate on working her entire "cock" into my mouth and throat.

The other end of the carrot was now rubbing hard on my wife's clit causing her breath to become quick.

"Oh god" she moaned "you look so HOT sucking on my cock like that!" She said between breaths.

I continued to work on her cock. I was sucking it into my throat and at the same time increasing the pressure and movement on her clitty. By now my gag reflex had totally relaxed and I had taken all but the part of the carrot I was holding deep into my throat.

I was imagining that it was a real hard cock now plunging in and out of my face and as she started to scream with ecstasy, I imagined she was cumming down my throat.

This was all too much for me now. My own cock needed relief so I pulled it out. Still sucking and making my wife cry in passion, I gave my cock a few pulls and began to cum all over my hand. I brought my cum slathered hand to the carrot and wiped gobs of my cum onto it. I then took it back deep into my mouth once again, tasting my sweet cum. Looking up at her eyes again to see her reaction.

I loved it. I loved the entire scenario. I loved her reaction. God what a thrill!

I pulled the carrot out of my mouth and slowly stood up. 

I held the carrot up between my lips and hers. Looking deep into her eyes again I brought the carrot, still wet with both cum and saliva, to my mouth and slowly deep throated it again. Then I sucked it clean and laid it back on the butcher block.

She wrapped her arms around me and we embraced. 

"God that was hot." She said. "Maybe you could teach me how to do that sometime..."

We kissed. Then we finished preparing dinner. The carrot was delicious.

We talked over breakfast about our plans for the evening. She told me how excited she was about catching up on things with Kelly. She told me more about Kelly and the friendship they'd shared in high school. She told me that Kelly was also on the gymnastics team. She told me they were together constantly her junior year but that Kelly graduated a year before her and they had parted ways. I could tell she was really excited about reconnecting.

"I am looking forward to introducing you two. I can't wait to show off my husband and I'm excited to introduce you to someone who was a very important part of my life as a teenager." She told me. Her enthusiasm was clearly evident.

We agreed once again that I'd do my best to be home by 7:30. I headed out to meet with my golf partners and my wife prepared to entertain a guest.

Although I was looking forward to meeting Kelly, I didn't think much about it as I spent my day in the company of bros. We played bad golf and told bad jokes...and thoroughly enjoyed wasting a beautiful sunny day. We enjoyed a light meal at the club after our round and as the sun began to set I made my way back home as planned.

When I arrived the house was quiet. Evidence of the girls' dinner was still beside the sink in the kitchen, an empty wine bottle on the table, but everything else was cleaned up. I assumed the girls were already in the hot tub. I made my way to the shower for a quick rinse. I then threw on my shorts and headed out to join them.

My first glimpse of Kelly took my breath away. She had angelic blonde hair, sapphire eyes, a face that literally made my knees weak... she was wearing a white string bikini that barely contained her voluptuous breasts, which seemed to float like marshmallows on the water.

"Hello Honey! Nice to see you, too!" Sandy said sarcastically as she observed my reaction to her friend's stunning beauty.

My wife is no slouch herself. She's 5'6" with dark curly hair that frames her big brown eyes and ruby lips beautifully. Her breasts are large firm and high and I wouldn't trade them for the world. Her ass looks like two cantaloupes in a bag and her thigh-gap is just hot (happiness is a bow-legged woman they say!) She wore her scarlet bikini and certainly held her own in this or any crowd. 

Sandy introduced us formally as I approached. Then she handed me a glass of champagne. "This should help you relax, Honey." She said.

I felt a familiar twinge in my groin as I climbed into the tub with them.

We made small talk for a bit. They asked about my golf and I said that we had a good time. They asked me again about my golf game and forced me to confess that my talent for the game is not why I play it.

I asked them if they were enjoying their opportunity to catch up on each other's lives post-high school. "It's been an interesting conversation" my wife responded "a lot has changed since our time of innocence..."

We sipped champagne and made some initial small talk. We talked about how my wife and I met, we talked about where Kelly had been since school and we talked about how cool it was that after all this time my wife and Kelly didn't seem to miss a beat. They were still two peas in a pod. The conversation was innocent and passive as we relaxed and let the champagne work its magic.

As we relaxed and conversed I became curious about the extent of their relationship. I began asking questions that I thought would help me get a clearer idea of how close the two of them had been.

"So you were both on the gymnastics team" I said for confirmation "did you compete against each other or were you doing different events?" I asked Kelly.

"Actually..." Kelly began, "we did participate in the same events, but we didn't compete against each other..."

Just then my wife interrupted. 

"Honey. You know how my friends and I have occasionally mentioned my high school crush?"

She paused to let me think, then she continued "Kelly was my high school crush. We dated all through my junior year."

BAM! Didn't see that coming!

There was silence as they allowed me to wrap my head around this surprising revelation. As I thought back I could remember her talking about a Kelly in school, but I always assumed it was a boyfriend...

With a shocked look I asked my wife "You were a lesbian in high school?!?!"

Both Sandy and Kelly let out a simultaneous howl of laughter, Sandy spitting champagne out of her nose as she laughed.

"Hey!" I said. "I didn't say that was a BAD thing. I'm just a bit dumbfounded!"

They continued to chuckle at me. I'm not always the quickest on the uptake so I could tell I was missing something as I looked at one and then the other hoping that they'd let me in on the joke.

"Kelly WAS my boyfriend, and he competed on the boys gymnastics team." Sandy explained, still chuckling a bit. "Kelly is a transsexual."

BAM! Again. Didn't see that coming either. Kelly is so beautiful, so feminine...how could this be?

We all sat quietly in the hot tub sipping champagne for a time as I let all of this process.

Finally Sandy asked "Are you okay, Honey?"

I shook my head a bit and answered. "Well yeah, I'm okay. Just a bit bamboozled, that's all." 

"You don't think it might have been a good idea to let me in on this in advance?!" I said calmly. "Out in these parts it's not every day that you find yourself in a hot tub with a man that's as pretty as your wife!"

They both laughed again.

"Are you sure Kelly's not a born female?" I asked. I was kind of making light of the situation, but I was also kind of serious. Nothing I could see would give the slightest hint that Kelly might have been anything but a very attractive woman.

"Oh, I'm sure." They both said simultaneously.

"Would you like to have her prove it?" Sandy asked.

I took a big drink of my champagne. 

I don't know if it was the long day, the bad golf, the champagne or the unexpected direction that the evening had taken... 

"I think I would kinda like to see that proof." I said looking directly at my wife "that is, if it's okay with you?"

"Oh, Honey" she said "I've already seen it and I have no problem with you seeing it!"

"Show him Kelly." She said.

Thankfully the champagne magic was in full effect at this point or I'd surely have turned to stone and gone up in a ball of flames. I like to think of myself as a man of the world, but in reality I'm a choirboy with a secret sexual curiosity- okay, a choirboy. Anyway, I've never strayed far from exactly what my mother would have wanted me to be. I've thought about a lot of fun sexual deviancy, but I really haven't participated or witnessed any first hand. Deviancy probably isn't even the right word, variation would probably be more accurate. Either way, I was headed directly towards virgin territory for me...

Kelly began to straighten herself up, since we had become pretty comfortable over the time we'd been soaking. She took a sip of her champagne and set the glass down outside of the tub. Then she slowly began to rise out of the water. Her breasts remained firm even as they were no longer floating on the surface of the water. Her torso was trim and defined. As the top edge of her bikini began to clear the surface she still showed no signs of masculinity.

At this moment I did not know what to expect. My anticipation was thick as catchup. I found myself totally focused on the surface of the water where it met the cloth of her bikini bottoms. I watched intently as she continued to rise. At about the time the final third of her bikini was beginning to show I detected the telltale bulge. 

"Oh my god," I thought to myself. 

She continued to rise until she was completely out of the water and her crotch was a foot from my gazing eyes. She stood still as I studied her form. There it was. A definitely masculine bulge. I could see the defined lines of her shaft and the distinct outline of her cockhead. Below that, still contained in what little cloth her string bikini had, I could see the unmistakable shape of her balls. 

"Oh god." I thought "She is a man! Or at least she's a woman with a very manly part!"

I continued to stare. I couldn't take my eyes away. Both my wife and Kelly watched me intently as I examined Kelly's crotch and processed what I was seeing. I must have just stared for over a minute. I swore I was seeing it grow a little as I stared.
