 SURPRISE!

Ellen was a late bloomer...until she was 18 years old she was a blushing small town virgin. Her 18th birthday party down at Panama City Beach changed all that. She discovered that the sight of an erect penis ejaculating over her hands excited her, gave her a funny, tingly feeling between her legs. 

That same night she found that the hot squirts of cum against her pussy walls would make her cum as well. Shortly thereafter, she found that if she rubbed her pussy with her hand while she was sucking a cock, the orgasm she had made her climb the walls. 

When she got totally wasted just before leaving for college, she found to her surprise, that when a horny male inserted his cock in her then virgin ass by mistake, she started cumming and didn't stop until he took it out. It was at this point she began to wonder if she might be a little...different from the other girls she knew.

Ellen grew up in a small northwest Florida town. She attended a public school, went to church on Sundays and Vacation Bible School in the summers. She was a bit of a tomboy, preferring hunting, fishing, and swimming to the dolls, tea parties, and cheerleading of the other girls. She in fact had few female friends. 

She had 2 brothers, both much older, and Dad as she grew up. Her mother had died young, in a car accident down near Destin. Her Dad never seemed to notice that she had few girls over, as a matter of fact, he never seemed to notice much of anything after her Mom had passed away. She pretty much grew up alone.

Her first year in college came as a pleasant surprise to her. She relished her newfound personal freedom, and she was really lucky to find a roommate that was much like her. Jennie had grown up in Tallahassie and was a little more worldly than Ellen. They enjoyed sharing their room and soon began having late night conversations of all the things that girls talk about late at night. 

Of course, the conversations soon turned to boys in general and sex in particular. Jennie explained to Ellen that sex was ok, but that mostly it was something all the girls she knew did to get the boys to spend time with them instead of playing football or video games. Surprised, Ellen didn't understand Jennie's attitude at all. 

"You don't love the way it feels?" Ellen asked.

"After the first time, when it hurt a little bit," Jennie said matter-of-factly, "I haven't felt much one way or the other. Maybe I get a funny feeling in my stomach after a little while, but it goes away."

Ellen was rocked. "You've never cum before?" she asked.

"I've heard about it, but I figure that's just another fairy tale" Jennie told her.

Later, when they had turned the lights off and gone to their beds, Ellen said "Jen?"

"What?' came the answer from across the darkened room. 

"It's not a fairy tale." Jennie's lamp flicked on. 

"What do you mean it's not a fairy tale" she asked quizzically. 

Ellen told her about her first experiencing the feel of a boy squirting hot jizz across her hands, and about cumming when she first felt someone cumming in her pussy. She didn't mention how being fucked in the ass drove her totally wild. She wasn't sure, but felt as if Jen would think she was awful if she told about it. She wasn't sure Jen was even ready to talk about blowjobs. But she felt her pussy getting damp just thinking about it all. 

"What does it feel like?" Jen asked. 

Ellen decided to take the plunge and explain masturbation to Jennie. Jennie blushed and turned off her lamp. "I can't do that" she giggled, "I'd be embarrassed to death!" 

"You don't have to be Jen, I've been doing it every night since we've been here and you haven't said a word!" The lamp flashed back on.

"I thought you had asthma" Jennie blurted. Both girls collapsed on their beds with laughter. After a short while they managed to calm down and the conversation turned serious again. After a fairly long and detailed conversation on the art of masturbation Jenny resolved to try it, but only after they'd turned the lights back off. She said she thought she'd be embarrassed when she came, but Ellen told her how she'd put her pillow over her face to shut down the noise and both girls sailed off into gales of laughter once again. 

They eventually got the lamps off again and Ellen listened in the silent room. "I'm not feeling very much, but my panties are getting a little damp" Jen whispered. She heard muffled giggles from across the room. 

"Take your panties off stupid, better yet, get naked!" 

"Naked" Jennie whispered, "You sleep naked?" 

"My first class is 2 hours before yours, I'm always up before you are...or you'd know that!" Ellen shot back. Ellen heard the bedclothes rustle and Jennie's sharp intake of breath a moment later. 

"That feels different" Jennie said.

"Better, huh?" The movements in the bed across the room quickened just a little, but not as much as Ellen expected. By now she was feeling horny, and had begun to lightly rub her pussy with her hand. She moaned a little as her hips jerked at her own touch. Jennie's voice floated across to her in the dark.

"Dammit, I knew I had to be doing something wrong!" 

Ellen could hear the frustration and the tears in Jennie's voice, and she slipped quietly over to Jennie's bed to sit with her. "You're over there moaning and all I'm doing is getting wet fingers" Jennie sobbed quietly. Ellen hugged her, then crawled under the covers with her. 

"It's ok Jen, I guess it's just different for everybody." 

Jen's tears were still coming, "It's not fair!"

Ellen held her close and without thinking a single thought she reached down between Jennies parted thighs and began to massage Jennie' clit just as she rubbed her own. Jennie's intake of breath was sharp and sudden. 

"That's different" she breathed. Ellen continued rubbing as she felt Jennie's arms close around her. Jennie's breathing became harsher and her legs spread a little more. Ellen became aware that her own nipples, pressed against Jennie, were getting hard...and she was getting aroused. 

Ellen straddled Jennifer's right thigh and began to rub her pussy against it. Her breathing became as ragged as Jennifer's. Ellen slid her fingers into Jennifer's now soaking pussy and Jennifer bucked up against her hand, hips straining. "Ohhh," she croaked, "Ohhhhh!" 

Jennifer's gasps became louder and her hip movements more frantic, and Ellen matched her grind for grind. Jennifer shouted "Oh God" and convulsed, sending Ellen over the edge as well. Neither of them moved as their heaving chests began to slow to a normal breathing pattern. 

"This is going to sound like some corny porn movie in a frat house," Jennie whispered, "but I never knew it could be like that!"

The next morning they awoke in each other's arms, still naked, still twined together. "You've slept through your first class sleepyhead" Jennie said. 

Ellen smiled at her and shook her head to clear it. "How are you feeling this morning?" she asked. 

"I'm feeling glorious" Jennie said, "but now I've got a question." 

Ellen laughed drily and lolled her head back down on the pillow. "Shoot" she said. 

Jennifer raised up on one arm and gazed into Ellen's eyes "Does this mean we're gay?" she asked, perfectly seriously. 

Ellen tried to hold back the laughter but it had crossed her lips before she could stop it. 

"I don't know about you" she sputtered, "but I guess I just found out I'm bi!" The conversation continued until Ellen had convinced Jennie that this one experience didn't mean she was gay. When they showered for class, they showered together. "This is going to be a time saver" Ellen quipped. Jennie's raucous laughter reassured Ellen that Jennie was handling the experience well.

Ellen checked the room before bringing Todd inside. She told him "I wanted to make sure Jen wasn't here before we both came in." The sex she'd had with Jen had been good, better than she'd ever dreamed possible with another woman, but had left her hungry for the feel of a hard, hot penis inside her. 

Todd was just a friend, but he had a nice body and he was available. She sidled up to him. "I have no idea how long Jen's going to be out, but I just can't wait any more!" She ground against Todd, rubbing the length of her body against his. She felt his immediate response, and pulled her shirt off, exposing her shapely breasts to his wondering gaze. She grabbed his cock through his jeans and pumped it shamelessly. "You going to just stand there staring at my titties," she asked, "or are you going to fuck me?"

Moments later she was lying on her narrow bed with her legs spread wide, Todd over her and rubbing the head of his cock against her clit. She shivered at the feel of the boy's cock against her pussy, it felt so good her pussy was contracting already. She knew she wouldn't last long, the itch had been there since she'd cum against Jennie's thigh. Her ankles locked behind Todd's ass and she squeezed hard, driving him forward into her as far as his dick would reach. It wasn't huge, but it did feel good. 

She writhed under him, feeling the need peak in her body, cumming before Todd really had a chance to get moving. It was a real boost to his ego, but left him with a hard erection. She giggled and kissed him, knowing he was a bit confused.

"I needed that bad," she said, "now we're going to take care of this." She squirmed out from under him, grabbing his cock as she rose, turning him over on his back. She bent and lapped at the head of his cock, and from his reaction, she guessed this was a new experience for him. 

"You've never had a blowjob before?" she asked. He reddened and told her no. "Then you're going to love this" she said. She sucked him into her mouth deeply, glad this once that she had found an ordinary cock rather than some monster that stretched her mouth out of shape. Ellen took her time, teasing him with her tongue. 

She held his swollen shaft with one hand while she licked slowly down to his balls, squeezing the shaft while sucking one of his balls into her mouth, laving it all over with her tongue. She watched his eyes, seeing the widen as each new thing she tried astonished him and filled him with pleasure. Kissing the head, she leaned up towards his head just far enough that she felt his hardened cock against her breasts. 

Smiling at Todd, she pushed her breasts together, trapping his swollen dick between them. She rubbed up and down on the trapped penis, hearing Todd groan softly. She was really enjoying this. Todd was as old as she, but had apparently had little experience with girls...he wasn't going to last much longer. His movements had become quite jerky and frantic. Ellen slid up his body, lying smoothly against him, holding him tenderly. She knew he wouldn't last much longer. "You're new at this aren't you?"she whispered into his ear. 

"I really don't mind" Ellen said, "I just really needed a hard cock fast and you gave me what I needed. I just want to make sure you get to feel as good as I did!" His still red face gave away his embarrassment at his inexperience. "I'll tell you what," Ellen said, "you made me cum so good, I'm going to do the same for you. You tell me what you want and I'll do it."

"Anything?" he gulped. 

"As long as it doesn't hurt me Todd, I'm not into pain." His face fell, which puzzled her...Todd didn't look freaky. "Come on, you were thinking something and I want to know what it was" she said with a pouty look. After a moment he leaned forward and whispered as if he thought someone might hear. 

"I heard some guys talking about...you know...having sex with some girl in the butt. But they said it hurt her and they couldn't finish." 

She grinned at him. "Is that all?" He nodded, still embarrassed. She rolled over on top of him. Reaching between her widespread legs, she grabbed his still wet cock and guided it to the puckered rosebud of her ass. "I like it in the ass," she said, "the very first time I tried it I came so much I cried." With that said, she eased his now throbbing cock into her ass. She had never understood why the feel of a dick in her ass made her feel good. Other girls she talked to were repulsed even by the idea. Some said they'd tried it but it hurt too much. 

Ellen didn't care why it felt good, just the idea of it made her wet. She was right, Todd didn't last very long. She began cumming as soon as she felt her balls bump up against her asshole as he hilted himself deep in her ass. The clenching of the walls of her ass triggered his orgasm, and she felt his hot spray against her insides. She didn't stop cumming til he pulled his limp cock from her ass.

The guy Ellen went out with Friday night turned out to be a total dud, so she stopped off at a convenience store and picked up a quart of butter pecan ice cream and a romance novel before going back to the dorm. She saw no lights on and heard no noise, so she unlocked the door and went inside. 

She flicked on her lamp and heard a bump... and looked up to see a Jennie's off-and-on boyfriend Greg with his fly open lying on the floor. Jennie was sitting on the bed wearing nothing but a pair of lacy panties. Jennie was giggling and Greg looked embarrassed. "We didn't think you'd be home so soon" Jennie laughed. Ellen smiled and explained about her date, then told the pair that she'd go down and catch a movie. She put the ice cream in their freezer and started to leave.

Jennifer, still in just her panties ran over to catch her. "Are you sure I'm not gay?" she whispered, "Greg's touching me softly and trying all the right things, but nothing's happening!" 

"Maybe he's just as new at this as you are" Ellen whispered. "I've got an idea." The two girls whispered, heads together, over by the door as Greg looked on nervously. He had managed to fasten his pants but his fly was still open and his shirt was unbuttoned, showing a nice flat belly and a chest that was not quite as beefy as Ellen liked them. 

Both girls approached him and Ellen said "I guess this is just your lucky day!" Jennie kissed him, pushing him down on her bed as Ellen stripped off her clothes. Jennie kneeled over him, dragging her hard nipples across the light fuzz on his chest, pausing here and there to plant a moist kiss on his bare chest. Ellen unfastened his jeans and dragged them down over his hips. Greg had instantly become a very happy young man.

Ellen's hot mouth had instantly attached itself to Greg's cock when she finally got his pants off. Jennie had curled a hand around his balls. And then moved her head down next to Ellen's to watch. Greg lazily reached his hand down inside Jennie's panties to fondle her ass. Jennie watched a moment, then hesitantly flicked out her tongue and licked just under the front of the head of Greg's hardening prick.

When Ellen's head swooped down, engulfing the whole thing, Jen licked his balls. The girls began to alternate, seeing which of them could get the most cock in their mouths. Ellen could, but not by much. Jennie stayed put, trying to work more of it into her mouth without gagging. Ellen sat up and bent Greg's face over Jennie's panty covered pussy. "If you want us to keep this up" Ellen said, you're going to have to give a little back." 

She reached down and pulled Jennie's panties down. Greg needed no more encouragement, and promptly buried his whole face between Jennie's naked legs. Ellen rubbed her nipples against Jennie's belly. Jennie's face was a little red from the effort of a semi sideways sixty-nine with Greg, but she was beginning to show a good deal of enthusiasm. Ellen began sucking on Jennie's tits and Jennie's efforts on Greg's cock began to get a little frantic. 

"Come on" Ellen said, pulling Jennie away from Greg's jerking cock and pushing her into a kneeling position on the little single bed. She reached down and grabbed Greg's now fully erect dick and positioned him to enter Jennie from behind. With a groan Greg buried his cock deep in Jennie's pussy. Jennie pushed back against him, really wanting for the first time in her life, to feel the hard length of a man inside her. 

Ellen watched her roommate's face closely as it reddened. Jennie was trying, and seemed to be getting close...but Greg was about to cum.

Ellen lay on her back and slid under the pumping, grinding couple until her face was directly beneath the place where Greg's cock stopped and Jennie's pussy started. Her tongue darted out, laving Greg's cock and Jennie's clit at the same time. She flicked faster, tasting both of them, and feeling her own orgasm starting to crest. Her hand slipped between her legs and into her sopping wet pussy. 

Jennie moaned and bucked, and Greg started unloading his thick salty cream inside her. Ellen saw the tightening of his balls and the pulsing of his cock as some of his cum squirted out of Jennie's pussy. She lapped up the overflow as her own orgasm took her.

They woke up in a tangle in grey morning light. Greg kissed both the girls, dressed, and headed for his own dorm room. Ellen met Jennie under the hot shower moments later. They kissed softly. "OK" Jennie smiled, "I'm satisfied I'm not gay, I'm bi!"