 Special thanks to Livi for the translation! Without her work, my grammar would be a complete disaster. 

*********************

"Hey!"

The cheerful female voice came unexpectedly to me as I noticed its owner standing at my door. I looked uncomprehendingly at Erik, who stood next to the delightful blondie. But he just stared at me with his incredible blue eyes and grinned stupidly.

"I brought a guest too. I hope you don't mind," he said trying to show an unemotional face, but I saw that he could hardly contain his laugh.

"No," I gasped at last and let them in. My unexpected guest ran in as a hurricane and looked around in my hall as she would have never seen anything like this before. I didn't say anything just stared at Erik.

I thought just he would come. We planned to spend the evening together drinking beer, watching a movie, giggling and then... we would find out. But the expression on his face told me that he had planned something entirely else. The blondie turned to me and with a wide smile she offered her hand to me before I could say anything. She introduced herself, but I was still so surprised that I didn't understand. I didn't want to look like I was dumb or at least deaf, so I didn't say anything. I squeezed the offered hand and forced myself to smile.

"You've got a beautiful name," I praised what she said that was her name, however I hadn't heard it. "Just call me B!"

"B?" she wondered. Her smile vanished and she lifted an eyebrow questioningly, but it didn't chase her cheerfulness that shone continuously from her eyes away.

"Yep," I nodded. "I don't really like my name, so I use it with its initial." I paused for a moment. "But, to be honest, I don't like any name either. They don't express anything about our personality."

"So, just B," appeared a wide smile on her face again.

"Yep. But you can call me the 89th prisoner if you like, too."

"Why the 89th?" she lifted an eyebrow again, but she never stopped smiling.

"It's not interesting," I waved my hand.

"Come on, little girl! " Erik chuckled. "Don't be so serious! After all, we are here to have fun, aren't we?"

"She asked my name," I replied, but I knew, I was like an open book to him and he knew exactly, that this was already just a heckling from me. We knew each other very well to know that.

"It's not a bad name," the blondie said. "It sure is individual... But not as individual as the 89th prisoner. However, I heard you're called in other names at the university..."

"I've got quite much nicknames," I interrupted her before she could continue. I didn't know which one she knew about, but there were some, that wasn't so good to hear. What's more, there were much of them that I hated.

"Take it easy, little girl!" Erik wrapped my shoulder and mussed up my hair gently. "It's party time!"

The place was filled with cheerful laugh because of this movement, and I couldn't be angry for that.

"I can't wait," my brand new acquaintance said. "But where can I find the bathroom before we getting started?"

"Just go through that door and the first door on the right," I said, and she gave me a smile.

I glared at the back of her as she vanished behind the door, then I looked at Erik questioningly. As I saw the causeless cheerfulness in his eyes before, he saw the unsaid question in mine. What was that?

"Don't you like her?" he asked cheerfully.

"What should I like about her?"

"Come on, little girl!" He grinned. "I saw how you checked her out."

He knew me too well. But that wasn't the best place and time to recognize it, so I just moaned and turned my head away from him to stare at the door that the girl disappeared behind.

We knew each other since we could remember. I've never hidden that not just the muscular upper body, his handsome face and the huge cock made me horny. He had always been the first person who knew everything about me.

"Come on! Let's smile!" he stepped behind me and wrapped his arms around my waist playfully, pushing his face to my neck as his hands started their journey towards my breasts.

I started to laugh too and, though I enjoyed as his big hands grabbed my breasts through my T-shirt for a second but I pulled away from his hug.

Yes, we knew each other for a very long time. For such a long time, I couldn't even imagine my life without him. We spent a lot of time together and shared everything about us with each other. Even the joys of life too. He was my best friend. I'm said to be a loner however, I can't say I'm lonely. Also, I had never been excommunicated or being socially refused. I'm called for example 'Dark Angel' since forever and this is one of the nicknames that I don't prefer. But, of course, there are some that I hate even more. There are many meanings of this nickname but I wouldn't list them here. It isn't so interesting at all. Of course, every mother thinks, her daughter is an angel, so it isn't a surprise, my mother called me like that many times. Sometimes she calls me so nowadays too. And my face, with my smooth skin, snub nose and huge brown eyes looks like the face of a little girl, so this nickname stayed. But because of my black hair and because most of the time I wear dark clothes it would be hard to compare me with those little, chubby, blonde and blue eyed putti in white dresses. So I became DARK angel. One of its meanings is much deeper, and because of that, I sometimes ashamed of this name. This is because of the way I sometimes look at girls, for example at this blondie when she returned from the closet.

I had to admit, she was really a beauty. Her short skirt and tight shirt highlighted her slim figure. She looked like if she was one of the topmodels. Except that – though I wouldn't compare myself to a topmodel because of many reasons – she was my complete opposite. Her white skin was tense and shiny as she laughed and her bright blue eyes sparkled as she let her shoulder-length wavy golden hair back. She was in a very good mood. I had no idea why.

"So, what shall we do?" she asked and the question occurred in Erik's bright blue eyes too as he stared at me. But he was waiting for me to say it.

"Well..." This was one of those rare times, when I was uncertain. Of course I didn't tell her about it and wouldn't even like her to know. It was planned to be a typical Friday night. I wouldn't like to go to a party, so we planned to meet at my place to drink some beer with Erik, chat about guys and chicks, acquaintances at our university and watch some porno movie just for fun. However, something else could also happen even if it wasn't planned in the end too. Though we have never pushed anything, our relationship was the kind that didn't refuse any joy if it would come in our way. Let's say, carpe diem! But now, what shall I do with this girl? If we start to discuss our average dirty stories, she would run away from the world and tell everybody, how crazy and perverted we were... But honestly the latter didn't really matter for me. Still some people had their bad thoughts about me. Some more dirty things wouldn't make anything worse... Damn it! It's hard to admit, but Erik's plan was very smart. The girl's visitation was unexpected and I wasn't sure if we would meet in a more ordinary situation I would do the same thing, but now I wouldn't like her to go away.

"Well..." I started again. "I have some beer in the fridge."

I didn't even know how to go on but this was enough for her.

"Perfect" she said with sparkling eyes and she immediately moved in the way of the kitchen, but then looked back at me, I'm the host anyway.

"Let's go!" I nodded in the direction of the kitchen that she had already discovered in her way to the closet before. "And bring a bottle opener from the cabinet too, please!"

She didn't take umbrage at my request. She ran to the kitchen as naturally as if she was at home. Erik, as if he could read in my thoughts, immediately said "You'd be glad if she felt comfortable here, wouldn't you?"

"Shut up!" I snorted and plopped on to the sofa. I took one beer and didn't even wait for the blondie to bring the opener I hit the cap of the bottle gently to the edge of the table to open it.

"Like a pro," Erik joked.

"You know me," I started to drink. "And you know my dad too. If your little girlfriend would spend some time with him, she would learn it perfectly too."

"What would I learn?" she stepped in the living room with the same wide grin on her face, didn't even bother herself because of the little sarcastic sentence of mine.

"Nothing important," I excused myself.

Erik took the opener and removed the cap of his bottle and repeated it with the blondie's who sat on to the arm of the sofa, then both of them lifted their bottles to my direction.

"Cheers, little girl!" he said.

"Why do you call her so?" the blondie lifted her head. "Also, I wanted to ask, how did you get to know each other? I didn't know you have such a strong friendship until now. We also have classes of the same period."

"Just in the same faculty," I shook my head after a huge gulp of beer. "I'd never study in the same period with this damn ass."

Erik just laughed and didn't even bother himself because of my comment.

"However the answers for the questions are the same," I continued. "We've been knowing each other practically since we had known anybody except our families. This lunkhead was four and I was three at that time. He always said to his mother 'she is such a beautiful little girl' when he noticed me."

"As I remember, it was a bit different," Erik added hurtedly.

"Don't try to trick me!" I moaned making my female host giggle. "Are you saying that you remember what happened when you were four?"

"Why? Don't you remember?" He said it so seriously, I thought, I'd explode because of the laughter I was trying to hide.

"I only remember that I was constantly asking my parents about the date of my birthday."

"I'm sure, you had been curious about your gifts," the blondie added.

"It could had been the reason. Anyway, I've got detailed memories from years later only. I don't think, this fool could remember more either."

"Could somebody forget you?" Erik giggled.

"Why? Do you remember something?" the girl turned to his direction.

"As I remember, I only asked that, who that little girl was."

"Of course," I laughed. "The little, innocent Erik. You were such a playboy at that time too."

"You said that, you didn't remember those years."

"Positive. But your granny likes gossiping."

"Don't believe to her!" Erik giggled.

"Exceptionally in this case I'm sure she is right. I'm sure as I know you now, your only wish was to push your little hand to my panties to..."

I didn't finish the sentence. I knew exactly, what would be the end of such a conversation and I wouldn't like this cute girl to hear such things. I just took a few sip of my beer to hide my nervousness. And she, as if she would like to mirror me, lifted her bottle to her mouth and began drinking. I was surprised how easily she could drink that much beer at once.

"Whatever," I found my voice "The important thing is just that, he called be continuously just 'little girl' when became brave enough to come to me. And it's the same since that time too."

"Lovely story," she smiled at me. Was it only my wish or something naughty did sparkle in her eyes?

"Positive," Erik laughed. "So, let's drink for the beautiful memories!"

So he lifted his bottle and his girlfriend who sat just some feet away from him clinked her glass to his cheerfully.

"Fuck you, Haynau!" I added.

"Excuse me?" the blondie stared at me with a confused look.

"Nothing important," I shook my head. "Just an occupational hazard. My dad is a kind of alcoholic and those damn asses on the university encouraged me too. Don't even listen to me!"

"No. It's interesting," she turned to me and placed her elbows onto her knees.

"Okay," I grimaced. "You sure heard that fact, Hungarian people never clink their beers together."

"Yep. Because of the legend, through that, the Austrians with the lead of General Haynau executed the thirteen Hungarian generals in the city of Arad, clinked with beer in the end of the revolution in 1848-49," she nodded.

"Positive," I nodded "But those fools figured out some trick to ignore it. So... just lift your bottle!" I touched her wrist to help her. Her skin was surprisingly smooth and silky. I could hardly concentrate to clink the neck of the bottles in one side then in the other. Then I knocked them gently to the table. "... and then you say 'Fuck you, Haynau!'" I just noticed until I did the movements I kept continuously explaining them too.

Most of the people would loose their excitement in half way, but she continuously looked at me with excitement in her eyes.

"I like it," she giggled then grabbed her bottle. "So, let's drink for it!... And... Fuck you, Haynau?"

It was my turn to laugh and I lifted my bottle to her direction, then I drank the rest of my beer.

"Mmm!" I shook my head. I wanted to speak to fast, but I forget to swallow. "And you two?" I asked. "How did you get to know each other?"

"Well... We have a common lecture." It was delighting to see Erik blushing. He might not know how much he could tell about this in front of the girl. Of course she took part of it but she might be ashamed if we would talk about every detail of the story in her prescence. I was sure Erik would easily tell about the whole story if it was just the two of us.

"You've got strange ideas about common lectures," the blondie giggled so cheerfully, I wouldn't be surprised if the last gulp of beer came out through her nose. "This... How did you say? Damn ass?... So, he begged me until he could get me to grab his hand during the lecture and push it into my panties."

"There, during the lecture?" I was shocked. "And you didn't get in trouble? Nobody noticed it?"

"The other students of course noticed."

"And they liked it," Erik's eyes sparkled. "But Lame of course wouldn't notice it even if we had sex on his table. He was just constantly staring at his papers."

"You fingered her at the lecture of Lame? Now I understand."

We called one of the old professors so, because of the unequivocal reasons. But his most specific quality was that he kept sitting behind his desk towering over his little papers and he read it for us in a monotone way during his lectures. This was his lecture. Most of the students fall asleep in ten minutes or... they did as Erik and the blondie did. Lame was so old, that it was imaginable that he wouldn't notice if one of his students wasn't in ecstasy because of his lecture, but because of someone other's hand in her panties, even if they were sitting in front of his table.

But my thoughts weren't around the old professor then. They were around the blondie there in the lecture, with Erik's hand in her panties, as she was trying to stay quiet during the ecstasy. I felt something happening in my panties as I imagined this.

"Yep," Erik giggled. "Maybe we will repeat it next time too."

So he grabbed the girl still sitting on the arm of the sofa by her waist and pulled her to himself. The blondie giggled and, pushed his hands away as I did so before when this big baby grabbed my breasts and landed in my lap.

As her naked legs touched mine through my jeans, it was like electricity went through my body. It was even worse when she pushed her upper body to mine. As she continuously giggled, her breast stretched against mine again and again. Now I sure felt the heat inside me and my pussy began throbbing. And... I might only imagined that but it was like her panties that touched my jeans-covered thights under her skirt were wet. Did Erik's story arouse her? Or the memory the fingering? However she was continuously looking at me. Whatever... I didn't care about the answer. My hands moved instinctively. I tried to catch her and to hold her as she landed in my lap, didn't letting her to fell off from the sofa. But as my arms hugged her slim body, nothing could get me to let her go.

I felt the heat of her body on my skin. Her always delightful eyes were locked to mine. I didn't think about how we got into this situation. I just wanted her. So my hands found their own ways to got under her shirt. I looked into her eyes continuously as my palms caressed her naked belly. I stared into those sparkling blue eyes and into that angelic face on which the grin became wider and wider as my hands wandered upper and upper on her flat belly. And as they arrived to her breasts I grabbed them finally. If I hadn't been in ecstasy because of the need for then, I was sure my brain would had exploded. I could rarely notice Erik just a few feet away from us as he watched us boldly, while unbuttoning his jeans to pull out his cock.

In other situation I would jokingly punish him because how he enjoyed the scene of two girls caressing each other in front of him. But he was my last problem then. Somewhere it made me even hornier to know, he sits there grabbing his cock staring at us. But my last thoughts of him immediately vanished when that blonde goddess in my lap leaned towards me and kissed my lips to reward my caresses on her breasts.

It was a supernatural joy. An indescribable joy. If I'd say that, it was like petals caressing my lips it wouldn't be true, but it wouldn't be far away from reality.

One of my so called friends told that, he knows somebody, who is in love with another girl around in every second day. He is always in the pink cloud of love, the only thing that changes is the target. I understood then the truth behind it as the joy filled my body just because of this simple kiss. In my memories there was the pale picture of the scene in Lame's lecture and I knew it might happen in next week again, but I didn't care. Then, in that second, she was there for me, and even if I knew, it would end very soon, I didn't care. I wanted to enjoy it.

I kissed her back passionately and grabbed one of her breasts. My other hand ran through her back then went under her skirt and between my own thigh and her ass to grab her skin that wasn't hidden by her thong. She grinned in the hug of the kiss and locked her arms around my neck to pull me closer.

I didn't see but somehow I felt how Erik was grabbing his cock again and again at the view of us. While passionately kissing her I was busy peeling the few clothes off of her. I wanted to see those breasts which I had been caressing, and when I got to see those peach-formed hills, I couldn't resist pushing my face between them. My blonde partner let her head back and moaned quietly as my lips that were on hers just a minute ago started to tease her nipples. Her moans filled my ears and I grabbed her ass with both hands as my face vanished between her smooth breasts.

I clearly felt that her panties, which were tightened to my jeans were totally wet by that time. That aroused me that much I couldn't resist anymore. I laid her down on the sofa and leaned over her to kiss her lips. I started to slowly move down on her body after the fast but seemingly everlasting kiss. I hinted her naked upper body with soft kisses. I sucked her nipples in for a bit, then I placed my kisses on her stomach to pull her skirt down with her completely wet thong and push my face between her thighs finally. When my tongue touched her pussy, my ears were filled with her loud moans. I didn't care about anything else, just pushed my tongue deeply into her and began to lick her frequently as if it would be the goal of my life. I licked her, until her body tensed and, despite of her strongly closed mouth, she cried loudly because of the eternal joy. I was satisfied from the bliss I caused to her as I looked at her from between her thighs and in response she caressed my cheek gently to show her gratitude.
