 I was a single guy in my mid 30s, and had recently broken up with my girlfriend of the last four years. My libido had always been high, but now it was getting out of hand (pun intended!). I was running around more and more with my pants sticking out in front as if I had a kid's ball bat in there.

My heart wasn't yet into finding a new girl because I was still kind of raw from the breakup with Janet. That didn't keep me from needing sex, though. That night I had just dined at a Mexican restaurant near city-center, and was driving home, wishing for some kind of interesting diversion.

On the way, I noticed an adult arcade that I'd seen several times but never visited. I knew from the guys at the office that the place offered sexy books and videos. Steve had told me that you could even watch a selection of hard-core videos in the privacy of your own booth. Tonight, that sounded better than just going home and wanking off, and I was in no mood for a bar.

So I thought to myself, "What the Hell?" and turned in. Feeling nervous, but already getting horny at the thought of watching some beauties suck and fuck, I had to rearrange old "George" in my pants to minimize my own "show" before I went in.

I walked in bravely, as if I knew what I was doing. I browsed around the books and videos for a while, the explicit pictures and words making me harder all the time. My right hand slipped into my pocket so I could press and squeeze my seven inch, circumcised pride and joy without being to obvious about it.

I noticed that most people there were guys, but there were a couple of attractive women, too. That surprised and excited me, even though they were with their guys. It was just sexy to think that some women enjoyed this, too.

Sooner or later, everyone seemed to gravitate to the arcade. I watched a few get tokens at the counter before they went in. "Time for action," I thought to myself, so I went over and got ten bucks' worth, wondering if that would be enough. I figured it would, since I was already so damned horny.

I sauntered over to the arcade trying to look as casual as I could. Yeah, right! Like no one was going to know I was about to go into a booth and masturbate my hot meat to a roaring climax, or maybe two.

I entered through a hallway where the features were advertised with colorful video cartons displayed in a glass case built into the wall. The pictures of women were all great, and the men all well hung. Although I'm not gay, like most guys I admire handsome cocks when I see 'em. A sign explained that the number on each carton was the channel on which that video appeared.

As I scoped out the triple-X action on the cartons, George was starting to ooze right through my shorts onto my pants. I knew I had to get some relief or my pants would have big spots all over the front. So, I walked on into the arcade's long, very dim hallway, which was lined with a series of doors. Some were ajar, and I chose one of those and entered the little booth.

There was a very low-wattage bulb and a switch if you wanted to turn it off. I checked where to drop the coins and where the seat was, latched the door, and fed a handful of tokens into the machine. The video snow changed immediately to a clear picture of a couple fucking. My face got all hot and flushed as watched for a minute before turning off the light and sitting down. Then I flicked through the channels until I found a video I liked better.

It showed a very pretty, dark-haired girl spread on the edge of a hot tub moaning as her guy was licking her clit, rubbing her belly, and squeezing her butt. "Ah, yess," I sighed as I dropped my pants and pulled my big woody out through the opening in my shorts. I let my full balls hang over the bottom of the fly of my shorts. I liked that because it put pressure on the bottom of my balls, which always intensified the pleasure of masturbation. I started stroking him up and down as I stared at the action onscreen.

The woman in the video was still moaning and sighing, but soon I noticed that there seemed to be more than one set of feminine moans and sighs. At first I was too busy pleasuring my slippery cock to pay much attention, but after a few minutes it got through to me that the sound seemed to be coming from next door, and I looked around the booth.

For the first time, I saw an opening in the side wall, about six inches square. "Ahhh!" I thought. Bending a little, I looked through the hole into the adjoining booth. The light from the screen there let me see the bare round bottom of a woman moving back and forth a little. George jerked up even higher at the sight of a fine naked female ass right there in front of my eyes ... his way of saying, "Yummmmm, gimme some of that!"

As I looked more closely, I saw she was giving head to the proud cock of a guy seated in front of her. My hand squeezed my meat harder as I watched, and pumped back and forth along the length of him a few times. Watching this action, I was getting hotter than I could remember ever being.

I let out a husky groan, which my fellating neighbor must have heard through the opening. She glanced my way, then moved her bottom to the opening I was gazing through and shook her cute little butt at me. I took that to mean she wanted some attention, so I reached through and palmed her fine ass, causing her to sung up against my hand in pleasure and breathe a soft, "Oh, yessss, baby!" ... but it was loud enough for me to hear.

Encouraged, I moved my hand all over her round ass and up and down the crevice between those globes, then down to her pussy. My middle finger extended under her looking for her slit, found it, and slid back and forth along her lips. She was sopping wet, and spread herself for me by squatting down a bit and pushing back even more. That let me slip my finger into her fairly deep, then I added a second finger, eliciting an "UmmmmmmMMM!" from her stuffed mouth. Her pussy was very snug, even with all her squishy juice, and there was lots.

At that instant, I would have given the world to get George inside this hot and sexy girl's inviting box. As if she could read my emotions, she pressed her butt firmly back against the wall, my fingers still inside her. She bent down further over the cock she was sucking. I quickly got the idea -- Hell, I'm no dummy! -- and stood up, pointed my raging erection through the opening and rubbed it around on her bottom.

We were both hot for each other, and we adjusted our stances so that my helmeted glans - which felt like it was about to burst - soon found her slit and slipped inside her two or three inches. God, but she felt like liquid fire in there, and I was mad to plunge myself into her all the way.

But the thickness of the wall George was sticking through limited how deep I could get inside her. I raised up on my toes and pressed myself tight against the wall to gain as much of her pussy as I could, straining loins forward to the max. I got maybe four inches into her.

She then started contracting the insides of her pussy around me. She was very good at it, because those soft, hot folds inside her massaged my meat better than any hand ever could. She was about to suck the cum right out of me with her convulsive squeezing.

Then, suddenly, she pulled away from my cock, leaving George jerking in thin air. "Nooooo," I moaned. "Please, noooo, baby."

But almost immediately, I felt heat and wetness again on my shaft again, this time deeper, and with the distinctive roughness of a tongue on the Oh-so-damned-sensitive underside of my glans.

"God have mercy," I thought. "She's going down on me, now." With her mouth, she could suck me more deeply than with her pussy in this awkward through-the-wall arrangement. I felt like I had smoked about a quarter-pound of hash and had gone to paradise like one of the characters from the Arabian Nights. From her back-and-forth movements and little grunts, I was sure she was being fucked from behind by her partner. That thought made it even hotter.

Pressed up against that wall, moaning, lost in pleasure, my prick inside her soft, sweet, fiery mouth, I soon lost it, squirting four or five long streams of hot cream into her waiting throat. She obviously wanted it, loved it, even. She didn't hesitate, but took it all and sucked even harder until I was drained and ready to collapse. Only then did she let me go, making a kissy-slurpy sound as George slipped from her still-sucking mouth.

I bent and could only whisper a husky, "God, thank you, girl ... that was the best time I ever had," through the opening. Her hand brushed my cheek as if to say, "You're welcome," and I took that soft hand and kissed it with as much passion as I could muster in my weak state.

Then, she disappeared from my view as the three of us made ourselves presentable to the real world again. I just sat there for a few minutes, getting my breath, letting my overstrained leg and stomach muscles recover. Then I opened the door and went out. I noticed they hadn't left their booth yet, so I hung around the hallway where they would have to pass, hoping to catch a glance of her in the light.

Then I saw them, and my heart did a quick jump. She was a real beauty, dark haired, short, big eyes, a cute nose, and a very nice mouth (I should have known that, right?).

Her body was obviously as good above as I knew it was below. I didn't even notice him, my eyes were so full of her. As she passed, she looked at me and smiled. I wondered if she knew that I was the guy she had just blown so wonderfully. A small smile passed between us, hinting that she did, and then they left.

Not wanting them to think I was following them, I wanted a few minutes, then started to leave. As I passed the counter, the clerk said, "Hey, man, the little dark-haired lady who just left asked me to give you this on your way out."

It was a card, with a phone number written on it. I could only guess what that number might lead to. Would I call it?