 My hands were trembling as I sipped on my chocolate martini. I was fidgeting with the rim of the glass, running my finger around the lip of the martini glass. I kept glancing down at my watch, anxiously waiting for him to arrive. The surprise I had for him was becoming more than I could handle, as I was itching to have my fun. I shifted on the barstool, trying to adjust my black, short skirt, knowing that the slit up the side revealed my black-laced garter strap, which the man a few stools away kept noticing. I gave him a flirtatious smile and sipped at my drink.

As I continued to wait, I played with my necklace, letting it fall into my cleavage, enjoying the coolness of the thick, red round beads against my hot flesh. I wanted to ask for ice from the bartender, just to run the cubes around my neck and down my chest. I'm sure the man who kept watching me would love to watch that. My foot started to sway back and forth under the bar table in rhythm to the bad jukebox music. I could feel the heel of my red shoe slightly slipping. I grinned at my reflection in the mirror across from me, behind the bar. Calm down, girl, I murmured to myself. He'll be here soon.

And then I felt his warm hand on my naked shoulder. His hand slid down my bare arm, lingering on my wrist as he slid into the barstool next to me. I immediately felt the familiar tingling sensation he always gave me, and my heart began to race. I knew that I wouldn't be able to fight my urges for long. I was feeling hotter by the moment, almost as if I were in fucking heat.

He leaned forward and kissed me on my lips, a gentle teasing kiss that made me want so much more. He ordered a beer, and his finger began to play with the outline of the slit of my skirt, grazing my thigh. Did he feel my goose bumps? Could he possibly know that just looking at him caused a pulsing throb between my legs? He started to say something, but I couldn't hear him over the jukebox playing in the other corner. I tilted towards him a bit, knowing that he would be able to look down my black blouse, seeing the lace of my red bra. I saw his eyes look down and I smiled. 

I took another sip of my drink and sat the glass down on the bar, telling myself I simply couldn't wait any longer to touch and taste him. I slid down my stool and leaned into him, between his legs, while he continued to sit on his stool. He placed his hands on my waist and I began to tease his left ear with my tongue. He told me that we were being watched, but we both liked it. I slid my hand up the inside of his leg, letting my hand stop at his already growing cock. I whispered to him that I had a room at the hotel across the street and I couldn't wait any longer to fuck him. He grinned, tossed some cash onto the bar, and stood to walk away with me before the bartender could give him his change.

I held his hand tightly as we walked out of the bar onto the busy street. We began to walk down towards the crosswalk that led to the hotel, but he surprised me by suddenly pulling me into a small alley next to the bar we just left.

"I can't wait," he murmured into my ear as his hand began to pull up my skirt from behind. He kissed me with such force that I thought I would melt away right there. My tits were pressed so tightly against his chest as we were kissing that I knew he could feel my heart racing. He began to kiss up and down my neck, around my ear, and moaned for me to turn around, to face the brick wall. Before I could respond, he tossed me around, pushing me with force against the cold wall. With one hand pulling up my skirt, his other hand reached around and slid down my blouse, pulling one of my tits out of my bra. I was heavily breathing with excitement and caught a glimpse of passerby's looking down the alley at us. That excited me more. I always liked it when strangers watched.

"Fuck me now," I moaned. He was already pulling my moistened panties to the side and sliding his hard cock into me. I lifted my leg up a little so that he could push further into me. He pushed me harder into the wall, fucking me with such force that I knew I would come to the pleasures in only a matter of moments. 

His hot breath was on my neck, and his hand that was once firmly massaging my breast was now pinning my wrists above my head. "I want to feel you come in me," I moaned and as if on command, he did. I felt his heat flow up me, just as he felt my burst of juice wash over him. He pulled out of me and turned me back around to face him, breathing very heavily, and smiled that wickedly lovely smile that I adored. He kissed me some more as he fixed himself and pulled my skirt down for me. 

"I've missed you," he whispered as we began to leave the alley. I told him we had a night full of fun in store for us.

As we walked into the dimly lit hotel lobby, I took his hand and led him towards the elevators. As we waited for the elevator, I felt the throbbing beginning again and I knew I needed more. He was standing behind me as we waited, with his arm around my waist, his fingers gently caressing under my breast, and kissing on my neck. I almost sank into those arms, feeling a safeness I hadn't felt in such a long time, but the ding of the elevator door opening released his embrace.

We stepped into the small box and I pushed the button for the top floor. As the door closed I turned towards him, and he took my face into his hands to press his lips against mine once again. I could still taste the beer on his lips. I wanted more of him.

It was my turn to shove him against the wall. He was passionately kissing me, tasting my own tongue, as I began to unbuckle his belt. He started to take my hands, as if to stop me, but I shrugged him off, looking up into his eyes as I slid down to my knees, while unzipping his pants. I had to taste him.

I pulled his growing cock out and immediately started to lick it, the tip at first, tasting both our juices from earlier. I began to lick the sides, wrapping my fingers around the base, moving my hand in the up and downward motion that my mouth began to do as I took him into my wet mouth. 

The elevator came to a stop and the doors opened. I knew we weren't on our floor when I heard a lady gasp. She didn't make me miss a beat. The door closed and I felt the elevator begin to rise again. I reached over and hit the emergency stop button so that I could finish him.

I heard him slightly moan as my tongue played around his dick while it was in my mouth. I tightened my grip with my fingers and warm lips. His hands were on my head, moving me back and forth, as if he had control of me. I could feel myself getting wetter between my thighs by the moment. But I wanted to taste his cum before he tasted mine.

He didn't make me wait. I kept my mouth moving up and down his dick, getting quicker, taking more in, until I felt the explosion in my mouth. As his cum slid down my throat, he moaned beautifully and released the grip he had on my head, his fingers slightly tangled in my hair. I didn't care. I had just tasted the beginning of the night I had been craving. And there was still so much more to come.

I made sure that I cleaned him with my mouth before I began to tuck him away. As I stood, I felt the slightest trickle run down my leg. I was soaking wet again already. I needed him in me. 

The elevator opened to my floor and we quickly moved down the hallway towards the room I had reserved. Excitement filled me as I opened the door to reveal to him our surprise. I had the pretty blonde loosely tied with red satin strips to the bed, directly in front of us, waiting for our arrival. She was wearing the black negligee that I picked out for her, and when we entered, she smiled as she opened her legs, showing me that she was already ready for us. I put my finger to my lips, letting her know that I didn't want her to speak. No words were needed. He knew what I wanted and he knew what I wanted to share.....

"Happy Birthday, lover," I told him as I closed the door behind us. He was grinning from ear to ear. "And there's more. Feel free to turn on the camera in the corner anytime you're ready." I gestured as I began to make my way towards the bed. He grabbed me again, kissing me with that same passion from before.

"Have I told you how much I love you?" he moaned as his lips pressed against mine.

"You have all night to show me." 

I pointed to the chair next to the camera and told him to sit there and relax as he watched me. I unzipped my skirt and slid it to the floor. Without taking off my red heels or any other clothing, I climbed onto the bed. I began to seductively crawl on my hands and knees up towards my friend. She was smiling at me and asked what took so long. I smiled back, and told her I had an appetizer on the way over. I straddled her lap and leaned forward to kiss her red painted lips. She welcomed me with her tongue. Her kiss was like velvet. I untied the ribbons and she brought her hands to my face, cupping my face as she tasted his cum on me. 

"Yum, I like the taste of the appetizer you had," she said while looking around me so she could see him. I heard him sigh with pleasure. I also heard him turning on the video camera.

As she kissed me, she leaned up and began to raise my arms up in the air so she could take off my blouse. I was then sitting on her lap wearing only my red bra, red-laced panties and black garter and stockings, as well as my red heels. She started to lick my neck down to my breasts, and reached around and unclasped my bra. Sliding off my bra, her mouth found my big tits and began to suck on them, while caressing them with her fingers. I leaned my head back and enjoyed the moment. My tits have always been sensitive and I loved to have them caressed and sucked, which she knew all too well.

We both began to rearrange ourselves so that we were pressed against each other, face to face, while standing on our knees. Our hands were traveling up and down the curves of each other's body, caressing each other's breasts, and never stopping kissing each other. She tasted like raspberries.

I started to ache for more again, and began to push her down. I slid my tongue across her arched breasts down to her stomach and then down to her legs. She was lying on her back and I began to lie down on my stomach between her legs, letting my hands slide up and down her legs, tinkling her with my nails, which I knew she loved. She was playing with my hair as he did earlier in the elevator. I flicked my tongue between her legs, and found the warm wet spot. I wanted to tease her with soft kisses and gentle licks, but she tasted so good that I found my mouth pressed entirely against her pussy. She moaned loudly and tightened her thighs against my body. I brushed my tongue all over her, licking up all the juice she was offering me. I moved my hands up to her tits, and brought my hands back down to slide underneath her ass. I pulled her hips up into my face.

I heard his heavy breathing behind me, still next to the camera. I wanted to read his thoughts. But I was sure he liked what he saw so far.

"My turn, girlfriend," she sighed, pulling herself away from me. I wanted to pout that I wasn't done, but I did yearn for her tongue to be all over me. And like I told him earlier, we did have all night.

She kissed me like she did before, cupping her hands around my face, this time tasting herself all over my lips. She giggled, telling me she always loved to taste herself on me. I glanced over at him, wondering if he caught that comment. He did, and his eyebrow arched in curiosity. But he nodded, smiling with approval, letting me know that it was ok that I had kept myself busy while he was away. I also noticed that he was already undressed, playing with himself as he watched us. That turned me on tremendously. I wanted him more than anything or anyone else in the world. I was in love with him.

She was pulling me to the edge of the bed until my legs dangled over the edge. She stood up in front of me and dropped her negligee to the floor. She was beautiful and she knew it. She leaned down to kiss me again, whispering that she was having fun. I only moaned and nodded in agreement. She began to do a playful little shimmy down to her knees, and I leaned back and rested on my elbows. She spread my legs and started to tease me with her tongue, playfully licking me up and down my inner thighs. I watched her watching me as she inched closer and closer to my pussy. My legs were trembling with anticipation. "No more teasing, fuck me with your tongue!" I wanted to scream out, but I let her have her fun.

She found me very wet and ready, and she finally dove in, sucking and licking me fiercely. I fell back in pleasure and arched my hips as I felt her fingers slide into me. I closed my eyes and let the rush take over me. She playfully nibbled at my clit and I was pinching on my own nipples. It was then when I knew I couldn't wait any longer. I had to have him join us. I arched my head back and smiled over at him, and beckoned him with my finger. I scooted back up onto the bed and told her to dare not stop licking me, and that I wanted to watch him fuck her. She moaned with approval and climbed into the bed with me, hiking her ass up for him to have, while thrusting her face between my thighs.

He was completely hard, and stroking himself when he walked over. He leaned down and began to lick her ass, spitting on it to make sure she was wet enough for him, which she was. He placed his big hands on her ass and drove his cock into her, all the while watching me, watching him. I smiled and licked my lips.

"Fuck her hard," I moaned as her tongue was plunging in and out of my cunt. She was losing her concentration as he slammed in and out of her, while slapping her ass a little. Her cries of pleasure pleased me. I took the opportunity to slide out from under her and climbed up to my knees to face him. I leaned over her and found his lips, kissing him hard. One of his hands found my neck and he firmly grasped me, kissing me back has he continued to fuck my friend. Her cries of delight were becoming louder and I told him to fuck her harder, that she was going to cum all over his dick. He did as I ordered and I reached under her to pinch on her nipples. Moments later she was writhing under him as she came all over his cock.

He grinned as he pulled himself out of my friend and I leaned down to taste her cum on him. She climbed up next to me, onto her knees and we both grabbed his wrists and told him to lie down. He did so with no hesitation. With each of us on either side of him, we began to take turns licking his cock, stroking it, and sucking on his balls. His hands played with both of our asses as we played with his dick with our warm tongues. Often my tongue would meet hers while we were sucking him off, and our hands would start to caress him as we took a moment to kiss each other, leaning up over him so that he could watch. 

It felt so right to me to have both of my lovers in bed with me. I had often wanted to share them, and when I learned that he was going to be in town, for his birthday nonetheless, I knew my golden opportunity had finally arrived. I called my girlfriend and she eagerly agreed, especially when I mentioned that I wanted it all on film, which I knew he would absolutely love to have.

"Sit on my face while your girlfriend sucks me," he heavily breathed. I happily did as commanded and then realized that he didn't even know her name. Names weren't needed. I climbed over and straddled his face and felt his tongue begin to slide around my clit. My hands immediately went up to my breasts and began to play with my nipples. My hips begin to sway back and forth with the rhythm of his very talented tongue. He then brought my hands down so that he could pinch at my nipples and I asked him to do so harder. 

My girlfriend sat up and took it upon herself to sit on his cock, facing me, and began to rock back and forth on him. I leaned forward and met her for another kiss. I cupped her face in my hands and whispered a thank you into her ear. She shook her hand and sighed that the pleasure was all hers. She then began to bounce up and down, and I watched her tits bouncing along with her. I wanted him to watch, too, so I climbed off of him and told him to once again fuck her. I crawled over next to her and grasped one of her tits with my hand and began to suck on her hard little nipple. He moaned that he liked watching that. I then leaned over him and began to suck on his nipples, pinching them the way I knew he liked. He moaned with pleasure and began to thrust himself harder into my friend. It was then that I wanted to feel that cock in me again.

I leaned back up and told my friend that I wanted a ride. She smiled and climbed off of him and I slid into her spot. His hard cock glided into me with ease and I began to slowly ride that cock up and down. He grabbed my waist and quickly tossed me over to his side and was on top of me without missing a beat. I squealed in delight. I loved it when he took control.

He grabbed one of my ankles and brought my leg up to his shoulder so that he could push himself even further into my warm, wet pussy. I watched him running his hand up and down my leg as he fucked me. He was grinning at me and then mouthed that he loved me. I mouthed it back.

As he fucked me, my girlfriend crawled over next to me, leaning over so that she could go back and forth from sucking on my nipples and playing with my clit. I was practically screaming with pleasure, moaning and cussing at both of them. She leaned up and grasped my neck, partly choking me, as her fingers still flickered over my pussy as his perfect cock fucked me harder and faster.

"Fuck your whore, fuck your whore," my girlfriend yelled at him and he grabbed my other leg and hiked the free ankle up over his other shoulder. He pulled me up into him and I felt him diving deeper and deeper. With her fingers flicking my cunt and his cock fucking me with such force, I felt myself about to give in. 

"I'm about to cum..." I yelled and felt my entire body tense as the warm sensation flowed over me. She choked me a little harder and pressed her lips to mine. I couldn't breathe and my muscles felt out of control. I loved it. 

When he felt my juices flowing over his cock and my body began to relax again, he pulled himself out of me and brought my legs down to the bed. He ascended over me and passionately kissed me once again. 

"It's my turn to fuck our girlfriend, and she gets to suck you off as I do it," my girlfriend purred as she showed us the strap-on she had put on while he was kissing me. I smiled my devilish smile at her and winked. She grabbed my legs and pulled me down towards her at the end of the bed. I flipped over and propped my ass up into the air and told him to lie down and give me his cock. Eagerly, he did so as he pulled some pillows up under his head so that he could watch me getting fucked by someone else.

As my girlfriend started to lick my pussy to get me ready for another fucking, I took his cock and began to lick on it again, just as I had when we were in the elevator earlier. He was still so hard and I could taste myself all over him. I kept wrapping my entire mouth up and down his cock, letting my tongue lick all around as I did so. I then felt my girlfriend's strap-on slide into me and I exhaled with excitement. I grinded back down onto the dildo and felt her hands massaging my ass. I looked up at him and he was grinning as he watched, telling her to fuck me as hard as he did. His cock was thrusting up into my mouth and his hands wrapped around my head, guiding me with his motions. He was moaning in ecstasy, and my own moaning was muffled by him thrusting his cock deeper and deeper into my mouth. My hands began massage his balls and I felt myself tensing up again from the pleasure of the vibrating dildo. I broke free for a moment to shout out that I was going to cum soon again and I wanted him to cum with me, to shoot his cum all over my face. My girlfriend was slapping my ass harder and pushing her strap-on all the way into me.
