 Bev and Ben had always toyed with the idea of bringing another man into their bed and now, after building their courage, it was time to make it happen. Bev had met someone online years ago who had expressed an interest in her, more than an interest in fact, he was mad keen to get into her pants, with or without her boyfriends presence. The two young lovers were on holidays in Sydney, and Bev had decided that while here she wanted Matt to be the second man.

Matt had been easily convinced, he wanted Bev bad and she knew it, and Bev had gone alone to meet him for the first time, and now together the three of them headed back to their hotel room.

Drinks had already been consumed, but with a few more Bev found herself being groped by Matt. The advance was accepted with great enthusiasm and Ben watched on as their lips locked in a passionate embrace. It was the first time Ben had seen Bev kiss another man and he was a little jealous, but this soon gave way to excitement as he saw Bev's hand slide over his leg and ease into his pants. Ben had dreamt of seeing Bev succumb to another man's sexual advances.

Ben moaned as he felt her start to stroke his hardening organ, and touched her, rubbing her thighs and kissing her shoulder.

Matt was getting horney, and with speed and skill Matt had removed Bev's shirt, and this man was now rapidly working on her bra. Her breasts were freed in no time, and she gasped nervously as she felt Matts' lips attack her nipples with a feverous desperation.

As this was happening Ben removed his shirt and rubbed Bev's back, sitting back a little to allow the two room to get into each other.

'God,' was all Bev could managed as Matt sucked hard on her nipples, taking each one of them in his mouth in turn, licking the nipples with his tongue and sucking on them like a baby.

Ben kissed Bev's neck. She smiled back at him, moving her lips to his and kissing her approval to what was happening.

It was then that Matt took her away from Ben, taking her hands and pulling her off the lounge, leading her over to the bed where Bev wrapped her arms around him and they kissed as he worked on her pants, undoing them and allowing them to drop to her feet. 

Bev's hands moved shyly over Matt's back and sides as he did this, touching his skin and arousing the man further. Ben stood back and watched the girl he loved as her panties dropped to the ground, and she stepped out of them, exposing herself to Matt for the first time fully. 

There was a bulge pushing against her, and Bev's hands hesitantly moved to his pants, but she didn't need to, Matt got the idea, and removed the remainder of his clothing. She looked down at it in lust, its tip covered in fluid already, and its full-length stiff and stretched to the limit.

Ben touched himself as he watched his girlfriend lay down on the bed for Matt, her legs spread and her heart pounding. She looked over at Ben, her face a lucid mixture of excitement and nervousness. 

Within moments Matt was between Bev's legs, and she stretched out her arms acceptingly to him as he mounted her, spreading her legs a little wider to accommodate for his size. A hand moved between her legs and started stroking, causing fluids to flow even more than they already were, making a wet mess between her legs that would easily allow his penis to enter without hindrance.

Ben took off his cloths and sat beside his girl, taking her hand and kissing her sweetly. She looked up at him, then took his penis in her hands and bought it to her mouth, licking the tip a little before starting to suck on her man as Matt worked his hand between her legs and his lips on her tits and neck. 

Ben moaned and stroked her hair. 

Matt was getting impatient, and with cock in hand he rubbed the tip up and down Bev's wet slit and she flinched. She let go of Ben's cock and looked at Matt, hooking one leg around him, ready to accept him.

Ben reached over to the bedside table and retrieved a condom and handed it to the girl he loved. Buy this time she was beyond the point of no return and shook her head, putting the contraceptive device aside and taking her boyfriends hand as she started kissing Matt again.

Ben's heart was pounding and he didn't quite know what to think as Matts hips moved forward and for the first time Bev was penetrated by another man. The look on her face was more than enough to make Ben forget about the lack of condom as she was always the sexiest when her face showed that mix of nerves and sexual pleasure.

There was a groan of pain from the girl as Matt pressed hard, and his entire shaft disappeared into the warm wetness of Bev's sex. She squeezed Ben's hand tight for comfort as Matt started to fuck her, long deep strokes.

Ben lent down and kissed her, and she kissed back ferociously, grabbing his cock and stroking it hard. Matt started to set a cracking pace between her legs. She pulled away from Ben's kiss and forced his cock into her mouth, sucking on it so hard it almost hurt, and the man on top of her started biting her shoulder.

Matt stoped just long enough to take Bev's feet in his hands and penetrate her even deeper, licking and kissing her ankles as the woman under him groaned and licked the slit of her boyfriend's cock.

Bev couldn't help it anymore, her body gave into Matt and she let out an almost panicked set of groans as she felt her body convulse and start to cum. Her cunt locked down on Matt's cock, pulling at it, contracting around it, wanting it to inject her with sperm.

She knew Matt was close, the look on his face as her body surrendered to him was testament to that, and Bev stopped sucking Ben and turned her attention to the man that was deep within her. The woman's hips thrust up to meet Matt's desperate thrust.

Beads of sweat accumulated on her face as Matt too her and pushed her into the bed. There was no doubt there was no stopping the two even if Ben wanted to.

She screamed and Matt erupted within her. Bev locked her feet behind Matts back and held him tight as he did it to her, staring at Ben though lust filled eyes as this other man spilled his sperm into her most precious place.

'You're protected right?' he said more out of politeness than anything else.

Bev smiled and giggled nervously. 'No.'

He withdrew with a cascade of hot cum.

Her heart was still pumping at a million beats a minute. What the fuck had she just done! The wet warm feeling of Matt's cum felt so right, it had been so long since she had risked unprotected sex and now she couldn't only think about more.

Bev extended her arms to Ben and pulled him to her, kissing him with love as she tried to catch her breath.

'Fuck me,' she whispered into his ear when their kiss had ended, and he did, wasting no time. She got on all fours as his movements had suggested and after lovingly kissing her arse and back Ben slid his rock hard cock into Bev's dripping cunt.

She hooked her feet around his ankles in encouragement and let out a groan of pain as Ben hit rock bottom, his balls now pressing against her.

He thrusted, with every pump pulling her hips back onto his cock.

Matt, turned on by the view of Bev's tits swaying vigorously under her, started to fondle them, squeezing them hard as Bev's boyfriend fucked her. With his penis stiffening again he lay down in front of Bev and offered his penis.

There was no time for consent, Matt was forceful and before Bev could respond her mouth was full of his cock. There was the taste of sperm and her own juices and she pushed back onto Ben's cock as she sucked Matt.

'God you're a slut,' Matt said to her as she sucked. 'Want both of us in you?'

This was not a question, and Bev knew no matter what her answer was Matt was going to do it to her unless Ben disapproved. At this time Ben felt like a third wheel, it was all about what Matt and Bev wanted and seeing her act like that frankly turned him on.

'Oh god,' was all Bev could say as Ben removed himself from her, and assisting her onto Matts cock, her back to Matt and her legs spread, giving Ben a good view of Matt's cock in her.

Ben got on top and Bev looked down between her legs nervously as Ben positioned his cock at her already filled entrance, and started to push himself into the same hole that Matt was already in.

Bev let out a loud cry of pain. 'Owww,' she gasped breathing heavily, 'fuck.'

Ben kept pushing. Buring the tip of his cock into her. He could feel Matt's organ against his and the wetness of his girlfriend's cunt tight and filled with another mans sex organ. 

He pushed more, this time Bev cried out to them both, 'Stop, ahhhhhhhh fuck it hurts stop!'

'Its ok baby,' Ben whispered into her ear as he ignored her protests and pushed harder, stretching the girls opening to its limits.

'Fuck!' Bev cried out, 'no, ahhhhhhh'

Ben thought he could see a tear in her eye as he felt his balls touch her, his cock now buried well and truly in the girl, along side Matt's. He hoped she was alright and didn't really want them to stop, but he was so turned on at this moment he didn't know if he could stop if she asked.

Matt started thrusting, making what fucking motion he could while trapped under her and her other lover.

Bev grabbed hold of Ben and held him tight, whimpering as he too started to pump into her. She felt like a slut, all she wanted right now was for these two men to fuck her in every way they could.

'I love you,' she gasped to Ben.

'I love you,' he said as he pushed hard.

'It kills!' she said.

There was fluid everywhere, mainly Bev's, their pubic region was covered in it, and it make a wet noise as the two men forced their large selves into the girl.

'Oh god,' she gasped, the realisation sinking in as they fucked her, 'you guy's are making me pregnant.'

With her admission out in the open both men pushed in simultaneously and Bev came.

'I'm scared,' she admitted as she knew both men were close to the edge.

'Shhh,' Ben said, lost to the lust of the night, 'we're making you a mother.'

Bev was under their control and before long both men were pulsating inside her, spilling their life-giving fluid deep into her, making a mess of her insides. Together they collapsed.

'You're crazy girl,' Matt whispered into her ear.

'And you might be a father,' she shot back.

Matt smiled. 'Yeah, but you'll never know which one of us for sure.'