 SATURDAY

Tommy had gotten up to put more clothes on before his roommate arrived. He was still dressed in just his boxers. In his bedroom, he thought about everything that happened today. Considering how he ran into Alicia, it amazed him that she was still here. Earlier today he ran into her at the gas station and black mailed her into having sex with him - which she did. She enjoyed it too. After they had sex, she decided to stick around and hang out at his apartment - wearing nothing but a tight white t-shirt and her baby blue panties. Tommy didn't know what had come over her. Before last night, he thought that she was a quiet, prudish type of girl. She even turned him down when he asked her out yesterday only to be one, of twelve other men, who fucked her later that night in the weekly "Gangbang Night" at the Hole in the Wall. She was a mystery to him, but he wasn't going to ruin a good thing by asking her any questions. She was at his place and he wasn't going to mess that up.

Alicia and Tommy were sitting on the couch, when they saw the front door open - it was Tommy's roommate, Rolan. Rolan was short and noticeably overweight. Eyeballing him, one would guess he was around 260 to 280 pounds. He had a thick beard which extended from his face to his neck. Most men shave their necks if they're going to have a beard - not Rolan. It wasn't a personal choice, he was just lazy. He wore a pair of large, black rimmed prescription glasses on his face as well. Rolan was one of the top contributors to the mess around the apartment. He'd spend several hours a day on his computer in his room or watching television in the living room. If he picked up fast food, he would leave the bag, with his trash in it on the floor. The bag served as a miniature trash can until someone else bothered to throw it away.

Rolan wasn't like Tommy. Tommy was outgoing and stayed pretty active. Rolan liked to stay inside and do nothing. He didn't even have a job. When he was away from the apartment, he was at his parent's place eating dinner or asking them for money - which they always gave him. If it weren't for his parents, Rolan would never be able to afford his share of the rent.

When he came in, he immediately noticed Alicia. She was still dressed in her panties and Tommy's shirt. He didn't say "Hello" and instead just nodded his head in her direction.

Tommy stood up and introduced her, "Hey fat ass, this is Alicia."

Rolan's face lit up, "This is the girl you told me about last night?"

Tommy looked over at Alicia and smiled, "Yep. That's her. The one from the gangbang. She's Peter's girl. You know, the dufus from Bargain Mart."

Rolan and Tommy shared a laugh at Peter's expense. Alicia didn't think it was funny, but kept her mouth shut. She also didn't appreciate that he was telling people about last night. To this complete stranger, she was the "gangbang girl." It made her feel trashy.

"We were going to watch Massacre at Camp Haven tonight. You want to watch it with us?"

Looking in Alicia's direction made Rolan nervous. He would love to sit next to her and watch a movie, but he started to get anxious. The thought, however exciting it may be, made him uncomfortable. Girls gave Rolan a lot of anxiety. They scared the hell out of him, though he would never admit it.

"Oh c'mon man. Look at her. Are you going to pass up an opportunity to sit next to a girl like this?"

That remark actually flattered her. Alicia had spent most of her life being transparent, but the past few days she had been getting more attention from the opposite sex than she ever had before. She was beginning to embrace it. Sure, she didn't want total strangers knowing about the gangbang at the bar, but she did want men to look at her as a sexual object. It made her feel sexy. Something she didn't feel until just recently.

Rolan thought about it for a second. He looked over at Alicia again. Seeing her sitting there started to change his mind. Her bare, smooth legs; her baby blue panties; her tight white shirt; her nipples poking out of it; and her cute, innocent face started to turn him on. He knew he didn't get a chance to be around many girls in a private setting, let alone one that looked as good as Alicia or one that was dressed the way she was.

"Yeah, OK. I'll...I'll watch the movie."

"Thatta boy. Put your stuff away and come sit down."

He walked back to his room. He took his jacket off and laid it, and a plastic shopping bag, on his bed. He didn't go shopping, so there weren't groceries in the bag. Instead, his parents filled the bag with snacks so he could take it with him. Cupcakes, candy bars, single bags of microwaveable popcorn, and other goodies were littered all over the bag. His parents were the main reason that Rolan was overweight. Well, that and the fact that he was really lazy.

Rolan walked back out into the living room. Tommy was sitting on the far right side of the couch and Alicia scooted over close to him to make room. Tommy had already popped the movie in and turned down the lights. Rolan sat down next to Alicia.

Tommy knew that Rolan would be the first one to get a slice of pizza. Rolan opened the box and grabbed the biggest piece he saw.

"You want any, babe?"

She was getting used to all this 'babe' talk. She didn't want to date Tommy, but it was starting to make her feel good. That said, she wasn't quite ready to let Tommy know her feelings about the word just yet.

"Not yet. I'm good." She answered.

"Suit yourself. Rolan's already dug in. I'm going to get me some."

The three of them sat on the couch for several minutes before the movie started to pick up. The movie started off with a girl leaving her bunk to go outside and check out a noise. The girl was wearing a see-thru nightie with a large set of obviously fake breasts and big blonde pigtails. As she wandered around outside her cabin trying to find the cause of the disturbance, she saw a shadowy figure in the trees. The figure raised a giant machete. The girl screamed and ran back into her cabin. She locked the door, but her stalker bashed through the door with his blade. Screaming, she jumped out of the window and ran to find someone. The phone booth didn't work. Someone had cut the cable. When she ran into the camp counselor's office, she found him dead - with a giant wound in his chest. Before she knew it, the killer was behind her. He grabbed her by her pigtails and decapitated her with his other hand.

Alicia jumped a little, leaning toward Tommy. When he noticed, she laughed at the situation.

"This movie is really cheesy." She said.

"Yeah, it looked better in the previews. All of that blood looks really fake." Tommy added.

"Sleepaway Camp Massacre started off better than this garbage." Alicia said.

The three of them shared a laugh about the terrible movie they were watching. Rolan didn't add anything to the conversation.

As the movie continued, Alicia looked bored. Tommy was paying close attention to her and picked up on it.

"How about we stop watching this piece of shit? It's not going to get any better. We could do something else."

Alicia liked this idea and asked, "Like what?"

"I dunno. We could play cards. Have you ever played cards before?"

"Uh, yeah. I've played cards. My dad owns a bar, remember?"

"Oh yeah. You're right. So you in? We could play for chips. Everybody buys in. Winner takes all. Rolan? You in?"

"Yeah, I'll play." Rolan answered.

"Awesome. Alicia, you in?"

"Yeah, I guess I'll play. I have to warn you. I'm pretty good. I've beaten the older guys at the bar."

"That's not all you've done to the old guys at the bar." Tommy retorted.

Instead of being offended, Alicia had lightened up. She figured Tommy was going to keep referencing the gangbang as long as she was around him, so what good would it do to scold him for it?

"Haha, yeah. You're right." She answered, giving him a wink.

Tommy got up to get the chips and the cards. Rolan wanted to make a move on Alicia and say something funny, but he didn't have the guts. He sat there, doing his best not to stare at Alicia's bare legs.

"Got the stuff. Let's use the table in the kitchen."

Tommy motioned Rolan and Alicia over. Alicia sat up and walked into the kitchen. Roland stared at her ass the whole time. Her panties had bunched up, giving him a look at her partly uncovered ass cheeks. She made no effort to fix them.

Tommy pulled out a chair for Alicia to sit in right next to where he would be sitting. She thanked him and sat down.

"OK, buy in is $10. Everybody cough it up." Tommy announced.

"My money is in my shorts. Hold on." Alicia said.

She got up, walked over to her shorts, bent over, and grabbed a ten dollar bill out of one of the front pockets. When she turned around she caught Tommy and Rolan staring at her. She was really enjoying the attention she was getting. She smiled and walked back to the table, put the money down, and had a seat.

Tommy shuffled the cards and took Rolan and Alicia's money and added it with his own and gave everyone chips.

Alicia, Tommy, and Rolan were dealt their cards. Alicia knew enough about poker to know that she shouldn't show any expression whatsoever. She had to keep her poker face to keep things difficult for the boys.

After all the cards had been flipped up on the table, all three of them looked at each other. Alicia knew that Rolan was bad at this. He looked concerned. Unless he was a great actor, he had a horrible hand. Tommy was better at poker than his friend, but she didn't feel he was as good as she was. She felt confident enough in her hand to raise her bet.

Rolan folded. She figured he would do that. Tommy matched her bet and even raised it. This move threw her off. Maybe he was bluffing or he had a really good hand. She wasn't sure what to do. Tommy was all smiles.

"Come on, babe. Put 'em on the table. Let's see what you got." He said, as he rubbed her bare leg.

She didn't fight him off. Instead, she kept her composure and put her cards on the table. She had a full house.

"Wow," was all Tommy could muster. Alicia started giggling. She knew she had him beat - and she did.

Tommy put his cards on the table and all he had was a pair of aces.

"I'm going to enjoy taking your money, boys," Alicia gloated, scooping up the chips and adding them to her pile.

"You got lucky. We'll see if you're as good at poker as you are at...other things." Tommy joked.

Playfully, Alicia punched Tommy in the shoulder.

The next hand went to Alicia. Winning a second time gave her more confidence. Winning a third time made her feel unstoppable. She was in Tommy's house, playing poker with him and his friend, in her panties and a tight shirt. She felt on top of the world.

After a strange turn of events, Tommy had fewer chips than Rolan, but Alicia was still the chip leader. Tommy lost the fourth hand and was taken out of the game. It was down to Alicia and Rolan.

Alicia stared at Rolan, making him uncomfortable. She could see him sweating and fidgeting. She had him. After this hand, she would take him out of the game and take all their money.

"Nervous, Rolan? Think you're going to lose to a girl?" She teased. "Let's see what you got."

She put her hand on the table. Another full house.

Rolan put his cards on the table. He didn't know enough about the game to know that he had one. He thought he lost until Tommy took a look.

"You got a flush man! You beat her!"

Rolan cracked a smile. Beating her felt good. She had the best hands the entire night and he finally won a game.

"Looks like it's just down to you two." Tommy said, as Rolan took the chips that he had won.

Alicia was so confident about the last hand that she put half of her chips in. Now her and Rolan had almost the same number of chips.

"Rolan, go all in man. You got this. You'll beat her."

"You think he's going to get lucky again? I'll take him out. I'm all in." She stated, as she pushed all her chips to the middle of the table.

"Come on man. Do it!"

Reluctantly, Rolan pushed his chips in too.

"Alright! Now we got a game!" Tommy cheered.

As the game went on, Alicia felt she had him beat. She was wrong before, but this time she was confident that he would not beat her twice. Staying true to what she learned watching Manny and Roger play poker, she was emotionless.

"Turn 'em over!" Tommy demanded.

Alicia turned her cards over. She had a straight flush.

"Beat that!" She boasted.

Rolan turned his cards over.

A royal flush.

Alicia's jaw dropped. After all her years of learning poker from the best, she lost to Rolan. He was terrible at this game and he won!

"You did it buddy! Haha!"

Tommy patted Rolan on the back and gave him the $30 from the pot. Alicia sat there in stunned silence.

"Who's in for another game?" Tommy asked, getting more money from his wallet.

Alicia snapped out of it when she heard the question.

"I...uh, I can't play another game. I don't have anymore money. That $10 was supposed to buy me dinner."

"That's a shame. You know, you could buy your way into the game with something else."

"Oh yeah? Like what?"

A wicked grin came across Tommy's face as he stared at her chest.

"My shirt? I have to buy my way back into the game with my shirt?"

"You want to beat Rolan, right? I mean, with all your experience, it has to be pretty embarrassing to lose to him." Tommy teased.

That did it. Tommy hit the right button. Alicia was secretly a really competitive person. She didn't like losing. Rolan's eyes widened as he waited for her response. Tommy didn't know how she'd respond. Maybe she'll storm out of here? Maybe she'll leave the table and go sit on the couch? He wasn't sure.

Alicia wanted to beat Rolan. She also wanted to give the boys a show. That's why she didn't bother getting fully dressed after her and Tommy finished fucking.

She grabbed the bottom of her shirt and pulled it over her head slowly. As the shirt went over her breasts, they sprang free. Rolan was in heaven. Sitting across the table from him was a topless girl. He had trouble even approaching a girl and now he was at the same table with one that was half naked. She put the shirt on the table and looked at Tommy.

"Deal me in."

Tommy put the $10 in the pot and gave her her cards. Losing once to Rolan was bad enough, but losing twice? At least she could enjoy the attention she was getting, sitting there topless. The boys were practically drooling over her.

Rolan couldn't help but stare. He was paying more attention to her than he was at the game. Alicia's breasts were double D's. They weren't as perky as she would like, but they were still rather firm, despite a slight sag. Her nipples were rock hard. The air conditioning was on full blast and she was sitting near a vent. Each time she would shiver, her large breasts would jiggle, giving Tommy and Rolan a much appreciated show.

Unfortunately for Alicia, this game didn't go well for her either. Rolan beat her again. Her three of a kind lost to his straight. She was taken out of the game again. She figured what Tommy would want next in order for to get back in the game.

Her competitive nature was strong, but she really didn't care anymore about beating Rolan. She didn't let Tommy know that though. She wanted to take her panties off, but didn't want to make it obvious.

"OK. You're out again. I'll buy your way in for another game if you lose the panties, baby."

There it was. She wanted to play it up and make it seem like she didn't want to do it. She wanted the boys to feel she had to do it because she wanted to win so badly. She grabbed both sides of her panties and started to slide them down.

"Wait. No. You have to stand up and take them off." Tommy said.

That was a much better idea. With where she was sitting, if she stood up, Rolan would get a perfect view of her pussy once she took her panties off.

Alicia stood up and stuck her thumbs in the waist band of her panties. Slowly, she slid them down. Rolan fixated his gaze on Alicia's lower half. At first he saw part of her public hair. Alicia liked to keep landing strip above her pussy. As she lowered her panties more, eventually he saw her pussy. After he saw it, she finished taking them off and stepped out of them. She held the panties in the air and dropped them on the table. With her hands on her hips, she gave the boys one last look at her pussy before she sat down.

As Tommy dealt the cards, he started to strike up a conversation with Roland.

"So Rolan, my boy, what do you think of Alicia? I told you she was nice."

This flattered her. Yes, Tommy had obviously talked her up as nothing more than a "hot piece of ass" to Roland and who knows who else, but it made her feel good. She felt sexy. Having guys desire her turned her on. She waited for Rolan's answer...

"Uh...yeah...she's...she's nice."

"Just nice? Come on man, look at those tits!" He pointed at toward her chest. Alicia straightened her posture to give him a better look.

Rolan was sweating bullets. If he was nervous before, he was practically shaking now.

"Oh...wow...those are...those are perfect."

Alicia smiled. "Thank you, Rolan. I'm glad you like my tits."

"So Rolan, before you got here, I fucked her real good. Didn't I?" Tommy asked, nudging her.

It was obvious to anyone with a brain that something happened between the two. You don't end up in her panties at some guy's house by accident. Rolan had to know that he fucked her, but Alicia responded anyway.

"Yeah. He fucked me pretty good. Shot a big load on my titties too."

She surprised herself with that one. Surprising herself was something she was doing a lot of these past two days. She had been gangbanged, black mailed into fucking Tommy and actually enjoyed it, hung out with him and his friend wearing her panties and a shirt, now she gave up her clothes to buy into a poker game, and now she just described the finish to the sex they had earlier in the most vulgar way she could think of.

She thought to herself, "Wow. I'm turning into a huge slut." That wasn't discouraging either. She was enjoying it.

"So Alicia, tell Rolan here about last night."

Here was her chance to really have some fun.

"What part?"

"All of it."

"Well, let's see. I got gangbanged by thirteen men. They all fucked me and I sucked all their cocks. When they were done, they all shot their loads on my face. My picture is on the wall at the bar with my face full of cum. I should have given my pussy a break, but I decided to fuck Tommy again today."

Rolan was speechless. Alicia smiled at him and his gaze quickly darted toward his cards.

"Before yesterday, this hottie was shy as fuck. Wouldn't talk to nobody at school. Now look at her! She's turned into a big slut!"

Again. She took no offense to what Tommy said.

"Yeah. I don't know what came over me. I actually wanted to be at Peter's place today to try and make things right with him. Instead, I'm here. Naked in your kitchen, with you two staring at my tits. Guess I am a bit of a slut."

"Make things right with Peter? What happened?" Tommy asked.

"When I told him that I had to do the gangbang, he got angry with me and asked me to leave. He kicked me out of his house. I was only doing it because the other girl couldn't be there. I did it to help my father out. He would have lost a lot of money."

"You turned out to be way better than the other bitch. Trust me. Peter should have understood that you had to do it, instead of being a baby about it."

Peter and her father didn't seem to be very positive about last night, but Tommy was. It felt good to hear someone support what she did and understand her reasons for doing it.

"Thank you. I'm glad someone doesn't try to make me feel bad about it."

"You're welcome, babe. Shit. We got to talking and forgot about the game." Tommy announced.
