 I've been here for almost an hour, walking around wondering if you got my message. This has always been my favorite park, but even more so since I met you. Meeting you here has become the memory I use whenever I need to pleasure myself. So now I'm walking around waiting to see if you will come to fulfill my desire.

Not many people here today, even though it's such a beautiful spring day. The sun is shining and it's just warm enough that I can go without a coat. That makes me happy since I dressed just for you. My shirt cut low enough for you to see the soft curves of my cleavage and just tight enough so that you can see my nipples when I'm aroused. A pair of jeans loose enough to allow them to be removed easily. 

I hear a car and look, hoping to see your truck coming around the curve, but its not you just another dog walker going home. I decide to walk the trails while I wait, make you look for me when you get here.

I heard a noise and realized that a man was standing by the trees on the edge of the path just ahead. He looked up as he heard me and smiled. "Hi, beautiful day for a walk." he said to me. I nodded my head in agreement then asked him if he'd lost something. He then proceeded to tell me about his visit here earlier with his dog and how his dog had lost his tags and he was now looking for them. I thought what the hell I had time to waste till you got here so I started helping him look.

We were both bent over looking in the brush and I noticed he kept coming around behind me. I looked over my shoulder and saw him no longer looking at the ground but at my ass. This brought a smile to my face since I was already horny anticipating your arrival. And since I still wasn't sure if you were coming, I thought this may be the perfect opportunity to fulfill my stranger fantasy. 

Thinking about it while I looked, I wondered how I was going to pull this off. I put my hand to the ground and started moving some dead leaves around then called over to him saying I thought I had found them. As he got to my side I stood up and pushed him against the nearest tree, telling him I had seen him looking at my ass and was wondering if he liked what he saw. With that he looked me in the eye and told me he liked it very much and grabbed the back of my head with one hand and pulled me in for a very passionate kiss while his other hand went straight for my breast.

I was already hot and this just fueled my lust as I reached down to feel his bulge through his pants. I was quite pleased to find his cock already hard and straining at his jeans. As he pulled his lips away from mine I told him I could help him with this problem too.

Unbuttoning his jeans I couldn't wait to have this strangers cock in my mouth. I lower myself till my mouth is level with his cock, I know he can feel the heat from my mouth before I even touch him by the way he closes his eyes and throws his head back in anticipation. I reach my tongue down and start at his balls, licking my way to the tip, wanting to get him very wet before I suck his whole cock into my mouth. Knowing this will take him by surprise I hold on to his hips so he can't jerk back out in shock. I slowly work my tongue up and down then teasingly around the head, I hear him moan from the sensation and this makes my juices flow even faster. I can feel my pussy wanting some attention so I slowly slide my hand into my pants and quickly plunge my fingers in. I was so wet there was no resistance as started finger fucking myself. For just a minute my thoughts turn to you and where you are thinking I could almost feel you near. 

Again I turn my attention back to this strangers cock sliding in and out of my mouth, knowing he was getting close by the deep groans coming from him. I concentrate on the head, sucking hard then releasing it and taking him all the way down my throat knowing this will bring him to the edge hard and fast. I reach up with my other hand and grab his balls just as they start to contract and I can feel his cum working its way to my waiting tongue. I pull his cock from my mouth just as he explodes in my face allowing me to get a good taste before taking him back in to swallow his hot load and suck out every last drop. 

Now still desperately needing release of my own I keep sucking and licking his limp cock in hopes that it won't take long to bring him to full attention again. When out of the corner of my eye I see you standing there. Startled, I look up into your eyes hoping not to see disappointment, but to my amazement I see your cock in your hand and your eyes telling me you want to fuck me. How long were you standing there? How long had you been watching?

Wondering why I had stopped my stranger opened his eyes just in time to see you coming from behind and sliding your cock over my shoulder, across my cheek to my waiting mouth. Not wanting him to think I was done with him yet, I continued to stroke his cock with my hand. Now feeling it grow as he watched what I was doing to you. I turn myself further into your body so I can give your cock my fullest attention. Swirling my tongue around the head then taking in the full length till I can feel you in the back of my throat. The taste of your pre-cum driving me insane, wanting to taste you as you flood my mouth with your cum. In my mind I'm wondering how I got so lucky as to have these two gorgeous men here to now pleasure me.

My stranger releases my grip and slowly moves around to the other side where he slides his hand into my shirt slowly feeling my nipples under his palm. You reach your hand in to join his squeezing my nipples the way you know I like it. I gasp as you roughly yank my shirt exposing my tits to the now cooling air. A shiver runs through me like electricity straight to my pussy as you start rubbing and pulling my nipples again. I hear you tell him to lick my nipples as you bend down and slowly kiss my neck up to my ear, your hot breath bringing me to the edge as you whisper that soon you're going to put your cock in my pussy and fuck me till I squeeze your cock so hard that you pump me full of your cum. Knowing I am almost ready to beg for release you ask me "what about your friend?" "What do you want?"

Already knowing exactly what I want and need, you hold out your hand and help me to my feet and then take off my pants. You bend me forward and I put my friends cock back in my mouth as I feel your tongue plunge into my dripping pussy. You flick my clit once and that's all it takes, I'm cumming all over your expert tongue and I can feel you licking out all my juices savoring the taste you like so much. You start to lick up my ass, kissing and licking up my back till you get to the back of my neck. I can feel your cock sliding in my tight wet pussy and I hear you moan at the same time I do as you sink it all the way in. You begin to fuck me just the way I like it, slowly pulling in and out of me almost all the way then trusting back in filling me completely with your hardness.

Having a hard time breathing around the cock in my mouth I feel you begin fucking me harder and faster, pounding me into the cock in front of me. I can't hold off much longer as I feel you getting ready to blow you load inside of me. Just the thought of your juices coating the inside of my pussy starts my pussy muscles to contract, milking you till your exploding hot cum all over my insides. My orgasm is so intense I almost fall from the weakness in my legs. As I recover I turn and take you in my mouth loving the taste of our cum mixed together on your cock. Not wanting to waste any.

All the watching has gotten to my friend as he kneels behind me and starts licking our juices from my pussy. When he is satisfied that he has got it all he stands and slides his cock into my still slippery pussy fucking me like he can't get enough. You sensing that he won't last, stop him and help me to lay down on my back. You start licking my body as he fucks me, my senses going crazy from all this attention. I'm fucking him back pushing up to meet his every thrust. 

I can feel you sucking my nipples and then I feel your fingers circling my clit. My body starts to quiver as I feel my orgasm ripping through my whole body. My moans are so loud I'm hoping no one else is around to hear. I realize my friend can't hold out and with a loud moan of his own, pulls his cock out and sprays cum all over my belly and tits before I can guide his cock back into my pussy to feel the last of his hot cum. He falls back and I can't wait to get his cock in my mouth to lick my cum from it. With my ass in the air I can feel our juices running down my inner tights just like they had run down my ass before I turned over.

Suddenly I feel you behind me, your cock pushing into my ass fucking me hard. My stranger, being spent, can only sit and watch. My body reacts to this and I know I'm going to cum again. I reach down and start playing with my clit wanting you to feel my orgasm, knowing that it will trigger yours. I moan and tell you to fuck me hard, and then I tell you I'm cumming and want to feel you cum with me. Hearing this starts you pounding your cock in my ass so hard bringing you to your own orgasm, filling my ass with your cum for the first time. Never having this feeling before, so hot and wet it starts me cumming again and again until exhausted we collapse you on top of me, your cock still pulsing in my ass.

When we recover and look around my stranger is gone. Yes it was real, but also my fantasy!