 It was a quiet Friday night for Ellie. She'd had a long week, working extra hours three of the five days. There had been a possibility that her lover would come see her tonight but at the last minute, he'd texted her to say that it wasn't possible. He was giving someone a ride to their Friday night basketball game. 

She considered going to see them play, a bunch of co-workers playing for fun and indeed having a lot of fun on the court. Most of them had only played in high school and really were not athletes yet a few were more adept than others, having played competitively. She'd gone to see a few games but simply had no interest tonight.

She curled up with a book in front of her fireplace and sipped herbal tea as she read. The book was one of those historic romances with lots of teasing and sexual tension and it was making her slightly horny. She'd have to take care of that later.

It was about 10 pm when her cell phone rang. It was Steve, her lover.

"Hello?"

"Hey babe! You up for some company tonight?"

"I thought you were giving Harold a ride and couldn't make it."

"Well Harold wanted to go out with some of the guys and I told them that I really wasn't up to it. So he'll get a ride home with someone else. They called me an old fart but I don't care, not if it means I can spend time in your sweet pussy."

"Hmmmm, tell me what you'd like to do...."

"What I'd really love is for you to unlock your front door, then strip naked and lie on your bed with that blindfold on and let me surprise you. You up for that?"

Just the thought of it made Ellie's pussy contract and instantly feel wet.

"All right! I'll be waiting!"

"See you in 20!"

Ellie hung up and rushed to get ready. She brushed her teeth, her long hair and washed up so she would be clean for Steve. She unlocked her front door and headed for her bedroom. She pulled the covers away and took out some long scarves. She'd have a surprise for him too. She tied the scarves at the four corners of the bed frame, tied her feet and then set up to tie up her hands after putting on the blindfold. With the way she set it up, she could get out of the bindings without a problem, they were more symbolic than anything. The anticipation of what was to come was making her body tingle. Her nipples were already erect and her pussy totally wet.

* * * * *

Steve hung up and then said "When we get there, you have to be totally quiet."

Jake asked nervously "Are you sure she'll be okay with this? You didn't tell her I was coming."

"Oh yeah, she and I have discussed her fantasy of having two men take her several times and I know she likes you."

"Who is she?"

"Ah, that's a surprise. All you need to know is that she is a good friend of mine who loves sex. She loves to do it, she loves to write about it, she loves to talk about it. There's something really sexy about a woman who truly loves sex, no matter what her appearance."

"Are you saying she's ugly?"

"No, she's not ugly, you doufus! She's a little overweight but that just means more boobs to play with. Just wait until you see her twins. Man, you can wrap these melons around your cock and then feed it to her and she loves it. Just trust me."

"Okay"

"So, when we get there, be totally quiet. Not one word. I'll get her started. You just watch. I'll eat her pussy for a bit and then I'll get on top of her and get her to suck on my cock. That's when you can start eating her up. She'll probably resist a bit because of the surprise but don't worry, she'll love it. Okay?"

"If you're sure, okay. I've never done this before."

"I'm totally, 100% sure man, she'll love it. Besides, you need it, don't you?"

"Yeah, I haven't had any since Gabby left me three months ago, I'm really aching for some pussy."

* * * * *

Ellie heard the door open and the anticipation of having Steve's lips and hands on her gave her goosebumps. She found herself arching her back slightly, waiting for him to come to her room. 

Steve whistled when he walked in and saw her. Partly to indicate his appreciation, and partially to drown out Jake's gasp when he'd recognized their co-worker. While Steve was a peer of Ellie's from another department, Jake worked in Ellie's department and though she wasn't his direct supervisor, she filled that role when the actual supervisor was absent. 

Steve went to her and kissed her passionately on the lips and she responded. With his hand, he caressed her breasts, teasing her nipples as he kissed her. With his other hand, he undid his pants and then stood up to quickly undress.

"I like the extra surprise Ellie. It's got me so worked up, I'm just throbbing. Part of me wants to plunge right into you but hey, you know I can't do that without tasting you first. Get ready for my tongue to invade your pussy!"

Ellie moaned in anticipation. Steve's tongue was great. She felt him get on the bed and get between her legs. And then, joy! He started licking her and using his fingers to get better access. Ellie couldn't help but lift her butt off the bed to meet his tongue.

"You really like this, don't you Ellie?"

"Yeah, shut up and give me more!"

He obliged and had her moaning loudly as he licked and probed her pussy with his fingers.

"Steve, turn around and give me that cock of yours, I want to suck on it."

"You want my cock?"

"Yeah."

"Why?"

"You know I love your cock, baby, just give it to me!"

Steve lifted his head and winked at Jake. Jake had undressed and was slowly stroking his own cock while watching this. Steve had been right, Ellie clearly loved this. He hoped that she wouldn't be too upset with his presence and participation.

Steve got up and straddled Ellie's chest. He pushed her large breasts together and rubbed his cock between them. Then, he moved forward a bit more and put the tips of his cock on her lips. Ellie immediately lifted her head and took in the cock she so loved to suck on. Using her lips and her tongue, she soon had Steve moaning.

Steve motioned for Jake to go to her pussy and have his turn. Jake carefully positioned himself and could smell her musky scent as he got close. When he dove down and started licking, he felt her tense up.

Ellie panicked. There was no way she could have Steve's cock in her mouth at that angle and have him be the one licking her pussy. There was a second man in her bed. She pushed out Steve's cock with her tongue and asked "Who's there?"

Steve bent down and said "Shhhh.... relax. Enjoy. You've talked so many times about having two men service you and so I brought a friend."

"Who is it? I want to know who it is!" Ellie pulled at her bindings but Steve held her arms down. He responded. "It's someone you like, I promise. Just lay back and relax."

"No! I want to know who the heck is here! You can't do this!"

Jake, feeling guilty, got off the bed. Steve motioned for him to stay "Shhhhh... both of you. Don't panic!"

He then gently stroked Ellie's face and said "Ellie, have I ever betrayed your trust before? You know I wouldn't bring someone here that you don't like or that we can't trust. He's promised absolute discretion and he's got something you'll really like."

Then, he turned to Jake and said "Put your cock in her hand there." And he pointed to the hand closest to where Jake was standing.

"Trust me sweetie, you will love his cock. It's clean cut just as you prefer and it's nice and wide. It'll stretch your pussy very nicely. And again, I swear he's someone you like. I would never bring Harold or Jim or Mike here, I promise."

Jake cautiously put his cock in her hand and she gave it a bit of a squeeze and rub. He was indeed quite larger than Steve and only about an inch longer so that it wasn't going to cause pain in her tight and short vagina. 

Steve kissed her again and then said "Trust me Ellie. Relax and enjoy." 

Ellie squeezed the cock in her hand once more and stroke it as best as she could with the limited movement possible due to her hand being tied to the bed. This cause a low moan from its owner's mouth. Ellie vaguely recognized the sound. Could it be? She decided to relax and allow things to happen. After all, he'd already seen her naked and vulnerable and Steve was right, she was very much excited at the prospect of having two men at the same time. She nodded.

Steve let out a little cheer and immediately put his cock back in her mouth. Jake, despite the urge to continue having Ellie play with his cock, pulled away and went back to his position between her legs. Soon, it was his tongue making her moan and push off the bed to meet it. Yet, through all this, she continued to lick and suck Steve's cock. After a few minutes, Steve said "I gotta fuck you Ellie, I gotta put my cock in your tight pussy. But I really want to take you from behind and watch you suck on his cock while I pound you. Can you promise to keep the blindfold on even if your hands are free?"

Ellie nodded and Steve reached for her hands. He untied her hands while Jake untied her feet. Steve got off the bed, reached into her night stand and took out some condoms. He put one on and left the others on top of the night stand so Jake could take one later. He turned Ellie around and positioned her so he could kneel onto the bed between her legs and push into her very wet pussy. 

Meanwhile, Jake laid down sideways in front of her and guided her head to his erect cock. She grabbed it with one hand and started kissing it and licking it. Behind her, Steve pushed in all the way and made her moan. As she moaned, she descended on Jake's cock and took it all in, causing him to moan loudly. This time there was no mistaking the voice, she recognized him but refrained from saying anything. Steve was right, she liked Jake.

Steve held her hips and moved in and out of her slowly at first. Jake reached under her and felt for one of her breasts. When he found the nipple, Ellie moaned on his cock and that encouraged him to continue teasing that nipple. Ellie licked and sucked on the big cock in her mouth, enjoying the different feel of it. Jake's other hand made its way into her hair and her grabbed a handful and directed her movements which turned her on even more. With Steve's cock going in and out, another hard cock in her mouth and her nipple being teased like that, Ellie was in heaven. 

Steve's movements accelerated and he said "Fuck Ellie, it's so hot to see you sucking his cock like that. You're so wet and hot I can feel it right through the condom. I don't think I'm going to last very long. God, this is so good!"

Jake moaned as Ellie sped up her tongue action on his cock. Then, he pushed her down on his cock and exploded, moaning loudly as he did so. That was Steve's undoing and he groaned too while coming into her pussy.

Ellie took it all in and swallowed every drop. Jake's cock softened a bit but not totally so she kept slowly and gently licking it. When Steve pulled out, Jake repositioned himself quickly into a 69 with her. He pushed two fingers into her still very wet pussy and used his tongue on her clit.

They licked each other for a moment and Ellie noticed that Jake's cock was already hardening again. She pulled her mouth off it and stroked it with her hand and said "Wow Jake, that's a quick recovery. I can't wait to have you in my pussy."

Steve, who had gone to clean up came back in time to hear this and asked "Ellie, what makes you think this is Jake? Did you peek?"

"No, I recognized his voice."

"But he didn't speak."

"I recognized his voice when he moaned and groaned, silly!"

Jake spoke up "So you're okay with this?"

"Oh yeah. Now Steve, hand me a condom. I want to have this amazing cock in my pussy."

Ellie put the condom Steve handed her onto Jake's cock and repositioned herself in the reverse cowgirl position. She slowly lowered herself onto the large cock. "Aaaahhhhh, that feels good!" She worked herself up and down the filling pole for a time while leaning forward and then she leaned back to change the angle.

Steve put pillows under Jake and propped him up so he could better access Ellie's breasts. She leaned back on him a bit, helping with that access. He teased her nipples, having figured out that she really enjoyed that.

Steve reached into the night stand and took out Ellie's vibrator. He turned it on and applied it to her clit and she gasped. "Oh My God!"

"Good?"

"Oh yeah, hold it there, press on it against my clit, don't move it!"

Ellie stopped moving herself and asked again "Don't move, just keep doing what you're both doing, this feels so amazing!"

Within two minutes her breathing got really ragged and her moans intensified and all of a sudden, she squeezed on Jake's cock and groaned loudly as waves crashed over her in a big orgasm. She kept rhythmically squeezing down on Jake's cock and he also groaned as he pressed up against her.

Wave after wave of aftershocks followed that earthquake for Ellie and when she finally settled down, Steve took the vibrator away.

She leaned forward and said "Jake, if you need to fuck me to finish off, now's the time to do it."

Jake sheepishly replied "I already came Ellie, sorry."

Ellie whipped her head around and took off the blindfold "You came when I did or are you talking about earlier in my mouth?"

"No, I came a second time when you did. I just can't resist squeezing on my cock, it makes me come super fast. Sorry I didn't last as long as you'd like."

His cock was indeed softening rapidly inside her so she got off of him and laid down beside him. Steve completed the sandwich by laying down behind her and caressing her side and her back.

"Jake, sweetie, don't be sorry, that is fantastic! When I come that intensely, I really enjoy just resting afterwards. Your timing was perfect. Now, can we just lay quietly for a minute or two?"

After a moment, Steve spoke up "Sorry to put an end to this folks, but we really should get going. Ellie, why don't you go first and then I'll tuck you in. I know you really like to fall asleep while still under the influence of all those endorphins from your orgasm. I'll lock the door behind us." 

Ellie nodded. The endorphins were indeed making her super relaxed. She went to clean up very quickly and then returned to bed. While Jake cleaned up, Steve tucked Ellie in and kissed her tenderly. "Don't worry, I'll remind Jake to keep this secret. See you Monday."

* * * * *

When Monday morning rolled around, Ellie had to rush to her office. As she passed by Steve's office, she called out "Good morning!"

Steve called out "Ellie, I gotta talk to you!"

But Ellie kept going "I can't! I'm late for a conference call!"

As she walked into her section, Ellie waved at Jake through a glass wall and quickly put up a sign on her door to indicate she was in but in a conference call. She then closed the door and dialled in to the call. She had two back to back two-hour conference calls followed by a three hour meeting. Fortunately, lunch was supplied for that three-hour meeting that spanned their lunch hour.

So it wasn't until mid-afternoon that she was able to talk to Steve. She went to sit in his office for a few minutes and at first, they talked about work. Then, Steve got serious and asked "Have you talked to Jake yet?"

"No, I haven't had any time."

"He needs to be reassured that you're not upset about Friday night. You're not, are you?"

"Part of me is a bit upset with you for not checking with me first. But you and I both know that if you had asked, I would have chickened out."

"Did you enjoy it?"

"Oh yeah. It was really good."

Just then, someone came to join them in Steve's office so they changed the subject. After a few minutes, Ellie excused herself and left, going back to her department. 

Jake was on a 12-hour schedule while others in the department were on 8- hour shifts. Ellie waited for the others to leave and then went to where Jake was. She went to one of the computers and sat down. Jake was already at one of the other computers. 

Ellie cheerfully greeted him "Hey Jake! How are you? Everything going good here?"

Jake appeared uneasy. "Things are okay, how are you?"

"I'm great!" 

Jake hesitated but then quietly asked "Can I ask you something?"

"Jake, you can ask me anything, you know that."

He nervously looked around. Ellie caught on. "Jake, relax. Just stay at your computer and talk to me just like you would if we were talking about these computers and work. Nobody will be able to tell the difference."

"Are we okay? I mean, are you okay with what happened on Friday?"

"Have you told anybody about it?"

"No, I swear I haven't said peep to anyone, not even my best friend."

"Then we're fine. Everything is fine."

"Oh good. I was worried when I didn't see you at all today. Normally you come say hello. Today, you didn't."

"I'm sorry. I came in at the last minute, had back to back conference calls and then a long meeting. I didn't mean to ignore you. You okay now?"

"Yeah. Can I ask you more questions?"

"Sure, ask away."

"First I want to tell you that I had no idea that it was you Steve was taking me to see. All he said was that we were going to see a friend of his. Have you and Steve been doing this for long?"

"Jake I don't kiss and tell. Absolute discretion is very important to me."

"Okay, I respect that but can I ask if this was your first time having two guys at once?"

"Yes, it was."

"Did you like it?"

"Yes, I did. That was really good. Did you like it?"

"I did like it but now that I've tried it, I think I prefer just one on one."

"I think I do too."

"Why? I mean for me, it's like there was something missing, a connection with you."

"I agree and for me, I was worried that one man will feel left out. Because it was the first time, I didn't take much time to think about that but after the fact, I did. And I'd be more concerned about that if I were to do that again."

"When we drove home on Friday, Steve kind of said that it was a one time deal. It's kind of sad."

"Why is that sad if you agree with me that one-on-one is better?"

"It's sad because I never even got to kiss you."

"Just because the threesome was a one-shot deal doesn't mean you and I can't get together again"

"That's not what Steve says."

"Steve? What did he say?"

"He pretty much told me that you are his and that for me, it was one time only."

"Steve doesn't own me, he doesn't have a say over who I invite into my bed."

"So you two aren't exclusive?"

"Heck no! We never even discussed that. He's not exclusive to me and I know that. The guy's a player and up until now, it suited me because it was no strings."

Ellie looked at Jake and saw that he seemed pleased at her response. Could it be that he wanted to come to her bed again? That would be nice. The thought of playing with that beautiful cock again made her tingle.

"So, is there any chance that you and I could get together again?"

"Oh, I would hope so. Think you can continue keeping it a secret though? I really don't want my private life out there, you know? I mean a guy has lovers and he's a hero but a girl does and she's a slut."

"True. Don't worry, I'll keep quiet. No offence but I don't exactly want to be known as the guy who sleeps his way to the top."

Ellie couldn't help but laugh. But then, the supervisor came in and asked what was so funny so Jake told him about some funny incident on the basketball court and impressed Ellie with his quick thinking.

Then, Ellie told them "Guys, I have to go to the regional office for the next two days. I'll have my cell phone with me if you need any help. See you Thursday!"

She winked at Jake, hoping he'd get the clue about her cell phone. 

* * * * *

The next day at lunch time, Ellie got a text from Jake asking if he would be welcome at her place after work on Thursday. His schedule was four 12-hour shifts so Thursday was his last day of the week. Ellie sent back a smiley face and a yes. While she was a bit disappointed that there was no other message, she couldn't help but build anticipation.
