 This story introduces a new couple into the swinging group that includes Paige and James. Hopefully you enjoy reading about how Paige and her group of friends help welcome this sexy couple into their world of seduction and passion. I have told this story through the eyes of the male part of this couple, Micah. 

***

As my 40th birthday approached my attitude had taken a turn for the worse. I was happily married to my college sweetheart and we both had stayed in good physical shape despite our hectic schedules or work and raising 4 kids. I felt great and didn't feel like I was getting older but somehow the big 4-0 has a way of getting in your head. My wife, Jess, teased me about becoming grumpy in my old age as my patience had lessened and I moped around the house sometimes complaining about turning 40 etc. I was ready for the day to come and go so that I could move on and instructed my wife that I did not want a party to celebrate my birthday this year.

As the day approached and there was no mention of a party or hint that she had something in the works I felt disappointed even though Jess was honoring my request of no party. I left for work that Thursday morning and received a short kiss and "Happy Birthday" wish from my wife as she ushered me out the door in her bathrobe before getting the kids up and ready for school. After my 45 minute commute I arrived for work and it started as every other day with a diet coke and checking emails before our morning meetings. This is when the day made a drastic turn for the better. The email subject line read "Surprise" and was sent by my wife minutes after I left. I opened the email curiously to see what she was up to. I read the following email to myself:

"You have until 1:00 p.m. to finish any work that is critical before leaving for the rest of the week. I have already notified your office that you will be gone and they have assured me they can cover for you. Head to the airport and check in at the American Airlines counter for your 3:00 p.m. flight. Happy Birthday Stud!"

I saw an attachment to the email and opened it up still in shock. My wife is a huge planner and I couldn't believe she was able to keep this from me. I felt a rush of excitement over the spontaneity of a surprise trip to an unknown location. As I opened the email attachment my face became flush and my cock rose to attention as I stared at my conservative wife with her robe open and standing in a sexy bra and panties in our entry way moments after I had left this morning. I didn't know what was in store but I immediately closed out the attachment and looked around to make sure nobody was around.

I fumbled around for rest of the morning and probably got nothing done but found a way to let my erection subside enough that I could walk normally out the door to my car. I told my front office staff to contact me if they needed me and they assured me everything was under control and to have a good time. As I opened my car door my phone buzzed alerting me of a text message from my wife. I looked around wondering if she was watching me somehow but didn't see any sign of her. I started the car and opened the message to find a video that she had sent.

I played the video that started with my wife in her sexy bra from the picture she sent me earlier. She began talking into the camera. 

"Happy Birthday to my sexy husband. I hope you are ready for a wild and sexy weekend. I'm going to show you that 40 can be a lot of fun! I hope you don't mind but I have some more surprises in store." 

With that she panned the camera down and showed me her pussy filled with her rabbit style vibrator. She turned it on and thrust it in and out letting me listen to the wet sounds of her excited pussy getting fucked. She knew it was a fantasy of mine to watch her fuck another man and I quickly became hard as I listened to her breathing get faster and moans get louder as she approached an orgasm. 

"OHHH...Fuck me harder...YESS...YESS...OHHHHH...I"MMM CUUUMMMING!!" 

She screamed at the top of her lungs as I watched her fuck herself hard and fast with her big toy through orgasm. After a pause she panned the camera up and blew me a kiss before the video ended.

Realizing that I was still in the parking lot at work red faced and cock throbbing I quickly put the car in gear and sped away toward the airport. I parked the car and took the shuttle to the terminal. I arrived at the American Airlines check in desk and gave them my ID to check in. When the attendant asked "where are you flying to?" I gave an embarrassed laugh and informed her that I didn't know. I went on to explain it was a surprise trip that my wife set up. She smiled and found the reservation. She handed me a boarding pass and smiled before telling me to enjoy Sin City! 

As I pulled out my phone to find out where to meet my wife I noticed that I had missed a couple texts from her while I was checking in. I opened the first one and read: 

"Hope you don't mind but I booked an earlier flight so that I could get in early and get ready for your arrival. I just made it to Vegas and I've got all of the luggage. I will send you instructions before you land. Enjoy your flight." 

I was surprised, confused, disappointed, and excited all at the same time. We never traveled alone and usually she is very anxious if I am not traveling with her. I opened the second message that showed to be a picture message. It is a picture of Jess sitting by the airplane window smiling at the camera. She is always beautiful but this picture was a little different. She was wearing jeans and a top that buttoned up the front. Jess has gorgeous DD breasts but hides them most of the time under clothing. However, today she had three buttons opened up and her cleavage was very apparent and open for the world to see. I immediately felt a bulge in my pants as I stared at my conservative wife knowing that she dressed provocatively and went through the airport and boarded an airplane with everyone getting a chance to drool over her.

Realizing that I was almost to the front of security checkpoint I quickly put my phone away and got out my ID and boarding pass. As I passed through the screening and collected my belt, shoes, and wallet something hit me. The picture was not a selfie but rather taken from the aisle and at an angle that would accentuate her cleavage. I was confused and turned on trying to figure out who took the picture and how she managed to get them to take it. She had me right where she wanted me and knew what she was doing.

I boarded the plane and found my seat toward the back of the plane next to the window. The seats next to me remained empty while the plane filled up. I glanced up and a woman caught my eye as she boarded the plane. She was mid to late 30's I guessed with light brown straight hair and cleavage that I could see all the way from the back of the plane. Her black dress was hugged tight on her body and plunged in the front allowing easy visibility to the cleavage of her obviously large breasts. As I watched her strut down the aisle her eyes met mine and I quickly looked down and fumbled to grab a magazine embarrassed after being caught eyeing her. 

I kept my head down hoping that she took a seat toward the middle of the plane. However, out of the corner of my eye I saw her stop and lift her carry-on up toward the overhead bin above my row. I tried to keep my head in the magazine but instinctively I looked over and saw her arms extended over her head and her breasts right at my eye level. After putting the bag overhead she entered my aisle and gave me a gorgeous smile as she scooted in to take the middle seat next to me. Her dress was just above her knee and I got a glimpse of her shapely calves and lower thigh as she sat down next to me. She took me by surprise and immediately introduced herself:

"Hi! I'm Paige and this is my husband James."

I shook both of their hands and introduced myself. My face was probably beet red with embarrassment as I wondered if her husband had caught me ogling over his wife. I went immediately back to pretending to read the airline magazine and put headphones on while they became situated and the flight prepared for take off. Just before takeoff Paige put her hand on my arm to get my attention.

"I'm sorry to bother you but do you have any gum? I forgot to pack some as we rushed out of the house to make the flight."

I reached in my pocket and pulled out the gum that I had bought in the gift shop. I pulled out a couple pieces and handed to her before getting one for myself. She handed one to her husband and turned back to me as she slowly (almost seductively) inserted the stick of gum into her mouth. She winked at me, grabbed my arm, and said:

"Now I guess we both owe you one!"

I felt a jolt of excitement overcome me as I stared into her beautiful blue eyes and watched as she smiled at me. It seemed like an eternity that our eyes locked on one another before the captain announced that we were cleared for take off. We both sat back as the plane increased speed and took off on our way to Vegas. I kept wondering whether Paige was intentionally flirting with me or just being friendly. As soon as we leveled out she struck up a conversation with me. She told me that she and James were taking a long overdue vacation together and asked me if I was traveling on business since I was by myself.

I laughed and started to explain how my wife had surprised me with a mysterious trip to Las Vegas for my 40th birthday. She tapped James on the arm and told me to tell them all about how she surprised me. I was a little uncomfortable talking to them and trying not to stare at Paige the whole time while her husband was looking right at me. I gave them most of the details including the sexy pictures she sent me but leaving out the video portion! I figured I would never see these people again and they seemed very excited and interested in my story so I got a little carried away. Paige asked me if I would show her the picture so that she could get an idea of how to surprise James sometime. Knowing my wife would kill me I resisted at first but James broke the ice in a big way:

"How about this? I'll show you a picture Paige sent me the other day if you share your wife's pictures with us."

Paige turned and punched James in the shoulder playfully but then shockingly turned back to me:

"Well. What do you say?"

I had no idea what the picture James had on his phone was but my curiosity was killing me. Was she really going to let him share a provocative picture with me knowing we had 2 hours left on our flight and I would be fantasizing about her the whole time? Or was she secretly hoping that I would fantasize about her? In a split second of insanity I decided to show them the first photo of my wife in her lingerie with her robe open. I opened the photo and had them huddle close so neighboring passengers wouldn't see. I turned the phone around to show them and a big smile came across both of their faces. Paige looked up at me,

"Oh my. You are an extremely lucky man. I bet you can't wait to get to Las Vegas to unwrap that package. I can't believe how sexy she is. Isn't she hot James?"

James smiled and nodded aggressively as I immediately blushed and felt warmth in my neck and face as my cock began to grow in my pants. I swiped over and showed them the second picture of her sitting on the plane showing off her face and cleavage. 

"Yummy!" Paige said and I watched as her hand slid up James's thigh and landed on his crotch. "And obviously James likes what he sees too!" She chuckled as she slid her hand up and down his obviously aroused cock.

Her eyes then immediately moved to my lap where my hard bulging cock was apparent through my slacks. I was so turned on from their reaction to my wife that I forgot for a moment that they promised to return the favor. James then handed his phone to Paige for approval of the photo he had picked out to share with me. Paige smiled and swiped to a different picture, whispered into his ear and looked into his eyes for approval. 

After James agreed Paige moved closer to me and shielded her phone so only I could see what was on it. I looked and saw Paige completely naked fingering herself on a bed. Her lustful eyes stared at the camera and as I looked at the picture it seemed as if she was staring at me. Her body was amazing and her lip was curled in pleasure as she had two fingers inside her. I took in every aspect of the picture and tried to imprint it on my brain for later! When I glanced up her eyes were locked in on my completely aroused cock that was showing through my pants.

Just then the flight attendant was asking the row in front of us if they wanted drinks. Knowing I couldn't hide my erection I quickly put the tray down in front of me to cover my excitement. James was obviously in the same situation as his was already down. Between ordering drinks, getting snacks, and flight attendants passing by I was able calm down a little but the picture of this beautiful woman next to me naked fingering herself wouldn't leave my head. 

Our drinks arrived and Paige proposed a toast to new friends. We all touched cups together and Paige sipped her wine while James and I enjoyed a cold beer. The talk while we drank our first drinks turned more casual as we discussed where we lived, kids, jobs, etc. They were happily married and had kids that they left at home for the first time in a couple years. I shared common stories of busy life of chasing kids around and the inability to get away with my wife as much as we wanted to. I told them of how out of character this trip had started and the excitement it gave me knowing my wife had set all of this up and was obviously planning to dress sexy and let loose this weekend. They shared in my excitement and seemed genuinely happy for me.

As we settled in for the last stretch of our flight and flight attendants were collecting trash Paige asked one of them for a blanket to warm up. I found it a little odd since it felt pretty warm to me but I thought maybe I was still feeling the effects of the excitement from earlier. The flight attendant brought the blanket by and handed to her before finishing the last collection of trash and taking her seat for the approach into Vegas. Paige spread the blanket out and covered herself from her midsection down over her knees. She turned toward me and leaned in to whisper in my ear.

"All of our flirting and picture exchange got me all excited. Seeing how hard you got looking at my photo has left me horny and wet. So if you don't mind I'm going to take care of myself under this blanket while I imagine riding what I can only imagine is a very large cock based on the outline in your pants."

I looked down and saw the blanket moving slightly as she started to finger herself. She started off slowly and stared into my eyes while pleasing herself. Her breathing became heavier as she struggled to contain her building orgasm. Paige rested her head on my shoulders and stared down at the big bulge in my pants while I watched the blanket move more and more as she brought herself closer to orgasm. I felt her body tighten and she put her mouth on my shoulder to let out a muffled series of moans as she reached climax just before we landed.

I couldn't believe how erotic it was to have a woman masturbate next to me on a plane. My cock was throbbing and aching to cum but I had to find a way to compose myself before exiting the plane. As the passengers got off the plane in front of us and our time approached Paige leaned over and gave me a kiss on the cheek. 

"It was very nice to meet you. I hope you guys have a great time in Vegas. Your wife is one lucky woman to be able to have that big cock any time she wants!"

With that she stood up and reached into the compartment to get her bag pausing to make sure I got a good look down her shirt. I walked behind her off the plane and shook hands with James and hugged Paige before they departed down to baggage claim and on to their vacation.

Realizing that I still had my phone on airplane mode and had no idea where to go I changed setting back and tried to collect myself while my phone updated and received missed messages. My phone alerted me of multiple text messages. I had multiple business contact texts that I ignored for the time being searching for direction from my wife on where to go. I was surprised to see that she hadn't texted me and immediately became worried that something happened on her flight. Just as I was about to panic I looked up and saw a chauffeur standing in front of me with a sign with my name on it. 

He escorted me to his car that was waiting outside of the terminal. As I got in he handed me a note from my wife. I closed the door behind me an anxiously tore open the envelope.

"Hi sexy. I hope you had an enjoyable flight. Your driver will be taking you to our hotel. Once you arrive please check in at the front desk to get the room number and key. I can't wait to see you. The surprises are just getting started!"

I never imagined she could be so mysterious. I watched as we traveled down the strip taking in all of the sights. The driver turned in to the entrance of the Bellagio and opened the door for me to exit. I tried to tip him but he refused and informed me that my wife had taken care of all the arrangements for him to be our personal driver for our stay. He was a tall, handsome man in his late 20's I'm guessing who introduced himself as Matt and gave me a strange smile like he knew things that I didn't.

After checking in and receiving the room key I hurried toward the elevator in anticipation of finding my wife waiting and ready to fuck. It was approaching 5:00 p.m. in Vegas with the time difference and I was excited to see what she had in store for us. I showed my room key at the elevator and rode it to the 27th floor. I walked down the hall and approached the room noticing that the do not disturb sign was on the door. I glanced back at the room number on the key jacket before unlocking and opening the door expecting to find my wife on the bed waiting.

As I opened the door I was welcomed with load moans and sounds of sex coming from inside the room. I paused at first afraid that I entered the wrong room. Then for a brief second I imagined it was my wife fulfilling my fantasy of her being with another man. Finally as I entered and shut the door behind me I realized that the sounds were coming from the TV. I laughed knowing that she did this on purpose to tease me. I looked on the bed and to my surprise and initial disappointment all I saw were clothes and another envelope.

"Surprise!! Lol. I bet you were hoping those noises were me getting fucked by a another man. Well no such luck yet."

"Enjoy the show for a minute and then jump in the shower and get dressed in the clothes I laid out. Matt will be downstairs at 6:00 p.m. ready to take you to find us."

"P.S. - He's pretty hot don't you think. I have to admit I may or may not have thought about him while I played with myself when I got to the room!! See you soon."

I sat there stunned and excited at the same time. I read the note again and was confused by her saying to find "us". At first I thought it was a mistake but the thought of the picture on the airplane kept running through my mind. Was someone traveling with her that took the picture? I had no idea what to expect.

I put the note down and glanced up to find two girls taking turns giving a guy a blowjob. They passed his cock back and forth each getting a chance to suck in his hard cock. I hopped up on the bed and watched the scene as the guy bent over one of the girls and fucked her while she ate out her friend. Multiple loud orgasms by both women later and switching positions just increase my level of excitement and I found myself pulling out my cock to slowly stroke it and enjoy as the man pulled out and came all over the ass of the girls he was fucking. 
