 This is part 2 of the story and picks up the next morning.

Jess went to the shower first and I let her get started before I joined her at the end of her shower. We playfully touched each other and kissed in the shower both smiling ear to ear from the night before. She told me to pace myself and exited the shower to get makeup on and get dressed for the morning. When I finished showering and shaving I got out and wrapped a towel around me before going to get dressed. I found my wife wearing jeans and a very revealing blouse that I hadn't seen before. She caught me staring and twirled around asking if I approved of her new shirt. I walked to her and opened my towel showing her how much I liked what she was wearing.

"Down boy. I told you to pace yourself today. You are going to need plenty of stamina if everything goes according to schedule."

With that she retreated to the bathroom to finish getting ready. I found my clothes hanging in the closet and got dressed and turned on the TV while I waited. I heard the door next door open and I had to hold myself back not to jump up and run out to the hall to catch of glimpse of this woman. I had a picture in my mind of how sexy she was and feared that I might find something different if I peeked so I decided to stay put.

Once Jess was ready she told me that we had the morning free to explore before meeting up with Sara and Kelsey for lunch. Matt was going to take us down to Mandalay Bay so we could start at one end of the strip and work our way back. When we exited the front doors Matt was waiting there with a warm smile to greet us. We slid in the back seat and as he drove down the strip Jess started talking to him:

"Did you get everyone transported safely back to their rooms last night?"

Matt looked in the mirror and shook his head while a big smile came over him.

"That's great. I'm sure they really appreciated you walking them all the way to their rooms. Since their husband's aren't here yet I wanted to make sure they were taken care of properly."

I began to sense that she was up to something. We were pulling into Mandalay Bay when he answered her.

"Of course. We walked Sara to her room and then I walked Kelsey down the hall and made sure she was taken care of before I clocked out for the night."

"Sounded to me like you did a great job of taking care of her!"

The driver laughed and opened the car door as my face turned red and I looked over at my wife. She just winked at me and exited out the door in front of me this time. I couldn't believe what was just revealed. Jess knew Kelsey was our neighbor and that our limo driver had eaten her pussy and fucked her to a loud screaming orgasm knowing that we were next door listening. I was sure that the connecting door on their side was open allowing us easy access to hear everything. I immediately became hard just thinking about it. 

As we entered the casino I turned to her and asked:

"You knew that was Matt and Kelsey fucking last night? How are we going to face Steven when he gets here knowing that his wife fucked another man?"

"Oh silly. Let's just say you don't have to worry about what Steven is going to think. He is the one who picked out the driver for us all weekend. Kelsey and Steven are very open sexually and he loves hearing about her being with other men."

She looked at me for approval to continue and I'm guessing the smile on my face showed her I wanted to hear more.

"Kelsey came up with the idea of fucking Matt last night and letting you hear. I told her how we used to love listening to other couples through the walls in college so she wanted to help make your birthday exciting. That's why I was so persistent that we keep the volume off the TV and listen. I knew when I heard the door open that she would be all over him in no time."

I walked around that whole morning in a state of shock and excitement as my mind continued to relive all of the evens from the day before. It all happened so fast and I began to feel a little sense of letdown fearing the vacation had peaked so early that there was no way it could get any better. Jess and I saw all of the sights on the south end of the strip and worked our way back toward the middle. Hand in hand we enjoyed spending relaxing time together just enjoying the day. I watched as groups of men would check out my wife and her body oblivious to the fact I was walking with her. I sensed she was enjoying the attention as I caught her making eye contact with many of the men as we passed them.

We made our way back to the Bellagio and Jess told me we needed to go up to the room to change before meeting the girls for lunch. I followed her orders and we made our way to the elevator. I was so turned on from the events of the evening prior and morning that as soon as the door shut to our room I took my wife in my arms and carried her to the bed. She put up a fake resistance at first.

"I told you to pace yourself didn't I? I don't want the girls to worry about us if we are late. Are you sure you want to do this because I'm pretty sure you will need your stamina for later."

I didn't answer as I pulled her pants off and began to finger her wet pussy. I wasted no time before pulling my pants down and thrusting my hard cock inside her. Her state of excitement must have been equal to mine as with only a few hard thrusts her eyes were rolling back in her head and her body went into orgasmic spasm. She let out a loud:

"OOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHH...FUUUUCKKKKKK...OHHHHHHH" 

I slowed my pace down allowing her to enjoy coming down slowly from an obviously much needed climax. We kissed passionately as I slowing let the length of my cock exit her pussy before thrusting it back in. I pulled her to the edge of the bed and stood on the ground to continue fucking her while staring into her eyes. We began to talk about fucking other people like we sometimes do as I continued to fuck her.

"I bet you are enjoying all these guys checking you out aren't you? I love how you are dressing and drawing attention to your gorgeous body! I want to watch you fuck someone so bad."

"Can't you tell how turned on it makes me? I started to cum before you even got inside me!! Be careful what you wish for. I think there might be a few good looking guys who might want a chance to fuck me."

I felt my cock twitch as an added level of excitement hit me hearing my wife talk about fucking other men. She continued.

"I have to admit hearing what Matt did to Kelsey last night got me really turned on. I can't wait to talk to her and get all the details on how good he was. I bet you would like a chance to make Kelsey moan like that wouldn't you?"

I had increased my pace and rhythm as the excitement continued to build with her talking dirty to me like this. Hearing her excitement over our driver and putting the image of me fucking Kelsey in my mind was becoming more than I could handle.

"Show me how you would fuck her. Imagine bending her over with that sexy ass in front of you and fucking her hard and making her cum."

I was fucking her hard and fast ready as a huge orgasm built up. Her moans became louder and her breathing sped up.

"Oh yes...make her cum...cum inside her pussy...OOOOHHHH...FFFUCCCK".

Jess's legs wrapped around me and her body tensed as she hit climax and sent me over the edge as I came deep inside her. I looked down at her and she smiled and said.

"I think we both liked the idea of you fucking Kelsey. I know I did. Now let's take a quick shower and get our bathing suits on. Sara and Kelsey are by the pool wondering where we are." 

We showered and freshened up before putting on bathing suits. Jess put on a sexy two piece suit that barely covered her huge breasts and a skimpy thong bikini bottom. She slipped on a classy cover up and we headed to the elevators. Once we made it to the pool area we saw Kelsey and Sara sitting in lounge chairs with drinks in hand. I noticed a few men strategically placed around the pool with sunglasses on and laughed to myself knowing they were trying to hide the fact that they were checking them out. I felt like a rockstar as we approached and both of these sexy women jumped up to greet us.

Sara had a sexy black two piece suit that showed off her toned legs and abs. Her breasts were not big but her body was toned and she exuded sexiness. She greeted me first while Kelsey and Jess hugged and whispered back and forth to each other. Sara pressed her bare skin against me as we embraced. She immediately told me I was overdressed and started to take off my shirt for me. I stood there both embarrassed and turned on having her take it off and expose my shaved chest. She playfully whirled it around over her head and tossed it to the side.

"That's more like it. Now we need to help your wife out of her clothes too."

She moved toward Jess as Kelsey swapped places with her. Kelsey was wearing a yellow bikini that showed off her perky tits and barely covered any of her ass allowing a perfect view of her body. She surprised me and jumped into my arms and wrapped her legs around my waist. She leaned toward me and whispered in my ear.

"I hope you enjoyed listening to Matt fuck me last night. I can't wait for the rest of the weekend. I hope you are ready."

With that she kissed and gently bit my earlobe before blowing softly in my ear. I felt blood flow rush to my cock as she slid her legs off my waist and let her body slide down mine.

I looked over at Jess afraid that she may have been watching and I didn't want to step over the line. To my surprise her cover up was off and she and Sarah were both staring at me smiling from watching Kelsey tease me. Jess winked at me before we pulled our loungers together and prepared to order lunch and drinks by the pool.

We ordered food and enjoyed drinks and conversation that became flirtatious at times and naughty others. Jess seemed to be just as interested in flirting and being naughty as the other two which I found to be an extreme turn on. At one point the topic of cock size came up which made me almost spit my drink out in shock. Sara started the conversation:

"Ok girls. I have had an argument with some of my other friends about the importance of cock size in pleasuring a woman. My feeling is that if you say size doesn't matter then you haven't ever had a big cock inside you!!"

All of the girls laughed and held up their drinks to cheers to big cocks! Sara continued:

"I know we have all shared stories with each other and seem to all be lucky that our men are well endowed. But outside of your husband who has the biggest cock that you have been with?"

I couldn't believe what was happening. I sat there in shock and awe as I listened to "girl talk" that I thought only existed in fantasy land. To my surprise my wife was the next to jump in on the conversation. Without hesitation she chimed in:

"My boyfriend Jeff that I dated before my husband for sure! He had a nice thick cock and definitely knew how to use it."

She looked over at me and I saw how turned on she was knowing that I was enjoying everything. Sara was the mediator and followed up with a question for her:

"When and where was the last time you felt that big cock inside you? And give us a visual picture of how thick it was."

Unbelievably my wife didn't even blink an eye or hesitate in answering. She reached over to the table next to me and picked up my empty beer bottle. She wrapped her hands around the base of the bottle and smiled ear to ear as she said:

"This seems about right on the size! And the last time I fucked Jeff was at his apartment over Christmas break of my sophomore year in college."

She glanced over at me knowing that I caught what she said. We had started dating in November of her sophomore year so she had just admitted that she fucked her ex-boyfriend while we were dating. Rather than getting mad or jealous I found this as a big turn on and couldn't wait to hear more details so I chimed in with a playful tone.

"Wait a minute. We were dating over Christmas break of our sophomore year. When exactly did this happen? Sounds like you have a lot of explaining to do!"

"Well let's just say that you chose to go out and get drunk with your buddies one night and Jeff happened to text me checking on me. One text led to another and I ended up in his bed riding him before he bent me over and fucked me hard and came in my pussy."

I felt a genuine rush of excitement and lost track of the fact that anyone else was listening in on our conversation. She continued.

"You stumbled in at about 1:00 a.m. and I had come back and was asleep in your rack. You were horny and wanted to fuck me but I resisted at first knowing that I had just fucked Jeff and let him cum inside me. But you were very persistent. I got so turned on fucking you after I had been with him that I lost control and screamed so loud that your pledge brothers who lived next to us still tease us to this day."

I knew exactly what night she was talking about because my friends do tease us about that all the time. I couldn't believe getting fucked by someone else earlier in the night was what caused her to lose control.

Kelsey couldn't stay quiet any longer:

"Oh my gosh you two. Why don't you get a room already! You already were late to lunch because you couldn't resist fucking."

We all laughed and Kelsey decided to answer Sara's question from ealier:

"Although I have been with a few men with large cocks I recently experienced the biggest one that I have ever been with. His big cock stretched my pussy and sent waves of orgasm through my body when he fucked me."

Again Sara followed up to get the juicy details:

"Recently?? You naughty minx. Please do tell who and when you fucked this big cock."

Kelsey replied:

"Last night after we dropped you off at your room Matt walked me to mine. I pulled him into the room and seduced him. I had left the connecting door open and told Jess what I planned to do. I wanted them to hear me get fucked. I had no idea his cock was going to be so big and I got a little louder and crazier than I expected!"

The girls all laughed together and Jess turned to Sara and requested her answer the question:

"The biggest cock and hottest sex experience I have had both happened together. I had a threesome with the hottest couple. He had the biggest cock and she was gorgeous with big tits. It was the first time I was kissed and eaten out by a woman. I honestly am not sure which one was better. His big cock or her tongue on my clit."

Jess took over the role of asking follow up questions:

"Well please tell us who this mystery couple was and when this happened?" 

Sara looked at me and smiled while she answered the question:

"I think you met them on your flight to Vegas. James and Paige are in our dinner group with Kelsey. One night after dinner they came over to our house for drinks and one thing led to another."

My jaw may have hit the floor when I heard this. I quickly looked over at Jess who was laughing uncontrollably. She set me up on the plane and was now enjoying watching me react to Sara's revelation. Kelsey took over the questioning while Jess composed herself:

"Does Jay know?"

Sara laughed and answered.

"Does he know? Of course he does. Who do you think was holding the video camera so we could capture all the action? Trust me he enjoyed his time with Paige after I finished James off."

As if nothing had just happened the women all decided to retreat to the ladies room to freshen up before we left the pool area leaving me flushed, excited, confused, and many other emotions. I had no idea what was going to happen during the weekend but I was ready to find out. I chuckled at the thought that I had earlier feared that the sexual energy had peaked on the first day. 

We all gathered our things and went to our rooms to get showered and rest before the evenings activities. Jess and I got to our room and I immediately wanted to rip off her bikini and go for round two. This time she denied me and told me that I had to save up for later. She instructed me to go shower and she would get some clothes laid out for me. We had about three hours until we needed to leave for dinner and she wanted me to go play blackjack or whatever I wanted to do while she got ready. 

I showered and came out to find my clothes laid out but Jess nowhere in sight. She had scribbled a note and left on the bed for me.

"I grabbed by clothes and makeup bag. Went to Sara's room so we could all hang out and get ready together. I'll text you later. Have fun and stay out of trouble!"

After getting dressed I headed down to the casino to scope things out. I found a $10 blackjack table with only a couple other people at it so I joined in. I won some and lost some for about an hour or so while I had a couple free drinks courtesy of Bellagio. I cashed out and ended up $10 ahead so I figured I would chalk it up as a win. Still figuring I had quite a bit of time left before meeting up with the others I decided to head to the bar for a drink or two and relax.

While checking work emails and enjoying a cold beer a message popped up from my wife. I opened it and read:

"Hope you are having fun and didn't lose all our money. Let me know when you aren't playing and are somewhere I can send you a pic for your eyes only."

I immediately replied back that I cashed out about even and decided to sit at the bar. Told her to send whatever she had!

I stared at my phone for what seemed like an eternity waiting before finally the message arrived. I made sure nobody was standing behind me and opened the picture to see what it was. I went into sexual overload at first as I took in the reality of the picture and studied every inch of the picture

All three women were completely naked and on the bed. Jess was on her back with her head on the pillow by the headboard. Sara was closest to the camera showing a side profile of her sucking on Jess's right nipple while her right hand cupped Jess's left breast. Jess's head was turned to the side with her eyes closed in pleasure. As I continued to look at the picture I was shocked to see my wife's right hand underneath Sara with two fingers in her pussy.

Moving farther down Jess's body I found Kelsey with her hair flipped to the opposite side allowing full access to see the left side of her face and her tongue extended touching my wife's clit. Her breasts hung down beautifully while she kneeled on all fours with her gorgeous ass in the air. Her right hand was tucked underneath her hinting at the fact that she was fingering herself while she ate my wife's pussy.

Another message had come in shortly after the picture so I opened it hoping for more.

"Even if you didn't hit the jackpot I'm pretty sure I did. I had no idea girl time could be so much fun."

"Want another picture or two? You have to promise not to be jealous!!"

I couldn't believe what was happening. My wife was having a sexual awakening upstairs and sending me picture proof. I was so turned on and excited and immediately texted her back to send me what she had and added that the naughtier the better.

I stared at my phone in anticipation as two pictures were being downloaded. The first one completed and I brought it up on my screen. I almost fell out of my chair when I saw the picture. There was a man now in the picture completely naked and visible from the chest down. My wife was on her knees next to the bed in front of him with her mouth and hand wrapped around his huge cock. Her eyes were looking toward the camera and I could see the excitement in her eyes. The sight of her with another man's cock in her mouth was unbelievably exciting.

Anxiously I swiped over to the next picture wondering what I would find. The next picture was from a little farther away showing the man now completely as he was standing next to the edge of the bed. I recognized him immediately as our driver, Matt. Sara was lying on the bed and Matt had her legs resting on his shoulders as his cock was deep inside her pussy. Kelsey and Matt were kissing as she sat on top of Sara's face and leaned forward to allow the camera to capture Sara's tongue eating her pussy.
