 We stumbled into her flat, our tongues wrestling and hands groping. Alcohol flowed through our bodies causing us to throw caution to the wind. I could feel my cock growing hard as she pulled at my jeans, popping the buttons open and sliding her hand around my shaft.

I moaned lightly as she pulled my cock free and began to stroke it lightly right there in her living room. Her teeth nibbling at my lips, causing me both pain and pleasure.

"Take it all off and sit down." She commanded.

I backed away with a grin and began clumsily tugging off my clothes, trying to watch her as her fingers slipped beneath the waist of her mini skirt. 

"Very nice." I said, taking a seat on her couch, rubbing my cock slowly as I watched her hitch up her skirt, turning it into what could only be described as a very seductive belt. 

"Comfortable?" She asked with a wink, tugging her thong down over her thighs and letting it slide down to her ankles. Shaved red hair greeted me, sending my cock crazy.

"I'm about to be."

I watched her as she stepped towards me. Jenny, her short fiery red hair framed her pretty face, dark blue eyes and a tiny button nose with nose stud and lips that never stopped smiling. She was medium height and slender. A tight t-shirt hugged her larger than average breasts, her erect nipples straining against the fabric. Her legs were long and bare, only a pair of ankle high boots covering them now.

We'd met two weeks ago on the train home from work and hit it off straight away. From then we'd exchanged texts and a few phone calls that had gradually grown more suggestive and finally tonight we had met for drinks.

"How do you want me baby?" I heard Jenny whisper in my ear.

She stood in front of me, bent over so her lips were practically touching my ear. My cock twitched with excitement.

"I just want you!"

She smiled at that, realising she had complete control over me. Her knees slid onto the couch, one on either side of me. She placed one hand on my shoulder, the other wrapped around my shaft as she lowered herself onto it. 

We both moaned loudly as her warmth engulfed me. There was resistance at first but she was so wet that my cock slid deep inside her. Moments later her hips were grinding against me sending us both into a frenzy. She held both my shoulders as she rode me, moaning louder and louder. My hands tugged at her t-shirt, attempting to pull it from her, tearing it in the process.

"Bad boy!" She said playfully, her breasts finally on display for me to see.

I leaned forward and gave each nipple a gentle bite causing her to gasp each time. My hands slid under her, supporting her arse. I stood, lifting her with me and turning so that it was her who lay on the couch and me on top of her.

She moaned beneath me, her legs wrapping around me and pulling me deeper. My cock slid harder and faster, pounding her hard. We both moaned in ecstasy. I could feel my balls begin to empty, the warm cum shooting from my hard shaft to fill her. My body went limp as she cried out with pleasure, giving my neck a playful bite.

"That was amazing." She said.

"It really was quite a show." A males voice said from across the room.

I looked up in shock and saw a male and female stood together at the far side of the room. Both were completely naked, a tall slim male with short dark hair and a tall slender blonde.

"Who the hell are you?" I demanded. "How long have you been there?" I asked, suddenly embarrassed.

"My names Paul and this is Claire." The male said. It was only then that I noticed that the woman, Claire, was stroking his erect cock whiles pleasuring herself at the same time.

"My room mates." Jenny explained beneath me. "My apparently perverted room mates!"

"You were both so loud that we couldn't resist coming to see what the fuss was about." Claire giggled.

"Besides we are all just having a bit of harmless fun." Paul added, grinning at me.

Despite myself I could feel my cock growing hard again. I was still inside Jenny who's pussy suddenly tightened around me.

"Ok, this is just odd." I said.

Claire smiled at me. "How odd would you like it to go?" She asked, giggling again. I stared at her for a moment, her pussy was completely shaved and her hair fell to her shoulders in waves. She was certainly something to admire.

"What do you say Jen?" Paul asked. "Can your man come out to play?"

I looked down at Jenny who was grinning wickedly up at me. For some reason that only spurred me on.

"Well It would be rude not to I guess." I replied, winking at Jenny.

"Come on in to our room then." Paul said.

Both Paul and Claire stopped pleasuring one another and led the way to their room. Reluctantly I pulled my cock from inside of Jenny and stood up and followed the couple into their room.

"Lay down Jenny, let me clean you up." I heard Claire say. Jenny stepped from my side and climbed onto the double bed in front of us, laying down on her back. I watched as Claire followed her, sliding on top of Jenny and kissing her breasts lightly. My cock was rock hard as I watched the women. Claire's lips kissed their way down Jenny's body, eventually resting against her pussy. I began to stroke myself as Jenny moaned loudly, her body spasming in pleasure against Claire's tongue.

"Want a hand mate?" I heard Paul ask.

I looked across at him and saw him staring at my hard cock. I was shocked at first but curiosity soon got the better of me.

"Go ahead." I replied.

I felt his hand wrap around my cock and begin to toss me off. I returned the favor, wrapping my hand around his. It was on odd feeling but certainly not bad. We stood there watching the girls enjoy each other for a while before they noticed us both stood there.

"Having fun boys?" Jenny asked.

"We've been a little bit neglectful. You." Claire said, pointing at me. "Come here."

I didn't need to be told twice. I climbed onto the bed and lay beside Jenny, watching as Claire wrapped her lips around my cock. I moaned loudly as she took me deep into her mouth, engulfing my shaft right down to the balls.

"Damn thats amazing!" I cried.

Jenny grinned at me and lowered her lips to mine. We kissed passionately as Claire worked on my cock. The pleasure was amazing. Jenny pulled her lips from mine. She climbed onto my chest and moved to position her thighs above my face. I waited eagerly as she lowered her pussy down onto my lips, my tongue darting eagerly to pleasure her.

I could hear her moaning as her pussy pressed against my lips, her fingers running through my hair as her hips rocked. Her moans turned to screams as my tongue worked against her clit, causing the wetness of her pussy to run down my cheeks.

My cock was momentarily abandoned as Claire switched positions. Instead of her mouth my cock was now pleasured by her tight shaven pussy. I could hear her screaming as she rode me. I could feel her rising and falling, slamming herself hard against my shaft. The pleasure of it was almost too much.

Just before I could climax I felt Claire slide off me and wrap her lips around my shaft once again. Jenny's pussy pressed against my lips, demanding attention. I could feel her begin to come, the taste was magnificent. My balls begin to release into Claire's mouth, my hot cum flooding into her and down the back of her throat. My cries were muffled beneath Jenny.

Jenny climbed from me. I lifted my head slightly to smile down at Claire, only then noticing she lay beside me, her fingers rubbing against her clit as she watched Paul, my cock deep in his mouth as he finished me off. The shock was almost too much but soon the pleasure drowned that out. Instead I lay there and watched him, oddly aroused by what had happened. "How was that mate?" Paul asked, looking up at me.

"Oddly fantastic." I replied.

"Fancy giving it a go yourself?"

I nodded, I wanted to refuse but at the same time I didn't. I watched as Paul crawled along the bed, he was soon kneeling beside where I lay, his erect cock only centimeters from my mouth. I gasped as I felt Claire take me inside of her mouth again. She was soon joined by Jenny and both the girls tongues ran across my shaft.

I moaned as my cock stiffened then parted my lips, taking Paul's cock between them. He was rock hard as his cock slid into my mouth, the head was warm and sweet. I savored the taste, working my lips over his shaft. I wrapped my hand around the base of his shaft and began to stroke him while my mouth dealt with the rest.

I could hear him moaning and could taste the pre cum. It was salty but it didn't put me off. Instead I worked harder, taking more of him into my mouth until I almost gagged. His moans grew louder, eventually turning into cries as his balls emptied. I could feel the cum flooding into my mouth and down my throat. I kept him in my mouth, determined to swallow every drop.

By the time he was finished Paul collapsed beside me on the bed, watching as the girls worked my cock. It was Jenny's turn to ride me.

"That was good mate!" Paul said.

"Not too good I hope!" Claire said playfully, moving around the bed and climbing on top of Paul.

"Of course not babe." He told the blonde as she took him inside of her.

We lay there, Jenny riding me and Claire riding Paul. I felt as though I was living out all kinds of fantasies as I watched the girls.

"Come here." Claire called to me. She'd turned around and now rode Paul reverse cowboy.

Jenny climbed off me, once again shooting me one of her wicked grins. I stood up and went to the end of the bed where Claire wanted me.

"Kiss me." she commanded.

I obeyed, my tongue passing between her lips as she took my cock in her hand. We stayed like that for a few moments. Then her free hand grabbed my arse and pulled me forward. I looked at her shocked as I realised what she was doing. She rode Paul reverse cowboy, facing me. His knees were parted and she was guiding me to his arse.

"You know you want it." She said seductively.

She wasn't lying, I did want it. My cock was so hard with the thought. My hips moved forward and my cock pressed lightly against Paul's arse. "You'll need to be a little more forceful than that mate!" I heard Paul shout up to me.

I pressed harder and felt myself penetrate him. It was so tight but my cock gradually found its way. I rocked backwards and forwards, slowly sliding deeper inside of him. Eventually I was as deep as I could go. Claire leaned forward and kissed me deeply as I began to fuck Paul.

I could hear him crying out as I pounded him and Claire rode him. My balls slapped against his bare arse, threatening to fill him with my cum. His cried grew so loud and I could feel his body shake with his orgasm. It was enough to send me over the edge. My body erupted and I felt as though I would collapse.

I pulled out of Paul and lay beside him. Jenny lay down next to me and lay her head on my chest while Claire collapsed tiredly on top of Paul. We lay there in silence, savouring the moment.

It was Jenny who broke the silence. 

"Well, what's next then?" She asked with the most wicked grin I'd seen yet.