 I hadn't seen Steve or Madison much over the last 4 years through the natural barriers of their child-focussed life, our busy careers and my tendency to move cities when my feet get itchy.

Their Christmas parties had always been generously supplied with good conversation, great food and even better Champagne. This year's theme was white and gold, favouring my simple but (I think) effective combination of linen trousers and white v-neck T with a touch of tinsel at the pocket. For Australian summer, it was a cold night but I was confident I'd get through the evening with the help of a few bubbly beverages to warm my blood.

Being single, I had initial thoughts that I could end up feeling like each couple's third wheel as I assumed their other guests would come in pairs but I simply decided to have a good time and ignore any initial social discomfort.

So, turning up to Steve and Madi's door with alcoholic gift in hand, I was excited to see where the night would take me.

I arrived on time as I usually do and found Steve and Madi already in a festive mood. Big hugs from both and a lingering kiss from Madi made me feel that I should make more effort to catch up with these guys.

I met the first of the gathered couples, Dan and his wife Ellie who I noticed were dressed to impress with obvious care taken by both. Ellie, a tall blonde-haired athletic type, was wearing a lacy, form-fitting dress that I could't help see was designed to show maximum cleavage without actually spilling her nipples into the night air. I took notice.

Next to them were Jamal and Lidia, again looking very polished and again, I couldn't help notice were wearing clothes that I wouldn't normally expect at a suburban Christmas party. Jamal, an attractive and muscular black man was wearing a v-necked white shirt with alternated horizontal stripes of concealing and revealing fabric. His obviously gym-invested body was unequivocally on show. I have to admit that my internal reaction was partly admiring but also disdainful of his choice of Christmas shirt. Okay, I left out jealous if I'm being completely honest.

Lidia was just as revealing but I appreciated every inch of her with nothing but admiration — no, again I have to be honest — also pure lust. She wore a tight fitting, short cut dress which had holes down the sides exposing her sun-kissed skin and the off-the-shoulder top rose just above the nipple line and seemed to defy physics by staying there. Every little movement I was sure would expose her to us all and I wanted that badly. I had to check myself and make sure I was careful when looking at Lidia because I knew that my eyes would return to her and I didn't want any drama.

Next were Olivia and Mike. I was noticing a pattern by now. They too were dressed outrageously for a humble Christmas party — actually they looked as if they had just walked off the set of a 50 Cent rap video; but they owned it to the point that I quickly accepted it as a normal part of their personality and just internally smiled and rolled my eyes.

And then there was a lovely (thankfully) solo woman, Angela - finally someone else who appeared to be single. And wow was she amazing! Stunning body, warm sexy smile and fiendishly cheeky eyes. She wore a relatively simple white dress fairly high above the knee with lacy edges and flowing up to a cleavage-enhancing cut which might, at any other Christmas party, be called racy. Above that she wore a diamante choker which I found my yes returning to often. Actually my eyes were all over her to be honest. She had a radiating sexuality that seemed completely natural and very powerful. I found myself hoping that she would bend forward or that her dress would hitch up her thigh and reveal some panties....or none...

We had dinner in a completely covered outdoor area which extended to a deck above the pool. The night was unseasonably cool and Steve had mentioned that he had hired outdoor heaters for the occasion which I found strange, since it wasn't forecast to be uncomfortably cool and there was plenty of room inside if we needed to get warm.

Dinner was light but delicious and the bubbly flowed free. Steve had sparked up the heaters and it was almost too warm. We sat in long high-backed outdoor lounges with soft cushions. The chatter was occasionally punctuated by a giggle or lulled with a noticeable number of whispers into ears. We were all getting loose and in the few moments I wasn't looking at Angela, I found my eyes straying around the group. I realised that my eyes were straying to Lidia's thighs which, though knees together, were almost entirely revealed by her riding short skirt. Then slowly she parted her legs and slightly leaned back in the lounge-like chairs. I couldn't look away - I wanted to see and she wanted me to see. The skirt was helped up more by her fingers and in the relatively bright lighting I could see that she wasn't wearing underwear and her shaven pussy seemed almost cheeky as she moved her legs in a slight butterfly movement. I gulped air a little and closed my eyes before looking at Lidia's face and to see if Jamal had noticed. When I opened my eyes and looked, Jamal was grinning and Lidia had a cheeky smile. I was shocked and exhilarated but had to get my head around what just happened.

After discreetly waiting for my hard cock to calm down, I thought this might be a good time to shift over to the now empty spot next to Angela. She smelled so good and I found myself a little shy at first speaking to her. After generalities, during which I stole as many looks at her neck, and cleavage as I could, almost straining to catch a sight of her nipples, as I was by this time extremely attracted to Angela. I suddenly asked her in a low voice "Have you noticed anything different about this Christmas party".

She looked at me and with a cheeky smile said, "you mean the atmosphere of sex?", "Yep, I got that too".

Immediately I smiled back and said, "I'm glad I'm not imagining it and I'm sure I didn't imagine Lidia's hitching her skirt up to flash me!".

I was expecting and hoping to shock Angela but again that cheeky smile appeared before she said, "nor did I when Mike put his hand down Olivia's thighs and rubbed her pussy while smiling at me the whole time".

I was the shocked one, half-laughing, half open-mouthed with surprise both at what Angela told me and the way she said it. It was a huge turn-on that she said that to me so openly and with that cheeky smile. I was hard, no question, rock hard, thinking about this cheeky Angela and how that smile would look when she was completely naked.

Angela's body language had opened completely and she now faced towards me sitting sideways on the lounge with one leg up and tucked and the other on the floor. It was then that I noticed that she had hitched her skirt up too and I could see her inner thighs. I almost panted but kept my cool and wondered if she was watching my reaction. Then I didn't have to wonder as she pulled the skirt further back and now I could see that she wasn't wearing anything underneath and I could see her lovely shaved pussy. I dragged my eyes away (eventually) to see what her eyes held and when I did I found that she was looking squarely at the now prominent bulge of my raging hard-on. She slowly looked up at me after unashamedly getting her fill and smiled at me with just the hint of a blush. Fuck I wanted her right then! I'd never been so turned on in public like that.

Finally I controlled my breathing enough to say "Best. Christmas party. Ever" to which she threw her head back and laughed and said, "I know! I don't know what's happening but I want to know where it all ends up".

The music had been simply background stuff but then I noticed the sound go up and noticed that Steve had his phone and was changing something on the music. He pressed something and then put the phone down and laughed with Madi, who was biting her lip and looking intensely at him. He then got up and moved to the opposite end of the couch next to Ellie. A new song started playing and I recognised it from some deep recess of my musical memory as 'Teamwork' by Ludacris.

That's when it got very real!

Every person there except Angela and I started kissing each other. They were each positioned so that they were boy-girl-boy-girl-boy-girl and with Steve on one end and Madi on the other, everyone was kissing someone who was not their partner!

On some level I was not the least surprised but on another I was shocked to the point of not moving a muscle. Eventually I slowly spun my head to look at Angela as she had similarly turned her eyes to me. I saw a reflection of what I felt but I also saw something slowly come over her face — the only way I can describe it is like watching a fire grow from a spark to ember and then to licks of burning flame. She looked at me with hunger and I knew I looked the same to her. We almost launched at each other in a deep kiss and grasping hands. I reached my hand around Angela's back and pulled her towards me. Not close enough though. I needed to be pressed against her. I needed her to feel what she did to me. To feel my hard cock against her and know that it was for her.

Angela pulled at my shirt graspingly as if her hands were not controlled by her mind. They pulled and then pushed and eventually her hand found my skin. She put her hands on my chest and scraped fingernails over my tense muscles.

She moved down to my pants and through them got a grip on my cock and squeezed so that she could feel as much of it in her hand as possible. I reached my left hand behind her neck and grabbing her by the nape pulled her hair to expose her neck to my kiss. With my other hand I found her knee and slid it up towards her thigh. My pulse quickened even more when she parted her legs and pushed forward so I could find her mound and move down to firmly, insistently but softly rub her from her now obvious wetness to her clit. We both needed more but the couch wouldn't allow it. Suddenly we momentarily realised that we weren't alone. This brief moment of realisation seemed to stretch minutes as around us we saw writhing, already naked bodies. They made no pause. There were no blushes. They were just beautiful animals devouring each other.

We saw Steve's head moving between Ellie's legs and with her head thrown back she was licking her husband's balls while he slowly slid his cock in and out of Lidia. She was preoccupied with her own clit as she arched her back to take Dan's full length inside her but she still hungrily watched her husband as his cock was in Olivia's mouth. She seemed to be making love with her mouth to Jamal's intimidatingly large cock as he was on his knees while she, on all fours, savoured it without being in a hurry for him to finish. She would also become momentarily distracted when she edged near her own orgasm which was teasingly held back by Madi whose mouth was on her pussy from below where she was licking hungrily at her clit and then fingering her deeply and rhythmically. When not sucking Olivia's clit she would stare at her beautiful pussy as if drinking in the sight of it as she fingered her friend and gripped her thigh to near pain. She too would sometimes close her eyes in order to feel everything through her own pussy as Mike fucked her deep and slow, almost seemingly to the beat of the music. He was fixated on watching his wife trying to take all of Jamal in her mouth while being licked by the woman who was writhing against his slowly thrusting cock.

All this Angela and I processed in a stretched instant and when I looked around an eternity later I found Angela staring back at me, not seeming to breathe, like she was waiting with what they used to call 'bated breath'. Almost as soon as my head completely faced her we lunged at each other again and tore at eachother's clothes. This time we were intent on there being nothing between us. Seconds later we were locked together on the couch. Not close enough we stood up so I could press my cock against her and feel her breasts touching my skin. I could smell her fucking amazing aroma and it near drove me wild. I didn't know if I had a plan before then but when I caught her scent there was only one thing I wanted right then. I pushed her down on the couch and spread Angela's legs. I had to restrain myself because I wanted to experience everything fully. I kissed her inner thigh and the crease next to her pussy, driving myself fucking crazy with the desire to dive inside her.

I teased for a few seconds only but I could feel Angela squirm with her own deep hunger. I knew she needed my tongue. I grabbed both her inner thighs from below and pushed her legs back and lightly licked her lips from her incredible wetness to her waiting clit. I had to go back and this time I licked deeply and truly tasted her. I lingered and drove my tongue inside her again and again. I knew where she needed me now and I firmly divided her lips with my tongue's slow movement upwards till I came to circle her clit. She arched and moaned and grabbed my hair. She held me tightly there and I took her clit between my lips and pushing back her folds I sucked Angela's clit. I could feel her building and I didn't stop. I knew this would be the first but not only, so I gave her two fingers and stroked her firmly as I sucked her clit. She wriggled and writhed as my fingers moved inside her. At last I knew that I needed to quicken. Angela grabbed my face and fucked it as she moaned deeply and bucked with the pulsing orgasm that ran though her. Her hands fell away from my hair and she lay there panting and occasionally quivering. I loved seeing her quiver. It made my cock so hard. I moved closer to her and I held my cock and gently teased her extremely wet lips. Angela quivered again. I gently explored her whole pussy with the end of my cock. I was in no hurry, I loved every millimetre I traversed and felt every slippery sensation through my hard cock.

After some minutes she opened her eyes and without getting up she stretched her head forward so she could watch what I was doing. She watched every pass up and down and from side to side till her mouth opened with a charming gaping smile. Then she reached and held my cock and took over. She directed me around and down and up and down again till she hovered my head over her wetness and slid herself down and onto it. Just inside now we were neither of us in a hurry. I rocked back and forth slowly, getting deeper with each rocking movement. Angela began to breath more deeply and push herself further so as to get more of my hardness inside her. I obeyed and pushed that little bit deeper and little bit faster. When I was almost inside her I pushed all the way in and held deep there and she gasped when she felt the complete fullness of me. 

I drew back and then slowly moved back and forth. I wanted to feel everything down the whole length of my cock. I wanted her to feel every movement of me inside her. I sped up and drove deeper. Angela looked into my eyes with an expression of deep animalistic hunger — an ancient look. I moved my hand behind her head and firmly gripped her hair as I slid harder and deeper and I could hear myself slapping against her gorgeous skin. That ancient look deepened as we rode each other together. Our eyes were locked and nothing could distract us from our need. I moved the angle of my cock so it would slide hard against the roof of her pussy. I needed her to cum with me. She responded with a catch in her breath and I knew I was where she wanted. My cock got impossibly harder again as I bent it to her spot. She arched and I almost growled as I could feel it ready inside me. Deeper and faster again and as she almost seemed ready to pass out I could feel the pumping electricity flow through my cock and as I felt myself explode inside her, I saw the very second her eyes opened wide as she felt my gushing orgasm and her own immediate quivering orgasm came as she bucked and thrust herself onto me to control the last of her climax. She eased down slowly, still quivering to milk the last of the sensation, me still inside her, the broad smile already on my face.

We looked at each other and she weakly smiled at me with eyes still glazed and far away but returning. She matched my grin and then we looked around. We saw that all the partners were back together and snuggled naked in different positions of content.

Jamal nodded with a smile, Lidia twinkled, Ellie sat on Dan's lap and beamed while Dan kissed her cheek, Mike held up devil horns with a grin while Olivia gently elbowed his ribs and Steve looked genuinely proud and happy while Madi honestly had tears in her eyes.

Angela and I looked at each other and laughed. I stood up pulled her up by the hand and bowed while Angela took my cue and curtsied. We all laughed and poured another glass of bubbly!

Best.Christmas party.EVER