 Epilog by Saber6

After just a light knock, he answers and opens the door. I smile and say, "I am sorry for being late." 

He just sort of sneers at me, telling me to be quiet... "I don't want to hear your lame excuses. Get your ass undressed and lay down on the bed, on your back."

I do as instructed, quickly shedding my tight jeans and crop top, along with my bra and panties. I lay down on the bed, on my back, not knowing quite what to expect. He immediately begins to tie me down, first one arm, then the other. He is tying them a little tighter than usual, but when I try to complain, he just pulls the strap that much tighter, saying to me, "Keep it up and I will tie you so tight, your hands won't have any circulation to them." With that comment, I decide it was best to stay quiet. 

He then jerks my legs apart, securing each of them with a tight strap as well. With the way he has me tied, there is no way of getting loose. Then, for the last topper, he places a blindfold over my eyes, so now I can't even see what he is up to.

I lay there for what seems like forever, unable to see anything and not hearing any movement in the room. After a while, I can hear a zipper being unzipped, the removal of shoes and the dropping of jeans to the floor. I can also hear him removing his shirt and underwear, so I am assuming he is standing there naked. 

He comes over to the bed and sits on the edge, lightly tracing the outline of my ribs as I lay there. He bends over and kisses me hard on the lips, driving his tongue deep into the recesses of my mouth. He knows how I love to be kissed hard, but not quite that hard. But, I don't say anything. 

He then begins kissing my ears, neck and shoulders. From how hard some of the kisses are, I know he is leaving marks. Knowing that makes me think of my days back in high school, when I always seemed to have hickeys left all over my neck after a hot weekend. He must be able to tell what I'm thinking because he says... "I know you like to act like a slut, so you may as well look like one too". 

With that and my encouraging moans, he proceeds down my body with his lips and mouth. Soon he's sucking hard on one tit, then the other; going back and forth. He reaches down between my wide spread legs and starts playing with my pussy; running two fingers up and down the already wet slit, teasing the hardening clit as they go by. 

He inserts one finger deep into my already quivering pussy, eliciting a slight moan from me. He responds by saying, "HMMMM, so you like that, do ya? Let's see what happens when we add a couple more." With that, he inserts a second, then 3rd finger deep into my cunt. Well, what can I say, other than it feels just wonderful. He continues to finger-fuck me with 3 fingers until I am quite wet and very hot. Now he surprises me by adding a 4th finger, while using his thumb to massage my clit. Well, needless to say, he has me at the point of total ecstasy in a very short period of time. It isn't long before I'm thrashing all over the bed, as best I could, considering the restraints are quite tight. He keeps fucking my cunt with the majority of his hand while stimulating the clit with his thumb. "AWWWWWWWWWW god, I'm going to cummmmmmmmm... yessssssss... cummmming... awwwww sooo fucking harrrrrrdd" 

By now, I am thrashing all over the bed, thrusting my hips; wanting more, while also wanting away from this source of incredible sensations. Removing his hand from deep in my pussy, he starts to eat my cunt instead. This elicits direct screams of absolute ecstasy and begging for him to stop. He stops, just to immediately impale me with his very hard cock; fucking me fast and hard, deep as he can go with his monster cock. 

My cunt is now so hot, I'm not sure how much more I can take, but know that I have to continue to beg him to fuck me hard and fast with his big hard cock. "Yeah baby, you just keep fucking your slut with that cock of yours. You know I can never get enough of it from you. Fuck me good and hard, just like you would fuck any whore that you would pick up from the street. Fuck me like the whore I am... you know how much I love being your fucking slut." 

With this, I can feel his cock tightening up, getting harder and starts spewing his hot cum deep inside my equally hot pussy. I can feel it squirting deep inside me, filling me up with all those love juices. He holds me tightly while emptying the semen from his balls deep inside me. 

Suddenly, he jerks his cock out from inside me. Considering that I am still tied up and can't do anything to stop him, he brings his cock to my face and shoves it at my mouth "Clean up your mess you fucking cunt... this is what you wanted anyway, isn't it?"

With this, I eagerly take his cock into my mouth, cleaning up the combination of his cum mixed with mine. He is so very right; this is exactly what I wanted. After I finish cleaning up his cock, he goes down on me and finishes cleaning up our mess down there as well. This in itself brings me to another screaming orgasm, as he knew it would.

Finally he releases the restraints from my arms and legs, and tightly holds me as I come down from the last orgasm, gently rubbing my back and neck, kissing me lightly. And this is the part that he knows I really enjoy; just resting and relaxing in his arms, feeling the serenity in how he really wants me to feel.

"Of course, this isn't all I have planned for tonight." He warns. "You should know better than that. I have something so mind-blowing, you won't be able to comprehend what's happening." He tells me this, after allowing me to rest up from what is obviously only part one of his little plan. 

There is a sharp knock on the door, to which he goes over and answers. "Come on in Pauly and Tom, I have a hot one here for you tonight. She has been wanting to do a bit of a gang-bang, so I thought I would help her with it tonight. You can call her Lola... isn't that an appropriate name for a gang-banger." He turns and points in my direction. "Lola here wants a cock in each hole and both at the same time. She says she's never had a cock up here pussy and one up her ass at the same time and wants them there together, all while she's giving one of us a mind-blowing suck off job. So, where should we get started???"

With this invitation, I climb out of bed and walk over to Pauly. "Let's get these things off and see what you have under there."

As I begin to unzip his jeans, I can tell that he has one nice sized cock growing under his clothing. As I finish removing his jeans and shirt, I realize that his cock has to be at least 8 inches long and extremely thick. It is also very hard, already, so I muse, "Hmmmm... this might do very well for Miss Pussy. She loves them thick and hard".

Then I go to Tom and proceed to undress him. As I'm removing his jeans, he is apologizing for not being as large as Pauly. I assure him that that is quite all right, seeing that I didn't think I could take one the size of Pauly's up my ass or down my throat anyway. His cock is about 6-7 inches long, nice and hard but not nearly as thick as Pauly's cock. 

As I sit in a chair, all of them come around me, offering me their cocks one at a time, allowing me to suck on each one, getting the flavor of them all impeded in my palate. As I suck on one cock, somebody else is rubbing their cock all over my tits, the other is rubbing his all over my face and body... in my hair. And I love all the attention.

It finally comes time to pick who is going to be where, so I say, "Pauly, seeing that you are obviously the largest, you will have to fuck Miss Pussy. I really don't think I can take you anywhere else. Bill, seeing that you have had the pleasure of fucking my ass before, I feel we should give that pleasure to Tom. I hope you don't object to that."

"No, I don't. As a matter of fact, I was just going to suggest it myself." Bill responds to my pleasure and continues with, "Besides, I will have plenty more times to take that tight ass of yours, especially knowing how much you enjoy it when I do." 

"OK, well, let's get going with this." I direct. 

Pauly helps me up out of the chair, pulls me into his arms, kisses me deeply and says "Lola baby, you are in for one hell of a fuckin' tonight." 

I just turn to him, with a little smirk on my face and say... "Well, we will see just who gets worn out first tonight" With that, I return his kiss, only deeper and harder. He crawls into bed and pulls me down on top of him, placing his strong arms around me. We kiss and neck for a while, getting me hot and wet. I sit up on top of his cock, squirming it into place, rocking back and forth on it until it is deep into place. "MMMMMM baby, that feels really good, fuck me nice and hard this way for a while." 

I'm rocking back and forth, while he is thrusting his big cock up into my tight pussy, I get hotter and wetter. "O yeah... fuck me good baby, fuck me real hard and fast." With this, the fucking came harder, until I was in the midst of an intense orgasm. "Yes... yes... oh god... cumming so hard... bring on the next cock... pleaseeeeeee... hurrrrrrrryyyyyy." 

Without hesitation, Tom climbs on behind me, doggy style, lubes his cock up good and slowly starts to insert it into my tight ass. Once inserted all the way, he begins fucking my ass with the same rhythm Pauly has established... fast, hard, and deep. "Oh my god" I scream over and over again as the fucking continues. I have never felt anything like this in my whole life. Not only is my pussy on fire, my ass is giving me the most delightful sensation I have ever had. I am cumming front and back. 

"Now give me that hard cock to suck on and I will be in heaven!" I scream at Bill. I proceed to suck and be fucked in every hole I have and I couldn't enjoy it even more. I am cumming like I have never cum before; with intensity I have never known in my lifetime. The harder they fuck me, the more I enjoyed it.

Then, in unison, as if choreographed, the guys all announce that they are about to cum. I can feel the pressure building in Pauly's balls as he explodes load after load of hot cum into my pussy. It was almost a relief to have something shoot up there to cool it off. At nearly the same time, Tom's cock hardens up. It feels like it is growing to twice its size, and he shoots his load of hot cum deep into my bowels. 

What a fucking sensation, something I had never experienced in my lifetime. The last to cum is my friend, my dear Bill. I could feel the tightness growing in his cock as well; the pulsating sensation against the inside of my mouth and against my tongue. Then he does something that he has never done before... he lets loose a load of hot thick cum deep into my mouth and throat, something that he would never do for me before,

For whatever reason I don't know, but he did it this time. A whole mouthful of thick creamy cum. Once he stops cumming he removes his cock from my mouth, brings his mouth to mine and proceeds to allow me to share that wonderful load of cum with him. It is the best, greatest thing a guy could ever do for me and share with me. From that point on, I don't realize what happens to Pauly and Tom, because Bill has just given me the best night of love-making I have ever had and I can't wait to repeat it and share it with him again.

Epilog - This is where she ends her story, but as I remember it - We kiss and kiss until the cum in her mouth is all gone. In the throws of this delirious lust, Tom and Pauly pull away and some how she ends up on her back with me on top. I quickly break from her soft lips and head south. My lips find her thighs and voraciously lick up all the juices running down that soft skin out of her hot, throbbing cunt. When that is gone I begin to devour that throbbing cunt, sucking and licking all the juices I can reach. I just devour her, lunging my tongue as deep into her pussy as I possibly can, relishing on the mixture of four persons cum. 

Tom and Pauly quickly get dressed, leaving quietly as I had directed them to do before hand.

I'm so hot I don't really know what I'm doing. I'm just licking and sucking for all I am worth. Some where far away I hear moaning and yelling. Suddenly two hands grab the back of head and pull it tight into her cunt, It is thrust up a little bit and she starts a fucking action into my mouth, wiggling her juicy cunt all over my face as I try to stay with her. I find her clit and suck it in and wag my tongue across it as fast as I can. I can hear her now, begging me to eat her, to make her cum even more….

Under control now I bear down on that area around her clit and attack it with earnest, assaulting that little nub with all the speed and force I can muster. Within minutes I hear that deep "Augh" released slowly and from her cavernous depths, signaling yet another intense orgasm.

She buck into my face uncontrollably, and I soon loose my spot. I yank myself up on her body. My dick recovered by her moaning and total abandonment, dives deep with one quick stroke, into her marvelously, convulsing cunt. It pulls on my cock, milking it as I immediately start driving it into her over and over again. Harder and harder.

I grab her by the shoulders, burying my face into her neck. I clutch at her trying to pull her tighter, tighter than we have ever been before. And at the same time I slam my pelvis forcefully into hers. 

She cums and cums and moans and moans, for what seems forever. I just keep fucking her as she moans and utters words in gasps that I can't understand. She moans and cries and gasps the whole time as her orgasm continues or at least comes and goes and returns very quickly. The whole time I can feel her cunt squeezing and massaging my cock unrelentingly, as if it wants to take and swallow it and never give it up.

Alas, I am spent. I continue to thrust, but begin to loose any kind of rhythm. As hard as I try I cannot fuck her any longer. She has totally worn me out. I clutch at her holding her as tight as I can, thrusting a little every now and then as I try to muster some reserve strength, but I can't maintain the thrusts for any length of time.

Slowly the pulsing around my cock stops and I realize she is clutching me as tightly as I'm clutching her. Her breathing is more controlled, the orgasm has passed. We lay there in each others arms, trying to maintain the moment for as long as we can.