 Tommy Harris, to the rest of the world, was a crude, selfish, immature brat. He was living on his own, had a job, and a car, but this did not make him an adult. He still acted like a child. Many of his old classmates from high school have commented saying, "You haven't changed a bit." This remark is usually reserved for people who have still remained true to themselves and it is typically meant as a compliment. When spoken about Tommy, however, it's meant to be insulting.

Before this weekend, Alicia held the same opinion of Tommy. She used to be glad that she had found a guy like Peter who was nothing like Tommy. Peter was nice, caring, and considerate. Peter was one of the "good guys." Alicia felt safe with Peter and saw a future with him.

All of that changed this weekend. After the gangbang and spending so much time with Tommy, Alicia realized how bored she was of Peter. Sure, he was loyal and always there for her, but he didn't add any excitement to her life. When she went over to his place, they would spend hours watching the same movies over and over or they would play video games. When she went to Tommy's, she was required to be naked and would give him blowjobs or have sex with him. Last night, she had a threesome with him and his roommate, Rolan. 

Many would find that sort of activity to be degrading. This sort of "slut shaming" was something Alicia quietly took part in before the events of this weekend. Girls in school who were promiscuous were "sluts" or "whores" in her mind, as well as the minds of others. Their wanton sexual freedom was not appreciated by Alicia or the masses.

Her relationship, or whatever it was, with Tommy was exciting to her though. It violated every moral fiber she thought she had. She thought that Tommy was just using her for sex, but that didn't bother her – she was using him too. It made her feel desirable and attractive for men, like Tommy and others, to want to have sex with her. It flattered her.

She was in the bathroom, cleaning up the cum that had been dumped on her face by Tommy's cock. He had taken photos of her, fully nude with his cum on her, and shared them with his online friends. This was something she would not have appreciated before this weekend. Yesterday, she had a problem with Tommy taking pictures of her while she undressed, before he blackmailed her into having sex with him. Now, she was warming up to the idea of strangers seeing her naked.

She dried her face with a towel and stepped back into the living room. Tommy was nowhere to be found. He had paused his game and walked into his bedroom. She heard him rummaging through his closet trying to find something to wear.

Alicia walked into Tommy's room and saw him throwing clothes left and right.

"Hey babe, I'm looking for my buddy's old band shirt. Can't seem to find it anywhere. I haven't seen him in a long time so I thought it be pretty cool if I wore it tonight when he came over."

That was actually nice of him. Alicia gave him a warm smile.

"I can help you look."

"Thanks baby. Yeah, look over in those piles and in the drawers. It's black and says 'Chum Dumpsters' on it."

Chum Dumpsters? She couldn't help but giggle at the name.

Alicia opened his dresser drawers and looked through each of them in search of the shirt. She wanted to do something nice for Tommy. She wanted to do lots of nice things for Tommy. Unlike Peter, he didn't want to change her. He accepted who she wanted to become and didn't give her any trouble for it. It was nice to have someone in her life that didn't judge her. Peter judged her. Even her father judged her. He drank himself into a stupor Friday night and couldn't look her in the eye the next morning. After the gangbang, Tommy talked to her. He blackmailed her, but he still talked to her. He was excited to see her and he has been excited to see her every time she's been at his place.

These thoughts were swirling around in her head while she frantically tried to find Tommy's shirt. When all hope was lost, she saw something tucked under a shoe box under his bed. She bent over and moved the box and found something under it – Tommy's shirt. She quickly snatched it up and excitedly announced, "I found it!" Tommy turned around to see her jumping up and down. Her large breasts bouncing wildly as she waved the shirt in the air.

Giving her the same warm smile she had given him earlier, Tommy said, "Thanks babe. You're the best."

He walked over to her and took the shirt. Then he surprised her – he gave her a quick kiss on the mouth. Tommy had fucked her and done lots of other stuff to her, but he never kissed her. He couldn't see it, because he put the shirt on and walked out of the room, but Alicia smiled. She appreciated the kiss.

Deep down, Alicia had always liked being naked. It gave her a sense of freedom and it made her feel sexy. Being nude when you weren't getting dressed or taking a shower was something she enjoyed, but rarely got to experience. Now every time she's at Tommy's, she gets to walk around completely naked all she wants. Of course, that means that there will be sexual favors given to Tommy or Rolan – or both. That didn't matter. She was getting to do whatever she wanted now and it felt good.

She left the bedroom and found Tommy in the kitchen looking through the refrigerator. He pulled a beer out and closed the door and saw Alicia standing in front of him. He couldn't help but take a good look at her. She was short – 5'3". Pale skin. Legs that were a little chubby, but not fat. Smooth stomach. Large, pillowy tits that sagged a little, but were still pretty perky with pink nipples that always seemed to be perky. A cute, shy face slightly hidden by her raven black hair that came down to her shoulders. She wasn't going to win America's Next Top Model, but Tommy thought she was pretty hot – especially nude.

"Hey, I think we should talk about tonight before everyone comes over." Tommy said.

Alicia didn't know if this was going to be good or bad. Was he going to kick her out? Did he have second thoughts about her being here?

"OK, sure. What's up?" she asked.

"I told you earlier that I'm having ten people over, right?"

Alicia nodded.

"Well, shit...look, they're all guys, ya know? They're..."

She felt like Tommy was going to ask her to leave. She had already been kicked out of Peter's for a second time today. Was Tommy about to do the same?

"What are you trying to say, Tommy?" she asked, folding her arms over her tits.

"They are going to take one look at you and want to fuck you. You're going to be here naked all the time. Shit, looking at you now makes me want some pussy." He laughed. "I just wanted to warn you before they came over"

"Warn me?"

"Yeah, don't get it twisted, babe. I just don't know if you're ready for...another..."

"Another what?"

"Another gangbang. You fucked a lot of guys Friday night and a lot of guys are coming over tonight. I just didn't know if you could handle the possibility. That's all."

She was getting irritated with Tommy, but she quickly calmed down. It seemed like, in his own way, that he was looking out for her. He wasn't trying to force her to be someone else or to act any differently and he didn't want to kick her out. 

"Aww, you're just looking out for me." She said warmly.

"I'm serious. Look, I like having you around. This weekend has been fucking awesome, but if you're going to be around, this kind of stuff might happen. I don't want you to get cold feet later and decide to leave. People should start showing up in about an hour. Think about what you want to do. I'm going to call the boys and make sure they're still coming."

Tommy left the room to use his phone. Alicia sat down on the couch and thought about he had to say. She had made several important decisions this weekend, but this was the biggest. It seemed like reality had smacked her in the face. What was she doing? She had ruined her relationship with Peter by cheating on him and lying to him. She's completely naked in another man's apartment – a man she couldn't stand a few days ago. She had had sex with fourteen different men so far this weekend. 

"Maybe Tommy was right," she thought. "Maybe I do need to think about whether this is what I want or not."

Maybe she could call it quits today, go home, and everything would return to normal next week. Maybe this weekend was just something she needed to do to get it out of her system. Maybe it was just a small phase that she had went through and needed to let go.

Maybe all of that is bullshit. What sort of life would she have if she left now? Her father would still resent her for what she did, even though she did it for him. Peter would still hate her and their relationship would never be repaired. Maybe all of that is okay. Her father and Peter didn't support any of her decisions this weekend. Yes, all of her decisions have been about sex, but who cares? If they loved her, they would support her. They wouldn't try to make her feel guilty for enjoying herself or doing things to help others.

Tommy was the only one who didn't want her to change. He was fine with her fucking other guys. He even encouraged it. All he wanted in return was her company. Having her around is fun for him and it's fun for her. As disgusting as Tommy seemed Friday evening, Alicia's opinion of him was quickly starting to change. The kisses and the smiles she got from him made her feel good inside. She hadn't felt this way in a long time. She was around a guy who wanted her to do whatever she wanted and appreciated her for it. They weren't even together.

As good as all of that sounds, there was a strong possibility of another gangbang tonight. If she stayed, she would have to go through with it. She knew what would be expected of her if she stuck around and she couldn't blame them. A room full of horny guys being waited on by a naked girl all night – it would be hard for them to control themselves.

If she stayed, then what happened this weekend would become a regular thing for her. Naked most of, if not all, the time. Tons of sex with different partners. It would mean that what happened Friday night would not be just a "one time deal." She would be committing herself to this type of lifestyle.

The alternative would be to go back home and leave all of this behind. That would mean that she would be left with her feelings of guilt and regret. She didn't want that. She wanted to stay. She was having a great time and she loved the attention she was getting. It felt a lot better than the judging gazes she got from everyone else.

She stood up and walked down the hall to tell Tommy her answer. He had just gotten off the phone and looked up at her.

"I'll stay."

Those were words that he had heard before, but they didn't make him feel as good as he did now. He smiled back at her and said, "Thanks babe! You're the best! You're going to have a great time tonight. I need to make one more call, so go watch TV or something. I'll be out in a minute."

Obediently, she turned around and walked back into the living room. She flopped down on the couch and started watching television.

In the other room, Tommy had called his friend, Mark.

"Mark, what's up cocksucker?"

"Hey man, are you still having everyone over tonight?"

"Yep. We're having John, Eddie, Walt, Greg, Alan, uh...Larry, Franky, Cal, and Derek over."

"Sweet. Yeah, I don't know if I'm going to come."

"What!? Why not? We've been planning this for weeks. We all don't hang out enough man. You know this!"

"Yeah, I know dude. It's just that I don't like Larry. We don't get along anymore. Fucker ripped me off for $200. He was bitching that he couldn't make his car payment. Asshole shouldn't even have a new car if he can't afford the damn thing. Anyway, I give him the money and he's all like, 'Sweet, I'll pay ya back man. Don't worry, bro.' And what's he do? Not pay me back. Fuck him. I'm done with his shit. So if he's going to be there, I won't."

Larry was a mooch, even worse than Rolan. Rolan relied on his parents for everything. Larry relied on asking favors from his friends. His parents cut him off a long time ago to "teach him how to be a man." Instead of landing a job and earning his own, Larry chose another path. He couldn't keep a job for more than a few weeks. He would either stop showing up or get fired for breaking the rules. His luck with jobs was his own fault, but he spun it to his friends that he had fallen on hard times and needed their help to make ends meet. The car that he got recently was a used Chevy Malibu to replace his old Ford Escort. It wasn't a "new" car, but it was new to him. He couldn't make the payments on it, shortly after he got it, so he turned to Mark for assistance.

Mark and Larry were pretty good friends throughout high school and hung out after. Mark graduated high school, while Larry dropped out after his second senior year. Mark knew that Larry was a fuck up, but he hadn't done anything to mess up their friendship. That is, until Mark lent him the money for his car payment.

"Wow...I had no idea. Larry's always been a mooch man. I know it. You know it. Dude's fucked up. Don't let that stop you from coming over though." Tommy replied.

"I ain't coming over if that cocksucker's going to be there."

Tommy wanted Mark to show up. He hadn't hung out with Mark in over a year. Mark was always off with Larry. Tommy wanted to get the "old gang" from high school back together for a night of video games and beer. In a last ditch effort, Tommy tried to persuade Mark.

"I think you'll want to come over tonight when you find out who else is here."

"You just named off everybody, dude. I don't care."

"No man, it's a girl. I got a girl over here."

"Yeah? And who is that?"

"Pete from Bargain Mart's girl. Alicia Reynolds."

"No shit!? The gangbang girl?"

"Yep! She's here now. Buck naked on my couch. She sucked my dick earlier. She's not allowed to wear clothes over here, so when you come over, she'll be naked."

"Holy shit. I always thought she was hot. I'd come in that video game shop she worked at and see her in those short shorts and those tight gamer shirts. Fuck man. And you got her there. Naked."

"It gets better."

"What do you mean?"

"She's going to fuck everybody tonight. We're going to gangbang her, dude. You can finally get a piece of that bitch."

That was all Mark needed to hear. Suddenly, his beef with Larry didn't matter anymore. The thought of having sex with Alicia Reynolds was more important.

"Alright man, fuck it, I'm in. I'll be there."

"Awesome! I knew you'd like that. Haha. She'll al so be serving us drinks all night. She's our hostress tonight!"

"I can't believe it, bro. Can't wait. See you soon!"

Tommy ended the call and walked back into the living room. Alicia was laying on the couch with her legs open. The light from the television illuminating her pussy and shining over the rest of her body. She was transfixed on a show about special effects make-up in Hollywood movies. He started talking and pulled her attention away from the show.

"Hey, just got off the phone with my buddy, Mark. He wasn't going to come, because my other friend Larry is going to be coming."

She didn't want to be rude, so she sat up and turned her attention toward Tommy. She sat in front of him with her legs open, but not lewdly and listened to what he had to say.

"Why didn't he want to come?"

"Larry owes him money. It's just drama."

"Is he going to come?"

"Yeah, he'll be here. Actually, when I told him about you, he decided to come."

She was flattered. No one had ever done this before. It made her feel special. "Tommy's friend changed his mind about coming, because I'm going to be here," she thought. It made her smile.

"Oh really? What did you say?"

"I told him that the hottest girl in town would be here, naked, serving us drinks all night. I also told him that he gets to fuck you. After finding out he's getting some pussy, he decided to come."

Even if his friend was only coming just so he could fuck her, it still made her feel good. It still made her feel desirable.

She couldn't help but be excited, "That's great! I'll give him some pussy. No problem!"

Tommy leaned forward and gave her another kiss., "Thanks babe."

There it was again. A kiss. Tommy wasn't all crude jokes and macho talk. He had a heart and Alicia felt like there might be a spot in it for her. She wasn't sure how she felt about Tommy romantically or even if she even wanted a boyfriend, but it was nice to have the affection.

"The guys will be hear in about an hour. Clean up a bit, will ya?" Tommy asked.

"Sure!" she beamed.

Alicia grabbed the trash can from the kitchen and set it down in the living room. She gathered up all the empty soda and beer cans and threw them away. She noticed there were a few empty fast food bags that Tommy or Rolan had used as a bachelor's trash can, because they were too lazy to get up and throw their stuff away. She tossed those too. 

The living room was starting to look a lot better. The last thing she needed to do was vacuum. She looked around, but didn't see one.

"Tommy? Do you have a vacuum?" She asked.

From the other room, he responded, "No. We have a hand vac under the sink though. Use that."

A hand vacuum? This was going to take a lot longer than she thought. She hoped to have the living room done by the time company started to show up. She grabbed the vac and got down on her hands and knees to suck up everything she could. Tommy leaned against the wall and admired the view.

Alicia was bent over, sucking up the filth off Tommy's floor. Her plump ass was in the air. Tommy could see her asshole and her pussy, as she went lower to reach under the couch. Her large, soft tits dangled in front of her. She sat up and noticed Tommy staring at her and smiled.

"Enjoying the view?" She asked.

"Hell yeah, babe. Makes me want to get a piece right now and not wait for the boys."

She playfully wiggled her ass at him.

That was enough for him. He stepped out of his pants and pushed his boxers down. He knelt down behind Alicia and quickly stuck his cock inside her.

"Oh!" She exclaimed.

Tommy squeezed her round ass as he fucked her faster and faster. Her double D's began to bounce wildly as she cried out, "Fuck me, Tommy! Fuck my pussy!" as loud as she could.

Alicia was enjoying each hard thrust Tommy was giving her. She was panting and moaning all with a smile on her sweet face.

What Tommy did next surprised her. He reached over and pushed her head down on the floor. He was becoming more and more rough with her. Alicia loved it. Tommy held her down as he fucked her from behind. Her face was buried in the floor that she had just cleaned. The carpet brushed against the left side of her face.

"Yes! Yes! That feels so good, baby! Fuck me just like that!" she cried.

Tommy pounded into her faster and harder. "I'm going to cum!" he shouted.

"Cum inside me! Cum in my pussy!"

"Ohhhhhhhhh fuck! Yes!" Tommy cried out as he shot his seed deep inside Alicia's sopping wet pussy.

It wasn't as long as the sex she had become accustomed to, but it was still appreciated. She had given Peter a few quickies while they were dating, but nothing like this. Tommy was so forceful with her, pushing her to the ground and dominating her. She never knew that she would like it so much.

As she lay there, with cum leaking out of her pussy and running down her leg, she thought to herself, "I hope the guys tonight are as rough with me as Tommy just was." She smiled and sighed deeply, enjoying the feeling of being freshly fucked.

Having cum inside of her was also an experience she wasn't used to. Peter had only done it a few times and she never asked for it. This time, she practically begged for it. Luckily for her, she remembered to take her birth control today.
