 "Oh, Tom I am not so sure about this, well you know; it just don't seem right." 

"Oh, Honey, it is not any different than me fucking you. Besides you have said many times you like it when I finger your pussy while you are sucking my cock. So tonight you will have a cock in your mouth and another in your pussy. Come on, Meggie you know I love you and I would not ask you to do this if it was not really important. If I get this new job I'll get a bonus and I'll buy you that little red Mustang you have had your eye on. Come on Meggie it will be fun. What do you say?" 

Megan loved Tom and they had been living together for six months now. She had come to really love sex and at times she just could not get enough. Tom was the only lover Megan had ever had so how did she know if he was good or not. She climaxed most of the time and she loved to suck his cock. She had learned to swallow his cum even thought it was strong smelling with a pungent taste. Kind of a cross between sour candy and salty soup. She was on the patch, and she did douche after every time he screwed her. Megan had come also to enjoy the dirty little words Tom used when they were about to have sex. Tom had told her many times she was the best nineteen year old he had ever fucked. So maybe this would expand her horizons in the world of sex. Oh, what the hell it may just be fun after all. 

Megan stepped out to the shower to gaze at her slim naked body. Small narrow hips almost boyish, her skin was smooth and flawless. There was nothing boyish about her very high firm round breasts with little pointed nipples. They had turned a little darker since she had started having sex. Turning around she looked at her firm plump little rear end. She parted the cheeks and felt her tight puckered little love tunnel as Tom called it. Megan wet a finger and pushed it up into her dark tunnel and wiggled it around. God that felt so strange and at times it sent shivers right up her spine but it also gave her greater and more earth shaking climaxes than when he fucked her. In fact lately she almost needed him to fuck her tiny rear hole to make her cum. She loved it when Tom licked her pussy and sucked on her clitoris now that made her climax too. Some times Megan would rub her clitoris when she was sucking him off and she could cum then too but it was becoming harder to climax with just his cock in her pussy. Maybe there was some thing wrong with her? Maybe she could learn more about sex with two men? Maybe she would feel more. 

Oh well tonight she would also find out more about older men as Tom's boss Hank was nearly fifty. 

Tom and Megan arrived at the River Side Motel and lounge right at eight o'clock straight up. Megan was dressed in a tight thin black dress that left very little to the imagination. The neck plunged nearly to her navel showing the smooth firm skin of both breasts and the pointed little nipples showed through the thin material. Tom was so proud of Megan and how beautiful she was tonight. Her dark hair as pulled back from her face except for a few strands that hung down over her right eye. Very sexy, very erotic! He was sure Hank would be breathing hard right from the get-go. 

Hank stood as they approached the table. He was tall slim with broad shoulders and very distinguished looking. Megan had met Hank once before and she once again felt him look right through her and she was sure he could see her naked beneath her thin black dress. 

Megan sat a little closer to Hank than to Tom and as soon as they were seated drinks were ordered. Megan could feel Hanks eyes roaming free all over her body. She got goose bumps at the thought of him seeing her naked and she touching his strong body. It was nine o'clock before the meal was set. At the same time a small band started to play softly in the back ground. They were not loud as most bands these days but the music was mellow and made for slow dancing. 

Hanks pushed back his plate and ask Megan if she would dance with him. She accepted; she was escorted to the dance floor with a strong hand on her elbow. Megan melted into him as he folded his arms around her. They hardly moved as he held her to him. Megan liked the feel of this older man and she also felt something pressing her leg. 

"You're a beautiful young lady Megan and I want to thank you for coming tonight." Hank said in a soft male voice. Megan did not know if she moved into the hardness pressing her leg of if it just happened. But either way she wiggled against it and gave out a moan of greedy desire. Hank pushed forward and turning Megan so the hardness moved right up between her legs and sent tingles through her body as it touched her clitoris. 

Hank danced them into a dark part of the floor and lowered Megan hand down between them so her hand was touching him. Maybe reflex maybe wanton desire Megan's finger tightened around the thick hard cock that was sending shivers through her body. Megan said "Oh, my how nice."

The music stopped and they returned to the table. Hanks said "I have a nice corner room with a view of the river. Would you like to come up and see it? I'll order drinks from room service and we can relax and enjoy the evening." 

Tom looked at Megan and said "Meggie, would you go with Hank I have to make a phone call. I'll do that from the public phone down here then I'll be up in a minute." Hank took Megan by the arm and they were off to the elevators as Tom turned toward the row of public phone just on down the hall. 

Hank stood behind Megan holding her gently by the shoulders as she stood looking out the glass doors facing the river. She leaned back on him feeling him breath on the back of her neck. Hank slowly and deliberately moved his hands up to the narrow straps that held her dress in place. Megan knew what he was going to do and she welcomed his flirtatious advances. The straps dropped down to her elbows however the thin dress hung to her breasts only by the stiffness of her nipples. Hank ran his hands down over her firm breasts pushing the dress to her narrow waist. His hands cupped each breasts with reverence and affection. His fingers took each long stiff nipple and pulled on them stretching them even longer. Megan let out a low animal sound that told Hank she liked what he was doing. 

His hands were strong as they took the fullness of her youthful breasts into his palms. Hank leaned down and kissed her on the neck. A bolt of lighting shot through her body setting her on fire. Megan felt the wetness run down her inner thighs. The next thing she knew his hands were working her dress down over her hips until it fell soundlessly to the floor. Megan saw her naked figure in the reflection of the glass door. She could also see Hank looking over her head at her nakedness. 

Megan put her hands behind her rump taking his hardness in her grasp once again. Working her finger she pulled down the zipper and unbuckled his belt like magic. Hanks trousers dropped to his feet there to rest upon her dress like two long lost friends. Megan pulled his jockey shorts to the side so she could feel the soft skin and hardness of his manly cock full in her hands. Megan closed her eyes as she let her fingers measure it, circle it, gage its size as she stroked it slowly back and forth. Then with out warning she turned around dropping to her knees. Pushing the foreskin back to revel a long pointed deep purple tip she opened her mouth, paused looked up into Hank's eyes then slipped her mouth down the long stiff shaft until the head touched the rear of her throat. 

Megan felt the long hard cock swell in her mouth, she felt him shutter and then she tasted Hank for the first time. His sperm was sweet, only slightly salty and very pleasant. Megan sucked his sperm greedily swallowing the thick fluid, licking and sucking it wanting more and more.

Hank reached down lifting Megan by the arms to her feet pulling her into his flat athletic body. "My God child I have never had that happen so fast in all my life. You're talented and beautiful. Now that is rare. Now let me return the favor and see if I can give you at least some measure of pleasure." With this he lifted her up and carried her to the bed. There he laid her across the bed so her legs were hanging off not touching the floor. Hank lifted her legs spreading them as he kneeled on the floor placing his head between her legs. His mouth opened to cover her nearly hairless pussy. His tongue flicked out like a snake punching her tiny clitoris. She loved it when Tom licked her clitoris but he had never rammed his stiff tongue into it like Hank was doing. Megan liked this feeling as it was different wilder and this man was not Tom he was exciting wonderful and Megan screamed in delight when Hank pushed a finger up into her tiny rear tunnel. 

Megan screamed "Yes, yes fuck my ass, please fuck my ass. Finger fuck my ass and suck on my clitoris." Megan was out of her mind squirming jerking around lifting her ass off the bed Megan shook as she let go with a climax that even surprised her. She spurted freely the sweet tasting nectar of the gods filling Hank's mouth and washing his face with a warm sweet stream of a piss like fluid. Hank was delighted and Megan was astounded at how wonderful she felt.

Megan lay still, Hank still had his face resting on her thigh. His mouth was no longer pressed to Megan's seeping cunt but his finger was still well up Megan's tiny ass hole. Hank slowly started to withdraw his finger when Megan said "No don't take it out. Wiggle it slowly I like how that feels. Come up here get over me so I can suck your cock hard. I want you to fuck my ass. Would you like to fuck my ass?" 

Hank was kneeling over Megan's face lifting his hips and lowering them slowly fucking her mouth as he finger fucking her ass hole. Hank was thrilled with this child like girl. She was nineteen but she had the body of a sweet child and the needs of a full grown woman. Hank liked Megan and he was sure she liked him. He also was sure he wanted to see her again, wanted to fuck her again. Hank wanted her to suck his cock so he would watch her beautiful face as he shot her mouth full of cum. But all that would be later right how Hank wanted to feel his cock slide up this girl's slim tight little asshole. Hank told Megan to get up on all fours.

Resting her head on a pillow Megan reached back to spread her cheeks giving Hank a easy view and accessed to her charming little asshole.

The head of Hanks cock had hardly passed the tight little outer ring of Megan's youthful ass hole when the door open and Tom walked in. He came up to the side of the bed looked at the size of the cock poking into Megan's ass and said "Wow, Megan you're going to like this and I am going to join the party." 

Hank did not pay any attention to Tom he was so intent on watching his long hard cock disappear up Megan's beautiful young ass he did not care what Tom was doing. 

Megan lifted herself up on her hands as Tom got in front of her holding his cock in hand wiggling it in her face. Megan laughed, opened her mouth to take his throbbing cock into her mouth. Tom had been so right about how wonderful it would feel to have two cocks in her at the same time. How wonderful it would feel to have a manly cock in her ass up to his balls with a second cock forcing the head down her throat. Megan thought how exciting it was going to be to feel both men shoot off in her young body at the same time. It was so erotic, so arousing and Megan now knew she was a full grow woman doing grown woman things and getting all the wonderful sex she wanted. Megan knew now she could make any man cum, she could make any man desire her and want her child like body. 

Tom shot off first with Hank filling her asshole with sharp short jabs pumping cum up her ass. Damn this was so exciting. Megan screamed and gave up a climax almost as powerful as the first.

Megan had douched and came out of the bathroom to fine both men standing naked fixing drinks. She saw both cocks as rest. Hank's cock was longer and thicker but Tom's balls were almost twice the size of Hanks. Both cock looked so lovely to Megan she was having so much fun this was the best night of her young life. 

Hank turned to hand Megan a drink and said "My beautiful; Megan how would you and Tom like to join me at my home next week. I am having another couple over that I think you both will enjoy meeting. She is a very sexy buxom blonde and he is a slim very active man my age."

Megan said "That sounds like fun. I am sure Tom will enjoy having a busty lady to play with." They all laughed as Hank pushed Megan toward the bed again. Megan straight away got on all fours but this time Hank and Tom traded places.

Tom said "Meggie you are so beautiful I know you will be the hit of the party tonight. Oh, by the way Hank wants us to drive in the back way and park in the alley drive. We are to come in the gate there and straight to the pool house. We will get naked and join the others in the pool. Hank said he will not have the lights on and we all can have a nice swim before dinner. 

Megan followed Tom through the back gate and they could hear splashing in the pool but could not see a thing. Hank came up and said "Megan my dear, Tom this way to the pool house. You can undress and join us in the pool." In the darkness Hank pulled Megan to the side kissed her and let her feel his nakedness. Megan lifted her mouth to him and took his hard cock in her hand. Remembering how wonderful it had felt in every hole just a week ago Megan got shivers up her back. Hank helped her get naked. As soon as she dropped her shorts Hank placed both hands on her shoulders and she quickly dropped to her knees. Her mouth stretching around his throbbing cock. 

In the dark Tom touched her head and let his fingers trace her lips around Hank's cock. "Well I can feel you two are getting reacquainted so I will go out and join the folks in the pool."

Megan felt Hank's cock swell with every motion of her mouth forward and back on his cock shaft. "Megan my dear I would love to let you suck me off but I must delay this pleasure until later if you don't mind too much." Hank said as he pushed her mouth away from his throbbing cock. Megan laughed and came to her feet. They kissed and Hank pulled her toward the door and the voices from the pool. Hank said "Oh yes; my dear I invited two couples I do think you will enjoy both equally well. I told you about one last week and the other is somewhat younger and I do believe you will enjoy both the young man and his wife. She has a penchant for licking pussy after her husband has fucked it and cum in it. This maybe quite a treat for you."

As they neared the pool Megan could see the outline of Tom on his knees behind a rather plump lady on her knees. Her tits were large and swinging freely has Tom banged hard into her plump round ass. Another young man was in front holding her head and working his hips in a jerking motion as she moaned while he cum in her mouth. Her hair was short blonde and flying wildly as she swallowed and sucked the young man spurting cock. Tom let out an animal sound Megan knew well as he filled this ladies pussy from the rear. It was so dark only the dim out lines allowed Megan so see and hear these sexual sounds. But when the man in front moved his hands Megan let out a scream "Mother." Then she fainted.

Megan came to in a dimly lighted room with Tom at her side holding her hand. She was on a lounge chair in the pool house covered with a thick cotton bath towel. Hank was knelling by her side holding a cool cloth to her forehead. It took Megan a few second to remember where she was and why she was being attended too. "Oh, my God for a minute I thought the lady out there by the pool was my mother." Megan said as a statement and a question.

Tom leaned close and kissing her lightly on the mouth he said "Meggie; Honey I have something to tell you." Megan looked up into Tom's eyes and knew what he was going to say even before he said it.

Megan sat up pushing Hank's hand way and reached for Tom. Jerking him close as her fingers dug into his arm Megan said "Tom you son of a bitch. You're fucking my mother. You've been fucking my mother. I can tell this was not the first time I can tell. I knew she was fucking around or I had guessed for a while any way but I never guessed it was with you."

Hank moved to the side and Megan's mother knelt down and took Megan by the shoulders pulling her daughter to her. Megan hugged her mother and they cried together. Tom rose to his feet and motioned Hank to leave mother and daughter to work this out. The two men walked out as Megan's father naked as the others walked in and closed the door. 

Megan listened to the words and tried to let this all sink in. It seems her parents had been swingers for some time. Both mother and father wanted to tell her but just never knew how. Megan had been right about Tom and her mother too. Her parents had made themselves known to Tom a few months earlier and the three of them had worked out this plan so that Megan would become part of the swinging group. 

Megan sat on the lounge her towel had dropped away as her mother hugged her and Megan hugged her back. Megan let her eye travel past her mother's shoulder to see her father standing close his cock hung down with the bulbous head shinning in the dim light. 

Megan's eye rose to see her father looking down at his daughter with a look she had never seen in his eyes before. Her father was looking at her with lust and desire gleaming from his smiling eyes. Megan loved her parents and some how this all seemed to be a greater way of showing love than any other. She remembered how some girls showed deep despair at the thought of making love to their father. But not so with Megan she thought this was going to be her way of showing both her parents just how much she loved them both. 

THE END