 The following is absolutely true. Hope you like it... 

I was out mowing the lawn one very hot summer day. I was wearing tennis shoes, cut-off shorts and a tee shirt. The temperature was over 90 degrees, and the sweat made what little I was wearing cling to my body. As I was finishing up, I saw my girlfriend, Linda, watching me from the kitchen window. She was also talking to someone on the phone, and had a very horny look on her face. I just smiled, and waved. I continued mowing around the back of the house, by the garage. I always finished up there. 

When I took the mower into the garage, Linda met me there. "You have a secret admirer in the neighborhood," she informed me. Her eyes were sparkling like they always do whenever we are going to have kinky sex. My mind raced through all the faces I could think of from our neighborhood. None really fit the mold, as far as I could tell. 

"Who is it," I asked. I was dying to know, but she wouldn't tell me. She just kept smiling, and told me to get a shower. I certainly needed one, so I grabbed some clean clothes and headed to the basement shower. 

When I got out, I found that my clothes were gone. I thought that was odd, but I didn't think too much of it. I wrapped a towel around myself, and headed upstairs to get dressed. 

On the way past the door to the garage, Linda kind of sprung out and grabbed me by the arm. She was naked, and obviously very horny. "Come here, I have a surprise for you," she said as she lead me into the garage. She dropped the towel off me, and stroked my dick as she led me into the garage. 

When I got in the garage, I found that the car was gone, and a lawn chair was sitting facing the automatic door, about 3 feet from it. Next to the chair was a cardboard box. She led me over to the chair, and sat me in it. Linda was kissing me passionately, and stroking my cock and balls. 

She stopped, and said, "Want to play with me?" She reached into the box, and brought out a black scarf. She teased my dick with it, and then wrapped it around my head, blindfolding me. After she tied it, she went back to the box, and the next thing I knew, she was duct taping my wrists to the armrests of the chair. I couldn't move or see. I was liking this game! 

She finally kneeled down in front of me and sucked my dick into her mouth. I was loving it. She would suck me, and then stop, with a slurping sound. "You like getting your cock sucked, baby," she asked me. 

"Yes, very much," I told her. I was desperate to get my dick back into her mouth. 

She blew me like that for a few minutes, and then she stopped altogether, and asked, "Are you ready for the surprise?" Hell, I thought this WAS the surprise. 

When I said yes, she pressed the button, and the garage door opened. Suddenly, I could feel the sun on my naked skin. Then I heard her walk away! 

I was kind of alarmed, as one could imagine, but alarm turned to fear quickly; I heard footsteps approaching. There I was, naked, blindfolded, strapped to a chair in broad daylight, and with a raging hardon! Who could it be? My mind raced with fear. Was it a neighbor, a friend or family member visiting, a cop for crying out loud? I managed to stutter, "W-Who's t-there?" but I got no answer. Whoever it was was enjoying my predicament. 

Suddenly, and thankfully, whoever it was dropped down and engulfed my cock into their mouth. I relaxed; this was a good cocksucker. I had never had anyone suck my dick so hard. I didn't know who it was, but I really enjoyed it. All the way down to my balls, then up to the top, sucking hard all the way. 

It didn't take much of this kind of blowjob before I was ready to cum. When I started to moan, I heard Linda's footsteps again, and when she pulled off the blindfold, I looked down, and found out I was cumming in a GUY's mouth. I'd never been with a guy, and the shock of it made me cum even harder. He kept sucking my dick, and swallowed all of it. He was thoroughly enjoying it, too. 

When I could think again, I realized it was an old friend of Linda's, named Jimmy, who is gay. The two of them laughed, and made jokes about what had happened, but they didn't cut me loose from the chair. While they were comparing notes on how my cum tasted and stuff, my dick got soft. 

In a few minutes, Jimmy finally stood up. All he was wearing was a pair of shorts. In those shorts was a huge tent, caused by his dick being so hard. Linda caught me looking at it. 

"I saw you looking at his crotch," she said. With that she went over and put her arm around him, and grabbed his dick through the shorts. She massaged it, and asked, "Do you like what you see?" I didn't answer, but I couldn't keep my eyes off of his crotch, especially since she was squeezing, and stroking it. 

My lack of a response only made her bolder. "Do you want to see it?" she asked. Again I didn't respond, so she carefully undid the button, and pulled down his zipper. 

I didn't answer, but I noticed a stirring in my balls. My dick was trying to get hard! She got a very kinky look in her eyes and said, "Here, I'll show it to you," with that she turned him sideways to me, and dropped the shorts to the floor. When she did that, I saw another man's hardon for the first time. It sprung straight out, and bobbed for a second. I had to admit to myself, it looked good. It was about 8 inches long, and stood perfectly straight out from his body. She grabbed it with one hand and stroked it. "You like the way it looks?" Linda asked. I wanted to say yes, but I was just speechless. 

She got on her knees, and sucked him into her mouth. I couldn't believe it. I was watching my girlfriend take another mans' cock into her mouth. I also couldn't believe that instead of being mad, I was turned on. When she made eye contact with me, and her mouth was filled with cock, I started to get hard again. 

She took the dick out of her mouth, looked at me, and said, "I'll cut you loose of that chair if you want to finish sucking him off". This time I didn't have to answer; my dick suddenly got rock hard. Suddenly, I wanted nothing more than to have that cock in my mouth. They both laughed at me, and she pulled out a pair of scissors from the box, and cut me loose. "Now suck him for me. I want to watch" she said. 

We switched places. She sat in the chair with one leg over the armrest, so she could masturbate. I dropped to my knees in front of Jimmy, and took a good look at a stiff cock for the first time in my life. 

I was so excited I was trembling. This big hard cock was beautiful up close like that. I reached out and held it in my hand, and felt the weight of it. Then I licked the precum off the tip. It tasted good. So smooth on my lips. I decided to just go for it. I opened my mouth and got his dick as far in as I could. I closed my lips around it and sucked as I drew back. I was surprised that it felt so good in my mouth. 

Linda was rubbing her pussy and moaning. Then I remembered how erotic it was when she looked at me with a mouthful of cock, so I looked over and made eye contact. She must have found it exciting as well, because she started to cum. "Oh, suck his cock for me, baby," she gasped. I kept going, bobbing my head up and down on his dick. When Jimmy Grabbed my head and started to fuck my mouth, she said "Suck that dick like a bitch for me". I felt really excited by all this. I was sucking him like a bitch, and it felt good. 

Soon I felt Jimmy's legs tighten up, and his cock swelled up in my mouth. I knew he was going to cum soon, and so did Linda. "Cum on his face," she begged. She was obviously into this, as she was cumming nonstop now. When he was ready to cum, he pulled out, and stroked his dick a couple of times. A large wad of cum suddenly hit me on the bridge of the nose, and my cheek. "YES," she cried. I decided I wanted to see what it was like to have a guy cum in my mouth, so I sucked him back in. He shot 3 more times, as I sucked him as hard as I could. I swallowed all of it, and kept sucking, until he pulled out, and slapped my lips with his dick. I felt like such a slut!

They were both exhausted. Jimmy sat down on the floor. "I can't believe you never sucked a dick before. That was great," he told me. When Linda could walk again, she came over, and scooped up the cum on my face with her finger, and fed it to me seductively. 

By now, I was hard as hell, so I grabbed Linda and put her back in the chair, and started to fuck her. She came almost instantly, but I just kept fucking her. While we fucked, Jimmy put his shorts back on, and he left. 

But he would be back later...