 It was a little after 10:00am on a Friday morning when my cell phone rang.

"Hello? Tracy! Oh my God! How are you?" I say to one of my very best and closest friends. We have been friends for it seems like forever, I had moved out of state several years ago but she and I had always kept in touch.

"I'm doing really good, I was bad..." she tells me with a wicked laugh.

"Oh no! What did you do now?" I ask wondering what she had done.

"I got in my car in the middle of the night and I'm parked right outside of your house..." she tells me with a laugh. 

I get up and walk to the front door and open it and there she is in the driveway.

I let out a scream and go running to her car. She gets out and we hug. "Oh my God! Tracy I can't believe you're really here." 

"Yep, just couldn't handle being around the boyfriend and fighting all of the time so I told him I was going for a drive..."

"Uh yeah I guess you did go for a drive, you just didn't tell him to where." I said teasing her. "Let's grab your stuff and come on in."

She hugs me tightly, "I knew you'd say that..." she walks around and opens her trunk and we grab her suitcase and the odds and ends and take it all into the house.

"I really like your house, it's so pretty..." she says as she puts her things away. "Are you sure your boyfriend won't mind me being here?" she ask sitting down on the bed in the guest room.

"No, of course not, you'll really like him." I tell her knowing you won't mind company.

We decide to go shopping and out to lunch. We went to the mall and looked around and ended up in Victoria's Secret, we tried on all of the sexy clothes, laughing and giggling like a couple of teenagers. We each ended up buying an outfit.

"Okay, so how is your sex life?" she asks me as we sit in the food court at the mall.

"Great..." I tell her, "And yours???" I ask her.

"What's sex??? If I don't take care of myself I'd never have a Climax." She tells me with a serious look. I can tell she isn't joking.

"Do you want to talk about it?" I ask worried about her, she doesn't just jump up in the middle of the night and drive for seven hours for nothing.

"He's a jerk! All he ever wants is a blowjob and I get nothing unless I do it myself."

"Have you talked to him about it, tell him how you feel." I say wondering if he is even worried about her.

"Oh yes, I talk and he just sits there watching ESPN and drinking his beer."

She starts to tear up, she doesn't usually get emotional. "Well you know I'm here for you always."

"I know and thanks, I hope your boyfriend is okay with me showing up like this."

I assure her that you are okay with my having company. "You'll like him he is great, and the sex is great..." I tell her with a giggle. "Come on, let's go to the adult store across town and try on clothes..." I suggest grabbing my purse.

"You don't want to try on clothes you want to look at the toys!" she says with a laugh.

"Damn! You do know me!" I say laughing.

At the adult store we look at the clothes for a few minutes and she looks at me and winks. "Come on you know you want to go into the back room."

"Let's go!" I tell her leading the way. There was nobody back there just the two of us.

"Hey! Look at this!" Tracy says holding up a life size dildo/cock. "bet this would feel good," she says winking at me.

"I bet it would..." I say as she leans in and kisses me. "Oh yes, we're going to have a great time..." I tell her.

"Does your boyfriend know you're bi?" she asks.

"Oh yes he knows and he is okay with it, he has always wanted to have a threesome with me and another woman." I tell her getting an idea. I've got an idea!" I say looking at her.

"Oh no! What is it Lucy???" She says teasing me, she always thought of her and I as Lucy and Ethel because she never knew what I was going to come up with next.

"How about we give him his threesome...surprise him when he comes home."

"I think you just want some pussy."

"Well that too, and I know you could stand a good fucking can't you?" I ask her point blank. "Would I buy this, so we could go back to my house and play?" I ask her.

"Well if you don't I will." I pay for the items, dildo, some fruit flavored oils, and K-Y. "I'll make sure you forget that boyfriend, and so will my boyfriend, you'll have a good time I promise."

"I can't wait to play..." she says as we walk out to her car.

"I know me too..."

Getting back to my house we lock the front door and head for my bedroom with the huge shower. We can't keep our hands off of each other, touching, kissing as we undress each other. We undress each other and set the water temperature and step into the shower.

The hot water feels great, we soap each other up as we touch, caressing nipples, slipping our hands between each other's legs. "I've missed you..." Tracy moans as I rub her bare pussy, slipping a finger inside of her. "Yes..." she says as she pinches my right nipple. I go to my knees and spread her legs apart, rinsing the soap off of her. I spread her pussy open and I lick her pussy lips, then kissing my way down her thighs back and forth. Finally after teasing her for a few minutes I lick her clit, flicking my tongue across it.

"Fuck yes!" she says grabbing my hair in her hands. That turns me on so much when I get my hair grabbed like this. I lick and suck her as she moans and pleads for me to make her cum. "Yes, eat my pussy...I need to cum so bad..." I slip two fingers into her wet pussy, fingering her gently at first and them the more excited she gets the rougher I finger her as I lick her clit. I reach down with one hand and rub my bare pussy, rubbing my clit. I'm glad I shaved my pussy last night, I tried to keep it bare.

"Bed!" she moans, "let's go to your bed..." We turn the water off and dry each other off and head for my King sized bed. 

She lays down on the bed, legs spread wide, I lay down between her legs and reach for the new dildo I just bought. I open the package and start to lick it all over, taking the head in my mouth as she watches. She reaches over and grabs the strawberry flavored oil and drizzles it all over her tits and down her stomach and all over her pussy.

"Dessert...I like that..." I tell her as I move up to her tits and licks her nipples until they are hard. "Oh yes, lick them, bite them..." I hear her moan as I take one nipple and then the other in my mouth. Sucking and nibbling on them, taste so good. I lick my way down her body, tasting strawberries. I get back between her legs and reach for the dildo, rubbing it across her pussy, teasing her with it. "Fuck me...please..." she begs me as I slowly slip the dildo inside of her wet slit. 

The strawberry oil is dripping all down the inside of her already wet pussy.

In and out slowly I fuck her, hearing her moan as she grabs my head.

I glance up and she is pinching and pulling on her nipples as I fuck her.

"I have missed you so much..." she says as I lick the oil off of her hard clit.

All I can do is moan as I start to fuck her a bit deeper and faster.

"Fuck me..." she pleads. In and out faster and deeper I fuck her wanting to make her cum. She is bucking her hips, not able to lay still. She reaches for another new toy, a magic wand and she turns it on and places it on her clit. She almost jumps off of the bed. "Oh fuck!" She moans, holding it on her clit. "Oh my god, you're gonna love this one!" she says as I continue to fuck her, hearing her wet pussy as that cock goes in and out of her. "Yessss...oh fuck I'm gonna cum..." she says as she starts to climax. I pull the dildo out of her and I take her clit in my mouth and I suck on it fingering her at the same time. I want to feel her cumming. "Cumming...now...now...now..." I feel her pussy contract as she cums all over my hand and my mouth.

"God that was so good, my boyfriend doesn't even eat pussy like that..." she tells me as I crawl up on the bed beside her.

"I'm glad you liked it, feel better?" I ask as I glance at the bedside clock.

"Oh darn! I forgot to take anything out for dinner." I say noticing it was almost 4:30.

"You bought me lunch and the toys let me buy us all dinner tonight." Tracy suggest.

"He comes home and finds us in bed together and he may not want dinner..." I say, knowing he is going to be surprised. He won't be upset or angry but surprised. I had always told him if she ever came into town it would probably happen.

"Okay, your turn...you made me cum now I'm gonna make you cum." Tracy tells me as she gets down on the bed between my legs. "Somebody's nice and wet..." she says as she licks the inside of my thighs. I reach for my tits and I rub and pinch my nipples. "Lick me" I moan as she spreads my pussy open and licks my pussy lips, taking them into her mouth gently sucking on them. 

"You taste so good..." I pour the strawberry oil all over my tits and she takes the bottle from me and pours it over my stomach, across my pussy and I can feel it dripping down into my slit, over my clit.

I massage it into my tits, feeling my nipples getting ever harder as she slips two fingers deep inside of me. "Fuck!!" I moan out loud.

"Strawberry flavored pussy..." Tracy says as she fingers me a bit deeper, she takes her fingers out and she offers them to me. I taste the oil and my pussy on her fingers. She reaches for the new dildo and she gently pushed it inside of my tight pussy.

"Damn, you're still tight like years ago." she tells me as she works the dildo inside of me.

"Give it to me, fuck me..." I ask her watching her slowly fuck me with the toy.

In and out deeper and faster she fucks me. All I can do is moan, watching her work over my pussy. She licks my clit at the same time.

"So this is why you didn't answer your phone..." I look up and your standing in the doorway, watching. "Baby, don't be mad..." I start to say as you start to unbutton your shirt. "Oh I'm not mad honey, enjoy yourself I want to watch..." You tell me as you sit down across from our bed. Tracy looks up and smiles "Hi, I'm Tracy..." she says and goes back to fucking me.

You quickly get undressed, sit down and watch as she continues to fuck me. "Take that cock and lick it baby girl..." you tell me. I reach for the other dildo and I lick it all over, getting it nice and wet, flicking my tongue across the head, then licking my way down to the balls. I can see your stroking your cock, getting hard. "You like her eating your pussy baby?"

All I can do is moan around the cock in my mouth. 

"Here...suck my cock baby..." you tell me as you walk over to the side of the bed, stroking your cock. "Harder fuck me harder..." I tell Tracy as I take your cock in my hand and I stroke you. "Suck me..." you tell me rubbing your cock across my lips. I reach for your cock. "No hands..." you tell me as you hold my head up so I can suck you. I lick the tip of your cock with the tip of my tongue, teasing you as you push your cock into my mouth.

Tracy is fucking me deep, fast and hard I want to cum so bad. I start to suck on the head of your cock, in and out of my mouth. "Oh yeah baby girl...suck that cock..." I love the feel of your hard cock in my mouth, I suck and lick your cock as I feel my climax building. You reach for my nipples, pinching them. The closer I get to cumming the harder I suck you. "Oh yeah...take it...deep..." you say as I swallow your cock as deep as I can. Tracy is fucking me deep fast and hard, I'm going to cum soon. I let your cock slip from my mouth, you stroke your cock as you watch me. "Oh god I'm gonna cum..." I moan as you give me your cock again, fucking my mouth as if it were a pussy.

"Oh yeah...suck my cock baby...make me cum when you do..." In and out I take your hard cock deep feeling you holding me down as you fuck my mouth. "Fuck baby...I'm so close..." You say grabbing my tits and squeezing them as you fuck my mouth. Tracy is ramming that dildo into me so hard and fast. "Cum with me baby...cum for me..." I hear you telling me as my climax hits me. God it feels so good, I clamp my legs around Tracy as I cum, moaning around your cock in my mouth. You hold your cock as deep as I can take it. "Yeah...take my cum baby...swallow it all..." I feel you exploding in my mouth, I swallow every last drop. You pull away from me, trying to catch your breath. "Oh my god that was good..." is all you can say.

My legs relax from around Tracy and she moves up to me on the bed and she winks at you as she kisses me tasting your cum. "Taste good..."

"I'm glad I came home early..." you tell me sitting down next to me on the bed.

"I called and called and didn't get an answer I thought something was wrong..."

You tell me kissing the top of my head.

"I'm sorry baby I didn't mean to worry you." I say, I introduce you and Tracy and explain that she had needed a break from her boyfriend and she came for the weekend.

"It's okay isn't it?" I ask hoping you didn't have any plans for the weekend.

"I know I should have checked with you first but I knew you'd be okay with it."

"Honey, you don't have to ask my permission to do anything you want to do...I'm not like other people..." you tell me. Tracy and I just look at each other and giggle...

"He knows about you know who..." I tell her so she knows who he is talking about.

"Okay got ya..."

After we rest for a few minutes we all decide to go out to dinner Tracy's treat. I show her to the guest bathroom and I go back to our room. You're already running the water for the shower. I go to the closet and take out a nice pair of jeans and a nice shirt.

"Did I surprise you honey???" I ask really hoping you're not upset with me. "

"Oh yes you did baby, a nice surprise, maybe we can all play this weekend..." you say walking over to me and kissing me. " and please don't worry, I am not upset...she seems like real sweet person and no matter what nobody will ever come between us..."

You hug me tight, and smack my butt. "Hey!" I exclaim..."What was that for?"

"That was just a love tap baby...you started with out me..."

"I promise I will never start without you again, now let's take a shower so we can go out to dinner, I'm starved..."

"For food or pussy???" You ask with a wink.

"Both." I say knowing you want to watch me eat pussy.

I can tell it's going to be a great weekend.