 I loved Chuck so much that I would do anything for him and that includes fulfilling his most desired fantasy. We have done just about everything there was to do as far as the topic of sex goes. There was nothing that we wouldn't try and told each other that if one of us didn't enjoy it then we wouldn't have to do it again. And let me tell you. It is a lot of fun trying new things. 

We have always been very open about our wants and needs and things we have always fantasized about and the one thing that Chuck keeps mentioning is that he would really enjoy a threesome. To add another woman to the equation. Of all the things we have tried, of course that has not yet been one of them. 

When he first told me that he would like a threesome my initial reaction was absolutely not. It bothered me to think that another woman would be touching My lover. I didn't know how I would react to seeing another set of lips encasing his 8 inch cock. but I would still talk with him about it and eventually became intrigued by the idea. 

I asked him who he would want for a third and without missing a beat he named a girl who we both know. I knew then that he must have fantasized a lot about her for him to be so set on who he wanted. Of course my first thought was that she is who he thinks about when we are having sex and that made me a little jealous. 

We see Gina, the girl he would like to join us, a couple times a week and every time I see her I think more and more seriously about what we could do together to make Chuck the happiest man on earth and when I think about it I find myself getting very turned on. 

Gina is a very fit and very slender Redhead. she stands about 6 feet tall and is a very sweet girl. After careful thought about allowing someone else to fuck my man I decided that Chuck deserves it. After all he has made me an extremely happy person in the sack. Why not let someone else have a chance to find out what it is like to make love to the best love maker out there. 

I had invited Gina over for coffee and explained to her what Chuck's fantasy was and that we both would like her to join us in a threesome. At first I thought she was going to walk right out of the house, never to speak to us again. Gina is a little reserved, not to mention that she also has a boyfriend. But after I explained to her how much I loved Chuck and really wanted to do this for him she agreed. 

I also told her that this was only a one time thing and that we would not ask her to join us again. 

Chuck was due to come home within the hour and Gina and I decided that we would give him my little surprise then. I was a little nervous because I really didn't think it was going to happen so soon. But I figured if We didn't do it then, it may never happen. I told Gina I was going to take a shower so I would be fresh for Chuck and that she was welcome to take one when I was done. While I was in the shower my nerves were really coming out. I couldn't believe I was going to be in a threesome in less than an hour but it also turned me on and as I ran the soapy water over me I could feel the burning sensation start to grow between my legs. I closed my eyes and envisioned the three of us together and it made me smile to think that I was going to make Chuck's dream come true. As I came out of my dream I found my hand rubbing along my pussy that was getting wet with the shower water and it's own juices. I remembered I had promised Gina a shower and stepped out before the hot water ran out. 

I decided to light some candles and put fresh sheets on the bed for the occasion. Hoping it would take my mind off of the upcoming event so I wouldn't be so nervous. It didn't work. All I could think about was that Gina was in my shower getting ready to help me fulfill my guys fantasy. I peeked into the bathroom and caught a glimpse of her naked body through the shower curtain. She did have a killer body and very large breasts. I wondered if she was as nervous as I was. 

I asked her if she was all set and if she needed anything. She sounded startled that I was in the bathroom and admitted that she was a little nervous. She has never been in a threesome or with another woman either. I suggested that maybe if she and I were to maybe explore each other before Chuck got home we wouldn't be so nervous then and we could really please him. She agreed that maybe that was a good idea. 

When she stepped out of the shower I walked over to her with a clean towel. I wrapped it around her and gave her a gentle kiss on the lips. She kissed me back and let her towel drop to the floor. with her skin still wet I reached for her breasts and began to caress them. She leaned into me to let me know it felt good to her. I leaned down and began to lick her nipples. They were getting hard and I could hear her let out a little moan. I began to suck harder on her nipple while rolling the other one between my fingers. I was hoping she was enjoying it as that is what I like to have Chuck do to me. 

She did seem to enjoy it. She reached down and put her hand between my legs and began to rub my freshly shaved pussy. She had such a gentle touch and it sent electrifying feelings through me. She slipped her finger between my pussy lips and began circling around my already hard clit. I thought I was going to have an orgasm right there. her finger found it's way into my wet hole and she inserted it and began to finger fuck me. She took her finger out and brought it up to her rosy red lips, stuck out her tongue and tasted my juices off of it. She made a barely audible moan that came from deep in her throat. I took her finger and licked it as well. Our tongues touching each other as I did it and we continued to kiss and lick the wonderful taste of her finger. I told her I wanted to taste her pussy too and a smile came across her face. She said "I thought you'd never ask" 

Gina leaned back against the sink and spread her legs eagerly for me. I reached down and found the warmth between her legs with my finger and did just as she did. I teased her clit until I thought she was going to cum. I then inserted my finger and could feel that there was no need for any lubricant here. I thought to myself. "wow, she gets just as wet as I do" I fucked her a couple of times with my finger and when I took it out for her to taste her own juice I wanted to know what it was like to lick a pussy. I darted my tongue just along the outside of her lips a couple of times and flicked it against her clit. I could tell I was doing ok by the way Gina's hips began to thrust. She was practically sitting on the sink at this time and she had her legs spread as far as they could go. I liked the taste of her pussy and wanted more so I licked deeper into her cunt and stuck my tongue into her waiting pussy hole. I was also taking my finger and rubbing it along her clit and every other time sticking it in to her hot box. She wasn't a loud girl by nature but the more I licked her pussy and fucked her with my finger the louder she made moaning and groaning noises. I could feel her pussy muscles begin to quiver and knew that she was about to cum. Just at that moment I could feel the white hot cum oozing from her quaking cunt and onto my tongue. I lapped it up like a thirsty dog and thought it was the next best tasting thing right after Chuck's cum. She was out of breath and had to regain her composer. I gave her another kiss allowing her to sample a little of herself. we looked at the clock and realized Chuck would be pulling in the driveway any second. Gina stayed behind in the bathroom and threw some water on her face to get ready for another round. 

Just as I made it to the living room I saw Chuck's truck pull in. I met him at the door with a kiss, which is not unusual . But I could tell that he thought my kiss tasted different this time. I remembered then that I had forgotten to brush my teeth and that he could probably taste Gina's cum on my lips. Chuck made a silly face and licked his lips a little but didn't say anything. 

I asked him how his day was and he said it had been tiring and that her was exhausted and just wanted to relax. I told him that we had company and that I had a surprise for him. He didn't seem too enthused about the company part but he would be cordial to the visitor and try to get who ever it was out of here as fast as possible so that he could make love to me and relax for the rest of the evening. He was however interested about the surprise that I said I had for him and wanted to know what it was. I told him that if he met me in the bedroom he would get it soon enough. With a sly smile he headed off into the bedroom to await his surprise. I met Gina at the bathroom door and told her that Chuck was waiting in the bedroom for his surprise and that we should go in together. 

Just as I had thought, Chuck was lying on the bed half dressed with his eyes closed. He looked like he was sleeping but I knew better because usually my surprises ended up with sex and I knew he would be waiting for that. But what He didn't know was how much sex he would be getting with this surprise. I leaned onto the bed and gave him a gentle kiss over his eyelid and said "are you ready for your surprise?" He moaned and wrapped his arms around me to hug me and felt that I didn't have anything on. when he opened his eyes he could see there was someone standing behind me who was also naked. I said "Chuck, you remember Gina don't you?" I thought he was going to turn over and die at the thought of Gina, His fantasy woman, was standing in our bedroom. And I wasn't protesting it!!!

He looked at me with the look of "is this my surprise?" and I shook my head, smiled and gave him a big, long passionate kiss. While chuck and I were kissing Gina came onto the bed and began to rub Chuck's growing member. With every rub she gave him I could feel kisses getting more intense. She undid the button on his pants and pulled them down over his hips. His now rock hard cock bounced up at her and made us all laugh. Gina's eyes grew wider when she saw how well hung Chuck was and gave me a look as if to say she was very impressed and almost jealous that I had that huge cock in bed with me every night and she didn't. Gina leaned over and drew her wet tongue up Chuck's shaft and kissed the tip of his cock. He was delighted to see that I was changing my position to join Gina in his nether regions. I went onto the other side of Chuck and Gina and I both began to kiss and lick his cock. Our tongues got caught up with each others as well and soon we were kissing each other as well. Chuck put a pillow behind his head and positioned it so that he could get a good look at what we were doing. 

Gina and I each took turns sucking on Chuck's cock and almost made it a contest to see which one of us could take more of him into our mouths. While one was sucking the other was caressing his balls and giving them gentle kisses

I was feeling the burning between my legs and needed to have Chuck's tongue there licking and sucking on my pussy. I re-positioned myself so that my hot dripping pussy was right over his face so that he had no choice but to taste the sweetness that was there. Chuck certainly didn't mind that I had blocked his view from the tongue darting that was going on at his cock and he happily put his tongue in my cunt. 

Chuck gives the best oral sex and I knew I wasn't going to hold on very long. I sat back enjoying the tongue lapping I was getting and let Gina continue to suck his cock while I watched. The fact that some other girl was sucking my mans cock in front of me was really exciting me now. I told Gina that Chuck has never tasted another girls pussy before and that I think he would enjoy it. She took my cue and made her way up to Chuck's head. She watched as he teased my clit with his tongue and positioned herself so that she too could lick me. This was the most wonderful feeling I had felt. I had two tongues darting in and out of my cunt hole at the same time. I felt the first wave come over me like I had never felt before. I let out a moan and exploded into their mouths. When I caught my breath and moved back around Chuck and Gina were sharing the juices I had given them with deep passionate kisses. 

After witnessing the incredible orgasm I had just achieved Gina wanted Chuck's tongue to do his magic on her pussy. she positioned herself over him and he gladly began to suck on her clit and tease her hole. I needed to have Chuck's big cock in me more than ever now so I straddled him and sat facing Gina. We gave each other a kiss as she helped me guide Chuck's cock into my swollen cunt. I began to ride him. Slowly at first as Gina and I continued to kiss. I began to fuck Chuck harder and I could hear the muffled groans escaping his mouth through Gina's neatly trimmed pussy. Chuck didn't miss a beat with Gina though. He continued to eat that pussy until she was writhing and screaming and wanting more. 

I leaned back as I began to ride Chuck's cock hard and reached around to gently caress his balls. I knew what Chuck liked and I knew if I did it Ii would get big load of cum blown into my waiting pussy. As I rubbed his balls while fucking him hard I allowed my finger to circle around the outside of his anus. That did it, Chuck blew his entire wad into me just as Gina had her mind blowing orgasm causing Chuck to get the wonderful taste of her cum. 

All three of us collapsed next to each other on the bed and Gina said she still wanted to taste Chuck. She slid between my legs and began to lick and poke with her tongue. She cleaned my pussy of Chuck's salty cum that was leaking out of me. Chuck just sat there enjoying the view and watched on as I had another orgasm with the thanks of Gina's tongue. 

After we all cleaned up a little Gina said she had to get home. Chuck and I both thanked her for a wonderful time. After she left, Chuck took me into his arms and told me he had a wonderful time and that it definitely was a dream come true. I told him that there wasn't anything that I wouldn't do for him and that I was glad to have been able to give him this. Chuck gave me a kiss and we made love again. I could tell the way he made love to me this time that even though I made this happen for him and that he enjoyed it immensely, that there would not be any more threesomes in our future, that I was the only one for him.