 Dan and Amy had enjoyed an open marriage since they said "I do" five years earlier. They enjoyed bringing home new lovers and watching each other in the act of love making. In those years though, they had never picked a person to share between them. 

At twenty nine, Dan was in his prime. He worked out every other day and ate right. He took good care of himself and it showed. The fact that he also had a cock that was above average in length and girth he liked to chalk up to having lived a good life in a previous incarnation.

Amy was a year younger and a classic beauty out of an Irish fairy tale, her red hair and green eyes belonged on a bodice ripper cover. While her breasts were small and pleasantly perky, her body had curves in all the places that men and adventurous women enjoyed.

"Amy, up for a little fun tonight?" Dan asked as he was putting on his tie that morning.

"What do you have in mind?"

Dan gave her a mischievous grin. "I've noticed a new waitress down, Gwen, down at Hardy's Pub, little blond with an ass almost as nice as yours. I thought it might be nice to see if she is interested in a little fun tonight."

Amy thought for a minute and then reached over and placed her hand on his crotch. "Not tonight, I think I want my man all to myself." She gave his balls a slight squeeze through his pants and smiled at his reaction.

"No problem babe, but I'm still going to grab lunch there and test the waters for later."

"Good, go and get good and horny before you come home to me tonight." She gave him a kiss and headed out of the bedroom to go to work.

-

The lunch crowd was small ate Hardy's Pub when Dan arrived. He glanced at the seating chart and made sure that he got a table in Gwen's section. A minute later she walked over to him with a sweet smile and plenty of 'better tip' cleavage showing. She was about Amy's age and gifted with amazing breasts, her brown hair framed her face beautifully.

"How are you today? My name's Gwen and I'll be taking care of you today." 

Dan raised an eyebrow and put on his half grin. "Be careful what promises you make Gwen, I might need a lot of taking care of."

She stopped and took a good look at Dan and smiled. She pulled a chair out and sat down at the table with him. "It's slow in here today, I have time to take extra care of my customers. Do you want to hear the specials, or do you see something you like already?"

"I see something that I would love to try and I bet it is special." Dan said.

Gwen leaned over the table and said in a quiet, husky whisper, "Special is an understatement."

A little over an hour later, Dan had finished his lunch and made arrangements to pick up Gwen at three o'clock when she got off work. He had been up front with her and she was aware of Dan and Amy's arrangement. He knew Amy wanted a night of lovemaking all to herself, but he figured a little warm up before she got home wouldn't hurt anything. 

He arrived on time and Gwen rode with him. She usually walked to work and Dan's apartment was only a few blocks away from her place. They both had one thing on their minds during the trip and thankfully it was short or they might have had to dress before getting out of the car. They got inside the door and instantly dropped any restraint they had showed up until then.

Gwen grabbed Dan around the waist and began kissing him. Her lips and tongue played over his mouth and neck as she guided him to an empty chair. When the back of his knees hit the chair she guided him into it and took a step back. Her fingers began to slowly unbutton her blouse while her eyes never left the grip of his eyes. 

"Now you just sit there and let me show you the specials on the menu today," she teased as her blouse hit the floor. Her skirt was next and soon Gwen stood before him in only her lace bra, panties and a wicked grin. She was so excited that her nipples tried to push through thin silk of her bra. "You should try the buffet, it's all you can eat." She let her bra land on top of her discarded clothes and slid her panties down her shapely legs. 

Dan took a moment to drink in her beauty. Gwen had brown hair and eyes, a small nose that gently turned up at the end and a wicked little grin full of promises. Her breasts were larger than Amy's but her pink nipples were nice and erect. He followed her thin waist to hips that were rounded in the best ways and a smoothly shaved spot in between two slender, shapely legs. He started to get up to join her in her naked beauty.

"Dan, you go to the bedroom and get ready. I am going to shower first. All that falling into each other's arms is sexy in the movies but I've worked today and want to give you a clean fresh dish to feast on." 

He laughed. "My compliments to the chef. The bathroom is on the right, towels are in there and the bedroom is across the hall. I'll be ready."

Dan watched as she walked to the bathroom. He was sure she was giving her round ass a little extra swing for his enjoyment and he damn sure loved it. He quickly picked up her things and carried them to the bedroom where he dropped them on the floor by the bed. His clothes quickly followed and he crawled into bed with his erection tenting the sheet.

Gwen crossed the hall while toweling herself off. The towel joined the clothes and she pulled down the sheets and joined Dan. She lay on her back and he rolled over and began kissing her gently while his hand began exploring the meal he had been looking forward to sampling for hours. Her back arched as his tongue drew circles around her nipples. His mouth tasted her damp skin as he traced circles on her flat stomach, easing his way down to the smoothness between her legs. She eased her legs open and ran his tongue down the tender crease between her thigh and heaven. He tasted the moisture there, it was a wonderful mix of the water from the shower and Gwen's own intoxicating juices. 

Dan slid off the edge of the bed to his knees. He gripped her thighs and pulled her over to him with her ass right to the edge. He slid his hands from her ass, up her thighs and held her open at the knees. He always loved to eat pussy in this position. It allowed him full access from butt crack to belly button and he loved to make every bit of it wet before he moved on to the next course on the menu. His tongue darted and lingered. He gently licked and kissed Gwen's smooth pussy while she moaned encouragement. He felt her beginning to tense a little and knew he wanted to feel her pussy with his tongue as it flexed through an orgasm. He concentrated on her clit and his tongue massaged it with a steady rhythm that she responded to immediately. Her one hand moved to the back of his head while the other gripped her breast. Her breathing became fast and shallow. Suddenly she stiffened and he tasted her pussy release its nectar into his open mouth. His tongue stopped its rhythm and rested on her clit while she worked through her orgasm.

When she relaxed, she took a deep breath and let out a sigh. "Mmm, lovely Dan but get up here and let me feel you in me."

Dan stood up, his erection pointing to the ceiling was already dripping pre-cum. He was about to get on the bed when he noticed a something out the window. Amy's car was here and she was getting out of it, three hours early.

"Gwen darling my wife is home. She won't make a scene but she did want a good fuck tonight."

"I was looking forward to one myself." Her expression was worried, not sure if he was lying about their open marriage or not. "I did have a good orgasm though and I usually only have one really good one anyway. What should I do?"

"We really don't have time for you to get dressed and out before she gets in here so we need to hide you for a little bit and I will try to get her out for a few minutes."

As Gwen slipped on her blouse and skirt, shoving her bra and panties in her purse she noticed that he didn't really look scared or nervous but just a little disappointed. She decided he must be telling the truth. "Look, let me get under the bed and you try to get her distracted enough for me to slip out." She had really wanted to return the oral favor he had given her but it was too late now.

"Thanks Gwen, I'll do something." He watched her slip under the bed and he got back in it.

"I'm home." Amy shouted as she came in and tossed her keys on the table.

"I'm in the bedroom." He shouted back. 

"Good, I slipped out a little early and now I want you to slip in a little early." She kicked her shoes off as she crossed the living room, starting to undress on the way.

Dan saw her as she stood in the bedroom door pulling her thong down to her ankles and stepping out of it. Naked, she quickly crossed the room and got into the bed. He didn't want to kiss her and have her taste Gwen's juices on his face. "Let's take a shower together." He suggested.

"After you get on top of me and give me some of that hard cock we can." Her hand wrapped around his cock as she said it.

He thought fast and slid off the bed again. "Let me get you good and ready first." He said as he pulled her into the position that Gwen had occupied only a few minutes before.

"Perfect babe, I'm already wet for you but can never turn down a little tongue teasing." She wiggled her ass right up to his face and spread wide for him.

Dan dove in and started licking his second helping of pussy for the day. Good thing pussy doesn't have calories he thought as his tongue lovingly caressed the folds of Amy's sweet pussy. As he was enjoying his wife's moans he felt a hand encircle his erect cock. Gwen was under the bed and holding his cock. Amy was enjoying herself too much to notice when he stiffened up. Suddenly what he felt wasn't a hand anymore but a set of soft lips around his hard cock. He wrapped his arms around Amy's thighs and buried his face in her pussy while bringing his knees closer to the bed to give Gwen a better angle to suck him. Gwen took advantage and started to use all of her skill on his cock. Dan was so excited from his earlier session with Gwen and his current situation that when Amy squeezed the thighs on his head and had a hard orgasm he lost control and shot loads of cum into Gwen's eager mouth. All three were breathing very hard.

"Give me just a second to recover babe. That was fantastic." Amy said as she stretched catlike on the bed, rolling over to make room for him. "We can fuck in a minute but I need a second to collect myself." She said as she rolled onto her stomach.

Dan got in the bed and rubbed Amy's back, hoping she wouldn't roll over and see his deflating penis. "No problem, we can take our time."

Amy's hand snaked out and reached for what she expected to be a raging hard-on. What she found was his cock at half mast and sinking, dribbles of cum on the tip along with a little red lipstick. "Did you cum from eating me?" She held his cock and saw a trace of guilt on his face. "Lipstick?" She looked disappointed now. "I thought we were going to wait until tonight."

"Sorry Amy, I thought you were going to be later than this. Come on out Gwen." Gwen slid out from under the bed and had a deer in the headlights look on her face.

"Don't be scared Gwen, we have an open marriage and usually we communicate better than this. It's not your fault he's a horny boy." Amy said as she assessed Gwen standing there in a blouse that was not buttoned correctly and a tight skirt. "Come join us."

Dan looked shocked. "Threesome Amy? You never wanted to do one before."

Amy looked at Gwen who still didn't look like she quite believed what was going on. "She is sexy, and it looks like it might take both of us to get you hard again." She said as she flicked his limp cock.

"Are you game Gwen?" Dan asked.

Gwen unbuttoned her blouse and let it fall to the floor. "Put me in coach." She left her skirt on the floor as Dan slide over closer to Amy so she could get into the bed.

Before she could get in Amy interrupted. "What are you doing Dan? Let her get in the middle, you're no good to either of us and need to be working on your own issue there." She pointed at his cock as she tossed the sheet to the foot of the bed. Dan moved to his side and Gwen climbed over him to get between the couple. 

Gwen looked back and forth between the two. "Now what?" 

Amy didn't waste any time as she grabbed Gwen by the chin and pulled her mouth to hers. She broke the deep kiss. "I know where my cum went now." 

Gwen had a sheepish grin on her face. "Um, sorry I guess."

"Were you blowing him while he was eating me? That gets me a little excited to tell you the truth. Too bad you weren't up here to share the cum with me. I hope you at least swallowed it." Amy said.

"My parents always taught me not to waste food." Gwen replied with a smile.

Amy looked at Dan over Gwen's shoulder. "I like her more and more." She grabbed Gwen by the back of the head and pulled her tight for a deep kiss. As their tongues danced in their open mouths Gwen's hand moved to Amy's breast and began to gently massage it. Amy moaned slowly into Gwen's mouth. 

Dan watched as his wife entangled herself with the other women. They had begun to look like a mass of snakes intertwined and writhing around each other. His cock quickly responded and started to grow erect again. He gave the women room to move on the bed as he enjoyed the show. Soon they had moved into a classic sixty nine position with Amy on top. He watched Gwen arching her neck to gently suck on Amy's hard clit. It was more than he could handle. He moved into position behind Amy and felt Gwen's hand grab his cock and pull it toward the open pussy that hovered over her face. Dan slide in slowly as Amy doubled her efforts on Gwen's pussy. 

Gwen watched the hard cock slide into the dripping pussy over her and ran her tongue from the little clit, across the exposed shaft and onto the shaved balls that not hung over her. She had a surprise for Dan stopped the couple. 

"What's going on?" Dan asked.

"Trust me." It was all Gwen needed to say.

Gwen kept Amy on top of her but slid between her legs so that her arms were behind Amy's thighs. "Mount up cowboy." She said to Dan and he slid closer so his knees touched her shoulders and guided his cock back into the waiting pussy of his wife. Gwen now had her arms free and went to work. She raised her head up and put her lips on those lovely shaved balls while her hands moved around to grab Dan by the ass. She adjusted to his rhythm while massaging his ass cheeks, gently working her hands between them. When her finger touched his asshole he tightened up slightly. She sucked one of his balls into her mouth and began gently rubbing his asshole and he relaxed back into his rhythm. Gwen felt Amy's fingers glide into her wet pussy as she insert her index finger up to the first knuckle in Dan's ass. He started fucking harder. Amy had three fingers in her when she slid her finger all the way into Dan. She wiggled her finger as her own pussy began to orgasm on Amy's masterful fingers. She felt Amy shiver and Dan's ass clenched tight as he shot his jet of cum into Amy's flexing pussy. It was tremendous.

It took twenty minutes for them to separate their entangle bodies, pull a sheet over their sweaty bodies and curl up like three cats on a cold night. Everyone slept soundly that night.