 WEDNESDAY (at Bargain Mart)

"I hate this place," Peter mumbled, as he stocked cans of soup.

Peter used to love his job at Bargain Mart. He would show up early or work late and take on extra duties just to help out - but not anymore. Since Sunday morning when Alicia broke up with him, he had already missed two days of work and he had shown up late every day this week. To anyone who paid attention to him, Peter had given up.

He had slumped into a depression since the break-up. Not only was Peter slacking off at work, but he was also neglecting duties at home. His mother seemed to be the only one who noticed his change in behavior.

His mother regularly checked on him to make sure he was doing alright. Peter would stay in his room all day, only leaving the house to go to work. She was concerned about him. She quickly grew to despise Alicia - who she blamed for Peter's current state. Every day since Sunday, she contemplated picking up the phone, calling Alicia, and cursing her out

Since Peter kept to himself, he hadn't discussed the details of the split with her. The only details she had were the things that were shouted by Peter in his room that morning. She knew that Alicia had fooled around on Peter and it made her angry. How could she do this to her poor son?

Peter took a deep sigh and put the last can on the shelves. His manager, Derek, approached him - startling him. Derek was someone who was impossibly optimistic. His attitude had rubbed off on Peter, but now it seemed to do nothing but annoy him.

"Hey Peter! How ya doin'? The shelves look great!" he chirped.

"Yeah...thanks," Peter mumbled.

"Say, I could really use your help, buckaroo. See, we're short staffed this weekend and I was wondering if..."

Peter cut him off, "No. I can't come in. I have something I'm doing."

"Oh...well, uh...nevermind then. I was...going to tell you that we let Gladys go this morning so we needed someone to..."

"Yeah, I can't do it," he repeated, cutting him off again.

"Alrighty tighty, I'll find someone else, Peter. No problem. Keep up the good work," Derek said, patting Peter on the back before walking away.

"Fucking asshole," Peter said, under his breath.

Meanwhile in Tommy's car, Alicia was upset that Tommy was driving to Bargain Mart.

"Why are you going there?" she asked.

Tommy chuckled, "Because I need some things. It's OK."

"No, it's not OK. You know Peter works there!"

"Yeah, so?"

She folded her arms and pouted, "You're doing it to start trouble. I've had enough trouble today. I don't want anymore."

"I'm not starting anything, babe. Chill out, alright? Look, you don't even have to get out of the car. You can stay in here, while I go inside and get what I need. OK?"

"Fine," was Alicia's response.

The rest of the car ride to Bargain Mart was quiet. This was the first time that Tommy and Alicia had had problems since they started dating Sunday night. Alicia didn't think it was a fight, but it definitely was their first disagreement. She wasn't quite sure if she believed what Tommy had to say. After all, some of his friends sent pictures from her gangbang Sunday night to Peter to torture him. Maybe he did come for some groceries, but maybe he also wanted to mess with Peter?

Tommy pulled up to Bargain Mart. He parked along the side of the building.

"Last chance. You coming in?"

Alicia looked at him and sighed, "No...I'm staying here."

"Fine. Suit yourself. Need anything?"

She didn't answer him. Tommy shrugged his shoulders and shut the car door.

Peter looked at the clock and found some relief - it was five minutes until his break. He couldn't wait. He finished unloading the last box of laundry detergent on to the shelves and walked into the back of the store.

"Fuck," he said quietly.

It was his co-workers, Marty and Lewis. He never liked them, even when he loved his job. Marty and Lewis were inseparable. They were always together, no matter what they did. They were both around his age. This meant that they went to high school with Peter.

They picked on him at school and at Bargain Mart. "Peter Peter Pecker-Eater" was one of the thousands of different childish nicknames the two came up with for him.

Marty had short black hair, which he styled with entirely too much gel. He was short, around 5'7", and lean. Lewis was almost identical to Marty, except that he had brown hair and was slightly taller.

"Hey Petey, what's up? Don't you have work to do?" Lewis teased.

"I'm not in the mood guys. I'm going on my break," he replied.

The two stopped him, so he couldn't walk passed them.

"Easy, Petey, don't get your panties in a bunch. We're just having fun with you. Come on, where's your sense of humor?" Marty asked sarcastically.

Peter didn't humor them with a response and instead pushed passed them. As he walked to the break room, he could hear them laughing at him.

In the car, Alicia waited for Tommy to come back. She was flipping through the stations on the radio trying to find something to listen to to distract her from where she was. She felt almost as uncomfortable as she felt earlier with Ricardo. This was too much for her to deal with in one day.

When she found a heavy metal song that she liked, so she turned it up, put her seat back, and closed her eyes.

Peter normally ate his lunch inside, but he had started taking his breaks outside lately. He didn't want to be inside any longer than he had to now. He grabbed his lunch out of the refrigerator and stepped outside.

He opened his bag and pulled out a sandwich, an apple, and a bottle of water. It was a pitiful excuse for a lunch and he knew it. He wasn't going to get full from eating it, but his food was the last thing on his mind. He didn't care what he ate, as long as he got away from the store for a few moments.

As he started eating, he saw the back door fly open - it was Marty and Lewis again.

Peter sighed and rolled his eyes.

"Hey buddy, we thought we'd take our breaks with you! How do you like that?" Lewis laughed.

The two sat on either side of Peter on the bench he was sitting on.

"What do you have there? Mommy make ya a lunch?" Marty teased.

Peter remained quiet. His way of dealing with this situation was to ignore them and hope they would go away.

It wasn't working.

Lewis grabbed Peter's bottle of water, while Marty grabbed his apple.

"I'm hungry," Marty said. "I'm thirsty," replied Lewis.

That was it. Peter had had enough of their games.

"Hey!" Peter shouted. "Give me my lunch back!"

The commotion had caught Alicia's attention. She didn't have the music up too loud, because she didn't want to be rude. She heard someone shouting in the distance and turned to see who it was - it was Peter. She was afraid that she would see him.

Despite not wanting to see Peter, she couldn't look away. She wanted to know why he was yelling without actually talking to him.

She saw two guys sitting next to him. She recognized who they were. Alicia disliked Marty and Lewis almost as much as Peter did.

In high school, they always teased her asking her why she was with Peter, when she could be with one of them? She always brushed them off and did the same thing Peter tried to do - ignore them.

"If you guys don't stop, I'm going to tell Derek!" Peter ordered.

"Oooh, Peter's gonna tell Derek. We're so cared," Marty said.

"He won't do anything. My dad plays golf with him, loser," Lewis laughed.

Peter decided to let them have his lunch. He got up and tried to walk away from them. Instead of letting him pass like they did earlier, they blocked him and started pushing him.

Alicia watched as their teasing went from being verbal to physical. She felt bad for cheating on him; she felt bad for him seeing pictures of her from Sunday night; and she felt bad for Peter being picked on. Even though Peter had been less than understanding about her and her life choices, there was still a soft spot in her heart for Peter. She hated seeing him get picked on.

She wondered what she should do. Should I go yell at them and tell them to stop? Or should I just stay in the car and pretend I didn't see anything? Maybe turn the music up higher and ignore what's going on?

Her conscience was getting the best of her. Alicia opened the passenger door and got out of the car. She walked toward Peter, Marty, and Lewis.

Peter's tormenters saw her before he did.

"Hey Leesh," Lewis said. "Lookin' good," Marty replied.

Peter turned around and stood there in shock. He couldn't believe that she was there. "What is she doing here?" he thought. It seemed like Peter's day had gone from bad to worse.

"Shut up," Alicia spat. "Leave him alone."

This took Peter completely by surprise. Why is she defending me? The same girl who broke his heart last weekend is standing up for him today. He couldn't understand why this was happening.

"Leave him alone? C'mon. We're just having some fun with him. We're friends, right, Petey?" Marty asked.

Again - Peter didn't say anything. He couldn't take his eyes off Alicia and she couldn't take her eyes off of him.

"You guys aren't friends. You've picked on him since high school. You're just two losers who have nothing better to do than pick on him. Grow the fuck up and leave him alone!"

Marty and Lewis looked at each other and burst into laughter.

"Or what?" Lewis asked.

She wasn't ready for that. Physically, she couldn't do anything to force them to stop bullying Peter. If she tried to fight them, it wouldn't end well for her. She wasn't sure what she could do to get them to stop picking on him.

"You...you just should, ok? Just stop it. Fun's over," she said.

Alicia's voice was met with laughter once again. Marty and Lewis knew she couldn't do anything to stop them and they found it hilarious. No one could stop them from teasing Peter - not Alicia, not their boss, not even Peter himself.

She was getting angrier with them by the minute. She got the guts to get out of Tommy's car and stand up for someone she didn't want to see ever again and now she's been made to look like a fool.

While the two kept laughing and shoving Peter, Alicia balled up her fists and clinched her teeth. Then she had an idea.

She looked around and saw that the back part of the building where Tommy had parked was deserted. Besides Tommy's car, Alicia, Peter, Marty, and Lewis - there was not another soul to be found.

Alicia prepared herself for what she was about to do. She took a deep breath and found her courage.

"I...I have a proposition for the two of you," she said in a shaky voice.

Marty and Lewis stopped pushing Peter and turned to her.

"Oh really? What's that, Leesh?" Lewis asked.

She didn't want to say what she was about to say. Peter had judged her for how she decided to live her life and went out of his way to make her look like nothing more than a common tramp. Why should she defend him? She should leave him there to get bullied to teach him a lesson - but she couldn't.

"If you two promise to leave him alone and never pick on him again...you can..." she gulped.

"...fuck me."

Their eyes lit up and they started high fiving each other.

"Are you for real? You'll fuck us? Right here? If we promise to leave Peter Puffer alone?" Marty asked, still a little unsure whether she was serious or not.

"Yes," she said.

"Alright! Let's do this. Marty, let's tag team this bitch," Lewis cheered.

"Fuckin' right man!" his friend replied.

Alicia locked eyes once again with Peter as she started to undress. She didn't say it, but her eyes told the whole story - "I'm sorry."

She slid her shorts down her legs and stepped out of them. Marty and Lewis weren't getting undressed. They unbuckled their pants and unzipped their flies. Instead, they wanted to watch her take her clothes off.

"All the way. C 'mon, bitch," Marty spat.

Alicia bit her lip, holding back a nasty remark. She put her thumbs in the waist band of her panties and slid them down her creamy white thighs. Standing in front of Marty, Lewis, and her ex-boyfriend, naked from the waist down behind Bargain Mart in broad daylight both embarrassed her and excited her.

She grabbed the bottom of her shirt and pulled it up, over her head and laid it down on the concrete on top of her shorts and panties. She put her hands behind her back and unclasped her bra. After removing it, her large, soft tits sprang free.

Without a stich of clothing on, Alicia asked, "So are you two going to stand there all day or are you going to fuck me? Let's get this over with."

The two moved in on her and started groping her. Peter looked sick, standing there, watching his tormenters fondling the only woman he ever loved.

Alicia dropped to her knees. She made sure to kneel down on her clothes so that she didn't have to bare the feeling of the scorching hot concrete beneath her. She decided it would be best to keep her shoes on.

She pulled down Lewis' pants and boxers, grabbed his already hard cock, and put it inside her mouth. With her other hand, she reached behind her and put it around Marty's.

"Duuuude...this is fucking awesome," Lewis moaned.

"Fuck yeah it is. Hey Petey, your girl gives a mean handjob! Haha!"

Alicia took Lewis' cock out of her mouth, looked up at them, and said, "We're not together anymore," then went back to sucking.

A few minutes went by. To Marty and Lewis the time had flown by. To Peter, it seemed like each second was eternity. Despite how repulsed he was at what was happening, he couldn't look away. He watched Alicia suck and tug at Marty and Lewis' cocks a few yards in front of him.

"Hey, this parking lot is too hot. Go get that a comforter from the back and bring it out here," Lewis said.

Peter was in a trance at what was happening and didn't know that he was being talked to.

"Petey? Go get the comforter. This parking lot is hot as shit!"

He looked at Alicia, who only nodded to him. He put his head down and walked back inside to get the comforter.

While he was gone, Marty and Lewis wanted to find out more about Alicia.

"So baby, are you single now or what?" Lewis probed.

"No, I have a boyfriend. He's in the store right now," she answered.

"Wait. You got a boyfriend and you're giving your pussy to us?" Marty asked.

"Yes. He doesn't care if I fuck other guys."

"He doesn't care that you're a slut? Haha! The perfect woman!" Lewis laughed.

Alicia took that as a compliment. She felt that Tommy was a lucky guy. Alicia would do anything for him, but she felt lucky too. Tommy accepted her for who she was and didn't judge her for acting on her urges.

"He's fine with me being a slut," she said in a dead serious tone.

Peter opened the back door. Marty and Lewis cheered, while Alicia still had one of their cocks in her mouth and her hand on the other. Peter had got a comforter.

Peter walked over to the three of them and laid it on the ground.

"Thanks, Petey," Marty laughed punching him in the shoulder.

Alicia stopped what she was doing. She stood up and walked over to the comforter. She loved sucking cock and enjoyed the taste of cum, but she wanted to get this over with. Instead of dropping to her knees again, she got on all fours and stuck her ass in the air - the same way she had done to Tommy Saturday morning when he blackmailed her into fucking him. It was also the same way she presented herself to Tommy's uncle Monday morning.

"She's ready, bro, I'm going first," Marty announced.

"Fuck, dude! Oh well, at least she's going to blow me," Lewis replied.

Marty moved in behind Alicia and guided his cock into her pussy. He knew that Alicia was only doing this to save Peter's ass, but Marty was surprised at how wet she was.

"This bitch is soaking, dude. She's totally into this!" he shouted. Lewis met his words with laughter as Alicia kept sucking his cock.

Marty didn't waste any time fucking her. Instead of taking it slow, Marty plowed into her repeatedly. Her soft, full breasts bounced wildly beneath her with every thrust.

The only sounds that could be heard behind Bargain Mart were birds chirping, two men groaning, and bodies slapping. The one sound that couldn't be heard were Alicia's soft moans. The only person who could tell she was moaning was Lewis, who felt the reverberation on his cock while she had it in her mouth.

"Hey man...where are you gonna cum?" Lewis asked his friend.

"Du-dunno...thought about on her face...maybe those big 'ol titties...not sure," Marty answered.

Alicia took Lewis all the way into the back of her throat, showing off her lack of a gag reflex.

"Oohhh fuck! She can take it all the way in her mouth! I'm in love!" Lewis moaned.

"I'm going to cum in her mouth...I've decided..." Marty said, pounding into Alicia.

"Great fucking...idea, dude...she's going to drink both of our loads. Can you handle that bitch?"

Once again, she took Lewis' cock out of her mouth to answer, "Yes. I've drank cum before..."

"Oh really? Haha! How much?"

"This past Sunday? Eleven loads," she answered, somewhat proud of herself.

After saying it, she went back to sucking Lewis' cock and saw Peter out of the corner of her eye. She immediately regretted saying that. She remembered how much pain the pictures from her second gangbang brought him.

She couldn't worry about Peter's feelings though, she needed to hurry up and finish these boys off as quickly as she could.

"You done yet man? Don't hog the pussy," Lewis said.

"Hey man, I ain't done yet. Wait your turn," Marty spat.

"Dude, you've been fucking her for like five minutes now. I...love getting head as much as the next...guy, but if she keeps this up, I'm going to cum without having fucked her."

Their squabble gave Alicia an idea.

She pulled Lewis out of her mouth and detached herself from Marty's cock. 

"What the fuck?" the two of them asked. "What are you doing, bitch?"

She stood up, put her hands on her hips, and told them her idea, "Look, Marty doesn't want to stop fucking me and Lewis wants a turn, so why don't you both fuck me at the same time?"

They looked at each other in disbelief.

"You mean..."

"Yes. One of you in my pussy and one of you in my ass. When you're done, pull me off you and you two can cum in my mouth. Deal?"

"Deal!" they said in unison.

Lewis laid down on the comforter and pointed his dick in the air. Alicia straddled him and spit on two of her fingers. She took her fingers and used to lubricate her asshole, before sitting down and guiding Lewis' cock inside her.

Once Lewis was inside her ass, she laid back and opened her legs as wide as she could. She looked at Marty and cooed, "Come and get it, asshole."

Marty wasted no time in getting back inside her pussy. Peter couldn't help but watch his ex-girlfriend being double penetrated in the parking lot behind his job.

Alicia loved the feeling of having two dicks inside her. It was a sensation she fell in love with Sunday night and desperately wanted to try again. Even though she was being double fucked by two of the most annoying boys on the planet in front of Peter - she didn't care. All of her worries were quickly being ignored and the only thing she concerned herself with was enjoying herself. She had tried hard not to show Marty or Lewis that she was enjoying it, but that façade was soon fading away.

"Oh! Oh! Oh! Fuuuuck!" she shouted.

Marty, Lewis, and Peter's lit up. That shocked them. To Marty and Lewis, it was a welcome surprise. To Peter, it was additional torment. He didn't want her to fuck them. He especially didn't want her to fuck them and enjoy it.

"You like that you dirty fucking bitch?" Lewis teased. "You like being used by us?"

"Yes! Oh fuck yes! Use me! Fuck my ass! Fuck my pretty little pussy! I'm...a fucking slut!"

