 I wasn't lying there long when I heard the door open again and Mark calling my name. Then there was a gasp and hurried footsteps. Moments later the gag and blindfold were finally removed. "What happened?" he said, alarmed, "Are you OK?"

"Can you just undo these cuffs first," I asked, "The key's over there in my bag." 

Mark undid the cuffs and I groaned and rubbed my wrists which had stiffened up after being held captive for so long. He lay down on the bed and held me as I told him what had happened, right up to the phone call which had put a stop to the proceedings. "But I don't understand," he said, "how did they get in?" 

"He was called Marcus," I explained, "I guess they just got it wrong at reception, especially if he had a similar surname. They did seem terribly disorganised down there."

"Did they hurt you?" he asked, "It feels like we should be reporting them or something but if it was a genuine misunderstanding I'm not sure what we could report them for. It would probably just embarrass you for no purpose." 

I agreed with him. I thought back over the events of the afternoon and was surprised to feel a warm tingle of arousal. To my horror Mark noticed. "You enjoyed it didn't you?" he accused. I started to object but to my surprise he was smiling. "Don't try to deny it, you've gone all red and you're squirming."

I got up, trying to retain a little dignity. "I'm going to have a shower, I feel a bit...crusty."Mark burst out laughing and I stuck my tongue out at him before stalking into the bathroom trailing bits of torn clothing as I went. 

However much I had actually enjoyed the earlier antics it was a relief to get under a hot shower and wash the dried cum from my body. I massaged luxurious quantities of soap into my breasts, feeling my nipples harden again from the attentions. As I shampooed my hair I heard the bathroom door open and Mark stuck his head round. "I'm just going to get something from the car," he called. He needn't have bothered, I spent so long in the hot shower that he was back before I emerged from the bathroom in clouds of steam clad in just a sheer black robe. 

Mark looked at me. "What a ridiculous piece of clothing," he said, "It hides nothing." Before I could answer there was a knock at the door and Mark went to answer it. Ignoring the fact that I was effectively naked he opened it wide, allowing whoever was outside a good view. A man I had never seen before stood there, holding a bottle of expensive champagne. 

"Can I come in?" he asked. I froze. The last time I had heard that voice it was telling Julie he was going to fuck my arse. I looked at Mark, speechless. As Marcus came into the room he was followed by a woman I could only assume to be Julie. Marcus spoke, "Err, I'm not sure what to say really. I hope you understand that it was a genuine mistake. Our friend is a little, erm, exuberant and that was exactly the sort of thing he'd do. We brought this by way of apology." He proffered the bottle. 

"That was the actual present," explained Julie, "not as extravagant as we thought. I hope there are no hard feelings." I was surprised to find that I was entirely ready to forgive them, the distracting tingle in my nipples as I remembered her hot mouth sucking on my breasts may have had something to do with this.

"No, none at all," I said eventually.

"Excellent!" exclaimed Mark, "I suggest we share this delicious looking peace offering while you tell me exactly what you did to my wife." There was a loud pop as the cork flew from the bottle and Mark began pouring it into 4 glasses which were standing on a table. I was sure they hadn't been there earlier, I looked at him suspiciously as he handed me a glass. "Cheers!" 

"Thank you," said Marcus, "I'm glad you came to sort things out. We wanted to apologise but weren't sure we'd be welcome." 

I looked sharply at Mark. He grinned sheepishly. "I went to find them while you were in the shower," he explained, "I told reception they'd left something here and got their room number." His leaned close to my ear and his voice dropped to a whisper, "I want to hear exactly what they did to you, you enjoyed it after all and I feel like I missed out." 

I looked at him for a moment. "OK, they can stay for a drink but I need to get dressed."

"Really? Everyone here has already seen it all," he said with a grin. He ducked out of the way laughing as I aimed a half hearted slap at him. I picked up my glass and had a drink. I was reluctant to start hunting around in a suitcase and in the end just sat in the corner of a sofa hugging a cushion to protect the remains of my modesty. 

Everyone sat down and Marcus started to tell Mark how they had found me and jumped to a massive conclusion. I didn't contribute anything, I agreed entirely with his account and anyway I was concentrating on trying to ignore my increasing arousal as he recounted how he had ripped off my dress to allow Julie access to my body before fucking me hard as she licked and sucked my breasts. I couldn't help a small moan escaping my lips as he described how my climax had made him cum all over me. There was silence for a few moments after he finished then Mark spoke softly. "So if the phone hadn't rung when it did, what would you have done next?"

Marcus looked slightly sheepish and said nothing. "He wanted anal," said Julie, "But we were both a bit disappointed that she couldn't do oral because of the gag." By now my pussy was practically dripping and I hoped that everyone would attribute my flushed cheeks to the champagne. Not a chance. Mark knew exactly how turned on I was. He slid along the sofa towards me and removed my safety cushion. He grinned when he saw my rock hard nipples through the sheer fabric and I moaned as he slid his hand up my thigh. 

I reached up and pulled his head down into a hard kiss, his hand slid up and stroked my breast through the flimsy robe. My nipples were painfully aroused by now and I cried out as he dipped his head down to take one in his mouth, his hand still on my other breast. I heard a soft sigh from across the room and opened my eyes to see Marcus and Julie in a passionate embrace. I watched as his hand snaked across her hip and under her top, sliding up towards her breast. She arched her back in pleasure as his fingers reached her nipple and then pushed him away for just long enough to pull her top off over head in one fluid movement. She wasn't wearing anything underneath and her breasts looked amazing, full and pert and inviting. I was itching to feel them, to lick and suck them as she had done to mine. Instead Marcus bent his head to lightly bite her nipples, making her gasp with pleasure. He moved his hands to her waist and as she arched her back again he slid her short black skirt down her legs and threw it to the floor leaving her in just a tiny thong and a pair of 4inch heels. 

Mark pulled me to my feet and led me over to the bed. As I lay down I realised Marcus and Julie were following. She lay down next to me and I couldn't help myself reaching over to kiss her. She kissed me back hard and I barely felt the hands at my waist untying my robe. As I rolled further over towards Julie the robe was peeled away from me leaving me naked. I was past caring. Her hot mouth on mine and her breasts rubbing against mine were driving me wild. I pushed her down onto her back and kissed my way down her neck slowly determined to relish every taste of her body. She moaned and writhed under me as I finally touched her breasts, cupping them in my hands and thumbing her nipples into even harder peaks. As my tongue reached her nipple she arched her back, thrusting her pussy up towards me. I licked and sucked, enjoying her response, acutely aware now of Mark watching me, wondering how far I would go. As I reluctantly moved away from her breasts, trailing my tongue down across her flat stomach I heard him whisper, "Fuck me, I didn't think she would..." 

Before today I wouldn't have thought so either but now nothing was going to stop me, I wanted to taste Julie's pussy, wanted to feel her thrashing under me as I sucked on her clit and made her cum. As I reached the point of no return I stopped and looked up at her face. Her eyes were closed and her face flushed, she was breathing heavily and I saw a grimace of disappointment flash across her face as she felt me move away. She lifted her hips to allow me to slide the thong down her legs. She groaned with lust as I dipped my head back down to tease her clit with the tip of my tongue. I began to lap at her soaking wet pussy, gentle maddening strokes which left her desperate for more. I could see her body straining trying to push her clit harder against my mouth but I kept up the light teasing strokes for a few moments before taking pity on her. I started licking more firmly, alternating with nibbling gently on her clit. I slid my finger inside her, she was so wet that I added first one and then another finger, insistently massaging the inside of her pussy. I could feel her starting to tighten up around my fingers, her moans were getting loader and I knew she was close. I closed my lips around her clit and sucked it into my mouth. It was enough to send her over the edge, she cried out and her hips started thrashing. I could feel the pulsing tremors inside her pussy. She opened her eyes and smiled at me.

My body was desperate for some attention now, I looked up and noticed that the boys were also naked and rock hard. Marcus was standing next to the bed lightly stroking his cock. To my surprise he bent down and kissed me. "My turn?" he whispered, reaching out a hand to fondle my breast. "Just to warm me up a bit before I fuck you again. I know you want something in your cunt now." I looked up at Mark for reassurance. He nodded, smiling. He was also stroking his cock and I figured he had plans for Julie. 

I knelt up and kissed Marcus, pressing my naked breasts against his chest and shivering as he ran his fingers down my back and over my arse. His cock felt huge and all of a sudden I wanted to taste it. He sat down on the edge of the bed and I knelt in front of him. I took his cock in my hand and ran my tongue all the way up from base to tip before concentrating on the head. He moaned as he felt my tongue licking around the top of his cock before I took just the tip into my mouth, sucking and swirling my tongue. He gasped as I opened my mouth wide and slid his cock in as far as it would go, "Oh God, that feels good." Mark's moans and gasps could also be heard now as Julie had taken his cock into her mouth and was sucking and licking with enthusiasm.

"She loves giving blow jobs," confided Marcus, "Aaah!" This last as I slid a finger round to tease his arsehole. "Stop!" he said. I looked up, confused. "I don't want to come in your mouth," he said, "well, not this time." He pulled me up to my feet and I climbed onto the bed. Lying behind me he pulled me tightly against him and I could feel his cock pushing against my back as he fondled my breasts before sliding one hand down and stroking my pussy. I pushed back against him, desperate for more. He chuckled, "did you want something? Tell me." I wriggled against him, so horny that I'd almost forgotten how to speak. "Not good enough," he said, "tell me what you want."

"I want you to fuck me," I managed to blurt out, "I want your cock. I need my cunt filled." 

"Good girl," said Marcus and pushed me onto all fours. With a sense of relief I felt his cock slide into me. As he began to thrust into me I felt a touch on my face. I looked round. Julie was lying on her back next to me playing with her tits as Mark fucked her. She reached over to kiss me and I sucked her tongue into my mouth as she reached out to fondle my tits. 

Suddenly Marcus stopped and I almost cried with frustration. "Hey Mark, I've fucked your wife twice now and you haven't had a go," he said, "I'm sure Julie would like to sit on your face while you do." Mark needed no second bidding, he pulled out of Julie and lay on his back. I straddled him and lowered myself onto his cock. I was so desperate to cum by now that I didn't really care who I fucked. As I started to slide up and down, grinding against him, Julie lowered her pussy onto his eager mouth, facing me so she could kiss me and reach my tits as he licked her clit. 

I briefly wondered what was in it for Marcus, he struck me as more of a participant than a voyeur but I wasn't wondering for long. As I felt something cold and wet I remembered his comment of this afternoon and realised he was going to fuck my arse. I felt a thrill of excitement at the thought tinged with apprehension, could I really fit both of them? I slowed down as I felt the head of his cock positioning itself at my rear and tried to relax as it started to slide into me. Mark couldn't see what was going on and tried to thrust into me again. "Hang on a minute mate," called Marcus, " let me just get my cock in." There was a sharp pain and I cried out. Marcus stopped and his cock slid out, he applied more lube and this time slid in up to the hilt. I felt fuller than I have ever felt and I knew It wouldn't be long before I came. Marcus started thrusting, slowly at first and then faster. It took a few moments but we got a rhythm going. Every timeI slid down on Mark's cock I ground my clit against him and the sensation of two cocks sliding in and out was incredible. I could feel the tension start to build and both Mark and Marcus were starting to breathe heavily, they were close to coming as well.

"I'm going to cum in you this time," growled Marcus, "I'm going to fill your arse with cum while he fills your cunt," He reached round and pinched my nipples, it was all I needed to push me over and I came in a shattering orgasm. 

"Oh God! I'm cumming," shouted Mark and did, filling my cunt with hot spunk. At the same time Marcus grunted and shot his load deep into my arse. We collapsed together in a messy sticky heap. 

We must have dozed off. When I woke I was lying on the bed in Mark's arms. Marcus and Julie had gone. On the bedside table there was a piece of paper with a phone number and a message. "Call us next time you're in town. M&J."