 My beautiful wife was laying on the bed totally naked bound and blindfolded breathing quickly wondering what was going to happen next. She had asked me to tie her up and surprise her with a very kinky night a few weeks ago and tonight would be that night.

Two weeks ago she was laying in our bed after a very intense love-making session when she told me that she had always wondered what it felt like to experience a different man.

When we married 30 years ago she was a virgin and never in her life had gotten to experiment with other guys. I was her first kiss, her first lover and only lover in her life. She said she couldn't ever cheat on me but was curious about how other men where in bed. She also told me that while I am away on business that sometimes she would masturbate while fantasizing about a different man making love to her not just making love but more like a hard rough take me now sex. She then kissed me and insisted that it was just a fantasy and would never dream of being unfaithful. 

The following Monday I was off to a job that would keep me from home for a few weeks. After a day of meetings and inspections I had just returned to my hotel room when she texted me.

Mary's text. Hey babe how you doing?

Leonard's text. Just got to hotel after dinner with the clients just watching some stupid show. How is my sexy wife?

Mary's text. Just laying here watching tv feeling horny and hoping you could help me with that.

Leonard's text. Oh really I think I can do that but you will have to play along with me lol.

Mary's text. You tease, but I will try my best you know it's hard for me to play much because I start laughing.

Leonard's text. I know but just try lol.

Mary's text. Ok will try. How should we start?

Leonard's text. First I want you to text me a naked pic of your self while your rubbing your pussy.

A few minutes later my phone chirps and it's a picture of my wife naked looking seductive at the camera while one hand placed between her thighs rubbing her self. Under it a text saying hey stud look what I am doing just for you. 

Leonard's text. OMG woman I don't know who you are but I wish I was there to see more. 

Mary's text. Lol sorry I meant to send that to my husband. 

Leonard's text. I must say he is one very lucky man to have such a sexy naughty wife to send him such dirty pictures. I am glad it came me. By the way my names Eric.

Mary's text. Well thanks I guess I feel embarrassed because I have never showed my body to a complete stranger before.

Leonard's text. Then I guess I am the luckiest man on earth tonight because I have seen a real goddess. So tell me way isn't your hubby there to worshiping your incredible body. If I was him I would be all over you licking, kissing, then fucking you till we both are drained. 

Quickly getting on the internet and finding images of nude cowboys I picked a rugged, muscular guy doing a selfie in the mirror. He looked to be in his mid 30's, tanned, muscular body, wearing just a cowboy hat and chaps with a long thick cock hanging out for all to see.

Mary's text. Oh really and what makes you think I would even let you in the same room as me must less even be naked around you!!

Attaching the image I found and hitting the send button I waited for her response. What she texted back got my cock hard quickly.

Mary's text. Goddamn cowboy I wouldn't kick you out of bed except to ride you on the floor. Your body is fucking hot and that huge cock of your makes me want to taste your cum. Then I would get on all fours and let you ride hard till I was broken in by that cock.

Leonard's text. Well before you could handle this stallion I would have to really make you wet by sucking and licking your clit until I am able to slowly get three fingers inside you. That way my big cock would fit.

Mary's text. Oh god please suck my clit,please fuck me with your fingers. Please make me cum, please fuck me with that huge cock, I want to feel it deep inside me till you can't hold back any longer and fill my pussy with cum. 

Leonard's text. That's it sexy feel my cock pounding in you,throbbing with each stroke, stretching wider as I pound all 9 inches balls deep. Your pussy tingling and wet from orgasm. Till I explode deep in side of you.

Nothing texted back for a few minutes then I got a text from my wife saying thank you she was very tired after our chat and was going to sleep now but she loved me.

The rest of the two weeks away from each other was normal text and conversation with teasing about Eric on occasion. 

The night before I was to return home we talked on the phone and she wanted to know what I had in store for a kinky night of fun on my return. I told her didn't really have a plan in my head but we will get something going she would hopefully enjoy. 

I told her to go out tomorrow and get her a really sexy dress something low-cut with a short skirt and some sheer underwear, and some fuck me heels. To be ready when I got home at 7 the next night we would go to dinner then the country western bar after and dance and have a few drinks. 

As I came through the door the next night just before 7 she was dressed in a black form mini dress that really showed off her cleavage. It was pressing so tightly on her. She wore no bra because you could really make out her hard nipples through the material. Black thigh highs and 4" pumps which made her ass look full under the dress. Kissing hard I ran my hands all over her body feeling every inch of her body. Breaking the kiss I told her I could just rip her dress off tight here and now and fuck her but I really needed to romance her tonight and later I would rock her world like she rocks mine.

At dinner we sat side by side teasing each other under the table. I lightly stroked her thinly cover pussy under her dress while she rubbed my cock through my jeans 

After dinner we went to the country western bar just a few miles from our home found a booth in a dark corner ordered our drinks and continued what we was doing at dinner. After a few drinks and dancing sitting at our booth still teasing her damp pussy through the thin layer her eyes closed the verge of a orgasm. I whispered in her ear when I tell I want you to open your eyes pick a cowboy that you would think would be Eric from our texts and point him out. She moaned and nodded yes then I told her ok now find Eric. She opened her eyes quickly looking around the bar then pointed towards the dance floor. Looking over in the direction was a cowboy about six foot two not as muscular as the pic I sent her but still very fit and muscular. He was early 40-ish dark hair dancing with a 20 something blonde he was behind her and she was slightly bent forward grinding her ass into his crotch. I then whispered to my wife ok picture your self in her place with Eric you grinding on his cock while dancing him running his hands up and down your body to the beat of the music all the while I was rubbing her clit under the table. Suddenly her legs clamped on my hand as she orgasm while watching the couple dance. 

When her body finally relaxed and her breathing slowed she stood and excused herself to go to women room. I ordered us another round of drinks and waited on her return. 

A few minutes later she returned more composed the when she left. Sitting beside me once again and placed the very wet panties in my hand she smiled and whispered she what you have done and I me. I excused myself to go to the restroom tucking the panties into my pocket as I walked away. 

When I returned to the booth she wasn't there looking around bar I spotted her dancing with the man she picked out as Eric. The dance wasn't as sexual as the early dance with the blonde but was a slow erotic couples song. I sat down watching my wife dance but it was short-lived as the song ended and he escorted her back to our table. 

My wife introduced him with a laugh and said hunny you won't believe it but his name is Eric. He ask me to dance while you was gone I hope that was ok. I said it was ok Eric put his hand out towards me apologizing for stealing my wife but he really loved that song and she was the only really beautiful woman not dancing. I said that it was only a dance. He thanked me for allowing him the pleasure of her company then shook her hand then moved off towards the bar. 

My wife leaned in to kiss me and asked if I was ok. I told I was but she need to tell me something. She looked at me quizzed and asked what? Knowing she was still sexually charged up I asked her did he get hard while dancing with her and that she needed to tell me the truth. She looked into my eyes paused for a moment then admitted yes he did. Then I asked her was he hung like the Eric from our text. She said no sadly but I would say he is as big as you are. I then told her answer my last question then we are going home and having some really hot sex. She nodded yes and I asked her if you was single and he was your date tonight would you go home with him and fuck him. My wife knows I can see through her best poker face and she looked down for a second then back into my yes she claimed she would. 

We left the bar arm on arm to our car the drive home was like a race. As we shut the door behind us I kissed her hard told to shower and come to bed naked. She went to shower I pulled out restraints hooking them to each corner of our bed. Placing a blindfold on my night stand and waited for her return. When she appeared I grabbed her tightly kissing and feeling her naked skin lead her to the bed placing her on her back I then secured her arms then her legs. I then placed the blindfold over her eyes before I slipped my finger between the folds of her pussy. Gently stroking her I leaned in whispered in her ear that she was going to stay just like this till I return from my shower. Then placed ear buds in her ears and turned on the music to where she was under my complete control. Looking down at her tied up blindfolded breathing quickly wondering what was going to happen next. 

After a quick shower I returned her breathing was more relaxed but quickly changed as I ran my finger across her slit leaning in close to her I pulled one ear bud from her ear whispering just a few more moments love before I start but remember babe I am still watching you. Placing the ear bud back in place I stood up just as I heard the knock at the door. I went to the door opening it up to allow Eric in. His real name wasn't Eric but I asked him to say it was. Because after my wife went to the restroom I approached him and asked him to be part of my wife's kinky sex night. To which he agreed. I had noticed him stealing glimpses of my wife all night. I told after she returned that I would leave. He would ask her to dance to a slow song. Then we would leave shortly afterwards and drive home and he should follow us. Then give me an hour to have everything set up. All to which was going as planned. 

We moved to the bedroom while my bound, blindfolded wife awaited. His eyes feasted on her body on display. Looking at me I whispered get undressed and she is all yours. 

He stripped his clothes off and I realized that my wife had a better poker face then I though because his cock wasn't about like mine but was bigger than the photo I sent her in the text. 

His cock was at least 10" long and as thick as a soda can. I watched as he moved towards the bed how it swung side to side with each step. He reached out both hands and took her 38 c cup breast in each hand groping them and pinching her hard nipples. My wife then moaned as he lowered his mouth sucking on each one for a good 10 minutes. Then he moved down kissing her belly till he reach her smooth mound. His hands spreading her open showing the real wetness glistening from her folds. He started licking and sucking her clit slowly working a finger into her. She gasped at the feel then raised her hips up and arched her back to met each trust of his fingers. She started moaning as he slipped another into her pussy. As he did this her movements quickened as his tongue worked her clit and the fingers drove in and out until her body became rigid and a orgasm washed over her from head to toe. 

He slowly pulled out of her kissing her lips before sitting back up. My wife's caught her breath then I heard her beg me to let her suck my cock. I nodded at him and he moved up beside her head she turned towards his cock opened her mouth and he guided that monster passed her lips. I think she figured out that very second because she paused for a moment frozen but then she started to really suck hard on his cock. He grabbed the back of her head and started fucking my wifes face she wasn't about to be bested so she swallowed every inch of his cock over and over again. I watched him tense up as he started to shooting his seed down her throat as she swallowed all of it. She pulled off his cock caught her breath then said who ever you are you better not be finished yet my pussy needs to feel that cock inside. My dear husband I want you to remove the ear buds and the binds so he can fuck your wife doggie. I remove the ear buds and we both undid her restraints she rolls over on to her hands and knees presenting her backside to him although still blindfolded she looks back towards him and says. You going to fuck my pussy or not. Now I can see that his cock is still hard. She then ask well can you or not answer me. 

He speaks up with a yes and slides between her legs. He lines up with her opening slowly pushes his cock into her folds. She gasps then say go slowly you're so big. He allows her to adjust then starts rocking his hips slowly working inch after inch into her till he bottoms out. 

She moans hard then says ok fuck me now cowboy I want you to ride this cowgirl for all your worth. He starts pumping in and out slowly as my wife tells me to watch as she fucks him. She then says ok fuck me hard now. That's all he needed because he grabbed her hips and started to pound his cock in her cunt deeply. 

The rooms echoed with bare skin slapping skin and my wife's screams and moans. Her lust was at a high and her mouth spilled the words fuck me fuck me hard. He keep driving and she would push back meeting each stroke as he drove his hips forward. She yelled out for him to fill her pussy with his hot cum over and over again. Suddenly he tensed up slammed into again and she cried out yes cum in me. He emptied his balls into her and started to collapse she felt him soften up till he completely soft.

She then told him to get dressed and for me to lead him out then come back to her alone this time. He dressed made his way to the door and left into the night. 

I returned to our room and told her he was gone. She removed the blindfold told me to lay on my back. When I did she moved her hips over mine grabbed my hard cock then lowered herself on to me. 

She told me was a fun experience but should we ever do anything like that again it would have to be a agreement between us. We made love 2 times that night before falling asleep.