 "Hey Major Christen."

I looked up as I heard my name, and tried not to grin as I saw the two girls waving at me. I was sitting in the BX food court eating an ice cream cone on my lunch break, just relaxing, and I waved back to them. They walked over and I took the time to look at the two of them. 

I figured they either had the day off or were working a night shift as they were both in civilian clothes while I was wearing my uniform. Airman Amy Hendricks was about 5'7, long black hair, slender with a huge pair of tits that I always figured had to be fake. Didn't stop me from looking at them though. Airman Sarah Nace was about an inch shorter, probably a bit more stocky but still pretty good looking. Both were in their early 20s and had worked for me for about a year while I was in charge of the base Command Post. I swapped jobs a few months back so I hadn't seen them lately, which was too bad.

I stood up as they reached my table and asked how they had been doing. The usual stuff; work, traveling around the island we were stationed on, complaints about their new boss. After a few minutes Airman Nace started making fun of me for eating an ice cream cone for lunch. I laughed and told her that it was my birthday, and since my wife and kids were back in the States visiting family I figured I'd celebrate by myself and get an ice cream cone. Even if it was lunch time. 

"How old are you today then?" Hendricks asked. I told her I was turning 36, so they gave me some grief for that. I guess when you're only 21 then 36 seems pretty old. I was in decent shape though, the military ensured that. Or at least scared you into working out so you wouldn't get kicked out. I'm about 5'10, 190lbs, short blond hair and green/brown eyes depending on the day.

After a few more minutes they said goodbye and began walking back to the main BX. Hendricks suddenly turned and asked me when my family would be getting back from the States? "Two and half weeks or so," I said, waved goodbye, went back to finishing my ice cream before it melted all over me. I spared a happy moment watching them walk away, then pretty much forgot about it as I headed back to work and the rest of my week.

That Friday night I had pretty much forgotten about the entire episode, finishing up dinner as the doorbell rang. I was surprised, but figured my neighbor needed to borrow something. I'd mostly be hanging out by myself since my wife left; my friends were deployed or busy with their families. Since my family was gone, I was enjoying the quiet rather than hang out with someone else's kids. 

When I opened the door I was extremely surprised to see Airman Hendricks and Nace standing there. They both smiled. "Happy Birthday!" It was then I noticed that Nace had a small bakery box with a cake inside. She saw me looking and explained "You shouldn't be by yourself for your birthday, even if it is a few days late. Aren't you going to invite us in?" Of course with that I moved aside and motioned them inside, still shocked that they showed up at my house. 

Nace immediately went to the kitchen with the cake while Hendricks walking into the living room and looked around. I could hear Nace digging through the drawers, apparently looking for silverware or something, so I figured she had it under control. Hendricks grinned at me, laughing at my hesitation, and asked for a tour. There wasn't much to see, it was a small base house, but I dutifully walked her down the hall and showed her the bedrooms, computer room, and the ever exciting bathroom before bringing her back to the living room. While we were walking back into the living room she told me that they figured it'd be nice to bring me a cake before they went out to a party later on. I couldn't argue with that, so I went into the kitchen to help Nace while Hendricks started looking through my movies.

Nace had found the plates and forks but asked me if I had any candles. I laughed and told her that I didn't have thirty six of them, but she could probably find a few in the drawer behind her. She turned and pulled open the drawer and I had to admire the view as she leaned over. She was wearing as short pair of shorts and a loose tshirt, and it definitely looked nice. She popped back up with a couple of candles as I got her the matches, she then handed me the plates and forks and told me to set them up on the table. 

Hendricks went into the kitchen to help Nace, and they both came back singing Happy Birthday. Nace had stuck six or so candles in the small cake, so I blew them out and started cutting out some slices. Hendricks ran back into the kitchen and came back with a bottle of wine that had been sitting on top of the fridge and some glasses and asked if I minded if she opened it up. I wasn't going to say no after they were nice enough to stop by, so she also grabbed some glasses and poured us each a generous serving. 

Hendricks, who was wearing a loose knee length skirt and a tshirt, asked if I would put in "Grandma's Boy" while we ate, so I threw that in as we started eating. It's a rather mindless comedy, but definitely entertaining, so we sat down and began to eat. The pieces of cake disappeared, the wine was drunk, and we laughed at the movie and chatted back and forth. No one got seconds of cake, but we all refilled our glasses and the conversations turned more flirtatious as the movie went on. 

About halfway through the movie they're having a party, and some random girl peeled off her shirt exposing some rather large tits. Nace giggled and announced loudly that those had to be fake. Hendricks disagreed just as loudly, saying that you can have real tits that big. Suddenly she turned to me and asked if I thought her tits were real or fake. After two glasses of wine I tried hard not to stare at the tits in question as I told her, honestly, that based on how big they were compared to her frame I had always figured they were fake. Very nicely done fakes of course, but not real. 

Even though she had also had at least two glasses of wine I was still completely unprepared when she immediately set down her glass and pulled her tshirt over her head. I heard Nace ask "Amy what the hell are you doing!" as Hendricks reached around her back and unclipped her bra, tossing it on the floor on top of her shirt. She looked at me and grin, cupping her chest with her hands and giving them a squeeze. "See," she yelled loudly, "they're real!" 

She was sitting on the other end of the couch from me and I had a great view as she thrust them toward me. "Common, give them a squeeze and tell me if you still think these are fake!" I looked over briefly at Nace, who was sitting on a chair a few feet away. She was just staring in shock, but she wasn't freaking out and running away so I figured I at least had a moment or two before she convinced Hendricks to put her shirt back on. 

I shifted across the couch as Hendricks reached out and grabbed my hands, pulling them up to her chest. They were huge, much bigger then my wife's, and certainly felt real to me. She grinned as I told her so and told me "You're not squeezing hard enough to tell, common!" That was all the encouragement I needed as I began to massage them, feeling her nipples harden as I pinched them. I leaned forward, and as she offered no resistance I bent down and ran my tongue over the top of one of her breasts. I looked back up at her face, she had her eyes closed and I felt her hand grabbing the back of my head, pulling me back to her tits. I began to run my tongue over them, kissing and sucking on her nipples as she ran her fingers through my hair. 

I was completely surprised by the way this evening was going, but I was certainly willing to take advantage of it. I ran my hands over her back and stomach while I licked and sucked on her tits. Kissing up her neck, she moaned as I kissed along her jaw to her lips. We kissed hard, her tongue immediately pushing inside my mouth as she pressed against me. I reached down, grabbing her hips and pulled her up onto my lap as we kissed. I felt her hands pulling at my shirt so I pulled back slightly so she could pull it off of me. She immediately pressed back against me, rubbing her tits against my bare skin. She felt absolutely amazing and we continued to kiss for several minutes while out hands ran up and down each other's bodies. I snuck an occasional glance at Nace, she was still sitting there watching us. She looked uncomfortable, but very interested in what we were doing. She had poured herself another glass of wine and was drinking it quickly as she watched us.

Hendricks suddenly pulled back from me and got off the couch. I sat there and watched her as she stood in front of me with a grin on her face. She looked over at Nace for a second, grinned, and said "You know you like the show Sarah, just relax," and then turned back to me. She turned around, bending over and lifting her skirt up exposing her ass barely covered with a small blue thong. She reached up, hooking her thumbs under her thong and pulling it off and down her legs. All I could do was stare at her ass and her shaved pussy peeking out as she slowly straightened up, her skirt hiding her pussy for view again. She turned around and looked at me and simply said "Your turn." 

I immediately lifted my hips, pulling my shorts and underwear off my hips and tossing it on the floor. My cock was rock hard by this point, immediately popping up as it was freed from my shorts. I looked over at Nace briefly; she was staring at my cock as it stood up. I looked back at Hendricks who grinned as she stepped back to me. Still wearing her skirt she immediately straddled my lap. Resting one arm on my shoulder she reached down with the other and grabbed my cock and placed it against her pussy. I could feel how wet she was as she place her hand on my other shoulder, and staring into my eyes she slowly pushed down on my cock. 

We both moaned as I entered her, nice and slow. She was so wet I slid in easily as she settled around me. I placed my hands on her hips and leaned forward to kiss her. Our tongues pressing against each other, her pussy wrapped around my dick, and her huge tits which had started then entire situation pressed against my chest, I just tried to hold onto the moment. After a minute I felt her begin to move, gently grinding her pussy over my cock. I moaned as she leaned back, speeding up and flexing up and down. I grabbed one of her tits, lifting it up so I could suck on it while she rode me, causing her to moan and dig her fingernails into my shoulders. 

"Sarah" she suddenly said, "do you like watching this?" I opened my eyes and looked at Sarah who was still frozen staring at us. She nodded, hesitantly, as Hendricks continued to slide up and down my cock. "Do you want me to take my skirt off so you can see more?" Nace hesitantly nodded again, and I felt Hendricks pause for a second as she unclipped her skirt and unwrapped it from around her waist. This allowed me to reach around and grab her ass as she began to fuck me again. I lifted up my hips to meet her with each thrust as she tossed her skirt to the floor. Kissing again as we moved together I could feel my cock begin to pulse inside her pussy. I told her I was going to cum soon, expecting her to get off of me, but she just moaned and told me to cum inside her. "Fill my pussy, please fill my pussy" she moaned over and over into my ear as she slid up and down my cock. That was all I needed as I began to shoot my load inside her, hearing her scream as my orgasm sent of hers, her cunt squeezing my cock as we both came. 

I held her tight against me as we slowly relaxed, my cock still buried deep inside her pussy as she collapsed over me. I kissed her neck before looking over as Nace. I was happy to see that she had undone the button on her shorts and had a hand inside. She saw me watching her and looked embarrassed, but kept her hand where it was. 

Hendricks shifted and kissed me, so I spent a pleasant moment kissing her as my hands gently stroked over her body. After several minutes I felt her shift, so I helped her roll off of me. I pulled back slightly, letting my eyes run over her naked body. Just loving her long black hair, huge tits, small firm stomach and that bare pussy still spread open. I leaned forward to kiss her once more before standing up and walking over to Nace.

"Did you like watching us?" I asked her as I stood naked in front of her. She just nodded looking up at me, on hand still inside her shorts. I shifted closer, moving right in front of her, and rested my hand on her head. That was all it took, at that point I could see her stop fighting herself as she leaned forward and wrapped her mouth around my dick. Her other hand wrapped around my ass and held me against her as she sucked on my cock, still semi-hard from fucking Hendricks. I looked over at Hendricks but she certainly didn't seem to mind as she was running her hands over her tits and pussy. "Mmmm....suck it good Sarah" as all she said as I watched her push a finger inside herself.

I went back to watching Nace suck me off for a minute before pulling her off of me. She gave me a confused look as I pulled back from her, and then knelt in front of her. I reached up and grabbed her shorts and she immediately raised her hips to help me pull them off. Taking her panties with them I toss them to the side as she immediately spread her legs for me. She wasn't completely shaven like Hendricks, she had a nice landing strip leading to her lips. I grabbed her hips and pulled her closer to the edge of the chair, leaning forward to run my tongue over her lips. She was very wet and tasted so fucking good as I licked over her pussy. Hearing her moan as she grabbed her knees, pulling her legs up and back as I licked and down between her lips. Avoiding her clit at first as I pushed my tongue inside her, sucking on her lips, licking over her thighs. I could hear Hendricks moaning on the couch and figured she was having fun too as I finally run my tongue over Nace's clit. Hearing her scream as my tongue flicked back and forth over her clit before going back down over her pussy. 

Licking back up to her clit I wrapped my lips around it and began to suck on it, flicking it with my tongue as she began to buck her hips against my face. I felt one of her hands reach down and grab the back of my head, holding me tight as I licked her. I pushed two fingers inside her as I sucked on her clit, and she moaned louder and I began to finger her. It didn't take long before I felt her entire body tense up, heard her scream as she came, her pussy grinding hard against my face.

As she finished her orgasm I pulled away from her clit, leaving my fingers in her pussy as I kissed her stomach, her thighs. I slowly pulled back away from her, my fingers still inside her as I looked up to see her flushed face. 

During the moment I must have missed that Hendricks had left the couch and was leaning over the arm of the chair, watching us. Her gaze was fixed on my fingers slowly sliding in and out of Nace's pussy, so I slowly pulled them out and raised them to my lips, licking her cum off my fingers. I then raised them toward Hendricks, and with only a slight hesitation she leaned forward and stuck them in her mouth sucking them off.

By this point my cock was very hard again, and Nace was still sitting on the chair with her legs spread up in the air, so I stood up and pulled her to the edge of her seat. She didn't say anything, just looked at me as she held her legs pulled up, so I rubbed my cock against her pussy and then shoved it inside her. Both she and Hendricks moaned as I began to fuck Nace. I could see that Hendricks was fingering herself again as my cock slid in and out of Nace's pussy. 

After a few minutes the angle was pretty uncomfortable, despite how good Nace's pussy felt around my cock. I slowly stopped and pulled out, eliciting a moan from both of them again. I grinned as I reached down and helped Nace stand up and told her to take off her shirt. She quickly pulled it off; with help from Hendricks I was happy to see. Her tits were nowhere near as big as Hendricks, but they were a nice firm handful. 

I pulled Nace down to the floor with me and had her climb on top of me. She immediately climbed over my cock and settled down on it, closing her eyes as it filled her again. She didn't waste any time and immediately began to fuck me, riding up and down, leaning back for balance. 

I watched her for a second, her tits bouncing as she slid over my cock before looking for Hendricks. I didn't have to look long because she was moving toward us, stepping over me and lowering her pussy to my face. I was hoping that would happen. She settled over me, her ass resting on my chest with her bent legs on either side of my head. I reached up and grabbed her ass and pulled her pussy to my face and began to lick her while Nace continued to fuck my cock.

I loved the feel of Hendricks smooth pussy as I licked her, I could taste our cum mixed together as she ground against my face. I could feel Nace moving faster against me, pushing down harder with each thrust. Since I had already cum once I wasn't worried that I'd cum again quickly so I continued to lick Hendricks, trying to reach as much of her as possible from my position. 

Suddenly something felt different, but I couldn't quite figure it out right away. Not that I was worried, I could still fell Nace's pussy wrapped around me and was licking Hendricks so I was set. Eventually I realized that Hendricks was leaning back, and I pulled away from her pussy long enough to look up. I was thrilled and if possible even more turned on when I saw Nace's hands were wrapped around Hendrick's tits. 

Hendricks leaned back farther and turned her head and I could see them kiss. At this point all I could do was stare at the two beautiful girls on top of me kissing. Hendricks suddenly pulled away from Nace and rolled off of me. She quickly turned around and straddled my face again, this time facing Nace. Now all I could see was Hendricks pussy and ass in front of my face. I could only imagine what they were doing on top of me, but I couldn't complain much and immediately began to lick and suck her beautiful pussy again. 

This entire time Nace continued to fuck me, and I could feel she was about to cum as her pussy tightened around my cock. Moments later I felt her entire body tremble as she came with a muffled scream. She pounded up and down a few more times before pushing down hard, her pussy squeezing me tight.

I wanted to touch her as she came but couldn't reach her so I continued to eat Hendricks the entire time, wanting her to cum on my face. It was not to be as she suddenly pulled herself off of me, sitting on the floor next to me. 

She looked at me and grinned, then both of us looked and Nace who was still sitting on my hard cock. Hendricks reached forward and rubbed her hand on Nace's cheek, then down over her tits, her stomach, down over her pussy lips spread around me. "It's my turn to get fucked again," she said, "You need to get off." 

Nace smiled as she pulled herself off of my dick, sitting down on the floor and watching us for whatever was coming next. I set up and asked Hendricks what she wanted to do. She was already getting on her hands and knees and quickly told me to fuck her again.

Watching that ass wave in front of me I needed no encouragement as I moved behind her. Grabbing her hips I easily slid inside her again and we began to fuck fast and hard. Both of us moaning as I pulled her hard against me with each thrust, her ass smacking against my stomach. 

I can't say I was surprised when Nace moved closer to us and began to rub her hands over my stomach and ass, or even over Hendrick's back. I wasn't even surprised when her hands slid off of Hendrick's back and around to her stomach to grab and squeeze her tits. I'm not sure why, but I was still very surprised when Nace crawled all the way in front of Hendricks, laid on her back and spread her legs. Hendricks might have been surprised but she didn't waste time, immediately lowering her head and burying her face between Nace's thighs. Nace reached down and wrapped her fingers in Hendricks' hair, holding her tight against her. I'm not sure how easy it was for Hendricks as we continued to fuck nice and hard, but she was apparently able to do a lot as Nace quickly begin to moan.
