 "Oh, my God" I blurted out to Derek. "I can't believe she just said that, I've been hinting around about this for years." 

"You mean, bloke, she just invited me into your marriage bed?"

This all began when Samantha and I decided to take a European River Cruise. I had wanted to go to a clothing optional resort in Mexico, but that wasn't an option (Sam wouldn't believe me when I told her what a knock out body she had) Sam always gets her way. I booked a stateroom on a new river cruiser for 7 nights. 

I always leave for vacation with high expectations for a sexually charged few days, but am usually disappointed. It seems like something always gets in the way.

After our flight to Prague and a brief cab ride to the Danube river port where our ship was we settled into our room. It was beautiful, with a king sized bed and a terrace that looks out over the river. 

Sam was exhausted, but the second we got into our room I scooped her up and tossed her on the bed. 

"I know what you are thinking" Sam said. With that I began to tear off her cloths "but I'm not clean, we just got off an 8 hour flight. 

"You say that as if you think it matters to me," I said. 

Sam asked. "Can't we take a nap before dinner?" 

"Really?" I said, staring into her eyes. Sam got an ornery look in her eyes and went for my belt. 

"Maybe I can help you out," as she ripped my belt from it's loops. She rolled on top of me and straddled my legs as she struggled to get my pants open and underwear down. Then she took my cock with both hands and said "No, wonder you were so uncomfortable, with this snake struggling to get out of those pants of yours." She then stroked my cock slowly up and down, her other hand working my balls back and forth in their sack. 

Sam looked into my eyes with an evil grin, "I think I can slay this monster," and lowered her mouth to my cock. She licked it from base to rim slowly, teasing me with her fingers gently rubbing the saliva up and down making my cock slick. She then put her lips on the tip and sucked, lowering her mouth taking me deeper and deeper into her mouth and down her throat.

"Oh, God, you are sooo good at this." I exclaimed, "It's a shame I have a monopoly on your talents." Sam chuckled a bit then began to hum as she worked her tongue around the glans because she knew that really sent me over the edge. "Oh, Fuck!!" Her hands began to work my shaft hard and she bit in with her teeth and I exploded into her mouth, pumping my seed down her little conservative, Sunday school teacher throat. All of that went through my mind as I knew I was the one who led her astray, making her want to do the things she had never even thought about before we were married.

I lay back as Samantha licked gently and sucked the last bits of cum from my cock. "Uhm, you taste good!" 

I could hardly believe how lucky. I have a girl who felt guilty when we fucked before we were married and was now swallowing my cum; and enjoying it. I put my arm around her and pulled her close. She snuggled in and we drifted off to sleep, my trousers still down around my knees. 

I woke up to Sam hustling around the cabin getting dressed for our first dinner onboard. She was wearing her black boy shorts and a matching demi-bra. I whistled, Sam laughed, "you silly! You better get up and put away your equipment, I don't want every woman on board chasing you for the next 7 days!" She can be so sassy when she wants to be.

I grabbed my toiletry bag and went into the shower. The hot water felt good and the spa soap felt good on my skin. I took the razor I always carried and began to run it across my groin area. 

Sam didn't know what to think when I first shaved myself below the belt, but she likes it now, and she seems to spend more time down there with her tongue. I pulled my balls up and slid the razor as far back near my rectum and slid it forward cleaning off the soapy stubble. I shave as far back as is comfortable, just in case she decides to explore my anus, which she does on occasion. The first time she shocked me but now I have come to enjoy, even crave it.

"Hurry, we're going to be late and get a crummy table." Said Sam through the door.

"We are on vacation! Relax!" I retorted. When I walked out of the bathroom, clad in a towel I saw that Sam had on a new dress. The neckline explained why she was in the lower than normal bra, she was exposing her beautiful, and ample, cleavage. "Oh, my I am a lucky man! And dropped the towel revealing my semi-erect penis. 

"You silly, didn't you get enough earlier? I Love you." And she came over and kissed me and groped me, "Um, fresh shaved." "Maybe we can make time later, but for now we need to get topside for dinner."

We were a little late by the time I got ready so we had to wait to be seated. As we waited a gentleman from Australia came up behind us. Sam began to converse with him attempting to duplicate his accent and making us all laugh. He was a tall with broad shoulders. He looked like the stereotype Aussie, his name was Derek and he was a widower. His wife died a couple of years ago and he was having a difficult time getting over her parting. His children sent him on this trip to hopefully distract him and give him a little fun and something to look forward to. 

Sam invited him to sit at our table and we talked and laughed late into the night. Sam was in her element, she drew him out of his shell and after a couple bottles of wine she even became harmlessly flirtatious.

That first night we went to our cabins, all, three sheets to the wind. I thought about moving on Sam but after she got undressed and crawled in bed I could tell all she wanted to do was read and get a good nights sleep. Sam cuddled up with her Ipad and I shut my eyes. 

I let my imagination run rampant and imagined Sam and Derek and I in a three way. We sometimes used three ways as fantasies during sex, but Sam always made it clear she wasn't interested, but I love the thought of her being so thoroughly aroused that she would do anything and have orgasm after orgasm in her excitement, just like the stories I read. The fantasy gave me an erection and I drifted off to sleep.

The next morning I woke early, as usual. I quietly got dressed and went out on the balcony to watch the shore drift by in the early morning sun. When Sam got up she put on some new jeans and a low cut t-shirt that made her look cute and like anything but a wife from the Midwest. After breakfast we ended up sitting on the upper deck of the ship most of the morning listening to the docent telling stories and legends of the area as the shore drifted by lazily. 

Around noon the ship docked at an old castle and we were able to walk around freely and explore so Sam changed into some more walk friendly shoes and we ventured off. Up and down steps and steep paths, climbing and snapping pictures in spots with beautiful views. We were having a great time. 

Suddenly from behind we heard a familiar voice, "Would you like me to take a picture of you two together?" It was Derek, he was alone and wandering the castle too. Sam asked him to join us, 'To be polite.' 

Derek became the new lead and Sam was right behind him, staring at his jean clad ass, climbing with new energy. Sam and Derek seemed like old friends, they laughed and teased each other all afternoon.

We made it back to the ship in time for dinner. I went back to our cabin to freshen up a bit and when I returned Derek was sitting at our table. By the time dinner was over, I was beginning to warm up to Derek. It turns out we had quite a few things in common, including single malt scotch and cigars. With that I went back to the cabin to retrieve some Cuban cigars I bought just before we got onboard (since they are illegal in the states). I also grabbed a few cigarettes I kept in my humidor for Sam, sometimes when she was feeling wicked she would crave a cigarette so I kept a few. 

When I made my way back Sam had shifted to my seat at the table that was closer to Derek and it appeared his hand was on her knee. I sat down right as the waiter brought 3, 12 year old, single malt scotches. 3? I watched as Sam asked for a glass of water and picked up her scotch and sipped it. She NEVER drank scotch. 

I handed Derek a cigar and handed him the lighter. I showed Sam the cigarettes I brought and she said, "Ah, thank you!" and took one. Before she could bring it to her lips Derek had the lighter ready to light it for her. I could hardly believe what I was witnessing, but more amused than jealous. I was secure in Sam's and my relationship so I just sat back and watched.

The evening drifted on and one scotch led to the next. Sam only drank the one, and barely that. She began to fade and excused herself to retire. 

We had just ordered a fresh scotch and you don't waste good 12 year old so we stayed behind to finish. Derek moved closer to me taking Sam's seat. 

"You two are a fun couple." Derek said. 

"Thanks, Sam has really loosened up. When we first met she was the epitome of sweet and innocence" I said. 

"So, I bet you were quit the 'man about town' in those days. I bet you crossed quit a few lines, exploring" Derek said looking into my eyes with expectation. 

I smiled, "I guess I've crossed a few." 

"I bet you spent your share of time in the locker room. You have an athletic body. Ever cross any lines in the locker room?" I suspected what Derek meant but was getting uncomfortable.

I skirted the issue. "No, I really wasn't in to sports." 

"Sports aren't what I was talking about," Derek said. I laughed, rushed the last swallow of scotch.

"Well, I'm going to call it a night too. Maybe we'll see you tomorrow." And I retired.

Derek became our shadow the rest of the trip. I became accustom to his flirting with Sam and we both came to enjoy his company. Sam's cloths became a little more provocative each day. Nothing racy, but more so than I was accustom too. 

Each night became a late night for the three of us.

On our last night we were docked at a small Hungarian village. Derek, Sam and I all went into the village and ate at one of the local establishments. The local cuisine was delicious and was followed up with Palinka, a traditional brandy. 

The waiter said there was a festival just up the street so we all wandered up the street. When we got to the square there was a traditional band playing music and everyone was dancing. We got a table and ordered a bottle of wine and Sam drug Derek onto the dance floor. 

Between dances they would return and then she would grab me and take me up. She didn't care what type of music was playing; if it was slow she just sucked in to whom ever she was with. More than once I noticed Derek's hands on her ass but I didn't say anything. With the wine and dancing we were all having a great time laughing, drinking and joking around. 

When the band quit playing we took what was left of our bottle of wine and headed to the ship. When we arrived Sam excused herself to go to the cabin. Derek and I didn't want to waste the wine so we were going to sit on deck and finish it. 

After a few minutes Derek asked about the balcony in our cabin. I told him it was small, just enough room for a couple of chairs. 

Derek said "I want to see it." So off we went to show him our balcony. I entered the room first to be sure we didn't surprise Sam. The room was dark; the only light was coming from under the bathroom door. I knocked to tell Sam we were going to sit on the balcony, but I heard the shower running and she didn't hear me.

There was still plenty of light since there was a bright full moon so we didn't turn on any lights. We went out on the balcony, sat down, talked and enjoyed the quiet of the river. About 30 minutes later (or it seemed like it) I heard some movement in the room. Before I could react, probably due to the wine, out, through the sliding glass door pops Sam. She instantly straddled me, her back to Derek, wearing a short skimpy red nightgown (you could barely call it that) and no panties. 

"You don't think I'm going to let you off the hook on our last night since we haven't had sex all week!" Then she put a lip lock on me that made her intentions more than clear. She reached down and squeezed my awakening cock. "You seem to be interested too!"

"Well, I am, but what about our company?" I felt Sam become suddenly rigid. I thought, 'That ends that' judging from her past comments and behavior. But suddenly she stood up tall, displaying her scanty gown and the skin it was revealing. 

" It would be rude not to invite him to join us." With that she went into the room. Derek was stunned, but not as much as I was. 

He murmured, "Did she just invite me into your marriage bed?" 

"So it seems." I replied.

"Do you do this often?" 

"No, this is a first." 

Derek Looked at me and said. "How do you feel about it?" 

I considered a moment then said. "Well I don't really consider it a betrayal if we all consent to it." 

"Well I certainly consent." Derek replied eagerly.

I stopped him. "Just one thing." 

" What's that bloke?" 

"If we are going to do this it will probably never happen again." I paused. "Will you help me DP her?" 

Surprised Derek said. "Is she into anal?" 

"OH, yeah, she almost prefers it." 

"I would never have guessed it. If the opportunity arises, I'll do what I can." And with that we went into the room.

None of us really knew how to proceed. We just stood at the foot of the bed staring at my bride, beautiful and sexy in the moonlight. Finally she became the aggressor 

"You guys are over dressed for this party," and she came to the foot of the bed and began to feel both our crotches through our trousers. Then she began to fumble with our belts and that was all we needed to begin assisting her in getting rid of our cloths. 

Now, Sam was the only one in the room with cloths on. I couldn't help but check out Derek's body. He had a hairy chest, which I know is a turn off for Sam and he had a full contingent of curly pubic hair. It was also a relief to see his cock was about the same size as mine. I had read stories where once a woman got a bigger cock they became a size queen. I could feel Derek's eyes on me, probably sizing me up too.

Sam put a hand on our bare chests and began to tease our nipples. Slowly her hands slid down our flat abdomens and finally to our cocks. I watched her face. She seemed totally aroused with an erect cock in each hand. Sam's hands were groping our cocks and balls and I could tell by her breathing she was as excited as I had ever seen her. She stroked our cocks and cupped our balls, fumbling them with her fingers the way I loved. 

I reached out to take her face in my hands and kissed her biting her lip and sucking her tongue hard into my mouth. I began to run my hands over the silky material of her nightgown. Squeezing her nipples to hardness, god that turned me on when they did that. 

Sam had two sets of hand moving all over her body, four hands to pleasure her. Derek and I in unison took her gown and slowly slid it up over her soft curves and over her head. Her sexy body was beautifully lit by the full moon shinning in from the balcony. 

"You are the sexiest woman in the world!" I said. Her breasts were large and plump; they seemed to be engorged from her arousal. 

I pushed her back on the bed, her feet dangling over the edge of the bed and we each lay next to her. Our hands were stroking and caressing her, feeling Sam's soft skin. Sometimes his hands got between Sam and I, even brushing my erect cock; I just adjusted and carried on. 

It excited me to know that Sam was being used and admired by a different man. I was proud she was mine. Derek's and my fingers intermingled fondling her pussy. Multiple fingers in her opening, she was moaning with pleasure so I knew we were doing something right. 

She turned in to me and kissed me then held me tight and whispered in my ear "Is this OK with you?" 

I assured her I only wanted what she wanted. With that Sam rolled over on top of Derek and began to make her way down to his cock. She had him moaning in no time with her expert tongue. 

I noticed she had brought out the lube and put it on the nightstand. I knew what that meant so I went and got it.

I kneeled behind her, her ass was high in the air as she was blowing Derek. I separated her legs slightly more and began to run my tongue over her soft folds of skin, Oh my god, she tastes so good. I couldn't get enough as I teased her with my tongue. 

Her ass was right there taunting me and I couldn't resist. I ran my tongue over her tight opening and she let out an audible sigh. Derek made his way up on his knees and Sam continued sucking hungrily on his cock. I continued rimming her and thrusting my fingers in her pussy. She was so wet; I sat up thrust my cock slowly into her wet pussy. I took my wet fingers, lubed them a little more and inserted one, then both fingers into her ass making her moan and preparing her for something much larger a little later.

I looked over Sam's back to see Derek's face; his eyes were locked on what I was doing. Sam was a spit roast, a long time fantasy of mine. 

Derek was about to cum. His eyes rolled back and he threw his head back, his eyes squinted tightly,

"Oh, Fuuck" "Oh, yes... yes. SHIT." Derek arched his back and I could feel his body convulse through Sam's as he shot his load down her throat. Almost simultaneously Sam came too, her muscles squeezed and then released my cock repeatedly for what seemed like minutes. It was wonderful seeing these two exploding in such rapture. Sam released Derek's cock and pulled away, my cock slapped against my stomach, she crawled up on the bed and collapsed on her back. I could see her glistening body. She must have broken out in a sweat with her orgasm.

Derek by now had recovered and our eyes met again. I gave him a knowing grin. He must not have known what I meant by it because he crawled across the bed, grasped my hard cock. He looked into my eyes, then sank down and took my cock into his mouth. 

I couldn't think for a moment. What should I do? What was Sam thinking? I had only done this once before and then I was 13 and I hadn't even told Sam about that. 

Derek sucked hard, harder than Sam and was a bit rougher. It felt good to have his hard suction on my aroused member. The sensation overcame me, I decided what the hell, the rush was worth the awkward discussion with Sam that I was sure to follow tomorrow. 

Derek's one hand was on my shaft and the other on the back of my thigh pulling me into his mouth tightly. It felt wonderful feeling him forcefully pull and then release. He moved the hand on his thigh to my ass and pushed a finger into my anus sending me into the stars. I thought I would pass out as I exploded in his mouth. Wave after wave pulsed through my body, emanating from my groin and pulsing up to my head I was weak and shaky afterwards. 

"God Damn you are good." I managed to say.

"I didn't think you would mind that, Mate." We collapsed on either side of Sam. 

I watched her for any adverse reaction, fearing what I knew she was capable of. 

I was seldom good for more than one go round, but I didn't even go flaccid after his blowjob. Sam reached down and began to softly stroke both of our, now sensitive, cocks. She had to have noticed that two hard cocks meant that neither of us was finished. 

Sam suddenly was a woman on a mission. She rolled on top of Derek, took his cock in her hand and eased herself down, impaling her with his cock. This was only the third cock she had ever had in her (One in high school before she met me). She began to rock her pelvis in a familiar fashion. 

Now was my chance. I took the lube that I had earlier. I poured out some in my palm and smoothed it on my cock, it seemed harder than usual in anticipation. 
