 So, neither of us have ever been "into" bondage or anything of that kinky sort. Admittedly we do enjoy exhibitionism, public nudity and the occasional sexual adventure...just normal stuff! Prior to heading out on our annual vacation to the West Coast, we had seen the latest 50 Shades movie. I asked Jen what, if any, of the sexy stuff appealed to her.

Jen said, "The handcuffs are kind of interesting from the point of view that any woman who was restrained would be vulnerable and not responsible for whatever happened. That seems kind of kinky to me but it might be exciting!" 

I pushed the point asking how she would act if in such a vulnerable state. 

Winking she said "I guess I would just have to go along with whatever happened and of course I could not take responsibility for how things develop." I thought about that for a while I finished packing for our trip.

After landing at PDX we gathered our luggage, rented a car and headed to our B&B. We had managed to book a complete condo, so shortly after getting settled I took off to pick up a few groceries and miscellaneous provisions. The nearby shopping area housed several shops including a marijuana dispensary and a sex shop so I thought I would see what they had to offer. I picked up a couple of special laced gummy bears at the pot shop since neither of us smoke, then stopped by the sex shop where I was immediately drawn to a double set of padded hand and ankle cuffs which I bought then stashed away once I returned to the condo. 

Next morning we headed out to do some falls hiking then stopped by a local nude beach to cool off, or more accurately heat up. There were a few couples, some single guys and two or three groups of women which was pretty normal for that time of day. Jen did some nude yoga on the beach much to the delight of several onlookers. She held her down dog a little longer than usual and I could tell that she was enjoying being the center of attention by the way her wet pussy glistened in the sun.

Jen is Asian, slim and quite fit but most of all is totally uninhibited when the mood strikes her. After she finished her workout we did some people watching then strolled down the beachfront where we chatted with some other couples and one or two of the guys who were obviously interested in getting a closer look at my lovely wife's 'assets'. One of the guys was a bit suggestive and Jen flirted but was obviously not interested in going further, at least not with this particular guy, so we decided to head out.

On the way back to the condo I asked Jen how she would feel if she were restrained and some guy, any guy, came upon her and decided to enjoy more than just the sights. 

She replied, "Well, if I was also blindfolded and he decided to take advantage of the situation I guess I would just have to make the most out of whatever might happen. If I couldn't see him all I would be able to do is feel whatever it was that he decided to do with me. What he looked like would not matter. What he did and how he did it would determine whether the experience was a good one or not."

Filing her message away, I then decided to show her what I had bought at the sex shop. She seemed excited when she saw the restraints but asked if I had thought to buy a blindfold to go along with them. I said "no", but that I would correct that oversight when I went out for more groceries that evening.

On the next day we decided to take a longer hike so we headed out close to dawn. No one else seemed to be hiking that early on a weekend so at our first rest stop I suggested that Jen go topless and she agreed that it sounded like a good idea. She took off her top but kept an open shirt draped over her shoulders for the next mile or so. Of course I took a few pictures, did some fondling and managed to get both of us worked up in the process. When we got to the next rest stop I offered her a special gummy bear for refreshment then suggested that she might be more comfortable if she got rid of her pants which she did not immediately agree to do. After a little while however she stopped and slowly stripped down to her hiking boots. What a sight! She did tie her shirt around her waist but that did not hide much. I snapped a few more pictures, enjoyed the view and had a difficult time keeping my hands to myself. Jen was obviously getting excited hiking nearly in the nude, possibly due partially to the gummy bear influence. At the next scenic overlook I slipped my cock out of my pants and stood behind her sliding it between her legs as she pretended to enjoy the scenery.

Jen reached between her legs to grasp my swollen penis pushing it firmly against her wet pussy lips but when I tried to angle myself to enter her she said, "Hold off a little because I think we'll be coming to a more secluded rest area just a little way up the trail." She then knelt down in front of me taking my cock into her hungry mouth licking and sucking it to build my anticipation.

Once we got the rest area I reached into my backpack and brought out the hand and ankle restraints plus the blindfold I had purchased last night. I could tell by her smile that she was willing to give it a try.

"What do you intend to do with those?" she asked coyly. Rather than tell her, I showed her.

First I tied the blindfold over her eyes, then set out a blanket and guided her naked body into a seated position. I bound her ankles together with one set of restraints that had about a foot of chain between them, and then used the other set to fasten her wrists together. Pushing her back onto the blanket I straddled her chest. While holding her wrists above her head with one hand I guided my cock into her mouth with the other. Once my cock was between her sweet lips I leaned forward holding her wrists with both my hands while sliding my cock over her willing tongue and deeper into her mouth. I whispered that she was helpless and that I could do whatever I wanted to do to her, but with my cock implanted in her mouth all she could do was to say "hmm". By then my cock had reached its full length and I had deposited a fair amount of pre-cum into her mouth.

After pushing just a little deeper I withdrew my cock from her mouth and moved down to her ankles. Lifting her legs using the ankle restraint chain I placed the chain over my head and onto my shoulders so she could not move her lower body. My hands were free to do what I wished. Her wet pussy and ass were fully spread and exposed. I teased her slick lips open then slid one then two fingers into her. My thumb teased her ass finally penetrating it, which is something she really likes. My cock was fully erect but just as I was getting ready to push it into her I heard a sound just behind us. Looking back I was surprised to see a younger guy, maybe in his 30's heading in our direction. 

My first thoughts were to cover up my wife and myself, but there just was not enough time. Jen was in her own world and did not hear a thing so I kept fingering her but raised a finger of one hand to my lips signaling the guy to be quiet. He saw us and stopped but then I motioned him to come closer quietly. He seemed unsure of the situation and initially started to head back down the trail but I motioned vigorously for him to come back. When he was within just a couple of feet of us I pointed to Jen's naked body beneath me and raised an eyebrow to him. 

Then I said calmly to Jen as I continued to finger her, "Honey, we have a visitor and I think I might let him take over for a little while." 

Jen obviously thought this was just part of the sex play and said something like "OK I guess there is enough for both of you and there is not much that I can do to stop either of you from doing whatever you want." 

The guy caught on quickly and I motioned him to move in beside me and take over fingering duties. Licking his fingers he moved his hands into position as I retracted mine. I slid one of my hands up to fondle Jen's breasts pinching her nipples and squeezing her tits while the other guy slid his fingers across her pussy and thumbed her ass. Jen started moaning as our new 'friend' fingered her but I could tell from her expression that she suspected that something was different. I reached for her calves lifting them overhead to raise her pussy and ass higher off the blanket. Holding her legs high allowed the other guy to slide into my place. Once he was positioned I lowered her legs to rest on his shoulders. His cock was already out and stiff. As I stepped back he positioned his cock at the opening of her very wet, very swollen and very hungry pussy. By slowly leaning forward the head of his cock disappeared into her. Pushing her legs further forward fully exposed her impaled pussy as he started pumping faster and pounding harder. I found the sight of her vagina molded around a strange cock to be fascinating. I watched as he slid one of his hands under her ass, both to support her and to access her other opening. As he slid his thumb into her backside her breathing accelerated and deepened as she was nearing climax. 

Moving more to her side I leaned down and said, "How does that feel. Is our friend doing a good job?"

"Un-huh" and a few moans were all she could utter. 

Slowly I moved my cock nearer to her face and said, "I feel left out, why don't you suck my cock while he fucks you?" 

Playing along she said "OK, but does that mean I will have to let you cum in my mouth." 

I said that that would not be too bad since she was getting her pussy filled at the same time.

At first she looked confused as she felt my cock against her lips, but after a few seconds she opened her mouth allowing me in. She had fully realized that we did indeed have a visitor. Her heavy breathing and moaning increased as she started thrashing her hips against the stranger's cock eventually triggering wave after wave of his thick semen to explode in her pussy. His load was so massive that I watched as some of it squirted out from between her stretched pussy lips as he pumped even more of his huge load into her. While still dripping he pulled his still stiff cock from her and slid it down to her ass which was already covered with his cum overload. She squirmed but he persisted until suddenly he was fully enveloped into her backside where he continued to pump and pulsate into that tighter opening.

She paused in sucking my cock just long enough to let out a loud "ahhhh" but then resumed sucking as I fed myself to her. Watching him fuck her pussy then her ass excited me so I could no longer hold back and soon I shot my load deep into her mouth.

She tried to swallow it all but was soon overwhelmed. When I finally pulled out I shot a last string across her face as I caught sight of her cum filled mouth. That must have given our friend a little more energy because he began plowing into her ass with renewed vigor. The squishy slapping sound of Jen's filled ass being pounded excited me but also brought her to a second climax. Once fully spent we all rested in position without anyone uttering a word. Finally our friend slowly slid his cock out of her sweet, cream filled ass, zipped up, picked up his pack and slowly headed up the trail with a broad smile on his face.

Jen just lay there spent, sticky and extremely satisfied. She made no move to remove her blindfold and was quiet. Once I recovered I removed the restraints but knelt between her legs then lifted them so I could watch cum ooze from her vagina, ass and mouth. The guy must have shot a half cup of white stuff into her! I snapped a couple of pictures of the aftermath for posterity. Finally I took off her blindfold and kissed her cum stained lips after telling her that she made two guys very, very happy.

She smiled and replied "I really had no choice in the matter; all I could do was lay back and make the most of it."