 CHAPTER 6 - COUNTRY BUMPKIN

I repeated the question why we didn't meet at Thuy's house for the threesome a week later in a message but had to wait another few days for the answer. Eventually, though, Thuy found a way to get her mother, who worked at home, out of the house for the day. I didn't need to know what exactly was going on; I trusted Nguyet that our delicate mission was being handled discreetly. 

One side of me was glad that it worked out that way. First, anyone who saw us would think that it was likely a workmates lunch. Thuy might also be glad to get deflowered on her bed and not someone else's bedroom or a cheap hotel. On the other hand, if we had met at a coffee house in town first, it would have been easier to warm up to each other. 

Nguyet and I rode on our motorcycles towards Thuy's village northeast of town. Thuy's place was near their company, not far from the hotel where Nguyet and I had fucked once before we were discovered (and assisted) by her mom. We stopped on our way once, so Nguyet could call for directions, and then we continued to drive for another five minutes or so. Thuy's house was towards the end of a long, straight stretch near the riverbank.

Thuy had obviously heard us pull up and stepped out of the house as we were getting off our bikes. She smiled shyly and greeted Nguyet first. She was wearing a rather tight brown skirt that ended above her knees and a light yellow and pink striped sweater. She looked a little like a popular ice-cream bar of my childhood: chocolate, strawberry, vanilla. Then she came over to me and shook my hand. She had bangs with a ponytail, which was my favorite hairstyle on young women. Her teeth weren't perfect, but I liked her nimble little body and her modest demeanor. I could tell she was an honest soul. She would make a fine wife; just as with Nguyet, I wondered why no one was wooing her. I'd do my best to please and satisfy her this afternoon.

She invited us inside, and I told Nguyet "I think she's nice. I like her butt." Nguyet smiled and nodded but told me to be careful with what I said since Thuy did speak some English. The house was the typical Vietnamese country home: walls in swimming-pool green, a little Buddha shrine with food offerings, metal and glass furniture, and a few more expensive wooden armchairs. The table was already set; Thuy just got a few more bowls with food and then we sat down to eat.

She encouraged me to try everything and offered me a beer. Nguyet declined, but Thuy cracked one open for herself, too. We laughed when we toasted mot-hai-ba (1-2-3), as there were only the two of us drinking. But it was a good start into our adventure. The food was excellent, and our conversation was relatively lively. I tried some of my Vietnamese on Thuy, and with Nguyet's help, we got into some lively banter. Eventually I had another beer; Thuy left it at one, as small as she was.

We all cleared the table together, but Thuy motioned she would do the dishes later, which made sense. She invited us to sit on those huge, uncomfortable wooden chairs, for which a gigantic tree had had to die. One of those chairs was for two, like a loveseat. We had some tea, and I could feel the suspense and excitement creeping up my belly. Nguyet was wearing jeans and a simple purple blouse. She wasn't saying much now, nor was she making any move to get the ball rolling. As this whole situation was a little strange, I asked Thuy to come over and sit next to me on the biggest chair. 

Sitting next to me, I could see that her legs were shorter than Nguyet's but softer and rounder. I started caressing her thighs, which she opened a little so that I could get in between. Her skin was smooth, and her flesh soft yet firm. Her skirt looked nice on her, but it was too tight to get further up her legs gracefully. I reached for her breasts instead and played with them through her little sweater. Thuy smiled and encouraged me to continue, as my dick was rising in my pants. I put my hand under her shirt and caressed her belly, which was also fuller and softer than Nguyet's, who was exceptionally lean.

Nguyet, who had been watching us from across the table, told her to open her bra and show me her tits. I understood this much Vietnamese. Thuy didn't flinch and seemed happy to be guided on this special occasion. She reached behind her back, exposing her belly while doing so, and opened her bra. I slowly moved my hand up from her stomach and started massaging her breasts. She smiled a little awkwardly but then took off her sweater and bra. Her breasts were nicely rounded with her nipples pointing upward. I licked my fingertips and caressed them before I took one of them in my mouth.

I was half-expecting Nguyet would take off her shirt and bra as well, so we could go in tandem. But she was still sitting there, across from us, looking amused. I asked her when she would follow suit, but she only said that she would wait until we go to the bedroom. As I kept kissing and massaging Thuy tits, my dick was pumping heavily, and I looked over to the Master of Ceremony if it was okay wo whip it out. Nguyet nodded approvingly, and I opened my shorts. My dick snapped out and Thuy jumped back. She was holding one hand in front of her face and smiled. She seemed mesmerized.

Nguyet encouraged her to touch and stroke it, I guessed, since she now reached for my dick and was feeling it. I told her to spit on it, and so she leaned over and tried to hit it. She missed the first time, but then she reached around my glans with her fist and gathered a little pool of liquid at the top. "Go up and down now," Nguyet showed her with her hands from across the table. Now that the tip was wet, her uncoordinated strokes were more bearable, and it was fun to watch her face. Her tongue was between her teeth and she took everything seriously. I got a huge pleasure from feeling her tits, which were typical, honest country bumpkin's breasts: a little heavy with relatively large, brown nipples.

As I was looking at her skin, I was amazed how yellow it was, like vanilla ice-cream. When I stuck my tongue out and looked at Nguyet, she interpreted it as me wanting a blowjob and she told Thuy to take my dick in her mouth now. "Make it like it's your pussy!" she added. Or something along those lines. I was still holding on to her tits, while Thuy now leaned down and forward to suck my dick. She moved her head up and down with her mouth clinging tightly to my shaft. 'Not bad for the first time,' I thought.

"Shall we move to the bedroom?" asked bluntly. I was pretty horny, and I wanted Nguyet to take her clothes off, too. 

Nguyet asked Thuy if she was ready. She nodded and said 'yes'. She grabbed her sweater and her bra, and I got out of my shorts and underwear, while Nguyet got up, removed her hairclip, and let her hair down. Literally. We paraded through the house half-naked and when we got in the bedroom, Thuy closed and locked the door. 

Her bedroom was modest, with a bamboo bed that had a blanket and a cotton sheet on it. The wooden wardrobe was open, and there were also two framed stitchings on the wall—just as in Nguyet's bedroom—plus a table with two wooden chairs. As Nguyet was undressing, she asked Thuy to throw something like an old towel onto the bed. Nguyet sat down on one of the chairs and when I presented my dick to her face, she let her tongue flicker around the tip and then took it in her mouth. Thuy came over to watch but I told her to kneel on the other chair and face away from me. She did, and now Nguyet and I could admire her pussy. 

Unlike Nguyet, she was hairless around her pussy and butthole, even though I had just seen her dense bush for a second in the front. Nguyet massaged my dick a little before I was going in. She smiled mischievously, and I put my glans directly onto Thuy's lips after checking if they were moist enough. I nodded to Nguyet who checked with Thuy if she was ready, which the latter confirmed by reaching under her belly through her legs to position my dick where she needed it. I moved forward and got in.

Of course, she was tight but also moist, so the first half of my dick was no problem. Nguyet had gotten up and caressed Thuy's belly and tits, which must have been dangling nicely now. I also reached for Thuy's breasts and fondled them as I was thrusting, slowly getting in deeper and deeper. I reached for Nguyet's pussy, as she was standing next to me, and it was pretty wet. I let my finger slip in. My dick felt some resistance now inside Thuy, but we all knew what it was. I pushed another inch in and popped her cherry. Thuy winced and screamed as she was being shagged but she didn't give any impression that she wanted us to stop. 

Nguyet was still standing next to me and had one hand on my ass. The other hand fondled Thuy's back and butt, as if she was cleaning crumbs off a table slowly. "Shall we move on to the bed?" I asked. Nguyet moved closer to Thuy's head and the two of them negotiated while I kept fucking her. Looking down, I could see that my shaft was slightly pink.

"Yeah, move over to the bed," Nguyet ordered and added: "Do whatever you like. Maybe missionary."

Thuy lied down on her back kind of automatically, as she needed a rest, perhaps. She opened her legs a little, and her black triangle pointed the way. However, now Nguyet suddenly seemed keen to get in on the action, and I didn't know which pussy to pound next. As Thuy seemed to want a break, Nguyet picked up the slack. She put her head on a pillow and said, "Fuck me, will you?"

Mounting Nguyet was obviously one of my favorite pastimes. As I got inside her, a bit of Thuy's blood was still on my dick. Nguyet had apparently gotten horny by watching us, and now it was her turn to be fucked. Thuy rolled onto her side and was observing. I took her hand and encouraged her to touch me or her friend. I got on my knees and leaned backwards a little so that my ass was resting on my heels. I pulled Nguyet closer to the middle of the bed and motioned Thuy to sit on Nguyet's face. I wasn't sure if Nguyet was up for that, but she had licked my hairy ass two weeks ago and could lick Thuy's smooth ass now. Thuy and I were facing each other on top of Nguyet and we were both thrusting, which was the hottest arrangement of bodies I could imagine. 

I could hear Nguyet sucking Thuy's pussy, smacking her lips and everything. I reached for Thuy's tits and she bent over to kiss me. I knew this couldn't last for much longer, but I wanted to try one more thing before I would come. I told Nguyet to get on her knees and positioned Thuy behind her. I pointed at Nguyet's slightly hairy ass and pussy, and encouraged Thuy to give it a try. As Nguyet's head was close to the edge of the bed, I had her suck my dick a little, while I was thinking about the final step. 

I definitely needed to get back inside Thuy's pussy, as this was her day, after all. I wanted to come inside her, not Nguyet. Thuy was licking Nguyet's pussy, like this was her new favorite thing. As her ass was protruding nicely, I mounted her from behind one more time. Nguyet slipped under her now so that I could finger her pussy, which was right below Thuy's. Nguyet was writhing and discharging nectar, which I used on Thuy's butt cheeks. There was enough of this stuff today. Once, I even dipped my glans in Nguyet's juice and went back in Thuy immediately. Oh, yes, it did feel better with the right amount of lubrication. I'm not sure if Thuy noticed that I was fucking her with Nguyet's juice.

What she must have noticed, though, was that my dick was now fully inside her. My glans started tickling, and I knew it wasn't gonna take long before Thuy's pussy would be christened. The two ladies were still on top of each other and kissing. I could see that Thuy was massaging Nguyet's little titties, while Nguyet let her fingertips travel all over Thuy's petite body. I was pretty sure she, too, used some of her pussy juice for that. 

As another change of positions would have upset the natural chain of events, I just soaked in the squealing, screaming, yelling, and panting for a few more seconds, before I came inside Thuy profusely. It felt more like a continuous stream of semen than ejaculating five or six times. Anyway, we both collapsed on top of Nguyet, who laughed and rolled from under us like she was the only survivor in a car pile-up.

Once the three of us had regained our senses, we admired Thuy's creampie together. She asked Nguyet to get her phone; she wanted to take a picture of it, which I found endearing. After capturing the precious memory, she dipped her fingertip in my cum (which was hers now, of course) and admired its gooeyness. She played with it between her fingers, and eventually licked her fingers dry. Nguyet and I were watching her amusedly.

Thuy said she would like to clean herself up, but I thought this moment was too precious to end it abruptly. After all, a situation like this would probably never come back. I asked Nguyet if she was still up for some play.

"We'll lick your pussy together?" I suggested.

"Yeah, of course!"

I put a pillow onto the floor next to the bed and kneeled on it, while Nguyet was positioning herself with her legs wide spread. I licked her legs and hips first and circled in closer and closer. I motioned Thuy to come over. She had read the situation perfectly, as she was now sitting over Nguyet, leaning forward to join me in the middle of Nguyet's body. Some cum was dripping out of Thuy's pussy onto Nguyet's face, as Thuy and I were looking at Nguyet's pussy together. I showed her what worked best, and we diddled her clit together. A few minutes later, we listened to Nguyet moaning and screaming and kissed. Nguyet's body started convulsing and her pussy discharged copious amounts of juice.

As I wanted to cuddle a little with the two of them and do a quick exit survey, I lied down between them on the bed. We all were exhausted but, I assumed, pretty happy.

"So, that was that. Jesus!" I opened the conversation.

As Nguyet was wiping her face, she asked Thuy how she felt, and we saw that she had tears in her eyes. She smiled awkwardly and the collapsed onto my chest, sobbing. After a minute, she looked at me and smiled, wiping her tears.

"I guess she's just overwhelmed," I said to Nguyet.

"Of course. Look what just happened. I cried a little too when you were gone after our first time."

"Oh, I didn't know that. But it's all good, or is she in pain?" I wanted to know.

"Of course, it's all good," said Nguyet. "We fucked in several positions, we had like five orgasms among the three of us, and Thuy got a nice creampie. What else could we want?! Let's just clean ourselves up and get dressed."

It was a shame but, of course, everything comes to an end. I asked Thuy again if things were all right, and she nodded. I put my arm around her shoulder, pulled her towards me and kissed her hair. I told Nguyet that I felt bad leaving her with the mess, but she said that Thuy would just take care of it herself. It was her bedroom, her house, her defloration party, and it had been her idea. 

When we said goodbye, we shook hands and smiled. I kissed Thuy and squeezed her little butt one more time, just in case we would not see each other again. Nguyet and I rode off together, and we only separated close to her house.