 Grace could feel the sweat dripping down her back. She could actually feel the sweat dripping everywhere on her body. The sun's reflection off the asphalt wasn't helping matters either. Thankfully she was able to wear shorts, and a tank top with her steel toe boots, and safety gear. She definitely did not want to be weighted down in this weather wearing overalls. Grace hated that she had to work 10 hour days on her feet with a construction stop, and go sign. What she didn't hate was the attention she got from men, and even some women waiting in their cars while the trucks, and plows did their work.

Grace often smiled to herself as the cars would pull up with an obviously married couple in them. She would look at the man, and gently lick her bottom lip, and send them a gentle smile. She would wink behind her aviator sunglasses knowing they couldn't see her big green eyes, but knew what she was doing. Having a very tan, and toned body helped too! Grace was proud of the way she was able to maintain her figure after college. She ran, worked out, and enjoyed many sports, all which let her keep her long slender legs slender, and her flat stomach flat. She was always mistaken for a model. Her long brunette hair that was naturally wavy, and a soft full pouty mouth added to the already amazing package. She couldn't help it if she was a big flirt, and would sometimes bend over for her drink letting her large boobs almost fall from her top so that everyone could see. Grace was most proud of her large D tits.

The day had grown too hot for working, and the crew was beginning to pack up for the day. Grace couldn't wait to get home, and have a much needed shower. She could have one at the site office but she found the showers to be disgusting because the men on the crew didn't know how to clean up after themselves. She usually just showered when she got home before lounging by the pool in her building complex.

Today, however, she couldn't wait. The heat had been unbearable. She wanted a shower right away, before heading home. She usually had a change of clothes with her anyway because she went to the gym in the morning before going to the job site.

Stan, and Tom, a couple of the guys from the crew were just packing up their stuff when Grace entered the shower room.

"Hey Grace. We thought you left a while ago." Stan said as she entered 

"It was way too hot out there today. I don't care how disgusting these showers are, I could really use one." Grace replied.

"Well they are all yours. I think everyone else is gone." Tom motioned to the empty room.

"Yeah...don't let us keep you." Stan quipped as he grabbed his back pack.

"Wouldn't dream of it." Grace said as she started to undress. Feeling their unwanted attention, Grace gave them a dirty look, grabbed her towel, and finished undressing in the shower.

She didn't mind Tom, but couldn't stomach the way Stan was watching her. Grace had never gotten along with Stan who thought that women should be in the kitchen or bedroom at all times. He wasn't bad to look at, tall, short brown hair, nicely built because of his job. His attitude is what turned most women off. Tom on the other hand, tall, built, black hair, blue eyes, ex-cop!!! Why he was all of a sudden working here, she had no idea, but was not complaining either.

The cool water felt great as she let it run down her body. She ran her fingers through her hair, around her neck, trailing them down her stomach. She hadn't wanted to take long but the water felt amazing, and was turning her nipples hard. She reached for her soap, lathered her hands, and massaged her tits. She squeezed them feeling their fullness. She let her thumb glide ever so gently over her now very erect nipples. She loved how they felt when she pinched them sending waves of pleasure to her already swollen clit. She moved her thumb lower, and started to rub her engorged clit in circles. She could feel how wet her almost bare pussy felt, even in the shower. She didn't waste any more time, she needed a release. She plunged two eager fingers into her hole without taking her thumb away from her clit. Grace started pumping her fingers in time to her thumb. She could feel her orgasam start to build faster, and faster as she pumped. She was so close. So close. Closer. Closer. 

The shower door burst open just as she was about to cum. 

"What the fuck!" She yelled as she tried covering herself. She was now looking at Stan and Tom, who were both eyeing her up, and down with very sly looks on their faces,

"Oops! Did we interrupt your party," Stan asked while reaching for her arm "don't worry, Grace. Maybe we will let you finish after we have our turn."

He pulled her out of the shower, and brought her to the change room, sitting her on the bench.

"Ok guys, the joke is over. Let me get dressed, and we can grab some drinks, at the bar, and all have a good laugh." Grace said, still trying to cover herself.

"I think we are fine where are are Grace! We can have our party here." Tom said rubbing the bulge trying to get out of his pants

"I don't think so guys. Come on, what do you want? Just let me go!" Grace started to plead but was surprised to find she was getting more turned on.

"Come on Grace. We know you like to play. We see you making eyes, and flirting with the traffic. Well, we like to play too!" Stan said with a big smile while reaching for the button on his jeans.

Grace started to smile too! She was very turned on now. She always liked to fantasize about having two cocks, and two mouths servicing her. 

She reached up to help Stan with his button. His stiff cock seemed to jump out at her. Very nice she thought to herself. She wrapped her hand around his cock, and squeezed. Very nice she thought again. She spit on the palm of her hand, and started to stroke him slowly. While she was stroking Stan, she noticed that Tom had taken out his long hard tool, and was stroking it too.

She held out her hand to Tom, and he walked over to where she was sitting on the bench, stroking the very excited Stan. Tom offered his already slick cock to her mouth. She didn't need to be told. She opened her mouth, and Tom slipped his cock in. He let out a deep growl as her mouth closed on his cock. She began sucking him hard, stroking the cock with her mouth. She started to stroke Stan's cock faster, and faster with her hand.

She stopped sucking Tom's cock long enough to replace it with Stan's. Now it was his turn to groan. She kept taking turns, feeding herself with one cock then the other.

"Mmm, your mouth is damn hot, but I want to taste you now." Tom placed Grace down on the bench so he could kneel before her pussy. Stan made sure to to keep her mouth full, by ramming his cock deep into her throat.

Grace was very wet. He spread open her lips, and wasted no time in getting his mouth on her. His tongue started at her clit, and worked his way down lapping up her wetness.

"Taste good?" Stan asked while massaging Grace's tits, paying close attention to her very large puffy nipples.

"Mmmm....like sweet nectar!" Tom answered quickly as his tongue went back to fucking her hole.

"Let me have a taste." Tom moved a bit as Stan reached over, and started rubbing her clit. He ran two fingers inside, and fucked her with them a bit before bring them to his lips "Delicious, and she can suck cock!"

Tom had started to suck her clit hard, making sure to keep his fingers in her pussy. Grace could barely contain herself. She could feel the orgasam building once more, this time more intense.

Tom knew this, and stood up. He slapped her clit with his hard cock a couple of times before he thrust it in all the way.

"So nice, and tight," Tom growled as he fucked her. Grace was beside herself with pleasure. Stan's cock was fucking her face, soon to cum, while he played with her nipples, and Tom was busy fucking her very wet pussy, and playing with her clit. She felt like she was going to burst at any minute.

Just as she was getting close again Tom pulled out, and switched sides with Stan. Almost immediately Stan started lapping at her pussy as Tom shoved his pussy soaked cock in her mouth.

"That's it baby doll, suck me clean." Grace loved the taste of her pussy, even more when she was licking it off a cock.

Stan raised her legs a bit off the bench. She almost bit Tom's cock when Stan's tongue found her sweet asshole.

"You like that?" Stan asked as be played with her hole with his thumb gently probing.

She tried to nod but couldn't, Tom's cock filling her mouth to the back of her throat. She could feel the first finger probing her ass slowly. She clamped her mouth on Tom's cock as the second, and third finger entered. In, and out. In, and out. Fast then slow. She loved how full her tight ass felt with Stan's fingers inside. Grace couldn't take it any more. She released Tom's cock, and yelled out.

"Fuck me! Make me cum, dammit!"

Stan smiled at Tom. He removed his fingers, and fed them to Grace, who eagerly sucked her sweetness from them.

"That's a good girl! Lick them clean."

Tom grabbed her arms, and stood her up. Stan laid on the bench behind her . Grace knew what was gong to happen. Stan made sure his cock was good, and lubed as Grace impaled her ass on it.

"Holy fuck! That feels so good baby! Fuck my cock!" And she did, she fucked herself as her ass slid up, and down his cock. 

Tom grabbed her head, and fed her his cock again. Grace could feel her orgasam gaining speed. Tom took his cock from her mouth, and thrust into her pussy. The sensation was extreme for Grace. A cock filling both her pussy, and ass was a dream come true. Feeling two cocks pumping her holes, filling her sweetly was pure ecstacy. Tom only had to thrust a few times before Grace let out her scream.

"Yes, fuck me! I'm cumming!" She had never cum so hard in her life.

Soon after Stan let out a groan and she could feel her ass fill with his hot sperm. Tom backed up, and sprayed his load on her tits.

Grace lifted herself from Stan's cock. She turned as his cum was dripping down her leg, and took his cock in her moth cleaning him off. She turned, and did the same for Tom. Walking toward the showers she looked over her shoulder at the two men who were trying to catch their breath, and adjust themselves. 

"I should have been showering here all along." She said, with a sly smile on her face. "See you guys after work tomorrow." She winked as she started the shower once again.