 Disclaimer: all characters in the story are over 18.

*****

Let me start by saying that this story is like a lot of movies. It's based on a true story. That means that some of these things did happen, but I've also embellished them for your benefit. Also, it doesn't jump straight into the action, rather it takes a while to get there. Bear with it, this is my first erotica writing attempt and I may be a little too wordy.

I'm getting ahead of myself. My name is Alex, and I'm currently studying computer science. I'm in my junior year at the local university. Now I know that might automatically make me a nerd and that's mostly true, but I'm a varied person. I have lots of other interests.

For example, I love sports. I like to watch them, I like to play them, and I like to talk about them. I like any sport. That is what parent's me together to my best friend. His name is Ben; he loves sports as much as I do, well, probably more. We hit it off as soon as we met. We met when I was 13 and he was 14. We've been friends ever since.

One day, as spring break was nearing, Ben gave me a call.

"Hello?" I answered.

"Hi Alex, what's up man?" Ben said on the other end.

"Not much," I replied, lying. I had a ton of homework to do.

"Hey man, you've got spring break next week right?" He asked.

"Yeah, I do actually."

"Got any plans?"

"No, not really. My parents are actually out of the country, so I'm not going home."

"Perfect, come up and visit! My mom is visiting my grandma and my dad will be away on business. We'll have the house to ourselves!"

"You sure? You're not going to spend time with Emily?" I asked.

Emily was Ben's girlfriend. They'd been sweethearts forever. They were the dream couple. Both came from well to do families and were attractive. They were a model couple, the type who's photo you see in picture frames at the store.

"Nah, she's not on break. She's stuck in classes all week."

"Well sounds good. I've got a class on Friday, but I can be up there by 5 or so." It was a short drive from my campus to Ben's parents' house.

"Sounds like a plan, man. I'll see if I can't line up a basketball game on Saturday."

"Cool," I replied as we ended the conversation.

I was certainly excited at the prospect of spending a carefree week with my best friend. The rest of the week flew by and before long I was on the road North.

I got there around 5, exactly like I'd predicted. I was greeted my Ben's dad, James. Ben hadn't gotten back from a doctor's appointment yet. We got to talking about a lot of things.

James was a financial advisor. He ran his own firm, and was quite successful. Even though I was a computer science student, I had some vague knowledge of the financial world, so we chatted about that for a while. Eventually James got around to more personal matters. He'd known me since I was a boy, and was like a second dad.

"Alex," he said as he sipped his glass of iced tea, "do you have a girlfriend?"

"No," I replied after a pause, "I'm just too busy with school and work. It wouldn't be fair to put a girl through that."

"That's a shame," James said.

"Looks like Ben and Emily are going to be married soon, huh?" I asked.

"Yep, Ben is looking to propose before long actually."

"That must be exciting."

"Eh," he answered, "it was a done deal a while ago. I worry about Kinsey though, I don't think that girl will ever get married."

I just looked at him with a puzzled expression, hoping to extract more information.

"She just broke up with a guy. He was a total idiot, I disliked him from the start, which of course, drove her more towards him. She saw that I was right in the end though. He cheated on her with her roommate. That was the biggest blow she's ever been dealt."

It pained me to hear that. Kinsey and I had an interesting relationship. We met at a young age, and from the beginning we had our ups and downs. We both played the hate game early on. We'd be mean to each other and exchange insults. Then after about a year, I started to realize she was a nice girl. I stopped picking on her. She continued to act as though she despised me.

Then we went on vacation together. We were totally different personalities, but we clicked. We laughed with each other, we played and spent time together, and we seemed like good friends. Such good friends in fact, that one older woman said we looked like a lovely couple.

After that Kinsey kept on the act of dislike in public, but we always had a good relationship in private. We'd text and talk and gradually became good friends. Still, we never even contemplated a romantic relationship, even though I'd have been open to it.

"It's a shame that she can't find a good guy like yourself, Alex. You'll make quite a catch for some young girl." James said.

"Thank you," I said in reply.

At that moment, we both heard the door open.

"Ben?" James called out.

"Nope, sorry to disappoint," I heard Kinsey call from the back of the house.

"Oh, Kinsey, I'm so glad you're here. Come on in and say hi to your daddy."

Kinsey entered and instantly saw me.

"To what do I owe the displeasure, Alex?" She asked as she bent down and kissed her father on the head.

"Spring break, same as you" I answered.

"Shouldn't you be on a beach somewhere, trying to get laid by drunk coeds?"

"Well, it probably would be more fun than being in your general vicinity."

"Now children, calm yourselves," James said.

"You're right, daddy. I'm going up to my room and I'm going to take a long bath."

She walked away and when she knew her dad couldn't see her, she turned and gave me a wink. She had a power over me and she knew it.

A few minutes later Ben got home and we started to talk. The weekend flew by, we played basketball and video games and generally lived it up. We had a lot of fun, staying up late and eating all kinds of junk. I'd forgotten Kinsey was even there.

We stayed up really late on Sunday, so I woke up late Monday. As I made my way to the kitchen to get some cereal, I saw Ben. He was dressed in a suit and was hurriedly stuffing items in a suitcase.

"What's wrong Ben?" I asked.

"Oh I'm sorry Alex, I have to leave right now. My dad and I are flying out to meet with a potential client. He's a very big deal and my dad wants me to handle his account, so it's imperative that I be there. I'll be back Wednesday night, so we can salvage some of this week."

"Oh," I said disappointedly.

"I'm sorry man, I wish I didn't have to go."

"No it's fine."

"Now listen," Ben said, "just hang out here, enjoy the pool. Do whatever you want, have fun, and I'll be back before you realize I was gone."

"Sure thing," I said as he moved past me.

"Now I've got to run to make my flight. See you Wednesday!" He said as he left.

I just hung out around the house, watched some TV, ate. At around 3:30 in the afternoon I heard an upstairs door open. I instantly was startled. I thought Kinsey had left, since her car wasn't in the driveway.

I saw Kinsey walking down the stairs. She must've seen the expression on my face.

"Hey, Alex, did I scare you?" She asked.

"Um, just a little bit. I'll be fine." I replied.

"I'm sorry, I didn't know you were staying. I heard about Ben and figured you'd leave."

"No, he told me to stay. He'll be back Wednesday night." I was slightly puzzled.

"Oh, OK. That's fine. I'll be around, but I won't be in your way." She said.

"More like I'll be in your way. You sure your OK with me staying here?"

"Yeah, it's fine. I trust you won't cause me any trouble."

That was really impressive. I couldn't believe she actually trusted me. An awkward silence followed. Finally Kinsey just walked upstairs to her room. I spent the rest of the day killing time. I had my laptop with me so I played some games, tinkered with a few of my projects, and watched some videos.

To be honest, I was really bored. I had no idea how I was going to last another two days. I was reworking some mathematical function in a homework assignment when Kinsey interrupted me.

"Hey, what's up?" She asked as she walked up behind me.

"Not much, I'm just fooling around with some things." I replied, still typing.

"It looks like really complicated stuff," she said, looking at my computer.

"Not really, I'm just tweaking some things."

"Well, you seem busy anyway," she started to walk away.

"I'm not that busy," I said, looking her way, "do you need something?"

"Slow down, Alex. I was just going to say that I'm going over to Morgan's house. We're going to do a marathon of the old James Bond movies. You can come if you want to."

So as to not appear to desperate I pretended to be pondering the invitation.

"We'll probably make fun of them, talk during it, and be crazy. You sure you can put up with that?"

"Yeah," I said hesitantly, "I think I'll come. Let me grab my phone real quick."

I ran back to grab my phone then got in Kinsey's car. As we drove I realized that outside of text messages, we hadn't spoken a lot in person since that vacation. It was fairly silent as we drove down country roads from her parent's house into town. Finally I broke the silence.

"So how are things going? I haven't heard from you in like a month."

Silence. Maybe I asked the wrong question? I was cursing myself when she broke her silence.

"Well I haven't had the best month. Turns out my boyfriend was cheating on me with my roommate, that bastard. When that happens, you start to have trust issues, at least I am. I can't see myself dating for a while. I even sometimes don't trust my friends anymore. I've become slightly paranoid, which is stupid."

"I'm sorry, Kinsey. I understand how you feel."

"Been cheated on recently?"

"No, by whom?"

"Surely you have a girlfriend that you are not telling me about."

"Nope, I don't."

"Seriously? I find that hard to believe."

"Why does everyone think I'm such a womanizer? Your dad said the same thing."

"It's just the opposite in fact. You are so not a womanizer. It's why I thought girls would be attracted to you. You don't try too hard."

"Well not everyone has your tastes apparently."

"Listen Alex, don't be hard on yourself. When we were younger, you had so many secret admirers."

"What?" This was news to me.

"Yeah, I mean what is not to like? You're smart, cute, and you're pretty rich."

"Well I can at least claim that one of those is true."

"That you're rich you mean?"

"I wish, my parents may be rich, but I'm not that rich, perhaps the opposite."

"Well, it's only a matter of time. Still you have a lot going for you. I know that someday you'll be doing big things."

"Well I don't have time for a girlfriend right now. School and work have been killing me."

"At least you get a week off to enjoy life."

"Yeah, it came at a good time. Plus I get to spend time with you and Morgan!"

"That sounded sarcastic," Kinsey replied dryly.

"It kind of was. Honestly I was really bored, I just wanted to get out of the house."

"I figured as much."

We pulled up to the apartment building. It was a very nice place, and it seemed like barely any people were home that night. We walked up to the door. It was the usual girly excitement as they said hello, then Morgan saw me.

"Alex? I haven't seen you for ages!" She said as she gave me a hug.

"Well, what can I say? Better late than never, huh?"

"That's the truth. How've you been?" She asked as we moved inside and she closed the door. Her apartment was very nicely furnished. It seemed to be a lot bigger on the inside, which I was always told is a hallmark of good design.

"So are you ready for Kinsey and I to make fun of James Bond?" Morgan asked.

"Well to be fair, it's kind of easy with the first few. Outside of Sean Connery, they're sort of weak."

"That's very true," Kinsey said.

"Well I've got snacks and ice cream to last us all night, even with Alex. We're not sleeping until dawn!" Morgan said with a smile.

We started to watch the first movie. I sat on the couch, in between Kinsey and Morgan. I didn't do that purposely, it just worked out that way. I was the last one to sit down.

We laughed our way through the first one, enjoying each other's jokes. Kinsey was one of the wittiest people I'd ever met. After it was over we took a short break for snacks and some drinks.

"I was telling Alex now many admirers he used to have. Isn't that true Morgan?" Kinsey said with a mischievous smile.

"Yeah, remember how crazy Lexi was about him?" Morgan replied.

"Yeah, she wanted me to set her up with you." Kinsey said as she turned towards me.

"To be fair, she was right. Alex is quite a nice guy. Lexi swore that he has a big cock. She said she saw it through his bathing suit at one of your parent's pool parties." Morgan chuckled.

"Is that so?" Kinsey asked as they both turned towards me.

"Lexi is the one who became a writer, right? She has a hyperactive imagination." I tried to escape this subject.

"Maybe," Morgan said in a doubting tone.

I was a little uncomfortable after that point and was a a little quieter than before. After a couple of movies we got bored and started to talk about things. Kinsey told us the saga about her boyfriend. It was heart wrenching for me to think that someone would treat her that way.

I looked at the clock. It was 1:30 AM. I looked back at the girls; they were exhausted. They'd reached a point I've since coined 'fatigue drunkenness'. They'd get to giggling and wouldn't stop. It was funny, but then Morgan got kind of frisky. I was feeling kind of horny and she could tell, so she teased me.

"Let's play truth or dare." Morgan suggested.

"Oh not the infamous sleepover game." I scoffed.

"My house, so we're going to play my way. We'll take turns drawing cards from my deck, and do what it says. If you don't want to do what the card says, you don't have to."

"Oh thank goodness," I said.

"But, if you refuse, you have to take a piece of clothing off."

"Crap," I said.

"Kind of risqué for Alex's first time, don't you think?" Kinsey asked.

"Nah, he can handle it." Morgan smiled devilishly.

"Woah, are you girls being for real?" I asked.

They just stared at me.

"Of course," Morgan said, "we're all friends here."

"OK," I said.

We arranged ourselves into a little circle. Morgan was in front of me and to my right and Kinsey was on my left.

"You go first, Alex." Morgan said, pushing a deck of cards over towards me.

I drew a card and looked at it. Thankfully it wasn't too bad.

"Truth: Have you gone skinny dipping?" I read aloud. "That's easy. No."

"Really?" Kinsey asked.

"Yeah, I'm not lying, I promise."

"All right, I'm next," Kinsey said as she drew a card. She looked at it then thought a little bit. 'Truth: Have you ever done it on your parent's bed? If yes, tell about it' What kind of questions are these?"

"Are you going to answer it or not?" Morgan said.

"Hell no!" Kinsey said. This was the first time I'd seen Kinsey tipsy. She hadn't drank much, but the effects were obvious.

She took off her socks in agreement with the rules. This was definitely real.

"My turn," Morgan said, drawing a card. "Dare: Kiss the person to your left."

Before I could react, Morgan swooped in and gave me a quick kiss on the lips.

"I kept it brief," she laughed, "I didn't want Kinsey to get jealous."

Kinsey just rolled her eyes. I drew my card, now very wary of where this was going.

"Dare: kiss the neck of the person to your right for 10 seconds." I read aloud, already reaching for my socks.

"Wait. You're not going to do it?" Kinsey asked, slightly disappointed.

"Nope. Draw your card kid." I replied. 

She drew her card. Her face looked completely perplexed. She looked up at the ceiling weighing the risks. 

"What's it say?" Morgan asked. 

"Pick someone to force to remove a specific piece of clothing but you have to remove one as well. I lose a piece of clothing if I refuse, so I might as well take advantage."

"Oh, snap!" Morgan said. "Well who do you want?"

"You of course. Get rid of that ugly tank top." Kinsey said as she reached for the bottom of her shirt to remove it. 

"Fair is fair." Morgan said as she too removed her top.

The sexual tension had reached a incredible high. I looked at the two girls in front of me. They both were incredibly fit, but had completely different body types. 

Kinsey had amazing legs that stretched forever. They ended in a fairly large posterior that was perfectly round and plump. She had a nice pair of breasts that sat very round in her white bra. They formed two perfect orbs.

Morgan was totally different. She was shorter than Kinsey and had more curve to her hips and waist. She had a very toned stomach. Her breasts were by far her defining feature. Ever since I'd known Morgan, she'd always had bigger breasts than her friends. She still did, and my they were a pair. She was wearing a black bra that pushed them up into two round, globe like mounds. 

They noticed my eager stares.

"Look Morgan," Kinsey said, "we've already got him excited. I think we should take advantage and try to verify Lexi's report."

I noticed that they were getting really tipsy at this point.

"OK girls, I think we should stop here before something happens that we all regret later." I said, trying to prevent any problems.

"We're all adults here, Alex. Let's enjoy each other's company." Morgan said as she winked at me.

They seemed determined to do this, so I decided to go with the flow. We played a few more rounds before they dropped the pretenses and went straight to stripping naked. 

There I sat, shirtless, staring at two gorgeous girls who were completely naked and growing friskier by the minute. I was relishing this moment.

"Let's do this," Morgan said as she looked at Kinsey. 

They both just giggled. They moved towards me. Kinsey put her hand on my shoulder and gently let it drop down, rubbing my chest as she moved her mouth closer to mine for a kiss. 

Morgan meanwhile, had gone straight for my pants, already pulling them off. I felt her hook her fingers into my underwear and swiftly pull them down and off. 

"Well Lexi wasn't wrong. Alex, you have a very respectable cock."

"I'm flattered," I said as I broke my kiss with Kinsey momentarily.

"It's not the biggest I've ever had, but it's very nice nonetheless." She said.

Kinsey broke the kiss again to look down. 

"Oh my god, Morgan. It's huge!" She laughed.

"Not really, it's only about 7 inches." Morgan proceeded to put it into her mouth. 

"Well I've never been fucked by any cock that big." 

"Well then, your boyfriend's have been sub par. It's probably a good thing the last on cheated on you with your roommate." Morgan said jokingly. 

Kinsey giggled as she turned back to me and kissed me deeply. I reached one hand up and grabbed her breast. It was tender and slightly squishy. I squished it, noting how it felt, smooth and supple. I gently massaged it in my hand, bringing moans to Kinsey's lips.

Morgan meanwhile, was going to town on my penis. She sucked and licked furiously, eliciting electrifying pleasure. I felt that I would soon cum, but knew I had to hold back. Instead, I moved my mouth from Kinsey's lips to her breasts. I began to flick her nipples with my tongue and draw little shapes on her tender tits. 

She threw her head back and moaned loudly. I noticed that Morgan had left my cock and buried her face in Kinsey's pussy. She was eating her out quite vigorously. Combined with the attention I was giving her breasts, we soon felt Kinsey's orgasm spread through her entire body. 

Morgan lifted her head up and moved towards me, planting her lips on mine. I reached out and tasted Kinsey's pussy on her lips. I reached my hand around and felt that Kinsey was dripping wet. 
