 *This is my first story so I appreciate any feedback, but please be gentle. Enjoy!*

My name is Angela. Four months ago, I got engaged to the love of my life, Aaron. We met during our first year of college, seven years ago, and have been crazy in love ever since. About a month into our engagement, Aaron's company transferred him from New York to Los Angeles. It had been almost three months since we had seen each other. As exciting as our phone sex was, I missed the real thing. So I hopped a plane and headed to LA to surprise him. 

A few hours later, I arrived at Aaron's house, my body ablaze with anticipation. I opened the front door and climbed the staircase, discarding pieces of clothing along the way. By the time I reached the master bedroom, the only thing covering my voluptuous frame was a silky blue thong. The bedroom door was slightly ajar and I could hear moaning. I froze; I couldn't believe Aaron was cheating on me. I peered inside, ready to catch his two-timing ass, and beat the shit out of him and his ugly slut. Instead, I got the surprise of my life.

There was my six-foot-two, built like a linebacker, fiancé sprawled on the bed, on his hands and knees, moaning and writhing like a dog in heat. Aaron wasn't fucking some slut, he was getting fucked and from the look on his face, he was thoroughly enjoying it.

Making sure to stay hidden in the shadows, I craned my neck to see who was giving it to him. My jaw dropped to the floor when I saw Jeff. Jeff was Aaron's college roommate and childhood best friend. Jeff had moved to Los Angeles shortly after graduation. He was thrilled when Aaron told him about the transfer. And now I could see why. 

I should have been angry but I was so fascinated. My fiancé was getting fucked and I was getting turned on. I started to massage my pussy through my panties. I could feel a wet spot forming on the silky material. 

I watched Jeff plow his dick into Aaron's ass. Aaron's eyes glazed over as he tugged on his 9-inch cock. 

"Ughhh Jeff, don't stop, don't fucking stop!" Aaron said, licking his lips, "You're gonna make me cum!"

Jeff groaned and his pace quickened, "That's it, take this dick, just like that.....ohhh yea, you know what I like."

I slid my panties aside and rubbed my clit. Jeff was thrusting in and out of Aaron's ass, hard and fast. Aaron was yanking on his cock. They were groaning and grunting, fucking themselves into a frenzy. A couple minutes later, Aaron arched his back and let out a throaty growl. Cum began to spew all over his hand and onto the bed. Jeff grabbed Aaron's hips and emptied his load into my fiancé's ass. They both collapsed, satisfied and spent. 

By now, my orgasm was seconds away. My fingers were working furiously and my breath was coming in short gasps. My body started shudder and my knees started to buckle underneath me. I bit my lip to keep from screaming. I must have been making more noise than I thought because suddenly, I could feel eyes staring in my direction. Before I could move, Aaron leapt from the bed and snatched the door open. 

As I stood there looking guilty as sin, I noticed a smile spread across Aaron's lips. He turned and looked at Jeff, who winked back. Aaron took my hand and licked my fingers. 

"Angela, looks like you enjoyed the show babe," Aaron said, as he led me into the bedroom. 

Aaron lifted me off the floor and laid me on the bed. He removed my panties and spread my legs, planting kisses down my torso. He stopped to glide his tongue around my belly button. I shivered with delight. I felt the juices dripping from my pussy and running down my thighs. Aaron coated two fingers in my cum, slipped them inside me, and finger fucked me while he sucked my clit. 

Jeff, not wanting to be left out of the action, crawled up beside me and rubbed his big dick across my full lips. The view from my hiding spot did not do it justice. It was huge! Almost 10 inches and thick, I licked the tip, tasting his sweet precum. I let him glide his cock slowly into my mouth. My tongue danced up and down the shaft. I cupped his balls and pulled him deeper into my mouth letting the tip hit the back of my throat.

"Damn girl!" Jeff exclaimed. He tangled his fingers in my hair and pumped harder in and out of my mouth. 

After a few minutes of feasting on his glorious cock, I had to feel it inside of me. I eased Jeff's cock out of my mouth and began stroking him. 

"Fuck me," I said looking up at him seductively, "Fuck me hard."

Aaron reluctantly left my pussy and crawled up beside me. He licked his fingers kissed me. The mixture of my juices and Jeff's cum was heavenly. I moaned into his mouth. For a few minutes, he kneeled near my face, stroking himself while I sucked his balls, then he finally let his dick slip between my lips. He grabbed my head and started to fuck my throat. 

I felt Jeff's finger slide into my pussy. Aaron's face turned to a slight grimace, alerting me that the same finger had just entered his ass. Jeff then eased his cock into my pussy and began giving me the fucking of a lifetime. 

"Mmmmm Jeff you feel so good inside me, fuck me harder, I wanna cum so bad!" I cried in between Aaron's thrusts into my mouth. Jeff increased his speed, grunting and thrusting, finger-fucking Aaron's ass while Aaron fucked my face. After a few minutes, my body quivered and I exploded, pushing Jeff's cock out of my pussy and soaking the bed. 

"OHHHHHHHHHHH FFFFFUUUUUUCCCCCKKKKKKKKK!!!!!" I screamed, pushing Aaron's cock out of my mouth. As my orgasm subsided, I rolled into a corner of the bed, too sensitive to be touched. 

Jeff grabbed Aaron by his legs and pulled him down to the edge of the bed. Jeff mounted Aaron and his dick, still lubricated with my cum, disappeared effortlessly into Aaron's ass. I watched Aaron and Jeff hump and fuck, lazily stroking my clit. I was slowly getting turned on again and I remembered why I came here; I wanted some from my man. 

The guys were lost in the throes of their ecstasy. I crawled toward Aaron, laid on my back, and slowly guided his stiff dick into my ass. Aaron's balls smacked against my ass as I began playing with my throbbing clit. I loved feeling Aaron's dick slam into me as I watched Jeff fuck him like tomorrow would never come. The room was filled with the sounds of grunts, moans, and four-letter words. 

Jeff was holding onto Aaron's hips as if his life depended on it. His eyelids started to flutter and he cried out, "OH SHIT!!! I'M FUCKING CUMMING!!! OHHHHH GOD!!!" I watched a satisfied smile spread across Aaron's face as he felt Jeff filling his hole. 

I felt my third orgasm building; Aaron pumped his cock into my ass, harder with each thrust. He leaned forward and kissed me.

"Baby, I love you!" he moaned into my mouth. 

I sucked his lips and tongue and felt his cock erupt inside my asshole. His cum flooding me sent me over the edge. I wrapped my arms around Aaron, pulling him closer to me as I came. 

"Yes, Oh God yes," I squealed, "Aaron, I love you...Oh God, I love you!" 

As we all came down from an amazing high, I rolled onto my stomach and propped myself up with my arms. "So Jeff...how about you bring your girlfriend by tomorrow night?" I said with a devilish grin. 

But that's a story for another time...