 Edited by Todger65. 

It was late Saturday night. My boyfriend had gone out drinking with his work colleagues. It was around 1am when I heard a knock at the door. I looked out the windows to find my boyfriend and 3 of his work friends waiting at the door. When I opened the door I could tell they had had a fair bit to drink. They headed inside and made their way to the kitchen. I decided to prepare some coffee for everyone while they sat at the table trying to hold a conversation. I could feel their eyes watching me while I was preparing the coffee. All of a sudden I realised I was probably dressed a little inappropriate for visitors. I thought for a minute I should probably go change but got completely side-tracked making the coffee. 

I headed into the lounge and started to watch some TV, leaving the guys to chat in the kitchen. Sometime had past and I woke up on the couch between my boyfriend and one of his work friends. I slowly opened my eyes and looked around. I noticed my night shirt had slid up my legs slightly, revealing my white panties. I looked over at the TV. The guys had an adult movie playing and between watching the TV their eyes were watching me. I kept watching the TV and the longer I watched the more I was getting turned on. Watching three guys fucking one woman was getting me so wet. My boyfriend put his hand on my leg and started to softly rub my thighs. His hand moved closer and closer until I could feel his hand pressing against my panties. My eyes focused on the TV. The woman was being sandwiched between two guys. She had two cocks in her pussy while the third cock was in her mouth. This was getting me so turned on and my heart was racing. I had always wanted to experience two cocks inside me at the same time. 

I closed my eyes and slightly parted my legs. All of a sudden I felt a second pair of hands touching me. I kept my eyes closed and could feel my pussy getting so wet. I felt my panties being slid down my legs revealing my very wet pussy. Being so wet was turning me on so much. My boyfriend lifted me up off the couch and removed my shirt then guided me down to the floor. Now lying naked my boyfriend and his friends were standing over me undressing. I couldn't take my eyes off their nice and hard cocks. I couldn't wait for my pussy to be used by each one of them. They knelt down around me running their hands all over my body, touching me everywhere. I could not control myself. Both my hands were exploring, touching and pulling their cocks closer. One at a time I took their cocks in my mouth sucking them hard. I felt my pussy being spread apart as a tongue softly teased it. I had never felt like this before. The thought of being shared and used made me so excited. 

I looked up as my boyfriend and one of his friends sat up on the couch stroking their hard cocks. I continued sucking the hard cock in front of me while enjoying my pussy being licked. After a few minutes I got up and moved over to the couch. I sat on my boyfriend facing him as I slid his cock into my wet pussy. Riding his cock hard and deep felt so good. I looked around enjoying the sight of the other three guys stroking their hard erect cocks. My body tensed and it felt like I was going to explode as an orgasm shot through my body. 

After my body started to relax my boyfriend pulled me forward, my breasts pressing against his chest. I felt another cock stretching my pussy. Now with two cocks sliding inside of me the feeling was amazing. The thoughts in my mind of two cocks rubbing together filling my pussy was unbelievable. My eyes caught sight of the TV. The woman had a cock in her pussy and her ass. The third cock she was stroking and sucking. I reached out and grabbed hold of a cock pulling it close taking it deep in my mouth. Faster and harder the two cocks pounded my pussy keeping it nice and wet. The guys guided me up as they swapped positions. I turned around and sat down on another cock. While I rode his cock with my back to him his hands moved around grabbing my tits. The other guys moved in front and I leaned forward and took turns stroking and sucking each cock. While riding the hard cock on the couch I leaned myself backwards with my back on his chest. One of the guys moved between my legs and pushed his cock in my pussy. Having both cocks inside me was bringing me to an orgasm and my body tensed and shook as I came. 

After they all took turns fucking my pussy they helped me up off the couch. I knelt down on the floor in clear view of the TV. From behind a hard cock started fucking my pussy while another lay down in front. I took his hard cock deep in my mouth sucking him hard. He put his hands on my head while he thrusted his cock in my mouth. I could feel his cock deep in my throat. The guy behind got up as another moved in. I slid my hand down rubbing my pussy making my fingers wet then slowly slid a finger into my ass. I was ready to feel a hard cock. I relaxed my body. I felt a hard cock pressing against my arse and slowly entering. The pleasure rushed through my body as I felt an orgasm building. 

My body shook and tremored over and over as his cock pumped my ass. I kept sucking the cock in front of me. I could feel his cock getting harder and harder as he pushed my head down on his cock. The guys took turns fucking my ass deep and hard and when they were close to cumming, they laid me on my back on the floor and started stroking their cocks around me. I looked at my boyfriend who I could tell had enjoyed watching me being fucked. My boyfriend moved close to my mouth and with a loud moan his cock exploded. He came all over my face and in my mouth. I sucked his cock clean before he collapsed on the floor. 

The other guys moved close. I started sucking a cock and as he started getting hard and moaned, his cock came hard in my mouth squirting his cum down my throat. I lay back watching the rest of the guys stroking their cocks ready to explode while I grabbed my breasts, squeezing my nipples. All of a sudden both guys shot all over my face and tits bathing me in their cum. We all lay in a pile of sweat on the floor. I looked around at the guys who were now passed out. I got up and headed to the shower to clean myself up thinking that I could not believe what had just happened. But I knew I wanted it to happen again. 

After my shower I hopped into bed naked. I couldn't get what had happened out of my head. My hands started wandering, touching myself everywhere as my mind ran wild. The thought of the night was getting me very wet as my fingers explored my pussy. All of a sudden my body tensed as I began to climax. The sensation was amazing. I lay helpless and my body exhausted as I slowly drifted off to sleep.