 FRIDAY (morning)

Alicia woke up in the back seat of the dusty old car in Mark's garage. Her entire body ached when she tried to move. When she opened her eyes, she saw used condoms all over her body. The semen inside of them had leaked all over her. She made no effort to brush them off. When she sat up, she looked into the rear view mirror. Her face had dried cum all over it and a condom was matted in her hair. She looked like an absolute mess.

"You look like a whore," she thought to herself.

And she was right – she did. Yesterday, she made an effort to stand up for herself. She wanted Tommy and Mark to know that she had limits. Alicia didn't want Tommy, or Mark, to make decisions for her. All of this effort was in vain. Tommy confronted her and put her in her place. All of her pride and convictions had been thrown out the window. 

He shouted at her in a way that she had never experienced before. No one had talked to her like that. She always thought that she would end up with a man who would treat her right and make her feel special. She had that relationship with Peter for a while, until things became too routine. After their breakup, she started dating Tommy. He gave her butterflies in her stomach and she enjoyed being with someone who respected her and didn't judge her for her newfound sexual awakening.

All of that changed last night. Tommy had went from the boyfriend she always wanted to a monster. 

"Maybe Ricky was right," she thought. At the gangbang last Sunday, Ricky had warned her about Tommy.

She remembered what he told her...

"Doesn't it bother you the way he talks to you?"

"He talks to you like you're nothing."

"You'll see. It's only going to get worse, sweetie. Don't say I didn't warn you."

She knew he was right. Part of her felt guilty for not listening to Ricky. How could she know he would be right? At the time that Ricky warned her, they weren't even dating yet. She was blinded by her attraction to Tommy and was unable to heed Ricky's warning.

The other part of Alicia felt excited about what had happened to her last night. It was the same feeling she felt when she had been gangbanged at her father's bar last week. She felt something inside of her bursting out. Feelings and desires she never knew she had manifested themselves after Tommy dressed her down the other night.

She looked into the rearview mirror again and whispered, "I'm a whore."

She grabbed the used condom out of her hair and held it front of her. Even though it had been used and discarded a while ago, it still looked slimy. She rolled her eyes and tossed it on the floorboard. She grabbed the door handle and opened it, exiting the car.

"Where is everyone?" she said quietly.

The garage was empty. All that remained were empty beer cans.

Alicia shivered and decided that she should look for her clothes. She looked around the room for them. Her t-shirt hung over the back of a chair. She put it on – not caring enough about finding her bra first.

Her nipples poked through the white fabric of the t-shirt. She rubbed her arms in a futile attempt to warm up.

She looked down and saw Tommy's video camera and a note attached to it which read, "Watch me."

Finding the rest of her clothes was now in the back of her mind. Her curiosity had taken over. She grabbed the camera and walked over to the entertainment center, plugged the camera in, and turned it on.

Then she hit the PLAY button.

She immediately noticed that this was footage taken from last night after Greg had fucked her. Remembering this brought back memories of how awful her ass felt afterward and how he spit in her face. Despite the pain and the humiliation – she enjoyed it. She actually asked him to spit on her. This was something that she had never had happen to her before, but she was too turned on to care.

On the dirty television screen, she watched Tommy and Mark talk with Ian and Rex who had just got there when Greg finished with her. She could see Greg in the background, fumbling with his clothes and leaving her alone with them.

Greg was the only person yesterday who had been respectful to her, but Tommy turned him into a monster too. He no longer cared for her well-being and was content leaving her with four men with no regard to what happens to her.

Alicia watched as Tommy brought the camera back over to her. When the camera was in her face, she could see the load that Greg had deposited and the spit that hit her in the eye.

"Ready for round two, you fucking whore?" Tommy taunted her.

She slowly nodded her head.

"Hey boys, check it out! She's ready for some more!" he shouted.

Without any instruction, Ian, Rex, and Mark moved closer to her. She was still on her knees and wasn't sure what was going to happen to her next.

"Alright guys, listen up before we get going," Tommy said. "Alicia's nothing more than a cheap slut. Use her however you want. Do anything you want with her. She's my girlfriend, but more importantly – she's my slave. Fuck her, spank her, slap her, spit on her, pull her hair, cum on her face, call her names – everything is on the table, boys!"

Tommy's friends cheered as they eyed Alicia's vulnerable nude body like a piece of meat. In reality, that was all she was to them now – meat. To be used for nothing more than sex.

Even though she looked frightened – she was ready. Ready for everyone to pounce on her and use her body.

Ian was first. He had unbuckled his belt and slid his pants down his legs as he licked his lips and stared at Alicia – with an unsettling grin.

"Sweet cheeks, I've heard Tommy talk about you. I thought he was full of shit 'til I saw that picture he sent me and Rex here of your sweet ass bent over that car. I can't wait to tear you apart..."

She wanted him to fuck her. She wanted all four of them to fuck her, but Ian's words were beginning to scare her. Alicia stood in front of Ian, trembling, waiting for his next move.

Ian grabbed her roughly around her waist and pulled her close to him. By this point, he had kicked his pants off, and stood in front of her wearing only a dirty white t-shirt. His rubbed his cock between Alicia's legs, causing her let out a soft moan. He put his head down and grabbed one of her large, milky white breasts and stuck the nipple in his mouth.

He began to suck and paw at her tit like an animal. Alicia's fears were subsiding and her body was beginning to enjoy the attention she was receiving. She threw head back and bit her bottom lip as Ian continued to chew on her breast.

"There ain't a girl in this city with tits like hers Tommy," Rex said.

"You got that right. I saw the pair on this one and knew I had to make her mine. There's no way I'm letting her get away from me," Tommy replied.

The two friends shared a laugh as Ian decided it was time to get what he came for. He grabbed Alicia and threw her on the musky old couch. She knew what was coming and braced herself for it – even making herself ready for him. She rested her arms against the back of the couch and stuck her ass out, opening her legs as far as she could.

Alicia looked behind her to see Ian approaching her, cock in hand.

"You want this bitch? You want Ian to fuck your little pussy?" Tommy spat.

She slowly nodded her head and meekly replied, "Yes."

"Uhhh!" she grunted, slapping the hood of the car as Ian pushed himself inside of her.

"Yeah...this feels real nice," Ian said, thrusting slowly into her pussy.

Ian was surprised at how it felt to be inside of Alicia. If what Tommy said was true, she had had a lot of mileage put on her pussy in the past week. He wasn't sure if she would still be as tight as he hoped for.

He was also surprised at how wet she was. He didn't need to lube her up before entering her. Alicia's pussy was sopping wet from the teasing he had given her before fucking her.

While he fucked her, Tommy came around the side of the car and pointed his camera in her face. Her eyes met the lens of the camera.

"Baby, you know where this little movie of ours is going to go?" he asked.

She couldn't shake her head "no", because her face was pressed against the hood. It didn't matter what she said, Tommy was about to tell her anyway.

"I've decided that sharing you with my friends isn't good enough. I'm going to put this movie of you getting fucked by all four of us on the internet so the whole world can see what a slut you are," he said, laughing at her.

"Yeah, bitch, that's right, everybody is going to see me fuck your pussy raw," Ian said. "From the beaners in Mexico to the Arabs in the Middle East to the Chinamen, Russians – even the folks in this city."

Ian and Tommy's words made her think. While Ian's pace began to quicken, assaulting her pussy with hard, violent thrusts – she thought about what they had said. Earlier last week she was worried about people finding out about her secret sexual life. She scolded Tommy for taking nude photos of her when she undressed in front of him last Saturday. She had allowed the boys at the gangbang on Sunday to take photos and videos of her with their phones and share them with whoever they wanted. Her inhibitions seemed to disappear each day. She wondered if she had any left.

Her concentration was broken as she felt her long, raven black hair being pulled. Ian pulled it back as far as he could as she slammed into her.

"Oh! Ohhhh! Fuuuuck!" she shouted. "Y-Y-Yesssss!"

Tommy made sure to get her cries of ecstasy on film. Mark and Rex anxiously awaited their turn. They had taken their pants off and stroked their dicks slowly while watching Ian fuck Alicia.

With each thrust, the boys could hear Ian's dick making a slushing noise inside Alicia.

"She is wet, ain't she, Ian?" Rex asked, licking his lips.

"Fuck...yes she is! This bitch wants it! She wants four guys to run a train on her cunt. She's getting...unnnghh...turned on by it. Getting used by men is what this whore lives for....unnnghhh!" Ian replied.

"I don't know how he's doing it. I would have already busted inside her if it were my turn," Rex laughed. "He's lasting longer than I thought he would."

Alicia was breathing heavy and panting. She felt like she had given up all of her inhibitions. She was surrendering her body to Tommy and whoever he saw fit. Her sweat picked up the dust on the couch and clung to her body. She looked filthy, but her appearance was of no concern to her.

Before she knew it, Ian smacked her on the ass and tagged in Rex.

"Alright, about time. You ready for this, bitch?" Rex teased.

Alicia looked behind her, biting her bottom lip, nodded her head and softly said, "Yes."

Rex pressed himself inside of her pussy – moaning as he entered. Her soft, wet hole felt incredible around his stiff cock.

"Babe, how's it feel to be filmed fucking my friends?" Tommy asked, pointing the lens directly at her face.

She knew that Tommy wanted to give her something good for the camera. As she was being fucked by Rex, she thought of what she might say. The look on her face told everyone in the room, including whoever watched this scene, that she was loving every second of it. She didn't even need to respond verbally to Tommy's question – but she wanted to.

"I....unngghh....I love it....I'm your whore, Tommy. I love fucking your friends....they can....use me...whenever they want. My pussy...belongs to you," she cooed.

"That's right, ladies and gentlemen, she's mine. I own all of this. That cute, innocent face; those big, bouncy tits; that plump, juicy ass; and that pretty little pussy. It's all mine and I tell her who to fuck and she does. Ain't that right, babe?" Tommy asked.

"Uh huh...I'll...fuck...whoever you want," she answered.

"Let's see," Tommy began to think aloud. "Peter...me and the twelve other guys at the bar...Rolan...my ten friends...Uncle Otis...and now Rex and Ian – that's twenty eight guys in one week. What...a fucking whore," he laughed.

In between panting and moaning, Alicia looked up at Tommy and said, "Th-th-thirty."

Tommy was confused. He didn't know what to think of her correction. Had he got his math wrong? He went over the total in his head and realized there were still two names unaccounted for.

"Who are the other two guys you fucked? Tell me!" he demanded.

She knew Tommy might not like the answer, but she was willing to pay the price. She had given up her entire body and her freedom to Tommy – she didn't care what happened to her.

"T-T-Two guys at...Bargain Mart," she answered.

Rex slapped her ass, leaving a bright pink hand mark on her right cheek. He squeezed it as he continued to pump his cock in and out of her.

"Wait...you fucked two guys at Bargain Mart?"

"Y-Y-Yes....when you were inside...shopping...I let two of the stock boys fuck me...while I waited," she replied.

Mark laughed, while Tommy stood in shock.

"Holy shit dude, she is the biggest slut I've ever seen. Susie Decker, look out!" Mark joked.

Tommy didn't like Mark's joke or Alicia's answer.

"You only fuck who I tell you to fuck. Is that understood, bitch?" Tommy spat.

"Y-Yes, baby, I-I'm sorry," she answered.

"I didn't know she was this big of a slut, guys. This bitch was a shy little geek last week. Turning me down when I asked her out. Now look at her. She can't get enough dick," Tommy laughed.

"Fuck, Tom, her pussy is the best, but none of you are going to want it when I'm done with it," Rex joked.

"Yeah, you're like guy number thirty," Mark said. "I'm still going to fuck her. Not gonna lie. She's the dirtiest chick I've ever seen."

"Let's see how dirty she can get. Rex, you're done man," Tommy said. "I'm tagging you out. I'm going in. Hold the camera."

Alicia looked behind her and saw Tommy approaching.

"Do you want me from behind?" she asked.

"Sit down, spread your legs," he commanded.

Alicia turned around and did as Tommy instructed.

Tommy grabbed a bottle of lube off the entertainment center.

"What are you using that for?" Mark asked. "She's probably already wet enough dude. Look at that hole. You'll fit in. No problem."

"I think you should be punished for fucking those stock boys. Don't you think?"

"Y-Yes. I should be punished. Hurt me, Tommy," Alicia responded.

Rex and Ian were beside themselves. They were shocked to hear her say that. It even surprised Alicia. She had never asked anyone to hurt her before.

Tommy squirted lube all over his right hand. Seeing this, Alicia's eyes widened.

"W-What are you going to do to me?" she asked.

"I'm going to fist-fuck you, bitch. Hold your legs open!" he ordered.

Tommy kneeled down in front of Alicia, who bit her bottom lip. She was both afraid and excited about what was about to happen to her.

Tommy pushed two fingers inside of Alicia's wet pussy. She took a deep breath and let out a soft moan. Mark, Ian, and Rex watched with morbid fascination. They moved toward them to get a closer look.

Alicia saw Ian and Rex on her left and Mark on her right. She had an audience to her degredation.

"Here it comes, slut," Tommy spat.

He pushed four fingers inside this time. He moved them in and out with ease. Then he curled his hand and pressed it outside of her pussy. Alicia began breathing heavy as she prepared herself to take Tommy's hand inside her.

After a quick push, Tommy's hand was now completely inside of Alicia's sopping wet snatch.

"Holy shit! He did it!" Mark cheered. "She's getting fisted!"

Rex pointed the camera at Alicia's pussy, which was now invaded by Tommy's entire right hand. Alicia looked down and could barely believe it herself.

"Oh baby, I feel....so full...your hand feels so good inside me," she cooed.

Tommy began to pump his fist back and forth. Alicia dug her nails into the couch cushions and braced herself. She could feel Tommy making fists and opening his hand, letting his fingers touch her inner walls.

"Ohhh fuck!" she cried. "Fist me! Jam your fist inside my pussy!"

"You like that, you fucking whore?"

"She's digging it, man!" Mark laughed. He walked over and slapped Alicia's right tit. The smack caused her to squeal. "You're going to wreck her cunt doing that."

"I don't care. She's mine. I can do whatever I want with her," Tommy replied. "Isn't that right?"

"YES! YES! OH YES! I'm yours. I'm your whore, baby. You...can do whatever you want with me. You can hurt me whenever you want. I'll fuck anybody you want me to! Use me! OH FUCK!" she cried.

"I can hurt you anytime I want? I can come up behind you, while you're in the kitchen, throw you against the counter and fuck you?"

"OH MY GOD YES! Please!"

"I can put you on the counter and slam my fist inside your pussy?"

"You can fist me...all the time...if you want! Stretch me out! I'm serious baby, do whatever you want to me!"

Tommy pulled his fist out, which was soaked in a combination of lube and Alicia's pussy juice.

"I'm really stretching her out," Tommy laughed. "I better stop for now or none of us are going to be able to fuck her. Her cunt's going to be too big."

"I have to say, I didn't think she'd be into it this much. Looks I don't have to force her to do anything. She's going to do whatever I tell you to, isn't that right?" Tommy asked. 

Before she could answer, Tommy slapped her across the face.

Alicia bit her bottom lip again and nodded her head – grinning.

"Who's next?" she coored. "I want you guys to fuck me until I pass out."

Tommy pulled his cock out and pointed it in front of Alicia's pussy.

As he pressed himself inside, Mark pulled Ian away from the show.

"Hey, I got an idea," Mark said.

"What's that?"

"Tommy's fisting her gave me an idea," Mark replied, grabbing a few pool balls off a table.

"No way, dude! Are you going to do what I think you're going to do?"

"Fucking right, I am. I'm going to see if she can put a few of these inside her."

"I love it! I can't wait to see that!"

Tommy fucked Alicia faster and faster. He watched as her breasts bounced wildly with each thrust. He reached over and began smacking her tits.

"OHH YES! Fuck me, baby! Fuck me harder!"

Before she could get her wish, Tommy pulled out. Alicia looked up at him – disappointed. She wanted more and Tommy wouldn't give it to her.

"I'm done fucking her cunt. Mark, you want in?" Tommy asked.

"Yeah man, but I'm going to try something," Mark replied. "Watch this."

Mark walked over toward Alicia. Still seated on the dirty couch, she was a filthy mess. She had dirt all over her from being fucked on the old car. Sweat was pouring down her face and all over her body. Out of breath and dying to cum, she looked up at Mark to see what he had in store for her.

He put one of the pool balls in his right hand and knelt in front of her. Alicia was confused. "Is he really going to put that inside me?" she asked herself. She looked at Tommy, who had a sadistic grin on his face.

Mark pushed the first ball into her pussy with little resistance. Alicia was surprised that it's entry hadn't hurt her. A combination of arousal and the stretching she received from Tommy's fist made it a simple task for Mark.

The second ball pushed the first further into her pussy. This ball slipped in and joined the other. The feeling of having the two pool balls in her cunt excited her. She felt completely degraded and was loving every minute of it. She had given control of her body, and possibly her life, to Tommy – who she had only been dating less than a week. A man she was repulsed by before last Friday.

"Check it out guys," Mark laughed. He pulled her pussy open to give the guys a closer look at the pool balls.

Tommy, Ian, and Rex could see the second ball peeking out through her folds.

"Hand me my phone. I'm going to get a picture," Mark said.

Ian gave Mark his phone. Mark pointed it at Alicia's snatch, but moved back to make sure he got her face in the shot.
