 From Marcus' perspective. 

It was a hot spring afternoon and I'd finished work late again. Work always gets busy this time of year so my gym time becomes less frequent. Though working in the construction industry I get plenty of cardio so I maintain my body fairly easily. 

With the hot season well on its way I've already cut my work clothes down to a bare minimum, so today I was wearing just my usual footy shorts. After packing up for the day I head for home. On the way I was going to give Jen a call, but as usual I forgot. I stopped by the store on the way to grab a bottle of wine to go with dinner, remembering that at least.

Getting home I pull into my usual parking space around the back of the house and give our dog a pat on the way up the back steps. I'd seen Sam's car parked on the driveway so I figured the girls would have started drinking without me and be sipping wine on the deck but they weren't there. "Odd," I thought to myself but quickly assumed they must still be inside. I head inside to kick my boots off and grab a beer as I search for my wife and her friend.

As I walk into to the lounge room I'm met with the shock of a lifetime. My wife and Sam kissing each other passionately on our leather 3 seater lounge. I was dumbfounded. Unable to move in awe of what I was witnessing. My wife's perfect body pressed firmly against her friend's, their tongues intertwined. Engrossed in each other as they were, they barely acknowledged my arrival. Jen broke their kiss for just a moment to give me a vacant, "You're late." before returning to kissing Sam. All the while their hands hungrily exploring each other's bodies. I stood there not knowing what to think. Realizing I was slightly upset at the fact my wife is kissing another woman, and surprised that I was more than slightly aroused at the sight.

Jen and I had talked about threesomes earlier in our relationship. I had told her I would love one. But that was so long ago I barely remember the conversation. I had never had one before. Jen had though and I was quite jealous at the time, but that feeling faded long ago. I still couldn't believe my eyes. I had no idea what brought this on. Our anniversary was weeks away so It was unlikely for my benefit, and the wine in the fridge remained unopened so it was even less likely to be a drunken mishap. My thoughts were running a million miles an hour as I watched my wife tug Sam's blue dress from her waist, past her ankles, and throw it carelessly across the room. 

The dress was followed closely by Jen's bra that Sam had just removed to gain access to jen's breasts. Gaining said access she proceeded to take Jen's large, milky white breasts into her mouth, her tongue teasing Jen's nipples intensely causing Jen to throw her head back in bliss from the attention Sam is giving her.

"Surprise," Jen giggles, speaking to me but keeping her attention on Sam.

I couldn't muster a response worth noting, hypnotized as I was by the scene playing out before me. Jen now upright, straddling Sam. Her head back and her hand busy massaging her own bosom as she rode Sam. Pushing down on Sam's abdomen in an attempt to get as much sensation to her erogenous zones as she could. Sam's hands were on Jen's hips, guiding her movements, encouraging her every move.

"You were running late, and I couldn't wait any longer." Jen purrs.

Jen leaned forward again to kiss Sam but their mouths parted all too quickly. Jen moved her lips slowly down Sam's' neck and Sam let out the slightest hint of a moan as Jen's kisses brush the nape of her neck. Jen's lips danced over Sam's perfect tattooed skin, slowly moving downwards. Stopping briefly in places to pay specific attention to the more delicate areas, or to make eye contact for a moment with Sam. Each gazed into one another's eyes, saying more than any words ever could. Sam moved her hands to Jen's auburn hair as Jen's kisses move ever so slowly past Sam's naval and stopping at the edge of Sam's last remaining article of clothing. Without skipping a beat Sam raised her hips to allow Jen to pull her lace boylegs from her body.

As Sam's panties slip off her feet, Jen looked over her shoulder to me and said, almost frustrated, "Are you gonna just stand there or are you gonna come over here and fuck me?"

Without a second passing to wait for a response Sam uses Jen's hair to pull her face and attention back to her lower abdomen. 

"It's my turn, remember?" Sam said firmly. 

Jen smiled up at her, assuring her she knows and continued working her tongue over a tattoo of a rose of whose stem ended millimeters from Sam's honey pot.

I moved towards the tangle of beautiful women, my cock already rock hard. Every inch of my manhood throbbing and raring to taste my wife's sweet nectar. I know I'm not the biggest, not even the biggest my wife has had, but so far I've never had any complaints. My wife bent over in front of me lapping away at the pussy of another sensational woman. I pressed up behind her so she can feel my hardness as I run my hands over her rump, still unable to pry my eyes away from the angels in front of me. I slid my hand down her back and over her perfectly round ass, between her legs, everywhere I could. Even through her cotton underwear I could feel how wet she was, her panties visibly soaked over her folds.. A good indicator of where to keep rubbing, that and the sharp inhale jen made as my hands caressed her mound through her soaked knickers. Jen has always loved the feel of my rough worker's hands on her soft skin, the roughness added more texture, only increasing the pleasure for her. My rough fingers rubbed firmly back and forth rhythmically, not applying pressure in any particular place but over her whole pubic area. Occasionally my forefinger venturing slightly into the crevasse and stimulating Jen's clit for a brief stroke causing her to gyrate her hips.

Jen had started to tongue fuck Sam's pussy rapidly while her hand worked Sams' clitoris. Sam strewn back across the couch, eyes closed, back arched, one hand still in Jen's hair, as if to say 'you're not done till I say you're done' and her other hand kneading her own large breasts.

I was mesmerized by how wet my wife was, even before any direct stimulation. I grabbed the back of her undies and tore them from her body and chucked them aside. Before the tattered remains hit the floor my tongue was already buried deep inside her pussy and I could hear Jen's muffled moans from Sam's snatch. Normally I like to tease her pussy a little more during foreplay but there was neither need nor want for that this time. Jen did not want slow and sensual today, she wanted to be fucked and fucked well. Being this turned on I knew I wouldn't last long, so I had to make it count in any way I could. I kept going down on her, not willing to stop until she'd finished all over my face. I used my tongue as best I could, alternating between long slow strokes up and down the length of her box, to rapid flicking of her clit. Occasionally returning to her opening and pushing my tongue inside as far as I could before dancing it around.

I'm in heaven eating my wife's pussy as she eats her friend's, my pleasure only intensifying by how much they are loving it too.

In the middle of my tongue's acrobatic routine, I get the signal I've been waiting for. Jen sticks her hand between her legs and gently pushes on my lower jaw as if trying to move my head upwards. It's what she does when I'm eating her from behind and she wants me to pay some attention to her tiny little rear entrance. And in eager compliance my tongue starts to dance on and around and inside her again, but not in her pussy. One hand on her ass cheek spreading them apart as to allow the most access and the other, sliding 2 fingers deep inside Jen's tight box.

Sam has climaxed once already but Jen hasn't finished with her just yet and has gotten Sam to turn 180 degrees, her legs now over the back of the lounge and her head just overhanging the edge mere inches from where my mouth is working on Jen giving her a front row view and the opportunity to join me working Jen's pussy.

"Kiss me after she comes on your face," Sam whispers to me with a cheeky smile from between Jen's legs, "I want to taste her again."

I stop briefly to take a peek at what jen was doing when Sam lets out A huge sigh, Jen has pulled out the vibrator I bought her on valentine's day just gone from the crack in the couch I'd assume, sucked on it once and almost forcibly jammed it as far inside Sam as it would go then gently removed it in a manner exactly opposite to how it was inserted. Jen immediately took rubber dick into her mouth smoothly as deep as she could muster without gagging, then returned it back into Sam. Over and over, slowly but firm, Jen forced the phalice into Sam, gently stretching her tight little pussy, and like clockwork, each time the purple shaft entered Sam, it was soon withdrawn sucked and returned again. The tempo increasing slowly with each cycle. I couldn't take my eyes off this. Jen always knew I had a fetish for toy play and this was a show just for me. Sam took up where my tongue left off as I couldn't focus on anything other than what I was watching.

"Fuck your wife while she fucks me Marcus", Sam pleaded, "let me watch you fuck your wife."

I pull my singlet from my body and I know Sam likes what she sees, Jen has told me before that Sam is always checking me out when I'm not paying attention and I guess I kind of like it. I drop my pants and Sam's eyes widen a little as my member springs from the elastic.

"Whatever your wife does to me, you do to her ok?" Sam's muffled pleas come, "she'll fuck me like she wants to be fucked, I want to know if your man enough."

I press up behind Jen, the tip of my dick resting on her opening, impatiently waiting for her cycle on Sam to begin again, but Jen hasn't taken the toy from her mouth and I know she won't until I've entered Sam's. Sam opens her mouth and I slide my cock in slowly. Sam's tongue is sensational, swirling around my shaft in her saliva filled mouth, I almost lost my load right then and there but managed to compose myself. After what seems to be an eternity Jen takes the dildo from her mouth and re inserts it in Sam's wet twat and I follow suit driving my member hard inside Jen until I can't push inside any further. I stay balls deep waiting for Jen to start the painfully slow draw out, but Jen catches Sam and me by surprise when without warning she starts to excitedly pump her rubber dick in and out of Sam hard and fast, a startled moan escaping Sam's lips. I have 1 job and that's to do what Jen does, so I grab her by the hips and attempt to keep the same pace, thrusting the full length of my shaft inside Jen with every stroke withdrawing so no more than the tip was left inside and pushing back inside faster than before, Jen's moans increasing with every motion and I can feel her Kegel muscles tensing around my girth, she was close to climax in seconds due to this extreme level of hornyness, Sam convulsed through her second orgasm allowing Jen to stop and enjoy my work. She was so close, to stop now would be torturous, I just had to get Jen over the line before I did. This became infinitely more difficult for me when Sam had recompiled herself and started licking and playing with my balls, stopping infrequently to talk dirty to Jen and I.

I didn't want it to end yet and with one final stroke Jen exploded into ecstasy and I immediately pulled out and grabbed firmly just below the head of my cock, I didn't know if it would work, but I had heard it is a good technique to prevent premature ejaculation. I think everyone would have been content with what had already gone down but if I could prolong it further, I'm sure things could only get better.

It worked, no explosion of goo, just slight throbbing that settled down fast enough. Jen's look of relief when she turned to see I was still hard told me she also wasn't ready for it to end either. Sam must've known I was attempting to delay myself so instead of grasping for my manhood she buried her face between Jen's legs guiding her through the aftershocks of her orgasm, tasting the juices she had craved since last time they'd played.

After a few short moments of surreal recovery, Jen came to me standing in the same spot I was when I nearly ended the game for myself, I was still in disbelief at how on earth I was blessed with this incredible treat. Jen wrapped her arms around me and kissed me deeply. I could taste Sam in her kiss, the ferocity with which she kissed me telling she didn't want this to end. Her hand running down my chest and feeling for my dick, just to make sure it really wasn't over. Sam joined us, the three of us kissing one another randomly, hands moving and gliding across bare skin, nipples tweaked and tasted, necks bitten, fist fulls of hair grabbed all the while our tongues dancing with each other. The tangle of bodies gradually moving towards the soft rug on the living room floor. I ended up laying on my back, a hard 10 either side of me, still playing and kissing each other. My hand on Jen's waist I coax her to straddle my waist and ride me, one of my favourite positions. Sam must have seen this as an invitation to try my tongue out because she positioned herself on my face, facing towards Jen so that they could continue playing with each other and kissing. 

I don't hesitate at all to grab Sam's perky ass cheeks and plow my tongue deep inside of her before attempting to draw the alphabet with my tongue on her clit while Jen increased her cowgirl pace to a comfortable stride. It's absolutely fucking sensational having my wife sliding up and down my now overly engorged penis while her friend literally rides my face. It seems as though only seconds pass before I'm ready to explode again and Jen must have felt this too. Not wanting it to end, she slowed her pace to barely moving, then stopped halfway down my shaft, waiting for, but hoping not, to feel me blow my load completely inside her. After a slight pause, Jen was sure that I hadn't finished and she slid completely off my shaft and moved forward to help me finish off Sam who had started moving through the preliminary stages of another earth shattering orgasm. Sam leans back slightly on my face allowing my tongue to access all areas and Jen's hands to work their magic on her clit. Sam's thighs almost crush my head as she starts to convulse, screaming in pure delight as she is about to cream all over my face. Jen leans to Sam's ear while her hands rub vigorously and whispers, "come for me baby," and as if on demand, Sam does. Her climax lasts for what feels like minutes, still rocking gently on my face, kissing Jen passionately whilst trying to catch her breath. Sam reclaims herself and slides backwards off my face, deliberately rubbing her fine body and generous breasts in my face until our faces were level, licks my face, kisses me once and whispers thanks.

Jen asks if I'm ok to keep going, kneeling beside me as I lay breathless on the floor.

I tell her I'm not sure I can last much longer and even though I don't want it to end, I was so pent up I needed the release desperately.

Sam retrieves her handbag from the kitchen and informs me she may have something that could benefit us as she empties it out on the couch. A clutter of toys and devices fall out in mess of pink and purple and black silicone. Jen's eyes bulging at the sight of a relatively huge vibrating dick unlike anything she or I had ever seen before. Though similar to her rabbit vibe with the little clit tickler attached, it had an extra shaft for either hole! Jen picks it up and stares at it admiring it in her hands. Sam smiles at her and informs Jen that it's her all time fave, Jen can see why. 

"Here it is", Sam exclaims as she picks up a black silicone cock ring and looks towards me. 

"This is definitely going to sort you out hunni," Sam says, giggling as she slides it over my now semi erect penis. "It will help you keep it erect, not that you seem to need help with that," a slight chuckle in Sam's voice while saying this, "but it also reduces sensation slightly to maybe slow you down."

I'm was willing to try anything once, as long I can make these two amazing women completely satisfied before I finish. Ladies first, wherever possible.

"A good girl shares all her toys,"Jen says as she leans back on the couch, "now I want a turn of Sam's favorite toy while she has a turn on mine." Even though this toy is something I could never imagine seeing my wife use in my wildest dreams, Jen lay there teasing me, rubbing it all over her naked glistening body as Sam straddles over me, her back to me so she can enjoy the show too. Sam reaches down between her legs and moves my ready shaft into position and eases herself onto it. It was an easy fit after Jen had ravished her with a toy half as big as me again just prior and her juices that remain from her mustache ride, but it still felt tight and firm around me. Never before have I been hornier watching my wife then I was at this moment. I often imagined my wife being fucked in both holes at the same time but it has never happened and I've always been uncertain of how I would even suggest it. One of my biggest fantasies being lived out as I watch my wife slide a double penetration toy in and out of both holes simultaneously. When i woke this morning I wouldn't have thought in a million years I'd be watching this, and even less likely my dick would be sliding in and out of another girl's pussy at the same time. Sam was in full control of the pace and I was feeling confident as I could really notice the amount of help the cock ring was giving me.

"Feel those perky tits baby!" Jen shouts from across the room, "do you like my friend's tits?"

"How's her tight pussy on your dick?"

I love it when she talks like this.

"Fuck my man Sam, cum on his dick so I can taste you!" she hurls.

I've never seen her this intense before, it's like a nymphomaniac demon has taken over my wife.

Sam's rhythm intensifies and my hand moves down from her breasts to rub her pussy, I know this gets Jen bucking every time and sure enough it had the same effect on Sam.

Jen moves down to our level and straddles my legs so she can take my shaft in her mouth as soon as Sam dismounts as if to not miss a drop. I want to taste Sam too, so I pull gently on her hips and she willingly positions herself on my face so I can taste her love while Jen deepthroats me savoring the essence and flavors Sam left all over me.

"Shall we let him come now baby?" Jen says to Sam.

"I think we should, but," Sam's response interrupted.

"We'll let him decide," Jen says as she stands up. Jen lead Sam back to the couch and positioned her so she was sitting leaning back as far as she can while her arse barely overhangs the edge with her legs spread wide. Jen then straddled Sam and started kissing her again. The way they were now positioned, I really could take my pick, I got on my knees between their legs and pushed inside Sam's cum drenched box slid out raised myself a little and entered my wife. Alternating between pussies I varied my speeds fast in one slow in the other followed by rough and gentle, I found my stride and was rapidly approaching climax and new I had to decide fast where the money shot was going, my mind was a blur I didn't even know who I was in, last second I plunge hard all the way into Sam. "When is the next time I'll get an open invitation like that?" I think. I had to take it. I came for what seemed like minutes and I knew there was going to be a huge load. I pulled my rapidly faltering staff from Sam and sprawled out on the empty space on the couch, Sam and Jen following suit and snuggling up beside me in a naked sweaty mess of cum drenched bodies.

