 Everything started off as a normal day. I was at work and my wife had the day off so she was at home, most likely cleaning. She frequently texts me while I am at work and I will find ways to sneak off to text her back. Today was one of those days where I was feeling incredibly horny so I was texting her about fantasies we had talked about from time to time. She often fantasized about having me and a group of guys gangbang her, so that was what the conversation was about. We talked about this stuff a lot but I never thought it would actually become a reality.

I got off work and called her to let her know I was on my way home and wanted to see her in her sexiest outfit when I arrived. She kind of giggled on the phone and told me I wouldn't be disappointed when I arrived. The drive home was boring as always and I didn't expect anything out of the ordinary when I got home so I made my normal stops to pick up things we needed for the house. By this time the sexy texting had stopped and it was all back to normal.

As I pulled up to my house I saw there was another car there and assumed one of her friends was over. I always love when she has her hot friends over so I rushed to pull into the garage and get inside. As I walked inside I quickly noticed it wasn't one of her friends that was there. She was sitting at the table with three young, good looking and muscular guys I had never seen before. She quickly got up and began to introduce me to these men.

"Oh honey, you are home! I want you to meet Kevin, James and Chris. I met them at work a few days ago and asked them to come over and meet you." she told me.

"Hey guys, its nice to meet you." I responded.

"Anyone want a beer?" I quickly asked to the young men.

Chris quickly spoke up "Sure, I would love one."

The two others agreed as I walked over to the fridge and grabbed 4 beers out.

My wife seemed to be in a really good mood and said she needed to go upstairs for a few minutes while we all talked. We just sat around drinking our beers talking about what we did. They didn't seem to be the most interesting guys I had ever met. They were all college students and had been friends since high school, so they did just about everything together. They commented about how beautiful my wife was and how lucky of a man I was, to which I responded with a happy smile.

After about 20 minutes of us talking my wife came back downstairs and we all just stared in amazement. My wife is 5'2" with small 32B breasts and weighs 90 pounds. She is extremely petite and sexy beyond belief. She has a tiny waist and wide hips with the most amazing ass I have ever seen. Her long brunette hair had been pulled into a pony tail as she usually wears it to keep it out of her face. She walked past us pretending all eyes weren't on her. She had gone upstairs and changed into one of her roleplay outfits; a plaid school girl uniform with a tiny skirt that barely covered her perfect ass and basically a piece of cloth that went over her tits and tied in the back.

"Would anyone like another beer?" she asked as we were uncontrollably staring at her.

We were all sitting there with the same shocked look on our faces. I could tell they were not in on what she had planned.

"Uh, sure. We could go for another round." I said quickly, snapping out of my daze.

She smiled and opened the fridge to get 4 more beers. She bent over making her skirt slide up her ass and reveal everything underneath. She had no panties on. The three men were still completely dazed watching as my wife gathered the beers.

She walked over to the table and playfully said, "Here are your beers, boys. Enjoy."

This quickly broke the three mens daze as they clearly felt like they had been caught. They looked down at the beers they were handed and opened them trying not to stare at my sexy wife. I was getting aroused at the fact these young men were staring at my wife, likely thinking what they would like to do to her. 

I assumed she would give us the beers and leave the room again, but that was not the case. She pulled out a chair and sat down with us. Kevin looked at me with a semi nervous and scared kind of look. Being the closest to me, he leaned over and whispered in my ear, "I don't want to be rude, but are you alright with this?"

I just looked at him and smiled. I then looked at my wife wondering what she had planned at this point. She gave me a naughty smile and once again stood up. She slid the chair back, turned around and sat on the table, slowly laying down so we could admire her beautiful body.

"Come on boys, lets have a real party," she said as she started rubbing her hands on her body.

I quickly stood up and started to take my belt off. Following suit, James and Chris did the same. Kevin was the most hesitant and was the last to stand up. 

"Oh yes, show me your nice big cocks," my wife moaned, clearly wanting to be fucked.

I am not the most hung guy on earth; I am 7 inches and probably 3.5 inches around. With what was going on it made me wonder how big the other guys were. I pulled my pants and underwear off, then took my shirt off. I was in front of my wife and three other men completely naked with a rock hard cock. James was next to get fully undressed, but Chris and Kevin were only seconds behind. My wife stared wide eyed at the size of their cocks. Kevin had the biggest cock. He was probably 9 inches and really thick. Chris and James both were slightly smaller than Kevin in length, but both appeared to be much thicker. I was simply amazed that my wife was now surrounded by naked men.

I have always wanted to see my tiny wife being fucked by men with big cocks. I actually have kind of an obsession with it. Now, I am standing naked in front of my wife, with three other men that have huge cocks standing ready to penetrate her amazing body.

Without much hesitation she turned onto her stomach and started sucking my cock as she grabbed Kevin and started jerking him off. Chris came around the table and put his cock in her hand so she could jerk him off too. James went behind her and eased her legs open and began to shove his tongue into her tight pussy. She paused for a moment on my cock and let out a moan as his tongue gently slid up and down and into her. She then pulled off my cock and started sucking Chris. I almost came as I watched her take his cock into her mouth.

"I need someone in me!" she exclaimed as she pulled the big dick out of her mouth.

James smiled a little as he stood up and shoved his rock hard meat into my wife. She let out the most sexy moan of ecstasy I have ever heard come out of her as he slowly thrust his cock all the way into her tiny body. He started thrusting into her slowly, but eventually he was pounding into her as she switched to suck Kevin off. I could hear the muffled moans with every thrust.

After a few minutes, James pulled out of her and walked around to take Chris' spot as he went over to start fucking her. He shoved his cock inside her and fucked her as hard as he could. She was switching back and forth between sucking each of our cocks, sometimes putting two of us in her mouth at once.

Suddenly she let go and Chris pulled out of her. She stood up and guided me to the chair. She sat down on my cock facing me with a kinky smile. After a couple up and down motions on my cock she looked at Kevin and motioned for him to fuck her too.

"I want both of you in my pussy," she stated.

Kevin came over and gently pressed his big cock into her pussy along side mine. I could feel my wife cum as he entered her. She arched her back and her eyes rolled back in pleasure as he slowly started thrusting into her. James and Chris took spots at her side so she could suck them. She was enjoying every moment of having two cocks in her pussy. I could tell Kevin was getting close as he pulled out of her and pushed James out of the way so she could suck him. James took his spot and instead of fucking her pussy with me, he spit on her asshole then guided his cock into her. She let out a kind of grunt and moan of pain and pleasure as he buried his cock to the hilt in her ass. She sucked on Kevin and Chris even harder than she had been. It was clear she loved being treated like a little slut.

We were all trying to hold back from blowing our loads. As we got close we would tag someone else in to fuck her. I couldn't take anymore so I had to get up and let Chris take my place in her pussy. She came over and over again as Chris fucked her pussy and James fucked her ass. Once again, she pulled off of our cocks and got down on the floor.

"Shoot your cum all over me. Show me I'm your slut!" she said as she opened her mouth, motioning for us to cum on her.

We started to jerk off in front of her as she closed her eyes and kept her mouth open. I was the first one to explode. She wanted to feel like a little slut, so I wanted to give her that. I got my cock right next to her mouth and started shooting my streams of cum down her throat. To my surprise she actually swallowed it all. Kevin was next to blow his load. He just let loose and shot huge streams of cum all over her face and chest. She was loving it as she rubbed the sticky goo all over her breasts and nipples. Like me, Chris wanted it in her mouth, so as he was about to blow he got real close to her and shot every bit of his load into her mouth. She swallowed his entire load. James just threw his head back and came. He had the biggest load and shot it all over her chest. 

As we were standing around my cum covered wife we all kind of nodded and smiled. We had just gangbanged my sexy wife and completely covered her in cum. 

"I'm exhausted, I'm going to go take a shower," my wife said as she stood up and made her way towards the stairs.

As we all got dressed I thanked the guys for everything and got all of their numbers so we could do it again. We had one last beer and talked about how we have all enjoyed what happened and then I walked them out and they drove away. My wife was still in the shower when I went upstairs. I was so excited about what happened I got in the shower and fucked her again.

As we laid down to go to bed she asked, "Did you like my little surprise?"

"Hell yes I did!" I exclaimed.

"Good. I love being your little slut." she said as she closed her eyes for sleep.

Since that night, we have had many more gangbangs with Kevin, James and Chris. We enjoyed having them so much, sometimes we invite them one at a time for a little casual fun. My wife has let out her inner slut and I absolutely love it.