 Chapter 12 -- Fruitcakes

Nguyet texted me a few weeks later, saying that Thuy had split up with her man. Of course, I asked Nguyet facetiously to see if Thuy was up for a threesome. As it seems to be difficult to transmit humor or irony in messages, Nguyet took the question at face-value and asked Thuy, who, with only little hesitation, agreed that we could do it again. She even suggested meeting at her house. So, overnight, Nguyet and I were in for another ride to and on Thuy.

This time, however, I thought we should have a plan. Yes, last time had been great, but I didn't want to just repeat what we had done. I also believed that we should at least consider getting a hotel room. For a few days, I even toyed with the idea of inviting Quynh or Trinh but decided that four pussies would be too many to feed. It would also have been hard to find a venue for that kind of rumpus, even though I liked the idea.

Thuy said that her mother went to the market every day now to sell fruit, so around midday the coast would be clear. If someone saw us, we'd just say that it's a coworkers' lunch. Now we had to be concerned about the ladies' fertility cycles again, but Nguyet promised to clear that up. In the end, we let her period pass and then agreed to meet the next Friday.

As I barely remembered how to get there, Nguyet and I met for coffee first. She was wearing her simple, signature-black skirt and a green blouse. There wasn't anything new or remarkable today—no stockings, tights, or business attire—but she looked as gorgeous as ever.

"Now, how shall we proceed with Thuy today?" I asked to garner some ideas and to get in the mood.

"If you can only fuck once today, you should do her, come inside her," Nguyet proposed.

I was aware that I needed some time to recuperate, but I thought we ought to be more optimistic. "We could do it right when we get there, and then my dick could recover while we're eating lunch."

"I think eating lunch together could be the foreplay," Nguyet wanted me to consider.

"Okay, fair enough." I had an idea: "Maybe we could get lewd with the food and kinda fuck while we're having lunch?"

"Good one. Let's see what food she has and how the mood is around the table," Nguyet suggested and added: "I can see myself trying fruit with her pussy juice."

"Oh, yes. And what I always like on the bed is when you lick each other's ass and I fuck the one on top from behind. Would you lick Thuy's pussy and ass again?" I asked her.

"You bet I will. She's cute. I also like her tits. I wanna play with them once more," Nguyet reaffirmed.

"Last time," I continued, "I really liked it when you were on your back and Thuy was on her knees on top of you. I saw both pussies and could choose which one to enter. That way, her tits would dangle right above you." I was already envisioning the fun.

"That's almost too many options to consider. Yeah, something different from last time. We'll play it by ear," Nguyet summed it all up.

"Now, what about your new apartment?"

"That project has been postponed for another month, but the mood around my parents' house is a little better now. So, we'll see."

We drove to Thuy's place and she came outside, just like last time. She was wearing a black cotton mini-skirt and a white blouse with some ruffles on the front. I could see her bra already, and her little legs looked just delicious. Thuy was one of the few Vietnamese women who had natural brown hair (instead of black), and she was still wearing it with bangs in a ponytail. She invited us in and said the food would take a little longer today. Nguyet and I sat down in the kitchen and offered to help, but Thuy said that wasn't necessary.

As we had to wait, I thought we could already get the whole thing started. I motioned Thuy to come over and sit on my lap. I smelled her hair and kissed her behind her ear. She giggled and was a little sheepish about it. Nguyet found it cute, though, and I put my hand on Thuy's leg. Gosh, her smooth flesh felt so good. She wasn't as muscular as Nguyet; I let my hand travel up her thigh a little bit but then something on the stove needed attention and she jumped up.

We all carried the food to the living room and set the table. I asked Nguyet if she wanted to sit next to me as I thought she might be jealous, but she preferred to sit across the table, just like last time, so she could watch us better. I sat down on the same big chair again, by myself, with Thuy on my side of the table. We started eating and I was ogling Thuy. The ladies made some small-talk, and Nguyet seemed to be explaining to Thuy what sauce we'd dip our fruit in, but I wasn't sure. Thuy blushed, and then there was a little hiccup in the conversation. Perhaps Nguyet told her how her creampie-photo had been discovered.

When we were done, Thuy got up and went to the kitchen to get the fruit. She placed a plate with mango slices and rambutan on the table and put the bowls and plates together to carry them back to the kitchen. She disappeared one more time to carry some food away and put it in the fridge. Nguyet asked me to relinquish my loveseat so that she could get Thuy started. I sat down across the table to be able to watch the two ladies. When Thuy came back, Nguyet motioned her over to sit next to her.

Nguyet took a piece of mango and licked it, looking at Thuy. She also put one hand on Thuy's thigh, fairly high up, close to her pussy. She took a bite from her mango now but pretended that it didn't taste all that good. She made a face like there's something missing. Now, Nguyet flipped the seam of Thuy's skirt back, exposing her light green panties. Nguyet put one leg up on the seat and turned towards Thuy. Now, her right foot was touching Thuy's butt in the back. From where she was sitting, Thuy must have been able to see Nguyet's panties (if she was wearing any).

Nguyet took another small bite off her slice of mango, which was in her right hand, and started rubbing Thuy's pussy through her panties with her left. Thuy seemed a trifle surprised—it didn't look like they had discussed the matter before—but she smiled as she knew she could completely trust us. Nguyet tweaked and pinched Thuy's pussy a bit and held the fruit in front of Thuy's face. Thuy didn't seem to get the hint, though. Now, Nguyet was licking her lips and tapping Thuy's underwear with the piece of mango. This whole scene was just awesome and, obviously, fun to watch.

As Thuy reached inside the seam of her panties, near her pussy, Nguyet shook her head and motioned Thuy to just take them off. This wasn't a child's birthday party. Thuy blushed, but obliged. Her skirt had fallen back in her lap and was now blocking the view, though, so Nguyet put it back up on Thuy's belly. Now, the whole glory of her pussy area was exposed, shining brightly. Now, Nguyet rubbed her piece of mango in Thuy's pussy and ate it in one bite. She may have exaggerated the pleasure she was getting from it, but her face looked like it was the best thing ever. She took another piece from the plate on the table and did the same—with stunned Thuy looking with pouting lips at the plate, Nguyet's hand, her own pussy, the fruit, and Nguyet's mouth.

Nguyet was still exposing her panties to Thuy but she didn't seem to take the hint. Nguyet now peeled a rambutan, rubbed it in Thuy's pussy juice, and passed it on to me across the table. It was delicious, and I tried to make a face showing it. Now, Thuy seemed to understand what we're playing, as she spread her legs a little more and smiled, waiting for Nguyet to dip more fruit in her juice. I told Nguyet to, perhaps, fondle Thuy's tits a little so that her body wouldn't stop producing nectar.

I took a piece of fruit with no juice and handed it to Thuy, motioning her to dip it in Nguyet's pussy and try it. She had licked her pussy before so that concept should have been familiar to her. Thuy smiled at Nguyet, asking for permission. Nguyet, of course, had just been waiting for that move and took off her panties—which seemed to be the red ones from our very first date. Good Lord, all those memories were coming back now.

But, anyway, what was going on right now across the table was endearing. The two ladies were feeding me fruit that they had dipped into their respective pussies. Every other piece they ate themselves, and the plate was already almost empty. I told Nguyet to snap Thuy's bra open, so she could fondle her boobs properly. Without her bra and shirt, Thuy wanted to see and touch Nguyet's breasts, too, so Nguyet took off her shirt and bra. All the ladies were wearing now were their skirts.

Before the last pieces of fruit would be gone, however, I decided to quietly compare how their pussies tasted. I asked Thuy for one piece dipped between her lips, which I relished, trying to remember all the facets of the taste. It seemed more acidic than Nguyet's juice, with a hint of metal. I rinsed my mouth with water, just like at a fancy wine tasting, and now received a morsel that Nguyet had dunked in her treasure. It was glistening and—what shall I say—it tasted rounder, more complex but also more balanced, and had more finesse.

To round off our little party, Nguyet let a peeled rambutan completely disappear in her pussy and looked at Thuy and me. Then she looked down her own body again and pressed it back out to the great amusement of Thuy. She offered the fruit to both of us but when we couldn't decide, Nguyet ate it herself and grinned. Thuy reached for Nguyet's pussy and started diddling her lips, while Nguyet took one of Thuy's nipples in her mouth.

As the two of them were pretty much naked, I felt compelled to take my clothes off as well. Thuy's tits looked enticing. Nguyet made room over there to allow Thuy to suck my dick. I wanted to fondle her boobs in return. I loved her coarse, brown big nipples and the heaviness of her tits. They were like potatoes. After looking at my cock for a minute and stroking it, Thuy took it in her mouth, while Nguyet procured one last piece of fruit from somewhere and fed it to me. I believe it had been in her pussy for a while, as I remembered the plate being empty. I only took a bite, so she lubricated it again. As she was handing it back to me, the sticky juice formed a thread from her pussy almost to my mouth. Apparently, there was plenty of nectar to go around this afternoon.

It was time to move to the bedroom, and we assumed our positions. As Thuy seemed to want to suck me further, I told Nguyet to get on her back and under Thuy's body, so that the latter, on her knees on the bed, could suck me standing next to the bed. As Nguyet moved in headfirst to fondle Thuy's tits, I could see her face down on the bed past my dick, below Thuy's pussy. She was sucking artfully; she probably had gotten some practice with the dude she had been dating. This was much better than last time.

Thuy would have sucked me fully til the finale, but I didn't want to waste two wet, non-ovulating pussies in the room. So, I motioned Thuy to turn away from me and present her ass. Nguyet had still access to Thuy's tits and could me watch ramming in. Nguyet actually reached up and positioned my dick where she thought it should be. After my glans had separated Thuy's lips, I thrusted in, and both of them shrieked.

As I was thrusting away, fucking Thuy from behind, I reached down to fondle Nguyet. We all were panting, but I wasn't convinced I could fuck twice today. Now, the question was, who to pick? Nguyet and I had done it many times, but I also knew how much she wanted it. And, last time, Thuy had already gotten her creampie (I was wondering if anyone had seen the photo?). Anyway, as it was more Nguyet's turn, I pushed Thuy away gently and quickly arranged Nguyet in the middle of the bed. Thuy looked back bedazzled but seemed to accept that I wanted to fuck her coworker, my lady friend, now. Thuy lowered her ass onto Nguyet's face and that was what I saw when I came.

After I had splashed my cum inside Nguyet, I dismounted and reached for a pillow to lie down in the middle of the bed with the ladies on either side. There were no tears this time, just subsiding panting and general cheerful exhaustion. I asked Nguyet if Thuy regretted not getting fucked today, but she said it wasn't a problem. Next time. I fondled Thuy's tits once more and also her pussy. My dick remained pretty limp, though, during the whole time.

The room looked a mess, but after we had put our clothes back on and cleaned up a little, you couldn't really tell what had been going on. I asked Nguyet if Thuy's creampie picture had also been exposed, but she only said "No, she deleted it shortly after it had been taken. I asked her about that over lunch."

I was sure this wasn't our last time together. Getting lewd with the food was fun, and now that Thuy didn't have a suitor, she would probably be up for some ribaldry again soon.