 Shawn waited as the bellboy carried the luggage into the room and tipped him before closing the door. His wife Holly was already busy on the phone. Holly was the organizer of the event and needed to make sure that all of the arrangements were settled. It was a five star hotel and Shawn was looking forward to the next few days. He planned on relaxing in the sauna and enjoying the pool. Shawn often accompanied Holly on her business trips both getting some relaxation as well as keeping her company.

Holly was making the rounds and Shawn could tell that she was far from happy. He was able to glean a little from her conversation and it seemed like the hotel had oversold the rooms. After a few minutes of heated conversation she hung up the phone with a huff.

"I can't believe they overbooked." Holly fumed.

"Were you able to get everything straightened out?" I asked.

"Yeah, for the most part. We're one room short. I gave Gina's room to one of our speakers. I hope you don't mind but Gina will have to stay in our room. It's going to cut out on any nighttime fun but there isn't anything I can do about it." She explained.

It wasn't the best thing but it wasn't too bad. Shawn figured that Gina wouldn't be in the room all of the time so they would still have some time to them selves. Beside, Gina wasn't bad looking so he was interested to see what she would be wearing to bed each night.

"I understand. It's not a big deal." Shawn replied.

"Good. I've arranged for the hotel to bring up a rollaway bed and I've left a message for Gina at the front desk." Holly explained.

Shawn knew that Holly was not very found of Gina. They worked together in the same office but something about the woman rubbed Holly the wrong way. Holly kept things on a professional level with Gina and sharing a room with her was far from something that Holly preferred.

Holly needed to tour the facilities so Shawn decided to take a walk around and explore. Shawn stopped by one of the hotel bars to grab a drink and a quick snack. When he was done he decided to head back to the room. He passed the front desk and ran across Gina who had just been informed of her room change. 

"Hey Shawn, do you have your room key?" Holly called out to him.

Shawn walked over to her and reached in his pocket for the room key. "Yeah I have one. I was just heading back to the room."

"Good. They don't give more than two keys per room and they wouldn't make an exception." Gina said as she struggled to get a hold of her bags.

Shawn grabbed the largest of her bags and waved off the bellboy. "I'll help you carry this stuff up. Holly has already gone to check on the facilities so she should be back soon." Shawn told her as they headed toward the room.

Shawn let her into the elevator first and couldn't help but get a good look at her. Gina had an average build but a more than average ass. She had complained about losing weight to Holly before but Shawn didn't see where her problem was. She was dressed in a knee length gray skirt with matching panty hose and blouse. The heels of her shoes were not too high, but they caused her legs to look longer and her ass to shake as she walked.

Shawn watched as her ample ass rolled underneath her skirt and was tempted to reach out and grab it. He resisted the temptation but figured that there was no harm in looking.

Shawn was almost disappointed when they finally reached the room and his free show was over. Shawn left Gina to unpack her luggage while he leafed through the hotel travel guide. He found quite a few interesting places to go and had began to mark the pages when Gina let out a loud curse from the closet.

"Everything all right?" He asked.

Gina stepped around the corner with a frown on her face. She had a long tear running down one leg of her pantyhose.

"I just bought these hose and they get snagged on the closet door. I should ask the hotel to reimburse me." She growled.

"Were they that expensive?"

"No. They were actually pretty cheap, but it's the principal." 

Gina returned to her luggage while Shawn continued to read. She soon came back into the room. "Did Holly bring any extra hose? I must have forgotten to pack my other pairs and I don't want to be without any." Gina asked.

"I'm pretty sure she did but I'm not sure. She put some of her things in the top dresser drawer let me check." Shawn said. He looked through the drawer and found a pair of pantyhose but was doubtful that they would fit Gina. Holly's pantyhose usually fit her perfectly and where Gina was near her height, her rear was quite larger.

"I'm not sure if you guys wear the same size but she has a few pair in here." Shawn called out while his head was still in the drawer. "Hmm...I might have to do a little work on them. I'll buy Holly a new pair as soon as I can get to the hotel store. It was closed when I came in otherwise I would have went down and bought myself a new pair." Gina said. Shawn looked up to find her standing next to him.

Gina took the hose and laid them on the bed while Shawn returned to his chair. Shawn was wondering if she planned on changing in front of him and wasn't going to shy away if she wasn't. He pretended to look through the tourist guide, but kept a watchful eye on what she was doing. Gina unpacked the rest of her clothing before heading over to the phone and making a few phone calls. She paced back and forth while talking and Shawn was treated to seeing her ass bounce in front of him and the skin showing through the rip in her pantyhose. When Gina took a minute to sit down Shawn could see that the rip traveled from her knee and disappeared under her skirt.

Gina stood and continued to pace but soon finished her call. She dropped the phone on the floor when trying to return it to its cradle and bent over at the waist to retrieve it. Shawn's cock jumped from what he saw. Gina was less than a foot away and he could see everything under her skirt. The rip in the hose must have traveled all of the way to the waist as her cunt was barely covered by a few thin strands of nylon. Gina was warm from her trip and he could smell the musky odor of her cunt. 

Shawn stared unabashedly Gina to the point that he was unaware how much time he had watched her.

"Was that a good enough view?" Gina asked him. She was still bent over but she had stopped all pretense of picking up the phone.

"Huh?" Shawn responded after being jolted to reality.

"Did you say something Gina? I must have dozed off." Shawn lied.

Gina stood up and faced him with a smile on her face. "Don't give me that. You've been scooping me out since the elevator and I know you were just looking at my cunt. I could feel your breath on my ass." She said.

Shawn didn't have much to say and in a split second contemplated leaving the room. Gina stopped him by quickly swinging one of her legs over his lap. She swiveled her hips forward and thrust her pussy into his face.

"Come on and have a taste. There's no harm in that, and I'll never tell." Gina encouraged him.

Gina didn't give him a chance to decide. She pulled the rip of the hose and widened it, totally exposing her cunt. She slid her other hand into his hair and pulled his head forward. Shawn's mouth touched her cunt and he found that she was already warm and sticky. She was shaved clean except for a small patch of black hair that sat atop her pussy. The quick pressure that Gina applied, forced her lips to cover his and Shawn had his first taste of her cunt.

Shawn parted his lips and thrust his tongue into her, coating it in her thick cream. There was a flash of guilt in his mind but it was quickly overridden by Gina's creamy flesh. The pressure on his head increased and he knew that Gina was close to climaxing. He licked as best as he could but Gina had taken control and was guiding his mouth to where she wanted. She soon began to shake and a heavy flow of girl juice filled Shawn's mouth as she came. 

Gina pulled away and then maneuvered herself onto the chair. She moved so fast that Shawn had no time to protest. Gina stood on the chair, with her feet on each side of Shawn's lap. She was facing away him and she wiggled her ass from side to side. After a few shakes, she bent down, grabbed the arms of the chair and thrust her ass back into his face.

Shawn was trapped by her ass and wasn't complaining. He started licking her still oozing cunt but Gina had other plans. She tilted her hips and his tongue brushed against the rosebud of her ass. It was apparent that it was what Gina wanted because she pressed her ass backward against his tongue. Shawn began to wiggle his tongue into her tight hole and was soon pushing it in as deep as it would go. 

Shawn felt his buckle being undone and soon his pants were unzipped. His cock was aching and he was past the point of caring what was going on. He would have to work everything out later. His hips bucked as Gina plunged her mouth down over his cock. She swallowed it to the root before coming back up. Gina sucked his cock just the way he liked it and Shawn was in the twilight zone. His mouth was firmly rooted in her ass and Gina knew how to use it. She flexed her muscles, causing her ass cheeks to grip his face like a glove and Shawn was amazed at her control. He was even more astounded at the control she had over her asshole. Gina pushed and expanded her muscles, sucking more of his tongue in. Her ass muscle pulled on his tongue as if it were hungry and had a life of it's own.

"Come on and suck my ass baby. Get that tongue all the way up my ass." Gina growled. Meanwhile, her sucking action increased and Shawn felt his cock lodge in the back of her throat. The suction was intense and his stomach began to heavy. He gripped the arms of the chair like a man being tortured. His hips bucked upward as he cock began to spurt. He barely heard the gasp as Gina ripped his cock from her mouth and vigorously jerked him off. Shot after shot raced up his shaft until he was finally spent.

"That was some fucking load." Gina told him as he calmed down. His body felt limp, but his tongue was still lodged deep in her ass.

It was with a weary mind that Shawn began to realize what had happened. He hadn't fucked Gina, but this was close enough, and he was going to be in deep trouble with Holly. It was something that had never happened before and he didn't want to contemplate the outcome. Shawn's mind was racing a mile a minute, and then something dawned on him. How was Gina stroking his cock and staying balanced on the chair? Moreover, how was she saying those dirty things to him with his cock in her mouth? His answer came before he asked the question.

"So was that ass as good as you hoped?" Came Holly's voice. From the sound of her voice, he could tell that she was kneeling between his legs, and it was her that had given him such a good blowjob. 

"Oh, I don't think he can answer yet." Gina said with a giggle. She pulled away and Shawn's tongue slid reluctantly from her slippery ass. Gina climbed off the chair and Shawn was able to see Holly. She was sitting on the floor where he pictured her with a big grin across her face.

"So this was a set up huh?" Shawn asked, not being able to hide a grin.

"Yes it was, and you fell for it." Holly told him.

"I figure that you'll have a lot of time on your hands while I'm at work and you can help me unwind in the evening. I originally was telling Gina that I was going to make you pay me back for this mini-vacation every evening. She was so interested in the idea that I figured I'd invite her along for the ride. Not to mention how I see your eye trailing down to her ass every time you see her."

"I've tried telling people time and again that women only use men as their playthings, but no one believes me." Shawn replied with mock seriousness. "But I am a man and I don't shirk my responsibilities. If you ladies require my services I will be happy to provide them.

"Damn right you will. It's my reputation on the line. I've told Gina how good you are and you better live up to my expectations." 

"You better believe it. I'm glad you like my ass because I love having it played with and it loves lots of attention. You better make sure that you get enough rest during the day because both Holly and I are going to need lots of attention every night." Gina added.

Gina quickly changed her torn pantyhose and fixed her makeup. After Holly had done the same they headed down for a meeting with the hotel staff. Shawn had planned on taking Holly out to dinner after the meeting but it looked like he would be busy instead. Holly and Gina picked items from the room service menu which he would order before they returned. Both women tossed their soiled pantyhose at him as they left the room. Gina's was ripped and damp with her sweat while Holly's was drenched with her cream. The center pad was soaked and sticky and Shawn couldn't help but run his tongue over the wet fabric.

Shawn pulled himself together and changed into some shorts and a t-shirt. He headed down to the gym and sauna, knowing that he would need to be in top form to survive this vacation.