 This is a sequel to my story “Beach Holiday”. If you have already read Beach Holiday, you can skip the prologue and go straight to Chapter One. If you haven’t read it, why not now? Even better, read it and vote on it.

Cbrmale

PROLOGUE

Julie decides to make her move. She grabs some tissues and wipes Susan’s face. She puts her hand on Susan’s chin, turns her head, leans forward and kisses her: sucking Susan’s lips into hers. Susan pulls back startled. Julie whispers into her ear “Relax, you’ve missed out. It’s your turn now”.

Susan is confused. Julies brown skin is attractive, and she is in good shape. But kissing a girl? This wasn’t part of her plan. Susan feels Julie’s arms circling her waist, drawing them closer. She looks into Julie’s eyes and sees the gentleness and kindness. Susan allows herself to be drawn closer. Again Julie kisses, her tongue feeling it’s way through Susan’s lips. Susan does not resist this time, instead opening her mouth to allow Julie to explore inside. Julie immediately searches for Susan’s tongue, wetness against wetness. Julie tightens her grip on Susan’s waist, holding her close, willing Susan to relax and allow her to explore.

Again Julie whispers in Susan’s ear, “Relax and lie down. Let me spoil you”.

Susan lies down. Julie kisses her. Her breasts, her nipples, her stomach, her thighs, her feet. All over; everywhere except her pussy. Julie has a light touch, much lighter than Steve and her previous boyfriends. Julie gradually works her way down and up each leg before stopping momentarily. Then she dives in, her tongue tracing its way around Susan’s neglected pussy. Licking her pussy lips, tasting her, drinking in her womanhood. Susan watches the side of Julie’s head as she reaches over her, exploring her most intimate and sensitive parts with a touch so outstandingly light.

Julie starts to feel Susan’s arousal slowly building. A more direct approach is needed. She replaces her tongue with two fingers; rubbing Susan’s clit the way she likes her own to be rubbed. Susan immediately feels the difference. The firmness of it. Susan moves her hips around in a circle. Julie changes her rubbing to a circular stroke, glancing at Susan’s clit each time. Susan feels it building, but she needs it harder still. Susan raises her hips and Julie responds, pressing a little harder. Susan feels the sensations building. God, it has been so long. She needs to come.

She rolls onto her side, pushes her legs forward from her body and squeezes her thighs together, trapping Julie’s hand hard against her pussy. Susan squeezes hard as Julie keeps on rubbing that firm regular stroke. Oh God, I am going to come. She feels it, the building sensations. Julie keeps it up, rubbing the same way. Suddenly Susan whimpers and relaxes the pressure on Julie’s hand. Julie pulls her hand away. Susan pulls her legs back under her and just lies there. Too spent to do anything.

Everyone in the room looks at Susan, rolled up in a ball. Julie is overcome. She runs kisses over her sweet little body. From her shoulders to her bottom, down her thigh and back again. After a couple of minutes, Susan comes to, opens her eyes and stretches out with the pleasure of it. She didn’t think it was possible.

Later, Susan ran a bath. Her mind was confused. She was 25; she had been with Steve now for four years. Before that she had two other boyfriends. While she occasionally masturbated herself, never once had she orgasmed with any of them. She thought there was something wrong with her. Now, a stranger, a woman, took her there with such ease. It wasn’t her at all!

Steve noticed her curled up, sitting on the far corner of the couch. Something was on her mind. He didn’t know what. Maybe it was that girl – girl thing. She looked far away. Maybe inviting that couple around so they could watch was not such a good idea after all.

CHAPTER ONE

For the rest of the holiday, Susan felt strangely on edge. A couple of days after getting together with Michael and Julie, she made love with Steve again. She decided to be more assertive; to help him to pleasure her. However, no matter what Susan did, Steve seemed unable or unwilling to satisfy her. Susan suggested he go down on her but after a few minutes he complained of a sore neck. Susan showed him how to rub her the way Julie did, but his touch was too hard and it hurt her more than anything else. 

After they finished sex, Susan went swimming alone. The warm water washed over her body; washing away the tension. Susan picked a spot in the scrub by the beach to pleasure herself. Her mind flashed back to that afternoon when Julie’s touch was just so right. She quickly built up to her peak, but it wasn’t the same as having someone else doing it. Sex wasn’t supposed to be a solo pursuit, it was meant for two.

Lying on the beach, the warm sun caressing her body, Susan’s decision became clear. Her relationship with Steve had never been anything special. Now it was time to move on. They were still on holidays together and it wouldn’t be fair to break up now. She would wait until she got home. She had another weeks leave in Sydney after they returned and she would do it then.

After she got home, the first person she needed to tell was her older sister. Linda was only two years older and Susan felt particularly close to her. She rang Linda and invited her over for coffee.

After some small talk about the holiday, Susan blurted it out. “I’ve decided to leave Steve.”

Linda wasn’t surprised; she always thought Steve was shallow and self-centred. “Have you decided what you are going to do?”

“No, I haven’t got that far yet. It’s not really urgent, it’s just that after four years, the relationship really hasn’t gone anywhere. I don’t think it ever will. And the sex is terrible!” Susan screwed up her face.

Linda asked if she remembered her friend from their school days, Lyn. Of course Susan did, they often hung out together. She even remembers the two of them smuggling Susan into a nightclub when she was only 16.

“Well, Lyn has a two bedroom flat at Bondi. Her current flatmate has just moved out and she is looking for someone to share. Should I call and ask her if you can move in?”

“Oh Linda, would you. That would be perfect.”

Linda called Susan later that afternoon and told her that Lyn would love to have her share. When Steve got home from work that evening, Susan told him that she was moving out tomorrow.

The next day, Susan packed her car with her most important belongings for a drive to Bondi and a new beginning.

CHAPTER TWO

It’s Friday night; Susan admires herself in the mirror while drying after a shower. Not bad, 165cm and 50kg. She needs an outfit for the night. There are never enough clothes. Eventually she settles on short, tight and black. Yes, when you are small; the tighter the better. She puts a lot of effort into the extras. Nail polish for her fingers and toes. Matching lipstick. Black shoes. How she hates those heels; but the effect. Lyn is in the lounge room of the flat as Susan says goodbye heading towards the door. Lyn looks up and is startled; she remembers Susan from so many years ago. Now she is so beautiful, so sophisticated. Lyn feels a pain in her heart but she doesn’t know what it is.

The taxi rank is just around the corner and Susan returns to her favourite haunt from before she met Steve. The nightclub that Linda and Lyn first smuggled her into. She strolls to the bar to order a drink, a white wine. This will be her only drink. She read that alcohol dulls the senses and that’s the last thing she wants tonight.

Sitting on her own, there are two men nearby admiring her. Both are well dressed. One of them glances at her; she acknowledges in that unspoken way. Feeling bold, he makes his across the room. Fortunately no excruciating opening lines. He merely greets her.

“Hello, I’m Mark”

“And I’m Susan”

“Susan, you look lonely here by yourself. You want another drink?”

“Yes, Mineral Water.”

He returns with two Mineral Waters. Susan feels bold.

“Mark, your friend looks lonely, why don’t we invite him to join us?” With that, Susan motions him over.

Mark’s friend introduces himself as Derek.

Mark is a bit concerned about this. Two is company, but three is definitely a crowd. Susan seems to be enjoying the attention of the two men sitting each side of her though. Question is, which one is it going to be?

Mark tries to break the ice. “Do you come here often?”

“Only when I am looking for a special time.”

“What sort of time is that?”

“The sort of time that only a bad girl would enjoy.”

“Are you a bad girl?” 

“I haven’t been, but I think now it is time to be really bad. Mark, Derek, it’s crowded, it’s noisy, lets get out of here.” With that, Susan made her way to the door with both men following. Both men feeling confused.

“Gentlemen, it’s easier to talk out here. Which of you lives where?”

Mark replies “We share a house.”

“In that case, lets go to your shared house.” Susan hails a taxi and Mark gives the address to the driver.

The house is a bit untidy, as one would expect from two men, but not so bad. They had cleared it before they went out, just in case. But they didn’t expect such a sexy and attractive lady back here so quickly. And why both of them? In the lounge, Mark and Derek stand confused. Susan steps up to Mark, wraps her arms around his neck, reaches up and kisses him passionately. Derek looks on. Susan then steps up to Derek, reaches up and kisses him passionately too. She stands back and starts to wriggle out of her tight clothing.

“We need some comfort. Is there a bedroom here?”

They adjourn to a bedroom, Susan now in her underwear and the two men are astounded at her cute little body.

Removing her underwear, Susan promises “the first to make me come can have me.” Susan lies back on the bed, knee up in anticipation.

Mark feels embarrassed to remove his clothing in front of his housemate. But there is a hot babe on his bed and nothing is going to stop him from having her. He quickly strips down and joins her. Derek watches on, feeling even more embarrassed as Mark straddles her legs, leans forward and kisses her. Their tongues touch, dancing and teasing at each other. Mark pulls back and kisses her breasts, so firm and so perfect. Her nipples, her arms, her hands, her thighs. He runs his tongue up and down the soft skin on the inside of her thighs. He knows where he is heading, we wants her pussy. He is going to make her come. He is going to have her. 

Derek decides that two can play this game. He quickly removes his clothing and joins them on the bed. Kneeling beside Susan, he leans forward and kisses her deeply. His tongue traces circles on the inside of her lips while Mark’s tongue is exploring her pussy lips. Her excitement is given away by her wetness. Slowly Mark makes his way up to her clit, standing proud and erect amongst the folds of skin. He circles it with his tongue, running around the hood. Derek and Susan are deep into a lovers kiss, tongue against tongue. At the same time, she can feel the sensations build from Mark’s expert work. The same sensations that Julie brought out in her. This time she knows what to expect. She wraps her arms around Derek’s neck, drawing him closer. Closer and closer for a deeper and deeper kiss. Closer as her excitement builds. Mark is sucking her clit between his lips now. She can feel him stimulating her womanhood with exquisite skill. Mark feels Susan pushing her hips hard into him; he reads the signs and increases the pressure. Susan can feel it building, she gets more and more urgent. Please God, let it happen. She pushes Derek away just before she gasps and comes. 

Oh yes, that was good! Mark deserves his reward now. She spreads her legs as an unspoken invitation for him to enter. But Mark has other ideas. He gently rolls her over. She gets the idea and turns onto her elbows, raising her hips into the air. Mark kneels behind her, admiring the beautiful curves of her bottom. Susan expects to feel his manhood enter her pussy. Instead, she feels something soft and wet in her crack. Making it’s way down to her arsehole. It’s Mark’s tongue! His tongue is licking at her arsehole. Oh, it feels nice. Nobody has ever done that before. It’s so naughty and so nice. At the same time, Derek is gently rubbing her pussy. He feels the wetness. Her lips and her trimmed hair are both absolutely soaked. Susan feels that longing within her, her pussy is telling her that she needs a man insider her. She needs to be filled. Regardless of Mark’s tongue, she needs to be fucked.

Derek is near her. “Derek, I want you in me. Straighten out”. He stretches out on the bed. Susan pulls away from Mark’s tongue, as exquisite as those sensations are, and straddles Derek. She guides him into her. Mark follows her across and resumes on her arsehole; this time with his finger. Susan leans forward to give him room to move; nobody has ever explored her there before and it is so nice. After a few moments, the sensation changes. Mark grabs some lube and prepares two fingers. He slips them in. Susan feels her arsehole expand around them. It burns for a moment and then she feels them move easily inside her. At the same time she can feel Derek in her as well. 

Mark leans forward and speaks. “Your arse is so beautiful. I want to fuck your arse. Is that okay?”

“Nobody has ever done that to me before.”

Mark replies, “I know what I am doing, do you trust me?”

“Yes, I trust you”

He works three fingers inside her now to make sure she is fully relaxed. Then she feels something different. His penis at her back door. She feels it push at her. She stops moving on Derek and leans further forward, she feels Mark enter her.

She whimpers a little Mark's manhood fills her arse. The two cocks inside her at once, make her feel so full as they stretch both her holes to the limit.

When Mark had finally manages to work his shaft all the way inside her, he sets the pace. He pumps in and out of Susan's arse very slow at first. Derek tries to move at the same rate, which gives her more pleasure as the cocks rub against the thin layer of skin that separates her tunnels. She moans with each stroke, loving every moment. It was like nothing she had ever felt before. 

It didn't take her long to start having orgasms. They started small, intensifying as each one rippled through her. The men groan in pleasure as her quivering muscles milked their shafts. The feel of Susan's tight arse wrapped around his shaft was too much for Mark. He had tried to hold back, tried to make the sensations last. But it only took a few minutes until he shot his load deep inside her. The feeling of his pulsing prick inside her pushed her over the edge into an extra large orgasm. Her contracting muscles pulled the come out of Derek. He exploded, filling her pussy with hot come.

Mark slowly pulls out of her, followed by a trickle of his come running down her thigh. She lifts herself off Derek. More come dribbles out of her pussy and lands on Derek’s stomach. There is come everywhere. On her legs, on Derek, on the bed. She needs to get clean. She asks if she can use their shower. They find a towel for her to use.

After cleaning and dressing, she says she must go. It was the most wonderful experience and she will remember it always. She kisses them both. Then she uses her mobile to call a taxi. 

Lyn hears the door open. She glances at the clock. 12:05. She is glad Susan is home and safe. She turns over and slips back to sleep.

CHAPTER THREE

Saturday morning and Lyn has made two cups of coffee. She knocks on Susan’s bedroom door. Susan invites her in. Coffee, just what she needs.

Lyn sat on Susan’s bed and asked her how it went. Susan describes how she went with two men, and each of them fucked her. One in her arse and one in her pussy at the same time. She had orgasm after orgasm. She lost count of them. It was great. She didn’t realise such pleasure was possible.

Lyn is concerned. “Are you sure it’s alright?”

“It was great.”

“Oh, you are such a little girl, I still think I need to protect you.” Even though she is only two years older, Lyn is concerned. “Look, it’s your flat too. Bring any of your boyfriends home any time. I will keep well out of the way.”

“Are you sure?”

“Yes, sure. You go and shower.”

“Okay.

Lyn leaves the mugs in the kitchen and returns to her room. She hears the shower running. She imagines Susan’s slim body under the water. She reaches down and feels her own wetness. She starts to rub. She closes her eyes, imagining Susan’s small body sandwiched between the two men. Two men fucking her at the same time. She imagines the scene, little Susan impaled like that. She rubs herself harder and harder. She squeezes her nipples. The feelings build up. The images of Susan run through her mind. She cries “Oh God Susan” as she comes.

CHAPTER FOUR

Later that night and Susan is readying herself for the club again. She feels more confident as she chooses her clothes. A short leather skirt, black silk blouse and leather vest are on the bed. She chooses a black lacy bra to match. Panties? No, I’m a naughty girl. No panties!

“Bye Lyn” as she heads through the lounge to the door. Lyn looks up and is momentarily mesmerised by what she sees. If she was beautiful yesterday she is perfect today.

Susan catches a taxi from the rank and heads to the same nightclub. She orders her drink, a white wine.

She surveys the room. A man, perhaps 30, catches her eye. He notices and makes his way to her. His name is Tim.

Tim asks “another drink?”

“Mineral water thanks.”

“That’s a good girl.”

“Do you like good girls?”

“Sometimes.”

“Perhaps a mineral water for you too.”

“Okay, perhaps a water for me too.”

They talk. She turns towards him, hoping for him to get a glimpse up her dress. Perhaps he did.

Susan likes him. “Listen, it’s smoky in here, do you want to go somewhere else?”

“Where would you like to go?”

“My place.”

Lyn hears the taxi pull up out front. Quickly she closes her bedroom door. She hears voices in the corridor. Susan and a man. She hears the door on Susan’s room close. She reopens her own door, hoping to catch some of the sounds.

Susan motions Tim to the bed. “Just sit there for the show.” Slowly she removes her vest and throws it on the seat. She pulls her blouse out from her skirt, slowly unbuttoning it. He sees more and more cleavage. She opens it all the way and throws it onto the vest. The bra goes next, fully revealing her pert breasts standing proud. She turns her back to him, unzips the leather skirt and slowly opens it. Slowly he sees her arse cheeks. She turns around and opens it from the front. Slowly he sees the far top of her thighs, then her pussy! God, she is so beautiful! Standing naked except for high heels. Naked for him.

She moves close to him, leans down and kisses him and then unbuttons his shirt. He helps her to get rid of his clothing. Soon he is holding her, her soft petite body against his masculinity. She feels so protected in his arms. He lies back and motions to the bed. She follows his move. 

They lie together; tongues locked together in a kiss. He strokes her nipples gently, her bottom firmly. He kisses the nape of her neck. He runs his hand down her thighs. Such shapely thighs.

He asks, “can I make you come?” She rolls on her back in unspoken invitation. He kisses her thighs, lovingly drinking in her smoothness. He moves to her pussy, just strokes it with his tongue for a moment before he kisses her other thigh. He returns to her pussy, kissing her lips a little longer this time. He feels her wetness. He rolls his tongue and gradually inserts it between her lips. She shivers with the sensation. He feels her arousal, the musky scent. He tastes her juices; so sweet. He drinks them up, the juices of love. He knows she must be getting ready now, so he moves to her clit. He sucks it between his lips, running his tongue over it and then letting it go. Again and again he sucks it, rubs it with his tongue and lets it go. Every time, Susan feels herself get closer and closer. Every time he sucks it, he holds it for longer. He feels her body respond. He knows she is close. He sucks it one last time and holds it, rubbing his tongue over her most sensitive love button. He knows she is ready.
