 Chapter 9 -- The More, the Merrier

Nguyet kept me posted over the next few weeks. Our first time-window had passed; apparently, her mom had not gone anywhere during lunch on all those days. But our elaborate scheme needed some time anyway, perhaps even another month. I didn't want Nguyet to inquire about the menstrual cycles of my coworkers, though. Nguyet knew when would be a good time for her, and, to be safe, we would just diddle, fondle, and play with the two others. Or so I thought.

Another ten days later, Nguyet had some good news, however. Apparently, her mom had decided to play cards with a bunch of other women on Thursdays, which was Nguyet's day off, so now we were aiming for Thursday the following week. A few days before the big day, Quynh, who was the more outgoing one of the two, approached me at work, saying it was nice to know that we would be having lunch together at Nguyet's. I agreed and pretended I was surprised that I had been invited, to which Quynh replied: "But, why? Sure, you haven't seen each other for a while."

Of course, it was kinda crazy to arrange such an afternoon, but if it all worked out, it would be an experience of a lifetime. To pretend not knowing Nguyet well and to seduce her convincingly within an hour in her home in the presence of two other women would be difficult, however. I asked Nguyet if she wanted to rehearse the whole thing a little or at least talk about it over coffee, but she told me she was busy and that we would be fine. "Just remember our first time," she texted me.

Our first time was rather ribald and wild, though. But since I didn't know how Trinh and Quynh would respond, I couldn't play out the whole thing in my mind. Two days before the big event, Nguyet called to tell me some more good news: She had told Quynh, the more adventurous one, that Nguyet and I had already seen each other a few times and that we had kissed and made out. Quynh had been excited about the news and seemed to appreciate it. As she was briefed, I was optimistic that we would get something good going.

On the big day, I arrived early to help Nguyet set up the table. She was busy in the kitchen, wearing an apron over her white simple blouse and black skirt. The two others arrived together when we were almost done with everything. Quynh was sporting a yellow T-Shirt and short denim shorts. I mean really short shorts. She looked hot and lush. Trinh was more conservative; she was wearing a tailored black dress with two stripes of white polka dots, one over her chest and one at the bottom of her dress.

We sat down to eat. All three of them seemed in an upbeat mood. The front door was still half open, but it was quiet. We were switching between Vietnamese and English. The food was very good again, of course. Today, we were all drinking beer, but in moderation. We toasted and I asked myself why we didn't do this more often. I was looking at the ladies' legs across the table; as we were sitting rather low, I could see quite far up Trinh's skirt. She had really long, straight legs. And Quynh was just flaunting her flesh. Both women looked sexy in completely different ways.

When we were done eating, I helped Nguyet to carry things back to the kitchen. After she got back to the living room, she sat down to my right again and I put my hand on hers next to me on the wooden bench. The others noticed but didn't say anything. I started caressing her arm and looking at her longingly. I ended up with my hand on her thigh. There was still no noticeable reaction from the others. They were chatting, and they knew how much I loved her. Maybe they just thought that we finally had a little fling. Nguyet didn't pretend that it bothered her.

To spice things up, I pushed Nguyet's skirt back and started caressing her naked thigh. That didn't go unnoticed. I looked at Trinh and Quynh to check their reaction, and they were surprised to see me do that, but they weren't disapproving. Nguyet held her face close to mine now and I kissed her lips. The two others laughed and clapped. I draped Nguyet's skirt all the way back, so that her legs were left completely exposed, just like Quynh's, and fondled her some more.

The three of them now spoke quite a bit in Vietnamese. It sounded like they made Nguyet tell our story, but then they were also negotiating something. There was some head-shaking and some hand waggling, which is Vietnamese for "We're out (of something)," or "We don't do that." I reached around Nguyet's back while they were talking and put my right hand under her right armpit and then her breast. I pulled her closer and kissed her hair.

"Mr. Ben, you still love her, don't you?" asked Trinh.

"Of course," I replied.

"Your wife knows about this?" Quynh wanted to know.

"Of course not."

Now, Nguyet exercised her authority as the host and said: "We're gonna play a game. If you lose, you need to take off one item of clothing."

"Fine with me," I said truthfully, but Trinh was more skeptical.

"I'm not sure about that," she said. She seemed a trifle upset.

The other two kept encouraging her since the game could only be played if everyone partook. We couldn't let Trinh just watch, but I was sure that Trinh didn't want to leave yet.

"Come on. We've known each other for a long time. It'll be fun," Quynh said. She didn't seem to have any qualms about the whole thing, and I was getting horny.

"I'm only wearing three things," Trinh said now, "while you're wearing four items. It would be unfair."

Apparently, she wasn't completely opposed. I was sure we could take care of the formalities. We looked around and it was true. Nguyet and Quynh were wearing four items, while Trinh and myself only had three to take off.

"Then you take your arms out of your dress and pull it down to your waist if you lose. You'll only take it completely off the next time you lose," Quynh motioned.

"Or Quynh and I take off our bras right now, because then we all are wearing three items," Nguyet suggested. "You are only wearing shorts, pants, and underwear," she added, looking at me.

"But I'd be fine with that," I let them know. "It would be only unfair to Trinh, maybe."

"It would be too many rounds anyway if we had 14 pieces to take off," Nguyet stated and turned away from me, taking off her shirt and bra, and then she put her shirt back on. Quynh, for some reason, just took off her shirt and was sitting there in her yellow bra before the game had even started. We looked at her, but she wasn't gonna do what Nguyet had done. She only said, "Can we start?"

I looked at Nguyet as she was getting the cards from the bookshelf. On her way she closed the door. I was surprised how smooth the transition had been from lunch to lewdness. Nguyet's small breasts showed nicely through the shirt, which she had probably picked specifically for that reason. When she sat back down, I reached around her again and began to play with her nipple.

Quynh had the largest tits of them all, and I was hoping that she would lose first and take off her bra. Although I had an inkling, knowing her, she would probably take off her shorts first. I felt a little sorry for Trinh, since she didn't seem utterly comfortable. When I told Nguyet though, she only whispered: "She'll be fine."

Maybe it was just me but looking around, everyone seemed to have a wanton look on their face, even Trinh. The first to lose was actually Nguyet, who took off her panties. There were some oohs and aahs in the audience, and Nguyet blushed as she put them down between us. I couldn't help it and sniffed them. All of them laughed. Then I lost, but I was probably the most comfortable with taking my clothes off among us. Nowadays, though, Nguyet wasn't far behind. I took off my shorts while my long shirt still covered me. I asked if they had ever seen each other naked, but they all shook their heads. Quynh asked about Nguyet and me, and after looking at each other for a little bit, thinking about lying, we dropped the pretenses and said "Yes."

I guess that wasn't so surprising anymore. Trinh had lost one round and gotten her bra out from underneath her dress, but then Nguyet and I had lost again; she was shirtless now, while I had chosen to let my dick out to be more comfortable. It was still kinda covered, though, by my shirt since it wasn't erect yet. Finally, Quynh lost once, but she took off her shorts and not her bra, as I had predicted. But, fair enough, it was her choice. Her bush showed nicely through her orange panties. No one seemed to bother about Nguyet being shirtless; her breasts were small, and it dawned on me that perhaps the three of them had already seen each other naked.

I wasn't sure when the game would end. When one person was naked? I asked and they said, no, when three were naked and one still had a piece of garment on. I wasn't focusing on the game or on winning, obviously, but on their faces and bodies. I asked if they had had sex or if they had seen a man naked, and they both admitted that they had. Quynh gave the impression that she engaged in sex rather frequently, but only with men she knew she wasn't gonna marry. Most of them were "kinda rude and uneducated."

Trinh only had had two boyfriends and, from what it sounded like, had sex only with one of them a few times several years back. She had lost twice now and was sitting with her dress down to her waist with no panties, holding her knees together. I was wondering why Trinh had already exposed her breasts and removed her bra and panties; perhaps, she had just gotten hot. Her breasts were small for her height but of perfect shape, the size of tomatoes. Quynh had lost her bra by now, and her tits looked not quite as marvelous as they had when they still had some support.

Nguyet was already naked and I was getting an erection. My glans was peeking out from under my shirt now, like some thick worm that wanted to see what the fuss was all about. I lost next and took off my shirt. The ladies cheered when they saw my erect dick, but Trinh hid her lascivious laughter behind her hands. Looking to my right, I admired Nguyet's body and my dick touched my bellybutton. I was super horny, waiting for the game to be over, so that we could go upstairs. Quynh lost her panties but immediately put her feet up onto the chair next to her butt, so that everyone got a good luck of her pussy. Her purple lips had already separated and looked seasoned; 'She ain't no virgin,' I thought to myself.

Nguyet reached for my cock now and started stroking it. We congratulated Trinh to winning the game but asked her to take off her dress. After all, everyone else was naked. Nguyet took the bench on which we were sitting between her legs and my cock in her mouth, which led to some more oohs and aahs from across the table. Now the two ladies removed the table and got their chairs closer. "You have a nice dick, Mr. Ben," Trinh said, still addressing formally as if we were at work. Nguyet let go of my dick and challenged the others to do something with it.

Quynh moved her chair closer and touched my cock. She stroked it and, sure enough, it ended up in her mouth a minute later. My dick was palpitating already, but Trinh hadn't handled it yet. As she was the shyest, I wanted her to get in on the action. I asked her to get up and show off a little bit. Her bush was pitch black but small; the good thing was one could see her lips well, even when she was just standing there. And, yes, they didn't look like they had been used much.

I asked her to turn around and show us her ass. She bent over quite a bit and all three of us were looking at her butt and up her pussy like we were watching TV. It was a sight to behold. There was absolutely no hair; it was more like a painting. Her legs were white, long, slender and completely hairless, too. I reached for her pussy to check how wet it was and decided that she should sit on my dick. She lowered herself after Quynh had gotten out of the way, and I kissed Nguyet quickly so she wouldn't feel neglected. Her nipples were erect too, and I encouraged Quynh to touch her. As the two of them were getting it on, I pulled Trinh down to take my dick in. We fiddled a little, but then she started moving up and down.

As her ass was smacking my belly, I knew I was going to come soon. Trinh was squeaking a little and panting. I looked over to what the others were doing and saw they were twiddling each other's twats and kissing. When I couldn't hold back any longer, I held Trinh's ass firmly down to wait until I was finished inside her. When she got up, cum was dripping out of her pussy, for which Nguyet reached immediately to smear some on Quynh's body. Trinh reached around her butt and got some too, which she smelled and tasted. Quynh put two fingers inside Trinh and pushed and pulled until Trinh told her in a squeaky but hoarse voice to stop. After getting a little cum and juice from Trinh, I fondled Quynh's tits finally and asked her to suck the last drop of cum from my dick, which she did.

Everyone was calming down now, and I started to worry if Trinh was perhaps ovulating today. Nguyet asked on my behalf but things seemed good. She had just had her period the previous weekend. Since we had hit the topic, Quynh's had been the week before, so she was probably not the one who would get any semen in her pussy today. As the frenzy had subsided, we got up, grabbed our clothes and arranged the furniture back. Then we walked upstairs, all naked. Nguyet and I had our arms around each other.

When we got inside Nguyet's bedroom, we unceremoniously settled in a different formation. Trinh and Nguyet went onto the bed, since they hadn't interacted much yet. Nguyet was on top and they were kissing. I encouraged Quynh to lick Nguyet's ass, as it was protruding nicely. I, obviously, needed some time to recover. As Quynh was on her knees on the floor, next to the bed, I sat down on the only chair in the room and rested, enjoying the view.

Nguyet was on top of Trinh, as she was more experienced and would experiment more. Trinh had also just gotten fucked, so she was taking a break and enjoying Nguyet's hands and lips as they were traveling her body. I saw that from time to time, Nguyet wettened her fingers in Trinh pussy. Quynh looked around, and as I was sitting there by myself, she came over. She commented how small my dick looked now and giggled. "Yeah," I said, "we gotta wait a little." As there was only little room on the bed, I asked her to sit on my leg.

"So, when Nguyet invited you to lunch, did you think we'd be having sex like this?" I asked.

"No way, especially since Trinh is here too. She's pretty straight-laced. She didn't wanna play the game. You saw that," Quynh reminded me.

"Yeah, but she seems to be doing fine. She just got fucked. Downstairs, I was afraid the whole thing would fall through. But now it's coming along nicely."

I started caressing her breasts and took one nipple in my mouth. It was stiff, probably still from Nguyet's action downstairs. Her tits were nice and heavy, the size of apples.

"Beautiful tits," I complimented her.

"Yeah, every man likes them," she laughed.

"How come you aren't married yet?" I asked.

"The love of my life ran away with another girl four years ago, and ever since then, all men I meet are boorish and ignorant. We fuck for a while but then I break up with them," she summarized the issue.

"Where do you do it? At your house?" I wanted to know.

"At my house. Or outside. Sometimes also at their house," she answered.

"I gotta ask you this," I continued as I kept fondling her breasts, "have you and Trinh done something like this before?"

"Not with other people, no, but the two of us, yes. But that was a long time ago and she's been embarrassed ever since," she smiled. "At my house, after a lunch with the other girls from work, once, after everyone had left."

I placed my hand between her legs and toyed with her pussy. I spread her lips and went inside with one finger. She was nicely moist, and my dick started to get bigger ever so slightly. She noticed, but we still had a long way to go. She closed her eyes and started moaning with my dick in her hand. I was still sucking her tits. I told her to kneel on the chair so that I could lick her from behind.

I started by spreading some pussy juice over her ass. When I touched her just with my fingertips, she got goosebumps. I love the sight and the smell of any young woman's ass. Quynh was perhaps the least beautiful among the three women in the room, but her body was proportionate, and the way it responded to my caresses made my heart beat faster. Said heart also kept pumping up my dick to a useable volume.

I went to borrow a pillow from the bed, where the two others were still engaged in heavy petting. I checked the action over here: Nguyet was being licked and fingered now, while Trinh's ass was pointing up in the air. I told Quynh to lick Trinh's butthole, while I was licking hers. We were arranged like train cars now, Nguyet, on her back, being the engine. Everyone was aroused, heaving, squirming, wincing, and panting, and I had again the vision of Nguyet's mother—or her dad—opening the door.

Four people would have been enough to form a circle where the train engine would pleasure the last car, like a snake eating its tail. But the bed was too small, and I was still in the process of recovery. I was more watching than actively providing pleasure. And my contributions didn't seem to be necessary right now. Trinh seemed to have Nguyet on the brink of an orgasm, and Quynh was watching them and licking Trinh's butthole. She seemed mesmerized by the intercourse between women; true, none of us had a chance to observe that very often.

I lied down on the edge of the bed and watched and listened to Nguyet's shrieks. Quynh took the opportunity to move on top of me backwards. She stopped her ass close to my face, hungry for more ass-licking and tender motions. I put two fingers inside her and she began moving her ass. More juice came out of her pussy, and she got carried away too. Next to me, Trinh had collapsed onto Nguyet, and they were both out of breath and still somewhere else. When Nguyet finally rolled out from under Trinh, her pussy hair looked soaking wet.

I started thinking about the implications this would have for work. Trinh and Quynh usually worked in the other building now, but would they come and see me in my classroom for a little tender action, once or twice a month? That would certainly spice up my day, but it was also tricky. Or would they be sheepish about the whole thing and pretend it never happened? Trinh, maybe, but Quynh and I would probably make out once in a while from now on.

Nguyet was looking at me longingly, and the two other made room. I moved over and lifted her up on top of me. Trinh and Quynh were looking at us, expecting our finale here this afternoon. Our two new friends anticipated me to fuck Nguyet, but I wasn't sure if I was ready for it. My refractory period was longer than most men's their age, and they knew it. It looked like there was going to be a little break before the final round.

"Phew, this is exhausting," I started the conversation.

"But it's awesome," everyone seemed to be saying.

"You still haven't really been inside me," Nguyet reminded me.

"Since when have you been doing this?" Quynh wanted to know.

"Last August. About eight or nine months now," I answered honestly. After fucking together like that, I thought it silly to lie or keep up any pretenses.

"Wow," Trinh said. "And how often do you see each other?"

"Once a month or so," Nguyet told her.

"Do you always do it here at the house?" they wanted to know.

"No, sometimes we go to a hotel," I told them.

As frank as I can be, I didn't want to divulge everything, so I started fondling Nguyet. My dick was pretty stiff, and I told Trinh to satisfy Quynh, while Nguyet and I were getting it on. I didn't want them to just sit there and watch us.
