 Chapter One

When I met my wife, Susan, she was a sweet, toe headed girl who seems entirely too nice to be in the bar that I frequented with a group of buddies, we were all there for one reason, get laid. I had gone up to speak with her for just one reason, she just seemed out of place. Out of all the freaks and sluts, I'd met there; she was a shining star in the middle of a dark day, a beacon of innocence. But, she wasn't built like it: blonde, big, D cup boobs and an ass that made Sir Mix A Lot sing a song about it, baby had some back. I'm surprised that she even spoke with me, she was perfect and I was just an average looking guy, there wasn't a damn thing special about me. I wasn't even out of the ordinary below the belt, just about average, maybe a little thicker, but still... average. She told me, "Ryan, one of the things that attracted me to you is that you aren't hairy. If you had a back rug, that would've been a deal breaker right there." She hated hairy guys for some reason. I guess that was a plus - in my favor!

I spoke with her on the phone for a while before I saw her again, and she admitted to being shy and was brought up in a religious household. But, I had a feeling there was a real naughty streak running through her. And I found out about it the next time we met. We ended up fucking in a parking lot on our first date. She had the cutest little pink nipples on those huge breasts and a pussy and asshole to match. I knew this was the one for me. I just needed to get her out of her shell. I married her a few months later.

I kept seeing glimpses of naughtiness peek out here and there, but hardly ever in the bedroom. It was like I hadn't found the right button to push. About ten years into our marriage, I walked in on her masturbating on the bed. She didn't see or hear me; she was too wrapped up in what she was doing. She was going to town on that sweet little, pink pussy with a vibrator I'd purchased for her a while back to spice things up in the bed room. I silently watched through a crack in the door, rubbing my cock through my pants, all while she groaned and rubbed her pussy with the vibrator in one hand and pinched a nipple with the other. I saw a paperback book lying on the bed face down. I knew that I had to find that book again and figure out what set her off.

I found a dog-eared passage in the same book later that week. It was about a threesome, two men and a woman that they were taking turns with, just fucking the hell out of her and treating her like a complete slut. It was at that moment that I knew what buttons I needed to push and planned on taking the appropriate actions.

The next time we had sex, I started doing a little pillow talk, something I hadn't done that often. "Susan, I was thinking about heading over to the toy store and buying a dildo, you think you might be interested in something like that?"

"I think I might be able to use something like that, you going to use it on me?" I saw a wry grin on her face and took that as a yes. I bought a realistic one that felt real and was just a little longer than myself, but not nearly as thick. When I showed it to her, she seemed pleased. "What do you have in mind with that big thing?" I wouldn't elaborate on how I was going to use it on her; I just maintained the silent treatment.

Subsequent love making sessions were much more interesting, with the spare "dick." I even got her to agree to going to an adult motel, the kind with the round waterbed and the porn playing on all channels. She would ride my cock like a cowgirl, where she could face the TV and see the other couples on it fucking. I think she liked to watch, too! When she was flipping through channels, she would always pause on the amateurs, anything with more people than just a couple, and bi-sexual encounters. I could see the interest in her face, but she would stop on the straight sex pornos.

But, she would never agree to any one fantasy straight out. I would tie her up and do a little mock S&M with her, trying to get a submission from her by telling me something that turns her on. She would always revert to the, "it turns me on when I suck your cock" or "it turns me on when you fuck me really hard." Kind of non-answers, I knew that she wasn't opening up. So, that left me with what I knew, she likes the idea of multiple cocks, amateur porn, and bi-sexual stuff.

I had always known that alcohol loosened her up a bit and one night; I decided to use that to my advantage. I tied her up and blindfolded her in hopes of getting her to do something I knew she'd never do otherwise. With her tied up, I pushed my cock down on her, making her suck it and with the other hand, I forced the dildo into her tight little pussy. She would moan slightly and get very wet when I was sliding the fake me in and out of her. I untied her and flipped her over, she started to motion to remove the mask, but I stopped her. With her flipped over, I pushed my cock into her tight little pink pussy and make her moan. I grabbed the dildo and asked her if she'd like "George" to fuck her pussy, too. She motioned her head up and down and kind and mumbled, "Mmmmhmmm." Then I slid the dildo into her pussy at the same time as my cock. I thought she was going to lose her mind!

She started pushing back on both my cock and the extra dick like her life had depended on it and let out a moan that I was afraid was going to wake the up kids! She slowed down a bit after that and I noticed how wet she was from the experience. I took the rubber cock and slowly circled her pink butt hole with it and she started to grind her hips around, I knew she was receptive to the idea. I slowly pushed my finger into her tight little hole and I could tell she wanted more. Two fingers. Then three. I wasn't sure I wanted to try putting my cock in there, she might not let me and I was nearly ready to cum as it was. I picked the dildo back up and put the head of it on her tight little puckering asshole. To my surprise, she pushed back into it! The dildo didn't slip right in, but paused a little and then slid in past the head of it. Before too long, I was fucking her ass from behind with the dildo using long, powerful strokes. I slid my cock into her pussy and I fucked her pussy with my cock and her ass with the dildo for about 5 or 10 minutes before I couldn't take it any longer and filled her pussy up with what seemed like gallons of hot, sticky cum.

After that, it would just take a little alcohol before she would let me fuck her ass with the dildo. She wouldn't do it totally sober and she would never let my cock in her asshole, just the dildo. She kept telling me I was too thick and that I'd hurt her. She liked the rubber one; she just couldn't or wouldn't do me. And I was fine with that.

One night, I was DP'ing her with the rubber dick and I said, "You know, one of these days, we're going to do this with a real dick." She came almost instantly and a flood of fluid came out of her pussy, I knew that she had a gushing orgasm and it was the thought of more than one dick that set her off. But she would never tell me.

That was when I came up with the plan. My plan was to bring her out of her shell in such an explosive manner that there was no way she could deny it, or her multiple cock fantasy - which was now MY fantasy. I wanted to make her a fuck toy, plain and simple.

Chapter 2

I put an ad in Craigslist looking for candidates. The ad read very simply:

I need a few good men to fuck my wife. All you need to be is: attractive, willing, HWP, D&D free, not hairy, and not squeamish. Expect incidental male-to-male contact. All I need from you is a pic, a list of your stats, and why I should pick you.

Of course, I included a picture of her - blindfolded and tied up, of course. She'd never knowingly let me take a picture of her. The response was amazing; I had to sort through literally hundreds of "applicants"... the realization of getting a gang bang together was just that much closer to becoming reality.

Some of the men didn't follow directions in one way or the other: no pic, no stats, some bullshit line that I'd expect a half drunk man in a bar to use, or a host of other things that made me delete the email. That left me with around 50 or so applicants that I had to sort through before meeting them all for a beer to finish up the screening process. There were several that caught my eye immediately.

There was one, named Wayne, that could have been my twin, he was the same build and same height. He had even sent me a candid picture of him without a stitch of clothing on, it was strange, because it was like I was looking at myself, hairless and all. I sent him an email with the address, time and date that we were getting together to finalize things.

Another email was sent to a particularly gifted guy (here on known as "Dick"), he had sent me a picture of something that looked like it should have been fed rats. His unit must have been ten inches long and was as thick as a baby's arm.

Another email was sent to a black gentleman (Bill), just to keep things interesting since she had never been with a black guy. He had also sent me a full nude picture, which was a good thing, because he was gifted as well, not as gifted as Dick was, but certainly no slouch.

I sent out a total of 18 emails, but only expected half to show. I arranged three separate meetings for the sake of simplicity. I was planning on having a beer or two, just long enough to get a feel for each of the guys, I was a pretty good judge of character, it had always been a knack of mine.

I invited "Dick" to the first meeting at a local sports bar. He showed up, thankfully, with 2 other men. Dick was very enthusiastic to help me out with my plan, as he should've been. The other two seemed equally amenable.

One man, Craig, brought his wife (Claire) along to one of the meetings. He'd convinced his wife that this was one thing he wanted to cross off his list, to participate in a gangbang. They were both average looking, certainly nothing you'd see on the street and think, "Wow, I'll bet they're swingers." They had been swingers in the past, before the kids. But, now that the kids were grown up, he wanted to just be one more cock in a line of cocks. She was agreeable to this, but she wanted to watch and not necessarily participate. She was admittedly bi, but hadn't done anything with another woman since their swinging days. I was happy to have them join along.

After all three meetings, I finally decided on whom I wanted to attend. I sent final emails to Dick, Craig, Wayne, Bill and 4 other standouts, inviting them to the hotel I had picked for this to happen. I wanted for this to go off without a hitch, I expected some to bail, but I politely requested that I be informed of whether or not they were going to participate by either text or email. Even last minute, I wanted some sort of notification or their intentions. I started preparations for the big evening.

Her birthday was right around the corner, I had a planned a busy evening starting with dinner, drinks, a trip to the adult book store, and then finish at the adult motel that we'd enjoyed many years before. That was where I decided that we'd cross that line and get her the gangbang she'd been scared to tell me she'd wanted for so long.

Dinner was uneventful; we had a nice light dinner followed by several drinks at the bar. I could tell by the look on her face that she was starting to get horny, which was fine by me. She looked stunning, dressed in a simple yet short black dress and heels; I was in a pair of khakis and a polo shirt. I pulled her close to me, and whispered in her ear, "Do you want to go by the bookstore and get you a new vibrator and maybe something to wear for our night at the motel?"

"That sounds great. I'm starting to feel this wine and I'd hate to waste a good buzz just in the bar," she whispered back.

Fueled, I grabbed her by the hand and rushed off to the car with her, headed to the bookstore. The bookstore I'd chosen was a special one. I worked for a chain of adult bookstores early as an adult and this was one of the chains that I'd worked for. It had a full line of vibrators, dildos, books, videos, and clothing. But, it wasn't for any of those reasons that I'd chose this one. It was the video arcade. I knew that if I could get her in the arcade with a bunch of horny men milling around like sexual deviants, I knew I could get her to do almost anything.

As we walked in the front door, I noticed the usual characters in the store. A few horny men pretending to look at videos or books, but were actually scanning who went in the arcade and if they had a partner. There were a couple of women in the store, and they looked like they were picking gifts out for a bachelorette party and were keeping to themselves. We glanced around the store, looking at various items, I showed her a few male masturbators that I'd told her about, they looked like flashlights and held a similar name. I told her, "These are supposed to be as good as the real thing." I reached up and ran my finger around the outside of her lips. "But, I seriously doubt they could match these lips."

She grinned and flushed a little and said, "You really know how to work me, don't you? Maybe I'll just show you how good these lips CAN be." I smiled and thought, you have no idea what I've got in store for you, do you? I looked down at my phone and checked my texts. Everything was looking good so far, a couple of the men had bailed out, but the key ones that I'd wanted there were still with me, leaving me with 6 men showing up to show how much fun more than one dick can be to my lovely wife.

We wandered around the store a little more, poking and laughing at some of the toys, and when we wandered by the door of the arcade, I pulled her inside. I pressed her up against the wall, kissing her deeply and running my tongue inside her mouth, swirling around hers. As I let up, she shuddered a little, breathing deeply. "Still knock my socks off with a kiss, babe," she says, almost breathlessly. "But, what the hell are we doing in here? It's dark," and looking around at the hallways, "and it's filled with perverts."

"I've got a couple of quarters, lets watch a little porn, make out a little, and we'll grab you something sexy to wear and maybe a new vibrator."

She nodded, still feeling the effects of the wine and I grabbed her by the hand and led her to a back corner where I was sure we could get a couple of minutes alone. We found a secluded booth pretty quickly and went inside. It was cramped, but manageable. I put a token in the coin mechanism and an interracial couple appeared on the screen, a black guy cramming his 8 or 9 incher into this poor blonde's ass. That was all I saw before I pushed her into the side of the booth and kissed her deeply. She pressed back and I lost my balance a bit and had to put my hand against the booth wall to keep from falling over. My hand hit something fleshy. It was a cock poking through a hole cut in the side of the booth. She looked down in disbelief and says, "Oh shit." And bolted out of the room, giggling. I followed her out and she leans over, giggling, and says, "Oh my God, it couldn't have been longer than 4 inches!"

I tell her, "Dear, they come in all shapes and sizes, you just found a short one this time. They can't ALL be like mine, right?" We both laughed, because, like I said, I'm just a LITTLE above average. We headed to the main part of the store to find what we came here for.

She'd found a nice set of panties - fortunately... because she wasn't wearing any - and a pair of laced fishnet stockings. I found another bullet vibe, since she'd broken the last one - I wonder how THAT happened?? We met in the front of the store by the cashier, paid for everything and left, a few guys milling around looked at her suspiciously, and I knew they'd heard her giggling in the back room.

On the way over to the motel, I tell her a story I'd heard from a friend about this particular motel. You see, Dennis is an old friend that frequents the hotel and he's living a second bachelorhood and he's living it to the fullest. Being a tall, good looking and silver tongued man, he's got absolutely no problems connecting with pretty much any woman he's got his sights on. According to the etiquette of the motel, if a room's occupants have the curtains open, they want to be watched. With a particularly shy girlfriend of his, he was passing by a room and they happen to have their curtains open, and of course... he looks. My friend leans over and says to her, "Look, they've got a puppy!" She looks over to see a sight of a massive cocked guy slamming a petite milf from behind, doggy style. She gasps and rushes off to her room. My wife laughs and a says something about how embarrassing that would be - for all of them.

We finally get to the motel and sneak into the lobby. There was already a couple there, close to our age - around 40, they were both attractive, the guy was a little chunky but he wore an air of confidence that said that they'd been here before. She was thinner, but well built... and not wearing a whole lot. The man was wearing a pair of shorts that looked like boxers and a t-shirt, she was dressed in a pair of white booty shorts and a blue tube top. It made me wonder where she got the tube top from, I hadn't seen one in ages. But, it made her breasts stand out quite nicely and I could see her pair of erect nipples poking through, and it looked as though they were pierced. Her shorts didn't leave a lot to the imagination either; you could tell that she was shaved below.

We walked up to the front desk and told them we had a reservation, and I handed the lady behind the counter my credit card. She thanked me, and started filling out forms on the computer, I turned my back to her and did the once over again, on the couple standing in the lobby with us. The female of the couple looked my wife up and down and up again, she was obviously interested in her. I looked at the man, and he looked ME up and down like he was eyeing a 16-ounce premium porterhouse. I say, "Hi, first time here?"

"No, we've been here before. We're always looking for fresh talent, " he says.

"We've been here before as well, but it's been a while." I say, trying to seem friendly, but not committing to anything one way or the other.

"We're waiting for another couple right now, so... if you get bored, I'm sure we could show you some of the new features since you've been here last, " his wife says, adjusting her clothing a little to expose a little more skin. "We're down in room 18 and we'll be UP all night. So don't be afraid to knock."

"We'll see what happens, we've got a busy night planned as well, thanks for the invite, " I say, somewhat flustered.

"Sir, your key," says the lady behind the counter. I turn around and grab the key from her and motion to my wife to head towards the door. We get outside, hop into the car and pull up to the room. In the car, I say, "Wow, they were interested, weren't they?"

My wife snickers, saying, "Yeah, and he was looking to get a piece of you, wasn't he?"

"Speak for yourself, she was undressing you since you walked through the door."

She giggles, saying, "Yeah, she was. She was pretty hot, I've always thought about getting piercings like that done, but not on my nipples."

"You noticed the nipple piercings, huh?"

"Yeah. I did. Ever think about getting 'The Boss" pierced?"

"Not really. I do hear it helps in the bedroom...."

We get out of the car, pop the trunk and grab our things. We couldn't park right in front of the room, so we had to walk a little, And wouldn't luck have it, a room had it's curtains open. I nod my head over to the room and say, "Look! A puppy!"

She looks over and sees two couples in a modified daisy chain, totally oblivious of us watching them. My wife looks over, and sees the couples in total ecstasy and puts her hand over her mouth, gasping a little. Realizing that I'm watching her reaction lowers her eyes and hurries over to the room. I think it's going to be a good night.
