 It had been months in the making with lots of kinky conversations, but finally here I was in bed with Susan and her husband for a much anticipated threesome. Susan was maybe 43 or 44 and she had been stripped naked in front of me by her husband, who was maybe a year or two older.

She lay on her back on the bed in only a lacy white suspender belt and white stockings, no panties. As I undressed, my eyes looked first at her pussy, which was neatly trimmed with light brown pubic hair, then up over her flat stomach to her full breasts topped with large deep red nipples, which had stiffened ever so slightly. Her husband was stroking his fingers up and down over her pussy and opening her lips a little each time her touched her. 

Once naked, I lay on the bed beside her and stroked her stomach and began to fondle her breasts, until her husband without speaking, motioned for me to kiss Susan's pussy. I willingly placed one hand on her right thigh and the other on her stomach and then leaned forward until my face was above her pussy. I then opened my mouth and kissed the soft hair on her pussy and let my tongue brush over her clit gently. A few more licks and my tongue had nestled in between her lips parting them slightly and coating them in saliva. I continued to lick up and down between her lips as her thighs opened a little wider and her husband lay down beside her on the bed. 

After a few minutes her husband raised her left thigh and I watched as his cock appeared up between her legs, rubbing against the white nylon on the inside of her thigh and eventually bumping up against her pussy lips. He clearly wanted to fuck her right away and I was more than okay with that, getting to see her pussy being fucked at such close range would indeed be a pleasure. 

I licked down over her pussy once more, leaving as much saliva on her lips as I could, then promptly saw his cock slide up over her wet lips and then begin to nuzzle in between them. His thick red tip pushed over her lips several times as he tried to push the tip inside her pussy. Then as he moved his cock back once more to try and penetrate her, Susan reached down with her hand and pushed the tip down into her moist hole. His cock then slipped in between her soft lips and he pushed gently into her pussy. As his hips started to move his cock sank deeper and deeper into her with each gentle stroke. 

It was a great sight to see, especially from only a few inches away and it was making me feel kinkier by the second. Once his cock had penetrated her fully, I resumed licking around her clit and kissing her soft bush. I could think of nothing kinkier than eating her pussy as it was being fucked by her husband. Except maybe one additional thing; if he were to cum inside her as I was licking and kissing her pussy. Once this thought was in my head, I could think of nothing else other than her pussy getting pumped full of cum and possibly seeing him cum on her belly and all over the front of her pussy. 

I carefully licked around her clit and lips, then kissed her soft belly as Susan became more and more aroused and her husband continued fucking her slowly. I would watch him withdraw almost completely and then his cock would glide back inside her until his balls pressed against her lips. Every few minutes his cock would slip out of her pussy and I would take the opportunity of eating her warm wet hole. 

This was one of the kinkiest things I had ever done and as I slid my tongue in between her hot wet lips, I could taste that her juices were sweeter than before. Then as I licked and sucked at her soft lips, I could feel the tip of his cock push back against her lips and slip easily back into her pussy. This time I did not move away, but kept my mouth open and continued to lick and suck around her clit and push my tongue down between her lips. A few times I felt my tongue touch the shaft of his cock, but I was already sucking her pussy as he fucked her, so I didn't bother me. 

The long deep strokes had suddenly become slightly quicker and the fingers on his hand that held her thigh, gripped more firmly. I moved my head back from her pussy to look up at his face and realised then that we were in for some action. His eyes were now closed and his face flushed red. Susan also was moving around more on the bed and my own cock was now fully erect and throbbing hard. As Susan moaned louder, his cock pumped faster and I really wondered if they were both going to cum and the same time. 

Susan suddenly went still and held her breath for maybe 5 or 10 seconds and her thigh muscles tensed up. As she did this, his cock began longer harder strokes into her pussy and I found myself unable to take my eyes off his cock, just in case I missed anything. I would lick her pussy briefly, up around her clit, then look down to see if he was about to cum. Susan seemed more relaxed and I assumed that she had had an orgasm of some degree, when she started to raise her hips up and down on the bed again. Her husband pumped his cock into her quite rapidly a few times and then I saw the skin around his balls tighten up and the base of his cock begin to pulse. 

I put my mouth down onto her pussy again and licked up over her lips and slightly down onto the shaft of his cock as he held his cock deep inside her. I poked the tip of my tongue between her lips and could feel his cock pulsing against my tongue, then suddenly I could taste the sperm as it filled her pussy and began to ooze out around his cock. He was clearly still shooting his cum into her pussy at this point and as his cock pumped the hot liquid into her pussy, he started slow shallow strokes. 

Susan then let out a big sigh and then I waiting. His cock was slipping further out of her pussy with each stroke and then I noticed a thin coating of sperm on the shaft as his cock pushed in and out of her. As he pushed into her once more, his shaft bent and his semi-hard cock slid out of her pussy, then up between her lips and over her clit. I moved my head back as his cock lay there and a few small spurts sent cum up onto her belly and into her pubic hair. 

The cum was thick and very white as I watched it pool on her belly and sit like a thick gel on her soft pubic hair. As he rolled onto his back on the bed, his cock slid down over her pussy, leaving a faint trail of sperm and Susan's thighs closed together. I had always fantasised about fucking a woman's pussy immediately after she had been filled with cum and now seemed to be my best chance of doing it. 

I was also very close to cumming, so I took Susan's thighs and parted them once more, delighted at the look of her cum covered pussy and belly. I put my hands under her knees and lifted her thighs up, then shuffled my knees up close to her ass and held her thighs around my waist, resting on my hips. The feel of her nylon covered thighs around my waist was almost enough to make me cum, then I noticed that the cum inside her was starting to trickle out onto the sheets. 

I held my cock and pushed the head down onto her wet pubic hair, rubbing it back and forth in the pool of warm sperm. I smeared the cum all over the front of her pussy with the head of my cock and then Susan reached down and with her fingertips and began to stroke the tip of my cock. She held the tip tightly and I could feel the slippery warm cum on her fingers. She then dipped the entire palm of her hand into the pool of cum on her belly and then wrapped her wet fingers around my shaft and began to jerk me off. 

I looked down to see my cock covered in cum and realised that this was bringing me very close to cumming. I took hold of my cock and pushed the head down towards her pussy, then seeing some cum spilling from her pussy, I put my cock down close to her ass and scooped up the cum on my tip and pushed my cock deep inside her hot, slippery hole. I leaned forward and started to fuck her pussy, feeling the hot liquid inside her and watching as it spilled out of her with each stroke. 

Susan's hand was still down by her pussy and she began to play with her clit as I fucked her. Her pussy was so smooth and slick that as I fucked her, my cock would slip out of her hole and up over her lips, hitting her hand. She would then grip my cock tightly and start jerking me off fast and hard, almost as though she wanted me to cum on her pussy and belly. I was eager to cum inside her, so I would then push my cock back into her pussy and start fucking her again. This happened several times and each time I was getting closer to cumming and her husband was paying close attention to see what was about to happen. 

Just then as I was fucking her pussy and thinking that I was ready to cum inside her, my cock slipped out and Susan took hold of the shaft and began to jerk me off. I let out a low moan as I felt my orgasm start, but Susan kept on jerking me slowly, until a powerful jet of sperm shot up into the air and landed up between her breasts. Susan then pushed my cock down towards her pussy as my cum spurted out into her hand and across her stomach, she managed to get the tip pressed up against her wet lips and I pushed forward and was back inside her again. 

Once inside her pussy I pushed my cock as deep as possible into her and lay down on top of her. My cock continued to fill her with cum as I lay there quite still, but in ecstasy knowing that her sweet pussy was now full with two separate loads of sperm. I could feel the full weight of my body on her and once my orgasm had subsided enough, I pushed myself up off her and pulled my cock slowly from her pussy and looked at the mess between her thighs. As I sat back on the bed and looked down at her cum covered pussy, her husband put his arm under her left thigh and began to rub his fingers across her wet pussy lips. 

He stroked all around her inner thighs and over her smoothly shaven lips, leaving a slick coating of cum all over her. I lay down on the bed beside her and looked at the remainder of the sperm on her stomach and decided to do the same. I placed my hand flat on her stomach in the pool of cum and began to smear it around her belly and down over her pussy. I was amazed at how quickly the cum soaked into her skin and became sticky to the touch as it dried. 

We both massaged the cum that had started to spill from her pussy up over her belly and all around the insides of her thighs. The last I remember before falling asleep beside her was stroking her stomach with my cum covered fingers and caressing her breasts with sperm. It was certainly a night to remember and although it has never happened since, I still think of it almost daily and can recount every detail.