 Susan was sitting on the couch with her boyfriend Alex, drinking a couple of glasses of wine with Alex's friend Thomas. The radio playing in the background was only heard once in a while when a really good song caught the attention of the three in the living room. Otherwise, they were busy talking, telling funny stories, and jokes. Just having a good time, and enjoying each other's company.

Susan and Alex had been seeing each other for a couple of months now, and she had been at his place more often then her own over the last few weeks. Tonight was the first time she was meeting Thomas, and the entire night she had been laughing at the stories they were telling about each other's childhood.

"You can't be serious!!!" Susan exclaimed and laughed when Thomas nodded his head smiling. Pushing a strand of long, dark hair from her face she turned to face Alex. "Your poor teacher! You guys must have driven her crazy!!"

Alex just shrugged his shoulders and smiled, "Nah...I think she got a kick out of the pranks Thomas and I pulled that year."

Susan giggled again, shaking her head and sending uncontrollable curls flying around her face again. Picking up her glass, she took a last sip of her wine and started to get up.

"Well you two," Susan started, " I'm glad I was never your teacher!! I think I would have called in sick every morning."

She smiled when the two men put on their best innocent-hurt faces. Stretching and looking over to at the clock, Susan walked over to Thomas and went to shake his hand.

"I'm afraid that I really have to get some sleep. I have to get up early tomorrow. It's been really nice meeting you! I hope to see you again soon."

Instead of shaking the small hand presented to him, Thomas brought Susan's fingers up to his lips and kissed them softly.

"Don't worry, now that I see what Alex has kept hidden from me these past couple of months, I'll be sure to come into town more often!" Thomas winked at her and watched as she walked over to Alex...bent down and kissed him. He enjoyed the gorgeous view of her ass while she said goodnight to Alex and then whispered something in his ear that Thomas couldn't quite hear. Although he though he caught a small growl escaping from Alex's throat.

Susan turned and waved as she disappeared up the stairs. "G´night you two"

"Goodnight"

"Sleep well", Alex and Thomas replied just as they heard the bathroom door close.

"She is gorgeous!" Thomas said in a soft voice to Alex. "Do you think she'll agree to it?"

"Oh she'll agree," Alex answered as he took the wine bottle and refilled their glasses. "She's as hot as hell right now...all we have to do now is sit back and wait a bit." Alex ran his fingers through his hair and then sat back in the couch with his glass. "So, how is the new job going so far?"

Susan turned on the shower and checked the temperature. She wanted to take a quiet bath before getting into bed, and she hoped that this would give Alex a chance to get rid of Thomas. She was badly in need of getting fucked! Alex had tormented her all evening. Gently stroking her inner thigh with his strong fingers, almost, but not quite coming in contact with her aching sex. A couple of times she had almost thrust her hips forward, and had to disguise a few inappropriate movements. And as if that wasn't enough, Alex had let his fingers brush slightly over her already painfully hard nipples, more times then she could count! He was driving her nuts...and he knew it!

Sighing, Susan glanced at herself in the now foggy mirror. Running her fingers down her slender neck, past her shoulder...lightly down the valley between her firm breasts...

"mmmmm..." she moaned softly when her fingertips brushed over her left nipple, the other hand travelling farther down over her stomach...

Knock Knock Knock Knock

Susan jumped and grabbed a towel just as the door opened.

Alex smiled from ear to ear as a bright red blush started to cover Susan's body. "Starting without me darling?"

"SHHhhhh!!! He'll hear you!!!" Susan whispered loudly holding the towel even tighter. "Anyway, if I do start without you, it's your fault!!" She fought to keep the frown on her face while she heard Alex's deep laugh.

"Admit it...you love it!!" he jerked the towel from her hands, turned her around and pulled her naked body into his arms. His fingers quickly found her nipples as he pinched them gently between his fingers, shoving his hips into her, the hard bulge let her know that he was also enjoying it.

"Thomas and I are going to take a quick walk to the store for some cigarettes, then I'll rush home to you..." he kissed Susan's neck and let one hand fall between her legs. He stroked her gently, his fingers tracing her wet slit. "...do not start without me!"

Alex stepped back slowly and Susan groaned.

She turned around and kissed him, her tongue tasting him...teasing him...her hand found his cock, straining to be let out of his jeans. She stroked him up and down through the fabric while gently biting and licking his lower lip.

"Then hurry!!!" she whispered into his ears and then shoved him away and smiled.

Alex groaned.

"I'll get you for that!!" he warned her as he turned to leave.

SMACK!!! Susan smacked Alex in the ass as hard as she could just as he was out the door. She quickly closed and locked the door before Alex would have a chance to retaliate.

"That too!!" She heard him say though the door and she burst into a fit of giggles.

"You deserve it!" she argued and finally stepped into the shower.

A little while later Susan left the bathroom. She had heard the guys leave so she didn't bother putting on any clothes as she walked to Alex's bedroom. Climbing in between the covers she smiled to herself thinking while thinking about the evening.

She could see why Alex and Thomas had been friends for so long, they were so alike! Both of them towered over her 5 foot 4 inch body, they had the same taste in clothes, music and movies. They had the same sense of humour and the same look of mischief in their eyes. They could have been brothers.

Laying in the bed, Susan yawned and closed her eyes.

An hour later, Alex walked quietly into the bedroom and saw Susan sleeping on the bed. She had kicked most off most of the covers and her bare breasts were begging him for attention. Turning off all but the bed light, he removed his clothes and gently lowered himself onto the bed, his cock already starting to harden.

Bending over Susan, his tongue lightly licks the tip of her nipple trying not to wake her yet. He then gently blows onto her now wet nipple and smiles as a small grunt escapes Susan's throat and her nipple hardens instantly.

Alex's hand snakes under the covers and finds the inside of her thigh, this time taking her nipple into his mouth, he softly bites down and lets his fingers glide up her inner thigh at the same time.

"Ummmm...that's nice." Susan mumbles, her eyes opening slightly. Her fingers find Alex's hair and she arches her back, enjoying the attention he is giving her.

His fingers rake her sensitive skin as he brings them up to her already wet slit, taunting and teasing without really touching her. His mouth moves over to her right nipple to give it the same treatment as the first...licking, blowing and then gently biting.

Susan's breathing started to quicken, she thrust her hips forward, moaning and trying to catch his elusive fingers.

"Umm mmm" Alex mumbled, her nipple between his lips catching the vibrations. He started to place small feather like kisses up her breast, over her shoulder and neck.

"I want to try something we haven't done before." he whispered into her ear, his fingers finally stroking her swollen labia.

"Mmmm...oh ya...that's it...touch me there...no don't stop" Susan protested when Alex stopped. "What? What do you want to try? Please Alex don't stop...I want..."

Alex cut her off with a kiss and started his caressing again. His right hand reached over to the night table and pulled something out of the drawer.

"Let me tie you up..." he whispered again into her ear.

"Anything...just please...don't stop again."

"Just for a second..." he replied as he took both her wrists, tied them together and fastened the silk rope to the bed railing above her head. Reaching again into the drawer, he pulled out another piece of silk, this one he tied behind her head...covering her eyes.

Susan groaned loudly, her thighs rubbing together, trying to stop the throbbing between her legs. She felt Alex get off the bed and started to protest.

"Where are you going?!" raising her blindfolded head from the bed she searched for some kind of indication of where he was. Just before his tongue made contact, she felt his hot breath on her nipple. The sudden sensation surprising her and pleasuring her all at once.

His mouth moved to the opposite breast...kissing, licking, sucking and biting her nipple to arousal.

"Noooo..." Susan cried out, when Alex suddenly stepped away again.

She pulled at her ropes, trying to get her hands free so that she could bring some relief to her soaking wet cunt. She was so hot it was almost unbearable!

She felt Alex slip the next rope around her left ankle, starting on the arch of her foot, he began to lick his way up her leg.

Susan instantly spread her legs as far as they would go and she felt a rope slip around her right ankle. Alex had almost licked his way up to her hungry pussy, when Susan felt the ropes tightening and spreading her legs even farther apart.

"Something is wrong," she thought to herself. "How can Alex...uhhh goodddd..."

Feeling Alex's mouth finally lock down over her pussy, she forgot the fleeting thought. Alex licked her wet and swollen lips and then dipped his tongue into her hot juice, savouring the abundance of warm womanly fluid he found. His lips wandered around in her folds, licking and enjoying his journey. He felt Susan's body start to tense as his tongue came close to her engorged clit. Hardening his tongue, he bent down and ran it up the length of her slit, stopping for a couple of seconds before taking her clit in between his lips and gently sucking on it.

Susan's body arched off the bed, her hands pulling against the restraints holding her.

"UUHhhhh...God yes...don't...don't stop," she begged him as she felt a huge orgasm starting to come over her. "God you're hot!!" Susan heard a man's voice and another pair of hands started to wonder over her body, pinching her nipples and kissing her neck.

"Thomas?!" she asked in a barely audible voice just before Alex thrust two fingers into her cunt and Thomas squeezed her nipples tightly.

The double sensations sent her into an orgasm that disintegrated any other thoughts that might be have been forming in her mind. Her moans filled the bedroom as wave after wave of pure pleasure rolled through her body.

A couple of minutes later, Alex and Thomas were holding and caressing Susan gently while she caught her breath. They had taken the ropes and the blindfold off and were running their hands up and down her body.

"You liked it, didn't you..." Alex said quietly, more a statement then a question. "I know I did." he continued as he took her hand and placed it onto his rock hard cock.

Susan smiled slightly as she felt his dick hop slightly when her finger tips made contact.

"You didn't really give me a choice!!" she knew he was right, not only did she like it...she loved it! But that still didn't make it any easier to look at Thomas who was sitting quietly on the other side of her, gently massaging her thigh!

Thomas hooked a finger under Susan's chin and turned her to face him.

"It will probably kill me," he stated as he placed her free hand upon his, also very hard shaft, "but if you really want me to...I'll leave now."

Susan felt a spasm deep inside her cunt as she held the two men in her hands. She looked at Alex and he nodded. Turning back to Thomas she lifted her head to kiss him, and then began to stroke both men with her hands.

As she kissed Thomas, Alex bent down and took her sore nipple into his mouth, soothing it with his hot tongue.

Her hands shook slightly as they traveled down the two pulsating cocks. Reaching between their legs she gently ran her finger nails over two pair of balls and then up to the tips of their cocks once again. She really enjoyed the power she felt in pleasuring them, noticing and enjoying the differences her fingers discovered in the two friends.

Alex was very well built in the dick department. He had an above average length, and since they had been sleeping together, just thinking about his tool made her wet.

Thomas, she quickly discovered was even better built then Alex! She felt overwhelmed with lust, and wanted to take one of the impressive pieces of meat into her mouth.

She didn't really know where to start, but Alex seemed to notice her problem and told her that he wanted to see her suck Thomas while he fucked her.

Standing her up beside the bed, Alex positioned Susan in front of Thomas. He stood behind her, spread her legs and pushed her down towards Thomas's cock.

Arching her back, she bent to take Thomas into her mouth for the first time. Alex held onto Susan's hair, and turned her head to the side so that he could watch as his girlfriend took his best friend's dick into her mouth.

Susan moaned softly, tasting Thomas's pre-cum with the tip of her tongue. Draping her arms over his hips, she went lower, took the base of his cock in her hand and licked up the length, her tongue flicking all over and wetting it with her saliva. After a couple of minute's teasing she slowly took the head into her mouth, sucking and running her tongue in circles around the tip. Both men groaned deeply and she almost giggled.

Alex began to rub his dick up and down her slit, his other hand still holding her hair to the side. Susan tried to thrust her hips back, wanting him to plunge his cock into her, but he just avoided her.

"Fuck him with your mouth Susan..." Alex said in a deep lustful voice, "...and I'll fuck you. Take him in deeper...that's it...fuck you look good with a cock in your mouth."

His words were playing havoc on Susan's libido. She thrust her head down over Thomas's cock, taking as much of him into her mouth as she could. She gagged a little when she felt him hit the back of her throat. Sucking as she pulled back a little, her tongue swirling around inside of her mouth, she stopped at the head and then plunged downward again, this time taking him a little deeper. Again and again she took Thomas into her mouth.

She felt Alex's hands between her legs and she moaned, spreading her legs even more. Lifting her head for a moment, she turned and watched as Alex spread her ass cheeks almost painfully, and thrust hard and deep into her sopping cunt, plunging all the way in on the first thrust.

"Oooohhh god ya!!! Fuck me...fuck me hard!!!" Susan felt Thomas grab her hair and pull her mouth back to his shaft.

"Come on baby...don't forget me..." he thrust his hips up and pulled her head down, just as Alex pushed in with another hard fuck from behind.

Susan groaned loudly with her mouth full of cock, the vibrations racing up Thomas's shaft and into his balls. Losing control he grabbed her hair in both hands and started bouncing her up and down, faster...harder...and deeper.

Susan didn't care. She was mad with lust and the two cocks inside her had her on the verge of orgasm. Her hands held onto Thomas's thighs as she was pinned between two rock hard fuck tools. Alex's hand reached forward and he started to flick his fingers back and forward over Susan's clit.

"UuunnnNNnnGgggg..." Susan's came instantly. Her throat opening as she body let out a deep, lustful groan, her cunt racked with spasm after spasm of pure pleasure.

Thomas, feeling Susan groan, thrust hard into her open throat, holding her there while her reflexes swallowed again and again. Pulling out of her mouth he grabbed his dick, jerked it a couple of times and let loose a stream of thick white cum into Susan's open mouth. His next stream hit her cheek and splashed into her hair. Finally his balls were empty and he looked at her enjoying the cum slide down her face and watching her lick her lips as cum passed over them.

Seeing and hearing them, Alex couldn't hold back any longer. Susan's cunt milked the spunk from his balls, and he shouted out as the hot fluid pushed its way through his rod and broke through, spraying Susan's inner walls. He hammered into her, releasing the last of his jism into her body.

Seconds later, they were all laying on Alex's bed. Alex on the left, Thomas on the right and Susan in the middle. Their legs were wrapped around each other as they spoke together happily, deciding that Susan should call in sick tomorrow, and already planning how to spend their time together the next day.