 Best enjoyed if you begin with Part One.

*****

Sometimes thinking about upcoming sex is half the fun. Well, not half actually, things are always best when it is your own nerve-endings exploding right now in real time, and your legs are quivering and your heart-rate is up, and little moans are coming out of your mouth. And your lover is taking you to the limit. And your crotch is exploding in delight. But the anticipation part of thinking beforehand always seems to extend the excitement and heighten the pleasure when it does arrive. 

The two back-to-back nights with Rob, then Jim, went fairly similarly, not by accident. Sharon and I had planned things for our guys, although they certainly took the lead at times too, and we were sensible enough not to overrule them. 

We woke Saturday at first light, the boys determined to get in some early morning fishing. They grabbed some food and supplies before Sharon and I were even dressed. It was actually a bit fun for us to see them off from our rustic resort cabin while we didn't have any clothes on ourselves, a kiss at the door, cool morning air on my nipples, and Jim patted me affectionately on my rump. The sun was barely up when they trotted off down to the lake with their gear.

Sharon and I took the opportunity to dress leisurely and had a prolonged breakfast together down at the outdoor patio off the resort lodge restaurant, sunlight glancing through the trees, day warming up. 

"Good time for you last night?" she asked with a bit of a wanton smile, coffee mug in hand. "Seemed like you were having fun." She looked away from me, smiling into the distance. "Sounded that way too." I wasn't aware I had been that loud but didn't doubt her.

"It was sweet. Two good men, your guy was great. You will have fun on Monday too," I replied, already thinking about the how the two boys might handle Sharon later. "But we got Rob tonight, then Jim tomorrow. We should talk."

So we plotted out a little course. It wasn't a blueprint, we were prepared to alter stuff quite a bit depending on what happened, how they responded, maybe what the guys liked best. It was great fun.

She had confided a bit about what turned Rob on the most. Typically, he liked being fondled and sucked a little before mounting her. Sometimes he licked her, sometimes he fingered her, often it seemed like he was just more obsessed with a good hard fuck than anything else. She said she climaxed maybe a third of the time they made love. 

"Doesn't that bother you?" I had asked. "That your own pleasure doesn't matter?"

She smiled shyly. 

"No, not really. I know he usually is much more anxious for release than I am, and sometimes, well, it takes me a while to get going. He attends to me before or after sometimes. If he is happy, most of the time that is good enough. I don't mind. There are other parts of sex than just your own pleasure." 

I understood the "other parts of sex" bit but could not say the same for myself. There certainly had been times when Jim had climaxed hard enough that he was beat, and I had done without, but I usually made sure that didn't happen real often. And to be fair, Jim was usually enough of a gentleman to handle me first, or at least make an attempt later after his turn.

Two requirements we decided on however, it was enjoyable to hash them out in some detail. We were each dying for some sucking and licking of our men, trading back and forth, that was number one. We compared notes, their likes, anatomical pleasure spots, it was most enlightening. We would make sure our men had a thoroughly arousing evening.

Also we were determined that each of them would penetrate both of us on "his" night, even if only finishing in one of us. We agreed that it wouldn't matter to us who got the "honors." Sharon is such an amazing friend. Her eyes got wild as we talked, and I must say my groin squeezed in pleasure more than once.

A couple times that morning our discussion got a little too animated, we had to lower our voices. One table with an older, probably retired, couple shot us a keen glance once while we were describing the pleasures of a good hard erection. That gave us a warning all right.

One of the little mini-plans we got going for Rob was me on top (female-on-top I guess was not one of the things they indulged very much, but it was something I always enjoyed) but with the added amusement of having Sharon drape her breasts into his face at the same time I rode him. We knew the logistics, body placement and such, might get a bit complicated but we were sure we could pull it off. 

We couldn't help giggling and smiling over that one though.

We finished our talk on an uphill reconnaissance walk after our meal, which later turned into the location of such a lovely little after-lunch adventure with our boys, and then went back to the cabin.

All afternoon Rob was on my horizon and my mouth was watering. I wanted to do so many things to his penis, but alas, a hard penis never lasts long enough, at least for me, unless you handle things with extraordinary patience. But I was plenty ready to be patient.

Well, our eyes were darting all over the place at dinner Saturday night. Every single look from one of us to another seemed to ooze sex. Words had double meanings. I complained that the menu didn't include "Roast Beast." That started a long tittering riff on the other ways to prepare a meal of "Beast." "Beast in a Blanket." "Suckling Beast." "Beast a la Naomi." Inside-joke laughter all around.

We took another stroll after dinner, but I was anxious for us to all get back to the cabin, so it wasn't long. Slow enchanting disrobement from everyone, the now familiar bare skin of the others no less arousing, and we got talking about the "two-on-one" business again. 

To my surprise, Rob mentioned that this was a wrestling term.

I wrinkled up my nose. "Two guys against one? Never seen or heard of a wrestling match like that. Doesn't sound especially sporting."

Rob shook his head. "No, no, not that."

It turned out Rob had been on Friendship's high school wrestling team. I had not known this.

"Indiana Division II State Champion in the one hundred ninety-three pound weight class his senior year," said Jim, proudly. "He'll not talk about it but he was one hellava grappler."

"I bet," I said, looking at his hands and his big chest. "Once he got those paws on you he'd never let you go." Sharon laughed.

But the "two-on-one" was some sort of hold, where one wrestler used two hands to restrain one arm of his opponent. I couldn't quite visualize the business, so I asked Rob and Jim to demonstrate. 

Well, they looked cute, all naked, standing in front of each other, while Rob grabbed Jim's right arm with both hands and held it at a funny angle. 

"You ever see him compete?" I asked Sharon. 

"Once. Not something you can watch much, if you have any regard for someone. Pretty brutal. I couldn't stand to look most of the match."

"So how do you work it? This 'two-on-one' hold?" I looked back at Rob. "No, wait, wait a moment."

I had an evil idea. 

"Sharon? You wanna help me a sec? Before Rob goes any further with his demo?"

Her eyes were questioning. "What do you have in mind?"

I didn't want to answer. "Watch this."

I sauntered over to Jim and began to stroke his penis. My eyebrows arched to Sharon, she got the idea. 

Within just a couple minutes, we had gotten both boys hard, cocks sticking out straight in front of them.

"Okay, let's see some wrassling," I said in an official voice, trying for my best back-woods Indiana accent.

Rob leered at me. "Like this? You can't wrestle like this! On a hardwood floor? Naked?" 

"With an erection!" sputtered Jim.

"Yeah, I know, not naked, you hafta wear one of those silly, stretchy nineteenth-century swimsuit type things with the shoulder straps." 

"Singlet," said Jim. 

"Singlet, right. No, don't do a real thing," although now when I thought of it, it seemed like a fun idea. Maybe some other time we could get them to mess around on a mat or a soft grassy field. The image of the two boys, naked, with erect cocks, going at each other was arousing enough. "Just show me how you'd work a 'two-on-one.'"

Well damn if that wasn't a kick. Big Rob hauling Jim around by his arm, explaining how in a real match he'd pull him off balance, do this, do that, "take him down" is the phrase he used.

But I couldn't keep my eyes off the two stiff bobbing cocks of the boys, each erection wagging or nodding vigorously up and down while they shuffled around our cabin in mock combat. 

I tried to imagine Rob in a real match, dominating his opponent, what it might feel like to be underneath him, the way I had seen the Olympic wrestlers on television, one guy forcing another down on the mat, his hips and torso keeping the guy under control. 

My mind got going. If it had been me underneath? And we were naked? His cock would be pressing into my ass-crack no doubt, his weight on me while my boobs were getting mashed into the ground. My own groin squeezed with pleasure. Sometimes my imagination gets away from me.

"Can I try? Can you show me?" I asked mischievously. 

Rob let go of Jim. He showed me how to do the hold, to grasp his wrist with one hand, and maneuver the upper arm and shoulder with the other. Then I experimented on him, gripping his big beefy arm. I moved him around a little, compliant, while he explained how you could get somebody down, slip around their back, do a half dozen different things. But I couldn't keep my eyes off his hard penis as it moved stiffly about. 

I gave Sharon a lascivious look, and began to tug Rob over to the bed. He let me toss him onto it, lying on his back, his cock full length along his belly, almost up to his navel. One look at Sharon and she was on the other side of him.

We started in straight away, already warmed up from our little exertions. 

We each held a hand, looking wantonly at him the whole time. Sharon leaned in shyly for a kiss, which was returned with enthusiasm. 

I was surprised, again, when it was my turn for the kissing. How transgressive it felt to have Rob slip his tongue into my mouth, with Sharon right there, Jim as witness. I quivered. 

We were slow. We kissed him up and down his body. I felt his hands reaching for my nipples while I kissed his chest. I found myself nibbling his own nipples while he played with mine. Mine were erect and alive to the touch. I sniffed and kissed his armpits, tart and alluring, and his flanks. We made sure our nipples grazed his body at every opportunity. My groin was seeping early, my lips swelling.

His callused hands were rougher than Jim's but he made his touch as gentle as he could. It was sweet. 

Of course, Sharon got to his penis first. It was fairly stiff before either of us touched it. 

I kept stroking his chest while she played with his prick. She rolled it from side to side, pushed the foreskin up and down gently, then more vigorously. 

I finally had to have a turn, it looked so nice. 

I wanted him. I wanted him badly. 

I wanted to feel his penis with my mouth. I wanted that tight, taut ridgeline around his cock-head held in my snug lip-embrace. I wanted my saliva coating his shaft. I wanted my nose buried in his crotch-hair. I wanted to know that his penis was happy in my mouth. 

The want I had was excruciating. Did I think of Jim? Maybe, but not for long. Rob's cock in front of me took care of that. Is it evil to give yourself up completely for a moment every once in awhile? I think not. 

I forced myself to go slow, slink into some dream-motion, one frame at a time, so I could savor. 

My tongue touched the tip of his penis, probing the tiny little slit at the end. I let my tongue's wet, pointed tip trace the edges of his entire cock-head, moving from slit to under-ridge, all along, circumnavigating, wanting every nerve ending in his penis to know that I wanted him.

My lips pressed softly, then increasingly tightly, along his cock-head, the alive bulb of pleasure in my mouth. I kept myself from inhaling him. 

Slow - tongue touch here, tongue touch there - explore, tease, prolong. 

It is not supposed to be more fun to have a cock slide into your mouth than your crotch, but here and now I would not have wanted it any other way. My own groin squeezed with pleasure as his penis twitched in my mouth. Sharon had no idea how nice it was to have this noble penis at her call, whenever she wanted. 

I held his balls with one hand, I licked him up and down. I wanted to play forever, but knew I couldn't when his cock-head began to twitch with each touch I gave it. I judged it best to move on to the next stage. 

My own groin was seeping serious. 

We would try to keep Rob aroused, while staying away from his prick for the next stretch. 

I moved up his body and straddled his chest. Sharon leaned in for a kiss. He kneaded one of her dangling breasts, then mine. I am not sure I have seen a happier, more aroused male - he had two sets of boobs to play with and an erection dying for release. His smile made it all thoroughly satisfying. 

So I edged up his chest, swiping my damp groin over his chest-hairs, until I hovered over his mouth. 

He kissed me, tongued me, and I found myself pressing my groin into his face, maybe a little harder than necessary. Sharon's eyes were wide, a little taken aback at my aggression. We hadn't planned this part.

I grazed his face with my crotch-hair, tickling him. Slid my lips over his nose, pushed into his mouth. His tongue licked, then pushed its way up my channel. I felt everything get slick. 

I let him lick me. His hands reached around to grab my ass, spreading my cheeks. I pushed myself into him, let his tongue go up me, flick my clitoris. I closed my eyes. 

I pretty much lost touch with the rest of the room, the world, for the next bit. I came once, pushing my groin fairly forcefully into his face, feeling his tongue up me, my ass-cheeks clenching hard. I had been far more aroused than I expected. None of us were going to last long at this rate. It was beautiful.

I relaxed a bit on him, feeling my juices oozing, noting when I left off how wet Rob's chin and face were. 

I slid down his torso. Sharon had been playing with his prick while I had hovered over his face, so he was plenty hard by the time I got down there. I sat upright over his crotch and eased down on his prick, a slither so effortless it took my breath away. 

Sharon positioned herself above him, facing me, her groin a bit away from the top of his head, and then as planned, better than we planned, dropped her breasts into his face from above, squashing them around. 

She dangled her breasts into his eye-sockets, enveloping each one with the softness of their heft, draping his face with her chest. Her eyes were shining, shooting me a naughty glance. 

Her boobs are large and soft enough she could completely cover his eyes, making a blind-fold for him while I rode up and down his erection. She then got a nice back and forth shake going at one point with side-to-side motions smacking his face with the soft, battering inner flesh of her boobs.

A quick look over at Jim, mouth open, eyes bugging, tongue nearly hanging out, and I resolved the same thing would need to happen to him, tomorrow. 

For my part, I began a long slow back-and-forth, up-and-down on his cock, clipping his shaft with my quim. It slid lovely well, he was plenty stiff and ready. We would do him twice tonight, I knew.

It was very little time before he was pushing hard up into me, as hard as he could while being on the bottom, while still enduring Sharron's breast rub.

At the end I could tell he wanted to pull out, flop me over on my back and fuck me hard from on top, but I wouldn't let him. His eyes were fierce on me but I held him down and squeezed with all my might, going fast now. A first buck, then another and I clipped him good, delighting in the involuntary movements his hips were making, trying to send his penis deep inside me. It was good. 

He closed his eyes and I felt his hips buck frantically, then that series of sperm-discharging clenches that immediately follow, while he emptied himself into me. I clenched him hard, rhythmically, encouraging his complete divestiture. It felt good. I had liked the width and movement of his cock inside me. 

I let him shrink a bit inside me, while Sharon kissed him deep. 

I hadn't been planning this, but a sudden desire to have his mouth on my sopping crotch got into me. 

I eased Sharon aside with my motions, her eyes a bit puzzled until she figured out what I wanted.

I slid my soppy crotch up his body, finally lingering in front of his mouth. The odd thought then intruded, if anything was going to weird Jim out tonight, it would be this. Could I continue? You bet.

I mashed my crotch over his face, oozing fluids all over, finally positioning myself so he could tongue me. 

He did. It felt good, all gooey, I was loose and sloppy, but he worked me good. And at the this stage of the evening, I was so close to a second climax it didn't take much effort. My knees on each side of his head, my hands on the bed's head board, I forced myself onto him, pushing my pelvis forward and came. Smaller, softer climax than the first one, nice and rolling. 

His tongue stayed up my channel while I pressed the top of my notch into his face, curling my hips into him. My breath escaped, panting. I don't know how noisy I was, didn't care. 

Several good waves and I was done, legs no longer quivering, but soft.

I disengaged, making sure to ooze over Rob's cheeks and chin, coating his face. I felt relieved, nasty, pleased. 

Sharon and I settled in next to him, he leaned in for a long kiss for each of us. I was pleased to smell and taste myself on his mouth and face. 

I ran a hand down to a very damp and depleted penis. Round two would take awhile but that was fine. 

Jim's eyes were shining. His penis was hard. Part of me wanted to wander over to help out, part of me wanted to make sure he waited until his turn tomorrow. 

Sharon and I lay next to Rob, getting as close as comfort permitted - we were all overheated. We were happy to be just next to him, running our hands along his body. She gave me a shy smile, and all of a sudden I wondered what it must have looked like for her to see me ride Rob. 

For some time Rob just lay between us while we rubbed his body. He looked from one to us to the other, and gradually began to return the favors, hefting breasts, twisting nipples, stroking flanks. 

I never really know how long it takes for a guy to recover, not even Jim is always the same. Many times, probably most, once is enough to send him off to sleep, it all depends. And these guys had been getting a serious workout these past days. 

But Rob seemed to be in no hurry, happy just to be settled between us, kissing one, then the other, until gradually he began to show some more interest. 

"Give him a breast rub?" I asked Sharon impulsively. She looked at me, unsure at first until I demonstrated, then she nodded. We would cover him, stem to stern, with nipple caresses. Our two chests were so different it would make for great fun.

We each took an end. I began at his head, dragging my nipples over his cheeks and face, he couldn't resist licking them, nuzzling them as they went along. I made my way slowly down his body, squashing my breasts into his chest, poking a nipple into his armpit, tickling his flanks. I felt his hands on me as I went along, fingers running between my ass-cheeks, sliding up my oozy crotch. By this time his penis had begun to lengthen out, and sat there lying flat but not hard out along his belly, pointing to his face. 

Sharon and I got to his penis about the same time, and we took turns draping our chests into his crotch, giving him a little chest/crotch massage. We had a great time.
