 Susie O'Hanlon was a young woman in need of adventure. She was bored with her life. It was hard for her when she went out clubbing with her friends, because she wasn't the tall thin blonde amazon that frequented the clubs she went to. She was small and voluptuous with junk in her trunk. She had dark hair with dark eyes but always dressed to accentuate her assets, her DD breasts.

This night she had gone to the club to unwind after a long hard day problem solving for her clients. She danced with her friends or she sat at the bar drinking her cosmo. She wasn't expecting much but if something were to happen she was ready for it.

That was when HE walked in. His name was Troy Michaelson. He was tall with a strong, demanding presence. She saw him out of the corner of her eye and knew she didn't have a chance but that didn't stop the flip that she felt in her stomach. 

Troy walked in to the club and looked around at all the girls' pulsing bodies. They were all the same type, he was tired of that type. All he could see were blonde amazons. He wanted something different but at least, he thought, some brainless blonde would be willing to ease the straining in his pants. He made his way to the bar to order his drink.

Susie's friends were having so much fun that she couldn't help but get into the groove and find herself smiling when they again dragged her back up onto the dance floor. She was dancing close to one of her friends when suddenly this guy started grinding on her friend. He didn't seem to notice her as he pushed her aside to get close to her friend.

Susie dejectedly went back to the bar grumbling about the shallow fools that were always on the prowl in places like this. Although she was a little jealous of her friend, she knew she had to be happy with herself because she was beautiful and curvy. She had curves that some girls go under the knife to get but hers were all natural.

Troy finished the dance grinding on some random blonde he had seen dancing on the floor with a short brunette. The smile on that brunette had caught his eye before he saw that huge cleavage he found himself drawn to. When he was done dancing, he scanned the room for those breasts until he finally located the girl sitting at the bar nursing another drink. He made his way over to her. If he could get his hands on those tits he would be a happy man.

"Hi", he said to her with an air of confidence he didn't really feel. This was not the sort of girl he usually left the club with. Susie just turned away ignoring his nonchalant greeting. "Come on, don't be like that" he tried to coax her attention back to him. "Why don't you go back to my friend?" She said in a passive aggressive tone. 'Wow, if this is what she is like here, how would she be in bed?' he thought. 'She must be a real tiger.'

Susie was confused, 'why was this guy talking to her?' Finally she looked at Troy and her stomach flipped again. What was going on? She could feel the moistness growing between her legs, the way he looked at her was like he was hungry for something. His eyes kept scanning up and down her body.

She couldn't keep her eyes from wandering down his body. Muscular but not overly so. He looked after himself but not like those gym junkies she usually ran into in these clubs. But why was he talking to her. He could have had the hottest girl in the club if he wanted. "Why are you talking to me? You could have the hottest girl in the club if you want," she blurted out, not meaning to. Troy laughed. "You are the hottest girl here, not at all like those clones all over the place."

Susie felt flattered but wasn't sure if he was just giving her a line. "Do you want to go somewhere and get something to eat so we can talk?" he asked her. Susie wasn't sure but hadn't she wanted an adventure!? She simply nodded her head but told Troy she needed to let her friends know. She kept an eye on him while she pushed her way over to her friends to tell them she was taking off. The friends stared at her wide eyed but nodded that they understood. 

Susie made her way back to where Troy was waiting and they left the club together. The walked a few doors down to a quiet little all night diner where they sat opposite each other in a booth. The waitress took their orders of coffee and left them to talk. 

"I'm Troy" he introduced himself. 'A perfect name for his looks', Susie thought. "Susie" she said feeling more confident since they were in a public place with not so much noise.

"You are so hot," Troy said, "There is so much I would love to do to you." Susie was taken back but intrigued. "Tell me more."

Troy smiled a wicked grin before he started describing all the things in detail that he wanted to do. He started by talking about removing her sheer top, which he could see there was no bra beneath. He could see her nipples starting to push through the top, her arousal so obvious. He talked about licking her nipples, sucking her large full breasts, licking his way up her neck and then sinking her tongue playfully into her neck. He would tease her nipples between his fingers, pulling and rolling them, bringing them to a point. He would suck on them again and playfully bite them before moving down her body to remove that flimsy skirt that didn't really cover much.

Susie pressed her legs together and squirmed as the moistness between her legs became more evident to her. She couldn't stand it much longer. "Let's go" she said. Troy was taken back by this but could not handle talking much longer because of the throbbing in his pants. "Take off your panties first then we can go to my place", he said. She looked him in the eye as she slid her thong down her legs. She stood up and slipped the thong into Troy's hand before grabbing his hand and heading out the door. Troy threw some money on the table for the coffee as he was dragged out of the diner to a waiting cab. They climbed into the cab and rode to his place. While they drove he sat with one hand rubbing up and down inside her thigh while his other hand was watched rubbing the growing bulge in his pants. He would rub his hand up to just under the hem of her skirt and then down to her knee. She was moist, he could feel it. He could see her arousal growing from the nipples pressing through her shirt. She watched as the bulge in his pants grew in size, her eyes wide. He slid his hand up her thigh again and placed his fingers teasingly against her slit. He could feel her juices covering his fingers.

They made it to his place in no time at all. He pulled her out of the cab, throwing some cash to the driver and rammed his tongue deep in her mouth. She reciprocated. They stayed like that for a while, tongues fighting, reluctant to come up for air.

When they finally surfaced, Troy had found that his hands had wandered up under her skirt of their own will. His fingers found her moistness and were rubbing her clit in firm circles making her wetter. Susie was groaning, the wetness growing, her nipples struggling to escape her shirt, her hips grinding against his hand in yearning. 'What is happening with me?' they both questioned of themselves. 'There has never been a reaction like this before.'

Troy dragged her into his house, straight into his bedroom. Susie didn't even have time to take in her surroundings before Troy's mouth was on hers again. His hands pulling at her shirt to gain access to her large breasts. He pulled his mouth from hers and pulled her shirt over her head. He stopped to look at the beauty of those tits he had just revealed before he pushed her back on his bed and started licking them. He ran his tongue over her nipples, savouring their stiffening peaks. 'They taste so sweet' he thought. He sucked her breasts, each in turn. Susie was getting wetter and wetter as he devoured her cleavage. He licked his way up her neck and sunk his teeth into her tender skin. She cried out in pleasure. "Yes, scream for me" he growled into her ear before biting her nipples each in turn. 

While Troy sucked her breasts he worked his hand under her skirt. He could feel her heat and her moistness. He rubbed her clit, and then brought his fingers to his mouth to taste her. She tasted so sweet. He couldn't wait till he could taste her sweet pussy but for now, he was savouring her large breasts. He rubbed her clit again, scooping her juices before placing his fingers in her mouth so she could taste herself. She sucked his fingers hard, moaning at how much she enjoyed tasting herself. "Hmm... she will be receptive to the fun later", he thought to himself.

Troy pulled away from her breasts, playfully biting her neck again before moving down to remove those soaking wet panties. She could keep her heels and skirt on for now. They were hot. "Stand up," he said huskily to her. He had a lump in his throat, he was so turned on by her. She had brains, she was curvy, she was confident, and she was HOT! No girl had ever turned him on like this before, and he wasn't sure if any girl ever would again.

Susie stood in front of Troy, her breasts hanging there for him to see, her juices running so much that she could feel them running down the inside of her thighs. She was horny and he was going to pleasure her and satisfy her need for this. Troy drank in the sight of her. Those round large breasts, a generous handful even for him, the short skirt that didn't cover much, and those heels that made her legs look long and sexy. He felt like he was drooling. The look of lust in his eyes made Susie shiver.

Troy knelt down in front of her, his face level with her pussy. Susie shivered in anticipation. He grabbed her buttocks pulling her pussy to his face. He kissed her through her skirt, squeezing her buttocks firmly. Susie reached down and raised her skirt over Troy's head. His lips were in direct contact with hers. He licked her clit from top to bottom and back up again.

Troy sucked her clit, nipping it with his teeth before plunging his tongue deep inside her pussy. Susie was amazed at how it made her feel while he devoured her pussy. She was getting wetter and closer to an orgasm the more he ate her. Skilfully, he worked his tongue around her pussy, nipping at the inside of her thighs before licking the sweet juices from her slit. She was getting closer, he could feel her muscles tensing. He nipped at her clit again before sucking it deep in his mouth. This pushed her over the edge and her cum ran all over his face. He lapped it all up while she trembled. He held her up with his hands on her buttocks still squeezing them, still pressing her pussy against his mouth. He lapped at her juices streaming from her slit. 

Susie's legs felt like they were going to give out from underneath her. She had never cum like this before. Nobody had ever eaten her pussy to make her cum like that. Troy moved from his knees to stand in front of her. He slid her skirt down her legs so that she now stood in front of him in just her heels. His cock was straining to escape his pants. Susie could see the tent in his pants, so she reached down and unzipped him. His cock popped out as soon as she had unzipped him. She pulled his shirt over his head and slid her hands over his body. She slid her hands down and pushed his pants and boxers off in one movement before reaching down and running her hand along his shaft. Just her touch was almost enough for him to cum there and then but he growled and held it back. He wanted to enjoy this. It took a lot of willpower for him not to cum yet. 'Get yourself under control man!' he yelled at himself in his head.

Susie knelt down in front of Troy pushing him back to sit on the bed. She wasn't tall enough to have him stand while she did what she was planning. She ran her hands along his shaft again and this time brought her hand to rest cradling his balls. Troy involuntarily growled. 'This feels so good.' Susie brought her mouth to his tip before she flicked her tongue across it. She ran her tongue along his shaft before returning to the tip. She rolled his balls in her hand as she took the tip of his cock into her mouth. Troy growled deep and low watching her take him into her sweet delicious mouth. 'Mmm...'

Susie sucked Troy's cock deep down her throat before pulling back from him. She sunk her teeth playfully into his tip before sucking him into her mouth again. "Oh yes baby, just like that." She played with her tongue along his shaft. Troy intertwined his fingers into her hair as she bobbed her head along his shaft. She pressed her nail between his balls in the tender spot there while she continued to suck him deeper and deeper into her throat. Troy didn't know how long he could take this. He could feel his cum building and getting ready to explode. He fought through the fog and asked her if she wanted it in her mouth or over her breasts. She indicated her breasts so he pulled out of her mouth just as he erupted. His cum went all over her large breasts and face. She smiled and collected some of his cum on her finger before placing it in her mouth. "Mmmmm... delicious" she said scandalously. Troy groaned. 'This is going to be a good night' he thought.

Troy was still hard so he decided it was time for him to work on her again. He lifted her off the floor and laid her back on the bed. He was going to make her cum again and again before he would take that sweet pussy and pound it hard with his cock.

Troy licked her sweet pussy once to start her juices flowing again. He slid two fingers into her pussy rubbing her clit with his thumb. Susie pressed her pussy up against his hand. Susie grabbed her breasts, pressing them together, playing with her nipples. This made Troy even harder. 'How is she so hot in every move she's making?' Troy leant down and sucked on her breasts while he inserted another finger deep into her pussy. Susie groaned, thrusting harder against his hand. "Fill my pussy" she pleaded with him.

At her request Troy pulled his fingers out, leaving Susie pouting. 'That pout is sooo sexy. Does she know how sexy she really is?' Troy curled his fingers into a fist and worked it deep inside Susie's pussy. She groaned and moaned as he eased his fist in, allowing her muscles the time to adjust. She had never felt so full. Once she had adjusted, he started moving his fingers inside her while pulling his fist in and out. She could feel herself building again, it was going to be stronger this time. Troy sucked her breasts before placing his tongue against her clit as she was about to erupt into her second orgasm of the night. He pushed deeper and deeper. She could feel her muscles tensing ready to erupt. 

Troy felt her muscles grip tighter around his wrist and fist. She was cumming again. He was enjoying this. While Susie orgasmed, he continued to pound her with his fist. He was going to make this orgasm last. He was going to make her plead for him to stop. He placed his finger against her clit and rubbed as he pounded her. Susie screamed out in pleasure, gripping the sheet of his bed.

Troy eased his hand out of her pussy and flipped her over. He was going to enjoy the next orgasm. He had her on her hands and knees, gripping the bars of his headboard. He spread her legs apart so that she was low against the bed. He slid his head beneath her pussy, causing her to sit on his face. He licked her sweet juices and devoured her pussy. 'The wetter she is, the sweeter she tastes.' Susie rocked her pussy against his mouth, her cum coating his face from nose to chin. Troy reached up and grabbed her buttocks squeezing hard before he slipped his fingers inside her tight hole. While he ate her pussy, he pounded her anally with his fingers. He started with one finger and as her muscles relaxed he added another finger.

Susie jumped when he first pushed his fingers into her anally but after she relaxed and he steadily increased the speed and the pressure she could feel another orgasm building quickly. Troy was relentless in pounding her while he ate her pussy voraciously. Susie's cum was gushing all over Troy's face now. Susie couldn't hold back any longer. She orgasmed hard ramming her pussy harder against his mouth.

Troy pulled out from under her, fingers still insider her. He flexed his fingers within that tight, tight hole. He was going to take that hole at some point tonight and he was going to enjoy every minute of it. Susie's groans were encouragement that was for sure but that pleasure would be for later.

Troy grabbed a condom from his bedside table. It was time for him to pound her sweet, tight pussy. He flipped her over again and could see the longing in Susie's eyes as he bent down to kiss her. He shoved his tongue deep in her mouth and shared the taste of her with her. She groaned into his mouth and lapped at the juices around his mouth with her tongue. She was hungry for the taste of sex that came from those juices.

Troy grabbed Susie's breasts, pulling the nipples into his mouth. He sucked them hard causing her to cry out in pleasure. She arched her arch back pressing them more into his mouth.

Troy sheathed himself with the condom before he spread her legs wide, moving between them. Susie was so wet. He slid deep inside her soaking wet pussy. Susie had never been filled so much before by such a huge cock. Troy was really hung.

Troy started slowly pushing into Susie and pulling out. As her muscles adjusted to his size, he increased the depth, the speed and the force. He was pounding her harder and harder. She was moaning louder and louder. The scream inside her building more and more with every push. Troy drove harder and harder. He could feel the orgasm building again for both of them. "Drill me" Susie cried out. Troy obliged, driving harder and deeper. "Yes, yes, yes," she screamed.

Susie reached up and started to rub Troy's nipples. His nipples were standing up at attention as she ran her fingers over them. This caused Troy to grow even more within her. She couldn't believe how big he was to start with but now to have him increase in size within her was incredible. Susie was close to cumming and she could feel him getting close too. She pulled on his nipples and suddenly she felt his eruption deep within her as her muscles tightened around him, trying to milk him of all his cum. 

Troy and Susie collapsed in exhaustion. Sweat drying on their skin as they lay there dozing before they realised what was happening. They hadn't meant to fall asleep.

An hour later, there was a knock on Troy's bedroom door. This startled Susie out of her sleep because she didn't know that there was anyone else in the place. She felt embarrassed because they had been so loud during their sex earlier. Had this other person heard them? Troy rolled over and called out "Come in". Susie pulled the sheet up over her naked body, having not expected anyone else to see her naked.

A gorgeous redhead, wearing just a t-shirt and underwear poked her head around the door. "Hey Rachel", Troy said seemingly unfazed. "What is happening in here?" she asked curiously eyeing Susie. "This is Susie, she is hot and sexy and so amazing in bed. Susie, this is Rachel, my roommate." The girls smile at each other, Susie shyly, Rachel beaming with a lust in her eyes.

Rachel entered the room. Her shirt apparently not covering much of her underwear either, if you could call what she was wearing underwear. "Don't be shy Susie, Troy and I share everything" she says as she pulls the sheet down Susie's body. Susie isn't sure about this but tonight was all about adventure for her, wasn't it.

Susie watches as Rachel brushes her fingers over Troy's cock, never taking her eyes off Susie's body. Susie shivers. Where was this going to lead?

Rachel whispers in Troy's ear looking at Susie, at which point Troy nods his head. Both of them turn towards Susie with the same look of want in their eyes. Troy removes Rachel's shirt revealing large perky breasts, only slightly smaller than Susie's but not by much. Susie looks from Rachel's tits to her own and back again, licking her lip nervously.
