 Suzanna sank into the hot, steamy bathtub; her young naked body became immersed in the water. She lay her head on the back rest and began to enjoy the feeling of relaxation setting in as the hot water covered her bare breasts that sat half in the water with her puffy nipples fully erect and pointing towards the ceiling. 

Soon, she began to rub her tummy, up to her nipples before caressing back down to her soft shaven pubic region. She gently began to rub two fingers through the short brown hair and over her clit before parting her legs slightly and opening her sweet pussy to the warmth of the water. 

Suzanna was aware that her solo play was just the beginning. She and her boyfriend currently had builders working on the house and she had asked them to have a look at the bath as it was 'leaking'. 

Suddenly there was a knock on the door. Suzanna climbed out of the bath and grabbed a towel to hide her dignity. Opening the door, she was greeted by the sight of the two builders -- Jon and Sam. 

"What seems to be the problem?" Jon asked, stepping forward into the doorway. 

Suzanna suddenly hit reality for a brief second as she contemplated her plan, perhaps a doubt was in her mind. She stepped back from the doorway but Jon followed her into the room watching her every move. 

Then she did it, Suzanna dropped her towel, perhaps on purpose but she was now stood totally naked in front of the builders. She blushed; knowing her naked body had been exposed and they were now transfixed. She rubbed her hands slowly over her bare breasts and down onto her toned stomach. 

Another doubt dropped into her mind as she felt the urge to end it all there and then. 

She stared at Jon, he was very attractive, and at least 10 years her elder but she had longed to feel his strong hands on her tiny body since they had arrived three days ago. Without leave, the two men stepped further into the bathroom blocking any means of an exit. 

Sam moved to her left side and Jon homed in from the right, both eager to touch her naked body. They adored her young tender body, standing at 4ft6 and slim, ample rounded butt and small pert breasts; this little redhead was clearly for the taking. She was physically dwarfed by their muscular bodies, both over 6ft. 

"I shouldn't do this..." She thought about her boyfriend and pleaded with her admirers.

The doubt was now fully in her mind as Jon moved closer, placing his left hand onto her lower back as his other hand began to stroke along her chin line. Suzanna stared deeply into his eyes as his hand dropped lower and onto her naked, fleshy bum. 

"Don't tease now Suzanna..." he whispered as his hand grasped her sexy ass. "This is your own doing."

Suddenly he pulled her face to his and she allowed herself to be kissed. Their lips met in a hard embrace and she found her mouth open and her tongue slip against his as they began to kiss quicker. 

Her knees buckled and Jon lifted her into his arms where they continued to make out as his hands began to explore her naked body, clasping her fleshy ass cheeks as they kissed. 

Jon expertly slipped a hand between her open legs and used his fore and middle finger to caress her clit before slipping them into her wet pussy, hitting a soft rhythm over her g-spot. This continued for several minutes as Suzanna felt an orgasm build, then; as it hit, Jon removed his hand and watched as she squirmed on the edge but unable to hit the climax.

"You bastard... I want it so bad" Suzanna pleaded as she gasped for breath. 

Jon laughed and planted his lips onto hers. Then he began to walk out of the bathroom and towards the bedroom she shared with her boyfriend. 

Suzanna now found herself sat on the double bed, naked and exposed with Jon and Sam sat either side of her. They both began to kiss her bare skin, taking turns to share a passionate kiss before returning their lips to her soft neck, chest and breasts. 

Sam circled his tongue around her nipple as he gently grasped at her breast before dropping his hand over her flat tummy and onto her thigh. He moved his lips to hers and as they began to kiss, Suzanna shocked herself by opening her legs and allowing him to touch her moist private area. 

Sam rubbed her little clit and began to stimulate her innocent pussy. Within seconds, Suzanna opened her legs wider and felt Sam slip a finger into her wet vagina. Jon now replaced Sam on her clit; her breathing intensified as she became hornier -- being lustfully pleasured by two men she barely knew. 

With every fleeting moment the scene became more sordid and fueled by sheer lust as Jon and Sam removed their jeans and boxers. Suzanna grasped a cock in each hand as she continued to make out with each man in turn as they stimulated her tight, wet pussy.  Suzanna soon felt the need for more and dropped to the floor, kneeling and staring at her men. They both stood and pushed their swollen cocks into her eye line. Without a care, she instantly slipped her little mouth onto the end of Jon's shaft; it was fully erect, at least 8 inches and very thick with veins and ridges clear up and down the entire length. 

As she sucked Jon's dick; her other hand began to coax Sam into a full erection before turning her greedy oral attention to him.

The end was now much more swollen and tasted very salty as she slipped her young mouth over it. She could her Sam moan as her tongue and lips dropped down the length. He began to physically throb in her mouth and he was now beginning to swell to full size. 

Suzanna took as much into her mouth as possible, whilst looking up at him. Then she pulled out and began to stare in amazement at the huge cock in her hand, standing proud at a fat 9 inches. Barely able to hold it in one small hand, her fingers only just touched. She forcefully ran her hand from the base to tip, squeezing out a drop of precum. 

"Wow..." Suzanna smiled.

She licked the end before forcing her sweet lips back over his end, it was now oozing more precum and continued to throb -- the blood racing through it causing a deep pulse that Suzanna could feel against her tongue. 

She sucked hard, pushing the shaft into her mouth and willing it deeper. His thick swollen end hit the back of her throat as she began to gag, her mouth filled with saliva that covered him and began to drip down his length.

She skilfully removed his dick from her mouth before running her tongue over his deep purple, salty end and down until her lips met his balls which she licked and kissed whilst staring back up, deep into his eyes. 

At this moment, Suzanna felt her body lifted and placed on all fours on the bed. Jon knelt behind her, his hard penis now resting on her lower back as he began to cup his hands onto her defined hips, pulling her back and kissing her neck and shoulders. Sam climbed onto the bed and stood above her, his cock inches from her mouth.

It was at this moment that Suzanna realised the whole affair was now visible from the full length mirror to her left. She was knelt at the feet of Sam who was now holding her small head against his groin as his cock slipped over her lips. Jon was beginning to move her naked little body to accept his bare shaft. She could see his swollen cock run down her lower back, over her ass cheeks and finally it happened...

Jon's dick was wet, but her pussy was wetter -- she could feel them being pushed together and it was only a matter of seconds before he stripped her of any ounce of innocence. 

Suzanna gripped Sam's cock as Jon held her hips pulling her tiny frame back against him. She could feel his slippery and swollen end pushing into her little pussy as he began to violate her gushing hole -- this was it, she arched her back and began to push back, loving every sordid moment. 

Instantly, Jon thrust into her and sent Suzanna over the edge. His big bare dick broke the grip of her pussy and it finally slipped into her. With that one thrust Jon had forced his cock deeper than any other she had ever felt. She looked in the mirror as he began to slam his hips against her bare ass. He was in her, that big cock was deep in her tight pussy -- she knew there was no turning back. 

Then, Jon raised his body to mount his little slut and she was now being fucked hard and deep as she desperately licked and sucked on Sam's shaft. Jon didn't hold back and slammed his whole weight into Suzanna's tiny frame that was now clinging to Sam's legs as she felt her pussy hit with wave after wave of lustful sensation, she could feel every ridge of his bare dick as it slipped from shallow to full penetration. 

Suddenly, his thick shaft slipped out and Suzanna felt her pussy slowly spring back into shape. She looked in the mirror and noticed Jon was stepping aside. In an instant she greedily pulled Sam down onto the bed; he seemed to have the same idea and quickly they became entwined on the bed kissing as his big shaft began to rub over her pussy. 

Then he thrust into her, slamming his body against hers as they began to stare into each other's eyes. His dick slipped in deep and soon they were in motion as she spread her legs allowing him to fuck her hard. She could feel his swollen cock stretch her wider than ever and began to feel his end rub against her cervix -- as deep as it could go. 

Sam then pulled Suzanna up onto him so she was now on top. Jon knelt behind her and began kissing her neck, rubbing her clit and whispering filthy words into her ear as she rode Sam to a deep climax. 

"Ride him harder, that's never going to make him spurt". He teased. 

She was eager to prove him wrong, Sam was going to cum if it was the last thing she did. Her pussy tightened as she increased her grip on his bare shaft and slamming her little ass onto his lap as Jon continued to rub her clit and mock her. 

Sam finally took control and grasped her tight ass with each hand, pulling her forwards and making his swollen cock slip over her g spot repeatedly -- she felt it deep inside, the orgasm building at a stunning rate.

She tightened further on his dick and began to let out a series of short, sharp moans as the orgasm shot up her spine from deep inside her vagina. A final glance in the mirror revealed her utter, shameful lust as her orgasm finally peaked and she gushed all over Sam's dick as he thrust into her from beneath. 

Sam was in full control and Jon now stood over her as he rubbed his dick over her lips. Sam was planted deep inside her as he began to climax -- Suzanna attempted to force him to withdraw but her body was held in place. 

"Don't cum in me..." She pleaded but deep down knew it was now inevitable. 

Her tiny body was fully impaled on Sam's big dick as Jon pushed her down using a hand to push his own cock to climax. She bucked and felt a second orgasm hit as Sam threw his head back against the bed, grasping her tight ass and allowing his load to flow. 

Suzanna felt his cock pulse as he spurted warm cum into her; his sperm was flowing into her as she rocked from a second intense orgasm. She felt liberated and suddenly began to suck hard on Jon's dick as he hit his own climax. 

Suddenly Suzanna felt his sperm shoot into her mouth as she sucked like a pro, using her hand to force him to moan.

Then it was over. Sam and Jon left her on the bed. Suzanna looked at herself in the mirror, smiling and exhausted, but thrilled that her little plan had worked. Her boyfriend would be home any time to find her sprawled naked and used on the bed covered in sperm ready to be explored once again...