 Hi. My name is Kaitlyn Daniels. Susie let me read some of her stories and I wanted to tell about me and swinging with Judy and April and Elliot. She said sure and asked me to kind of write an outline. Then she said the outline was so complete maybe I could fill it in so I did.

I thought she could write a story from the outline but she wanted to use my words so OK here they are. Susie, edit this please. [I didn't edit it much -- Susie] Susie always got A's in English without hardly trying. I had to work hard to get Bs and sometimes ended up with Cs

 Background

I knew Susie since I started middle school right after my mom and dad divorced. She's been my best friend. I set her up with my brother Corey and now their engaged. They have sex a lot. My dad's rich and owns a mansion. I almost dont remember that I lived in that mansion once before the divorce.

My mom spent a lot of time before and after the divorce telling me things about why they divorced and making sure I knew it wasn't my fault. One thing she always tells me is that she didn't like the mansion and now we live pretty much middle class lives in a middle class area of town.

Anyway Susie and Corey spend a lot of time in the mansion guest house. My dad lets them use it for sex and they spend most of their time naked, swimming in the pool and having sex. Sometimes I go there and I swim naked too but don't have sex. Well I do have sex but not at the mansion. My dad and his live in girl, Marianne also go naked. Its almost like a nudist colony. Sometimes Corey and Susie invite friends over and they go naked too.

I'm kind of overweight. Susie says I have an hourglass figure but that's only because I have a big chest with big breasts and big hips and big thighs but a narrow waist with a tummy bulge. Susie's always been petite and gorgeous even though she has smallish breasts that were late in developing.

Anyway we always hung out together in middle school and high school and in high school we also hung out with April, Judy and Brittany. We did homework together at Judy's and had our first sexual experiences with boys there. We invited boys over and had sex with them. One of the boys tattled and Judys parents ended that.

I kept having sex with one of the boys, Johnny. He was a sex expert. Johnny was real smart and good in school. He told me how his mom had handed him a book about sex when he was nearing puberty and he was fascinated with the subject. He would sneak books about sex out of the library and book store since he was too young to buy them or check them out. He said he always left 20 or so dollars behind to pay for the books.

Anyway he got his next door neighbor girl to help him explore the issue and then he got the girl's older sister and her boyfriends to demonstrate and he used what he had learned from the books to see what the girls and guys liked. I guess she brought some girlfriends over too. Anyway he pretty much knew everything there was to know about women and how to please them physically. He didn't ask girls for sex, they asked him.

My mom was pretty easy about sex and let me have Johnny over to fuck me in my bedroom as long as I took the pill and he used a condom. One thing about Johnny was that he pleased me every time. Like I said -- he was an expert. I even had him tell Corey how to please Susie since she was his first. I wanted the best for my best friend. Oh, I forgot to tell you that I arranged for Corey and Susie to get together, mostly for sex. I like my brother and he had been pining for Susie since we first moved here and I began hanging out with her. I had promised him he could come to one of our sex parties at Judys but those were shut down before he could go. Anyway Susie was now sexually active and I knew Corey wanted her and so I got them together and had Johnny teach Corey how to please Susie and he sure did and now their engaged but they like to call it a betrothal because they got their parents to agree to it.

I assumed my dad would get upset if he knew I was having sex but Corey arranged for him and Susie to use the mansion guest house for sex and then they started doing everything naked and I think my dad started getting different ideas. His attitude about Susie sure changed. At first he acted like she was just Coreys mistress but then he really started liking her. He's even paying for her to be a doctor. He pays for me and Coreys school too. I'm at community college because of my grades and because I wanted to be around my friends.

I think Susie started the naked swimming too and he went along and didn't mind me being naked with boys there. Anyway I wanted to have Susie's 19th birthday party at the mansion and worked with him to arrange it. I was surprised that when I proposed a sleepover with our good high school friends he said that Susie would want Corey there and so the other girls should also be allowed to bring boys. You mean me too? I asked him and he said yes.

Well, Johnny had brushed me off just before that so I didn't have a regular guy. I think I had been gaining weight and Johnny has lots of girls asking him for sex. Anyway Susie suggested I go out with some of Coreys friends. I always looked on them as a bunch of geeks and they weren't great physical specimens. Remember I've seen them naked at the mansion pool.

 Sleepover

Some of them had asked me out at one time or another when they were in high school but I always turned them down. One guy really interested me though, that was Elliot. At the pool sometimes his dick would get big and when it did it grew a huge beet red tip. It was almost scary the way it looked like it was so full of blood it would pop. Anyway the red tip was supported by a pale thin shaft. I would guess the tip was almost two inches across and the shaft only an inch across. It may have been scary but it also attracted me. Every time I saw it I wondered what it would feel like inside.

Elliot had been one of the guys who had asked me out a couple of times in high school and he was always a gentleman about my refusal. I decided to get together with him and asked him out a couple of times. Then when my dad suggested we have guys for the sleepover I knew it would be my chance to try out Elliots lollipop.

At the sleepover we found out that Judy and Preston (her fiance) were swingers and went to swingers partys. Then us girls started getting together for lunch once a week and I found out that April and her boyfriend had gone to a swingers party with Judy and Preston. They didn't like the party a lot but it interested me. Then they said that as a result of the party they had gotten invitations for a two on two with other couples. When I sounded interested Judy invited Elliot and me to a two on two with her and so did April and we discussed a three way too.

Susies so stuck on Corey that she wasn't interested. Corey has a huge dick and I think that's part of it. She doesn't want to share. Anyway Corey's dick is so thick that it wouldn't fit inside Judy. I forgot to mention that Judy got all us girls to try out all of the guys dicks at the sleepover. They made me try out my brother and I thought it was too tight and uncomfortable.

Oh, the sex with Elliot is fabulous. I call his dick Magic Richard because of the way the ball of his dick seems to stroke inside me without any attachment to anything when he fucks me. Its like he's moving it with some kind of ESP or something and its so big that I feel its every movement. Another thing about Elliot is that he's real sensitive. He comes real quick when the red ball (I like to call it his beet) is stimulated. That might seem like a bad thing but he's so sensitive that he keeps it up afterwards and once he's shot his wad he can go for hours without any hint of limpness. Now I always suck him off first and then we go at it. Oh, his semen tastes good too. I dont know what it is. Susie says it tastes like pumkin but its more nutty to me -- maybe pumkin seeds. Maybe its because his favorite snack is sunflower seeds. Oh, now I have Elliot in my bedroom and my mom tells me to keep it down. I guess I make a lot of noise when he fucks me. I don't notice I just enjoy myself and Magic Richard.

I know April and Judy want to share because of Elliot. They want his beet too.

Anyway we made arrangements to meet at Judys apartment for sex. Elliot was easy to convince. Hes only ever had sex with me and with Sally who was kind of a geek girl in high school. Elliot says she was a sex addict and had sex with most of the geek guys. I wonder if she had sex with Corey. I always thought Susie was his first.

What can I say. It was obvious that Judy and April enjoyed themselves with Elliot. Before we met them I sucked him off and swallowed all of his tasty cum so he could be free to fuck away. He enjoyed himself too. He said that Judy was real tight and he came again while he was fucking her. I think that was kind of a first for him to come in the middle of a fuck instead of right at the beginning.

Well, I didn't enjoy myself that much. Neither Preston nor Aprils boyfriend Chris were very skilled and Preston has a tiny dick that I didn't feel much. I will say that he has a hard body which he must shave to keep it so smooth and hairless but I don't find that as sexually stimulating as other girls maybe do. Anyway he mostly pleases himself with his dick while flexing his muscles I guess in the belief that girls like that. Chris has a bigger dick that at least feels good inside while hes fucking but he really doesn't know what to do with it besides move it in and out. I know why April is usually on top. It lets her control things for her pleasure.

Both of them came inside me with a bunch of grunting but then I afterwards I needed Elliot to get me off. I should mention that Elliot and most of Corey's friends had been educated in techniques by Corey and Susie. Of course Corey had been instructed by Johnny and was smart enough to educate himself beyond Johnnys instruction. Anyway not only does Elliot have Magic Richard he also knows what to do with him and where to position him. Johnny used me as an example when he taught Corey and I know most of it is being aware of what the girl likes. Elliot talks to me, listens to what I tell him and watches my reactions. Neither Preston or Elliot do any of that they just push in and then start moving in and out. Not that that can't be pleasurable it just doesn't get me to come.

 Party Plans

Well, I didn't tell Judy and April I wasn't satisfied by their guys but I was still interested in this swinging stuff. Much as I liked having Magic Richard administer to my inner being I wanted to try out other guys. I could tell Elliot was interested in other women too. I didn't think either of us really felt committed to each other. We were just sexual partners of convenience. I didn't even think of us as friends with benefits, more like good acquaintances with benefits.

Anyway I talked some more with Judy and suggested a swingers party at my dads place not even knowing if he would approve. She said it was unusual for a new member to host a party but looked into it. The other members were excited by her descriptions of the mansion and hot tub and pool so I gathered up my courage and approached my father.

I didn't exactly reveal it was a swingers party I just asked if I could have a party. Ok I didn't say anything about it being a swingers party but I made it clear we would need places for guests to have sex. My father didn't like the idea of semen all over the place and set down some strict rules. I had to supply clean sheets and remove them afterwards. He said I should burn them. I think it was a joke but maybe not.

I also had to pay for his cleaning company to come in and perform a complete cleaning of every room I used. He gave me date in the early summer when he and Marianne would be away for a week. He said we could use any part of the mansion except his and Mariannes master suite, the kitchen and the two upstairs bedrooms which they used for storage space. That left two upstairs bedrooms, the theater, the parlor/library, the ballroom and the two bedroom guest house. I had to tell Corey and Susie they couldn't use the guest house but I invited them to attend. They refused.

Judy and I planned everything. We charged more than the usual amount to cover the cleaning and she invited both of the swingers clubs they were involved with. We decided to play pornographic videos in the theater and replaced the seating with several air mattresses and pillows. Judy got a selection of videos from some of the members she knew were into porn. More air matresses in the ballroom would be for individual swapping arrangements.

Judy liked a game they called musical cunts. That involved playing music while the guys walked around the women arrayed on the floor, legs spread. When the music stopped the guys would try for their favorite nearby pussy. No eliminations just the possibility of getting your favorite or less favorite woman. There was also a musical cocks version and cocks and cunts where the men and women alternated. The mansion had a fabulous sound system that could actually randomly play and stop the music without human intervention. The system was in the theater and also had controls in the ballroom. I talked to my father and he showed me how I could direct all the music to the library/parlor without disturbing the sound for videos playing in the theater or disturbing the fucking going on in the ballroom. Of course I didn't tell him thats what would be going on in the ballroom.

I was amazed at the game possibilities. Most of them were variations on non-sexual games, many of them childrens games like poke the penis in the pussy derived from pin the tail on the donkey where guys and gals were blindfolded or put in a completely dark room and groped around until the objective stated in the title was reached. Judy said spin the bottle was popular where the spinner and designated person didn't just kiss or make out briefly in a closet. And there were poker variations with the stakes being various sexual activities or positions. Judy pointed out that poker was a bit different when people wanted to lose.

She said there should be an open offer area where couples could lie down and allow anyone who wanted to fuck them. The bedrooms seemed too small so we decided to use the guest house living room for that.

I wanted to do something with the pool or hot tub. Judy said that pools and hot tubs were usually kept off limits mostly because everyone spent time there if they weren't. She also said we shouldn't have too many games since we wanted several couples doing each. I had an idea and Judy fleshed it out. We would do a Marco Polo poke the pussy game in the pool. She called it marco pussy. The guys would yell out "Marco" and the women would answer "pussy". They would swim around in the dark to find each other. It's real dark in the pool if the lights are kept out especially if the lights are dimmed in the ballroom.

Since it would be a couple of months before the date for the party came up Judy suggested that Elliot and I should attend one of the swinger parties so I know what to expect. Elliot liked the idea so I went to get the doctor certificate that I am free of sexual diseases and the test came back saying I had both Gonorrhea and Chlamydia. Johnny probably gave them to me. Elliot came back positive for Gonorrhea maybe I had infected him or maybe he infected me from Sally. And Susie and Corey and Judy and Preston and April and Chris all needed to be tested too. If Judy, Preston, April or Chris tested positive then the entire swapping club would need to be tested. Judy said I should forget about the party if that happened, they would be too angry with me.

Well thankfully they tested negative but me and Elliot needed to get the antibiotic shots and wait a couple of months and be retested before the swapping club would accept me. I guess Susie was right when she said I shouldn't be having sex with Johnny. Oh, I had to tell him too. I think he had a couple of other diseases as well. He had to tell all the girls he had been with and his days of free wheeling sex are over. but I guess some women will still risk a disease for the orgasms. Lucky for him all the diseases he had were treatable. no AIDS. I'm surprised at that but if he had had it I might too. Later they arrested him because some of the girls he had sex with and infected were only 13 or 14. They had asked him for sex but that didn't matter.

Maybe I'll start asking my sex partners for proof they are clean just like the swingers club. Anyway I didn't get to any of their partys, mine was the first I attended.

 Party

We had a couple of days after my dad and Marianne left on their trip to get ready. The swingers clubs had bunches of pillows and air matresses and sheets so I didn't need to buy anything extra. I locked the bedrooms, they would be off limits. Preston suggested we make lighted paths to the swimming pool and hot tub since the lights would be out. He taped down some holiday light strings.

The day came and Judy and me and Preston and Elliot waited for the guests. They started arriving about a quarter hour early and we all sat on the air mattresses in the ball room. There were maybe twenty couples, all over thirty and some in their sixties. 

Since Elliot and me were new, Judy introduced us as the hosts. I had an idea I had suggested to Judy. I asked for everyone's attention, telling them there was something I wanted them to see. Elliot stripped and I began giving him a blow job. When he removed his underwear his dick was just beginning to lengthen. As I licked and kissed at his cock it began to lengthen and then swell along its length. Elliots cock grows kind of like blowing up one of those long balloons. First it lengthens and then the shaft expands starting at the base. The expansion moves up to the tip and at that point it looks fully erect and the shaft is hard as rock. Then the tip pushes out of his foreskin (Elliot isn't circumcised) and starts growing and reddening until its rock hard and beet red.

The women all gasped and some hid their faces as the tip began to change color and bulge. I kept sucking away and Elliot came. I had a small bowl to catch his cum. Some of the women complained that I had "ruined" him. They were used to guys who went limp after comming but I showed them that Elliot stayed hard as ever. I stuck my finger into the bowl and handed it to one of the women to pass around. "Try it," I told them as I sucked my finger.

That was a hit, most of the women had their partners taste it too. I could see Elliots face and shoulders redden from embarassment but he was a hit.

I undressed and we went around letting the guys and gals feel us. Almost every guy and several of the women finger fucked me and sucked their fingers after I left them. After that I was almost ready to come.

Then I described the areas we had set up and some of the rules, like no going upstairs. Then I turned off the outdoor lights and dimmed the lights in the ballroom. Everyone removed their clothes and the evening began in earnest.

 Porn Theater

Judy told us that the hosts were expected to visit each of the rooms during the party. We started with the porn films in the home theater. There were only two couples in there and each was trying out the positions shown on the films. I assumed they had swapped and wasn't sure what to do. One of the guys noticed us and immediately called out to me, "Need a partner?"

He pulled out of the woman he was with and gestured toward us for her. Her eyes brightened she smiled at Elliot and gestured him over to her, spreading her legs wide.

The man was maybe fifty but well built with gray hair on his body as well as his head. His erect 7 inch cock bounced as he approached me.
