 My name is Susie O'Connell. I am 18 and have just started my studies at Community College. My boyfriend, Corey, is 20 and a Junior at Caltech. I am planning to go to medical school and become a Gynecologist. But I didn't take enough science classes in high school and am doing mostly "catch-up" my first semester of college.

Corey is my best friend, Kaitlyn's brother. I knew him for several years but we became boyfriend and girlfriend and had sex for the first time just last summer. Corey's parents are divorced and his father lives in a mansion with a pool and guest house. At Corey's request he offered the guest house to us as a 'trysting place' unless he needed it for business guests (which was almost never).

I used the guest house and pool, where we usually swim nude, to introduce Corey's friends to some girls. All of us were naked at the time. My parents were upset when they found out but I think I helped Corey's friends. I thank Howard for telling about his experiences with Trish and Colleen as a result of my actions and for letting me include them here.

During the summer I worked as a hostess at a coffee house and saw Corey almost every day. We had sex at the guest house every Saturday and sometimes during the week. When school started Corey came home most weekends so we continued to have sex but his schoolwork prevented us from spending much time together. It's over an hour drive to CalTech on weekdays and Corey needed almost all of his time for studies so we didn't see each other much.

I really needed to work in order to have money for medical school but the coffee shop's busy hours conflicted with daytime class schedules. They offered me a waitress job in the evening and I took it even though it meant working weekends and seeing Corey only during the day.

Corey and his friends were involved with Radio Controlled airplanes and met on Saturdays to fly them. I always came along and Corey and I had sex afterwards. With my job I could still watch them fly but I had to work right after so we went to the guest house and swam and had sex on Sundays.

Corey's friends were working on a huge model B-17 and I helped out with Corey during the summer. During school, I was free on Wednesday afternoon and helped out even though Corey was at school.

When the B-17 was finished, Corey invited everyone over to his father's house for swimming and pizza after the maiden flight. I got another waitress to sub for me so I could attend.

Howard described the less than fully successful maiden flight and the beautiful performance his girlfriend, Colleen, put on for everyone. I should mention that Colleen's ability to work with small parts probably helped get the B-17 finished a couple of weeks early.



The Pool Party

The pool at Corey's father's house is "clothing optional" which really means "clothing discouraged" so everyone was in the pool or sunning themselves naked.

Everyone was playing games in the pool and doing some diving. The guys with girlfriends would often spend time with them sunbathing or in the hot tub where a lot of touching of private parts took place. A couple of times some of the girls would start some intense teasing and flirting with all the boys.

I am kind of an exhibitionist. Well, I started feeling really 'horny' and started showing off my private parts.

I would lay on the end of the diving board with my legs spread and my butt hanging over so anyone under the board could look. Guys would swim over to look and I would wiggle my behind a bit. Sometimes I would pull my labia apart so they could look inside a bit or stick a finger up my vagina. Corey knows I am only really interested in him so he just enjoyed the show.

A group of the guys got together and came under the board like they just wanted to look but as I started showing off they jumped up, grabbed my legs and pulled me into the pool. I came up and acted angry with them. I dove under water and pulled two of them under by tugging on their erect penises.

I swam away to the side of the pool, taunting them and they followed. As I started to climb out they pulled me back. I laughed and splashed at them, turning to climb out again. I wiggled my butt and was pulled back. I felt a thick finger, like a long thumb penetrate me and then realized that one of them had pulled me onto his cock. Corey's cock is really huge which is why I thought it was just a finger at first.

I quickly pulled myself off, not sure whether or not to be angry and ran from the pool. About four boys came after me and I took the garden hose, turned it on, and started spraying them. A couple of the girls also came to join in. I let the boys get to me and one of them took the hose away and started spraying the girls. The other boys gently wrestled the girls to the ground and the one with the hose poured water onto us.

One of the boys was on top of me with his cock in my face. He asked for the hose. His balls pushed against my mouth as he pushed the running hose up my vagina. I felt the cold water filling me up and expanding inside. With his fingers he clamped my labia around the end of the hose so water wouldn't come out. "Oh my gosh!" I yelled as the water filled me and then started squirting between his fingers. He let go and I felt the water come squirting out. "Oh my gosh!" I yelled again as I saw the water spraying the boys who were watching the activity around my twat intensely. The hose was passed to a boy with another of the girls as they let me up and I watched the hose go into her with his fingers holding her labia around it. "Ah! Ah! Ah!" she screamed and then "Oohh!" as the water came squirting out. "Do that again!" she demanded and the boys obliged.

"What's going on?" one of the girls who was still being held down asked and in reply, the hose was pushed inside her. Others from the pool were coming over to see what was going on and as the third girl to have the hose inserted yelled in pleasure all the girls started pushing in and saying, "Do me next! Do me next!" It was a madhouse as various boys attempted to get the hose and insert it in the girl closest to them. The girls were laying down with their legs spread and water was going everywhere, most directly from the hose but occasionally one of the guys would manage to get control of the hose and push it up a nearby vagina so the water would be spraying from the crotch of one girl or another. Then girls started grabbing the hose and pushing it up their own vagina or doing another girl. It was quite a scene.

I just stepped back and watched. Corey came over. I kissed him and said, "I am desperate to have you in me after this." He kissed back and moved me to the ground. To my surprise he grabbed the hose and pushed it into me! He kissed my tummy as my vagina filled and I moaned aloud. then he released his hold so the water squirted out again, releasing the pressure. Then he drank from my dripping cunt lapping at the folds and the clit.

As we rose I saw that other boys were imitating his action, filling girls with water so they could lap it up from their cunts. An orgy was beginning! One guy and girl were already going at it with him pumping hard into her. Then a girl stood above a guy who was laying below her as she filled herself. The water squirted out onto his face and she lowered herself onto his erect cock and began riding him. Some guys were masturbating as they watched.

Someone grabbed me from behind and, thinking it was Corey, I let him insert his cock. I immediately realized it was not as big as Corey's but knelt down, pushed back to get the cock all the way in and let him "do me" for a few strokes.

I felt him leave me and another entered. It kind of tickled to have these smaller cocks inside me and I forgot all about Corey until I heard him yelling, "What are you doing?" I saw his legs as he pushed whoever was in me away and then pulled me to my feet. "What are you doing?" he repeated softly with a look of anger.

I wasn't sure how to respond but managed a choked, "I'm sorry, I guess I just got caught up."

He pulled me to the hot tub where only Howard and Colleen were sitting. We passed two guys with one girl, one cock in her vagina, the other in her mouth. Corey told me to sit. I didn't like the tone but felt guilty and did as he asked. I watched as Corey went out to break up the orgy and send everyone home. Colleen was almost in tears. Her parents are quite protective and I'm sure she had never seen even videos of guys and gals having sex.

As everyone got ready to leave Corey told them they needed to control themselves in the future. He said that if another sexual orgy broke out he would cancel any future pool get togethers. Everyone was properly apologetic.



Clean Up

After they left, Corey came back. Colleen, Howard and I followed him to the the patio covered by pools of water and clots of semen. I sprayed the mess and washed as much as I could down the drain. That semen sure sticks to things! It didn't all wash away even with the power wash attachment on the hose. Corey, Howard, Colleen and I spend the next half hour on our hands and knees, still naked, scrubbing semen off of the patio. The unpleasant, musty odor of the stuff filled the air.

All the time we were cleaning up Corey said barely two words to me. When we finished I went over to him. Howard and Colleen disappeared without a word to us.

"Corey, what's wrong?" I asked.

"What's wrong?" he almost shouted. "You were letting those guys fuck you, that's 'what's wrong'."

"It was just in fun," I tried telling him. "It didn't mean anything, I couldn't even see who was doing it. It kind of tickled having those tiny cocks inside after being used to your 'beast'." I tried to laugh it off but knew that wouldn't satisfy him.

"Well, it meant something to me and I could see who was doing it. Shouldn't sex mean something? So you just want some internal 'tickle'?"

I didn't know what to say and he continued after a brief pause. "You were encouraging it. You started the whole thing and then were enjoying it! You wanted those other guys to fuck you!"

"Corey, no, I didn't really," I tried to explain. "I was just 'getting off' by showing myself to them. I really didn't expect it to go so far." I felt my throat drying and tears coming.

Gulping back the tears, I worked to overcome the dryness, "I didn't mean to have them sticking their cocks in me. I didn't expect that. I guess I wasn't thinking. I wouldn't intentionally do anything to hurt you, Corey. I wouldn't."

"I guess you weren't thinking all right," He responded. "You do a lot of 'not thinking' when it comes to sex. How do you think I would feel when I see a bunch of other guys fucking you. Fucking you, for God's sake!"

After pause he added quietly, "How would you feel if I had been one of the guys fucking the other girls."

He walked slowly away toward the guest house. I stood there in thought. I wouldn't have liked it if he had been working on the other girls. "But then a guy needs to be more actively involved, doesn't he?" I thought. Deep down I realized I should have cut things off, at least when I felt that first prick penetrate me. Instead of encouraging more sexual play, I could have stopped things immediately. I am sure the guys we had invited would have stopped as soon as I asked them to. Instead, I encouraged them and let them go as far as they could, enjoying it all the time. By example, I even encouraged the other girls to offer themselves up to the frenzy.

Thinking more, I realized that my exhibitionism was the beginning. As my grandmother used to always say, "engage your brain before acting." I hadn't been "engaging my brain." Corey was right about "not thinking" when it came to sex and was repeating words I had also heard from my father. I needed to make this right.

I shouted out, "Corey, I'm sorry. How can I make this up to you?"

He was about to go into the guest house and turned to me. I could see he was crying too. He stood and waited for me to run over to him.

I put my arms around him and kissed him on the cheek as his lips didn't look too receptive. "How can I make it up to you?" I asked again.

I could tell he was choking back his own tears as he said, "It's my fault too."

"Corey, it's not your fault too, how could it be your fault?"

"I'm supposed to be 'the protector of your cave'," he explained (my 'cave' is what we sometimes call my vagina, especially as a proper 'home' for his 'beast'). "I'm supposed to protect it and you from defilement. I could have stopped things, I should never even have let you show yourself to everyone and let them feel you."

"Corey, that wasn't 'defilement' we were helping them be more outgoing with girls. And it worked. Look at Howard and Colleen and, remember several of the girls here were invited by the boys I 'exposed myself to.' They never would have done that before. That wasn't 'defiling' my cave."

"But today ..." he said.

"That wasn't defilement either, the guys were just having fun and I enjoyed it too, I wasn't being 'defiled'," I attempted to excuse myself, knowing that what I said wasn't completely accurate.

"Susan," Corey corrected me. "You are the one who says sex shouldn't just be about having fun. Those guys were fucking you. They weren't doing it because they cared about you and you weren't doing it because you cared about them either. You were fucking. You weren't making love or doing any of the things that make sex so special. Susan, you are the one who taught me that. You know. You know!"

I knew, but didn't know what to say, "How can I make up for it?" I asked quietly.

He hugged me and kissed me long and hard. His penis had been soft and relaxed but I felt it straining against my belly as we kissed.



The Steps of Purification

I had an idea. As our lips slowly separated I looked at him and said, "we need a purification."

"A purification?"

"Yes, a purification." I donned my persona as Princess Susan, mistress of the cave, making a pronouncement, "We must have a ceremony of purification to purify my 'cave' from any defilement it may have suffered. As 'protector of the cave', Sir Corey, your actions in purifying the cave will also absolve you of any guilt you might have in failing your duty as 'protector of my cave'."

I began stroking the beast softly as I explained and he reciprocated by rubbing my back and breasts and belly and crotch.

"First, Sir Corey, I require your forgiveness for my actions which may have resulted in any defilement."

"You're forgiven, princess."

"Second, Sir Corey I forgive you of any negligence which may have resulted in any defilement."

"Thank you, Princess Susan."

We entered the guest house and I said, "Before I announce the steps of the purification which must be completed to seal our forgiveness and to restore the cave to an undefiled state, do you have any requests."

"Princess, I ask only that you not revoke my title as 'protector of the cave' I will never again fail in my responsibility. I also ask that you not rescind any privileges of access to the cave though you would be perfectly justified in doing so.."

"Sir Corey, I choose not to revoke your title as protector of the cave and note your promise never to fail again. I also will not rescind any of your privileges subject to you carrying out the ceremony of forgiveness and purification. I note that I am gravely at fault in the defilement of my cave and ask for you mercy as well."

"Granted."

I took the speculum Dr. Jacobs had given me out of my locker, held it up and said, "Behold the speculum of purification." Here are the steps of purification:

"The first steps in the purification require us to enter the purifying water of the hot tub. In the hot tub you will insert and use the speculum to open the cave. You will then cause the purifying waters to enter and cleanse the cave. You will remove the speculum and your beast shall enter the cave and scrub the interior thoroughly while I rest in the purifying waters. The beast is not to wear a condom, nor is it to emit any semen.

"The second steps of the purification will occur in the purifying soap and water of the shower stall. While I stand in the stall you shall cleanse my cave thoroughly with soap and water. Still within the shower, the beast shall coat itself with soap and enter the cave, scrubbing to cleanse it. As before, the beast shall not wear a condom, nor emit any semen.

"The shower will be turned off and the tub filled with clean, waters of purification. You will once again insert and use the speculum to open the cave. I will sit in the water so that the clean and pure water will enter my cave and complete its cleansing.

"The final steps of the purification will take place in the bed. The beast shall clothe itself in a condom and enter the cave. The final purification requires that the princess experience orgasm and that the beast relive itself of semen.

"Do you understand the terms, Sir Corey? Do you have any objections or propose any alterations?"

"I understand them and will carry them out as prescribed," he responded. "I have neither objection nor amendment to offer. I do have a question."

"Ask it, Sir Corey."

"In the final stage of the purification must the princess' orgasm occur whilst the beast is in the cave?"

"Yes, Sir Corey, the beast must be in my cave at the time I experience orgasm. Allow me to explain the purposes of the final steps of purification.

"The main purpose of the final steps is to use the cave in a noble, proper and pure manner. By doing so the cave is fully restored to it's undefiled state.

"The secondary purpose of the final steps is to ensure and demonstrate the esteem, respect, honor, devotion, care, affection and love you and your beast have for the princess and her cave. By doing so you renew your vow of protection and retain your title as protector of the cave.

"Your question also leads me to add an additional requirement for the final step. At the time of my orgasm and the beast's ejaculation, you must hug me tightly and your lips must be pressed firmly against mine."

"Thank you for the explanation, princess. Knowing the purpose of the final steps will assure that I and my beast approach the final tasks properly. I will also have no difficulty with the additions you have made to the task."



The Act of Purification

'Sir Corey' began immediately. He turned on the hot tub, came back in and carried me to the hot tub. He lubricated and inserted the speculum. I felt it expand inside. He entered the tub and lifted me in, positioning me so one of the jets shot directly into my spread vagina. I had a sudden shock of orgasm and jerked. The spray continued pouring into me. Corey sensed my excitement and caressed my tits and my clit.

"Oohh! Oohh! Oohh!" I exclaimed repeatedly. Spasms of pleasure shot through me. I hadn't expected that. Finally Corey moved me away from the jet and removed the speculum. He sat me gently down on one of the seats. He rose and spread lubricant on the beast. He immediately knelt down and inserted the beast into me. It felt so good to have his huge, warm member inside me.

Corey moved the beast quickly in and out. He also moved it side to side and up and down. I relaxed and enjoyed the feeling and the slight tingle of growing orgasm.

"Is that sufficient, princess?" he asked. "I fear much more will cause the beast to release his liquid."

"Yes, Sir Corey, that is sufficient. Can I relax in your arms before we proceed with the purification?"

We lay together in the hot tub for several minutes before I said, "We should proceed."

Corey left me in the tub as he went in and turned on the shower. He came back and carried me in. I stepped into the shower and Corey followed. He took the soap and gently soaped my entire body. Then he moved to my twat.
