 My name is Susie O'Connell. My best friend, Kaitlyn had arranged for my 19th birthday party at her and my boyfriend, Corey's, father's house. Afterwards we had a sleepover with Kaitlyn and her date, Elliot, April and her boyfriend, Chris, and Judy and her fiance, Preston. We swam naked in the pool, relaxed in the hot tub and then retired to air mattresses set up in the mansion ballroom.

After the party my friends Kaitlyn, Judy, April and I would get together once a week for lunch and girl talk. One topic of discussion was Judy and Preston's 'swinger' life style. I have pieced together the following from the various things I heard during our conversations.

*

Invitations

Judy was delighted to get the invitation from Kaitlyn. She, Kaitlyn, April, Brittany Reynolds and I had been inseparable throughout high school. Almost every afternoon after school we had met at Judy's house to talk and do homework. And then she had brought out those porn tapes from her father's study and that had led to sexual experimentation and then to having all those boys over after school. When her parents had found out, she was not allowed to see the rest of us any more.

That was almost a year ago and now Kaitlyn had called to invite her to Susie's birthday party and a sleepover afterwards. She became even more anxious to attend when Kaitlyn made it clear that Preston would also be expected to attend and stay for the sleep over. The possibilities of a male-female sleepover fascinated her. A tingle spread from her cunt through the rest of her body when Kaitlyn also told her they would be skinny dipping in the pool. She rubbed herself in anticipation.

She had met Preston at her receptionist job and a couple of months later, after some torrid dates, he had invited her to live with him and she had finagled that into a proposal before accepting. She had to admit the engagement was mostly to keep her parents satisfied with the living arrangement. One of the great things about their relationship was that they were both into sexual experimentation with others.

April was also happy to get the invitation. She was always looking for ways to spend time with Chris that would avoid any sort of confrontation with her parents. She decided to tell them about the birthday party and the sleepover. No need to mention that Chris would be spending the night too. She would have to let them know that the party was for Susie and at Kaitlyn's place. She hoped they had forgotten about that dust-up over the sex parties.

After the main party was over and my family had gone home, Kaitlyn, Corey and I stripped off our swim suits and invited the others to do the same.

Corey is big and a bit overweight but what really got the attention of those who hadn't seen him naked before was his huge, uncircumcised cock. Even now, in its flaccid state, Judy looked at it in wonder and hoped that she might get a chance at feeling it inside her. April just wondered how big it got when he was excited.

Naked, Kaitlyn had gained a bit of weight over the year. She still had her hourglass figure with its narrow waist but she now had wider hips. Her stomach protruded a bit more than before and her butt seemed a bit larger. The weight gain had not significantly increased her ample breast size.

Elliot also slipped off his trunks. He was slight and thin with a slightly larger than usual cock. Kaitlyn and I knew, but Judy and April didn't, that when excited the tip of that thin cock expanded significantly in proportion to the rest becoming a hard, red beet on a pale, thin shaft.

I don't want to brag but I think I was still my 'svelte' self: small in stature and well proportioned. My breasts had increased slightly in volume over the past year. They were no longer quite so small and conical. The hair at my crotch was a perfect match with the auburn on my head and did little to cover my slit and the thin labia which peeked out between my thighs. I imagined the guys' penises stiffening as they looked at me.

The others hesitated and April anxiously pointed out that Corey's father and girlfriend were out by the pool. Corey went and brought them in. They were naked. Corey's father was in his fifties and was shorter than Corey but with the same build and more body hair. His cock was almost as big as Corey's. He encouraged them all to come out to the pool, naked or not. His live in girl friend, Marianne, was in her thirties, bleached blonde and voluptuous with enhanced breasts, narrow hips and a shaved, clamshell pussy. Preston and Chris stared in astonishment.

Judy stripped off her suit and pulled down Preston's trunks. Judy was a thin brunette with large, natural breasts and small nipples. She kept her pubic hair neatly trimmed, being sure that her clitoral hood and small, but fleshy labia were easily visible.

Preston's body was all show. He worked out frequently and it showed. For most women his body was all they saw or cared about. They ignored his small penis and testicles.

April quickly stripped hr suit off but Chris held back, perhaps because of seeing Preston's ripped body, or maybe it was Corey's huge member. Chris was well built but didn't work out regularly and had a bit of a paunch. April had a girlish figure with very large breasts, dark round aureoles and large nipples. Susie came in and spoke to them and Chris went out still wearing his swim suit. April finally managed to talk him out of his trunks to reveal a normal length but thick penis and a large set of testicles.

Judy's desires

Judy, in her desire for sexual experiences, began working on the other girls in an attempt to have intercourse with all the guys. She was especially interested in trying out Corey's huge cock. She wasn't sure she could get it inside. At the swinger parties she was a tight fit for guys with big penises and they sometimes called her "tight" Judy. She remembered Ed Carter whose cock was particularly thick, though not as thick as Corey's. It had almost hurt when he first penetrated her but once the initial discomfort had passed she thoroughly enjoyed the way she could feel every in inch of it pulsing inside her.

I was against sharing and Kaitlyn was less than enthusiastic. April was intrigued so when Kaitlyn and I left for the bathroom Judy suggested to April that they try to convince Corey and Elliot to have sex with them. "Then they'll be able to convince Susie and Kaitlyn," she explained.

They approached Corey and Elliot who were sitting in the hot tub and discussing their college classes. Chris and Preston were on the other side of the large tub discussing sports. Judy began by complementing them on their penises and telling them how much she would like to feel them inside her. April expressed the same sentiments and added, "Wouldn't you like to see how we feel inside?"

Both girls then sat down and began running their fingers along the guys' penises and commenting on their size and shape. Saying things like, "Ohh! I want this in me!" Surprised by their boldness, neither of them knew how to respond and let them continue. Elliot in particular was enjoying it but was self conscious about Preston and Chris. He protested, "What about your boyfriends?"

Judy told him, "Preston won't mind if he can have shot at Susie and Kaitlyn and April."

April added encouragement, "I'd let him too. Chris would be fine with sharing."

Corey, looking for a way to resist, said, "I don't think Susie will."

Judy told him, "I bet you two can convince Susie and Kaitlyn."

Elliot responded, "I don't know Kaitlyn that well, what do you think, Corey?"

Corey told him, "She might go along but I don't know. I doubt Susie would."

Elliot had only gone out a few times with Kaitlyn and told them "I'd sure like to try Judy and April, if she'd agree, I remember when we got to stick our fingers in Susie. Wow, was she soft and wet!"

Judy decide she had won over Elliot and began to work on Corey, "Wouldn't you like some of this?" she said, standing over him and spreading her labia. "Go ahead, feel."

April did the same to Elliot and he inserted a finger. "Yeah, I'd like that," he said.

April smiled at him and his growing cock. "I'm ready for you right now!" she said wide eyed as the bulbous tip expanded and reddened.

Judy continued to work on Corey, "Corey, don't you want a feel? April, come over an let him feel you too. "

Corey looked, unsuccessfully, to Elliot to help him resist the temptations, "You think it would be okay?"

Elliot gave no answer and just smiled. So Corey hesitantly pushed a finger briefly inside Judy and then April. Corey told them, "I admit they do feel good. Nice and tight."

Kaitlyn and I came out just in time to see Corey push his finger into April. Judy had moved over to over Elliot and spread her labia for him.

"What's going on here?" I shouted.

Judy explained that she was just telling them about her proposal for sharing sex. "You said we'd need to talk to the guys," she said to Kaitlyn, who had said exactly that in an attempt to turn them off.

That brought Preston and Chris in on the conversation. "We're talking about a little sex partner sharing tonight," Judy explained to them. Preston described how he and Judy went to swingers clubs and did a lot of sexual sharing

Corey and I could tell that all the others were in favor of the sharing. Corey told me he just wanted to get the sharing thing over with and I did want to try out Elliot so we relented to the extent of allowing each man to briefly penetrate each woman's vagina with his cock. Judy found that Corey's cock was too big for her but wasn't too disappointed. "His loss," she decided.

Elliot's "lollipop" was a hit with all the women. Kaitlyn and April felt the ball of his tip pushing in and out but only felt his shaft rubbing against their vaginal curtains. I had the same sensation. Judy told us that she could feel the shaft inside with the ball leading the way as it pushed in and then it pulled her vaginal walls apart behind the shaft as it came out. We all agreed it was a great sensation.

Night Time

After we all retired for the night Judy lay in the dark with Preston on top of her working his cock in and out. She heard a periodic moan from one of the other beds and noticed that Preston was pushing in with each moan and pulling out between moans. Judy separated and raised her legs as she often did with Preston to increase his penetration and began swinging them in time to the moans to get his cock even further inside. Her position had the additional benefit of allowing his pubic hair to rub against her clit with each penetrating thrust. She felt along his muscular chest to his arms and then ran her hands along his rock hard back from shoulders down to his hard, rocking butt. She didn't feel a bit of hair along the entire path. Smooth, not a bit of stubble, Preston kept his entire body shaved except for his balls and a patch just above his penis. He had prepared for tonight by waxing like he did before most of their swingers' parties.

"He has a perfect body for the beach," Judy thought. His shiny, naked skin emphasized his physique. 'Speedos' would have exposed his lack of 'endowment' but the current style of loose fitting trunks just emphasized his muscular assets Preston liked to wear them so low that his pubic hair showed, thereby further emphasizing his masculinity. Judy laughed lightly as she remembered Susie's sister Cathy taking every opportunity to surreptitiously touch Preston's body and his pubic hair. She smiled as she recalled how Preston had started addressing her as, "Jailbait."

It was all of that which had attracted Judy to Preston. Not because she liked muscle men and their bodies so much, rather it was because of the way other women looked at him. It wasn't that she liked jealous glances but rather that their desire for Preston meant that she would have a chance at their partner. She did so love the opportunities Preston brought to her. And when unattached women came on to Preston he would tell them to find a partner for Judy in order to have a chance with him. Judy liked to direct them to guys she had her eye on.

She liked the feeling of his smallish penis slipping in and out. It relaxed her and she got off thinking about what other women thought of him. It had a tendency to slip all the way out and every time it did it brushed against her clit. One or the other of them would reach down and guide it back in, once again giving her clit an extra stimulation.

For his part, Preston loved the opportunities for sex with other women and the way Judy almost relished the possibility. Judy attracted the guys and gave him the chance at women. His physique was intended to get them to approach him because he was a bit shy and had trouble approaching women he found attractive. Judy, with her outgoing personality and willingness to approach almost any couple for shared sex relieved him of that burden. And she would constantly rub her hands all over his body as he fucked her. He especially liked the way she grabbed his cock to position it when it popped free of her vagina. Sometimes he would pull it out intentionally just to feel her grab it and position it over her hole. Then he would drive it in. There was something special about the way her tight vagina resisted that initial penetration. She was tighter than any of the other women he had fucked.

April liked being on top where she could control the tempo and angle of her partner's penetration. Chris would constantly massage her ample breasts and finger her hard nipples. Tonight April's tempo unconsciously kept time with the hums coming from Kaitlyn in the next bed.

Kaitlyn was unaware that her hums were setting the pace for activity in the other beds. This wasa her first time with Elliot and she was enjoying the way Elliot's bulb pushed in past her G-spot and then stretched her vagina. The bulb was almost all she could feel, there was little sensation of Elliot's thin shaft. She imagined a kind of magical hard ball with a soft covering moving back and forth in her cavity. She hummed happily at the feeling every time it pushed in. And after her climax he just kept on stroking. She relaxed and shortly climaxed again. Elliot seemed content to continue on but she asked him to stop so they could sleep. She fell asleep with his rigid cock still inside. The magic ball was buried deep inside her, pressing against her cervix. 

Morning

In the morning, Kaitlyn was awakened by the feeling of cold air blowing through the door. She saw Corey's and my naked butts run into the foggy morning to the hot tub. The hot tub seemed like a nice idea but she felt Elliot next to her in bed. There was something she wanted more than time in the hot tub. She began stroking his cock. All she could think of was having that ball back inside. It rose to the challenge and Elliot woke up. He was pleasantly surprised at what woke him and continued to lie back in pleasure.

Kaitlyn detected that he was awake, moved her mouth to his genitals, and began licking Elliot's cock to bring the ball back to life. He began lightly brushing her labia causing them to separate and moisten. She moved her hips in appreciation and he inserted his fingers to massage her G-spot and used his thumb on her clit. Kaitlyn began sucking the ball in and having it pop out of her mouth. The shape caused it to make a popping sound each time she did it.

The cold draft and rhythmic pops woke Judy. She looked at the source of the pops and then at April and Chris in the next bed. She knew what she wanted.

April and Chris were also disturbed awake by the popping and April looked over at Judy. Judy said, "Good Morning," and then asked her, straight out if she felt like more sex this morning, gesturing at Kaitlyn and Elliot.

Chris had satisfied her quite well the previous evening so April hesitated. Judy asked without hesitation, "Would you like to have sex with Preston?"

April was a bit taken aback but looked at the exposed, firm, well muscled arms and back. Judy pulled the sheet away from Preston's hard legs and butt to show April the offer. Then she said, "I'd like to spend more time with Chris than the few strokes last night." Chris was awake and following the conversation from behind April.

"Wouldn't you like more of this?" Judy asked him, kneeling up and spreading her arms and legs.

Preston had been awakened by her actions and groggily asked, "what's up?"

"You better be," Judy answered him. "I'm proposing a little sex with April and Chris. Don't you want more of April."

Preston was used to this kind of thing and welcomed it. "Sure," he said, his cock stiffening at the prospect.

He turned over and April watched as his tiny penis blossomed into something that was of reasonably decent size.

"Well, Chris?" Judy asked again but Chris was reluctant to reply, not sure of how April would react.

"Well?" Judy asked again, this time her question clearly directed at April.

April was staring at Preston's body. She had seen it all day yesterday but not with any prospect of having it next to her. She looked at Chris and could tell he was willing to try the exchange. "Okay," she said after a short while.

"Okay!" Judy exclaimed. "Come on over, Chris." A quick glance and nudge let Preston know he should go over to April.

Judy had Chris lay on his back and began oral stimulation. When his cock was rock hard she got up, positioned her vagina over it and sat down. She enjoyed being on top occasionally but seldom did it with Preston. Her vigorous motion caused his small penis to slip out too frequently. It was much more enjoyable to let Preston be in control. But Chris had a more substantial cock and she could ride him wildly without losing it.

April tried on top but soon realized what Judy knew -- Preston's cock kept slipping out and had to be re-inserted. After four times April rolled on her back and let Preston take over. That ended up suiting her fine. She watched and felt as his rippling muscles worked in time with the sensations inside her vagina. The smoothness of his skin was incredible. If it weren't for his well coifed head and the fur surrounding his member he might be one of those who had no hair or was on chemo. As she touched various parts of his body the muscles under her fingers would flex and ripple. Looking at his smile she realized he was doing it intentionally. She giggled and he thrust in harder at the sound.

"Spread your legs," he told her, "hold your knees and grab my neck."

She did as he requested and he thrust himself as far inside her as he could. Then he took one arm, put it under her butt and lifted her off the bed. She liked the feel of his muscles contracting as he lifted and wondered if he was just showing off his strength. He quickly arranged the pillows behind her and gently laid her back onto the bed, butt on the pillows. "Keep your legs up," he told her and she gladly complied. He was pushing much farther into her in this position. He began pulling his cock all the way out. It caressed her clit as it pushed back in, needing no guidance to find its goal.

Meanwhile, Kaitlyn and Elliot were also back at it. Kaitlyn had enjoyed his attentions to her genitalia but decided the ball of his cock was big enough, hard enough and red enough. She stroked the thin white shaft a couple of times and licked around the base of the beet colored tip. Elliot lifted his hips in pleasure, she rose, kept her hand around the shaft, quickly mounted him and drove the ball home. She hummed in delight as she felt it move past her G-spot and settle into place against her cervix. She lay against him and together they rolled so he was on top. Once again he resumed his strokes as she hummed in delight, providing the metronome for the others' copulation.
