 Author Note: I am not a writer nor will I claim to be. This is just having fun passing along some stories.

*****

Sue and Steve are your typical couple that have been together for six years and still enjoy great sex together. They always have fun together and go to different destinations looking for adventure. Sue travels a lot for her job so when they are together it is all about them. 

She likes gambling and decided to plan a trip to Las Vegas as a surprise for Steve. She reviewed their calendars and decided on mid-April, as the weather is warm but not too hot as it is in the summer. She booked the flights and the hotel for the 3-day getaway. She decided on the Aria hotel as it is located in the part of the strip that she likes and the rooms have the upscale amenities she desires.

As the weekend approached, Sue sent Steve an email.

"Babe I have our weekend planned out, pack a bag for 3 days and it will be warm. You will need to request Friday off."

Steve received the email and instantly it puts a smile on his face. They have traveled a lot so he knows that he should have casual clothes for the day and nicer clothing for the evening. The weather clue means bring a swimsuit.

Their flight departed early that Friday morning and Sue decided to dress for the warmth with a blue t-shirt with a low V-neck showing off her cleavage and a short white skirt with a light jacket for the cold plane ride. Steve wore a graphic t-shirt and blue linen shorts. Steve enjoys these trips, as she always dresses extra sexy to drive him wild.

About 2 hours into the flight, Sue asks Steve,

"Can you get me a blanket, I am getting cold."

Steve gets the flight attendant to get Sue a blanket. The flight attendant hands Sue a blanket. She opens it and covers her lap and legs.

"That is much better but I think we should get our weekend started on the right note." Sue says.

She grabs Steve's right hand and pulls it under the blanket between her legs. He moves his hand up to her pussy and discovers that she is not wearing underwear and that her pussy is already wet.

"You like that?" She asks coyly.

"You have no idea how hard you just made me. Now I need a blanket." Steve says laughing.

Steve quickly inserts a finger into her pussy while making sure that no one in the first class cabin is able to see. Sue closes her eyes, as she wants to enjoy the feeling. He rubs her clit with his thumb as he continues to fuck her pussy with his finger. He inserts a second finger and this sends her into minor convulsions as her orgasms begin to build. She starts to moan softly and uses her jacket to cover her mouth as the first orgasm hits her. Steve increases the pace, which triggers her orgasms to come on more quickly. Her breathing becomes very heavy as she wants to scream but cannot for fear of being caught.

"Oh fuck Steve this feels so good but we better stop." Sue whispers into his ear. 

Steve pulls his fingers from her pussy and Sue pulls his finger to her mouth and sucks her pussy juice from his fingers.

"Thank you, I needed that. You will be taking care of this weekend."

Steve knew that making her happy makes life that much more enjoyable for him.

Their plane lands and they quickly get their luggage and catch a taxi to take them to the Aria hotel. The hotel check in line is always long on Fridays as many travelers come in for the weekends. They like to people watch as they wait and like to look at people they find attractive.

It is early afternoon when they finally get into their room. They decide to take a quick nap so they are not tired for a evening of gambling.

Steve slowly wakes up feeling a wonderful sensation on his cock. Sue has woken before him and wanted to give him a wake up blowjob. He looks down at her head bobbing up and down his cock. She looks up at him now realizing he is awake and smiles.

"I could not resist sucking on this gorgeous cock." Sue says before taking his cock deep down her throat.

"I love you waking me up this way."

Sue continues to stroke his cock while licking and sucking on his head. Steve soon feels his load build in his balls as Sue increases her pace sensing he is about to explode.

"I am about to cum!"

Sue locks her lips around his cock tighter and holds it deep down her throat just as his first cum blast enters her mouth. She swallows quickly as his cum continues to blast from his cock. When he is done, she continues to suck and lick his cock clean.

"Baby you are the best at sucking cock." Steve says in a very relaxed tone.

"It's getting late and I am getting hungry" Sue says, "Let's get ready and head out to eat then gamble."

"Ok go get ready; I need 5 minutes to enjoy what just transpired."

Steve gets up as Sue finishes showering. He showers while she gets ready. They both like to dress up as it turns each other on. Sue wears a burgundy dress that fits her form and drapes across her chest enough so that her cleavage is on display. She also is wearing stockings, as Vegas can get cold in the evenings along with high heels. Steve decides on wearing black trousers with a long sleeve lavender shirt.

They make their way down to eat at Jean Georges Steakhouse for their 7:30pm reservation. 

"Your table will be ready shortly, you may wait at the bar and we will get you when ready." The host informs them.

They sit at the bar and order their drinks, her a white wine and him a Crown Royal Reserve on the rocks. They both are in light conversation as they look around the room.

"Now that is an attractive couple," Sue says to Steve as she uses her eyes as the signal to which direction to look.

Steve looks over in the direction to see the couple. They are at their table eating and look to be in their early forties. She is wearing all black with her top so sheer you can see her lacy black bra underneath holding very voluptuous looking breasts. Her skirt is short showing off her much toned tan legs. He looks fit as his white shirt forms to his chest as if it was tailored just for him. The woman looks up and catches Steve as he is gazing at them and smiles. Steve sheepishly smiles back realizing she caught him.

"She just caught me staring at her," Steve say to Sue as he looks back at Sue's direction.

"That's ok; it shows that there is interest"

Steve looks a little shocked at Sue, as she usually does not respond that way.

"Your table is ready, please follow me," the host says to them.

The host leads them both by the table at which the couple is sitting. They both look up at Steve and Sue, as they pass, and smile. Steve and Sue smile back feeling good about themselves. They are seated several tables away from them with Sue in view of the male. During the conversation, Steve sees that Sue keeps looking in his direction.

"Liking what you see," Steve says teasing Sue.

"Yes I do, they are a gorgeous couple and he keeps staring back at me and I do not care he knows it"

"Well enjoy it, we are in Vegas and you know what they say," Steve says with laughter.

"He just winked at me," Sue says in a surprised tone.

"Turn on your charm as you are just as sexy as them."

Sue is in her late forties but easily passes for mid-thirties as she is still in great shape. Her dark hair and her olive color skin always seems to attract attention. Her confidence needs occasional bolstering and nothing does that better than some harmless flirting.

Steve loves to watch her flirt as he know that he ends up receiving the better end of the evening.

"Damn, they are leaving!" Sue says with some disappointment.

"It's ok there are plenty more like them in Vegas," Steve says with a smile.

Steve sees Sue smile and give a little wave as the couple return the smile and wave as they leave. They continue to finish their meal and discuss the plans for the evening. 

"Let's stay at this hotel and gamble tonight," Sue says.

They finish their meal and head down to the casino. They walk around the table games as Steve likes to play black jack. Steve finds a table that he wants to play and sits down. Sue kisses him for luck and heads off to the slot machines. Steve sits in the two spot with no one on both sides of him and the last three chairs taken by two men and a woman. He then realizes that the man closest to him is the same man from dinner. 

"How was your dinner?" Steve asks the man as he places his bet.

The man looks and smiles at Steve as he realizes that he was with the woman from dinner.

"It was good." He responds.

"My name is Steve."

"My name is Matt." He says extending his right hand while collecting his winnings with his left.

Steve notices a drink and a marker holding the seat between the two men. He thinks to himself "could this be for his wife?" He did not have to think much longer as the chair moves and his wife sits down trying to keep her skirt from rising to high as she does. She is beautiful with blue eyes to contrast her dark hair. She notices Steve right away and says,

"Where is that beautiful wife of yours?"

"She is playing the slot machines." Steve says trying not to stare at her body. "She will stop by in a while to see how I am doing."

"Honey this is Steve, Steve this is Lisa."

They both exchange the typical pleasantries and continue to gamble while engaging in small talk. Steve cannot help but notice how much they are touching each other under the table. He rubbing her bare thigh and her hand resting very close to his cock. Steve decides to text Sue to come to the table. Five minutes later Steve feels arms wrap around him and lips kissing the back of his neck.

"Hey babe, how are you doing?" Sue asks not realizing who is next to him.

"I am doing well. Sit down and play a couple of hands."

"No that is ok; I would rather play the slots."

"Are you sure? Black Jack can be very fun." Lisa says to her.

It finally clicks that the hot couple from dinner is at the same table as Steve.

"Ok I will play for a bit."

Steve slides over and lets Sue sit next to Lisa. Steve puts his arm on the back of her chair and leans into Sue.

"They are making me very horny, watch their hands." Steve whispers.

It does not take long for Sue to become aroused watching them play under the table. She takes Steve's hand and places it on her lap. Steve knows she is getting horny as well and he starts to slide his hand up her thigh in doing so slides her dress up exposing more of her legs. He is able to reach her pussy and rubs her panties. She jumps a little not expecting him to do this but does not stop him. The movement catches the attention of Matt and Lisa and they soon are watching what his hand is doing. Steve looks at them and gives them a wink and a smile. He pulls his hand back but keeps it on her leg. Lisa takes Matts hand and does the same thing. Matt slides his hand up enough to expose her black panties. Sue is so transfixed that the dealer has to interrupt her.

"Hit or stay!"

"Stay," is all she can muster without even looking at her cards.

Sue leans into Steve and kisses him. 

"I need to go to the room as I am very worked up, would it be ok if I invite them too?"

"You do not even have to ask such a silly question."

Sue whispers into Lisa's ear and then Lisa into Matt's ear. She turns to Sue and nods yes. They all color up their chips and head up to Steve and Sue's suite. 

In the elevator, Sue cannot contain her excitement as she hugs and kisses Steve. Matt and Lisa watch them while hugging each other.

Upon entry into the suite, they see the city lit up in lights. The men each sit down in a chair and the woman sit together on the couch. Steve offers everyone drinks but they all decline. Sue does not waste any time, leans into Lisa, and starts to kiss her. Lisa kisses back and slides to a more prone position pulling Sue with her. Their hands quickly start to feel each other's bodies with Sue rubbing Lisa's breasts and Lisa squeezing Sue's ass. Lisa pulls up Sue's dress to expose her ass to the men who are enjoying the show. The men start to fidget in their chairs as the show makes their cocks grow hard. The women soon realize that the men need some attention. They get up and Sue starts to head for Matt but is stopped by Lisa. Lisa pulls the zipper of dress down then removes her dress leaving Sue standing in her red lacy bra and matching red thong with thigh high stockings. Sue in turn removes Lisa's sheer top and unzips her skirt letting it fall to the floor leaving her in her black lacy bra and matching black thong that they saw earlier. They embrace in a passionate tongue swapping kiss then part.

"I think the men would like a little more than our show." Lisa says.

Sue heads over to Matt and Lisa to Steve. Both men stand and start to kiss the very sexy women who know how to turn them on. The woman almost simultaneously start to remove the men's clothing starting with the shirts then their trousers. Lisa takes Steve's hand and has him stand next to Matt then proceeds to kiss him hard. Sue follows suite and kisses Matt. Lisa starts to kiss down Steve's chest and soon is in a squatting position in front of Steve's large cock. Sue is soon to follow into the same position and is happy to see that Matt has a long thick cock. The woman both start to work on their cocks by first licking then slowly sucking on them until they are able to consume these lovely tools they possess. Steve holds onto Lisa's head and starts to fuck her mouth. Lisa moans loving having a different cock to taste. Lisa is good at sucking cock and Steve does not last too long as he increases his pace. Lisa looks up at Steve sensing his orgasm is about to occur. 

Steve groans loudly as he releases his cum into her mouth. Sue momentarily stops sucking on Matt to watch her man sucked off by another woman. Lisa swallows his cum, licks her lips, and stands up to kiss Steve. Steve sits back down on the couch and watches Sue continue to deep throat Matt as she looks in Steve's direction. Lisa squats down beside Sue and starts to rub Sue's breasts, which causes Sue to moan on Matt's cock. Lisa moves her right hand down to Sue's pussy and rubs on her thong covered clit. Sue moans even louder as her first orgasm hits her. Matt loves his view of his wife caressing another woman while this woman blows him good. Sue feels Matt's cock swell as the first wave of cum shoots down her throat. She continues to suck until the last blast has exited his cock. Matt removes his cock from Sue's mouth as she catches her breath.

"Your wife can sure suck a cock." Matt says while sitting down.

"Your wife is awesome as well."

"We are heading to the bedroom while you boys recover. You may come and watch but let us have some time before you join in." Sue says as she leads Lisa by the hand to the bed.

The woman lay next to each other in the middle of the bed and continue to kiss and fondle each other. Sue loves how being with a woman turns her on in a different way than a man can. She pulls Lisa's bra down exposing her perfectly sized nipples and kisses her way down until she is sucking on one. Lisa strokes Sue's hair and back as she is enjoying the sensation that is building in her body. Sue places her hand on Lisa's panty covered pussy and starts to rub her clit slowly. She knows Lisa is excited by how wet her panties have become from her pussy juices. Sue cannot wait, as she wants to taste this beautiful women's pussy. She climbs between her legs, removes her panties, spreads her legs as she leans in, and lightly starts to lick on Lisa's pussy.

"Oh fuck that feels good!" Lisa screams.

Hearing this both men walk in and see their woman enjoying each other's company.

"Nothing better than watching two hot woman having sex." Matt says.

They sit on each corner of the bed only watching and waiting for their cue to join. Lisa pulls Sue up to her face and kisses her hard.

"That was lovely but now it is my turn."

She removes Sue's bra and panties and dives right into Sue's bare pussy. Sue instantly groans as she feels Lisa's tongue expertly eat her. The men are now fully erect as this steamy action is too hot not to be. Sue starts to orgasm more as the sensation becomes over stimulating. She pulls Lisa around so they are in the traditional 69 position. Sue inserts a finger into Lisa as Lisa continues to eat out Sue. Sue then pulls her down on her so she can eat her pussy. The men start to rub their cocks dying to get back into the action. Lisa looks up at them and sees that they are ready to go. She sits up allowing Sue more time eating her pussy.

"Come here you two and feed me those gorgeous cocks," Lisa says

Both men get to their feet and move to either side of Lisa's face. She takes both cocks into each of her hands and pulls in Steve's cock and starts to suck on it while stroking Matt's cock. She then switches cocks alternating between the two. As she is sucking on Steve, Matt removes her hand and moves between Sue's legs. He starts to lick her pussy and Sue groans and bucks her hips, as she was not prepared for his tongue. Steve pulls Lisa off Sue and has her get on all fours with her head close to Sue's face. Sue was watching intently as Matt was making her orgasm repeatedly. Steve got behind Lisa and started to lick her pussy as Lisa leaned in and kissed Sue while massaging her breasts. Lisa and Sue simultaneously scream out as their orgasms hit them hard. 

"I am cumming," Lisa yells.

"I am too," Sue replies.

"Steve I need you to fuck me now!"

Steve gets up, kneels behind Lisa, and slowly slides his cock into her very wet pussy. Matt pulls Sue onto all fours side by side with Lisa. He pushes his cock into her as he grabs her hips. Sue looks into Steve's eyes happy that they both can enjoy others. She watches Steve as he fucks Lisa and loves how full Matt's cock makes her feel.

"She likes it very hard Matt."

Matt grabs her hips tighter and starts to slam the full length of his cock into her pussy causing Sue to adjust her arms to brace for the assault that has begun.

"Oh fuck fuck fuck fuck this feels so gooood!" Sue yells loud enough the neighbors can hear.

Steve pulls Lisa up to a kneeling position while still fucking her and starts to rub squeeze her tits. She reaches around him to hold herself up. Sue sees this, climbs up on Lisa, and starts to suck on Lisa's tits. Matt is pounding her so hard that her face bounces on her tits.

"I am cumming," Steve says as he releases deep within Lisa's pussy.

"I am too!" As Matt deposits his manhood deep within Sue.

Both woman shutter as they feel the warm cum entering their pussies. Sue lays on her back with Matt still in her and wiggles her way under Lisa's pussy. Steve pulls his cock out and his cum drops down to Sues open mouth. Lisa leans forward, pulls Matt's cock from Sue, and quickly laps up his cum as it oozes out of Sue's well-fucked pussy. Both woman continue to clean each other up as the men lay down enjoying what has transpired. Sue then moves over to Steve and licks his cock clean and Lisa does the same with Matt. They both lay in their men's arms. 

"Aren't you glad you sat down and played Black Jack?" Lisa says to Sue.