 [It occurred to me that I never finished this part of the story. This is part two, but if you read it first, you will catch up on the characters. The places are all real, but the characters are fictional, and the timeline is a combination of errors and outright lies. The bits of this that actually happened are pretty thin.]




Kyle was about the shortest guy in our high school. When he transferred in, most of the guys ignored him, or made fun of him, but his sense of humor seemed to really endear him to all the girls. I first got to be friends with him because I was trying to get a date with Christy, who Kyle hung out with all the time.

 It worked too. Within just a few months of treating Kyle better, Christy went on a first date with me, which went about as well as anything I could imagine. By the time we graduated, Christy had broken up with her "prom" boyfriend, and Christy and I were getting serious. 

 Kyle had started dating Susan, who was a goth girl that everyone had always assumed was a lesbian. A few people had made fun of them, but honestly they were a cute couple. Kyle was shorter than Susan, but not by much, and she was a very cute girl as long as you liked tattoos and/or black makeup.

 Kyle and Susan would occasionally double-date with Christy and I, but it was usually just hanging out at the lake eating hot dogs. It was all my budget allowed for, and small towns in Georgia weren't exactly famous for night clubs.

 The kids wit money didn't really have it much better, though. There was only one movie theater in our town, and only about three restaurants, so "dinner and a movie" wasn't much better than "hot dogs and beer in the park."

 Kyle was the only one of us who had gotten a job right out of high school, and he would occasionally splurge on some Sweetwater IPA instead of the Bud Light we usually drink.

 During the Summer, Susan showed up one day really excited that Dirty Rotten Imbeciles was coming to Atlanta [Note to D.R.I fans - Don't get your hopes up, this is fiction], which is close enough that we could do a road trip.

 I am not a fan of metal or thrash or punk, or whatever it is that they play, but her enthusiasm was contagious, mostly because it was about the only thing we had ever seen her excited about. The concert was only a few days away, and we so we promised Susan that if she could get tickets, we would all go with her. 

 I have no idea how she did it, but by the next day, we had all agreed to drive to Atlanta in her mom's minivan, to go see a D.R.I. concert at the 'Tabernacle.'

 The Tabernacle used to be a church, and has been turned into a bar and music venue. (No disrespect, but it seems like nearly everything in Atlanta used to be a church at some point.) Once we figured out where the place was, we pooled our money, and booked a motel room nearby.

 The motel was basically so we could drink and not worry about driving. Because of our finances, though, we could only afford one room, in the cheapest motel we could find. Sharing a cheap motel seemed to bother Susan and Kyle, but Christy and I assured them it would be fine.

 When we left, our parents must have thought we were insane. They each packed food for us so we could save our money, and they each crossed their fingers and hoped for the best. This was a few years ago, so we had zero cell phones. Christy's dad gave her one at the last minute (remember the Nokia 5110?), and made arrangements when to check in with him.

 Considering how much weed we snuck in the minivan with us, it was amazing that we made it to the county line, much less Atlanta.

 When I set up the road trip, I was secretly hoping that it would be my chance to finally have sex with Christy. We had only been dating a few weeks, and she had given me three or four blowjobs, as well as numerous hand-jobs, but so far no actual sex. 

 I had fingered Christy once or twice, and eaten her out once or twice. I had wanted more, but I hadn't pressured her. 

 We started out with Susan driving, mostly because it was her mom's car. Christy and I sat in the back, and once Susan had said she intended to drive the whole way, Christy and I shared a pot brownie that Susan had somehow managed to cook right under her mom's nose. 

 The brownie was fairly weak, but still had the desired effect on both of us. I started laughing at every joke regardless of whether I understood it, and Christy cuddled up to me and put her hand on my zipper.

 Kyle had half a brownie, as well as a beer, and he started to relax too. Within a few minutes, he started making fun of Christy and me. "Are you guys going to fuck in the back seat?"

 Christy giggled, "I haven't decided yet. Are you jealous?"

 "Ew," Susan said, "You guys are going to have to dry clean those seats."

 "I am a little jealous," Kyle mused. "I have seen Johnny's dick more than I have seen my own."

 I laughed at the one, (but I was already a pretty easy audience). Susan laughed too, but didn't say anything. It was true that only a couple of weeks before, Kyle and Susan had caught Christy giving me a blowjob at the lake. The BJ had made a big impression on me, but had apparently left an impression on Kyle and Susan as well.

 Christy decided to keep the sex talk going. "Well if you want to see it again, I can arrange it."

 Kyle was starting to enjoy the banter. "Only if you put a towel down to protect those seats."

 Susan seemed to be warming up to the idea. "If you guys fool around again, I am going to stop the van so we can watch."

 I don't remember the whole conversation, so maybe I was more buzzed than I thought. But I really enjoyed cuddling with Christy in the back seat and talking about sex. I was getting a little horny from the conversation, the pot, and Christy's hand, but we had not actually done anything sexual.

 We had all been laughing our asses off (at jokes that were old, and only somewhat funny). It went something like this:

 Christy said: "Two people is a twosome. Three people is called a threesome. That is why people are always calling Johnny 'Mr. Handsome'."

 Kyle: "I was sexually active at 12. Now it is 12:30, and my right hand is killing me."

 Susan: "My mom has Mother's Day. Your dad has Father's Day. I heard that Johnny's favorite holiday is Palm Sunday."

 Christy: "Yeah, when people said that Johnny was a yankee, they were talking about his hobby."

 Kyle: How do you break a guy's dick in Georgia? You kick his sister in the mouth."

 Me: "My favorite position is the 68. It means I owe you one."

 Susan: "Did you hear about the cheerleader who chipped a tooth on the steering wheel? She was trying to blow the horn."

 Kyle: "My dick is so big it gets four electoral votes."

 Me: "Want to hear a joke about my dick? Never mind, it's too long."

 Kyle: "I have a dick like a baby ... 9 pounds, 11 ounces..."

 Anyway, I started stealing dick jokes from anyone, including, I think, Drew Carey. " My dick is so big it has it's own dick. And even my dick's dick is bigger than your dick." 

 When Kyle finally ran out of jokes, Christy giggled, and added: "Johnny actually does have a pretty big dick."

 Susan seconded the motion. "Biggest dick I have ever seen." This was relatively funny, because everyone had always thought she was a lesbian, at least until she started dating Kyle.

 I wondered about the comment, though, because it seemed kind of insulting to Kyle. Kyle totally missed it, though, and added, almost without thinking: "It is the *only* dick I have ever seen."

 Christy and Susan both laughed, while I sat there slightly confused. Christy reached up and smacked Kyle on the head. "Well, you can't blame us for telling him."

 Kyle realized what he had said, and stared down at his beer for a minute. "Are you serious? No one told him?"

 "We keep secrets," Christy replied smugly. "Besides, he never asked."

 "Well, I could keep secrets," I said, "If someone would tell me what the hell is going on."

 "Kyle is a girl." Said Susan.

 I was going to come up with some smartass thing to say, but my brain was not even remotely keeping up with the conversation. So I just sat there like a half-wit and stared at Kyle.

 After a long time, Kyle started to explain. It took a long time, but basically, when he was born, his name was Karen. By the time he could talk, he already knew he was a boy. When he was 3, and the other girls were playing with dolls, Kyle was playing with trucks. It was a long story, and it is not even really fair to condense it here.

 "I had already started hormone therapy, and I was going to get a sex change when my dad lost his job. So when I enrolled in school here, I enrolled as a guy. I figured by the time I could resume the treatments, no one would notice me turning into a man."

 My brain was still back at the starting line. "So.... wait.... what?"

 Everyone in the car laughed, except me. 

 Kyle explained it to me again like I was a 3-year-old, but then decided the only thing to do was to break it down in smaller pieces. "Have you ever noticed that I have breasts?"

 Actually I had. I had always assumed that Kyle was a guy in the process of a sex change to become a woman. Even though he always wore baggy shirts and undershirts, his breasts were occasionally visible.

 "Well, I was planning to have those removed. But mastectomy is a little on the expensive side, and so is gender reassignment surgery. And my job at the call center hasn't made me a millionaire yet."

 It was all starting to make sense. I was trying to think of something to say that didn't sound stupid, and I finally came up with: "You know, you could have told me before now."

 "Yeah, I know. You are one of the good guys. You wouldn't have treated me any different, but the rest of the school...."

 "I would have treated you the same," I repeated, "Maybe I would have asked to see your boobs...."

 Kyle had to look at me to tell I was joking. I smacked him the same way Christy had. "I am joking, dude. Calm down."

 He smiled at me, but I could tell we were walking into a minefield.

 "Well, are you going to do all those operations?" I asked.

 This apparently was the question everyone argued about.

 "Yes," Kyle answered.

 "No," Susan answered.

 "Maybe," compromised Kyle.

 Christy was the first to state the obvious: "I can't help but notice - there are two of you and three different answers."

 Kyle looked at Susan. "She likes me the way I am."

 I looked at Susan, who elaborated. "He is smart, and sexy, and caring. He is beautiful and strong, and everything I ever wanted. And all he wants is to be a guy."

 "I don't understand. It sounds like he already is."

 Susan put it in context for me. "Imagine if Christy told you she wanted to become a man. Would you still have sex with her?" 

 That shut me up. I had to admit that if Christy became a guy, she wouldn't be attractive to me at all. So I did what all guys do in this situation ... I lied. "I'd still fuck her even if she decided to become a chicken."

 Just then, we were coming up on a roadside rest area. So Kyle said "bathroom break," and Susan pulled in. I didn't even pay much attention that Kyle went into the men's room right alongside me. He didn't use the urinal, but he certainly didn't act uncomfortable. 

 When we got back to the car, I volunteered to drive, and Christy sat up front with me so Kyle and Susan could talk. The rest of the way to the motel, they cuddled in the back seat and talked. We could have listened in. but we decided to turn up the radio and pretend we couldn't hear them.

 We got to the motel in mid afternoon, with plenty of time before the concert, which didn't start until 10pm. The motel room was old, but pretty clean for such a cheap room, and had two double beds as requested. I stretched out on the closest bed, and Christy cuddled up next to me. Kyle and Susan carefully sat next to each other, as if we were watching them and judging them. 

 Susan got out a bong she had managed to hide somewhere in her luggage, and a surprisingly large stash. I had smoked pot a few times, but never from a bong. Susan had already put ice in the chamber, and the smoke was smooth. Apparently I was taking hits that were way too big, because after just a few, I was completely baked, and starting to lose contact with reality.

 Fortunately, we still had the food our parents had sent, as well as a crapload of soft drinks from the 7-11, and more ice from the motel ice machine. With just a little treatment, I was feeling good, and laid back on the bed to think random thoughts and watch the others smoke.

 After just a few minutes, Christy also retreated from the bong, and cuddled up next to me. Christy and Susan were both talking and laughing, while I was lost completely in my own pot-thoughts. Kyle was somewhere in between. He was obviously feeling self-conscious, because he kept touching Susan, but trying to do it casually without attracting attention.

 Finally, he settled on giving her a back rub, and she moved closer on the bed to give him a better position. Christy, meanwhile, was rubbing my dick through my jeans with one hand, while drinking with the other. I leaned forward and started massaging her breasts, and started feeling horny again.

 I hadn't been keeping track of the conversation, but Susan said something that got my attention back: "I gave a couple of guys blowjobs back when I was pretending to be straight, and I let them both eat me out, too. Then we broke up. I know it sounds weird, but I was worried they might kiss me."

 Christy had actually been listening all along, and giggled. "I guarantee you that no guy will kiss you right after a blowjob..."

 Susan laughed too, but then explained. "Well, the blowjob was like an experiment. I liked the sexuality, but I just wasn't sure I liked either guy. They seemed like OK guys, and I am kind of bisexual, it is just that I never felt the same tingle I get around Kyle."

 Kyle had reached his hands up underneath Susan's shirt, and was massaging her breasts. Susan leaned back against him and closed her eyes. "Kyle is the best of both worlds. He knows exactly how to touch me, and I get horny just looking at his ass."

 "Oh... Really?" Kyle wasn't sure if Susan was joking. "You're trying to distract me from your boobs, though. It won't work." With that, Kyle lifted Susan's shirt off. She was not wearing a bra, and her breasts were actually very nice. She was only slightly taller than Christy, and only slightly heavier, but with much larger breasts. She had a black tattoo with kind of a lie pattern on top of her breasts that I had actually seen before. She also had a tattoo on her underboss that combined the lace pattern into a swirl, and looked a bit more stylish. She was wearing dark makeup and dark fingernail polish, which actually went well with her light skin and dark hair. She leaned back further against Kyle, and reached her hands above and behind her head to grab Kyle, which had the effect of showing off her breasts even more. 

 When she did, Kyle unbuttoned her shorts, and reached his left hand down inside her underwear. 

 "What is the difference between a golf ball and a g-spot?" Susan said with a grin. "A guy will actually search for a golf ball."

 We continued telling corny jokes for a while, and at the same time, Christy had unbuttoned and unzipped my shorts, and was rubbing my cock through just my underwear. When the jokes died down, I looked over to see how Kyle and Susan were doing, and saw that they had changed positions, and Susan was completely naked, and that Kyle was down to just his underwear. 

 Kyle was laid down near the foot of the bed, and was slowly pushing his tongue into Susan's pussy. Susan had spread her legs wide, and was holding Kyle's head in place while Kyle rubbed the fingers of his right hand around and into Susan's pussy.

 Even though Kyle had a very feminine body, it was hard to look at him and think of him as a girl. His breasts were pressed against the bed, but his hip structure was clearly female. Watching him drive Susan closer to orgasm made me every bit as horny, and Christy noticed.

 When Christy pulled my shorts the rest of the way down, I was as horny as I had ever been. I really needed to feel release, and I was hoping to feel my dick inside Christy's tight pussy. She started giving me a hand job, and I stopped her only long enough to take off her shirt. 

 After I took off her shirt, she went ahead and removed her bra, so I decided to take the next step and removed her shorts. Maybe it was the lowered inhibitions from the pot, but she allowed me to pull her panties down as well. 

 Christy completely naked was one of the hottest sights I can ever remember. She was extremely tiny, with tiny breasts to match, but her breasts were firm, and her muscles were tight, small and chiseled. Her pussy hair was untrimmed, but was relatively thin, and covered a small area in dark blonde, which matched the rest of her hair perfectly.

 While I was rubbing her breasts and admiring her body, Christy climbed on top of me, and straddled my hips, touching my dick the first time against her pussy lips.

 I couldn't get over the fact that this amazing girl was on top of me, and I nearly came when she spread the lips of her pussy on both sides of my dick. As she slowly moved her body forward and back, the lips of her pussy lubricated my dick with her juices.

 It was driving me crazy, but I knew it was not the right time to just shift my hips and plunge inside her. I had almost forgotten about Susan and Kyle. I tuned out everything else in the world, and was only vaguely aware that Kyle and Susan were watching us quietly from the other bed.

 Christy leaned over and pressed her breasts against my chest, and put her lips next to my ears. "Go slowly," she said. "This is my first time."

 I had thought it might be, but for some reason, it was really sexy to hear her say it. Because I was so much taller than her, she had lifted herself to put her face next to mine. Her pussy was just over the tip of my dick, and when she pressed back down, she lifted my dick with her hand and pushed it inside her. 

 At first, she only took a bit. It was fine with me when she paused, because I could feel myself about to come, and the time-out let me relax a bit. I didn't really feel any resistance at first, but when she gradually pushed herself down on my dick, every part of her felt amazingly tight. 

 Every time she pushed herself further down on my cock, she let out a little gasp. I finally asked her if it was hurting. "Yes, kind of," and then, "No," she hesitated. "Yes ... uncomfortable." She pushed herself down on me again, and spent a long time moving very slowly.

 "I am sorry," she finally said. She lifted herself off of me slowly, and laid in my arms. She was almost in tears. 

 I wanted to figure out some way to get her to keep going, but not if it was going to be miserable for her. So I acted like a nice guy, and laid there with blue balls while she touched my dick again with her hands.

 After a while, she seemed to recover, and tried to cheer me up. "Don't worry," She giggled, "I'll let you come in my mouth."

 "Christy?" Susan asked. "Can I..." Susan's voice trailed off.

 "Sure," Christy was acting happy again, and still giggling, as she looked at me. "That is every guy's fantasy, right? To fuck tow girls in one night?"

 "Two girls in one decade." I corrected.

 Susan still looked unsure. "I never had sex with a guy before, and I think it would be cool to have a guy that I care about be the first one." Christy got up in response, and kissed Susan, and then kissed Kyle. I stayed there on the bed with my hard-on almost waving in the air.

 Susan asked if I had a condom, and I did.
