 I was 22 at the time and living in Wollongong. I was part of the University sailing club and had met an incredibly cute woman from another Uni at a sailing regatta at Wangi Wangi, on the New South Wales central coast. We hit it off straight away – I wanted her, she wanted me; couldn't get any better than that!

After the regatta, we kept seeing each other – I'd jump on my motorbike and head up to her place for weekends. It never looked serious, so it was great sex, nothing too much else. I think we both liked it that way, but at times I did wonder if it might get beyond mere sex.

Susie's birthday was coming up soon and she told me that she'd organised with her friends to go to the Harold Park Paceway to watch the trotters. I was surprised by the choice of birthday venue. Susie told me that she'd never been to any horse racing and a friend of hers suggested going, so why not?

I was looking forward to the night with Susie and her friends – they were all very lively. It had all the hallmarks of a great night out; and I got to be with Susie alone after the party.

I turned up to Susie's flat on the Saturday of her party after lunch. We had planned to go for a swim at Manly before heading off to the trots.

I let myself in to see one of Susie's friends, Janey, in the lounge. "Oh, hello Janey," I said, "I wasn't expecting to see you until tonight."

Janey was an interesting person – very interesting. Vivacious, but withdrawn at the same time. She seemed to like talking to me; she always seemed to find her to talk to me at parties or whenever we went out in a group.

Then Susie wandered in to the lounge – a towel wrapped around her, having just had a shower by the look of her wet hair. I'm terribly observant...

Susie explains that Janey was going to stay with her family near by for the night, but that had to be cancelled as her sister didn't have room as her husband was having guests over unexpectedly. So, Susie told Janey that she could stay the night at her flat and sleep on the couch.

My heart sank. I was looking forward to having my wicked ways with Susie when we got home – we've used all the rooms in the flat for pleasure and I was thinking it was the kitchen's turn tonight!

That said, Janey was Susie's best friend and she did live a long way away, so getting a taxi home after the night ended was out of the question. And Janey usually did stay with Susie when they went out together if I wasn't there. Susie confided in me that Janey snored and that when Janey stayed over they slept in Susie's bed which made sense – lounges aren't all that comfortable.

We went out to the races. We made bets based on our deep knowledge of the trots – "I like that colour, so I'm betting on that horse", was the usual choice. Or the name of the horse. "Duffel Coat Supreme" got a few bets...

After the races we went to a nearby pub. An inner city hotel, with the island bar, tiled walls and floor with a band bashing and crashing away on the tiny stage. A great pub, in other words. We had lots to drink, getting people who we didn't know to buy Susie a beer "cos it's her birthday" (and that she had undone a few buttons on her blouse might have helped).

At midnight, it was time to pull up stumps and head home. I'd not drunk too much as I was going to have to shepherd Susie home. Janey, however, took it on herself to have a blinder of a night. Unusually for her, she seemed to be drinking a lot and by midnight she was far more than tipsy. 

So, I got to shepherd two attractive women home. They could walk by themselves, so that was handy. But they needed guidance. I felt pretty happy walking down the street with my arm around two very attractive women. Janey started dragging a bit – the drinks might have been catching up with her. At times I'd have my hand up under their arms. At one stage Janey stumbled into me and as she twisted around my hand was on her boob. It was very quick, but very nice!

We got back to Susie's flat and Susie went off to the bathroom. I put Janey on the lounge, when she promptly rolled on to her side and went to sleep. She'd have been crippled if she slept like that all night, so I put her feet on the lounge and took off her boots.

Susie came out of the bathroom and saw me straightening up from taking off Janey's boots. "Thanks for that," she said. "I was hoping you'd be able to do that – she's pretty wasted, which kind of surprises me. She doesn't usually get that pissed."

I motioned to Susie that we should get to bed. Basically, I wanted to fuck her and fill her with my cum. It was late, I was horny and I had a sperm receptacle that I wanted to fill.

She pulled me out to the kitchen and told me she wanted a cup of coffee, and several glasses of water so she wasn't as hung-over in the morning. "Bugger!," I thought. "Be patient and things will come your way."

So we sat in the kitchen and chatted quietly – reminiscing about the night, what we'd get up to on Sunday; that swim we didn't get to have, a picnic on the beach.

Then I could hear snoring. Susie started giggling – "I told you she snores, and this is louder than normal. Must be because she is so pissed."

I went out to the loungeroom and looked at Janey. She looked incredibly uncomfortable. Her shirt was all twisted, her jeans were tight (and she did look very good in her tight jeans) and seemed to be stopping her moving about. I went back in to see Susie and told her about Janey. Susie's response was to get her jeans off and get a sheet to cover her with. She'll be right then.

We went into the lounge room and I looked at Susie to indicate she should get Janey's jeans off. She shook her head and pointed at me, saying that I was stronger than she was and that I'd need to lift Janey's bum off the lounge to get her jeans off.

I guess it's not every day that your girlfriend tells you to take off another girls jeans, so who am I to argue. I move to undo her belt. When I touched it, Janey moved her hands onto mine and slurs "You shouldn't do that; Susie will not be happy." Susie chimes in and tells Janey that we are just making her comfortable and are taking her jeans off, and that she is not unhappy with me playing with her belt.

I undo the belt and then the button on the jeans and undo the zipper. Janey doesn't move while I do this. Next I try to get her jeans off, but she isn't lifting her arse off the lounge, so they aren't going anywhere. I kneel down by Janey and put my arm under her waist and lift her, and with my other arm I try to pull her jeans down. 

I don't know why Susie wasn't helping me – she was having a fit of the giggles and pretty helpless.

I succeeded in getting her jeans down a bit, so things were looking good. Too good. In dragging her jeans down, her undies had comes down too. I was now very close to a lovely hairy pussy – the curtains matched the drapes, as they say.

I stood up and quickly pulled off Janey's jeans and pulled her undies back up. Susie looked at me and kept giggling. "You should've seen your face when you pulled her undies down. I know you aren't going to cheat on me – you looked horrified!"

With that, I put the sheet over Janey and Susie and I went to the bedroom. And then the snoring started.

We both stripped off and jumped into bed. I started cuddling Susie, hoping that she was up for a fuck. It seemed that she was, the way she threw her leg over me. We hadn't shut the door on the bedroom, so we could hear Janey snoring away. We giggled at each other, saying that we will have to be quiet.

As we started to caress each other, the snoring stopped. "That's OK," whispered Susie, " she doesn't snore all night. She must have stopped herself."

That's great, I though and went back to feeling Susie's breast.

Then Susie stopped my hand as she looked to the door. In the doorway was Janey.

"Susie, can I sleep with you? The lounge isn't comfortable."

Susie looks at me and tells me that Janey usually sleeps in her bed when she stays over and that the lounge is uncomfortable. Reluctantly, I say yes. However, the challenge is that I am nude and have a hard cock. 

Susie tells Janey to come in. I'm on the opposite side of the bed to the door, so I scoot right over to the edge to Susie can move over, leaving Janey room on the opposite side of the bed to me. All sorted.

Janey takes a few steps in and takes off her shirt, leaving her in the undies and a bra. Then she takes off her bra and removes her undies. "Oh god – what's going on." I think to myself. That Janey has a fantastic figure I can see in the moonlight is rather distracting.

"She'll be on the other side of the bed – no problems." I tell to myself. She takes a few more steps and heads over to my side of the bed. "I always sleep on that side, so move over." 

And with that, Susie moves over to take up the vacant space and tugs my arm to move into the middle of the bed. Straight away, Janey gets into bed and drops off to sleep straight away.

I move right over to Susie, so I don't touch Janey. Obviously no fuck for me tonight!!

Then Susie rolls onto her back and starts to stroke her flat belly. I recognize that is a sign she is going to masturbate. I whisper in her ear that she can't do that. I love watching her, but Janey is in bed with us!! Susie whispered that she is as horny as all get out and she'll be very quiet. That's just fantastic – Susie gets to cum, I get to watch and listen and not able to pleasure myself. I'm thinking that my balls will be as blue as the sky in the morning. The downside is that I can't join in like I usually do. If Susie is in the mood to please herself, I wank myself at the same time, hoping to cum together. Or at the very least, spraying my cum over both of us which Susie than uses as additional lube.

So here I am, stuck with my girlfriend feeling herself and me not being able to do anything. And on the other side I have a very attractive woman naked, dead to the world.

I can tell that Susie is getting closer to cumming – her breathing is getting shorter, her face is contorting with the pleasure. Then I feel a hand on my hip. Janey had rolled over on her side and was now facing me. I looked at her and she seemed to be asleep. I gently moved her hand off my hip – that's the last thing I needed – I had a hard on watching Susie get herself off and the last thing I needed was Janey getting close to it.

About 10 seconds later, I felt Janey move closer to me and her arm draped over my waist, her hand on my belly. Oh hell, this is not right, I said to myself.

I go to move Janey's hand. As I touch her hand, she flinches and grazes my cock. Then she stops, her hand on my cock. Not moving, not grabbing it, just resting on my stiff cock. She then snuggles up tight to me, her hand still on my cock.

Meanwhile, Susie is still feeling herself. Then, with a final twist and a sigh, she cums.

And all I am feeling is Janey's hand on my hard cock. And then Janey starts stroking me, not in a fevered "I want to make you cum" way, just lazily stroking me. I whisper into Susie's ear that Janey is feeling me up. Susie, in her post-cum euphoria, whispers back to enjoy it – "I'm too tired now to fuck you; get yourself off."

So here I was – a very, very , very drunk woman on one side who was idly stroking me. My girlfriend who had just cum telling me to jack myself off and didn't seem fussed by me telling her that her close friend was wanking me.

With each stroke of Janey's hand, I'd shiver with excitement, the tension building.

And then I felt another hand, squeezing my balls. 

I opened my eyes to see Susie looking at me and smirking. She motioned with her eyes to my groin and smiled and licked her lips. And still Janey was stroking my cock.

Susie had now rolled over to face me and got very close to my face. She whispered that I was now giving her birthday present. I could feel Susie move her hand from my balls to my cock – her fingers working with Janeys.

Then Susie pushed me onto my back. Janey, all of a sudden, was alert; she moved out of the way and raised herself on one elbow, looking down at me. She gave a great big grin and then looked at Susie and "It worked – we're gunna do him!!."

I was now very, very confused. I had two pissed woman to walk home and now I seemed to be in bed with two very sober women who were both holding my cock.

Susie looked at me, smiled and said that "Nothing is ever as it seems."

And with that she gave a nod to Janey who shifted away. Susie then swung her leg over me and mounted me. She grabbed my cock and inserted it in her. "Yep," I thought "she's just cum – she is soooo wet. And oh my god that feels fantastic."

I'm looking up at Susie when Janey starts to move. She pushes on Susie's shoulders to have her sitting bolt upright on me. I can see Janey's magnificent breasts in the light from outside. 

She then stands on the bed and straddles my head – her feet either side of my head. As I look up, all I can see is a hairy cunt, the curves of the labia showing like a clam shell.

Then she grabs onto the bed head and lowers herself onto my face.

As Janey starts grinding her cunt on my face, I can't work out what has happened, or why. All I know is that I've been mounted by two fantastic women, with beautiful bodies. And with that my mind starts to wander off full of lewd thoughts, tinged with great confusion.

My mind Is dragged back to the present when I hear Susie telling me to start working and fill her with cum. Obviously I wasn't "doing my bit", so straight away I started rising my hips to meet her gyrations on my cock.

This seemed to get Janey going – all of a sudden I could hear her moaning and calling out to god over and over and over. She was grinding her hairy cunt on my mouth, my tongue searching her to give her pleasure.

Then I felt my balls contract and spurt my cum into Susie. What a fantastic release. 15 minutes ago I thought I'd be waking up with blue balls, now they were empty, my cum filling Susie, and slowly running back down, out of her and over my balls.

Susie kept moving on my now rapidly softening cock, and when I slipped out of her I heard a little cry of disappointment.

Meantime, I still had Janey on my face. I could feel her fingers now with my tongue. She obviously wanted to cum quickly. My licking her was doing a good job of staying excited and moving towards an orgasm, but she obviously wanted to cum in quick time.

Licking Janey was nothing like licking Susie. Susie stayed fairly still when she sat on my face, allowing me to move and get my tongue on to her clitoris to bring her to orgasm. Janey, however, was riding my face like a bucking bronco – I was having trouble staying on her sweet spot. I think I was getting a complete face wash from her love juices...

Clenching my head between her thighs, I could hear Janey cumming; and I could feel her cumming as her juices flowed from her engorged count.

With a cry and another call to god, she slowly stopped moving. I could feel her relax; her grip on my head with her thighs relaxing. And then she dismounted my face and flopped down onto the bed.

Now I could see, Susie was beside me, grinning at me like the Cheshire Cat.

"That was a fantastic birthday present, thanks," she gently told me.

I responded by asking her what happened – one minute both she and Janey were seriously drunk and then both were all over me using me as a sex toy.

Susie then told me that she and Janey had this all planned out – Janey didn't really have to stay over; she could have stayed with her family. They weren't drunk at all – most of the drinks weren't alcoholic; they were just acting pissed as part of the plan.

The "plan" I was told was that Janey had the hots for me and wanted to fuck me, but wouldn't as I was with Susie. Susie, however, wanted to see what is was like to use me for her sexual pleasure with another person – a woman for the first time she tried it. So, Janey was obviously the best person.

They both then told me that as I often helped people who were pissed to get back to their houses and into bed (and then leaving, not taking advantage of them), the "pissed as newts" approach would work.

I told them with mock indignation that I was horrified that they would take advantage of my good nature in that way, and that it'd better not ever happen again.

Susie snuggled up next to me, looked over to Janey who was idly running her fingers over her nipples, and told me that she was terribly sorry, and to make up for it, she'd take me out the next night with Janey...