 "Heeeeeey stud," said Dana and Mallory as they passed me and giggled on their water break. 

"Dude, alright," said Mike. Mike played back row for the boy's team. "Those seniors from the girl's team are totally into you. You should chase after them."

"No they're not. I just lent some money a while back and now their teasing me. If I asked them out they would definitely turn me down. Besides I'm just a freshman here, they wouldn't even consider me," I said easily.

"Dude what ever. If I was you I would go after them. I mean it's your choice; don't do it if you don't want to," said Mike. 

"Hey breaks over. Start the passing drills," bellowed coach. We all scrambled up to start the drills. You see I am on the boy's volleyball team here on campus and the girl's team practices at the same time as us and we do a lot of drills together. The girls are better at the basic skills like passing and setting, but they can't compete with the guys physically. Mike is a cool senior at the college that is like my best friend on the team. Everybody likes him so I don't know why he chose to befriend me; wait oh yah I'm like a genius to him. I'm the loser freshman who gets good grades and works hard, I help Mike with his math, so at least I got one friend. Mikes cool, but not very smart. 

He thinks I need to go after those two girls, but I already have. I learned that Dana and Mallory love to be controlled. One day after practice about a month ago I totally fucked those little slut's brains out. Since then we've fucked like rabbits. Those two love it when I control them and would do anything for me just to fuck them and give them my cum. Right now life's pretty good, but I want more.

I think if it was so easy to get a fuck out of Dana and Mallory, why not the other girls on the team. I've been watching their back middle defender: Eron. She is not very tall, because she plays defense and doesn't play up at front row where you have to jump and swing. Where she is, she just has to pass. 

Anyway she has light red, long hair that trails down her back to her ass. Also she has big red lips and blue eyes. She has a small frame with a tiny butt; her rack was average, actually I thought they were kind of small. I just want her for her long, red hair. I got a thing for hair, so what, all the girls on the girl's team have nice long hair and it suits me just fine. 

I watched her a while and kind of followed her. I know where her dorm is and which path she walks there at night. I plan to intercept her but, she always walks with three other girls; not very convenient. But I thought up a way to fix that. Remember how I said Dana and Mallory would do anything for my cum, well I let suck me off before practice. They then agreed to hold Eron back after practice for some drills.

After practice I slipped into the backroom, the first place where I fucked Dana and Mallory, and waited. Just as they said, Mallory and Dana held back Eron, their excuse was they wanted her to teach them how to short serve, which she happily did.

Soon only Mallory, Dana, and Eron where left. The girls told me they would hold her back for fifteen minutes, so I went out the back way. I worked my way down the desolate path which Eron took every night. As soon as I found a place where there were no buildings around and I could hide a stooped behind a bush and waited. 

After what seemed for ever I heard footsteps, but I heard more than one pair. Then three voices that I recognized, thank goodness, Mallory and Dana decided to walk Eron back. I had anticipated this but the girls would only help me. Hey they might even add to the pleasure, but I would only let them watch; Eron was mine. 

The voices were now on top of, it was time. I jumped out of the bush and grabbed the startled Eron.

"Hey what are you do..." was all she got to say as Mallory gagged her with some gym socks. I knew those girls would come in handy, I'm glad they came. I then bound Eron's hands behind her back and ripped her hair tie off so her beautiful red hair fell to her shoulders. I then threw her over a bench that was along the path and tied her ankles to the bench leg. 

Her face was flat against the bench seat as she leaned over the arm with her ass in the air. She did not have enough abdomen strength to stand up; she was trapped. I took out my pocket knife and cut her clothes off until she was in her bra and panties. Her breasts somehow looked bigger in my lust hanging from her chest in the air.

I stepped beside her, drew my hand back and brought it down hard against the side of her tit. She let out a muffled Scream. 

"No one can hear you." I came down hard again on her left tit. Then I smacked the right one. I cut her bra off with my knife those swollen red tits fall loose from their encasement. I then moved back behind her. 

Positioning my self directly behind her I started my onslaught on her ass; beating her cheeks with my hand. I kept going until the redness around her panties spread halfway up her spine. I took my knife, being extremely careful not to cut her, and slid the blade between her ass cheeks to remove her panties. 

She broke out in a cold sweat as she felt the cold steel touch her inner crack. Once her panties were removed, she let out a huge breath out of her nostrils. I stood back and looked at her red irritated body; the same color as her hair. 

I came around and put my face next to hers. She tried to pull away but I grabbed a fistful of her hair. I held her hair in my hands as I sniffed it and nuzzled it against my own face. I gently stroked her hair and nibbled on her ear. I reached back and trailed my fingers across her moist pussy lips; I was arousing her. I then slid my middle finger in knuckle deep; she let out a moan.

"So you're enjoying this," I whispered in her ear. "You're such a little slut," I said as a slid in another finger. She let out another muffled moan. I pulled the sock from her mouth and drove another finger. This time she let out a little cry. I withdrew my fingers and stood up, not letting go of her hair and bid the forgotten Dana and Mallory towards me. They had both been playing with each other and were both already stripped naked. Undress me I said, and they did so.

I took turns with my hands as they pulled my shirt over my head. They then pulled down my shorts and briefs. The autumn night was cool and my member needed to be awakened. I motioned them and they started to play with me. 

With one hand holding Eron's hair by its ends I returned my other hand to her pussy. Slowly I rubbed her clit with my thumb and she let out yet another moan. 

As soon as I was hard the girls started to lick my spear head. I drew them off and they pouted. I strictly explained that this night was not for them and that I was preserved for Eron. Just then I swore, out of the corner of my eye, I saw Eron smile. What a little whore.

I then again, not letting go of her hair, positioned my self behind her. Slowly I teased her entrance with my spear head. Rubbing it up and down between her lips and all around the outside. I could tell by way her muscles strained in her legs she wanted me inside her tunnel bad. Since my excursion with the girls earlier before practice I would only be able come once, but I would last longer. 

I entered her slowly, only centimeters at a time. 

"Oh my god," she screamed. It was slow torture to her and she couldn't stand it any more. She then rammed her hips back into me; impaling herself 7 ½ on my spear. 

"Ohh man, you're such a little whore," I said, "and I'm fuck you like one." I started my rhythmic pace as she bore into me. Soon our bodies were slapping together in unison; her coming to meet me. I looked over to see what those two horny girls were up to. 

Mallory was riding Dana in similar style to me and at the same pace. Oh that is so hot her mimicking me, her master, that little sex slave. Mallory even had Dana's curls wrapped around her fist; the same way I had Eron's.

The image got me really horny so I started to spank Eron's ass as I rode and bore into her canal. Mallory did the same. I took turns with my free hand pinching Eron's nipple and slapping her juicy flesh mound. I looked over and Mallory was doing the exact same smiling back at me as Dana and Eron screamed in pleasure.

"That is so Fucking hot," I said out loud.

"You are Fucking hot. Give it to that little Bitch Eron," replied Mallory as she reached over slapped Eron's ass. I reared back and simultaneously broke my hand down on Dana's ass and gave Eron an extra hard and deep one. They both let out cries of pain and pleasure that were music to my ears. 

All the excitement had put me closer to the edge and I could feel the semen in my balls stirring. I firmly grasped Eron's hair and Yanked it back, pulling her head up and making her scream. I pulled tighter and I could feel the muscles in her vagina squeezing my spear. I was getting really close. 

"Quick," I said to Mallory, "cut her ankles free." Mallory dismounted her bitch and cut the rope binding Eron to the bench with my knife. I released the hair and threw Eron, with her hands still tied behind her, on her back in the path. 

I positioned my self above her face and demanded, "Suck it you little Bitch!" She opened her mouth and I rammed my spear 7 ½ inches into her throat; my shaven balls bobbing at her lips. 

I could feel my self coming so seconds before I shot my load I pulled out in front of her face. I grabbed my shaft near the head and stretched back straining the skin and widening my whole. With a wave of lust I shot load after load of my creamy solution onto her face: clogging her nostrils, filling her open mouth and gelling her beautiful red hair. 

Mallory crawled over and licked my salty deposits from Eron's face. Dana sat beside me and jacked my slowly limping member. I looked at Dana and said, "It looks like you now have a bitch." She smiled as she bent down and lapped the remnants of my remaining cum.