 Authors note: Thank you everybody for your very kind comments. Enjoy

Buck woke up Saturday morning to Suzanne’s soft hands caressing his stomach and chest. Suzanne was lying on top of him. His Cock was rock hard lying flat across his groin and stomach surrounded in the valley between Suzanne’s hard nippled breasts. Suzanne was sliding back and forth fucking him in the valley between her breasts. Every now and then she would duck her head and suck the end of his 11 Inch Cock into her mouth as it poked out the top of her breasts and run her tongue into the slit and all over the head.

“Morning baby,” Buck gasped. “Aaaaahhhhh God, that feels so good Suz. If you don’t stop baby I’m going to drown you in jizz. Jesus,” he groaned as she sucked 3 inches into her mouth and gently scraped her teeth on his tender Cock.

Suzanne released his Cock and slithered up his body like a snake. When the head cleared her pussy his Cock snapped to attention sticking straight up. She slithered back down until his Cock was rubbing against the lips of her throbbing pussy. Suzanne crossed her legs trapping his cock against her pussy and between her soft thighs.

“Morning sweetheart,” Suzanne said, “I love the feel and taste of your big cock in my mouth. I’m going to Fuck you and chew on you all day. First though I want you to slow Fuck Paddy like you did me last night. We 69ed this morning so her pussy is wet and juicy just waiting. I screamed into her pussy when she sucked my clit and finger fucked my asshole. God I want you to Fuck my ass so bad. My asshole is throbbing just thinking about it. Oh Buck I love you so much.” She kissed him hard and released his Cock saying, “Fuck her now, right now. I want to watch.”

Buck rolled over between Patricia’s soft thighs as she opened her heavy eyes. Buck said, “I’m going to make love to you Paddy. Maybe I’ll make you pregnant if you’re not on the pill. I’m going to slow Fuck you Paddy. Have you ever been slow Fucked.” Buck inserted the head of his cock into her twitching pussy as he kissed Patricia and slowly started to work his Cock into her cunt.

Patricia wrapped her legs around his as she gasped, “Oooooooohhhhhhh God, Master Cumming,” at the 4 inch mark. Buck continued to work his Cock deeper into her cunt slowly. Patricia groaned, “Damn, cumming again Master,” at the eight inch mark. Buck could feel her cervix against the head of his tender cock as he continued to work deeper past Patricia’s cervix and up into her womb. Patricia was frantically trying to speed up the friction as Buck slowly stroked her cunt. “Can’t, stand, fucking, this, slow, Master, please,” Patricia moaned in between gasps for air. Buck continued to slow Fuck her. Patricia’s orgasms were coming one on top of another, each one more intense than the one before. “Ooohhh, Master, please, faster,” Patricia pleaded and begged. 

Buck had his big Cock in Patricia’s womb and just held it there. He was having trouble now controlling his orgasm. He was constantly kissing and nuzzling Patricia’s neck and ears. Buck whispered in her ear, “I’m going to shoot my jizz directly into your womb Paddy. Those little sperms are going to fertilize your eggs if you’re not on the pill. Do you want a baby Paddy?” Buck was starting to loose control as he could feel the sperm starting its journey from his testicles up his long Cock and into Patricia’s womb.

“Oh, God, yes, Master,” Patricia whimpered in between gasps for air, “Give, me, your, baby. Can’t, stop, cumming.” Patricia’s cunt was constantly spasming and milking Buck’s cock, as she squirmed beneath him trying to achieve orgasm. “Please, Master,” she gasped, “quit, teasing, Fuck, me, hard.”

Buck drove them both into a massive orgasm with one hard 8 inch stroke of his cock. “Aaaaaaaahhhhhhhh God,” Buck groaned, “Here comes your baby Paddy,” as his Cock pulsed massive amounts of sperm into her womb. Her eye’s rolled up into her head as her pussy clamped his Cock like a vice. “You like being Fucked like this don’t you Paddy?” as he collapsed on top of her. Patricia was kissing his neck as he whispered in her ear, “You’re such a slut, you can’t get enough sex.”

Suzanne was on Buck like a tiger as soon as he rolled off Patricia. She sucked his softening cock into her soft mouth and down into her throat. She worked her mouth and throat up and down his cock as she started to massage his balls. It took her about 5 minutes to make Buck’s Cock rock hard again. Suzanne rose up over his big Cock and took it into her wet and twitching pussy with one stroke saying, “Now it’s my turn to milk you dry.” Suzanne had all 11 inches deep in her pussy and into her womb when she gasped, “Fertilize my eggs. I quit taking my birth control pills yesterday.” Her pussy muscles were starting to ripple up and down his cock as she tried to suck his sperm out of his cock and into her womb.

Buck groaned, “Oooohhh God, you bitches are going to kill me.” He pulled Suzanne toward him as he leaned forward and sucked 1 of her 2 inch nipples into his mouth causing her to gasp as he started to suck and chew on it. Buck rolled her over on her back and started to work his Cock back and forth a little. Buck quit sucking her nipple and moved up to her neck and ears. Suzanne was moaning and squirming against him as he whispered in her ear, “Did you really stop taking them yesterday? Do you really want my baby?”

Suzanne was gasping for breath and couldn’t form sentences but she managed to whimper, “Yes baby.” She kissed him hard her tongue exploring his mouth. She broke the kiss and gasped, “Ooooooohhhhh nnnnooo, can’t stop.” Suzanne’s whole body locked in an orgasmic freeze released and then locked again released and locked yet a third time. Her vaginal muscles locked down tight on Bucks cock each time. Suzanne’s eyes rolled up into her head as she mumbled unintelligible words.

Buck groaned as Suzanne’s pussy locked down on his big cock to the point of causing pleasurable pain. Buck moaned, “Oooooooohhhhhh God Suz, your pussy is sucking the juice out of me,” when her pussy locked down a second time. Buck felt his sperm once again making the journey up his Cock into a fertile womb for the second time in less than an hour. When Suzanne’s pussy locked down a third time Buck grunted, “Jesus, incredible,” as his Cock and Balls pumped another massive load of sperm. He shouted, “Aaaahhhhhhh shit,” when he felt Patricia’s hands massaging his balls and her tongue running in and out of his rectum. His cock pumped and pumped as Patricia ran a finger into his ass and massaged his prostrate gland until he passed out on top of Suzanne from the sheer pleasure.

Buck was lying on his back as he started to recover. He could hear soft moans and cries. He forced his eyes open to find Patricia and Suzanne licking, kissing and sucking each others pussies in the 69 position with Suzanne on top. They were sucking his cum out of each others cunt. Suzanne’s clit was inflamed and she was squirming her pussy against Patricia’s lips. Buck thought damn these girls are insatiable as the cries and moans continued. Buck just shook his head as he got off the bed and made his way to the bathroom on wobbly legs.

He was urinating when there was a soft knock at the door. He finished and walked over to the door and peeked through the peep hole. Kris was standing there in short shorts, a cutoff sweat shirt and sandals. Buck was of course nude. He smiled to himself as he opened the door and stuck his head around the edge.

“Hi Kris. What are you doing here?” he inquired. “Where’s your side kick Donna?”

“Donna’s at the pool sunbathing. My complexion is to fair for that, I burn easy. Aren’t you going to ask me in?” Kris said. “Sounds like there is an orgy going on from all the cries and moans I hear.” Kris licked her soft red lips in anticipation.

Buck reached around the corner and pulled her into the suite. He closed and dead bolted the door. Buck was standing behind Kris and ran his hands up under her cut off to find her bare breasts. He ran his hands over her breasts and tweaked her nipples as he whispered in her ear, “There is an orgy. Do you want to join? You’ll probably get Fucked and Sucked. You might even get your ass Fucked. Have you ever had your ass Fucked, Kris?” Buck kissed her neck softly and ran his tongue around her ear as he dropped his right hand and started to massage her pussy through her shorts.

“Oh God,” Kris moaned as Buck tweaked her nipples especially hard. “I’ve never had a cock in my ass. Only a finger and it hurt. Jesus.” Buck had unbuttoned the top of her shorts and ran his fore and index finger down into her shorts trapping her clitoral hood and clitoris between them. Kris was squirming her ass back against him as she moaned, “Ooooooooohhhhhh God, You’re making me cum,” as she road his fingers to the land of pleasure. “Please, oh please I need to be Fucked by that big cock of yours.” Her shorts had a big wet stain because she was wearing no panties.

Buck took her hand and led her into the bedroom. Kris gasped at the scene before her. Suzanne was face down on the bed screaming into a pillow. Patricia was sucking on the raised rim of her rectum and running her tongue occasionally into her ass. Buck was behind Kris again massaging her breasts and tweaking her nipples. Kris was grinding her ass against Buck’s hardening cock as he said, “You want some of that Kris? You want someone to suck your ass and pussy before I Fuck them with my Cock?” Kris was gasping as Buck said, “Girls, we have company. Who wants some fresh meat?”

Patricia looked up and smiled as she stopped and came over to Kris. Patricia pulled Kris’ shorts down her legs and hooked her finger into Kris’ pussy. Patricia was massaging her G spot as she asked, “Master, may I play with her for awhile? I’ll get her ready for your Cock. Let me suck her pussy and ass. Please Master.” Kris’ pussy juice was streaming down her thighs as she humped her pussy on Patricia’s fingers. Buck felt Patricia’s other hand massage his balls and stroke his hardening cock once.

Kris was shuddering and her legs were trembling as she moaned, “Of God, she’s playing with my asshole.” Buck was still massaging her breasts and tweaking her nipples as Kris frantically humped her hips on Patricia’s hand. Kris gasped, “Her fingers in my asshole. Can’t stand it. Cumming.” Patricia was finger fucking Kris’ ass, massaging her G spot and sucking on her clit. The only reason Kris didn’t fall was Buck holding her up and still massaging her breasts and tweaking her nipples. Kris moaned and gasped through her orgasm. Buck laid her on the bed as she moaned, “ Wonderful.”

Buck was behind Patricia now and reached up and tweaked her tender nipples hard. He kissed her on the neck and then whispered in her ear, “You may play with Kris Paddy. Do you want your anal vibe?” Patricia nodded her head. Buck stuck his index finger in his mouth and loaded it with saliva. He reached down and ran his index finger into Patricia’s ass causing her to gasp. He rotated his finger around in her ass causing her to moan as he said, “I’m going to Fuck your ass again Paddy and then make you suck the jizz out of my cock.” He walked over and got the anal vibe out of the bag and handed it to Patricia.

Suzanne was trying to get off the bed but when she stood up her legs were too weak and she collapsed on the floor. Buck walked over and helped her to her feet and then just scooped her into his arms and carried her into the jacuzzi. They were sitting in the jacuzzi when Buck said, “I’m sorry baby. Here we are with people again and I promised you today would be for us.”

Suzanne was sitting astraddle of Buck facing him as she put her arms around his neck and kissed him hard drilling her nipples into his chest. She was squirming on his hardening cock as she said, “I know how we can get some time alone. Why don’t I just live with you when we go home, that way I could take care of you all the time. I’ll give you the money it would cost me to live in the dorm. I could still work and I’d have a quiet place to study. I won’t be any trouble. I promise.” She was squirming in his lap the whole time she was talking. “Oh God,” she moaned, “I’ve been fucked and sucked so much and I’m horny again.” Suzanne reached down and positioned his Cock at the mouth of her pussy and slid all the way down with a, “Aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh good.” Suzanne was squirming on Buck’s lap and having small orgasms. Buck heard another knock on the door. Suzanne moaned, “No, please,” as Buck lifted her off his hard cock.

Buck got out of the Jacuzzi and quickly dried himself. He walked to the door and looked through the peep hole. “Damn,” he muttered. Donna was standing there in a string bikini. Buck opened the door and peeked around the edge of the door as he was still nude. “Hi Donna,” he said, “looking for Kris?” Just then there was a loud moan from the bedroom. Buck reached around the door and pulled Donna into the room. Buck closed and dead bolted the door again.

He turned to face Donna as she gasp, “Oh my God. That’s the biggest cock I’ve ever seen.” Donna reached out tentavely and touched Buck’s cock and then wrapped both hands around it as she slowly started to jack him off. “Jesus, I can’t get my hand around it,” she moaned as she dropped to her knees and started to lick and kiss the head of Buck’s big cock. Suzanne came walking into the room and smiled when she saw what was going on.

Buck reached down and pulled Donna to a standing position. He untied the string to the bikini top and let it fall to the floor. Suzanne did the same to the bottom. Donna was only a couple inches taller than Suzanne. Donna had nice 34b breasts with bullet nipples and a nice round ass that stuck out and said fuck me. Donna had a thick one inch clit that was sticking out of its clitoral hood. Buck smiled at Suzanne as he said, “Finger fuck her and suck her clit Suz while I play with her Tits.”

Donna shuddered as Suzanne dragged her finger up between the lips of Donna’s pussy and rolled her thick clit between her fingers. Suzanne said, “You’re going to love this Donna” as she knelt and ran her tongue around the gasping Donna’s clit. Suzanne inserted 2 fingers in Donna’s pussy and started massaging her G spot as she sucked her clit into her mouth. Donna’s legs were trembling as Buck continued to massage her breasts and tweak her nipples.

Buck leaned forward and kissed Donna’s neck and ran his tongue around her ear. “Have you ever been fucked in the ass Donna? We’re going to grease up your ass and I’m going to split it open with my cock. First though I’m going to run all 11 inches deep into your cunt. Your cumming aren’t you Bitch?”

“God yes,” Donna hissed and then gasped, “Oh shit, she’s finger fucking my ass and pussy together. Can’t, oh God, no, stand, it, cumming” as Donna leaned back into Buck to keep from falling.

“Nnnnnnnnnnnoooooooo Mistress, please, not again,” Kris screamed from the other room. Buck picked Donna up and carried her to the bedroom with Suzanne following. Kris was on her back with her ass high off the bed as Patricia work a Vibe up and down her cunt causing Kris to beg and plead when she stopped on her clit. Then she would hit a button on the anal vibe causing Kris to scream in pleasure. Kris was moaning, “No, no, please no, Mistress, not again,” as Buck laid Donna on the bed. 

Patricia smiled at Buck and said, “Kris’ cunt and ass are ready for your big cock now Master. Do you wish me to get this one ready Master?”

“Yes Paddy, you may prepare Donna,” Buck said, “Suzanne will help you, she will also assist me with Kris when I’m ready. Paddy, give me the remote”

Buck walked over to the night stand and picked up the bottle of Kama Sutra oil that was sitting there. Buck leaned down and whispered in Kris’ ear “You are about to experience pleasure beyond your wildest imagination. I’m going to take you on a trip to the edge of the universe and back. When I’m finished you will address me as Master and Suzanne as Mistress. Do you understand Kris?”

Kris was very weak as she moaned, “No, never. I’m not going to be anybodies slave.”

Buck smiled as he said, “We’ll see. Let us begin.” Buck positioned Kris on the edge of the bed with her legs over his shoulders. He spread the lips of her pussy with his thumb and forefinger pursed his lips and placed them between the lips of her pussy. Kris gasped as he sent his 3 inch tongue into her pussy. Her soft thighs locked around his ears as she tried to get her pussy as tight against his lips as she could. Her ass jumped when he hit 6 on the anal vibe. Buck was flicking her G spot with his tongue when he turned the vibe up to 7. Her ass jumped and her pussy shot a stream of her girl juice. Buck asked, “Do you like that Kris? Are you ready for my Cock now Kris? Do you want to feel it deep in your pussy?” Buck hit 8 on the vibrator causing Kris to scream and her pussy to shoot another stream of girl juice.

“Fuck me,” Kris gasped, “Please. I, oh God, cock, fuck, cumming,” in between gasps for air. Buck turned her so she was laying length wise on the bed. He was setting on his legs with his hard cock lying across her clit. Kris pleaded, “Please, oh, please, fuck, me,” as she gasped for air. “Need, cock, please,” she begged.

Buck smiled as he said, “How do you ask Kris? You know how to ask Kris,” as he swabbed the head of his 11 inch cock up between the lips of her pussy causing her to gasp. Buck inserted just the head of his cock into Kris. Her legs wrapped around his waist as she desperately tried to pull herself onto his cock. The head of his cock was lying directly on her G spot and her pussy was spasming wildly. “Maybe I should turn the vibrator up to 9 and see what happens. Shall we try that Kris,” he asked as he held up the remote and let his thumb fall on the number 9.

Kris’ eyes were wild and sightless as she was having continuous orgasms. She pleaded and begged in a whisper, “Please, God, no, more, can’t, stand, more.” Kris was humping her pussy up and down on the head of Buck’s cock trying to get relief. She screamed softly, “Nnnnooo,” as Buck hit 9 on the remote. Kris finally broke as she pleaded and begged in between gasps, “Master, please, Master, it, off.” Kris couldn’t form sentences and was having trouble with words as Buck ran his cock into her 8 inches.

“Is this what you want Kris? Do you want it all Kris deep in your womb? Feels good doesn’t it Kris?” Buck pulled back 3 inches and then ran his cock past her cervix and up into her womb and held it there as her pussy continued to spasm wildly. “I think it’s time for 10 Kris, don’t you?”

“Master, no, please, no,” Kris begged in a whisper as she went into an orgasmic freeze just as Buck hit 10 on the remote for 15 seconds and then turned it off. Kris passed out from the pure pleasure. Her legs, arms and torso were twitching with muscle spasms. Buck pulled his cock out and rolled her over on her stomach and gently removed the vibrating plug from her ass. Kris was moaning, “Can’t believe it, wonderful” as she started to recover.

Buck handed the plug to Patricia and spread the cheeks of Kris’ ass. He sucked the raised rim of her asshole causing her to Gasp, “Oh God Master, what are you doing?” She moaned, “Master, please,” when he ran his tongue into her asshole and tasted her tartness. “Master, don’t stop, please,” she moaned as Buck removed his tongue and replaced it with his finger. Buck removed his finger and spread her asshole wide as he poured some Kama Sutra oil into her asshole. He inserted 2 fingers and started to work the oil deeper into her ass. Kris’ ass was humping against his fingers as she tried to get them deeper in her ass.

Donna and Suzanne were in a 69 position with Donna on top moaning as she sucked on Suzanne’s long and hard clit and licked her pussy. Suzanne was sucking Donna’s clit and finger fucking Donna’s pussy. Patricia had worked the anal vibe into Donna’s ass and smiled at Buck as she hit 5 on the remote. Donna screamed, “Ooohhh God, good” as she squirmed her pussy tighter against Suzanne’s lips. “Can’t stop cumming,” she whined.
