  Best enjoyed if you read the earlier parts, at least Chapter one. 

*****

I stood very tall gazing at the four men, my groin now quite determined to have its own pleasure. My nipples were stiff against my dress, I vowed to make the boys' cocks hard again. My head whirled with the most extraordinary admixture of lust-driven thoughts.

"Why don't you boys take a pit stop in the bathroom, and then let's retire to the bedroom. More privacy there. More comfortable." 

I suddenly realized how potentially visible we had been in the study. It is not in the absolute front part of the house, but our activities would have been quite a sight if someone had wandered by on a walk outside. 

I went hand-in-hand to the bedroom with Jim.

"You sure?" I asked, looking carefully into his face. 

"You are so ... incredible," he said, eyebrows arching. "I haven't seen you this ... excited, exciting ... in a long time, ever." His voice trailed off. I wasn't sure what thoughts were behind his words, maybe some surprised awe at the sexual energy my efforts had produced? At just how much desire was in the air?

"Can I ask a favor?" I was very hopeful.

"What?" he asked, his eyes wide, perhaps a little worried at what my request might be.

"Can I save you until later, after everyone's gone? I would really enjoy that."

"You won't be too tired for me?" This apparently was his only concern.

"No, not at all." We kissed and embraced.

Rob's big frame then filled up the doorway, the others behind him.

"Come on in fellas," I said. "Might as well get the rest of your clothes off, this room is going to get mighty warm."

Roderick laughed and the boys pulled shirts and everything else off. They all looked fine - good strong male bodies in their prime, well accustomed to physical work.

Then, I was taken by surprise, really the first time that night. 

Rob stood forward. "I think we should give you a little backrub," he said carefully. "Kinda a repayment for hosting us." I liked the way he said "hosting."

My face flushed a little but I was grateful for the offer. Rob and Jim untied my dress in the back and pulled it and my shoes off. Billie was totally surprised to see my thong, his mouth open like a carp out of water. I still wanted to wear my stockings however, oddly enough I felt more exposed by leaving them on.

I was keenly aware that a whole room full of men were staring at my near-naked body. If their eyes had been laser beams, my nipples would have been burnt to a crisp. I held my stomach in a little, but probably didn't need to. 

They laid me down on my front on the bed and went to work on me. 

I don't mind telling you it was sweet. Strong energetic hands, four pair of them, working over each little corner of my body at the same time. I felt my shoulders relax, my legs, my back, my rump, everywhere. I just closed my eyes and let the built-up tension in me go away. 

One by one the hands left off, and I was left with just Rob on top of me, straddling my hips, rubbing my shoulders, his big paws kneading my muscles into submission. I could feel that his penis had hardened and was resting on the small of my back. A little shudder of anticipated pleasure ran through me. 

I urged him off me, and turned over on my back. A quick look at Rob and Jim was enough for them to each take a side of my thong and pull it off me, smoothly easing it off and down my stocking-encased legs. 

And my groin was now out for all to see. I felt open and entirely vulnerable and yet intensely excited. 

This was the first time in the evening when some doubt crept in. What was I doing? I was Jim's steadfast wife, devoted mother of Aden and Buster, now naked, groin gaping open, thighs spread wide, my crotch subject to (or rather, inviting), penis-invasion by Jim's best buddies?

I knew that once I had taken Roderick's member into my mouth, maybe even when I had first retrieved Jim's cock from his pants under the card table, that I had passed over a threshold which I would never entirely be able to recross. And of course, everything had then escalated rapidly and already now I had taken many mouthfuls of sperm from each of these guys. 

And here I was, expecting, more eagerly than I ever would have imagined, to have more sperm from them injected into me. They would never - despite my urging for secrecy - ever be able to look at me again quite the same way. Nor I them. 

I was at the edge of the three-meter diving-board now, looking down over my toes into the deep end of the pool, and my stomach gave a flutter. 

But I wanted this to continue. I wanted to know each of these guys more intimately, feel their desire for me, experience the sensation of their erect vibrant cocks up me, their sperm jetting into my insides, giving them pleasure, experiencing my own pleasure. And then to celebrate with Jim. Or at least that was my hope. 

My groin won out over my nerves, not for the first time in my life. It squeezed with anticipation and I was gripped in the power of my own seeping, humid, vaginal excitement. 

I pulled my hair thingy off and shook my hair out so it was loose and wild. Jim always said he liked it so much when my hair was spread out over the pillows in bed. I looked so much more wanton that way, he maintained - inviting, beckoning, seductive. Jim's eyes gleamed when I did this, the other guys' eyes were lean and hungry looking.

"You first," I spoke hoarsely to Jim, "then Rob? Can you get me a little warmed up?" I squeezed my crotch, then almost giggled. "Not like I am going to need a lot." They knew what I meant.

Jim nestled in between my legs and licked me. It was sweet, he was slow, and I felt my lips get more aroused as his tongue went up and down them. But I was anxious to have Rob there too, this hadn't been part of my original plan, but I wanted his mouth there too, and I gestured him over. 

His chin stubble was a bit jarring, and he felt completely different than Jim, although he too was soft and gentle. I thought about his tongue probing his own wife, Sharon, and her big hips and pelvis eagerly moving around underneath his ministrations. 

"Billie, come here." I gestured him over to my head and had him kneel next to me. I wanted a two-ring circus. His penis was only half-hard, and I took him in my mouth, again, for a few minutes. 

Having it grow in my mouth, build up arousal, become an appendage stiff enough to do some penetrating, all this was gratifying to me. I was not sure how long he would last inside me, but he had come once already and on the second round was likely to go a little longer at least. 

After a quick taste, mostly for my own amusement, but also to establish his readiness, I urged him down to my groin, as Rob made way. It had felt nice to have stimuli from two different places. 

Billie had a goof-ball look on his face and his stiff little penis slid up me easily enough.

"Go slow," I urged him, and he began to rock his hips into mine.

Well, he went slow for maybe the first dozen thrusts or so, then pretty much picked up pace quickly. His skinny hips soon were pushing into me hard, the root of his penis banging into the top of my mound nicely. 

But the rapidity of his movements made it felt like I was being attacked by a crazed ferret. Or maybe from the sidelines it looked like one of those antique kids' whirligig toys where a miniature woodsman saws at a log. In-and-out, faster and faster, mindless, methodical, mechanical.

I urged Roderick over, I might as well keep the line coming. This would be one of my long-imagined fantasies, never even confessed to Jim, about having two cocks attend to me at the same time. 

Nuzzling his nuts and taking his cock into my mouth, while Billie was pushing frantically at the other end of my torso - that was extraordinary. My imagination had always included this part, but it was even nicer in real time. 

Billie's penis slid fast and easily inside me, and I could take my time to savor the taste and feel of Roderick's cock. Once again, I delighted in sliding his foreskin up and down over his cockhead, the smell and up-close visual of his penis right in my face absolutely captivating. 

I entered my own little world, not even paying much attention to either of the guys doing all this, just focusing on both the cock in front of my face and in my mouth, and the delicious sensations emanating from my own groin below. It was marvelous. 

But Billie had begun pushing frantically now, making little animal-like grunts. I put one hand on his rump to feel it squeezing away, and slid my other set of fingers up and down Roderick's penis, so hard and smooth. Billie put his head down on my shoulder and I could feel his penis discharge within me. His rump movements changed, no longer frantic, they were long and urgent, and he pushed his penis as deep into me as it would go, the last thrusts prolonged, the last drop of sperm pushed to the top of my channel.

Billie pulled out, after a short rest on me, his slender body completely limp on top of me. Again, it looked like his face had no idea of what sort of expression to make. Ultimately it settled into a pleased little smile, and I urged Roderick down.

His cock had tasted so good, it was quite hard now, and bobbed stiffly as he shifted down to my groin. He settled carefully on top of me, I smelled his hair and his tart salty underarm scent. He was so much larger and heavier than Jim, I wondered how well I would support his body on top of me. But he seemed to be conscious of our size difference and was careful.

He used one hand to position his penis, and then he was up me, smoothly, almost before I was aware of it. He moved lovely, his penis was so much thicker than Billie's, and I delighted in the grip my groin-lips gave his girth when he began his strong, slow, delectable movements inside me. 

My eyes found Rob's, and he too came over to the head of the bed and knelt down next to me. I looked at his face while my fingers stroked his penis, not completely hard, then put the big round head of it into my mouth.

Again, twice now, I was treated to the pleasure of a penis at both ends of me. It was better than I ever imagined, I could let my consciousness go to either end, feel a hardening cock in my mouth, and an energetic one pushing inside me, stretching me, doing lovely things to the top of my notch. 

Roderick must have been holding some of his weight off me somehow, since I did not feel oppressed by his bulk. He moved his rump in a variety of ways, not keeping the same rhythm for long, but going quickly, then slowing down, then making an odd side-to-side motion. 

Rob's cock in my mouth had gotten quite hard, I had him straddle my head so I could lick and suck his balls for diversion. 

This changed the whole deal for me, most of my sight taken away with just a giant excited crotch over my face, sweet turgid balls in my mouth, while Roderick plowed away. 

Sooner than I wanted, Roderick began to pick up speed. His attention must have drifted completely to the sensations in his groin too, as his body now felt very heavy on me. I put a hand on his haunches to feel them in their final throes. He was pushing hard, violently. 

He came with a series of exhales, his mouth fastened on my neck, and his penis ended with a mighty thrust, and a slow series of last pushes. 

Rob got off my head, and I saw Roderick dismount. He gave me a long satisfied look, and I liked the way his penis appeared in the light of the room, all wet and dangling as it emerged from the warm, welcoming grip my crotch had just had on him. His cock was in full retreat, I knew it would look nearly lifeless within just a few minutes. 

Rob traced his fingers around my breasts, tweaked each erect nipple until I gave a little shudder, just short of an uncomfortable pain, and nestled himself down at my crotch. He knelt, looking at me the whole time, and used one hand to place his cockhead right at my lips. He teased me a bit, running his penis up and down them. I was wet beyond belief and becoming anxious for some relief.

And then slowly, he pushed home and laid on top of me. He took me by surprise and started kissing me while we coupled, his tongue moving inside my mouth, his hands tracing lines along my flanks. 

The sensations jumbled about. Rob was not Jim. His body was larger, his movements so different. How can two males fuck so differently? It's the same thing, after all. But he was kissing me, running his hands over my flanks, up and down, and his penis was doing lovely things to my insides. 

And he was in full-desire mode. His rump made conscious, deliberate movements, pushing his cock in, pulling it out. I delighted in feeling with my hands the movement of his rump and back as he arched and pushed, arched and pushed. 

His big body covered me, his strong arms holding me tight. It was intoxicating. 

Suddenly we were all startled to hear a cell-phone ring. It was Roderick's, and he frantically rifled through his crumpled up jeans piled on the floor looking for the right pocket. 

"Hey Chrissie," he said a bit breathlessly, after grabbing his phone and finally stabbing a finger at the right button. We all listened to see if we could hear what she was saying, but we couldn't make out the words.

"Ah yeah ... running a bit late tonight. I'll be home soon," he said a bit sheepishly. 

Billie stifled a snicker.

"Ah, no... I've done okay. Just me and the boys are still enjoying ourselves. Not too much longer."

Billie had to put his hands over his face so he wouldn't bust up laughing. 

I half wanted to grab the phone and pull it down to my crotch to catch the noises being made by Rob, who hadn't stopped pushing into me. I almost laughed aloud with the idea. Almost wanted to start moaning loudly so Chrissie could hear what was going on. Yell out that I really enjoyed the thick strong manly taste of the sperm from her husband's penis.

"Yeah, okay honey... yep, see you shortly," and Roderick got off the phone, his face very red. 

Rob's movements were enchanting. I did not have another cock to attend to, so I was able to focus on the movements of his own penis, how his pubic area pressed nicely into me, the friction and pleasure produced by our coupling. The prolonged attention to my groin was beginning to accumulate.

Rob kissed me hard, deeply. It was odd, since I had done all these other intimate things with these guys, but here was big strong Rob, on top of me, and his tongue was moving around my mouth, probing, slipping about.

Rob's mouthwork moved my arousal another notch forward. I found myself raising my legs, circling them around his back, gripping his flanks with my thighs, letting him move more deeply into me. He had found a nice rhythm and the climax I had been building towards all evening suddenly started accelerating. 

He put his hands under my ass, spreading my cheeks a bit, and then I came, my breath leaving me completely. I do not normally make much noise when climaxing, but my breath vanished with a prolonged exhale as my groin squeezed rhythmically around Rob's penis. 

It was an inside-out climax, heightened by all the energy I had thrown into the evening. His penis felt marvelous, live and powerful. Jim said later I was much nosier than usual. 

I had to disentangle from Rob's kiss so I wouldn't bite his tongue. I turned my head to the side and came hard, my groin clenching repeatedly. It is so rare when I climax while coupling, the waves ran over me, as my crotch clenched onto Rob's cock, my hips quivering uncontrollably, so sweet. 

Of course he could tell what was going on for me underneath, big Rob, and I think my own actions spurred him on. He started humping harder, deeper, and then I felt him let go too, with strong urgent pushes at the end as he drove into me. 

And then his hips slowed, a last few deep pushes, and he was still. His bulk felt heavier all of a sudden, I noticed the smell of his hair and breath. He kissed me. It was extraordinary.

Our breathing slowly returned to normal, although I continued to run my hands over his back and now soft ass. But finally he uncoupled. I saw, with some pleasure, how small and depleted his penis was as it came out. It had done its job marvelous well.

He stood up, and extended a hand to me and pulled me up as well. Jim sidled over, bless him, and we exchanged a warm kiss. My groin was still tingling. 

None of us really quite knew how to end things, of course we had never done anything remotely like this before, but together we all more or less knew that this part of the evening was over. 

Everyone started to go about gathering up their clothes and belongings. They dressed quietly, carefully, except Jim, who pulled on pants and shirt loosely, shirttails out and buttons undone, just clothed enough so that he could get his friends to the front door in a presentable fashion. 

Before the crew made their way out of the bedroom, they stopped over and each gave me a shy kiss. I made sure to give each crotch a soft little caress through their pants by way of farewell. 

I heard snatches of conversation in the front part of the house as they left and departed to their trucks, backslaps to Jim, easy in their comfortable male affection.

"Jesus Jim, she is so fucking hot."

"Tits to die for, you lucky bastard."

"Suzanne sure sucks a mean cock."

"No idea you were sitting on such a find, man."

"Poker here any night you want, Jimbo." 

And then the front door shut, and the boys were gone.