 My Swedish girlfriend Lena had come over to England for 2 weeks holiday. We had met 6 months earlier near Gothenburg when I visited friends over there who I had met through work. She was a strawberry blonde with a slim to medium figure and we instantly got on well and ended up having sex on that first night. 

We were both aware of each other's lovers and, due to the distance apart, agreed to keep it casual. By the time we met up again it was midsummer 1992. I was 19 and Lena was 24. We were both horny for one another after all that pent up lust and she was keen to meet my lovers after admitting she was bi-curious. 

On the afternoon in question, I had invited Suzanne around. She was a fuck buddy of mine who lived in my village. She was 24 too but her boyfriend was in his fifties. Although he gave her a lot of what she needed, sex wasn't one of them and their occasional shags did nothing to satisfy her sexual desires. She was a sexy brunette with medium length hair and a great body. I knew that she would come to see me or another guy in our closest town if she needed a good fucking.

Lena and I were playing on the settee. We were kissing tenderly with lips and tongues but my shorts were already down by my ankles and Lena's hand gripped my rampantly hard cock and stroked me gently. She groaned wantonly. I had already taken her shorts and knickers off and I had 3 fingers inside her slippery cunt. She felt amazing squeezing my digits with her gaping Swedish sex. Her legs were well parted to give me good access. 

Knowing how busy my left hand was, she stopped wanking me so she could unbutton her white blouse, With my other hand I pulled her bra down over her left breast and kneaded and caressed it, leaning down to take it in my mouth as she masturbated me more vigorously. I followed her rhythm, sliding my fingers out so they stroked her engorged vulva and then thrusting them back knuckle deep into her pussy. Her nipple was as hard as a little bullet as I teased it with my tongue.

Suddenly, the flat door opened. Suzanne would have heard Lena's erotic moans as she entered. She probably thought we were already fucking but as she entered the living room she took in the sight with obvious desire. We were so aroused now that we just carried on. I introduced the girls and they greeted one another, Lena unashamedly with my fingers still in her cunt.

By the same token, Suzanne didn't waste any time. She knelt down in front of me and swirled her tongue around my swollen cockhead. "Ooh, this tastes good," she said.

Lena took the cue, pulling her hand from my 7 inch cock and watching as Suzanne took me in her mouth. There was no foreplay, she just held my cock by the base in one hand and caressed my balls with the other and went down on me like she hadn't had any cock for a month. She probably hadn't because I hadn't fucked her for a while and I remembered her telling me her other lover was going on holiday.

I had to slip my fingers out of Lena to pull Suzanne's tight orange T-shirt off. Her tits were only small but they were firm and I reached under her to play with them. Lena reached over to kiss me and we snogged passionately. She watched in intrigue as Suzanne sucked my cock like a whore. Lena removed her blouse and bra and beckoned me to suck her tits as she watched my cock being pleasured by another woman for the first time. Lena's tits weren't huge either but they were bigger than Suzannes' and I sucked them greedily.

After another 10 minutes, I slipped my fingers back up Lena and frigged her harder, 

coating them with her sweet fanny juice. "Taste this Suzanne," I said offering the 3 fingers to her mouth. I had never seen such a look of desire in her eyes and she reluctantly slipped her lips off my cock and tenderly licked my fingers, teasing herself with Lena's sweet flavour, before sucking on them greedily, lapping up every last remnant of pussy nectar.

When the girls' eyes met, no words were necessary. They had both fancied each other from the very start and their levels of arousal were so strong that there was no return. Suzanne's hot tongue licked the length of Lena's fanny. She knelt in front of her and held her thighs apart, eating Lena out, tasting Swedish pussy for the first time, dipping her tongue where my fingers had been.

I got up, taking my T-shirt off so I was completely naked too. As Suzanne licked Lena out she thrust her sexy arse in the air, knowing I was knelt behind her. She wore a sexy pair of black cycling shorts which hugged her amazing figure, showing off those great thighs and arse. She tensed as my hands pushed down their sides and I slipped them down with her damp white panties. I pulled them off and she spread her legs for me. She looked beautiful, her smooth perfect skin, her sexy arse cheeks and her pink, swollen fanny lips pushing through her thick, black, hairy mound. I was about to taste her and run my tongue up into her puckered little arsehole when she cried, "Oh, just fuck me."

Her cunt gaped open like a sweet flower and I knelt between her thighs and guided my cock inside her. She gasped and moaned louder and louder as I thrust into her relentlessly. It had been a while for both of us and we just needed hard, dirty sex. She had 4 fingers up Lena now as she licked her clit and stroked the blonde bush of hair which adorned it. I caressed Suzanne's arse as I fucked her, her soaking cunt squelching to my pounding. As I reached underneath to stroke her clit, her orgasm was almost instantaneous and she shuddered hard, tightening herself on me as I felt her hot juices coat my cock.

I asked Lena to get on all fours too and she rested her chin on the settee, spreading herself for me. I pulled my rampant male hardness out of Suzanne's wet, hairy fanny a and moved between Lena's thighs, slipping my cock into her gaping hole. I gave her the same unrelenting fucking that I gave Suzanne.

Soon Suzanne laid back and put her head underneath us and she lapped at Lena's clit and her tongue hungrily sought our love juices as I thrust in and out. I felt her tongue on my shaft as it slipped out and then on my hairy balls. I salivated heavily on my finger and probed at Lena's arsehole. As I pushed it past her sphincter and into her rectum, Suzanne pressed her tongue hard onto her clit and she cried out and came hard. As her orgasm subsided, I pulled my finger out but Suzanne continued to lick her clitoris. I fucked even harder for another 20 seconds as I got close to cumming. Then I pulled out and I wanked jet after jet of thick, creamy spunk all over Lena's cunt and arse. Suzanne opened her mouth wide and I aimed the rest at her waiting tongue. A lot hit and the rest smeared her sexy face and hair.

Lena and I had a lot, lot more fun that holiday but that's for another day.