 The soft cries of Suzanne awakened Buck. She was still sleeping with her arms folded across his chest. As he forced his sleep filled eyes open he could see the first streaks of dawn above the ridge across the valley. The morning stars were still in the clear desert sky. Suzanne must be having a sexual dream he thought. His cock was rock hard and trapped between the warm pulsing lips of Suzanne’s vagina and his stomach. She was hunching her hips sliding her vagina up and down his cock an inch or so. He could feel her big 2 plus inch clit digging into his cock and her girl juices running down over his balls onto the chaise lounge. Suzanne was moaning and crying louder as she hunched her hips more aggressively even though she was still sleeping. Buck moaned, “Oh damn,” as his cock and balls started to pulse as he shot a load of sperm between their bellies. 

Suzanne continued to hunch her hips sliding her pussy on his still hard cock as she began to wake up. She lifted her head and said softly, “Morning baby,” and kissed him softly on the lips.

“Morning sweetie. Are we a little horny?” Buck said.

Suzanne rose up and positioned his cock, “God yes,” she gasped as she slid down his long pole. “We’re a lot horny, tender too.” She had her hands on his shoulders leaning forward a little. Her beautiful 32c breasts were hanging tight with her swollen 2 inch nipples jiggling on the end of her large raised aureoles. Buck could see the remnants of his sperm on her stomach. He reached down with 2 fingers and scraped some sperm onto his fingers. He brought them up to her gasping open mouth and stuck them in. She sucked on them hard and cleaned them off. “Mmmmmmmmm good,” she moaned when he pulled his fingers out of her mouth, “I love the taste of your cum.” She looked down and saw some sperm on his stomach. She scraped some onto her fingers and rubbed it around her lips finally sucking on her own fingers. She leaned forward gasping as she kissed him. He could taste himself on her lips as she folded her arms across his chest and laid her head on them gasping, “I’m not going to move. I’m going to make us cum with just the muscles in my cunt.” 

Buck laid his head back on the pillow as her muscles began to squeeze, massage and ripple up and down his cock. Every once in awhile Suzanne would gasp and Buck could feel her warm juices gush over his balls onto the chaise lounge. He watched the sun come up over the ridge. He could feel his testicles getting tight as they once again loaded with sperm. Jesus he thought her pussy is like a third hand. He moaned, “Aaaahhhh Suz, baby, cumming,” as his cock swelled and the Jizz shot out the end deep into her pussy. Her muscles continued to squeeze and massage him as he pulsed shot after shot of sperm. “Suz, please baby, enough,” he gasp and begged as she continued to milk his still hard cock with her pussy. She was sitting up now and starting to squirm on his cock as she began to lose control. Her 2 inch long nipples were very thick and the flush on her chest started to spread. God Buck thought she is so sensual and gorgeous beyond belief. His cock was sore and his balls ached and yet for the third time that morning he felt his testicles begin to fill. He couldn’t stand watching her gorgeous breasts with those delectable nipples anymore and leaned up sucking one into his mouth. The squeeze of her pussy muscles was incredible.

“My turn,” Suzanne gasped, “Aaaaaaahhhhhhhh.” She was squirming frantically now as Buck was having trouble keeping his sucking mouth on her nipple. Her pussy just opened up and started flooding girl juice out. The only sound she could make was a whooshing sound after each gasp for air as she exhaled. It went on like that for several minutes. Buck had hold of her waist to keep her from falling as she wiggled frantically with his cock buried deep in her womb. Suddenly she cried, “My God.” Suzanne’s eyes rolled up into her head and her muscles became very rigid for several seconds, then whoosh as she released the air from her lungs. She would frantically wiggle a couple of times and then she would freeze up again. Each time she’d freeze it felt like her vaginal muscles would squeeze the diameter of Buck’s cock to half its normal size.

When Suzanne muscles froze up the last time Buck moaned, “Aaaahhh shit,” as his tired testicles and sore cock started to pump yet a third load of sperm deep into Suzanne’s womb. It was the most sensual session of sex Buck could ever remember happening in his life and he had had some. When it was over Suzanne collapsed against his chest and Buck laid his head back on the chaise lounge and closed his eyes as the warm early morning sun shined down on them. Suzanne’s soft pussy was still throbbing on his softening cock. They dozed off lying there.

When Buck opened his eyes Suzanne was trying to stand up but her legs wouldn’t work. Buck’s soft cock was still in her throbbing pussy. Buck smiled up at her and said, “What’s the matter baby, to much sex.”

“Never,” she whined, “But I’ve gotta pee and my legs won’t work.” Buck started laughing and she said, “It’s not funny, ooooohhhh nnnnooooo,” and started to lose it.

Buck could feel the tiny squirts of urine on his groin as it started to dribble out of Suzanne. Psychologically it did something to him and he reached up and pulled the very weak Suzanne onto his chest and said, “Its okay baby, piss all you want.” Suzanne was shaking her head no but she had lost it and Buck could feel her warm urine dribbling onto his groin, down his balls onto the chaise lounge and ultimately onto the balcony deck. “Feels good, doesn’t it baby? Come on baby, let it all go. Piss good for me honey.” he said. His cock was starting to throb again as she finished and he groaned, “Damn.”

“I’m so sorry,” she moaned as she struggled to get up.

“What in the world for honey? I thought it was pretty sensual.” He responded and grabbed her by the hips. “Bring that sweet tasty pussy of yours up here and let me kiss it.” He dragged her off his cock and up to his lips. 

She moaned, “Nnnnnoooo please,” as he dragged his tongue the length of her lightly haired and urine wet pussy. She cried, “To sensitive,” when he sucked her semi hard clit and flipped it with his tongue. She squirmed frantically on his lips and gasp, “No, no, no, no, oooooooohhhhhhhh good,” when he pursed his lips and placed them between the lips of her vagina sending his 3 inch tongue deep into Suzanne’s cunt flicking it like a snake at her G spot. The mixture of her sweet tasting urine, his sperm and her girl juice had a very interesting taste. 

Buck licked and sucked on Suzanne for about 5 minutes and then lifted her away saying, “Let’s go clean up and order some breakfast. We need to pack our stuff up too.”

“Not yet, it’s my turn,” Suzanne said and slithered down his body. She ingested his soft 7 inch cock and cleaned it up. She sucked his balls into her mouth, ran her tongue over his brownie a couple of times and then slithered back up his body and said, “Okay, now we can eat and pack.” She French kissed him hard and added, “It doesn’t taste bad.”

Buck helped her off the lounge and they headed for the bathroom on very weak legs. “Let’s get in the Jacuzzi first and let the warm bubbling water revive us Suz. No messing around sweetie, it needs some time to recuperate.”

Suzanne giggled and said, “I’m so tender all you’d have to do is touch me and I’d cum. You’re right though I need to recuperate a little.” She suddenly turned and hugged Buck tight as she said, “I love you so very, very much. You’re incredible.” She kissed him hard and Buck felt her shudder as he kissed her back.

They had showered and cleaned up and were in the bedroom dressing when there was a knock at the door. Buck looked at his watch. It was just 9:00am. Buck looked through the peep hole and saw Steve standing there. Steve had a big grin on his face as he handed Buck a newspaper and said, “I thought you might like to see this before you leave. There are also 300 or 400 people in the lobby waiting for you guys to come down. I think one of them is a talent agent, sir.”

Buck took a deep breath and walked over to the bar. He poured himself a cup of coffee and offered Steve some. He looked down at the paper and saw a picture of Suzanne sitting at the Grand Piano in the hotel lobby. The caption read: Once again she caused a near riot, this time at Johnny’s Lounge and then she played a concert for several hundred guests at the Desert Springs Hotel. Her name is Suzanne. Who is she? Buck started to read the article that accompanied the picture. It was continued further back in the paper and when Buck turned to the page there were several more pictures of people at the bar, hanging over the corridors and in the lobby. Buck even spotted himself in a couple of the pictures. When Buck had finished he muttered, “Damn, it this don’t beat all. You’d think she was a celebrity or something.”

Suzanne came out the bedroom just then and said, “Hi Steve, are you guys talking about me?”

“Yes we are.” Buck said, “Look,” and handed Suzanne the paper.

Buck walked over to the phone and called the hotel operator. When she answered he asked, “Are there any messages for 2112?”

“Only about a 100. There have been 6 from a lady by the name of Patricia. No one else has called multiple times that I’m aware of,” the hotel operator said.

“If you get anymore calls, tell them we have checked out and give me Patricia’s phone number,” Buck said. 

Buck called the phone number Patricia had left and a man answered and inquired who was calling. When Buck told him Patricia’s voice said, “I have it Samuels,” and there was a click as the extension hung up. “Master, have you seen this morning’s paper?”

“Yes Paddy, I have. Steve just brought it up to us.” Buck said. “Christ you’d think she is a celebrity or something the way everyone is carrying on.”

“She is Master. Suzanne has a million dollar voice, literally.” Patricia said. “A voice like hers only comes along once in a while. What time are you coming by for brunch Master?”

“We should be there about 12:30pm Paddy.” Buck answered. “Is that okay?”

“Yes Master,” Patricia had answered, “I’ll expect you then. Goodbye Master.”

“See you then. Bye Paddy.” Buck said and hung up.

Buck put the phone down and looked at Suzanne. God Buck thought it doesn’t matter what she wears, she always looks delicious. Steve was flat out staring at her. She was wearing white shorts one of those short sleeve cutoff sweat shirts and tennis shoes. Her nipples were very prominent through the sweat shirt and that’s what Steve was staring at. On the spur of the moment Buck walked up behind Suzanne and ran his hands up under her shirt and cupped her breasts. She gasped when he gently rolled her very hard nipples between his thumb and forefinger. He whispered in her ear, “No bra this morning, huh Suz?”

“I tried one but they’re so sore and tender I couldn’t stand the friction of the material rubbing my nipples,” she whined. “Oooohhh God that feels so good.”

Steve was staring hard at Suzanne his mouth practically watering when Buck lifted the sweat shirt exposing Suzanne’s breasts. “Why don’t you kiss them for her Steve and make them all better?” Buck said as he continued to massage her breasts gently. 

Suzanne gasped and moaned as Buck offered Steve her right breast. Steve gently sucked the nipple into his hungry mouth and started to suck gently causing Suzanne to moan in a quavering voice, “Uuuummm good.” Suzanne was squirming her ass against Bucks rock hard cock when Steve switched to her left nipple. “Oooohhh God,” Suzanne moaned, “He’s going to make me cum just sucking my tits.”

“Raise your arms Suz so I can get this sweat shirt off,” Buck said. Suzanne raised her arms and Buck pulled the sweat shirt off and tossed it on the chair as Steve continued to lave her breasts gently. Buck took the opportunity to strip his own clothes off before returning to caress Suzanne’s free breast. He dropped his other hand and caressed the baby soft skin of Suzanne’s belly. “Steve, take her shorts off,” Buck said. Steve unbuttoned her shorts and pulled them down Suzanne’s soft quivering thighs. “Silk panties huh Suz. Give me her silk panties Steve and then take your clothes off. Remember how good it felt when I jacked your clit with silk last night baby?” Buck asked.

“No, please, honey, I’ll never, be able, to stand it,” Suzanne begged and pleaded. Buck reached down with the silk panties and started to jack Suzanne’s hard and tender clit. Suzanne whined almost immediately and then gasped, “Oooohhh God, honey, cumming,” as she thrust her hips fucking into Buck’s silk covered fingers. Buck was caressing her breast with his left hand and holding her silk panties with his right hand as she frantically thrust her hips at Bucks hand. “Aaaahhh, Jesus, nnnnooo, please,” she begged and gasped. Her juices were pouring down her soft inner thighs and Steve was sucking it up as he kissed and alternated between them working his way up to her juicy pussy. When Steve started to suck the juice from her pussy she gasped softly, “Damn, cumming, hard.”

Buck whispered in Suzanne’s ear, “Would you like to feel 20 inches of hard cock in your tight little body baby? We could oil up your tight little asshole baby. Steve could have your ass and I’d take your pussy. Do you think that would make you cum good baby Suz?”

“Yes,” she gasped her voice barely a whisper. “Please, big, cocks.” 

“Nod your head if that’s what you want Suz,” Buck said.

Suzanne nodded her head yes and gasped, “Yes, oh yes, please.”

Suzanne was squirming her sexy ass against Bucks hard cock as Steve continued to suck her pussy and clit. Buck felt a hand start to massage his balls. When he looked down he was surprised to see Steve’s hand massaging and gently squeezing his nuts. Shit he thought this good looking kid is bisexual. He smiled as he felt the Steve caress the underside of his cock. Well, we’ll soon find out he thought. “Steve, let’s get her in on the bed so we can oil her sexy asshole up,” Buck said. Steve quit sucking Suzanne’s pussy and massaging Bucks testicles. Buck scooped Suzanne into his arms and carried her into the bedroom. As he did this he said softly in Suzanne’s ear, “I think Steve is bisexual, were going to find out shortly. I’m going to let him oil up your ass baby. You think you can handle 20 inches?”

Suzanne kissed and licked Bucks neck as she said softly, “Just once, I want to see what it is like. What are you going to do?”

“You’ll see baby,” Buck said, “Just trust me and let it play out.” Buck put her down on the bed and said, “On your stomach sweetie.” Buck handed the bottle of Kama Sutra oil to Steve and said, “Oil her up for your cock Steve.”

Buck stood and watched as Steve started to lick and suck on Suzanne’s tasty little rosebud. Suzanne was moaning as Steve oiled up his index finger and inserted into her ass. He pulled it out and oiled up 2 fingers and placed them in her ass causing her to gasp. Steve was concentrating on what he was doing and didn’t see Buck take out the anal vibe and a condom from his bag. Steve’s big 9 inch cock was hard and bobbing in front of him as he continued to concentrate on Suzanne’s ass. Buck had another bottle of oil and poured some into his hand. He reached around Steve and started to jack him slowly oiling up his cock. “What are you doing?” Steve screeched. “Aaahh Jesus,” as Buck squeezed and stroked his very hard cock running his thumb over the head.

“Oiling it up for you Stevie boy. You like this don’t you?” Buck said as Steve began to thrust his cock into Bucks fist. “Your bisexual, aren’t you Stevie boy? I’m going to oil the anal vibe and put it in your ass Stevie boy. That’ll make your prostrate pump a little ooze.”

“Please, no sir,” Steve begged. “The girls had a vibe and a big dildo in my ass all night while they sucked and fucked me. They jacked me off and fucked my ass with the dildo too. Ooohh please sir, I’m so tender.”

“What girls Stevie boy,” Buck barked, “You will address me as Master Stevie boy.”

“Kris and Donna Sir I mean Master,” Steve gasped.

“How many times did you cum Stevie boy?” Buck asked as he continued to jack Steve’s oil slick cock. Buck reached between his legs and started to gently squeeze and massage his testicles. “Answer the question Stevie boy, how many times?”

“Aaaahh God, Master. I don’t know, a lot. Please, oh please Master, I’m to tender,” Steve begged as Buck tightened his hand causing more friction as he jacked Steve’s big cock.

“Do you want Suzanne’s ass Stevie boy?” Buck asked

Steve said, “Oh yes sir---------“

“That’s the last time I’m going to overlook you calling me Master, the next time I’m going to squeeze a lot harder on your balls,” Buck said as he squeezed semi hard causing Steve to gasp. “Now answer the question Stevie boy.”

“Yes Master, please let me have her ass,” Steve ask as Buck continued to jack his cock and squeeze his balls.

“The only way you can do that Stevie boy is with the anal vibe in your ass,” Buck said. “What’s it going to be Stevie boy?” as Buck started jacking his cock harder. Suzanne was on her back now watching as Steve had stopped oiling her ass. She was licking her lips when Buck said, “Suz baby, give him a little taste of that soft mouth of yours honey.” 

Suzanne turned and lay with her head between his legs. She took Steve’s cock from Buck’s hand sucked 3 or 4 inches into her mouth causing Steve to groan, “Aaahh God, Master her mouth will suck me dry.”

Buck smiled as he poured some oil on his fingers and said, “I’m going to oil up your ass for the vibe now Stevie boy.” Steve had leaned forward and was kissing Suzanne’s pussy as Buck stuck a finger in his ass and started to work it around causing Steve to grunt. Buck dribbled more oil down the crack of Steve’s ass and inserted a second finger. He worked his fingers around in Steve’s ass and found his swollen prostrate. As he trapped the gland between his fore and index finger he looked down at Suzanne and said, “You okay Suz baby?” She rolled her eyes and winked at Buck. She had about 6 inches of Steve’s cock in her mouth. Suzanne’s eyes got big when he pointed to his cock and then at Steve’s ass. Suzanne reached up with her free hand and stroked his cock as she winked at Buck again. 

Suzanne had her legs locked behind Steve’s head keeping his face buried in her squirming pussy. Buck started to massage and squeeze Steve’s prostrate causing him to raise his head and groan, “Master, please no.” Buck stopped for a moment and poured some oil into his hand and began to oil up his cock. He inserted the other 2 fingers back into Steve’s ass and massaged his now swollen prostrate more. “Oh God, Master you’re going to make me cum,” Steve whined.

“Here comes the vibe Stevie boy,” Buck said and popped the head of his 11 inch long 3 inch diameter rock hard cock through the sphincter muscle. “How’s it feel Stevie boy?”

Buck was 6 inches into Steve’s ass when Steve realized that it was a cock and not a vibrator in his ass. “Master that’s your cock, please I can’t take your cock in my ass,” Steve screamed.

“Sure you can Stevie boy. You like to stick your 9 inches up the girls ass and they are a lot smaller than you are,” Buck said. “I’m going to give you a sperm enema Stevie boy. Haven’t you ever had a big cock up your ass?” 

“No Master, not that big,” Steve gasp. Buck had his cock buried now and was starting to stroke Steve’s ass. He lengthened each stroke until he was stroking 8 or 9 inches. “Oh God, Master, huh, huh, huh,” was all Steve could get out.

“To much for you Stevie boy,” Buck gasped. “Get ready Suz, I’m going to drive him over.” Buck felt 2 squeezes of his balls and looked down to see Suzanne’s little hand massaging his balls. Buck smiled at her as he began to fuck Steve’s ass deep and hard.
