  Best enjoyed if you read part one. 

*

The boys were all eying me, Billie's face was real red. 

I gave Jim a questioning glance, but his eyes were gleaming. I arched an eyebrow and he nodded slightly. 

"All right fellas, very nice." I looked with a genuine smile to each of them. My voice was soft, sultry, encouraging. 

"I finally got to play on poker night, after all these years."

Roderick stifled a snicker. 

"We can keep going, if you all are amenable."

They all looked at each other nervously, checking Jim's face in particular, and nodded. I then felt all eyes on me, taking in my shape, my legs in their stockings, and my breasts free in my dress. My nipples tingled. They were erect, very excited, every movement of them brushing against the thin fabric of my dress. 

"Couple things." My voice was almost on edge, but I managed to keep it calm and level. 

"First of all, this is probably a one-and-only time. Kids are away. Not likely to happen again." 

I thought Roderick and Rob looked disappointed, but they all nodded. 

"I cannot, and would not, keep you all from talking among yourselves, but promise me no further? No mention of this beyond this little circle of friends?"

Heads nodded vigorously. 

"The same for me," I said. "I'll speak to Jim of course," I looked at him meaningfully and he gave me a thin smile, "but nobody else. No wives," Billie winced at this one, "or anyone else. Our little secret. No one else to know."

"You good with this, love?" my gaze went to Jim. "I am yours completely." 

I guess I needed verbal confirmation from Jim, but I was now quite sure he wanted this evening as much as I did, even if he didn't completely know where it was going. 

He came over and gave me a deep kiss, then squeezed one of my ass cheeks. I had my answer. 

I sat down on a stuffed chair in the corner of the room and leaned forward earnestly. 

"You boys have gotten me excited," I said, giving each of them a long, lascivious look. 

"Why don't you drop your drawers and let me get acquainted with each of you, a little more?"

They all looked at each other. Rob was the first to pull his boots and socks off, then his work pants and boxers. His penis, all thick and hard, stood out about horizontal, poking out from underneath his shirt. My mouth watered. 

He walked slowly over to me, stealing a glance at Jim first, who urged him on with a quiet look.

Rob stared intently down at me, and I gazed at the head of his penis, three inches from my face. It was large, swollen, and the most beautiful shade of red-purple. I closed my eyes and took him in my mouth. 

It was so smooth, so full and thick with desire. I rummaged his balls with one hand, restlessly moving in their tight ballsack. I heard the other guys removing their footwear and pants.

My mouth had to stretch to go over his shaft, and I went slowly up and down. This was not a cock that I would be able to take in all the way. 

I had a delightful next five minutes or so, about all that Rob could hold out. I didn't suck him the whole time, and in fact, I especially enjoyed holding his cock upright in one hand while I licked his balls, taking each of his big eggs in my mouth for a good suckle. Out of the corner of my eyes I could see the other guys, eyes riveted on the scene, some of them with their hands on their own cocks. 

But sliding my lips over Rob's shaft -- pausing at the ridgeline of his cockhead to tongue his tip and play my lips lightly over that sharp, sensitive edge -- that was super-sweet. He had his hands on his hips, I didn't dare look at his face, I knew his eyes were on me, watching me handle his exquisite penis. 

I closed my eyes and felt my own groin squeezing involuntarily. I wanted to make him come now, then again inside me later. 

I sensed his growing arousal and increased the tempo of my up-and-down, in-and-out. I licked the underside of his penis, that long central tube through which the sperm would travel. I quickened my lip motions on his cockhead and felt his hips stiffen. 

A few more strong suckings and the head grew a bit larger, a tad more swollen, then my reward arrived suddenly -- five good strong pulses of sperm. The strength of the first spurt took me by surprise. He pushed into me frantically, the mass of sperm was warm and thick. 

I delighted in the way his penis rhythmically contracted, my mouth enveloping him and sensing the pure force of his pleasure. Gradually his hips slowed as I continued to nurse at the head of his penis, my movements very soft and gentle. I knew Jim usually couldn't stand much attention after he came.

Finally I let his penis slop out of my mouth. The head was smaller already, but all of it, shaft as well, was wet and gleaming in the lamplight of the study. 

I permitted myself a look at Rod. His face was red and tensed up, but pleased. 

"Nice," he said in an unnaturally small but satisfied voice. "Thank you, Suzanne." A perfect gentleman. He exhaled and a little shudder went through his big body.

The others were standing there, cocks all out and hard. Jim said later that my eyes were shining with excitement.

The other guys looked over at me with hunger in their eyes. I think I could have asked them to go outside and do jumping-jacks naked on the front lawn and they would have done so if it meant they'd have a shot at me. 

"Billie," I said hoarsely. "Come on over." I wanted him finished quickly so there would be no turning back.

His face screwed up in some sort of odd expression, and for a brief moment I thought he might chicken out. But he walked over, little cock of his bobbing up and down. 

I pulled the hair thingy off my wrist and put my hair back in a ponytail. I had meant to have done this earlier with Rob to keep my hair out of the way for my ease of movement and in case things got messy. 

Giving him the lewdest look I could manage, I nuzzled his testicles, and licked the underside of his penis. By the time I slid my lips over his cockhead, his hips were already quivering. 

He lasted no time at all. I had fun taking him all the way down, my nose buried in his brown crotch hair, then licking and sucking at the head of his little penis. It was so damn hard, unbendable, ferociously aroused. 

He made the most endearing noises as he got close, sort of a series of exhales, "Hah, hah, hah!" and then a quick frantic thrusting of his hips and I caught his sperm. It was not a lot, thin but still viscous, but it came out fast. 

I had my hands on his asscheeks when he went off, I could feel them squeeze together like he was emptying a clip at the firing range.

"Oh jeez," was all he could manage to say at the end. I nursed at his cockhead, until he pulled out. He looked at me with the most peculiar expression, opened his mouth as if to say something, then closed it and turned around and collapsed on a chair in the corner of the room, his penis flopping on his thigh. Luckily it was one of the chairs that had a slipcover. 

My eyes met Roderick's. 

He walked over slowly, his penis wagging from side to side. I loved how heavy the head looked, how nicely his erection fit along with the rest of his tall, strong frame. I thought about how my lips would be going where only Chrissie's mouth was accustomed to go, and somehow that idea increased my excitement. 

He stood in front of me and I ran my fingers over his penis. I slid the cockskin back so the head was exposed, and let his heavy cockhead drop into my mouth.

His penis was about three-quarters erect, and with Jim I always like to play with his cock in this condition. It is soft enough to go down further in my throat, and the way a penis hardens in my mouth remains one of my most favorite things. 

His cockhead was so smooth, so much pressure built up behind it. He stood with hands on his hips while I tongued and licked him until he was steel-hard, and then I nuzzled his balls and slid his foreskin up and down.

It was a very handsome number, all veined and hard and straight. A whirl of thoughts crowded into my head: about Chrissie, the image of her taking him in her mouth or him thrusting into her groin and dumping his sperm there. How often they coupled, whether she made a lot of noise when they were making love. All of this excited me even more. 

He erupted in my mouth very strongly, several good swallows' worth, and his asscheeks felt super in my hands, pushing, contracting, pumping his sperm home into my mouth. 

He stood away carefully.

Finally it was my Jim's turn. He gazed long and hard at me. I knew he was totally aroused, not only by his expression, but by looking at his penis, hard as a rock, pointing nearly straight up to the ceiling. I would need to go slow with him or he would be ejaculating instantly. 

I got off the chair and knelt in front of him, looking up at his face the whole time. The boys were going to get a good show. 

I held his penis in my hand, gently sliding his foreskin up and down. I never tired of seeing his cock's head come out into the open, then get tucked back into its sheath, the original hide-and-seek game. 

I worshiped his balls, licked underneath them, reveling in their scent. They were all drawn up, and I took each of his eggs into my mouth for a good suckling, his crotch hair tickling my nose. 

I had to pull his penis down with my left hand in order to finally get it into my mouth. I held his balls in my other hand while I went slowly, ever so slowly, lips gliding along his shaft, pausing to cup and tickle his cockhead. I tried to keep him in my mouth only a little bit at a time. 

I rubbed his cock wetly over my face, into my hair, along my forehead, cheeks. And I licked it bottom to top. It was beautiful.

The guys were totally silent. I could feel all their eyes on us. 

I couldn't remember the last time I had taken Jim this way, on my knees in front of him. It always felt a little naughty when I did so, but reverential at the same time. Normally when I sucked him it was in bed, usually as a prelude to coupling, but occasionally to climax. The last time on my knees might have been a quick adventure outside when we were on a walk in the forest together, when speed and urgency and uncontrollable desire had ruled the whole process. 

I looked up at his face, his eyes shining with lust, and gently took his penis head inside my mouth. I went slow at first, just along his head, cupping his balls with one hand while I ran my other along his asscheeks. God he felt good. 

But he was close, and I started going quicker, lips gliding along, making sure his cock head got a good suction on the outstroke. He leaned in and put his hands on my shoulders and I felt his weight shift onto me. I had to brace myself to hold us both upright.

He started pistoning his hips now, forcing his penis into my mouth violently and grunting like a madman, frantically fucking my face.

He came long and hard, the first pulse of sperm was so intense, and I took all of his six or so pushes in stride, my hands feeling his asscheeks squeeze themselves silly. Jim's sperm was so familiar, but so powerful right now. I felt a little light-headed, dizzy with pleasure. My own groin squeezed and I felt the dampness of my own excitement grow. 

Then the hands came off, and he put them on his hips. I nursed his cockhead as long as I dared, and then rubbed it against each of my cheeks, delighting in the wet slime trails, his penis all slobbery and spent.

I stood and we embraced, it felt so good, and I was aware that his wet groin was pressing into the front of my dress, probably leaving a mark. He kissed my neck and whispered in my ear.

"So hot, babe, so hot." These were not the usual words I would typically hear.

I think it was Roderick who first started applauding, and then all the guys joined in, clapping their hands and grinning like a drunken Irish boat crew. 

"Wow," went Rob. "Amazing."

I looked over at the guys, all the damp, deflated penises in the room. I didn't want the night to be over quite yet. 

"Think maybe any of you are good for more?" my eyes flashed, issuing a challenge. 

They looked at each other, and Rob was the first to nod. Jim gave me a "go ahead" look.