 COPYRIGHT NOVEMBER 2002

It was daylight as Buck started to awaken on the balcony of the 21st story suite at the Desert Springs Hotel where he and Suzanne were staying. As his mind started to function he realized the sun wasn’t shining. He barely opened his eyes to find the sky was overcast even though it was around 80 degrees. As he stretched he noticed that his cock was hard and something was tickling his ball sac. A hand was slowly jacking his hard cock as he laid there on the chaise lounge. He raised his head and looked down to find Suzanne’s little hand massaging his cock squeezing and releasing and her thumb caressing the sensitive area just beneath the head. Her other hand was holding his ball sac up and she was kissing and running her tongue on the back side of the sac and gently kissing and licking the area between his ball sac and asshole. Every now and then her tongue would run over his asshole causing his cock to throb. Buck groaned, “Oh god Suz, what are you doing?” 

Suzanne responded with, “Playing with your cock, balls and asshole. Do you like it?” 

Buck gasped, “God yes baby, but if you don’t stop you’re going to make me cum. Ooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhh.” 

Suzanne had run her tongue into and out of his asshole. “Not yet baby but soon.” Suzanne said. He heard the sliding glass door open and Patricia stepped out onto the balcony. Where the hell had she come from and then remembered she was playing with Lettie all night. 

She looked at Suzanne and said, “Is he ready Suz?” 

Suzanne looked at Patricia and said, “I think so. Look at all the juice coming out of his big luscious cock Paddy.” 

Buck groaned as Patricia leaned forward and sucked the head of his cock into her mouth. She licked and sucked all the precum off and then went down 5 or 6 inches and back off. Patricia moaned, “God he does taste good Suz.” 

Suzanne just smiled as Buck gasped, “What are you 2 bitches up to? Aaahhhh God baby,” as she ran her tongue into and out of his asshole. Patricia started kissing one side of his now oozing cock and Suzanne did the same on the other side. Buck was very close to orgasm but the girls expertly held him just on the edge. His cock was oozing a steady stream of precum as Suzanne started to massage his balls. Buck groaned and gasped in between words, “Ooooooohhhhhh, God, girls, Please, Ccchhhhrrriiisssttt.” Patricia had ran her finger into his ass and gently scratched the rectal wall with her finger nail.

Suzanne smiled at Patricia and said, “Do you want to take it after the first burst Paddy?  I’ve already tasted him many times.” 

Patricia moaned, “Oh god yes. I can’t remember the last time I sucked a man off. I think he’s ready now.” 

The girls were still kissing and licking the juice from his cock and Suzanne was massaging his balls as he felt something going into his ass. He screamed “Aaaaaahhhh,” when Patricia turned on the anal vibe. It was lying on his prostrate gland.  He shot a stream of jizz 2 feet into the air. The jizz came splashing down across his chest and stomach. The second stream went into Patricia’s face and mouth before she could suck in his cock and drain him. Patricia continued to work the vibe and suck while Suzanne massaged his balls and vacuumed up the sperm on his chest and stomach with her mouth. “You bitches are going to kill me,” he groaned. “I haven’t come like that in 20 years. Wait’ll I recover. You girls are going to get yours.” 

They responded in unison, “Promises, Promises.” 

Patricia said, “I better get back to our friend.” 

Suzanne straddled him and leaned down and kissed him saying, “I’ve made some coffee, want some?” Buck nodded his head yes and Suzanne went to fetch it.	

Buck was sipping on his coffee and Suzanne was setting across his groin. His cock was laying the full length of her open pussy. He could feel her pussy throbbing against his soft cock. Buck inquired, “What time is it baby?” 

Suzanne smiled and said, “It was just after 8 when I got your coffee. You ought to see Lettie, she’s a mess. Paddy’s been teasing her for 3 hours and won’t let her cum. She’s begging and pleading, her voice is hoarse so she can’t make much noise. I wonder what time she’s supposed to be at work. God sweetheart, I’m getting horny again. I just can’t get enough of your cock.” Suzanne had started to hunch her hips sliding her pussy up and down his soft but hardening cock. Her clit was sticking out an inch and growing. Buck grabbed her ass and pulled her soft pussy up to his mouth. He sucked her 2 inch clit into his mouth and wrapped his tongue around it. She grabbed his head and frantically pumped her hips fucking his tongue with her 2 inch clit. She sprayed her girl juice into his mouth instantly almost drowning him when he stuck his index finger into her ass. She was breathing hard and gasping for air when he set her back down on his legs. It only took 4 or 5 minutes. She laid there against his chest moaning, “So good, so good.” 

He said, “Let’s go see when Lettie needs to go to work.” Suzanne struggled to stand up. Her legs were weak and wobbly. Buck took her hand and they headed inside.

When they walked into the bedroom Buck gasp. Patricia was on her knees next to the bed talking to Lettie. She had on some kind of belt that held 2 vibrators. One vibe was in her pussy and one was in her ass. The belt was positioned in such a way she couldn’t get any clitoral stimulation. Lettie’s clit was red and inflamed. She was rubbing her thighs together desperately trying to get the necessary stimulation to cause an orgasm. “Please Mistress, oh please, I need to cum so bad. Please Mistress, I’ll do anything Mistress. Please, Oh please,” She was begging and pleading as Patricia got off her knees.

Buck said to Suzanne softly, “Go suck gently on Lettie’s nipples but don’t start until I start playing with Paddy’s breasts.” 

Patricia was standing away from the bed with her legs slightly parted as Buck walked up behind her. His cock was as hard as a rock. He squatted slightly so his cock would go between Patricia’s thighs and rub on her pussy. He thrust his cock between her soft thighs as he reached up and cupped her breasts while thumbing her nipples. Patricia gasp, “Ooooooohhhhhh, what are you doing? Ooohhh God,” she moaned as Buck dropped one hand to massage her clit. 

He whispered in her ear “Paddy, have you ever had it in the ass?” 

She moaned, “No, only a vibe. Oh God, please wait a moment. Suz, gently touch Lettie’s clit.” Patricia turned the vibes up full. When Suzanne touched Lettie’s clit a stream of girl juice shot 2 feet into the air. The vibes were still on full when Suzanne started to suck on Lettie’s very tender clit. 

Buck bent Patricia over the bed and ran his cock up into her very wet pussy. “Good, so good, Aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh,” she moaned as her cunt spasmed on Bucks slowly stroking cock. Buck spit a big wad of saliva into the crack of her ass and started to work it into her asshole with his fingers. Patricia’s body muscles suddenly went rigid as she gasped, “Ooooooooohhh God, I can’t stop cumming on your big cock.” Lettie was on her stomach now humping her hips into the bed as the vibrators continued to do their work.

Suzanne was behind Buck rubbing his groin as he slowly stroked his cock in and out of the constantly cumming Patricia. He whispered, “Suz, I’m going to get her on her knees on the bed and take her ass. I want you to get your head between her legs and suck and lick her clit. She’ll go nuts. She can hardly stand it now.” 

Patricia moaned, “No, no, no, please more, need more,” as Buck pulled his cock out of her pussy and his fingers out of her ass. 

“Get on the bed Paddy on your knees.” Patricia managed to get on the bed. Buck positioned himself behind her and inserted his cock back into Patricia’s cunt. 

She moaned, “Yyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeessssssss, oh please,” as Buck worked his cock all the way into her cunt. Buck spit another large wad of saliva into the crack of her ass and started to work 2 fingers into her asshole. Patricia was rocking back and forth sliding her pussy up and down Bucks cock as he continued to work on her asshole. Buck looked at Suzanne and smiled as he mouthed the word “now.” Suzanne was on her back between their legs when she sucked in Patricia’s clit. Patricia gasped, “Nnnnooooo, please no, can’t, stand, it, oh, God, cumming,” in between gasps.

Buck slowly pulled his cock out of Patricia’s pussy and his fingers out of her asshole. Buck slowly shoved the head of his cock into her asshole. He felt it pop past the sphincter muscle and stopped as she moaned, “Is that your cock? Oh God,” as her big ass muscle clamped down. Patricia was having constant orgasms now as Buck slowly worked his cock deeper into her ass 6 then 7 inches when Patricia moaned, “Hurts, oh God, never, had , anything, that, deep, ass,” as she gasped for air. Buck stopped and let her ass adjust to his cock. 

Suzanne was still sucking on her clit and licking her pussy when Patricia moaned and started rocking back and forth working Bucks cock deeper into her ass. Buck leaned forward and whispered in Patricia’s ear, “Do you like my big cock in your ass Paddy? Makes you cum good doesn’t it? Do you want me to stop Paddy?” 

Patricia gasped, “No, no, please, oh please, don’t stop, cumming,” as her ass muscle started to spasm uncontrollably. 

Buck leaned forward and whispered in her ear again, “Who’s your Master, Paddy? Answer me or I’ll stop.” Buck started to withdraw his cock and looked down at Suzanne and shook his head no.  Suzanne stopped licking her pussy and sucking her clit. Patricia was trying to force her asshole back down his cock but he held her away with just the head of his cock in her asshole. “I didn’t hear your answer Paddy. Who is your master Paddy? Last chance.” 

She was a bull dyke trying to adjust to the fact mentally that she had met her match. Patricia said softly, “You are my Master, Master Buck.” 

Buck said, “I didn’t hear you Paddy, what was that again?” 

Patricia screamed, “You’re my Master, Please Master, Fuck my ass with your big cock. Oh god, please fuck me Master Buck.” 

Buck smiled and looked down at Suzanne who was also smiling as he said, “Are you sure Paddy that you want me to be your Master? Are you really sure Paddy? Really, really sure.” 

Patricia was moaning now and desperate as she cried, “Yes, yes, yes I’m sure. Please Master Buck I’m your slave forever. Fuck my ass, please Master, fuck my ass hard Master Buck.” Buck drove his cock all 11 inches into Patricia’s asshole as Suzanne again sucked on her clit and licked her pussy. 

Patricia was out of control now. Her ass was leaking a constant brownish cream colored fluid and she was gasping and crying her pleasure. Patricia was doing all the work now sliding her asshole up and down Bucks cock as she rocked back and forth. Buck leaned forward again and whispered, “What are you prepared to do Paddy? Are you going to suck pussies and fuck cocks or anything else I say Paddy?” 

Patricia was gasping and crying as she said, “Yes Master, anything you want me to do I’ll do. I’ll suck pussies, fuck cocks, anything Master. Oooooohhhhhhhh please, please Master Buck, fuck my asshole hard.” 

Buck leaned forward again and said, “How are you going to address me at all times Paddy?” 

Patricia moaned and gasped, “Master, Master, you’re my Master. Please, please, Master I can’t stand much more.” Buck stroked her asshole twice the full length of his now raging cock and on the third stroke Patricia’s muscles locked as she started to have a huge orgasm. Her ass muscle locked down hard on Buck’s cock as he started shoot large streams of jizz deep into her ass. Patricia’s wildly spasming asshole drained him dry as she moaned and cried softly from lack of breath. She collapsed face down on the bed pulling Buck’s softening cock from her asshole. 

Suzanne’s soft mouth was waiting as soon as his cock came free. She sucked his softening cock into her mouth and gently started to massage his balls causing Buck to groan, “Oh Suz, baby,” as his cock pulsed one last weak stream of jizz into her soft mouth. He moaned, “Jesus Suz, you’re so good with your mouth. Hell you’re good with everything. Ooooooohhhhhhh God baby. I love you so much.” 

Suzanne reached up and rubbed his groin and chest as she said, “You’re my master too and I love you very, very much.” Buck glanced at the clock as he tried to get off the bed, it was 9:05am. His legs were like spaghetti as he moved off the bed. 

Lettie was still gently hunching her hips into the bed when Buck picked up the remote for the vibrators. He found the stop button and turned them off. “Let’s get this belt off you Lettie,” he said as he rolled her onto her back. Patricia had put a small lock on it and it needed a key to be released. Buck walked around to Patricia and said, “Paddy, where is the key for the belt? We need to take it off Lettie. She needs to go to work.”

Patricia forced her heavy eyes open and smiled as she said, “In my purse Master.” 

Buck smiled and said, “Very good Paddy.” Buck and Suzanne got the belt off Lettie and removed the vibrators gently from her pussy and asshole. Lettie tried to get up off the bed and collapsed onto the floor. Her legs were too weak to support her. Buck looked at Suzanne and smiled as he said, “Suz, go run a hot tub for Lettie. She needs to recuperate quickly.” Buck looked at Lettie and said, “When do you need to be at work?” 

Lettie responded, “10am.” Buck said, “Jesus, we’ve only got 45 minutes. Let me help you into the tub.”

Patricia had recovered somewhat by the time Lettie was dressed and ready to leave. Patricia walked up to Lettie and said firmly, “What time do you get off work?”

Lettie looked down as she said, “4:30pm Mistress.” 

Patricia looked at her and said, “I want you at my shop at 5:15pm sharp. If you’re not there it’ll go hard for you and we’ll have another session. Do you want that?” 

Lettie cast her eyes down and said, “No, please Mistress, I’ll be there.” 

Patricia just smiled as she said, “See that you are.” Lettie opened the door and went off to work walking very carefully.

Suzanne came out of the bedroom and said, “I think I’ll hit the Jacuzzi before I shower and dress.”

Buck smiled and said, “Me too. Would you like to join us Paddy?”

Patricia responded with, “Yes Master, I would.” 

They had been setting in the Jacuzzi for about 10 minutes when Suzanne suddenly said, “Is he really your master Paddy? I thought he was kidding.” 

Patricia said, “He is Master Buck from this day forward and I am his slave and will do his bidding.” 

Suzanne’s eyes got big as she said, “What about Lettie?” 

Patricia looked at Buck and said, “That’s up to my Master.” 

Buck smiled and said, “Paddy is Lettie’s mistress and Lettie will do her bidding for her. Lettie is Paddy’s slave.” 

Suzanne put her arms around Buck’s neck and said softly, “Am I your slave too?” 

Buck looked at her and said, “No Suz you’re not my slave. I’m yours, just not in the same way baby.” 

Suzanne looked at Buck and said, “I think I’ll take my shower and douche. I’m still tender though from yesterday.” Suzanne kissed Buck hard and open mouthed and said, “I’ll be your slave anytime. I love you so much. I just don’t know what to do with it.” 

Buck responded softly, “Just keep doing what your doing baby. I love you too, more than you or anybody else will ever know.” Suzanne got out of the Jacuzzi and walked off to the shower.

Buck and Patricia were left in the Jacuzzi when Buck said, “What are you going to do today Paddy?” 

Patricia looked at him and said, “Unless you have some other wish Master, I need to go to my shop and make sure Susan has things under control. I also need to get some clothes ready for Lettie tonight. What would you like me to wear to the Yacht Club tonight Master?” 

Buck looked at her and smiled. “Something tastefully sexy, at least 4 inches above the knee and 6 inch stiletto heels to show off those lovely long snakes you call legs. No bra or panties and thigh highs. Can you do that Paddy?”  

She had hold of his almost hard cock as she straddled him in the jacuzzi when she said, “Yes Master, I can do that. May Masters Slave pleasure herself on Masters big cock?” Patricia positioned his cock as she waited for his permission. “Please Master,” she pleaded. 

Buck responded with, “You have 5 minutes slave.” Patricia was cumming before she was half way down his cock. She moaned, “Master is so good to his slave.” Patricia was all the way down now and just squirming on his cock. She gasped in between words, “Master, cumming, hard, please.” Her pussy was locked like a leech on his cock when he heard a little voice say, “Times up.” 

He opened his eyes and lifted Patricia off his cock as she pleaded, “No Master.” 

He smiled and said, “Times up slave. You’ve had your 5 minutes,” and lifted her off. 

Suzanne was standing there smiling as she said, “Did you enjoy that Paddy?” 

Patricia moaned, “Yes but Master didn’t give me his hot sperm and I wanted it so bad.” 

Suzanne laughed and said, “Suffer Paddy, that’s mine for later.”

Patricia had left and it was shortly after 11:00am as Buck and Suzanne were hustling around the suite getting ready to go up the mountain. Buck told Suzanne to wear jeans instead of shorts because it might be cold on top of the mountain. They were all set to leave when Suzanne suddenly put her arms around Buck and said, “I thought we were just going to share each other this weekend. It seems like there is always somebody around. Could we just spend tomorrow together alone, please? I just want to be with you and love you and taste you. I don’t need all this other stuff. Am I not enough for you? Do you need more than me?” She had tears running down her cheeks as she said, “I only need you. I’ll be your slave if that’s what you want.” 

Buck wiped the tears from her eyes and said, “Baby, you’re more than enough for any man. I don’t need anything but you either. I want you to just be you. I admit this has gotten a little out of hand and I have a feeling there will be more people tonight. Suz baby, tomorrow will be for us as will this afternoon.” He was hugging her tight now as he said, “I love you so much baby. You’re so beautiful and precious and like you I don’t know what to do with it.” 

He French kissed her hard and she returned it squirming her soft body against him. She was hugging him hard now as she kissed his neck and said softly, “I love to kiss you that way. It makes me feel all squishy inside.” 

He was starting to get hard again as he muttered, “Damn, we gotta go Suz.”

They drove out to the tram and took the 20 minute ride to the top. As they got off the tram Suzanne said, “I’m glad you made me wear jeans. It’s cool up here.” It had been 102 degrees on the desert floor and was 61 degrees on top of the mountain.  

Buck said, “How bout some lunch? I’m hungry and we haven’t eaten since dinner yesterday.”  

Suzanne was laughing as she said, “We’ve eaten, it just wasn’t food. I could eat some more of that anytime.” 

Buck was laughing too as he said, “Maybe I should call Paddy and you could have her for lunch.” 

Suzanne punched him playfully on the arm and said, “That’s not what I meant.” 

Buck was still laughing as he said softly, “I know baby. Let’s eat,” and they headed for the restaurant. 

After lunch Buck and Suzanne walked out on the Ridge and looked out across the valley floor. Buck called Suzanne’s attention to a mountain in the distance saying that it was 175 miles away. They hiked some of the trails through the pine trees. Suzanne was always very close and always holding his hand or arm. She would lean back against him when they stopped and looked. They were hiking down one of the trails when Buck stopped and said, “Well I’ll be damned. It’s still here.” 
