 It was nearing the end of the year 2000, and I was restless, wondering what the New Year was going to bring. It would be hard to beat this past year, as I had sucked and fucked every hard cock I could get my hands on. My conquests were mostly young men, aged 18 to 30, and came from all over, there were hot dark-skinned hotties, sensual Latin lovers, and blushing white boys ready with rosy pricks to please me with. 

Please me these young men did, I moaned and sang my praises to the eager mouths moving between my thighs, rough, playful tongues scraping over my clit, my ripe, red pussy dripping with lust for my sexy playthings. The teeth nibbling my body, making my nipples stiff and long, lips and tongues caressing me all over, the deep long kisses, tongues beating over mine like waves lapping at the surf had me enthralled and quivering with ecstasy. 

It had been a very, very good year. 

I decided to stay home alone on New Year's Eve. I cooked a superb dinner and opened a good bottle of wine, saving the champagne I had bought for the ringing in of the New Year. I dressed in a long, filmy black gown, finer than the sheerest tissue paper, and had a silver lace G-string on underneath. My tiny panties gleamed through the gown, and my pink nipples stood out, the background my golden but light cream colored body. The fine, tiny butterfly tattoo on my thigh quivered ever so slightly. 

Even when home alone, I like to look good. I have to admit, I was a naughty angel in my outfit, which I completed with silver very high platform shoes, toes open to show my ten sweet gems, nail painted silvery-white. 

I felt so sexy, looking at myself in the mirror that I started to stroke my hands up and down my body, over my tits, the nipples high and hard. My fingers roamed over them, pinching lightly and feeling the glow down between my legs. I spread them a little, letting a finger push the G-string aside, and slid my fingers over my slit with the gown in between. I hardly felt the material there; it was so thin and soft. It was starting to get wet from sliding in between my plump, moist pussy lips, and I had another idea. 

I went to my closet and took out a small battery-operated mouth, complete with tongue. It had a small silver egg inside that made it vibrate. I pulled my gown up over my hips and leaned back on the dresser in front of my mirror. Again, I spread my legs wide, and started to lick the rubber tongue and lips, making them slippery and wet. My head thrown back, I reached down to my pussy and started to stroke my clit with the little tongue, using my fingers to make the lips caress my slit. 

I made the toy vibrate slightly, and the little tongue quivered over my clit, which was a tiny hard thing now, and I made the mouth suck the flesh around it as the soft, rubber tongue went around and around and around...

I didn't even realize that I was moaning out loud, until I heard myself. The sensation was that of hearing someone else. I was shaking with a major orgasm, my body rocking on the little rubber mouth, the tiny tongue up my cunt and the lips sucking the juice out of my hot hole. I thought of all the sweet young men I had tasted over the year, how they had pleased me with soft hands, lively, wet tongues and juicy, thick cocks and shuddered as I came hard and long. 

I composed myself and went into the living room, where I poured a glass of Pinot Grigio and turned the music on. I whirled into the kitchen to check on my meal, and danced around the room, drinking my wine. I went back into the living room, and sat down on my sofa. Reaching to a small box on the table, I took a joint from it and slowly smoked it, inhaling the fragrant, Dutch flowers, preparing my appetite for the wonderful meal I had prepared. 

I got so high that I almost forgot about dinner. I was dancing around, drinking more wine, feeling silly and sexy and very stoned. My fingers kept going back to my nipples, and to my pussy. I danced as if I had an audience, gyrating and spreading my legs and rolling around on the floor, crawling finally to the kitchen, where I got up, giggling to myself, and savored my last meal of the year 2000. 

By the time I finished dinner, I was well into a second bottle of wine I moved back into the living room, sparked up another joint, and finished the bottle of wine. I spent a good length of time relaxing there on the sofa. I was pretty drunk, laughing as I stumbled to the kitchen to get the chilled bottle of Cristal. 

I was just about to take a chilled glass out of the freezer, when I heard my door buzzer ring. Not expecting any company, I went to my video intercom and saw that it was Jake, a handsome young man I had met a few months ago, and had seen several times. I was immediately horny for him, thinking of how adept he was at fucking and how thick his long dick was. 

I buzzed him in, and went to get another glass for him. 

When I heard the soft knock on my door, I was very excited. I went to open it, and there he was, tall and handsome, a dark, sexy, young god. He grinned in a way that made me know I was about to have a lovely night, and nodded his head slightly forward. He took a step inside, and as I went to close the door, two very strong, young men pushed inside, and let the door slide closed behind them. 

Shocked at first, I backed up and opened my mouth to speak. Inside, I was trembling with anticipation, I was about to be taken by these three fine young men. Jake took control of the situation immediately, introducing me to the others. He put his arms around me and held me in front of him and said, "this is Manny and that is Joe." I waited for him to say more, but he didn't. He instead turned me around and looked me over, smiling and biting his lip, rubbing his chin with one hand. He grabbed me and pulled me close to him, whispering, "you're going to be so well-fucked tonight" in my ear softly, and biting my neck gently, pulling at my tender flesh with his teeth. 

Now kind of sobered up, and even more hot for Jake than I was before I looked over at Manny and Joe and saw that they were pretty well built. Neither was as handsome as Jake, but they looked hot, and their hard bodies were arousing me. I can definitely handle them, I thought. I was so horny, the thought of fucking Jake and his friends brought a smile to my lips and a shiver run through my body. I felt moisture seeping at the edges of my still damp G-string. 

I decided to break the ice, and said, " why don't you all sit down, and I'll make some drinks?" 

I tried to turn to walk into the kitchen but was caught by Joe, who hugged me tightly and ran his hands all over my ass and into the cleft between my legs. I knew he could feel the dampness there. I could feel his warm breath on my neck, as he groped my body. "Nice," he said to Jake, smiling. He then held me at arms length and I felt three pairs of eyes burning into my flesh. "Were you expecting us," Jake asked, "you sure are dressed for it." I laughed at this, knowing how it appeared. Inside, I knew that I couldn't have been more appropriately dressed. I wondered how they would take finding my pussy wet and sticky from my earlier solo act in my bedroom as well as my arousal at this surprise. I was getting wetter by the minute, and my pussy was throbbing for the hot action that I knew was going to start any minute. 

Jake walked over and put his hands on my shoulders, slowly pushing me down to my knees on the floor. He commanded Manny and Joe to get their cocks out, I could hear the excitement in his voice, and for me to start sucking those fat cocks off. 

Excited by his authoritative demeanor, I started to lick first Joe, then Manny. They both had nice cocks, thick and already half-hard. I sucked one, then the other, and tried to suck them together, rubbing one fat cockhead over the other. My tongue was working over and under the two large dicks in my hands, and I was jerking them hard, up and down. 

Jake sat down on the sofa in front of us and opened his pants. His wide-open fly revealed silk boxers and a very big cock sticking straight out of the opening. It was waving around, moving on it's own, and seemed to get thicker and longer as I watched it. I felt the saliva seep from my wet mouth, I wanted that beautiful dick to suck on so much. He grasped it in a tight fist, which started to glide back and forth over it rapidly. His eyes were glued to me, sucking and stroking the now very hard cocks, taking turns licking them as I watched him watch me make his friends moan and pump their cocks into my mouth. 

I pulled my mouth off Manny's thick dick, and kept stroking him and Joe as I sat back on my haunches and smiled a sultry smile, trying to draw Jake to me with my eyes. I kept on pulling on Joe and Manny, they were moaning and pumping into my hands, and reaching down to squeeze my tits. 

Jake strode over to me and without touching me, plunged his cock into my mouth. I took it in and started sucking him, my head moving back and forth as I moved my wet, hot mouth on him. I twisted his cock with my lips, letting the friction build, as Jake moaned and thrust his huge, throbbing dick into my throat. I tried to swallow all I could, then worked it with everything I had, sucking it like it was the last cock on earth. 

Drops of pre-cum were forming on the heads of the two fat dicks I was stroking. I used it to lube the heads and jerked them harder and with more intensity, pulling them closer as I felt Jake's cock pulse in my mouth. The first sweet spurt slapped the back of my throat, and slid down as my tongue was coated with thick cum. It tasted like honey, mixed with the musky male taste that I loved about him. I felt my face and my tits splattered, and knew that three massive loads had just bathed me in hot, salty cum. 

Manny and Joe rubbed their cocks over my body, rubbing against my tits, saying what a sweet cock-sucker I was, my hands running over my tits, and Jake's ass. Jake was still in my mouth, half-hard, pushing it in and pulling it out slowly, still cumming on my tongue. I swallowed and swallowed, and thick drips kept pulsing out of him. When he was done I cleaned his cock with my tongue, not wanting to lose a drop, and let him go sit down on the sofa again. The others joined him, and I saw that it was almost midnight. I grabbed some more glasses from the kitchen, and got ready to pop the bottle of Cristal with my three guests. 

I freshened up quickly and joined the guys in my living room. The whole scene was like something out of a very good porn movie, I was the star, and my three studs were awaiting my pleasure. They were all kneeling on the carpet almost in a circle, and motioned me to lie down in a spot in the middle of them. I slowly walked over, lazily winding my hips, smiling down at them, and stood between them. Three sets of hands started sliding up my legs, over my ass, pushing my thin gown up over my hips and pulling me down to the rug. It felt wonderful to have that many hands on me, and I let them do as they pleased. I felt a head quickly move between my legs, hands pulling my thighs apart, and a wet tongue on my slit. It licked me well, moving between my petals, and deep inside my flower. My clit was like a hard, red bud, and my hole was begging to be filled. I moaned and groaned my appreciation as I felt the wet tongue sliding over me, I was being treated to a lapping by the best tongue I had ever felt. 

As I was sucked and licked by I don't know whose delicious mouth, I saw Jake kneel over me and start to press his hard cock in between my tits. He held them around his dick, and pressed the head to my lips, saying, "wet it, make it wet, baby, let me tit-fuck you good." I began to slap my tongue against the fat cock in front of me, licking it from side to side, over and over the bursting head. He started to move, fucking my tits as he promised, hard, pushing the head against my mouth, leaning forward to push it deeper against my tongue and the roof of my mouth. He had my tits in his hands and was squeezing, rubbing the nipples with his thumbs, and driving deeper into my mouth with every moan I made. 

I felt whomever was licking my pussy so well being pushed aside and my legs being grabbed and pulled up so hard that Jake almost stumbled off me. I watched him step over my head and felt myself plunged into by a massive cock. I looked down and saw Manny over me, grinning and shoving his very hard cock deep in my pussy. "Oh man," he was saying, "this shits great, this is the sweetest fucking pussy I ever had!" To emphasize his point, he sweated over me, drilling me with his dick, moaning and touching my tits, and suddenly pulled his cock from me, and bucked, squirting out his cum all over my body. I kissed him as he fell down over me, pressing to me for a moment, and sliding his tongue along mine. 

Gently, but abruptly, I was pulled up by my arms and onto Jake's lap. He wasted no time pressing me down onto his cock, I felt the head lodge in my ass the moment I was on him. The fat head pushed into me hard, my body resisted, but the tip of his cock was wet, and it entered me swiftly. I cried out as I was filled with his thick cock, I felt his thighs making mine spread wide as he held my tits and moved his cock in and out of my tight asshole. He was moving slowly and deliberately, his lips against my neck, making me tell him how much I loved it as he held me on him and took me. I cried, "mmm yes, I love it, I love your big, fat cock fucking my ass!" I moved in rhythm with him, my body squirming around in his lap, feeling his thick cock thrust up inside me, his abundant pre-cum wetting me inside, allowing my asshole to glide up and down on him. 

He motioned to Joe, who was standing near us, pulling on his hard cock, and he knelt in front of us and started to lick me again. I was going crazy, this fat cock fucking my ass and this velvet tongue sliding over my pussy, sucking on my clit and slipping inside my wet hole. 

Jake held my legs apart, and Joe stood up between them. His cock was so hard; it looked like it was going to burst. He leaned over me and started to kiss me. His tongue tasted of my pussy, and his face was all wet. I lapped at him, liking my taste on him, and felt his cockhead slide between my pussy lips, pushing to get inside me. It rubbed my clit, and I started to groan and move my hips, wanting him inside me.

I moved on Jake's throbbing dick, as he continued to groan and stroke his cock up inside my asshole, and Joe's bursting head slid into my pussy. I felt it pushing at Jake's cock, battling for room, then the two of them found a rhythm and started fucking me with everything they had. Joe was pushing me off Jake's dick, and Jake was pushing me back down with each stroke. I was never so full of cock before, I felt stretched to the limit. 

Joe was groaning something about my "good, tight little fucking pussy," and I saw Manny get up and walk over to us. He rubbed his semi-hard cock over my face, and pushed it towards my mouth. I opened, and he said, "that's a good little slut" and filled my mouth with his cock. 

I was truly filled, and when I felt the first drop of pre-cum on my tongue, I started to cum all over the cocks up inside my pussy and ass. I think Joe was first, he pulled his cock from me and climbed up to let me suck him. He pulled my mouth off Manny, and stuck his cock in my mouth hard. 

I felt Jake thrust under me hard, and a loud moan escaped his lips. He spurt up inside my asshole, his cum filling me and wetting us both. He pressed me down on him, as I tried to keep Joe's cock in my mouth, and held me tightly, rubbing my nipples and kneading my tits. Manny slipped between my legs and started to fuck me again, his cock thick and stiff again. I sat on Jake, let Joe fuck my mouth, and sucked him hard as Manny filled me with his cock again and again. 

I was pulled off Jake and onto the floor again. I got on all fours, and Manny forced his cock into my cum-filled asshole, and fucked me hard. As he slid in and out of my swollen asshole, Joe knelt in front and made me lick his balls and suck his cock. Manny pulled his cock out and moved to join Joe. They both stood back and shot their thick ropes of cum into my mouth, watching me swallow it and let some drip down my chin and my tits. 

I excused myself to get in the shower and was joined by the guys one by one. Jake came in and started to wash me, his soapy hands felt so good on my body. Then Manny came in and started to wash my hair, getting the cum out of it. Joe cleaned the part he did best, and washed my pussy and ass, then licked me until the others had to hold me up. We all dried off and went back to the living room. I popped the champagne cork, and sprayed us all with the expensive stuff. Happy New Year!