 I entered the room cautiously. I was still not sure what I was getting into. Two weeks earlier I had replied to an on-line ad. Some guy had posted a picture of a fairly sexy looking 30-something woman with the tag line, "I want to watch you fuck my wife." I clicked on the tag for details, not really expecting anything to come from it. I read the rest of the ad and found the idea of fucking a sexy stranger with an audience exciting, but I was apprehensive about the audience being her husband. I was also concerned that it could just be some sick fuck trolling for victims. 

I would have probably just gone on to the next ad if I had not noticed that he lived in the same town as me. Somehow it seemed that fate was playing a hand here. It was the first on-line sex ad I had seen from someone in my relatively small town. I sent off a reply expressing interest in hearing more. I had an email from him the next morning. He laid out his desires to have a couple of men come to meet them at a hotel and let him watch as they helped her explore her slutty desires.

I was a little put off as I had no interest in anything that remotely would end up with bisexual activity. Jim, the name he signed on his email, had made it clear he only wanted to watch and likely jerk off. He didn't say exactly what he thought about the two guys in his scene doing. When I wrote back I told him that the idea of fucking his wife was very exiting but I wasn't sure about adding another guy. His next email included some very intimate photos of his wife as an incentive to keep me interested and an invitation to meet him for a drink. 

I met him that evening and we really hit it off. Under different circumstances he would have been someone I could have become friends with. During our chat he told me that I was the most interesting of the guys that had replied to the ad. It seemed his wife had agreed to make the first outing as a slut with just one guy assuming she found me as sexy in person as she did in the clothed photo I sent. I told him that his wife was very sexy and I liked what I was hearing. 

We talked for a bit longer and then he asked if I would like to meet his wife. I thought that sounded like a good next step and asked when we could meet. It turned out she was at the bar and he waved her over. The three of us talked for maybe 15 minutes and then they excused themselves. I figured she had signaled that it was a no go. I also decided that too was fate. The next morning I had an email from Jim. 

Steve,

After meeting you, Suzi fucked my balls off last night she was so excited about fucking you. I can't wait to see what happens after you make her a true slut. Are you free Saturday night?

Jim

I was surprised and instantly aroused. So much so I took my cock out and masturbated as I imagined what the scene might be like Saturday night. I came so hard just fantasizing about fucking Suzi, I had to take the chance. Before I even put my dick away, I answered his email.

Jim,

I am free anytime Saturday. What is the plan?

Steve

He replied with details for me. They would be at the Holiday Inn out by the highway and a key would be waiting at the front desk. I was to join them at 8:00. So that is how I found myself standing in a dimly lit hotel suite living room. The only light came from a small desk lamp. Next to the lamp was a note.

Steve,

We are in the bedroom. Help yourself to a drink before you come in if you like. As we talked about, just come in and join her on the bed and do not acknowledge me. One small change, Suzi is really turned on and wants me to tell you that if it goes well you can stay and watch us fuck after you are spent, if you would like.

Jim

He had made it clear he wanted to be like a fly on the wall while Suzi and I fucked and that was fine with me. The idea of watching him fuck her cum-filled cunt after I filled her with my seed was a bit of added excitement. I skipped the drink and stripped down to my tight knit boxer-briefs as we had planned. My already half erect cock was outlined against the tight blue material. I was excited and scared at the same time. I had never done anything so kinky and erotic before and really couldn't be sure what I would find in the bedroom. For all I knew this could be a set up and I would walk in on a gang of sweaty bikers ready to make me the group bitch.

When I opened the bedroom door what I found was Suzi, lying naked on a king-sized bed. Her legs were spread and her fingers were dancing around her hairless pussy. Despite my instruction to ignore the presence of the watcher, I glanced in the direction of her gaze and saw Jim. He was sitting in a large chair naked. His cock was already fully erect. Obviously they were masturbating for each other as they waited for their guest to arrive. It was the first time I had seen an erect cock other than my own and I had to make myself look away. I was surprised and a little ashamed that I was so fascinated by his erect member. Jim true to his plan did not acknowledge my presence. However, when I turned back to Suzi she smiled and licked her lips seductively. I decided to try a little role play with her.

"Oh, excuse me! Am I in the wrong room?" I said with a bit of a fake stammer as I looked around as if I was trying to figure out where I was.

She grinned like the Cheshire Cat and purred, "Well sir, if it is the wrong room, I hope I can convince you to make it the right room."

By that time my cock was so hard that the tip was trying to sneak out of my waistband. Without another word I walked over to the bed and stood over her, admiring her amazing, writhing body. I had seen her in clothes as well as nude in pictures, but seeing her hot body displayed for me in person almost left me breathless. She still had a finger inside her pussy. The look in her eyes gave away how excited she was at the prospect of being fucked by a stranger while her husband watched. 

"See anything you like?" She moaned as she reached over and squeezed my cock though my underwear, "I sure do, big boy!"

I gasped as she fondled my erect manhood and could hear Jim's excited sighs behind me. Ignoring her husband, I suggested that she pull off my shorts and get a better look. She quickly slid her hand under my waistband and carefully exposed my hard rod. My cock was so engorged that it almost stood straight up. As her other hand was still busy with her pussy, I helped her push my shorts below my ass. They fell to the floor and I stepped free of them. I heard movement behind me and glanced back. Jim had moved to get a better view of my cock twitching in the air.

Suzi slid her hand between my legs and caressed my large low hanging balls. Jim exhaled loudly as he watched his wife fondle my cum-laden nuts. I reached down and stroked her hair as I gently guided her face toward my cock. She responded by pulling her fingers from her glistening cunt and bringing them to her lips. She teasingly licked and sucked the pussy juice from her fingers as she took hold of my throbbing cock with her other hand.

Our eyes met and I gazed deep into her beautiful dark eyes. Something told me it was time for me to take charge. Jim had mentioned in one of his messages to me that part of Suzi's fantasy was to submit to a strong forceful man. I stared hard at her; keeping a stern expression as she slowly stroked my cock. I felt as if she was begging me with her eyes to take charge and make her fulfill her fantasy to be a wanton slut.

"Let's see how much of a little slut you are," I moaned as I slid my hand behind her head and pulled her face toward my pre-cum oozing cock head.

She licked the clear, thick, musky fluid from the tip of my cock. She smiled at me as she savored the taste of a new man. Then she took my cleansed cock head in her mouth. With her lips closed just below the flare of my mushroom, she began to lustfully lick all over my spongy cock head. Even with her mouth full, her passionate moans filled the room as she took more of my cock into her talented mouth.

"Oh god yes! You are a horny little slut!" I cried out as I reached for her tits.

As I began to manhandle her tits and hard nipples, I heard Jim's whimpers and his balls slapping as her pounded his cock in his fist. The three of us were producing a kind of sexual symphony. There was Suzi's muffled moans and her lips slurping on my cock, my panting and heart pounding and Jim's jerking and whimpering. He was obviously really enjoying watching his wife slut herself by sucking my cock. I thought him a very lucky man as she easily took me into her throat. I had never had anyone come close to taking me that deep before. Suddenly I felt her chin touch my balls and her nose nestle into my pubic hair. She had my entire cock in her mouth and throat. Then to my further amazement she reached around me and grabbed my ass. She pulled me tighter to her and then pushed me back, encouraging me to fuck her face.

With one hand holding her head and the other squeezing and pulling her tit I began to fuck her mouth as if I was in her pussy. She controlled the pace; guiding me using long smooth thrusts in and out of her mouth and throat. She easily took each thrust of my tool like a professional cock sucker. After several minutes of giving me the best blow job of my life she pulled away. She had obviously sensed the rising tide in my loins.

"Not yet stud," She purred, "Your cock has a lot more work to do. Sucking that big cock made my cunt ache to be fucked good and hard!"

"I think it is time I ate that cunt, slut!" I responded.

She smiled at me like I had just given her the keys to the vault at Fort Knox. I climbed onto the bed and straddled her body. My legs pressed into her sides as if I was pinning her down. My saliva covered cock nestled between her milky tits as I hovered over her glistening cunt. She instinctively spread her legs wider as I lowered my face to her sex. My hot breath cascading over her clean shaven pussy caused her to squirm under me. Even if she wanted to escape she was trapped under me. Her pussy was mine and I was practically drooling at the prospect of tasting her nectar. I used my fingers to part her moist, swollen pussy lips. I gently kissed her hot, pink flesh, teasing her. I was going to make her beg for my tongue. I kissed all over and around her quivering pussy. My lips lingered on her smooth mound and silky thighs. She purred and moaned like a tigress in heat. She tried to reach down and push my face into her hungry cunt, but my legs held her arms away.

Jim had moved again to get a better look. Though I did not turn to see, I could feel he was closer. It seemed he wanted to get a good look at his wife becoming a slut for another man. I thought I heard a noise in the other room but quickly forgot it when Suzi screamed.

"Lick my cunt, please, baby! I need your hot tongue on me, now,!"

Having gotten what I wanted, I pressed my lips to her pussy and pushed my tongue as far into her as I could. I lapped at her pussy walls, drinking in her flowing juices.

"Oh god yesssssssssssss! Fuck me, you hot stud!" she screamed I replaced my tongue with two fingers as I slipped back to align my tongue with her hard clit. It was easy to find her pronounced nub in her warm fleshy folds. It felt huge against my tongue. She had the largest clit I had ever come across. It was obviously one of the most sensitive also. As my tongue swilled around it and my fingers explored her cunt, she came hard. Her pussy gushed creamy female cum and her body quivered under me. 

I shoved my ass back until my balls lay on her chin and took her long clit between my lips. As I sucked her pleasure button my fingers found her magic spot inside her orgasming pussy. I pressed into the swell and pushed my ass to her mouth. She needed no coaxing. She grabbed my ass cheeks and spread them open so that she could plunge her tongue into my anus. She wildly licked and kissed my puckering hole as she continued to cum on my face. I feared I would cum on her tits as her tongue sent awesome waves of pleasure though my body.

This time my orgasm was stopped by Jim's passionate screams. Suzi and I both stopped licking and sucking. We looked over just as the last ribbon of cum flew out of Jim's cock. He had cum so forcefully that there were white droplets arrayed from his chin to his belly. Oddly, the sight of Jim with his still hard cock in his hand, covered in his own cum watching his wife lick my asshole like a crazed slut heightened my desire to fuck Suzi.

I turned around and pushed her legs even wider as I got into position. I put my hands on her shoulders and pressed my cock into her wet slit. I could feel her large clit pressed against my cock head. I glanced over at Jim. He was staring wide eyed as he watched me prepare to mount his wife. I smiled at him before turning back to Suzi.

"Are you ready to be fucked hard babe?"

"Oh, god, yes, please fuck me good and hard! I need your big manly cock to fill my cunt and make me feel like a real woman," She moaned in response and she writhed under me.

I pulled my ass up slowly and my cock head slid down her slit until it found its mark and popped into her waiting cunt hole. Her eyes went wide as I drove my throbbing cock deep into her sopping wet cunt. When I reached the bottom I ground my cock into her as our sweaty bodies came together. I kissed her hard and then rose up on my hands and feet as if I was about to do push ups. Using my strong legs I drove my cock in and out of her hot cunt. 

"Oh god yes, fuck me, baby, give me all that cock. Fuck me like the whore I am, make me your slut, stud!" She screamed.

Jim was panting as he watched me use his wife's cunt like she was a cheap whore. I was close to exploding as I looked in Jim's direction again. I wanted him to see the face of the man that his wife was begging to fuck her harder. I was shocked to see two other men standing behind Jim's chair. They were naked and stroking their hard cocks as they watched me fuck Suzi. Both their cock heads glistened with pre-cum and their faces expressed pure animal lust. Obviously Suzi's cunt was going to be fucked raw and overflowing with spunk before the night was over. The picture of Suzi whoring herself for the group sent me over the edge. I turned back and stared into her face as I drove my cock deep into her quivering cunt. I felt her pussy walls clamp onto me as I exploded. I was blinded by passion and pleasure. She bucked under me, lifting her ass off the bed and forcing her cunt to take even more of my cock into her. Her screams mixed with the ringing in my ears. She was cuming too, but I cared little for that at the moment, I was far too lost in my own orgasmic haze. 

As I began to return to earth I realized the other two men were moving toward the bed. Somehow I manage to look them off. Apparently, Jim had told them that she was mine first and they could have her when I was done. Something inside me wanted Suzi to really be my total slut. That meant she would have to clean our combined sex juices from my cock before I turned her over to the drooling pair and their large dripping cocks. I pulled my dick from her pussy and straddled her face, laying my cunt juiced covered cock on her face.

"Clean it off, whore and I will get out of the way so you can have some more cock!" I barked

She lustfully licked and sucked my slowly deflating tool. Her bathing of my cock and balls continued long after she had swallowed every drop of our sex juices. Though my cock was growing erect again, I now wanted to watch her take on the two new men more than I wanted to fuck her again. I knew I could have all of her cunt I wanted later if I could bring myself to put my cock in a pool of other men's cum. I slid off the bed and went to get a drink in the other room as the new guys descended on Suzi.

I fixed Jim and I a drink and quickly returned to the bedroom. When I entered I saw that Suzi was on her hands and knees in the middle of the bed. One of the new men was sitting against the headboard and she was sucking his huge cock. I had not realized how big he was before. Her pretty lips were stretched around his shaft as she slid her hot hungry mouth up and down his long, fat dick. The other guy was behind Suzi ramming his cock into her dripping cunt so hard he was making her large, beautiful tits swing around like coconuts in a hurricane. With each thrust he snarled and smacked her sexy ass. Had she not been gagged by the big cock she was sucking her moans would have been deafening.

Jim was once again hard and leaking. He was transfixed on the scene in the bed and pounding his cock so hard in his fist I thought for sure he was rubbing the skin off his shaft. I offered him the drink but he was too lost watching his wife become a total cum-whore to acknowledge me. I sat both drinks down and plopped into another chair. The erotic scene quickly brought me back to full mast. However, I chose not to masturbate as I watched. I had already decided that every drop of cum I could muster up that evening was going inside Jim's slutty wife.

As Jim and I watched with rapt attention, Suzi's lips slipped off the big man's dick. He was cumming in torrents. His cock looked like a hose squirting milk. We could see the thick jism leaking from her mouth, but he was not done. He grabbed his cock and jerked as he aimed his spurting tool at Suzi's face. I couldn't believe one man could produce such a quantity of semen. Suzi screamed as she orgasmed on the other guy's cock while the big man was spraying cum all over her face.

"Come on slut, get your mouth back on my cock and suck up the rest of my hot cum," the big man demanded as he slapped his cock on her cum covered cheek.

She quickly gobbled up his cock again and started sucking like her life depended on it. The big man began a litany of nasty talk as he grabbed her hair and force-fucked her mouth. Jim was now pounding his cock mercilessly. Seeing his wife being totally abused and loving it had sent him into a frenzy. He spoke for the first time as his cock began to spew another load of thick spunk.

"Yes fuck my slut! Make her good and horny for me!" Jim yelled before his head fell back against the chair.

His body was shaking as his orgasm completely overtook him. The man behind Suzi withdrew his cock from her quivering cunt. Her copious juices glistened and dripped from his member. He repositioned his dick at Suzi's anus and growled.

"Ok slut, now I am going to take your tight asshole!"

He smacked Suzi's ass hard and pressed his throbbing manhood against her tight sphincter. She offered no resistance when he pushed his engorged cock head into her tight asshole. As he entered her the big man she was sucking grabbed her hair and forced her mouth down to his big, hot, sweaty, hairy balls. She began to feast on his huge nuts as the other man impaled her ass on his pole. Her cries clearly came from a mixture of pain and ecstasy. However, she never let up licking, kissing and sucking the big man's balls.

It was evident she had loosened up because the man behind her was fucking her asshole rhythmically like he had been fucking her cunt previously. His guttural groans and moans indicated that he was going to explode soon. The big man pulled his legs up and exposed his asshole for Suzi to pleasure. She went after his hairy hole like it was a sweet treat. Not even in a porn film had I ever seen a woman act like such a wanton whore. The man behind her suddenly went rigid and buried his cock to the hilt in her ass. I could see his fingers digging into her flesh where he was gripping her hips as he unloaded the contents of his balls into her bowels. As quickly as he came he fell away leaving her winking asshole leaking his thick semen. He lay panting on the bed as she continued to voraciously lick the other man's asshole. The big man had other plans though and grunted that it was time he had a piece of her cunt.
