 Dear Reader, the characters in this story were introduced in "Suzy and the Trucker." You may enjoy this story more if you read that one first. 

***** 

It started with the tiniest little tickle of an idea but grew into an obsession. Vera's imagination was in high gear as she scrolled the internet searching "sex toys". She thought she knew what she wanted but she was inexperienced and unsure of herself. Finally she saw a site that caught her eye. "A Sex Shop Run By Women". She picked up her phone and called. 

"Hello, this is Cynthia, how can I help you?" said the woman's pleasant voice. 

Vera froze for a second. This was getting very real. 

"I, uh, I want to buy a penis." 

Now the woman at Babeland paused. 

"Uh, okay. Can you tell me a little more?" 

Vera took a deep breath, let her breath out slowly, and then blurted out: 

"I want to be able to fuck my girlfriend and also fuck my husband. And I want it to feel good for me as I'm doing it. That's all I know. I don't know what to buy or how to use it and I'm hoping you can help me. Oh god, I feel so embarrassed saying this. You must think I'm horrible." 

Cynthia laughed, but in a friendly, supportive way. 

"Don't be silly. I don't think there's anything you could say that I haven't heard a hundred times before ... or done myself. I'm going to help you find the best product for what you want to do. Are you looking at our web site now?" 

"Yes, I am." 

"Okay. So basically what you want is a double dildo with a harness, and we have a number of different styles. We also have more advanced models with built in vibrators. Our best one has independent vibrators in both ends and two wireless controllers that let each of you individually control how much vibration your partner gets." 

Cynthia told Vera where to look at it on the web site. 

As Vera looked at the images she felt intimidated. 

"I've never used anything like that. I don't know how I would use it." 

"Would you like me to walk you through it?" asked Cynthia. 

"That would be great. You wouldn't mind?" 

"Not at all. That's part of my job. Okay, the first thing is for you to do is to decide if you want the longer end or the shorter end in yourself. You lube up that end and slide it in. Take all the time you want; enjoy yourself." Cynthia said this with a smile in her voice. "Then you'll put the ring on the harness over the dildo. It'll snap in place. Tighten the straps around your thighs and your waist and you'll be ready to play. 

It's as simple as that. You're ready for him or her. Or both. One little pointer I'll pass on is that usually it's best to do her first and then him. After it's been in his butt you have to clean it thoroughly before using it on her. But it's perfectly okay to go from her to him." 

As Cynthia was explaining how to use the double dildo her hand wandered down to her pussy. She started to get wet, fingering herself as she imagined using it with Suzy and with Bill. 

"How soon could I get it?" she asked. 

"I can take your payment information and you'll have it in three days." 

When the package arrived in the late afternoon three days later Vera took it into the bedroom and tore it open. She stripped off her clothing and caressed her breasts as she held the dildo in trembling hands. It was very firm but not rigid. Perfect. She washed it, lubed the longer part and gently pushed it against her pussy lips, parting them with her fingers as she slowly slid the dildo in. She stroked in and out, deeper and deeper until it was all the way in. She snapped it into the harness and fastened the straps. Vera found that she was able to move her new penis in and out about half an inch. She luxuriated in the feeling of fullness, so familiar from her relations with Bill, but somehow different. Vera picked up the controller and turned it on at the lowest setting, sighing with pleasure as the gentle vibrations spread inside her. She eased herself down onto the bed, holding onto the other end of the dildo, moving it back and forth, finding the most sensitive spots. A low moan escaped her lips as she felt an orgasm approaching. She turned the dial up to medium and held onto the other end of the dildo with both hands, pushing it into her pussy as far as the harness would permit. Thinking herself alone in the house she didn't restrain her voice. She out let a moan and then a full shriek as she came to a wonderful climax. Vera turned the vibrator off and lay there on the bed, her heart thudding in her chest. 

It was later in the day than Vera thought. Suzy was home. When she had come home and saw the bedroom door closed she'd assumed that Vera was taking a nap but when she heard her shrieking she became alarmed. 

Suzy opened the door, asking "Are you alright?", and saw Vera lying on the bed with this thing sticking out of her. 

Suzy closed the door as soon as she could but she couldn't unsee what she had seen. 

Half an hour later Vera came out of the bedroom. She looked at Suzy, uncertainly. 

"I'm sorry Vera. When I heard you scream I was afraid something terrible was happening." 

"No, it's my fault. I should have locked the door. Uh, can we talk about what just happened?" 

Suzy was willing to listen. "Sure, if you want." 

"Suzy, your living here has turned my head around. I mean, before, Bill and I had a pretty normal sex life. His being in chastity on the road was just normal for us and we had sex when we wanted when he was home. Now, well, with you and me, we've moved into something that I never expected. I don't want to make you uncomfortable but I think you know what you do to me. When I look at you it's hard for me to keep my hands to myself. I want to touch you all the time and I want you to touch me. And I love it when the two of us are together with Bill." 

At first, when Vera started talking, Suzy was afraid she was going to say that she wanted Suzy to leave but as Vera continued Suzy relaxed. She stood next to Vera and put her head on her shoulder. Vera responded, hugging her closely. 

"I bought that rig because..." Vera found it hard to speak. Suzy finished the sentence for her. "You bought it because you want to fuck me. Is that right?" 

Vera nodded. "I would have said 'make love to' but, yeah, you're right. I want to fuck you when we're by ourselves and I want to do it when all three of us are together." 

"Vera, does Bill know about this?" 

Vera hesitated. "No, not really. Well, not at all. I mean, he knows that I like to be sexy with you and that's okay with him but he doesn't know about this penis I bought." 

"Listen, you're his wife and all but I really think you should talk to him about this. You two have a great relationship, or at least I think you do. Why wouldn't you be open with him about this?" 

"Suzy honey, you are perfect. You're absolutely right. When he gets back from this trip I will." 

Vera was suddenly shy but spoke anyway. "Suzy, like I just said I am going to tell Bill but in the meantime, now, I'd really like to for us to ...get intimate." 

Suzy took a deep breath. "Wow! Who would have thought that my pickup breaking down on the interstate would lead here, where we are now?" She said this with a big smile on her face. "I'd love to! Take me, I'm yours" she said theatrically, opening her arms wide. 

"Will you ...? Will you do it with me now? Vera asked. 

Suddenly shy, Suzy just nodded. Vera took her by the hand and led her into the bedroom that was hers and Bill's. Suzy stood very still as Vera kissed her softly on her lips and unbuttoned her blouse. Vera touched her breasts through the sheer fabric of her bra and was encouraged by Suzy's nipples perking up. She reached around and unsnapped her bra, letting it fall to the floor. As Vera leaned down and licked Suzy's nipples with the tip of her tongue Suzy moaned softly. Vera unbuckled Suzy's belt, unbuttoned her pants and slid them of her wide hips. Suzy kicked her shoes off and was almost naked in front of Vera, wearing only panties that were almost transparent. Suzy's dark pubic hair was clearly visible through the fabric. 

"Take your panties off, sweetie." 

Suzy got rid of them. 

As Vera pulled the harness on Suzy asked to see the dildo. They both laughed as they handled their man toy. Suzy bit it. "Bill wouldn't like it if I did that to him." 

They lay together on the bed, Vera drifting her hand over Suzy, touching her ever so lightly. Suzy closed her eyes, drinking in the experience, feeling loved and cherished. Vera lay on the bed, maintaining contact with Suzy as she spread lube on one end of the dildo. Before she could slide it into herself Suzy reached over and grabbed it. 

"Let me use it on you first." 

Vera's breath quickened as Suzy gently touched the dildo to her pussy lips. Suzy moved the 'penis' in a half inch and then out. She moved it back in, pushing slightly up, down and to the sides, looking for the best reactions from Vera. Vera helped, putting her hand over Suzy's and holding it in just the right spots. 

"I wonder if we really need the harness. Lay on your side". Suzy lubed the other end of the dildo as Vera played with her pussy. Soon they both had 'cock' in their pussies and were reaching around to each other's ass, pulling themselves as close together as possible. 

"I almost forget to show you. Take this." 

Vera thrust a controller into Suzy's hand. 

"This controls a vibrator on my end. I have one that does the same for you." 

Suzy started to laugh but her laughs changed as Vera turned the vibrator on. 

"Oh ... Oh! ...Oh My!" 

Vera increased the vibrator's intensity and began to move in and out. Suzy wrapped her legs around Vera, pulling the 'cock' deeper into her, wanting to get the full effect. Then she remembered the controller she had in her hand. She turned it on, giving Vera a jolt. Vera gasped at the sudden vibrations and thrust in and out more rapidly. Suzy pulled Vera onto her back and got on top. Vera reached up to Suzy's breasts, pinching her nipples gently. That was enough to send Suzy over the edge. She came hard, pushing the 'cock' into herself as deeply as she could. When Vera sensed that she was done she turned the vibrator off and squeezed her with a hug. 

They lay together in each other's arms, still connected by their 'cock'. 

"He's good!" Suzy joked. "He's still hard!" 

"What do you think? Should we keep "him" around?" asked Vera. 

"Oh, yes! Absolutely!" 

***************************************************** 

Bill came back the following day. He had been on the road for 6 days and was particularly horny. 

"Vera hon, I want to get you in bed real quick." 

Vera quickly unlocked him so he could get cleaned up. "I have a special surprise for you." 

Bill showered, shaved and presented himself to Vera who liked what she saw: her strong, tall husband half erect with anticipation. She playfully slapped him on the butt while holding one hand behind her back. 

"What do you have back there, Vera honey?" 

"Just a little toy that I hope you'll like,'" as she showed him the dildo and harness. 

Bill was literally speechless until ..."What are thinking of doing with that, Vera?" 

"I was reading about how some men love having their prostate stimulated so I thought we'd give it a try. What d'you say? Can we give it a try?" 

"You mean like put that thing in my ass?" 

"Uh, yeah, that's the only way to get to the prostate." 

"Well, that's not exactly what I had in mind by 'getting into bed with you' but I guess so. I'm willing to give it a try. Your ideas usually work out for the best. It seems you've already put a lot of thought and work into this." 

"Great!" Vera said as she proceeded to put her rig on. 

"So, we're going to have to see what works here. I think you should get on your hands and knees on the bed. I'll get behind you. Spread your legs a little. That's it." 

Vera used her hand to guide the dildo to Bill's butt hole, which was nice and clean from the shower. She lubed it well and slowly pushed. 

"Relax Bill. If you pretend you're taking a crap it'll relax those muscles and let me in." 

Soon the dildo was past the sphincter muscles. As Vera slowly penetrated him she reached around and felt his cock. It was rock hard. 

"You seem to be enjoying this. Or at least your cock is." 

Bill gasped out "This is really intense Vera. I've never felt anything like this before." 

Vera didn't respond. She began to rock her hips rhythmically, moving the dildo in and out. Bill timed his movements to hers, seeking the maximum penetration. Vera globbed lube onto one hand and stroked Bill's cock, balls, and perineum. With her other hand she turned on the vibrator. The combination of anal penetration, prostate stimulation and penis handling, not to mention being abstinent for the past week, quickly brought Bill to the edge. Vera thrust herself in as deeply as she could as she felt Bill reach orgasm. He shot a huge load of cum all the way to the pillows at the head of the bed as Vera squeezed his cock and the soft flesh just behind the tip. He collapsed onto the bed, totally spent. They lay there for a few minutes, him still penetrated but with the vibrator turned off. 

"Vera, that was intense. And amazing. Thank you." A moment later ..."but how about you? I'm used up. I don't have anything left to give you." 

"Hm-m-m. I guess my timing was off. Next time you should get me off first, before I play with you. Of course ..." she said to herself as much as to Bill, "I don't have to unlock the cage off of you. Meanwhile, I should tell you that Suzy and I have been enjoying ourselves with this little toy." Vera said this with a big smile on her face. 

This caught Bill unprepared. Up to now his love life with Vera had been predictable and satisfying. At least it had been satisfying for him. He had been happy to wear the chastity cage when he was on the road; it helped keep him safe for Vera. Vera had seemed happy with the way things were but now she was changing things. 

"Honey, this all has me confused. I thought things were good between us but now... I guess I was wrong." "Are you going to leave me?" he asked fearfully. 

A deep sadness descended onto Bill. 

"Oh, Bill honey, no. I love you. I wouldn't leave you. Never. I'm so sorry this made you afraid that I would. We don't ever have to do any of this again. I just thought it would be fun for both of us. I should have talked to you about it first. I thought you'd like it. I'll throw this in the garbage and we'll go back to how things were." 

Bill perked up. Her willingness to return to 'normal' put things into a new light for him. His shoulders relaxed as he breathed out and said "Give me a big hug." They embraced, wrapping their arms and legs around each other, pulling themselves against each other as completely as they could. 

"So, tell me all about what you and Suzy did." Bill asked after a few minutes. He was in a much better mood and listened eagerly, vicariously participating in their sexy encounter. 

Suzy had been cooking dinner while Bill and Vera were by themselves. When Vera and Bill emerged from the bedroom Bill scooped Suzy up next to him with one arm and gave her a big kiss. She was uncertain for a moment but quickly returned his kiss with her own. 

"Vera told me about what the two of you have been doing. It sounds hot. I wish I didn't have to be on the road so much." Bill said this with a big smile on his face. 

"Big Boy, (this was Suzy's affectionate nickname for Bill) you have no idea how glad I am that Vera is willing to share you with me. Meanwhile, during your lo-o-o-ng absences, yep, we girls have been playing together." 

They stood in the kitchen, Bill with his right arm around Vera, his left arm around Suzy and Vera's and Suzy's arms around each other. It wasn't planned that way but they stayed that way for a full minute, drinking in their deep affection for each other, until Bill broke the mood. 

"What's for dinner?" he asked with a smile.