 SUZI LEE'S FIRST THREESOME: A young girlfriend decides if a new sexual adventure is worth the loss of her precious reputation.

NOTE: All parties in this story were 18 years of age or older when it took place.

*****

My old girlfriend Suzi and I had been together for about three years at the time this story took place. We were matched pretty well in a sexual way, probably too well as a matter of fact. 

Suzi was just as adventurous as I was, and was pretty much game to try almost anything. Within that three-year time we had been together we had experimented and done pretty much everything two horny young people could do together.

We met at a friend's wedding at the end of August, and started dating a few months after that. We had been going together for only about a month when Suzi gave me her virginity three days after Christmas... and it was the best present I ever got!

It was literally the gift that kept on giving, and only grew better each time I used it!

After losing her cherry, Suzi's next endeavor in the world of sex oddly enough was trying anal sex. After a few times she found she liked it, and sometimes she's even have an orgasm while being fucked in the ass.

Oral sex took a little while for her to work up the nerve to attempt, even though she loved having it done to her of course. 

When I was finally able to talk her into giving her first blowjob, it turned out she was a talented natural at it! Suzi's very first time sucking my cock she swallowed my entire load, without having to be encouraged to.

Suzi's skill to deep-throat a cock took a little while for her to develop, but she worked at it diligently, much to my delight!

It wasn't very long before she was getting my 8-inch cock all the way down her throat without gagging. Suzi soon after became quite an expert at sucking cock, and she was very proud of her new skills. With that latest talent under her belt, anal sex took a backseat to oral sex, but we'd still have anal sex during the times when there was a danger of Suzi getting pregnant but we were just too horny not to fuck in some way.

Suzi has a very bubbly personality. Which makes a lot of people like to be around her. She is 5'4", about 123lbs., with shoulder-length reddish-brown hair and bright blue eyes. Her measurements are 36A-28-34, and her tits are very firm and perky with light pink areola, and much of the time she doesn't bother wearing a bra. Suzi's pubic hair was a medium brown and she had just the perfect shaped bush. It was natural, though she sometimes trimmed it, and on some occasions shaved it off for that 'little girl look' if I asked. She has nice legs, and a sweet plump ass that just begged to be fucked hard.

Suzi looked like your typical young innocent girl-next-door, and a lot of guys seemed to like to hit on her that very reason, especially older men. The fact is, she got a lot of naughty propositions from older men all the time.

Suzi babysat a few times a week for a couple of her neighbors as side jobs, along with a few part-time jobs she occasionally had. She said a few of the husbands would harmlessly flirt with her sometimes.

I eventually heard later from another neighbor of hers that a number of those dads had mentioned in conversations they wouldn't mind "corrupting" Suzi.

They all thought she was just so sweet and innocent... and just too cute for her own good. 

Even one of the older men in my vocational class was very hot for Suzi after meeting her. He was a professional photographer and actually had quite a collection of X and XXX-rated pictures of different couples and girls that he'd taken over the years. He'd always be bringing some in to show the guys in class.

He was always asking me to bring Suzi over to his place some weekend. He was very open and blunt that his plan was to get her drunk and take nude photos of her... and to fuck her of course. He tried to bribe me with offers of making me copies of all the pictures he'd take. Saying he would also take some of us having sex, and that I could take some of him and her together.

I was very tempted, but I knew if I did that Suzi's photos would eventually make the rounds of the class too. So I regretfully had to pass on the offer.

Knowing and looking at Suzi, you would never think she could be so wild when it came to sex. The truth was she loved just about anything to do with sex.

Of course like I mentioned, Suzi absolutely loved to have her pussy eaten, if you did that to her, she would just melt and be putty in your hands, and up for just about anything you suggested to try.

Suzi also had one of the tightest pussies I've ever fucked, she had great control of all the muscles in her snatch, and she knew how to use them even at that young age. If she wanted, Suzi could tighten up her pussy and tear a condom off your cock if you were wearing one. That was a talent she used on me quite often because she much preferred the feel of a bare cock and being able to feel you cum inside her, to the feeling of a rubber.

EXPANDING OUR SEXUAL HORIZONS

Our sex life was obviously very good, if not outright great for a couple of teenagers. But we were a very adventurous couple and always looking for something new to try to keep from getting bored. We experimented with everything we could think of doing. Having sex in different places including public ones, with the danger of being caught. 

We tried bondage, role-playing, dirty talk, lingerie' and sexy clothing. We even got into taking Polaroid photographs very early on in our relationship. Suzi loved being photographed nude so much; she would often buy the film herself with money from her part-time job. Needless to say, we also loved taking pictures of ourselves having sex... and we did that a lot!

We also talked about trying such things as partner swapping and group sex.

I soon began to fantasize what it would be like to watch Suzi fuck another guy... and of course having another girl join us, so I eventually brought up the subject of threesomes with her.

After some discussion and thinking on it, Suzi admitted she thought it might be fun to mess around with some friends.

We eventually agreed that we would try both combinations of threesomes, and if we liked it we might try other things from there. It was decided to prevent any jealousy or other troubles that we would each pick the person who would join in the threesome for the other one of us... she would find another girl for me and I would find a guy for her.

My part turned out to be easy. Having already spent a lot of time thinking on the idea of watching another guy fuck Suzi, I by then already had someone in mind for her that I thought would be perfect for the job... but I didn't tell Suzi who it was right away.

MY CHOICE FOR SUZI'S FIRST THREESOME

What I didn't tell Suzi right away was I had already decided that my cousin, Patrick, would be the best choice for her first threesome... for a number of different reasons.

The first practical reason being because he was our age of course, and I also thought that since Suzi knew Patrick already; it would make her first time with another guy easier for her to get into.

Patrick and I had actually both met Suzi on the same day, while at a friend's wedding reception. If poor Suzi had only knew then how within three years the two of us cousins working together would turn her into such a slut... she probably would have ran the other way when I first walked up and asked her to dance.

My second reason was probably the most important of all to me... Patrick had fucked a lot of girls! Pat sort of had a reputation among all our friends as quite a stud, and in fact it was a well-deserved fame. My cousin pretty much fucked every girl we knew and hung out with. Every time a new girl joined our group to hang out, or moved into the neighborhood - Patrick almost for sure got into her panties within just a few weeks. It was this experience that also gave me a secret ulterior motive for picking him for Suzi.

The third reason I chose him was because Pat also had a lot of experiences with group sex. There were a couple of girls that my cousin had gotten into doing gangbangs every weekend with him and a few of his close friends. So I knew it wouldn't be a problem for my cousin to smooth things along with Suzi, or for him to fuck her right in front of me.

THE "SLIGHT" ISSUE OF CHOOSING PATRICK... AND THE SECRET "SLUT LIST" BOOK

However, there were also a few obstacles with choosing Patrick that had to be overcome first. One major drawback with my cousin was that he wasn't very discreet about his sexual adventures... he liked to boast about his encounters and conquests, and all the girls including Suzi, knew this all too well. 

However, what my girlfriend and all the other girls didn't know, but most of us guys in the group did, was that Patrick keep a "secret" binder notebook that he half-jokingly referred to as his, "SLUT LIST". The rest of us who knew about its existence, and sometimes were lucky enough to view it, simply called it, "THE BOOK".

In this old re-purposed school notebook, Patrick kept track of all the information about all his sexual conquests... including all the usual things like names, address and phone numbers, birth dates and ages. However he also included dates, times, and places the encounters took place, what sex acts they performed, what positions they used, descriptions and his opinions on the girls' bodies... and having read the book I knew that my cousin could be quite brutal in his reviews and critiques sometimes, if he didn't consider the girl or her performance up to his standards.

Patrick even had a system for rating the girls on their performance for every sex act they did. My cousin was very organized when it came to his record keeping on this particular matter, and each girl had her own section in "The Book".

The book also contained all the notes and letters Pat received from the girls and they ranged from the sappy to the steamy. He'd also keep any photos of his conquests in the book as well if they gave him pictures, or were dumb enough to let him take nudes photos of them. The habit of bragging aside, my cousin was a smooth enough operator to talk quite a few of the girls into posing for him. He once told me that it was pretty much a snap to ask one of the girls to let him try out his "new" camera by taking some shots. And then lead her into getting naked for some "private photos" less than an hour later. 

As I mentioned, the big thing for the rest of us was that my cousin would sometimes let certain of his male friends he trusted read the notebook when there were no females around. We got to see the reviews, the letters and notes, the photos... everything!

Of course, none of us few lucky guys ever told the girls anything about Patrick's record keeping hobby... not if we wanted to keep up to date on "The Book", as we called it in code amongst ourselves, as calling it the "slut list" if overheard by the wrong ears would spell disaster. We never even uttered the phrase, "The Book" unless we were absolutely positive we were alone and among the "chosen few"... to avoid any questions no one in the know wanted to answer. That is how careful we were.

Suzi of course never knew about "The Book", and up until the day this story is being written she has never known it existed... and probably never will.

That was also the forth reason, and my own personal and secret ulterior motive that Patrick was my first choice to fuck Suzi... because I was very interested in seeing how my former virgin girlfriend would stack up when compared to all the other girls my experienced cousin had fucked in the past.

I was also hugely turned on by the idea of 'innocent' Suzi joining the ranks of my cousin's conquests, and getting a few pages in his infamous book of sluts.

I knew my cousin well enough to know he wouldn't be cutting Suzi any slack when it came to her entry in "The Book", just because she was my girlfriend. After all, Patrick hadn't pulled any punches when he wrote the poor review for one of our friend's sister who fell into bed with him one weekend.

No, Suzi would be just another chick that spread her legs for him, and Patrick would grade her according to his judgment of her skills and performance. The possibility that my cousin's review of Suzi could go either way, be good or bad, was a great part of the thrill for me.

Without a doubt, I myself didn't have as much sexual experience when compared to Patrick, as I'd only been with two girls sexually before Suzi, so just because I thought my girlfriend was good in bed didn't mean my cousin would make the same assessment. Suzi and I have been practicing and honing our sex skills together for the past three years. If Pat found Suzi to be a lousy piece of ass, in a way it would reflect negatively on both of us as a couple. The failure would be as much mine as it would be hers... but the only way to find out if Suzi could make the grade would be to do the deed... and it was a risk I was more than willing to take for the answer.

I also must admit that I loved the idea of most of my cousin's close cronies eventually reading Pat's raw and candid review of his experience with Suzi. Once it happened, (if it happened I told myself at that time) I knew I would be on pins and needles the entire time until I could finally read Suzi's review. 

Until I thought the time was just right to divulge the news, I only just hinted to Suzi for some short time that I had someone in mind I thought would fit the bill perfectly for her threesome. And the more the suspense began to get to her, the more I stubbornly refused to reveal whom it was I had picked for her. I thought waiting in anticipation would make her more receptive to the idea of my cousin being the one, once I finally revealed my choice. 

After making her wait what I thought was an acceptable amount of time, I finally decided the moment was as right as it would ever get, and I revealed to her exactly whom it was that I chosen to be her guest cock.

Suzi was stunned beyond belief when she heard who it was!

I could tell right away that my girlfriend had wildly mixed feelings about the news; she was obviously torn between being wickedly interested in what it be like to fuck Patrick, and being more than just a little bit hesitated over my choice of sex partners for her... of course mainly because of his rascal-like reputation for bragging to anyone who would listen about his sexual triumphs.

SUZI'S BIG DILEMMA 

As expected, a huge part of why Suzi was so concerned and hesitant about my pick was that my cousin wasn't exactly known within our circle of friends for being very discreet about the girls he fucked. She knew Patrick in fact had no problems - and in fact delighted in - telling all his buddies all about his conquests in the bedroom... or anywhere else he found sex for that matter.

At that moment there was absolutely no doubt in Suzi's mind (or mine for that matter) that within a day of her allowing it to happen, all of Pat's male friends would know she had let him fuck her, and that they would know everything down to the last fine detail of the encounter!

Suzi admitted right away that she was very apprehensive about the damage Patrick's boasting would do to her reputation.

As they both were essentially living in the same neighborhood, Suzi wasn't too keen on having her integrity ruined... especially if word of what she had done somehow got back to her other close personal friends, or worse yet... her family!

Suzi was already certain her parents would disown her if they could ever prove she was fucking her boyfriend, she couldn't even begin to imagine what they would do if they heard or found out she was doing anything like having group sex with multiple partners?

I did my best to appear sympathetic while she expressed her concerns and not to let on that privately, I totally loved the idea of my cousin bragging to all the guys he knew about screwing my sweet little girlfriend - and hopefully, with fingers crossed - telling them what a great piece of ass she had been.

Also at this time, Patrick had been involved on and off for a while with a girl we knew named Charity... though that didn't stop my cousin at all from getting laid on the side whenever he wanted.

Suzi and I both knew Charity fairly well, as she had been part of our social group for quite some time, and Pat made it no secret to me that there were some troubles in their often stormy relationship, as they seem to bicker constantly most of the time, especially when they weren't having sex.

Charity as it happened, also worked with Suzi at her one part-time job, and they became sort of closer friends because of that.

Charity had also been telling Suzi for sometime how good the sex with my cousin was... when she and Patrick weren't fighting. Charity was also a bit of a troublemaker and like her drama. Oddly enough, Charity had been urging Suzi to start fucking around on me during the time they worked together, even though Suzi repeatedly turned the idea down. Little did Charity know that some poetic justice was heading her way... and where her "encouragement" was going to lead Suzi to later on?

I myself was optimistic at the beginning of our talks on the topic that Suzi, despite her serious concerns, never outright disqualified Patrick as a choice to join us for her threesome... like I had first thought she possibly might. 

Even with her serious reservations about Pat's past lack of discretion concerning his sexual adventures, I got the slight impression that Suzi may have also been kind of turned-on by the thought of fucking her friend's "boyfriend".

SUZI WEIGHTS THE PROS & CONS OF FUCKING PATRICK

Suzi had to carefully consider all the risks to herself, and to her good name, of letting a bragger like Patrick fuck her. Something like that becoming public knowledge could alter her life in ways that could never be fixed! She had to decide if the possible dire consequences were all going to be worth it for some new sexual exploration. 

With all the possible heavy repercussions that were at stake weighing on her shoulders, Suzi finally said she would definitely need a day or two to really think over the idea of inviting my cousin in on the venture.

I was positive that her curiosity was hugely peaked, so I agreed to give her the time she needed to come to a decision, and waited to see what would happen next.

After a few days to herself for some serious contemplation, Suzi agreed that we could try asking Patrick to join us for her first threesome. She almost shyly admitted that she had heard all the stories from the other girls we hung around with - talking about what a stud Patrick was in the bedroom. Suzi conceded that despite her better judgment, the curiosity just got the better of her. She was deeply interested to find out for herself if what they were all saying about my cousin and his sexual skills was really true.

Another girl we all hung out with named Theresa lived right next door to my cousin, and was the first girl he dated when he first moved into the area.

Even though they were no longer together as a couple, it was common knowledge to everyone that Theresa was hooked on Patrick's cock, and that she shamelessly fucked and sucked my cousin every chance she got... even when he was dating someone else.

Outside of her discussions with Charity at their part-time job, Theresa was probably the next best source for stories concerning my cousin's prowess in the sack for Suzi.

Suzi actually blushed when she finally confessed to me she'd been wondering and daydreaming over the last couple of days what actually fucking my cousin would be like. The way she brought the subject up, I could tell Suzi was worried that I might get angry that she was wondering how it would be to screw another guy. But in reality, it thrilled me that she was giving it so much thought.
