 SV (the Mr) and K (the Mrs) are in their early 40s, and have been married for almost 2 decades. Around year 10 or so, they started exploring swinging with other couples, starting out first with just same-room sex, to soft-swapping (everything but full sex with another couple), to full-swap (full on sex with another partner). They also started exploring swinging resorts, eventually settling on Desire as the best place to go for them, and having great experiences there. 

They had been lucky to have mostly good experiences with other couples. However, what they had learned about each other is that the Mrs enjoys being watched by others, and the Mr enjoyed watching others with the Mrs.

Upon moving to a new state, they started exploring new couples on a local swinger's site and eventually found a new couple to play with. From the sporadic dinner date and play time after, to trips to Desire as a foursome, this couple has become very comfortable to SV and K over the years, such that when playing with this couple, they no longer used condoms. The sight of watching him cum inside the Mrs while the Mr comes into the other wife, is just amazing and a common topic of discussion when SV and K play together. 

However, as hot as it is to watch another man cum in his wife's pussy, and as incredible it feels to cum inside a woman who is not his wife, SV has mostly been fantasizing about being able to just sit and watch the Mrs have sex with another man. Maybe to possibly join in later, or maybe just to sit, watch, and self-pleasure while he watches his wife have orgasm after orgasm, but SV sometimes has visual overload and would just like to watch his wife have sex and or just do a threesome. And upon a trip to a local swinger's club recently, he finally got his wish fulfilled.

One Friday night, they decided to head down to the swinger's club to have dinner, do some dancing, and maybe play outside in the teepee or in one of the playrooms in the basement. He knew that she liked to play where others could watch, so over dinner, he was getting further and further aroused thinking about what the night had in store. SV was wearing a nice pair of jeans and a button-down shirt, because K loved seeing him dressed up. K was wearing a super tight, sheer dress, that didn't leave much to the imagination, along with some thigh high stockings and thigh high boots (SV has a thing for tall, leggy boots). No bra, and no underwear, as is the standard for them. 

After dinner, they went to the bar to retrieve a few glasses of wine they brought. While sitting at the bar, they struck up a conversation with another man at the bar, named B, discussing the amazing night of weather, and the awesome party. B was dressed in linen pants and a button down linen shirt (something K finds incredibly attractive). B was similar in height to SV, but was about 30lbs lighter and more fit.

A few drinks later, clearly K and her gentleman friend are hitting it off, she's clearly entertained with his sense of humor and fit physique, and he is enamored by her amazing body and full tits (accentuated by her dress pushing them up high and tight). As the music picked up, B asked both SV and K if he could take K out on the dance floor. Of course, this was OK, and it impressed K that he would be thoughtful and aware enough to ask them both. SV sat at the bar watching K and B dance to some of the music played at the disco, and he enjoyed the view.

As the dancing went on, they were holding each other closer and closer, and grinding more on each other, and SV could not be happier to watch his wife get more and more hot and bothered as the songs went on. Eventually though, they came back to the bar to refill drinks and have a rest. K asked SV if he would like to dance, but he passed as the music wasn't his favorite, and he would rather watch them.

More conversation, light touching, and flirting continued at the bar, and it was decided to get out of the heat a bit and head out to the teepee to cool off in the cool fall air. Everyone grabbed another drink, and the three of them went outside. 

K had asked B if he was married or not, had a girlfriend, etc. He was recently divorced, but had multiple female friends, married and single, both in and out of the lifestyle. He was colloquially known as a 'Bull', which is generally meant to describe a man who is well endowed that has sex with women either for their husbands to watch or to participate in a threesome (or moresome). SV hadn't seen if K had snuck a chance to feel if he was well endowed, but he assumed she had felt it while they were dancing. 

In the teepee, they were all three laying on the open bed, having a great time. There were two other beds with other couples lounging around enjoying the night air and the fire in the center providing enough warmth to keep everyone from having to wear winter clothing. K was sneaking glances at SV to see if he was OK with this moving forward. SV was trying his best to let her know that he was OK with however far as she wanted to go. 

After an hour in the teepee laughing and having great conversation, she got up the nerve to start lightly caressing B's legs. Slowly but surely her hand kept sliding a bit higher and higher until finally she was able to very lightly slide the back of her fingers along the seam of his pants right over his crotch. At the same time, SV was stroking K's inner thigh, and while doing this was slowly sliding up her dress higher and higher, hoping that B would notice. SV also saw K's nipples hardening more and more as this went on, until the perfect moment where K could lightly caress B's cock through his pants, while SV was lightly stroking K's labia and around her pussy.

As this went on longer and longer, the other couples in the tent were noticing the exchanges going on the bed with three people clearly enjoying themselves so far, which only served to get K more hot and horny.

Finally, SV said so both K and B "K, why don't you show B how good of a kisser you are?". K took her cue to slowly slide up next to B and start to lightly kiss B on the lips. Slowly their lips parted and they started to swirl their tongues around each other's mouths. SV continued to stroke K's inner through, occasionally stroking her labia, and he could feel her getting more and more wet. As the kissing got deeper and hotter, she was getting more and more forthcoming on stroking his cock through his pants. At the same time, his hands were now more mobile, and he was working on sliding down the top of her dress as he occasionally pinched and twisted her nipples. Each time his pinched and twisted her nipples, she would have to break away from her kiss with B to catch her breath and let out a soft moan.

It's at this point that SV slid away a bit to let things develop. K occasionally checked in with SV by catching his eye, but each time she did, she saw more and more hunger in SV's eyes, because she knew this is something he has wanted to see for a long time.

Now, something to know about SV and K. While SV is of average endowment, it's always been enough for K. However, there are times, when K is incredibly horny or aroused where she likes something larger. To have more fun, out of the dozens of sex toys they have, SV and K have two specific toys in the bedroom that she sometimes likes to pull out. The first one is a large 8" dildo that she likes to have stretch her out while SV kneels next to her to either get a blowjob, or to slowly stroke his cock until he comes on her tits or face while she orgasms. The other is a cock sleeve that she likes him to wear that adds a little girth as well as about 2-3 inches of length to SV's penis. Additionally, K is a squirter, much to SV's delight, so he enjoys partaking in that pastime as well with special toys, lubes, and techniques.

Back in the teepee, K and B are now making out heavily while B is switching between kissing and sucking on her tits while rubbing and fingering her pussy. K is working on rubbing his cock more and more through his pants, clearly enjoying what she is feeling. Occasionally, B is pulling his finger up to his mouth to taste her wetness. K then says, "If you want, you can get a better taste". B took his cue and moved to lay her on her back and slowly ran his hands and face down her body, with a stop at her luscious tits, to settle his face between her legs. SV moves to slide a pillow under K's head to give her a better view, as she loves to look down and make eye contact when someone is licking her pussy.

With K on her back, her dress pulled down under her tits and up over her hips, legs spread wide with B laying on his stomach and his head in between her legs. B is grinding his crotch into the bed as he rubs his shrouded cock on the bed, slowly licking her clit, lips, and pulling her lips in a sucking motion (something that was discussed earlier that she loves). SV was sitting in the corner of the bed in the teepee admiring the view (as were the other two couples in the teepee, who were also getting handsy with each other). SV could tell that K was getting close, and B took his cue to slowly slide a finger inside her pussy in the ever-so-popular 'come hither' motion, rubbing her G-spot while he sucked on her pussy. This sent K over the edge and her body started shuddering, and her moans grew louder. She reached out for SV and found his thigh and squeezed tight, the peak of her climax hitting. K always comes harder when she can maintain contact with her husband. SV started to hear that familiar gushing sound and was exited to know that she was cummings inside his mouth. B, to his credit, did his best to swallow it all in, but some made it out and on to his face, much to his pleasure. 

K sat up looking for a break, and B used this moment to catch his breath. Coming up, K's juice was visible all over B's mouth and face, but B was clearly quite happy in his condition. Everyone kind of regrouped up on the bed while K caught her breath, with laughs, giggles, and 'good jobs' all around. After a few minutes, K went back to rubbing B's cock, which was now fully engorged and visible through his pants. He was hard after grinding his cock so much on the bed while literally drinking K in. K moved to undo his pants to free B's cock. B helped her out and sat up to get his pants down, and then K saw it.

One of the larger cocks she had seen was now right in front of her, and was all hers to use as she saw fit. She wrapped her hand around it and slowly slid her hand up and down his shaft, enjoying the feel of the taught skin and cleanly shaved shaft and balls. B was now moaning as she stroked his cock, and with her other hand, she ran her hand over SV's cock as well. SV gave K a deep, passionate kiss while rubbing her tits, and he commanded her to taste his cock. She obediently moved to B's cock and started to run her tongue up and down his cock. B was already on the edge, but K knew not to go too far too soon. SV jokingly reminded B that he needs to think about baseball or something so he doesn't end too soon. 

But K was feeling mischievous, and decided that she would try to take him whole into her mouth. She ran her tongue one last time up from his balls to the tip of his cock, pressed the tip of his cock on her pursed lips, and then opened her lips to take him all in. As his cock was pulled in to her mouth, she would stroke his cock with her hand in the same direction and rate as her mouth, while swirling her tongue around the tip of his cock and along the soft fleshy under side of his penis. She started speeding up, making his cock more and more wet, hearing B's moans grown louder, lower, and more intense. She could then feel with her hands his balls and cock start pulsating and she knew he was close to cumming. But she didn't want to stop. Finally, B said "I'm going to cum", fully expecting her to stop and give him a hand job. However, that just made K move faster and suck harder, until finally his body clenched up and he shot his load deep down her throat. Now, it should be noted that K is not commonly a woman who swallows, but in this case, it was fun for her, and she wanted to taste this new man. She got nearly every last drop, taking the time to catch the last dribbles coaxed out of his cock by her firm stroking grip, all done with a devilish smile on her face while she watched SV's face, which was now in ecstasy.

She climbed back up between SV and B, letting B catch HIS breath now, and laughing about how naughty she had been. Everyone re-collected their drinks and sat up, to find the two couples in the tent now naked and going at it while having watched K and B's show. SV leaned in to K to nibble her ear, and told her "Good girl", meant to prime the pump for the next round.

There was some cordial talk after that, as K attempted to re-assemble herself and B put his pants back on. It was decided then to head back in to the lodge to refill drinks. Back at the bar, B was complimenting K on her technique, and she was thanking him for his oral skills and being able to take in most all of her squirt. About an hour had passed after the teepee, with them all at the bar, and SV asked K to dance. As they worked their way out on the dance floor, K could easily feel SV's hard cock through his pants. She asked if he liked the show, to which he confirmed "Absolutely!" They then laughed and looked over and could see B was intently watching them with a goofy, sexually charged grin. SV then said "I want to watch you fuck him downstairs". K could feel her knees get week at the command.

After a few songs, they went back to the bar. With drinks in hand and full again, SV asked how B was doing, and if he was interested in going downstairs. B answered in the affirmative, and both SV and B took K's hands and led her downstairs. 

Downstairs, there are about a dozen beds along a large, long room, 6 on each side, with drapes over the opening and a large full size bed inside. There are two curtains, one is completely solid, which means you want privacy. The other is sheer and can be seen through, which means you want to be watched, but not bothered. The other option is to leave them open, which means others can come in. However, SV and K are not in to that at all, they always leave the sheer drapes closed. In the middle of the room, between the rooms are small tables where people can sit, drink, watch, or wait for rooms to free up.

Once the three of them were in the room, they closed just the sheer drapes, and they all were able to easily undress. Everyone fully naked now, K then went up to SV and started kissing him passionately. This was incredibly arousing to her, as B has just filler her mouth and throat with his cum just an hour ago. SV was aware of this, knowing it made her hot, and just kissed her more deeply. B then slowly came up behind K and started rubbing her arms and shoulders, and kissing her neck while she was interlocked with SV. K could feel B's now hard cock again pressing against the crack of her ass. And she was now fully enveloped by two men, one passionately kissing her and rubbing her chest and pubic area, and the other licking her neck, shoulder, and rubbing his cock on her ass. 

SV then turned K around and now she was facing B. B and K started passionately kissing, while SV was now licking her shoulders, and neck, and SV knew exactly where to lick to drive K up the wall. However, she could feel SV slowly spreading her ass and running the tip of his cock around her ass and down over her pussy. She directed B to sit on the edge of the bed so she could bend over while kissing him, and she was now so wet that his cock just slide right in from behind her. While K's mouth is filled with B's tongue, her pussy is now filled with SV cock, and it feels larger than it ever has. She then felt SV's hands on the back of her head, and he was directing her mouth down to B's cock. She again took SV's cock into her mouth, and was now completely enthralled with orgasmic energy, feeling her pussy and mouth filled at the same time. 

What felt like an eternity and what she wished would last longer, SV pulled his cock out and moved to the chair in the corner of the room. K then stood up, feeling wetness rolling down her leg, and not knowing if it was SV's cum or her wetness. K took one of the condoms from the bowl in the room to put it on B's cock. While she was rolling the condom down on B's cock, SV was sitting there, admiring the view stroking his cock. She loved knowing that he was stroking her cock getting hot at what she was doing. SV also noticed a small crown of people enjoying the show as well.

K then moved to the bed and laid down on her back, propping her head up with a few pillows. B moved to get on top of her, but first went down to taste her again. This drove K crazy, as she wasn't sure if B was tasting her or SV's cum, or both. When B slid two fingers in to her pussy, she nearly screamed with delight. He then slid his third finger in, she couldn't even make a sound as she lost her breath. She came again, three of B's fingers in her pussy while his tongue caressed her lips and clit, licking all around her pussy. When she came, let out a violent gush of wetness all over B. This time though, he was not ready and it splashed all over his face and chest. SV loved this sight.

This only seems to excite him sexually, and he jumped on top of her and started to slide his huge cock inside her pussy. He started only going in halfway and she thought that was all she could take, but as she got more excited, she started grabbing his ass to pull him inside her more. As he was now deep inside her, the hilt of his cock buried all the way inside her, her eyes rolled back into her head and she turned to look at SV. She found her husband sitting in the chair, eyes intently focused on the show in front of him, and slowly stroking his cock. This sight brought her to another orgasm, knowing that she was pleasing her husband this way.

B then moved off K and she moved to get on top of him, orienting herself so that she could be on top of B while looking directly at SV sitting in the chair. She got on top of B, reached between her legs and grabbed his cock to slowly guide his huge cock inside her pussy. Once she felt the tip of his cock in the right spot, she slowly slid down the entirety of his cock in one motion. At this, SV got to again watch K's eyes roll back in to her head, and this was his favorite sight. SV then watched as K then slowly started to grind her pussy on B's cock. This was one of her favorite positions, as she could feel his cock inside her while she was grinding her clit on top of him. She was now in control of everything; how deep, how fast, she could clench her pussy and hear him groan each time she did this. 

SV then got up from the chair and moved over to the bed. He got up on top of the bed and stood next to K's face. SV moved to put his cock in to her mouth, wanting her to taste herself from earlier. Again, but differently, K now had a man in her mouth and another in her pussy. She then started stroking SV's cock with her hands in rhythm with her mouth, at the same rhythm that she was grinding her pussy on to B's cock. She had never felt more empowered and more alive than this moment here.

As SV got close to cumming, he took his cock out of her mouth and got back down off the bed. SV then moved to other side of the bed, behind K and B, where he could see B's cock going in to K's pussy. K was so wet now that B's cock was covered in her wetness and running down his balls. SV lubed up his cock and then went run his cock over K's tight asshole. She felt this and was unsure, turned around to look at SV. He assured her he would go slow and that if it was too much, to let him know. At first, he would just rub her ass with the tip of his cock, then push in just the head of his cock into her ass. Then out, and back in a little deeper each time. Eventually, she was near comatose with pleasure while B has his huge cock in her pussy and SV had his cock in her ass. At first, SV would go in when B went out, then SV would pull out when B went in. Eventually though, SV and B got in to a rhythm where SV and B were going inside and out at the same time. For the last time of the night, as SV could feel her ass clenching over and over, he knew she was going to cum and cum hard. This could also be felt by B. The feeling of two cocks inside her pussy, her pussy clenching, and their cocks pulsing, she started to almost yell out her pleasure. This brought SV and B to orgasm at nearly the same time. K could feel her husband start shooting one of the largest loads ever into her ass at the same time she can feel B's condom filling up with his cum, and over both cocks her squirt gushes out covering both cocks in her juice. 
