 "Oh god, I'm so sorry." I was still lying on the couch with Sophie the following morning when Leslie woke up from her drug induced sleep. Her shriek of surprised had woken both of us up. 

"Morning Leslie." I said trying to cover my nakedness with the blanket Sophie and I shared. 

"I'm Tommy. We met last night but you were kind of out of it." The three of us laughed. 

"Yeah I sure was. Thank you for coming to my rescue." 

"Anytime... Just well make sure getting drugged by weird guys at parties doesn't become a habit." 

"I'll keep that in mind." For the first time I noticed Leslie, really taking her in. She had dark hair and beautiful blue eyes. She had a great body as well, not as slender as Sophie's but curvier in all of the right places. She easily had a D cup and her ass was very well rounded. She noticed me looking and smiled a sly smile. Sophie interrupted my gawking by placing a kiss on my cheek. 

"Did you forget about me?" I smiled down at her and kissed her lightly on her lips.

"Never! How are you feeling?" 

"I'm starving." 

"Well how about I make some breakfast, you guys can shower and after we eat I'll take you back to your car." 

They both agreed and were off towards the bathroom while I prepared a nice breakfast for the three of us. As I was setting the table the girls came out of the bathroom together giggling. They both had cleaned up and wore their outfits from the night before since they had no other clothes. We sat down and ate. During the meal Sophie continued to smile at me and rubbing my thigh under the table. I was starting to think that she was actually starting to warm up to me as more than just her wallet. Leslie was fun and very talkative during the meal. Telling me how she had ended up drugged up and if she saw the guy again she'd stomp on his balls. After breakfast I took a quick shower got dressed and came out to find the girls talking in hushed tones and giggling.  

"What are you two laughing about over there?" Sophie came over to me and kissed me softly.

"Nothing at all, just how nice you've been to us."

"It's my pleasure. Ready to go?" We left the apartment; Sophie held my hand the whole time and even cuddled up close to me in the elevator on our way down. When we reached their car Leslie thanked me and left leaving me and Sophie alone. 

"Do you have any plans tonight Tommy?" 

"Nothing in particular." 

"Would it be okay if I came over?" She asked very nervous and unsure of herself. I was surprised that she didn't realize how taken by her I had become. 

"Of course you can. I'd love to spend more time with you. Do you want me to pick you up somewhere?" She gave me the biggest smile ever. 

"No, I'll just have Leslie drop me off." With that she gave me a long sexy kiss. "Thanks again Tommy." And with that she was gone to meet her friend. I smiled feeling pretty good about myself. Mostly because I could tell Sophie was starting to like me and not just want money or favors. There weren't any hopes for a relationship but having a sexy 18 year old girl wanting you was very good for the ego I must admit. I spent the day running errands and met up with a friend of mine from work for lunch. He told me DC was working for me. I just smiled at him knowingly and drove home. 

I got home and cleaned up my place. Since Sophie was coming by I really wanted the place to be at its best. I took another shower and as I was finishing getting dressed there was a knock at the door. I rushed over finishing putting my shirt on; I opened my door and damn near lost my mind. Sophie was there in all her glorious beauty but she was not alone. Leslie was with her. They both smiled at me brightly but what really got to me was looking down and seeing the matching cheerleader outfits they both wore. 

"Are you going to let us in?" Leslie joked. "Or are you just going to stare at us until someone else notices you have two sexy 18 year olds at your door?" 

Without a response I let them into my apartment and watched their asses in their short skirts as they sashayed their sexy hips in front of me. 

"Oh and get the bag outside for us please." 

Sophie asked. There was indeed a bag at the side of the door. I brought it in curious about what was inside. "Just some clothes for later. We can't walk around in these outfits. As much as you'd like that." I smiled and nodded. 

They each grabbed one of my hands and dragged me into the living room, pushing me back against the couch. 

"You were so sweet to come to our aid last night; we thought you deserved a special treat." Announced Leslie

"You're going to cheer for me?" 

"Yes" Replied Sophie. "And then we are going to suck and fuck your brains out." She grabbed my face in her hands leaned over and laid a hot kiss on me. Pushing her tongue into my mouth and toying around with mine. She let me go and Leslie took a turn. She was very different from Sophie, softer more delicate but still filled with just as much lust. 

Sophie put on some music from her IPhone, and her and Leslie began to dance. At first it seemed like it was part of their choreography from their squad, but as the song went on no way in hell were these moves sanctioned. They began to grind on one another, thrusting their pelvises towards me as my dick began to grow a tent in my pants. Sophie stood behind Leslie, bending her over so her ass would be against her lap. Leslie started to shake and grind her delicious ass against Sophie whose hands were holding her friends hips almost as if she was fucking her. Sophie turned her friend around and wrapped her into a hug. They both looked at me to make sure I was watching. Little did they know I hadn't blinked a single time since the performance had begun. Leslie leaned in and kissed Sophie, and just like that my blood boiled over. Seeing two sexy girls kissing for the first time in front of me was almost too much. Leslie started running her hands on Sophie's body. It seemed she and I were alike; we could not get enough of that exceptional work of art. She grabbed Sophie's breast and kissed her neck forcing her to throw her head back and moan. Leslie had a hand under Sophie's skirt and was toying around with her pussy. It wasn't hard to tell by Sophie's hip movement that started to grind against the invading fingers. Sophie grabbed Leslie's hand and pulled it out. 

"Let's not forget why we're here." Sophie said to Leslie. 

"You're right. But you're so damn sexy. Isn't she Tommy?" All I could do was clear my throat and nod. "I know you must love fucking her. That body of hers was made for sex." She said all this lifting up Sophie's skirt and showing me that she had no underwear on. "I don't have any on either. We came shaved and ready for your cock." 

They both walked towards me and both kneeled before me. Talk about a sight for sore eyes. Leslie reached for my pants buckle and snapped it open. She reached her hand inside my boxer and pulled out my hard cock. "Wow! Sophie said you had a nice cock. This is better than I had imagined. While she began to stroke and tease my dick with her hand, Sophie moved up to me and kissed me. 

"Is this okay?" She whispered to me. 

"It's great. Thank you." 

"I was worried you wouldn't be okay with this." 

"This was very sweet of you, and a little naughty. I like that." We kissed again. Leslie picked that particular moment to put my dick in her mouth and started sucked on my head softly. I began moaning into Sophie, realizing at that moment that Leslie was more than likely much more experienced. She knew all of the right places to stick her tongue, the exact amount of suction to drive me wild. I wrapped my arm around Sophie and pulled her in close, lowering the same hand and grabbing her soft ass. With the other I grabbed Leslie's head and pushed her head further down my cock. Sophie pried herself out of my grip and dropped down next to her friend. She took my dick away from her and took a turn pleasuring me. They must have exchanged notes or Sophie had been practicing, because this was the best blowjob she had given me to that point. She was slobbering all over my dick, sucking it deep and wiggling her sexy tongue all over the place. Leslie not wanting to be forgotten went underneath Sophie and started sucking on my balls. 

I was lost in what I was feeling. I threw my head back. I wanted to continue looking so I would be able to memorize all of this, but the pleasures rocking my body were too strong. The girls switched places. Leslie was sucking my head while Sophie played with my balls and licked my shaft. I laid one hand on each of their heads. Just playing and grabbing their hair when something felt particularly good. 

"So Thomas!" Leslie said pulling away from my balls. "Are you ready to fuck both of us? Can you handle it?" 

"I guess we're about to find out aren't we?" They took off my pants and boxers, pulled me up and led me towards my bedroom. We stood at the edge of my bed, Sophie was wrapped in my arms and Leslie was behind me. I was in a hot girl sandwich and loving every minute of it. They threw off their tops and my shirt and rubbed their wonderful tits all over my front and back. Sophie kissed me and Leslie would run her tongue on the back of my neck, my shoulders and back; her hands touching me everywhere and driving me crazy. They both pulled away and got on all fours on the bed. They must have practiced it because they simultaneously flipped their skirts up, honoring me with a view of their sexy asses and wet and willing pussies. 

"Go ahead Tommy, who gets that dick first." 

I didn't need any time to think I grab my dick and put it in my beautiful Sophie. She had set this up. She got first dibs. I fucked her just as hard as I did the night before. Grabbing her hips and driving into her hard and fast. She was so wet that it was easy for my dick to pound her just the way she liked. I noticed Leslie touching herself watching us; fucking her hand at the same rhythm that I fucked Sophie. I pulled out of Sophie and switched over to Leslie. She was so wet and ready there was no need to tease her. I just pushed my dick in right away and bottomed out. Her ass was fantastic. Sophie meanwhile began fingering herself waiting for me to come back to her dripping hole. I tried to focus on fucking Leslie but it was hard hearing both of them moaning and groaning on my bed. I switched back to Sophie, dead set on making her cum. I fucked her hard and deep and ran my fingers across her clit. Leslie sensing what I was trying to do flipped underneath Sophie and latched her tongue to her wonderful tits. That was all she needed to be sent over the edge. "Oh fuck, oh my fucked god you guys!! AHHHHHHHHHHH" She screamed so loud, and came so hard her body wouldn't stop shaking. 

When she finished she pulled away from me and lay down on the bed. Leslie spread her legs and beckoned me towards her. I jump between her waiting legs and sank my dick as deep into her as it would go. I lifted her legs onto my shoulders and fucked her until she screamed out my name at the top of her lungs. Sophie just watched me fuck her friend and smiled at me. I smiled softly back at her. She came towards me and kissed me. She went behind me and started pushing her pelvis against me. Helping me put more power into my thrust and fucking her friend harder. Leslie was beside herself; her head was flailing all around. Sweat was pouring off of all our bodies. "HOLY SHIT... I'M FUCKING CUMMING!! OHHHHHSHHHSHSHIITIHTIHSIHSIHTIH." 

She wasn't even making sense but it didn't matter. All that mattered at that moment was that she was cumming hard all over my dick and started squirting juices all over me and the bed. 

I pulled out of her and Sophie jumped on top of her friend. Kissing her and playing with her big tits. I was standing behind them and had Sophie's pussy pointing right at me. I grabbed her by the hips and started fucking her hard again. I was so close to cumming and felt as though it was my turn. "Cum in my mouth!" Sophie said to me. I pulled my dick out and she turned around sucking me into her mouth and pumping my dick until I pumped what felt like gallons of cum in her mouth. She didn't swallow most of it. She pulled her mouth off my dick and showed me her mouthful of cum. She went back to Leslie and kissed her and they shared and swapped my cum. It was the sexiest thing I had ever seen. 

I laid my head on the pillow, exhausted but very satisfied. Sophie came to cuddle with me. I held her tight and kissed her softly. 

"Thank you for this. It was great." 

"You're welcome. You knocked her out you know?" Leslie was passed out sleeping softly. "She's going to want you all the time now." She said seeming a little sad. 

"What's wrong?" 

"I was kind of worried about this because I thought you might like her better. She is more experienced than I am. And her breasts are bigger." I kissed her. 

"You have nothing to worry about Sophie. You are gorgeous and I'm not letting you get away anytime soon." She gave me that bright mega smile once more.

"So you're mine? All mine?" I hesitated to answer that. I didn't want her to think she had won me over so quickly. But the truth was she had. 

"For as long as you want me." She smiled and kissed me deeply again. 

"Is it okay if Leslie continues to play with us sometimes?" She asked me with her big blue eyes.

"Of course. As long as you're happy I'm good. Do you have to go back tonight?" 

"Nope we're all yours until tomorrow." 

"I guess we better enjoy the time we have."