 This one's been on the back burner for a while. I was worried it was falling apart but reading back through it, I think I can hold it together. Should just be one chapter after this.

***

Jared was putting the finishing touches on a sandwich. William was at the end of the breakfast bar sorting through a handful of mixed nuts. "Never enough macadamias," he mused. He popped an almond into his mouth.

Both men were in white cotton robes and had damp hair. Though the closed robes didn't reveal it, they were both commando and both feeling very relaxed. Jared's previous partner was busy doing damage control on her hair. William's conquest hadn't moved from her sprawled and soiled position in the animal room.

In addition to ham, swiss and brown mustard, Jared had tracked down the green olives from dinner and sliced several to layer across the sandwich.

He cut the sandwich down the middle. It hadn't really been all that long since dinner, though they'd been some fairly active hours.

Jared was completely unsurprised when a pale arm snaked under his and grabbed one of the halves. He turned to his wife and smiled as she bit off a corner. She smiled back and hummed as she chewed. "Hmmm, olives!"

He watched as she eyed the counter for a second. She placed her hand meaningfully on the edge, cocked her hip and gave him a look. Chuckling, he put his hands under her arms. She dipped and sprung and he boosted her butt up onto the granite surface.

Stacy crossed her legs and gave her robe a tug, raising her eyebrows at William as she took another bite. His face was bent around an easy smile and his curly, neck-length hair shined, black and damp. A gentle tickle of goosebumps passed through her body as she thought of how he would be sharing her boudoir sometime yet that night.

Jared kind of forgot about the sandwich as he watched his wife. She was in an emerald satin dressing gown with apparently absolutely nothing on underneath. On Helen, the gown would have been modest but it was above Stacy's knees. Her left bang hung damp over her eye.

She chewed and grinned and looked quintessentially Stacy, kicking her legs like a little kid, teasing the men with an innocent face.

Jared's thoughts were very adult though.

Fortunately, before Jared got completely swept away by his love for his wife, more revelers arrived.

Gloria came bounding up the stairs with incongruous energy. She had her hair folded in a towel up on her head but was otherwise naked as nature intended.

Stacy stared wide-eyed as the generously proportioned woman bounced into the kitchen. She pressed her abundance to her husband and pecked him on the lips. She also gave his quiescent cock a tickle through the robe.

Turning, she minced over to Jared and gave him much the same greeting, though she paused to suck on his tongue and cast a sideways glance at Stacy.

The younger woman wore a bemused grin, watching the big naked lady play with Jared. When she let go of the young man she said, "What's with all the clothes?" she asked. She leaned close to the young woman and rested a hand on the crease between her crossed thighs. "Been having fun little girl?"

Stacy nodded. She fought the urge to spread her legs. Gloria's hand was subtly trying to worm it's way up...

Grinning wider, Stacy stopped resisting and uncrossed her legs. "I'm having lots of fun," she said.

Gloria chuckled and ran her hand all the way up Stacy's smooth, pale thigh. Her fingers found the folds of the girl's sex and chuckled again, deeply. Stacy watched her soft tits shake and moaned as Glory wiggled a couple fingers between her dew petals.

She withdrew her hand and returned to Jared. "It's true, I can tell. Your slut wife is having a fucking blast." She pressed her glistening hand to his lips and he sucked gently on them. Stacy watched his eyes close and he grabbed a big chunk of Gloria's ample tit flesh and squeezed hard. Tracy's own breast throbbed in sympathetic need.

"Let me in on a piece of that," came another voice from the hallway. Felicity swept in and tried to get a piece of everything at once. She palmed a surprised Stacy's pert, though clothed, breast with one hand while grabbing Jared's head with the other. She pulled him down to her mouth and grappled his tongue away from Gloria's fingers.

Stacy had gone well beyond bemused now. She was beginning to get the idea that Felicity and Gloria were very good friends. And not just because Felicity was also wearing nothing but a she-turban.

Gloria slid smoothly behind Felicity and pressed close, sandwiching the slightly slimmer woman between herself and Jared. Her hand went down the back of the lawyer's ass. Stacy couldn't see everything from her perch on the counter but the big woman must have slid a few digits into Elle's pussy. She moaned into Jared's mouth and her hand that was still on Stacy's chest clawed at her satin-covered nipple.

Felicity was starting to grind on Jared's thigh when Helen shouted, "Jesus Christ, you two. Heel! Down girls! Do I need to turn the hose on you?" There was a snap to her voice that commanded respect, even in such an... informal situation.

George, Frank and Helen looked on with varying levels of surprise... which is to say, Frank was entirely unsurprised, Helen was slightly pissed off and George was a little wide-eyed.

"I'm serious, back off." The little woman said with slightly less sharpness.

The women disentangled grumpily. Stacy and Jared pulled their robes straight. Jared needed an extra shake to get his stiffening cock angled more comfortably. Momentarily, Stacy looked down into the sink with a pout. She'd dropped her sandwich.

Helen gave them all stern looks. She rolled her eyes at William's innocent posture. After a moment she said, "Bethany's staying in her boudoir for now. She's... resting." She didn't really have to look around to know who was missing but she did so anyway. "Where's Trey?"

Both Jared and Gloria were opening their mouths to answer when the gym-rat answered for himself from halfway down the stairs. "Coming," he said in an even voice. No one chose to interpret the word as a pun.

With Elle and Glory bouncing around and rubbing against anyone they took a fancy to, the atmosphere eventually found a comfortable camaraderie. Sandwiches and beers and sodas were passed around and chips were dipped. With the amount of bodily fluid being exchanged that night, no one batted an eye at the occasional double-dip.

Before long, conversation died down and little groping games picked up. Stacy was still on the counter. Jared was leaning with his back to her between her legs. She had her arms around him and her chin on his shoulder. He felt her soft tits near his shoulder blades.

Helen slid up to the couple. She gave Jared a hungry look but her lips went first to Stacey's, pinning the man between two rapidly heating women. Helen's hands were both in Jared's robe, giggling as she felt new life there.

Felicity had settled against William. He had one hand teasing her nipples and the other was behind her, teasing the sensitive skin between her two holes. Everything down there was slick from her freely flowing arousal.

Gloria had George in a kitchen chair, straddling a knee while his mouth lavished her big naked tits with attention. The whole room could hear her pussy squishing along his thigh.

Frank sipped a cocktail, watching and listening. Trey was stymied, not sure where he would be welcome.

Helen gave Jared a good squeeze and moved her mouth to his for a quick but wet kiss. "You're mine next, lover-boy," she said. She gave Stacy a teasing glance and tugged the girl's husband away. She spun him around, slapped his ass then prodded him in the direction of the basement. "Be ready for me."

With a wave to his wife, Jared disappeared down the stairs. Helen looked around. "Huh. I see you managed to find your next partners on your own. Gloria, Elle, take your prizes to bed."

Gloria eagerly tugged George down the hall. When Elle tugged her friend William the same direction, he held back a moment. He pulled away and gave her tits a meaningful squeeze. "Go ahead. There's some things I want from the dungeon."

Grinning with anticipation, Felicity bounced away down the hall and William slipped down the stairs.

"Frank," said Helen, "Beth asked for you by name. She wants to be used. She wants her pussy to get wrecked. I know you won't disappoint us in that regard."

Frank raised his eyebrows and turned silently to amble down the hallway to the animal room.

William came back up the stairs. He was carrying a laundry basket full of ropes and straps. There was a look of childish joy on his face. "It's been way too long since I did this." He hustled away down the hallway.

Helen chuckled as she watched him go. She gave Trey a look that Stacy couldn't translate. "Billy knows how to have fun." The little surgeon headed down the stairs. "Get to it, you two. The night's barely half over."

****

Gloria hustled George into her boudoir and shut the door. Her bouncing energy made George laugh. She swiftly covered that laugher with a deep kiss, standing on her toes as she pulled his head down to hers.

The laugh deepened into a warm chuckle. And then a moan when her fingers took hold of his manhood. Georg's hands went to the big woman's tits. He marveled at her soft skin and the mass of the things. The nipples crinkled up tight as her tongue spooned with his.

He throbbed in her hand.

She released his mouth and they both gasped. "Oh good, your big, hot thing feels like it's just about ready to grow." He wasn't very firm down there yet but he was filling her hand nicely. "I want to feel it grow in my mouth." She said, urging him into the middle of the bed. She stripped his boxers down his legs at the same time.

He got settled on his back just in time to watch her crawl after him predatorily. Her breasts hung heavy and inviting.

She was watching his waking cock rolling around heavily on his stomach. Her mouth salivated. His balls hung between his legs, equally inviting in her overly aroused state.

She began there, prodding his legs wider apart with her head as she tongued and sucked his balls. He groaned and rocked his head when she engulfed his entire testicle-laden scrotum in her mouth and massaged them.

But she really did want to feel the life pump into the young man's cock. She released his balls and swept her wide tongue slowly up his thickening shaft. If not for the active night he'd had, he would have already been to the bursting point by now. Gloria knew she was going to have fun with the lanky stud. She could feel in his body that he still had a lot to give.

She swallowed him whole and ran her fingers along her own slit as he pulsed and swelled in her mouth. She began to anticipate a nice long ride on George Tomlinson and many happy orgasms.

*****

Trey was in turmoil. Angry and horny was a confusing place to be. The way the little doctor bitch had treated him... he just didn't understand it.

Women weren't supposed to be like that. So ... domineering. So lacking in respect for his obvious greatness.

Felicity had been abrupt with him more than once. And sometimes she seemed bored with him. But no one had just treated him like a failure the way the Pollard bitch had.

If she hadn't screwed his brains out repeatedly, he certainly wouldn't have put up with it.

Now he had the little blue drug buzzing in his system. It worked well. He was hard and ready. But still angry.

The soft-looking younger one was leading him to the master bedroom. At least she had a decent, womanly shape. She was letting her ass sway very nicely under the short robe.

As Stacy passed through the door to the bedroom, she pulled the robe's belt loose. A moment later it dropped from her shoulders. She left it pooled on the floor behind her. Trey watched the rocking heart shape of her pale ass as she strolled across the room. The drug had him ready but it was real nice to have the visual stimulation to bring his brain in line with his dick.

"Trey," Stacy said as bent to open the drawer of a nightstand, "I'm really happy you came tonight." She looked at a couple bottles, scanning their labels before selecting one. "I've always wanted to be with a man that takes care of himself as well as you do."

She turned to face him. His heart skipped a beat. Damn, she had a nice little set of tits. High and firm, just large enough to show a hint of weight and movement. She cocked a hip and smirked at him. Belatedly, his eyes rose to her face.

A lock of brown hair hung over one eye. It seemed to tug the corner of her mouth into a smirk.

She held his gaze and approached. She popped the bottle open and squeezed some oil into her palm. "I hope you don't mind if I get a good feel of what real muscles are like."

She rubbed her hands together to spread the oil and then grabbed both his pecks like a lecher at a strip club. "Damn. They're harder than a stiff cock!" Then she laughed at her own joke and glanced down at his tented shorts. "Don't worry, I'll get a really, really good feel of that muscle up my slick little pussy real soon." She spread the oil around, up to his shoulders and edging down to his abs.

He reached for her, longing to feel her curves and she nudged his hand away. "Nu-uh. You get that in a bit too. I want to focus on your perfect body first." She got more oil on her hands and ran her fingers down his abs. She wasn't timid; she really wanted to feel the firm strength of him. "Oh god, a real six-pack. I could definitely get used to this."

She kind of liked having him stand there for her. Everything was in the proper alignment and his muscles were working just a little bit to keep him upright.

She spent quite a while on his abs. She was being sincere in every word, though none of it had anything to do with how she felt about her own husband or anyone else. Trey was an interesting object to explore. A novel experience.

She felt him tremble while she squeezed and massaged his long thighs. He relaxed just a bit when she circled behind him to make his rippling back shine like a bodybuilder's. Which to be honest, Trey was not. He was an average gym rat. But still more cut and firm than anything Stacy had been with before. (Variations on lean or bony didn't count.)

She was still behind him when she slid his shorts off. She gave his very firm and compact ass the same treatment she'd given his pecks, taking a moment to rub her hard nipples against his back as she did. "Okay, big boy, I bet you're really ready to fuck me now. I hope you work on your cardio as hard as you work on this delicious muscle-mass."

She slowly came around to his front, her hand trailing along his waist. It continued all the way out along his upturned shaft. She left a single finger resting on his engorged helmet, feeling her own sex drip as his throbbed under her touch.

"Thank you for sharing your body with me, dreamboat." She raised her arms to his neck and lifted a leg in invitation. He put his arms out for her and she hopped lightly up into his embrace. She could feel his cock pressed between his hard lower stomach and her mons. "Now you can play with mine."

"Yeah. Now I fuck your dripping cunt inside out." He hiked the girl up and his drug-fueled cock homed in on her wet slit. He let her drop back down, crashing her bush into his.

Stacy hissed and pressed her forehead hard against his chin. She whispered harshly, "Fuck yeah you're going to. Fuck me hollow, beefcake."

***

Frank let the door to the animal room close and just stared. The skinny, milk-pale woman looked dead. He had to stop himself from rushing to check her pulse. Instead, he asked, "Beth? You okay?"

Well, she was certainly alive. Her toes curled at the sound of his voice. "Oh, Frank," she sighed. "I'm so glad you're here. I feel so empty."

He took a couple steps closer and let his dressing gown drop. "I can see that. Helen told me to wreck your pussy but it looks like someone beat me to it."

Her legs shifted slowly, spreading a little more for him. "Are you staring at my cunt, Frank?"

"Yes. You look so... used."

Bethany could hear the quiet heat in his voice. He was aroused. The big swinger was staring at her body and he wanted her. Her toes curled again and her hands gripped the head of the mattress. "I'm here to be used." She spread her legs wider still. "I'm just a hot, wet hole for you to fuck."

Even with the swollen state of her labia, Frank could see the darkness of her inner chamber gaping at him. The shower with Helen and Stacy had been a nice respite as had snack-time. Frank was slowing down a bit with his years but his cock was throbbing now. Growing.

He bent over the foot of the bed and gripped her thighs. Beth tossed her head but her face remained buried in the bed. He forced her legs wider, pushing her into a gentle splits.

Her beaten but eager sex yawned wider. Beth yelped "OOhh!" when he yanked her down the bed. She shuddered and squirmed when she felt the heat and weight of his urgency batter against her buttocks. "Holy shit, how big are you?" She cried.

Frank chuckled. "You want to see it first or should I just go ahead and split you open now?"

Beth hunched her hips at him. "Oh jeeze, split me open. Wreck me, damn it! Fuck me no...OOWWWWw."

Frank had yanked her skinny body onto his nine inches of thick need before she was done asking for it.

Bethany Tomlinson got used and wrecked just the way she craved. Offering herself to the lust of others was her greatest self-indulgence and she wallowed in it with her cunt creaming all over the biggest cock she'd ever had.

***

In the basement, Helen found Jared already disrobed. She smirked and dropped her own. She paced steadily across the room directly toward him, her eyes predatory. Somehow, when her body struck his she left her feet and slithered up his body.

The lean, taut woman had her legs wrapped around his waist in the blink of an eye without any active participation from Jared. And her tongue was down his throat and it felt like half way to his navel before any of it really registered on him.

He had to take a small step back to retain his balance. Belatedly, his hands clasped the hard panes of her ass and he sucked on her tongue. Jared could feel the surgeon's waxed clam wet against his lower stomach.

He cinched her in closer, one arm sliding up her back, finding her shoulder blade to brace against. He pressed his tongue against hers, pushing the oral tango back to the other end of the dance floor.

She gave his tongue a fond, parting suck and released his mouth. He gathered some air and said, "Well, hello there."

"Hmmm, hello yourself," she hummed. She relaxed her hold a bit and slid down far enough to feel his semi-hard tool under groin. "Last time we met, it was kind of all about your wife. We haven't had much time together."

"Yeah, I've been looking forward to this. Wondering just what you'd do when you got your hands on me."

Helen just gave him an evil look and ran her wet V out and down along his stiffening member. And then back in against his body, grinding down hard on top of his root. He could feel her not-so-little clit poking his abdomen.

"I figured a good, rough throat fuck to start things off and then put me in the swing to fuck all my holes like a pinata."

Jared's laugh sounded almost nervous. "I don't think you understand the point of a pinata."

Helen tossed her head, "Or whatever." She leaned back at arm's length, leg's still wrapped tightly around the younger man. "But I guess there's some hostessing and elder degenerate duties I should cover first."

Jared had never been able to raise a single eyebrow but his expressing was quizzical enough. Helen leaned in and rested her head on his shoulder. "How's wife-ee really doing with all this? She seems fine to me but needless to say, you know her better."
