 Most of the gang gathered in the kitchen again, now rather less put together. Save for Felicity Harrow, all were nude and none had showered. The lawyer was also nude in fact, if one ignored the ropes still binding her breasts, the cuffs linking her wrists across her back and the butt plug William had inserted to hold in his load.

Quickly, the air grew dense with the aroma of bodies and sex.

Helen raised her voice. "Ok, we're missing someone. Beth, we know, is down for the count." She gave Stacy a look. "Where's Trey?"

Surrounded by half-hard cocks, matted beavers and jiggling breasts, Stacy took a moment to understand the question. "Last I saw him he was peaking in rooms like I was. We'd kinda finished early I guess." She trailed off.

A search of sorts began but lasted less than a minute. Frank called from the living room, "Elle, it looks like your car's gone."

Muttering curses, Felicity checked through her purse. Her keys were missing. "Well shit, he must have left and driven home." She looked at the re-assembling group. "Did something happen?"

Again, Stacy became the focus of the question. "No. We had a good fuck and then, like I said, were watching some of you other guys."

Helen made a vaguely exasperated noise. "You know, I was pretty hard on him but screw it. Elle, you were right; he's got no passion and doesn't respond well to challenges."

Stacy spoke into the pregnant pause. "Uh... what happened?"

Helen waved her question away. "Honey, just be glad I had some chemical assistance for him or your round would have been about as much fun as a game of checkers."

Nonplused, Stacy was silent as Helen continued, making a show of unnecessarily counting heads. "Time to mix things up. Billy-boy, take candy-tits back to her room and work your magic."

William collected the Lancaster woman with a guiding hand on her ass while Helen continued. "Jared, I got a treat for you. I plan to be greedy and have Frank on hand to help George tear me up properly. That means Elle and Glo are going to share you." This brought a squeal of delight from both ladies. The bound woman casually unsnapped the two handcuffs and dropped them theatrically. Then they had the Lancaster man wrapped in a slut-sandwich in the blink of an eye. "Don't worry, those two know how to work together. You'll all be unable to move by morning."

As Bill led her down the hall, Stacy's eyes lingered on her man. The curvaceous women clung to him like schoolgirls and he had a delirious smile on his face.

Damn it, now she really wanted to watch!

Instead, she let William guide her back down the hall to the master bedroom. The room where she had already been well fucked by three men, none of them her husband.

Exhilarating emotions and sensations were coursing through her body. Stacy Lancaster wasn't a slut or a nympho. Not in her day-to-day life. She probably thought of sex no more often than the average woman. But the way her body reacted to actually being fucked and pleasured wasn't typical. When aroused, her sex drive turned into something bottomless and demanding.

Now, after three or four hours of constant sex and with the knowledge that it wasn't over yet, she could feel an intense energy in her body. It wasn't a completely foreign sensation. The wonder of her husband was that he could just about keep up with her demands in bed. She'd felt this general level of satisfaction from their occasional weekend marathons of sex and food and sleep.

But the added novelty of multiple men and the knowledge of similar action playing out in the rooms around them was stoking her lust with entirely new kinds of fuel. It felt like a constant, low-level surge of adrenalin.

She swept her eyes up and down William. Mid-forties, probably slightly shorter than her, he was stocky and hairy. But he didn't have much of a belly and his long black hair and wide facial features struck her as very sensual. Also, he moved with a smooth confidence. Even from his casual touches as he guided her down the hall, she could feel his male power. It gave her a better understanding of the word machismo.

He pussy went just a little slicker as she watched his half-hard cock sway as they walked. He was big. Very thick. Not quite as big as Frank but on Bill's shorter frame, it made quite an impression.

"You have such sweet curves, little pet," Bill murmured. The hand that played shepherd to her ass glided along the crease between thigh and buttock. As they passed through the doorway into the bedroom, his other hand slid up her stomach and danced lightly across her breasts.

Stacy shivered. She breathed in deeply, her chest rising while at the same time the tips of her breast plumped and tightened.

"Oh, wow," Billy whispered reverently, his eye growing almost as much as the woman's nipples. He teased her tips again.

William's hands were broad and blunt but he was anything but clumsy. His swarthy complexion contrasted strongly with Stacy's and both were mesmerized by the interplay of masculinity and femininity.

They drifted across the room, drawn inexorably toward the bed. Before reaching it, William ducked down to capture a tit with his lips.

Stacy swooned as he engulfed her soft treasure in his mouth. As he followed her fall onto the bed, his other hand cupped her labia and mons possessively. "Let me feed on all of you!" he urged before sealing his lush lips on her other breast and lavishing it with his tongue.

Stacy didn't answer. She just ran her hands through his long black hair and let the sensations take control.

*****

The distance from the Pollard kitchen to Felicity's assigned boudoir was not far but the journey was very eventful for Jared. The two women practically carried him between them, each with a hand on his hardening member and another groping some other part of his body.

Gloria, whom he'd already been with that night, was so soft and lush and enthusiastic. Felicity, who he'd never actually met before, was a stunning beauty of the matronly persuasion with something slightly hard about her. The fact that her breasts were swollen tightly, still trussed like a roast certainly added to that sense.

Gloria seemed especially excited though, hopping up and down (causing Jared's eyes to lock on her massive, free-flying tits) and pulling them both along to the bed, one hand on Jared's firm meat, the other on Felicity's bindings. "Get in the doggie position. I gotta see something." Obediently, the lawyer crawled onto the bed, her movements slow like honey. She gave a Jared a slow, knowing smile.

"Come on," Gloria said as she urged Jared onto the bed behind the other woman. She joined them, kneeling beside the spot where their bodies would connect. "Oh god," she said. "We're going to have so much fun."

Jared's eyes darted from Gloria's heavy breasts to Felicity's perfect ass and back again. Gloria caressed the smooth, flawless flesh of her friend's heart-shaped posterior. He watched as she teased the ring of flesh hugging the butt plug. "So was I right, slut? Did my hubby-boy leave something from himself in your greedy ass?"

The perfectly curved lawyer lowered her head and raised her ass. Her toes wiggled as she thought about it. "Oh yes. I can still feel his hot load. God, can that man fuck."

Both women chuckled, sharing unspoken memories of William. Elle's turned to a low moan as her friend pulled on the buttplug. Jared and Gloria watched the lawyer's pucker bulge and spread. Her moan rose as Jared's eyes widened along with her anus. It was a thick toy and her flesh strained as the widest part finally slipped free.

She was left gaping open, dripping with another man's cum.

Gloria glanced at Lancaster. "Honey, when you slide your gorgeous mushroom into Billy's cream-pie, I want you to think about what he's probably doing to your little wife right this moment."

*****

Stacy was going out of her mind. The buzz of sexual energy she'd been experiencing before was now a staggering roar of Niagric proportions. She was on her back, one leg still dangling off the edge of the bed. Head back, arms all over the place as she tried to stay inside her skin.

All from what William McCoy was doing to her little chest.

It had been just ten minutes but Stacy had never experienced that much constant stimulation to her tits. His mouth hadn't left them in all that time. He'd lick the underside of one and then gently pinch the nipple of the other between his teeth. He'd breathe across her entire chest, lush lips barely touching her, soft as angel wings. Then he'd capture one B-cup entirely and suck on her hard, tongue rapidly flicking her distended tips.

It went on and on. Where his wonderful mouth wasn't, his broad, calloused but often tender hands would be kneading, tickling and brushing.

She'd lost the ability to speak. She was cross-eyed with lust but couldn't focus her need. Little fuck-bunny Stacy, always eager to get a dick stuck in her was far too into what Will was doing to her chest to give any thought to her pussy.

And indeed, the swarthy swinger had not laid a finger anywhere below her navel.

Yet.

Being so swept away, Stacy wasn't even aware of her surroundings or what he may be doing outside of turning her tits into pleasure novas. So she didn't notice when he shifted his body between her legs. She didn't even notice when he coaxed them a little wider.

Stacy was hyperventilating. She wanted to say something. To beg the man to... what? Stop? No, never. But she was losing her mind to such an extent she couldn't put her needs into words or even coherent thoughts.

All that ended when William forced his manhood into her soaking cunt. He pushed into her in one firm, irresistible move, at the same time sucking her left tit entirely into his mouth and twisting her other nipple.

Stacey screamed as she came. An ear-piercing, inhuman sound that could be pleasure or terror. It went on and on, up and down the scales. She raked his back with her fingers and arched her hips against his, instinctively seeking every thick inch she could get as her pussy gushed and her tits burned like ice.

William rode out her climax with a firm grip on all the relevant parts of her anatomy and his cock pulsing against the spasms of her sheath.

And when she went limp, he pulled out and looked at his handy-work. He stroked himself with pride as she panted, flat on her back, spent from a single orgasm.

*****

Felicity's ass had taken Jared's cock with zero resistance but now felt so tight around him. He fucked her slowly, focusing on the pure pleasure of the sensation. The smooth swell of her cheeks under his hands swayed and pressed at a similar pace.

Gloria had a hand on his ass, feeling the play of his muscles as he made love to her friend's tush. Her other hand was teasing her own clit. "Pull out a sec," she whispered. "I want to see it again.

Jared withdrew slowly, savoring every second. He felt the lawyer relax her hold as he emerged and she let herself gaping open again. "Ffffuck." he sighed. With Gloria, he stared at his tightly swollen cock and Elle's yawning chute.

Just then, from somewhere in the house came a wale. Jared recognized it immediately as his wife experiencing a nova-class orgasm. His heart tripped and blood surged through his body. His cock jumped and, impossibly, swelled to new proportions.

With the shriek still reverberating, Jared's grip tightened and he rammed himself back into the titty-bound swinger. "Jesus fuck! Take it, whore! Cum all over my fucking cock!"

*****

Helen's head was pounding and felt twice it's regular size.

She dangled upside down, knocking back and forth between two tall male bodies like a bell clapper. Frank and George were holding her high between them by her thighs and hips.

Her husband's tireless and shameless tongue was deep in her welcoming ass and the younger man had his entire face wedged between her petals. His chin jousted with her clit.

Mixed juices had begun to trickle down her stomach and back as her holes wept with joy.

George's hard, upstanding cock kept bumping her brow. She was too short to reach it with her mouth.

She was between orgasm when they heard the scream. "I think that's Stacey," Frank said into his wife's ass.

"Ohhh, Billy's playing games with her," Helen sighed, the pressure in her head making her voice sound a little nasal. She spit on George's plumb and jerked him firmly. "Damn it, turn me over, I need this fucking cock inside me!"

With brief eye contact over the swinger's groin, the two tall men knew exactly what they wanted to do with the crazy slut.

They turned her in unison, swinging her head up between their own... and then continued to turn her. "Hey!" she yelped as her head swung between their navels again and continued upward.

180. 360. 540. 720.

"Very funny," Helen said, apparently not amused at all.

Then men gave her a good ten spins before bringing her to a halt in her requestion position.

"Woah... wow. Assholes." She griped, both dizzy and light-headed. The extra blood drained from her head and her vision started to go a bit grey.

Still standing and with Frank lending support from her back, George positioned the little sex addict and sank her down onto his rigid pole.

"Oooohh...wow." Helen's head lolled and she just about passed out. In the back of her mind, she made a note to experiment with hanging upside more often. It appeared to offer a few possibilities.

Mad surgeon planted firmly on his cock, George moved to a massage table he'd noticed in one corner of the basement. He lowered Helen's shoulders and upper back onto the padded surface and held her legs very wide apart.

The swinger's little tits were approximately the size of his own wife's but there the similarity ended. Beth's pale little swells were pert, with tight little pointed nipples.

Helen's yolk-sized breasts nevertheless had some looseness to them. They shook around and dangled like well-used hacky sacks. Each time Geroge impacted her groin, they jumped like googly eyes. He was determined to keep them jumping till the hot bitch begged him to stop.

He had no idea who he was dealing with though.

*****

While Mrs. Lancaster drifted through the afterglow of her most powerful orgasm of the night, William found some massage oil. His hard cock twitched when he noticed her fingers toying with her pussy lips. The girl was definitely still horny.

Good, so was Billy. He was deliberately pacing himself and focusing on her pleasure but it was taking some effort to resist the urge to just blow a big load in her.

He rolled her to the middle of the bed, onto her stomach. "What are you going to do to me now, stud?" she asked in a low voice, Her pale round ass rocked invitingly.

He knelt low, ass between his own feet. He pulled her into his lap by her hips. Her legs spread easily and she could feel his thick cock slide along her slit and bump her slightly hanging stomach. "Oooh, god, you're so hard."

"And you're so wet," he responded. He could feel her secretions dripping around his rod. "How convenient."

With a firm hand at the small of her back. He guided her forward far enough to let his cock slip up into her. Then he slowly pulled her back until their groins connect and his balls we bunched up under her mound.

Stacy shuddered. "Fuck that's good." Billy closed his eyes and took several slow breaths. God, this babe was tight and hot.

"Shhhh. Don't talk. Just concentrate on everything you feel."

Embraced by her hot sex, William warmed some oil in his hands and began to spread it across her back and ass. His hands were firm, skillfully manipulating her muscles.

"Oh wow. That's amazing. I can't tell if I'm going to climax or fall asleep."

He pinched one cheek hard. "Shh. I said no talking."

*****

Jared pulled himself out of Elle's ass, trying to regain control. Hearing his wife's orgasmic scream from out of nowhere like that had tripped all his circuits. The only reason he hadn't dumped his load in with William's was the number of times he'd already cum that night.

Gloria was still right there next to them. Cooing, she pushed the butt plug back into her friend. "Just like a bookmark. You can come back to her slut ass later.

"Give me one second," the big woman said and she rolled off the bed and jiggled out of the room. Jared wiped perspiration out of his eyes and panted. Uncousouly, he learned on Felicity's upturned ass as he rested.

The lawyer chuckled deeply. "I hope I get a chance to play with your little wife some time. She sounds like a blast."

Jared didn't have a response and in a blink, Gloria was back with a basin and some towels. She cleaned his cock with a warm washrag and even wiped and dried the lawyer's ass and thighs.

As soon as she set the wash things aside, her demeanor abruptly changed. "Now, you two are fucking hot and I need to get that cock in me." She shoved Jared over onto his back and spun gracefully, straddling him facing his feet.

His stiff cock was wedged along her crease but before she mounted him properly, she hauled on Felicity's bindings and urged the other woman between their legs.

"Now you're both going to treat me real good, aren't you?" She hitched her hips and pressed Jared into her hungry hole.

Gloria felt so good around him. Snug but much softer feeling than Felicity's ass. Jard snorted, "Oh, fuck yeah."

The big broad grabbed her girlfriend's hair and pulled her face into their joined sexes. "I said both of you."

Jared felt Elle lick his length as he withdrew. He wrapped his arms around Gloria and sank his fingers into her soft tits.

Gloria started to climax as soon as the other woman began to tongue her clit.

*****

Stacy felt like a puddle of pudding. She had no sense of time but William had been kneading her body like dough for approximately four point two eternities. She didn't have an active muscle or synapse in her entire body. In the time since he had begun the message (far too trivial a word for what she was feeling, really) she had not orgasmed once.

Which was doubly strange because she could still vividly feel his hot, pulsing, coke-can of a cock wedged deep inside her.

Why she wasn't bouncing off the walls with the need to cum would have puzzled her if she were actually capable of having thoughts. She normally went directly from twenty seconds of foreplay or teasing to full bore fucking. She hated to be aroused but waiting.

But under Billy's magic hands, her lust was just simmering in such a delicious way she didn't care. Much.

*****

George felt like he was running out of time. He'd been brutally plowing little Helen for better than twenty minutes (thank you youth and repeated previous orgasms) and she was just taking it like a machine, shooting off climax after climax every couple minutes.

She was barely touching the message table now. The tall blond had his hands hooked into the back of her waist. She, in turn, was now hunched up, gripping his forearms. Her crunching abdomen was increasing the unreal pressure on his cock.

Tendons in her arms, legs and neck stood out and at least four abbs were clearly defined.

He wasn't staring at her little tits anymore. Their eyes were locked now. He hoped his gaze was intense and not as intimidated as he felt.

Helen's eyes were hard steel. And her mouth was a gutter full of filth. "Jesus, fuck YES! Beat that nasty pussy! Harder, god damn it. Treat me like a used up whore! Fuck me till my pathetic little tits fall off!"

George was beginning to worry about how she would react when basic biology forced him to stop.

He hadn't noticed Frank's presence for a while but the crazy bitch's husband came around the table and stood near her head. "Son," he began, gazing with feigned boredom at their performance, "You see, when her beast starts getting wild like this, sometimes you need to be a little rough with her."
