 "It's time to have a party," Doris said to Jeff. They were a well-matched pair of tall, blue-eyed blondes in their late 30s.

"Sure, you make the arrangements, and I'll go along with whatever you plan."

"I was thinking we could invite Lola and Fred, the new couple who just moved in down the street. She said she has never swapped, but Fred told her about the swap club he and his ex belonged to when they lived in Centerville. She was willing to try it."

"How many couples were you thinking of having?" Jeff asked. 

"Three other couples. Eight people make an easy number for an evening. With four bedrooms we can accommodate everyone when the action gets hot."

"Ok, I'll lay in the booze and mixers. Serve yourself bar?"

"Yes, and I'll have Hogarth's make up a couple of party trays."

"Sounds like a party!"

***

Actually Lola wasn't sure how she would feel about Fred having sex with another woman, or how she would feel about having sex with someone she wasn't in love with. Her ex had plenty of girl friends that he thought she didn't know about -- the reason their marriage broke up -- but he wouldn't have liked the idea of her having a boyfriend. She had never had sex with anyone she wasn't in love with . . . or thought she was in love with. Ever since high school she had been in love with one guy or another and always thought her current crush was THE ONE until the next hunk came along. She was an athletic brunette with a spectacular figure who had never lacked for boyfriends. Her sister Patty teased her that she was serially faithful . . . SO. Now she was planning to screw someone just for the sake of sex. Tall, dark and handsome, Fred was a good lover, but they were both getting a little bored. She wondered what to wear and decided to call Doris. 

"Wear something sexy, but be sure to wear panties. Guys love to take them off." Spike heels are sexy, and so is a bustier under a sheer blouse. Just wear what you think will get you laid," Doris laughed. 

***

The night of the party Jeff met them at the door and looked appreciatively at Lola's trim legs and toned body. Her breasts were firm, so she had skipped the bustier in favor of a low-cut blouse that made it obvious she wasn't wearing anything under it. Jeff directed Fred to the bar and introduced Lola to the others. Lola sat on the sofa next to a plump couple named George and Pam. George had an arm around his wife and was toying with her ample breast through her blouse. He welcomed Lola by doing the same thing to her. To her surprise Lola felt moisture begin between her legs even though pudgy George with his thick glasses didn't especially appeal to her. Jeff brought their drinks, raised an eyebrow at George's hand on his wife's breast and sat down next to Lola. 

Erotic music was playing softly in the background, and lighted candles burned here and there about the room. 

"Let's get this party started," announced Jeff. "Ladies, sit on the lap of the nearest guy on your right. Guys, give that lady on your lap some lovin' and see how far you can get in five minutes." He set the timer, and called "Start." He sat down and pulled Teri onto his lap.

The music changed to a faster beat.

Lola scooted over and sat on George's lap. He kissed her as he slipped his hand inside her low-cut blouse and cupped a breast. He pulled the fabric away from one breast and began licking the nipple. Lola couldn't help looking around the room for Fred and saw that Doris had ignored her own advice about wearing panties. Fred was a very fast worker because now Doris instead of Fred was sitting on the chair with her legs spread wide and her skirt up above her belly. No panties for her were anywhere in sight. Fred was kneeling in front of her giving her oral. Lola stifled a pang of jealousy - she knew from experience that Fred gave very good oral. She tentatively reached for George's cock. He helped her release it from his pants and moved his mouth to her other breast while he turned his attention to her thong. He played with it for a while, smoothing it into her crack and pulling her pussy lips together around it as he pinched them. He pushed her thong aside and stuck a couple of fingers in her pussy. Just as George's cock was getting hard from Lola's stroking the timer went off. There were groans of frustration around the room, but Jeff was insistent. "Ladies, again move to the lap of the gentlemen on your right. Gentlemen, resume whatever you were doing with your former partner." Jeff set the timer for another five minutes and exchanged Teri for Pam.

This time Lola was paired with Jules, Teri's husband. He and his wife were a slim, dignified couple several years older than the rest of the group. Teri was with Fred this time and getting oral. Her panties were on the floor beside Fred's knees. Jules had moved fast with Pam and the big hard-on he had been pleasuring her with still jutted rigidly outside his pants. His hair was graying, but if there was snow on the mountain there was plenty of fire in the furnace. He nudged Lola's legs apart and set her down astride him. He massaged her breasts and rubbed his cock around inside her lips. As soon as he detected enough moisture he began edging his bulb into her pussy. The timer went off all too soon, and Lola wondered if Jeff was shorting them on time. 

Jeff was her next partner, and he had managed to get the breasts of Pam and Teri, his two previous partners, completely exposed. Pam sat with her blouse open and her bra pulled down so that it still offered some support for her heavy breasts. Teri's blouse was likewise completely unbuttoned. Her small breasts were bared and her bra was on the chair beside her. Jeff slipped his left arm around Pam and cupped her left breast through the thin fabric of her blouse while he skillfully undid the buttons with his right hand and liberated both breasts. "Nice. I hate when a bra gets in the way. Mmm, best-looking knockers in the room," he whispered as he pulled her left breast outside her blouse and gently hefted it. He massaged both and pushed them together, openly admiring them. Lola was surprised at how aroused she was at having her bare breasts publicly exposed and was glad she had decided not to wear a bra. She knew there was no point in looking to see if Fred noticed, because he was sure to have his face buried up to his ears in Pam's cunt. She looked anyway, and he was eating Pam's pussy while his hands reached up and squeezed her bare breasts. Jeff spent the remaining time suckling Lola's nipples and finger fucking her pussy.

The timer rang again, and Jeff said, "Now that everybody's warmed up let's draw lots to choose who we spend the next 30 minutes with." He passed out playing cards from the ace to the four of hearts to the women. He held out another stack of cards face down that included the ace to the four of spades and offered them to the men who each drew one. "There are four bedrooms upstairs, with a diamond taped to each door. Ladies, go upstairs and enter the room with the same number as the card you are holding. There are blindfolds on the bedside tables. You are to put them on and wait for your mystery lover. . . Wenches, prepare to be boarded!" After the women left he gave further instructions to the men, "If you enter a room occupied by your partner, swap with the guy next door. Toys are laid out on the table in the upstairs hall." 

The music changed to a gentler, romantic beat that suggested slow stroking and thrusting.

Lola looked at the two of hearts in her hand and found the room that was marked by the two of diamonds. She entered the room and put on the blindfold. She cupped her bare breasts and wondered if she should button her blouse or take it off. Or should she take off her panties . . . then she remembered Doris saying the guys enjoyed taking them off. She was ragingly horny from foreplay by three different men and was surprised at how much she was enjoying being fondled by men she wasn't "in love with" and how eagerly she was looking forward to being screwed by a relative stranger she wouldn't be able to see. The thought caused more moisture to collect between her legs. She lay back against the pillows, bent her knees and spread her legs. Then she thought better of it, straightened her legs and crossed her ankles. She asked herself, "What does it matter? If I am to be ravished I shouldn't look too eager," but she uncrossed her ankles and thrust her hips slightly in eager anticipation.

She heard someone enter the room. He sat on the edge of the bed and ran his hand up and down her thigh before easing her panties off and cupping her mound. She heard him open a tube of lubricant and felt him rub it up and down her cunt, paying special attention to her clit. As he circled her clit with his finger she felt warmth, realized it was warming lube and almost came on his finger which was now inside her warmed tunnel. He began suckling a breast. She moaned with pleasure as he moved his mouth to the other one. He withdrew his finger, and she felt something else enter her -- disappointingly not a cock. After a few thrusts he turned it on - a vibrator. After working it around a bit he withdrew it and traced it all around her clit and the inside of her lips before drawing it back down her slit and tilting it inside her again. He turned it to high and began thrusting in and out. Just as Lola was about to cum he turned off the vibrator and withdrew it. His mouth was gone from her very erect nipples, but now she felt something pinch them. He was attaching clamps to her! She had always been intrigued by the idea of nipple clamps but had been hesitant to try them. Now she liked the feeling of these as he increased the tension to the point that her nipples began to hurt. Just when the escalating pain caused her to grunt she felt his cock probing her entrance. He teased her pussy for a while before he gave her all of it and began to thrust. She came immediately and then came again when she felt him swelling inside her. He came hard deep within her belly. They lay quietly as the spasms of their orgasms slowed. The pain in her nipples and the heat from the lube aroused her again, and she hoped he would get hard and fuck her again, but after a few minutes he left, and soon Jeff called time. The women removed their blindfolds and took a few minutes to freshen up before meeting downstairs for snacks and drinks. 

Before they began to eat Jeff announced there would be an appetizer: "As lord of this castle I claim "the right of the lord" to take the virginity of all brides on their wedding night. Since Lola is the most recently married woman here we'll pretend this is her wedding night. I ask you all to bear witness as I exercise my right." He tilted the recliner all the way back and undressed the willing Lola. She was very aroused because of the warmth below, and her nipples still smarted from the clips. "First we need to tend to those sore nipples," he said as he began sucking one and motioned for Jules, his man-at-arms, to attend to the other which was still fiery red and standing out prominently. Jeff rubbed more warming lube on her hungry pussy as the two men suckled her. After a sufficient amount of working in the lube he mounted her and slowly entered. She eagerly met his thrusts and they both came too quickly. She had never heard of this custom, and hoped the "lord" would give all the other men a turn with her, but as she looked around the room she saw that while everyone else was attentively watching her and Jeff, they were also already occupied. Jeff's man-at-arms had abandoned his post, bent his wife over the back of a chair, pulled up her skirt and was thrusting into her from behind. The other men were doing the same to their wives in various positions, except for Fred who was screwing Doris missionary-style on the sofa as they all watched Lola's ritual deflowering.

***

"Well, how did you like it?" Fred asked on the way home.

"I loved it! That was the greatest! When is the next party? Can we host one?

"And you, did you get a good lay? I know I did! I admit I was a little jealous when I saw you giving those other women head, because I wasn't getting much of anything myself right then, but the mystery man who finally screwed me really knew what he was doing, whoever he was. Jeff wasn't too bad either.

"How about the girl you screwed? How was she? And did you and Doris both get off that last time?"

Fred wasn't too pleased with Lola's enthusiastic response, but he didn't see anything to be gained by telling her he had thoroughly enjoyed a couple of great pieces of ass himself, which he had. "Oh, ok, I guess," he tried to sound indifferent, "but nothing like you, Baby," he said as he slipped his fingers inside her thong and began preparing the two of them for another screwing; this time with each other.