 [revised 8/15/2017]

This story is kind of by-the-numbers. Five couples in various pairings through the night. But every person and every pairing is unique.

*

"We call it a swap-meet," explained Helen. Her voice sounded small coming from the cell phone's speaker. It lay between Stacy and her husband on the pillow, lighting their faces like a magic spell. They were pressed together face to face, separated by little more than the width of the phone. Their legs entwined, each rested a hand on the other's hip.

Jared's eyes glittered and he grinned at her. Stacy rolled her eyes. "Real original."

The voice on the phone chuckled. "What do you wanna call it, musical beds? Or maybe a dick relay?"

Stacy eyed her husband. He and Helen were trying to talk her into her next swinging experience. The Lancasters had reminisced about her first experience from a little over a month earlier while making love. After cooling down from their first few rounds, Jared had called Helen, hoping to plan their next event.

As luck would have it, a plan was already in the works. "How many people are we talking?" asked Stacy.

"We always try to get five couples when we do it at our place. We have four bedrooms plus another bed in the basement playroom."

Stacy scratched the side of her breast. It was just an idle itch but Jared watched her attentively. She felt the warm imprint of his manhood shift against her thigh. She made a face at him and slapped his arm gently. Men.

"What are the bedrooms for?" She asked Helen through the glowing piece of glass and silicon.

"What do you think?"

"Doesn't everyone just get it on in your living room or whatever?"

Helen made a mock sound of impatience. "No. That's how a swap meet is different. It's not an orgy. It's a series of pair-offs."

"She's making a face," Jared told Helen. "Either she doesn't get it or she wants more cocks." He grinned at her.

Actually, Stacy was indeed thinking that a few pair-offs weren't going to get her more cock than a night alone with her stud husband. She already had the best man around; if she was going to swing she wanted to increase the cock to pussy ratio.

Helen laughed genuinely. "Oh Stacy-cakes, I like the way your filthy mind works."

There was a pause. They heard the older woman take a sip of something. "To be honest, these kind of nights are more for the guys. That's the way it goes, you know. Sometimes one of the girls gets royally fucked in a gangbang, other times we give the guys a chance to sample more wares."

"That's right. You ladies have dues to pay." Jared proclaimed. He got gently hit again.

Helen went on. "But a swap-meet is plenty of fun. And it's not like we lock the bedrooms or anything. I like to peek in on others when there's a down moment or two." There was another pregnant pause.

"You said you're setting up something for next weekend?" Stacy finally asked.

"Yep. Barbecue Saturday evening and then straight to bed for desert."

Stacy's eyes were drawn to Jared's growing arousal. She ran a hand along his heated shaft and scratched playfully at his inflamed purple helmet. She couldn't keep the grin from her lips. She could feel the familiar flush of heat rise in her chest and face, echoed by the damp slit between her legs. "Okay. I guess it's selfish to keep this all to myself."

After a few seconds of silence, Helen realized to what she was referring and cackled into the phone. "Damn right, girlfriend. That man of yours should be considered a national treasure." She hung up and the man in question rolled on top of his wife with a growl.

*****

Stacy hadn't seen the Pollard's back yard before. The first thing she noticed was the eight-foot privacy fence. Well, she saw it from the big deck so technically that was the first thing she noticed. It's deeply stained planks terraced across three levels. There actually wasn't much yard left over.

Helen's husband Frank was at Stacy's side, hand on her hip. He'd welcomed her at the front door with a strong embrace while Helen pecked Jared on the lips. Frank's hand had traced along Stacy's back and patted her left buttock. Surprisingly, it made her feel very comfortable. She found Frank's big, squared-off frame reassuring.

Now out on the deck, he let her pause to get her bearings. He saw her eyes linger over the covered Jacuzzi. "Sorry, no hot-tub tonight I'm afraid. Damn thing's more trouble than it's worth, to be honest."

"It's a money pit," Helen added as she breezed by with pitchers of drinks. She set them out on a catering table and added. "We're tearing it out in the fall, and I mean it this time." Jared had followed her, carrying the dinner rolls and macaroni salad.

There were steaming heating pans on the tables; Stacy could smell the pork and beans. But she was more interested in the other people on the deck.

As promised, the night would include five couples in total. The Lancasters had been the last to arrive but had pulled in just moments after another young couple. Stacy saw them now. She knew they would be the Tomlinsons.

He was a sandy-haired beanpole, even taller than Frank. Probably thirty or so, he was wearing stylish tinted glasses and an open cream shirt over a dark tee. He had a prominent Adam's apple but a handsome, slightly pinched face. His wife was at his side. She was... well, one word would be striking but not for the usual reasons.

The woman was rail thin and nearly six foot herself. Stacy's eyes flickered down to her feet. Thin sandals... and a hell of a lot of leg.

She was pale as milk and had virtually no figure. She did have ink though. She had a flame-patterned sari around her hips and a light sun-shirt on over a barely legal black bikini. Stacy could make out some kind of web pattern over her shoulder and a big jungle cat curled around her exposed hip.

Her short, layered hair was black at the roots and fringed with scarlet. Stacy realized she was staring at the woman's nose ring and tore her eyes away.

Frank suggested they get some drinks and started lighting Tiki torches at the edges of the deck. She saw Jared grab a hard cider but she didn't want any alcohol. She generally didn't drink and saw no reason to make an exception today. But there was ginger ale and coke. She went with the ginger ale just because it was something different.

She dropped her little overnight bag in a small pile of other bags and purses near the door.

Her eyes continued to rove as she popped the can open. Another couple had clearly been here a little while already and were sitting on lounges with tall mixed drinks. They were older, undoubtedly into their forties. She couldn't be sure but the man looked to be under average in height. He was in a black short-sleeved shirt with half the buttons undone. There was a hint of steel at his temples and peppering his thick chest hair.

He had a look of someone that spent a lot of time outside. He was in conversation with Helen and some other guests and was gesturing strongly and laughing. Stacy wouldn't give him a second look on the street but he moved with an energy she liked.

The woman on the lounger next to him had to be his wife. She was short; as short as Helen. But where their host had a whipcord thin, almost severe looking body, the woman on the lounger had plenty of padding.

Stacy liked her own body; it fit her. Subtle curves. Not athletic but on a good frame.

The woman on the lounger had broad hips, thick ass and thighs and breasts that seemed to cover most of her stomach. She must take care of herself somewhat though because that stomach was under control. It swelled, yes, but not enough to detract from her more attractive curves.

She had a dusky complexion and pitch black hair spread out in thick waves behind her head. Likely South American with a lot of Indian in her blood. She waved happily at Jared and blew him a kiss; apparently someone he had known in his prior swinging incarnation.

Jared gave her a happy smile and a nod back. His eyes glinted with interest. The woman didn't have anyone's idea of the perfect body but Stacy instantly saw her underlying allure. She was unabashedly and loudly WOMAN, someone who could be mother or bed-mate with equal dedication.

Or so were Stacy's thoughts when looking at her. In truth, her mind had maybe been thrown off kilter by notions of the night's festivities. And of the woman mounting her Jared and burying him in that bosom.

Those should be the McCoys then.

Jared brought her a loaded plate. He knew what she'd want. Pulled pork but no bun, a small mountain of pickles and green olives and German potato salad. She saw that his own plate had nearly as many pickles in a sandwich along with the pork. He'd opted for macaroni salad as well as beans.

So, that left one more couple to check out. They were over by a small bed of roses down in the remnant of a yard, the woman calling to Frank about something horticultural.

Hard to judge their ages but the woman looked to be the older of the two. Stacy blinked. She was actually much like Stacy if you added eight or ten years. Breasts a little bigger, hair much longer but more lightly colored into the auburn range. She was bent over, apparently feeling the rose buds. Stacy glanced at Jared and saw he'd noticed her as well. Her heart shaped ass was hard to ignore. Especially in yoga pants. Beneath which there was no underwear.

The man was in jeans and a tight muscle shirt. To better display his muscles. Obviously. He seemed a bit at a loss while his lady and Frank talked about the roses. ~He looks like arm candy,~ Stacy thought. He had a dark buzz cut and whenever he couldn't think of what to do with his hands, he crossed his arms high over his chest.

It was a very military sort of posture but Stacy couldn't help thinking "poser". He seemed a gym rat with very specific ideas about machismo.

Again, Stacy was leaping to conclusions but she did have a little intel on the matter.

That would be Felicity Harrow and her boyfriend. Helen had said the man, who wanted to be called Trey, had been attached to Felicity for about half a year and had been to a handful of functions. Helen grudgingly admitted he behaved himself but clearly didn't care for the man.

Helen swept by again. The small older woman was in tight halter top. Her tiny chest didn't have much to hold it up with but the stretch fabric clung nonetheless, ensuring her nipples showed clearly. Below she was in short white Capri pants and was barefoot.

The woman still fascinated Stacy. She knew Helen's deep tan covered every inch of her spare body, right down to her shaved mons. Not that most of that was visible at the moment. There was no wasted flesh anywhere on that body; it's like Mrs. Pollard's raw intensity just wouldn't allow it to linger.

She was a freaking heart surgeon, well respected in her field. The epitome of work hard, play hard; she was in her mid-forties. Helen Pollard did everything 200% to the point that she was a little mad.

It made Stacy shiver to remember what that woman had done to her. Helen had said tonight would be tame by comparison. That was probably a good thing. Stacy Lancaster still wasn't sure of her own appetites and limitations or lack thereof. She was a little afraid that someone like Helen could pull her down into a depraved rabbit hole of uninhibited hunger.

Stacy didn't want to be a user of people or a toy herself, regardless of the pleasures that offered. But she also didn't want to completely shut herself off from those more interesting aspects of her personality. She didn't know yet if there was a good balance to be found or where it might lie.

She clasped Jared's hand to hers briefly as they found seats and joined the conversation. If nothing else, she knew he had her back in all things. She was determined to enjoy the night and not over-think things.

****

Stacy and Jared had a chance to chat at least a little bit with all the other couples during dinner. William McCoy intrigued her. The stout man had a masculine energy she hadn't encountered before. Boyish but tempered by confidence. Knowing they would be sharing a bed sometime that night probably had a lot to do with her fascination. She couldn't get the idea of his hands and lips all over her out of her head.

George Tomlinson interested her for different reasons. He and his wife Bethany (or "Beth") had been pretty quiet. None of the guys were too shy about checking out the ladies but George seemed continuously mesmerized by every hip and breast. He was constantly adjusting the front of his slacks but couldn't hide the lump there.

He looked like he knew he was about to get eaten alive and it made Stacy want to tear off a chunk for herself. Again, the general air of sexual tension and knowledge that she would be fucking each of these men was allowing her deeper urges free rein.

Trey was an undeniable hunk but was almost as quiet as the Tomlinsons. Definitely a boy toy. It turned out Felicity was a lawyer and Trey a personal trainer. Practically a cliche. Stacy figured Trey would be good for a roll in the hay but she was actually more interested in Felicity. The woman spent time on William's lap, his hand under her shirt as if nothing unusual was happening. His wife, Gloria, stroked Felicity's thigh fondly watching them, a drink in her other hand. They'd clearly been friends for a while.

Stacy couldn't get a read on how Trey felt about that.

She leaned against Jared, hand on his knee. They'd both set their plates aside and relaxed in the fading dusk. The Tiki torches sent thin smudges of soot skyward. Their flickering orange light became visible dancing across the guests.

"Okay, boy's and girls, I hope no one over-did it on dinner. We don't want anyone feeling bloated." Helen said, gathering the couples together. She clapped her hands. "We're doing this boudoir style tonight. That means each lady gets a bed and each of the gentlemen will come to her at the appointed time."

Frank said, "I'll keep the guys out here for a bit while Helen gets you girls settled in your lairs."

The couples made murmured partings, all exchanging brief kisses. Jared patted her ass as she turned away into the house. The women all collected their bags.

"Frank and I will come around after each period to escort the guys to where they need to be." She said, gathering the girls in the kitchen for a moment. "We'll start out at about an hour each but things slow down as the night progresses so we play it by ear." She looked at Stacy. "There's a bathroom in this hall here and one off the master bedroom, if you need it. There's also one in the basement."

She gestured for Felicity to follow her down a short hallway. "Elle, I'm going to put you in the Kamasutra room." Curious, Stacy followed and peeked into the room. Deep orange lampshades on each bedside light made the room dark but inviting. A dresser supported a large mirror and on two walls there were silhouette prints of couples in intimate embrace.

The lawyer took the doctor aside in the room for a quiet talk. It looked like Felicity was explaining something to her host, or asking for something. Helen was slowly shaking her head through most of the conversation but in the end, she shrugged and nodded. Elle handed her a couple small items which Helen discreetly pocketed. They pecked each other on the lips and the hostess gave Stacy a "don't worry about it" smile as she stepped back into the hallway and closed the door.

"The night stands all have supplies," Helen said. She glanced at Stacy. "Toys and lube and a few other things" she explained. She beckoned the willowy Bethanne. Helen barely came up to her shoulder. "The animal room for you I think, hon." Stacy tagged along again. She was going to just assume the two rugs, three pillows and comforter were all fake fur. Everything was leopard and tiger prints, the lighting a little brighter than the previous room.

Helen was apparently leaving Stacy for last. They dropped Gloria off in the royalty room. The walls had thick hangings and the bed was a big four-poster affair with a canopy.

In the other wing of the house, another hallway ended in a single room. "I saved our room for you, Stacy-cakes."

The master bedroom was spacious and had a large sunken tub in one windowed corner. The windows ran floor to ceiling and were tinted, the shade suggesting to Stacy that there were mirrored from the outside. "Wow," was all Stacy could say. The view wasn't stunning but a few of taller buildings downtown were visible against the horizon. She spun around looking. The attached bath had a large, glassed in shower stall as well. There was a full sized couch against one wall and huge king sized bed with an intricate and heavily built headboard.

"Glad you like it." Helen came close and put her arms around Stacy's waist. "How are the teacups doing?" she asked, peering at the tips of Stacy's breasts. She wore no bra under the halter and her puffy nipples were very visible now. "Yeah, looks like you're ready to have fun." Helen ran her hands across the soft peaks and turned her face up to Stacy.

The small, lean doctor made Stacy feel so soft and womanly. Helen's slightly parted lips were an invitation and Stacy bent to accept it. Their tongues played for a moment. "Honey, I'm not going to pretend to know you but I think I have you partially figured out. Jared's told me you can be a demanding hellcat in bed. Which is awesome. And coming from him, I know it's not hot air."

"Before Jared, I really had to control myself. My expectations." Stacy admitted.

Helen nodded. "I need you to be a little careful about that tonight. These are good guys but they're going to have to pace themselves and I am being nothing but truthful when I say none of them are the man Jared is. I need you to manage your expectations tonight."

Stacy pouted and she wasn't acting. Helen patted her cheek. "I get it. Lord knows I can be a bitch in bed myself. And there's a time and a place for being a raging lust beast that demands more than a man can give. Aside from the lust and the pleasure itself, there's power there. But not tonight please dear."

Stacy sighed. "Fine. I get it." Helen squeezed her ass and playfully bit her chin before turning to go.

Mrs. Lancaster pulled gossamer from her bag.

*****

The men killed a couple minutes shooting the breeze out on the deck. When it was time, Frank guided them toward the first assignations of the night.

Frank left Jared to knock softly at the door to the animal room. "Come in," called a soft voice. He turned the knob and pushed.

Bethany Tomlinson's pale body stretched languidly across the orange and black pelt on the big bed. The tiny black G-string wasn't imaginative but it was striking. Her legs just went on forever. Jared closed the door behind him as Beth ran her hand through her hair and down her body. "Hey handsome, am I going to be enough woman for you?"

Jared just let himself gaze at her. Beth liked the way his eyes burned across her body. She really liked it. She squirmed, unable to completely contain her excitement. She had a life-long problem of craving the attention of men. Intellectually, she was a liberated and progressive woman, just starting to make headway in a career as a technical writer. That's what she wanted for her life and had worked hard to achieve it.

But whenever a guy looked at her as a sex object, well, she ate it up. It was almost an addiction. Something she knew wasn't good for her but gave her such a thrill.

Swinging was a way to indulge the urge. She gave herself license to flaunt her body and stoke the fires that she lit in men's gaze. Her spare and elongated frame wasn't classically sexy but she had discovered that being exotic had its own appeal to many, many men.

Also, Beth was no tease. When she fed the flames, she didn't hold anything back. Physical touch was an even bigger turn on than heated gazes. The excitement of being lusted for made Bethany very horny and ready.
