 I woke up the next morning and found myself alone. It was weird going to bed with two hot naked 18 year olds who had just swapped your cum, and wake up in a bed all by your lonesome. I started wondering if I had been dreaming. I left my bedroom and was happy to find the shower running and figured my guests from last night were partaking in some morning fun. I stepped into the bathroom and could see the two girls through the glass shower door. Leslie was all over Sophie. She was kissing her and her hands were simply mauling her tits as Sophie kept her balance against the shower wall. Leslie had her legs spread wide and was furiously fingering the Swedish goddess. Sophie was moaning loud obviously enjoying the efforts the brunette was putting on her body. 

Sophie opened her eyes and saw me watching from the door. She smiled at me and whispered something into her new found lover's ear. Whatever it was, Leslie dropped to her knees and buried her face in Sophie's twat. And I do mean buried. There was no way she could breathe being that deep in between Leslie's legs. Sophie loved every second of it, pushing her friends head into her pussy and grinding into her mouth. I saw Leslie add two fingers into Sophie's awaiting twat and fucked the sweet girl into submission. They looked so incredibly sexy together. Leslie's perfect round ass sticking out, wet and juicy. Sophie's perfect tits and hard nipples with the water cascading over her grabbed and played with her nipples making them harder than two eraser heads. Her moaning got louder and I could tell she was ready to pop at any moment. She was gyrating and fucking Leslie's mouth hard all the while staring into my eyes. "OH shit, Les... you're making me cum." And with that she let her juices run through her and land right on Leslie who sucked them away as though it was the nectar from the gods. 

"She tastes delicious doesn't she?" 

Leslie looked up noticing me for the first time. A devilish grin spread across her face. 

"She sure does. Want some?" She asked offering me her fingers. Not one to pass up Sophie's juices I licked Leslie's finger off with gusto. Watching the two girls go at it had made me harder than I realized and needed to fuck. 

"Since you took care of Sophie, let me take care of you." 

I pulled the brunette out of the tub and lifted her into my arms just as I had done a couple of nights ago. I led her into the bedroom. Sophie came behind me holding towels. Together we dried up Leslie; I particularly enjoyed drying off her amazing tits. When that was done I laid on the bed. 

"Leslie sit on my face." The young woman practically jumped and lowered her moist pussy onto my mouth. I latched onto her thighs as my tongue pushed into her pussy. She quickly began to grind her pussy into my mouth. The shower with Sophie had definitely riled her up. I felt someone grab my dick and start laying soft kisses on the head. Leslie's hands were on my chest as she held on while my tongue drilled the inside of her cunt. It had to be Sophie, who was putting my hard dick into her delicate mouth. I groaned into Leslie's pussy, grabbed her ass and spread her cheeks. Her asshole was staring right at me and it looked so hot and puckered. I only hesitated for a second before I licked her ass. 

"OH SHIT." Sophie looked up in surprise. 

"What's going on? What happened Les?" 

"He.... Oh oh oh.... He's licking my ASS." She yelled out as I stuck the tip of my tongue into her ass. I raised my fingers and stuck them in her pussy driving her crazy from both sides. 

"OH MY GOD!! OH GOD OH GOD DON'T FUCKEN STOP!" Sophie stood over me and dropped her pussy on my cock. Seeing her friend in such ecstasy must have made her horny. She was in my lap bouncing up and down on my dick like never before. She reached down and rubbed her clit. Meanwhile my tongue was deep into Leslie's rectum, my face buried between her luscious ass cheeks; my fingers curling inside of her pussy touching her G-Spot. "AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH AHHHHHHHHHHH I'm FUCKING CUMMING, I'M FUCKING CUMMING!!!!AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH." 

She shot gallons of juice all over my face and chest. It was ridiculously sexy. She rolled off me and just lay out exhausted on the bed. Sophie continued to bounce on my hard dick. She lay on top of me and kissed me hard. Licking and slurping Leslie's juices off of my face. I grabbed Sophie's ass and helped her fuck me. Driving her harder onto my cock and sending tantalizing shivers through the rest of my body. Sophie was breathing hard and fucking me furiously. 

Leslie got off the bed and left the room. I was too caught up in Sophie's tight pussy to really ask too many questions. I looked into her face, and couldn't help but smile. She was beautiful and so damn sexy. Her tits bouncing her wet hair flailing, the look of immense pleasure on her face as she fucked my dick. I sat up and kissed her. Before I pushed her down and took over. I spread her legs as far as they would go and drilled her pussy. She was so wet that her juices would jump in every direction. She grabbed her tits and rubbed her nipples once more letting me know she was close to cumming. I flicked her clit with my fingers and the sexy young girl started cumming as if it were her first time. I was close too but I was able to hold out and ride through her orgasm even though she had clamped on me so deliriously. 

Leslie came back into the room at that moment. 

"Sophie let me have his dick." Sophie nodded and rolled away. Leslie turned around and stuck her ass in my direction. "Tommy. Fuck my ass." I was shocked I was not expecting this at all. Sophie looked on incredulously not sure what to think. I moved to Leslie and she spread her ass cheeks with both her hands. I held my dick at the entrance of her ass and I could tell that she was wet and lubed up already. That must have been where she had gone. My dick was pretty wet still covered in Sophie's juices I was sure that we could pull it off. I pushed at her entrance and felt some resistance. Leslie relaxed and I was able to slip the head into her ass after sometime. Her ass was amazingly tight and so warm. I continued to push inch by inch as Leslie moaned and groaned. At first in pain but the longer we went the better she sounded. 

"Oh my god... this is incredible. Sophie you need to try this. It's amazing." I looked over at Sophie and she had gone pale hearing that. Probably afraid I would be expecting this from her from now on. I smiled at her and kissed her. I tried to put as much as I could into the kiss so she would know that she had no need to worry. I pulled back and looked at her, hoping she could read it in my eyes. She smiled at me and nodded. I felt better knowing we were on the same page. 

"More please more!" Leslie asked breathlessly. I grabbed her hips and pushed more and more into her until my entire dick had gone as deep as it could. 

"Oh god. I feel so full." She said when my balls had rested against her clit. I pulled back just a little, and pushed in. I fucked her slowly, softly. I didn't want to hurt her so I took my time letting her ass get accustomed to the throbbing dick in her ass. Sophie was getting turned on again just watching us. I was glad to see her touching herself while watching me fuck her friend in the ass. Leslie reached between her own legs and started playing with her clit. She was so horny and I loved fucking her. Her ass gripped me tight and I felt like it was trying to squeeze the cum out of me. 

"Fuck me tommy. Go ahead fuck my ass." I grabbed her hips and fucked hard and deep. Our bodies were slapping against one another, the noise was going through the whole room. Leslie had rested her head down and her ass was now in the air, mine for the taking. So I took it, over and over again; loving the feel of her walls around my dick edging me closer and closer to orgasm. "Oh shit I'm gonna cum from you fucking my ass." I wanted to make sure she came first so I tried to hold my orgasm back as long as I could. 

"Ah yes, just like that... please don't stop... I'm there. I'm so fucking close.. AHHHHHHHHH shit!!" Her ass clamped around my dick as she came and that was the last straw as I let my canon go off into the depths of her bowels. It was an incredible feeling of release one that I enjoyed to the very end. Leslie crashed on the bed and passed out once again. I grabbed Sophie and laid the hottest possible kiss I could on her lips. She was still touching and rubbing her clit not having cum from the hot ass fuck she had just witnessed. I dropped my head into her lap and sucked her clit into my mouth to help her get there. She didn't need much because the moment I did she yelled out and filled my mouth with her cum. We held each other and crashed. 

I woke up a few hours later and this time the girls were still in bed with me. Sophie was cuddled up against my chest. Leslie was still on her stomach a little further down. The girls woke up and we all realized we were starving. We quickly rushed and jumped into the shower all three of us. We had been fucking all morning and for now were content to just enjoy the water and clean ourselves up. We left that apartment happy as could be. We found a great place where we sat and had breakfast and laughed so much. The whole time Sophie and I stared at each other and held hands under the table. Leslie looked at us knowingly and just smiled. After breakfast I decided to take the girls on a shopping spree and bought them all kind of clothes. Including some pretty sexy lingerie that I was hoping they would put to good use soon. While they were trying some skirts on I disappeared to get something special for Sophie. A present I would give to her when we were alone. 

After the shopping Leslie talked about this movie she wanted to see. I was fine with it so I could sit down for two hours and shut my brain off for a little while. We sat in the theater all the way in the back, even though it wasn't that packed. I sat in between the two girls. Sophie kissed me and laid her head on my shoulder and held my hand. The movie was obviously not for me and I quickly got bored. I laid my head back against the seat closed my eyes and tried to shut my mind off for a few minutes. My moment of rest didn't last very long as I felt the girls start to rub my thighs. It felt nice so I just let them get on with it. I quickly noticed that their hands were quickly moving up and towards my cock. Almost like a coordinated attack on my senses. Sophie pulled my zipper down and took my dick out into the open. I was only semi hard at that point but had a good feeling that that would quickly change. I was right. It only took Sophie a few seconds before taking my dick into her mouth. 

She took her time. She licked my head and kissed all over my dick. I kept my eyes closed and just enjoyed the sensation. She moved away and Leslie had a turn. She took the head of my dick into her mouth and bobbed her head up and down my dick. She was quick and fast and I found myself lifting my hips to meet her mouth. She pulled of and Sophie took over again, going back to her sweet and slow pace. Practically making love to my dick. She wrapped her lips tightly around me and slowly rolled her mouth up and down my pole, her tongue licking the veins that were running through my member. It was lovely. I put my hand on her head and she pushed down taking more of me, more than she ever had until that point and I was impressed. 

She left my dick with a loud popping sound and the moment she did my dick was already halfway down Leslie's throat. She was even faster than before, bobbing her head and twisting it in a corkscrew motion to send even more shivers down my spine. I sat back quietly moaning enjoying the treatment I was receiving from these girls; beginning to think that this was their plan all along. Sophie took my dick back and returned to her slow pace. 

It was driving me insane, but it was probably the greatest thing ever. They kept this switching back and forth through the whole second half of the movie. Leslie bringing me to the brink of orgasm time and time again only for Sophie to calm things down and keep my cum at bay so they could continue their game of pass the penis. After a while I couldn't hold back anymore and let them know. They both dropped to their knees in front of me, Sophie jerking me as Leslie sucked the head of my dick. I came so hard and so much that I had no idea where I was anymore. Leslie popped off and Sophie got a turn at tasting my cum right from the source. When they were done they put my dick back in my pants and took their respective seats on either side of me. They both lay on my shoulders as we enjoyed the rest of the movie.

We left the movie theater and back to my building. Leslie went to her car giving Sophie and I a moment to have a proper goodbye. We kissed long and deeply. 

"How about next weekend we spend it together? Just you and me no Leslie." She smiled and hugged me close. 

"I may not be able to wait for a whole week. Thanks for everything."

"Thank you." We kissed again and she walked away. She looked back and saw me staring at her ass. She lifted her skirt showing me her bare ass. 

"You may get this next time." She threw back at me. Stirring me up and making me look forward to our next meeting. Hopefully it would be very soon.