 "Am I......missing something?" I nervously asked my friend Maxine as I fiddled with a cigarette.

"What do you mean?" She looked puzzled as she sipped her coffee.

"You know.....I.....you.....oh shit." I sighed, "some mornings it seems like........there's something going on.......with you and.....some of the other Mums. All......secretive and shit."

Maxine just shook her head, "You are just being paranoid.......it's just kids stuff.....you know; after school things." 

"I don't know." I took a drag of my cigarette, "Some days.....you just disappear without a word. "

Maxine waved her hand to dismiss my concerns and swifty changed the subject.

I'd known Max since our own schooldays and now our kids went to the same school alongside a few other Mums we would meet a couple of mornings a week for a coffee; but recently she had been making excuses and driving off with someone else without even a bye your leave; and some mornings when I walked in the cafe she would be talking to other parents and they would go suspiciously quiet when I joined them.

It was all beginning to be a bit like my last year at school twenty years ago; when I was left out of the 'cool kids gang.' 

Over the next couple of weeks I became even more suspicious of not just Max but some others, who on the surface were always polite and said 'Good morning' and just like Maxine would occasionally disappear straight after dropping the kids off or would look very secretive when talking to a couple of the Dads, making my paranoia go onto red alert.

Eventually I was sitting outside the cafe alone with Max and I blurted out; "You know a couple of weeks ago I asked what you were getting up to without me....well.......Something IS going on.....tell me; why am I being left out?"

She glared at me then shook her head; "It's all in your mind."

"No it isn't." I insisted as I turned and turned my cup, "I thought we were supposed to be going to the supermarket yesterday and......then I saw you talking to Jasper's Dad then get into his car." I shrugged my shoulders and looked her straight in the eye, "and you didn't return any of my calls all day.".

Before she could reply another Mum, Helen sat next to us without asking. "Everything OK ladies?" She smiled; and began taking about our kids.

After another coffee and more inane conversation I had to leave for an optician's appointment.

That afternoon when I was back at the school gates Max sidled up; "We need to talk." She half whispered.

"Go on then." 

"Not here." She continued; "Can I phone you tonight?"

"Of course." I replied; more confused than ever. Why would my friend need an appointment to phone me?

"Is Alex home?"

"No; he's away until Monday night." 

"Kids in bed about 7?"

I nodded. This was really weird.

Satisfied she patted me on the back and confirmed she would call about 8.

Max is a year younger than me and I'm Amber, 36. She's been divorced twice whereas I've been happily married for 12 years to Alex who's a coach driver for a holiday company, often staying away from home three or four nights a week and occasionally longer on European jaunts. I'm a little bit taller than my friend with short brown hair and 34c boobs and while I try to eat well since I changed jobs last year and now work 6-10 in a supermarket and have put a few extra pounds on, now making me a busty size 12 and she is still a slim size 8 to 10 with short rusty coloured hair.

Even at our ages I think we still look attractive when dressed up for a night out; but in my care they were becoming a rare commodity.

With the kids tucked up in bed and hubby called too, I sat with a glass of wine in hand staring at my phone. 8 o'clock came and went but it finally rang at 8.20.

"Hi." I answered as friendly as possible.

"All clear?"

"Yes.....of course." I anxiously laughed, "this is all getting weirder by the day."

"You wanted to know 'what has been going on' as you so......quaintly put it, didn't you?"

"Yes....but....."

"It's too fucking late for 'buts'...Amber." My friend hissed into her phone. "I've spoke to a couple of people and......." she took a big lungful of air, "we have.....I'm...we're in a ......sort of club.....a circle some call it.....with a few other parents."

"Oh." Was all I could think to say. "Who?"

"I can't tell you that....yet. You have to promise to keep everything I tell you a secret though....will you?"

"Of course."

"It's all harmless, a bit of fun.....between.....you know......consenting adults?"

I wasn't expecting that! But remained silent, gulping my wine and feverishly smoking.

"It has to be a secret as......well.....a few....some, most I guess are married.....and....people can be very judgemental.....you're not, are you?"

"I don't think so." I blurted out.

"Good.....because; I've been asked.....told actually......to invite you to.....join us."

"Me?" I must have sounded astounded, "Me? But why? Who? Oh shit Max.....what have you done?"

"Me?" she growled. "Fuck off! You were the one poking your nose in......you even asked Margot 'what was going on', when her sister was there, didn't you?"

"Oh God.....I'm sorry.....did she get into trouble?"

"No, you silly cow." Maxine giggled, "they are both members but didn't know!"

Max refused to give any more names, but went on to tell me that only 'special' people were normally selected and I'd been 'moved up the list'. There were about twenty members she knew of but not everyone knew who were in the club. It all started when a couple of horny but lonely people got it together and invited another friend for a threesome.

Quite a few were married like me, even one couple who joined in together but most were divorced or retired. 

"Why me?" I needed to know, "What makes you......them think I could be interested in anything like this?"

"Oh come on Babes," she laughed again, "that fat bastard is never home and when he is, he's either in the pub or the bookies! You're not getting any, are you?"

"Hey....that's a bit personal." It was my turn to giggle, as I'd probably confided too much over the years and she was right. I still look good for a married woman with two kids, but my husband had probably put three stone on in the last couple of years and did spend a lot of time in our local pub when he was home.

"You know I'm right Babes." Max carried on, "while he's ripping his cock off in hotels watching porn you are at home bringing the kids up and I bet you don't even have a dildo, do you?"

I fell silent before I confessed, "I do actually......a rabbit."

"Good for you girl; but how often do you use it?"

"More than you would imagine these days!" I chuckled; never having told anyone anything so intimate before.

"But nothing beats the real thing though, does it????" Max's voice sounded more husky now, "when was the last you got fucked and he made you scream?"

I didn't answer as I don't think my husband had ever made me cum let alone scream.

"Me?" She whispered, "this morning AND this afternoon! Three different cocks too."

"What the fu.......Three?" I was incredulous.

"Yes Babes......two glorious fucks with three different men.....and a.....woman!"

"Oh...my......GOD!"

"I fucking love it Babes......men or women; I'm not fussed and.......you're not going to believe this but I love being gang-banged too.......fucking love that Babes, you will too."

"Oh my fucking God.....Maxine; you're not kidding are you?"

"You heard me right......and there's plenty out there who want to fuck you too."

"What do you mean?" I asked as the wine began to take effect and I slowly relaxed.

"A couple of guys have been asking about you for few months now and last week one of the girls too after you started asking questions."

"I don't know what to say? I'm staggered......I had no idea." I gasped as I lit another cigarette and refilled my glass, "how long have you....you know...been doing it...a member?".

"Nearly a year now, a couple of days most weeks. " She confessed, "It's up to you now Babes.....but .....you can't tell a soul about any of this.....even if you don't join us....promise?"

"Hell yes.....I promise."

"Think about it; and let me know in the morning. If it's not for you no problems.....but if you fancy a bit on the side......." Max left the conversation there and hung up.

My mind was racing......I couldn't believe what my friend had told me or more importantly what she had been doing and now she wanted me to join in.

As I lay on the sofa thinking about Maxine's 'offer' and thinking about what she had been doing I inadvertently began stroking my pussy through my jogging bottoms, which made me giggle but feel very sexy. 

I gulped down my wine and was going to finish off what I'd started in the bedroom; but a little devil told me to pull my pants down in the living room and do it there. There was something deliciously naughty about stripping naked and fingering myself on the sofa. Unusually my fanny was sopping wet and I easily fingered myself with two then three fingers; something I'd never done before, making them go in as deep and as fast as possible while slapping my clit and tits with the other hand until I came with a very intense growling orgasm.

As usual the next morning time was against me and I was in a mad rush to get the kids to school meaning I was wearing my ubiquitous joggers a t-shirt and my parka with a pair of UGG boots when Maxine and a woman called Chloe approached me as I waved to the kids in the school yard.

"Coffee?" Max asked with a smile and I nodded; but was confused as to why the other woman was there when I presumed we were going to discuss the conversation from last night.

I sat a table outside with Chloe who was probably a few years older than me and immaculately dressed as usual. She was one of the Stepford Wives who live in the big houses near the park and I think she had a hairdresser business across town. We made small talk until Max returned.

"So?" She smiled as she handed me my coffee. "Any thoughts?" 

I flicked my eyes across to Chloe and back to Max.

"What do you think? You silly cow." My friend sniggered.

"Oh!" I gasped, "You too?"

Chloe just smiled in reply.

"Well?" Max asked again.

"No one would know?" I hoarsely asked. "You promise?"

"No my dear." Chloe responded, "It's all about trust......secrets.....and trust. It's all a bit of fun, living out each others fantasies but we all have our reputations and things to lose if this ever got out. So....no.....only our members would know."

"What would I.....?" I stopped myself, "when?.....Fantasies?"

"To answer your last question first.....we all have fantasies don't we? Even you my sweet, I'm sure." I blushed, "it's all very open and safe.....we do try to please everyone. As to when? This morning works for me.....how about you Maxine? "

"Good for me too." My friend winked. 

"But.....but....." I stammered, "you are....."

"Women?" Chloe laughed then finished her coffee then whispered, "you better believe it honey, and I can't wait to get inside your dirty little knickers. To begin with you would be expected to service ALL of the more established members, men and women, before you can expect to have your own fantasies fulfilled; which is only fair I you want to join . Let's call it the first part of your initiation into the group."

It was all happening too quickly as Chloe ushered us into her Audi and drove us to my house.

We were outside my door in under 5 minutes and my hand was shaking as I put the key in the lock. Once inside Max spun me around and kissed me full on the lips; a sweet sensitive kiss then stepped back....and smiled. I smiled too and she kissed me again; a long smouldering one with tongues swirling around inside my mouth as she pulled my parka off and ran a hand inside my t-shirt and grabbed my titty.

"Don't forget me,"Chloe giggled as she grabbed a boob outside my t-shirt as Max moved to my side, then replaced my friends lips on mine with hers as they groped and jiggled my boobies.

"Mmmmmm nice." Chloe purred.

I didn't have time to think as she ushered me into my living room and pulled my t-shirt over my head. My reflex action was to cover my 34c boobs even though they were still in my black bra, which made both women laugh. 

"Take it off too." Chloe told me rather brusquely, "your bra.....take it off." 

I looked at Max who nodded and I did as I was told, letting my saggy boobs flop down.

Chloe smiled and pursed her lips, "and now those shitty things too." Our eyes were locked as I slowly removed my leggings and knickers at the same time, leaving me totally naked in front of my best friend and a woman I'd probably only ever said 'Hello' to two or three times.

Now sitting opposite Chloe told me, "take your friend's clothes off now." 

I couldn't concentrate as Max moved next to me and kissed me again; full on the lips and slid her tongue straight into my mouth as she fondled my boobies, flicking my nipples with her tongue which were jutting out for the first time in years and making them tingle. 

"Do as you're told sweetie, take Maxine's clothes off for me." Chloe coldly told me. 

Still kissing my best friend I unbuttoned her red blouse and slipped it off then unclipped her bra with trembling fingers then Max pulled it off before pressing her soft titties against mine, which was strange and fucking sexy at the same time.

My eyes were now bulging out of my head and my legs shaking as, still passionately kissing another woman I unclipped her skirt and pulled down the zip then tugged it to her knees where she wiggled out of it.

My God! Maxine was wearing stockings and suspenders! 

"Stroke your friend's legs and arse for me." Chloe commanded as Maxine began suckling on my boobs. Again I did as I was told, stroking her tight arse through her satin knickers then the nylon covering her legs which made her press her groin against mine and against everything I knew, I responded in the same way grinding my hairy pubs against her soft knickers.

"Both of you." Chloe called over, "me now."

Maxine turned and began kissing Chloe just as she had me, then ran her hand up the back of her dress until she found the zipper which came down in a flash.

"You." Chloe glared at me, "take my dress off." I meekly stepped forward and began peeling it from her shoulders as both women stroked my hanging titties and then down to my arse which made me shiver.

When I had her dress off she made me fold it neatly and place it on the table. I turned to look at her as she stood with her hands on her hips. Her underwear looked really expensive and she too was wearing stockings and suspenders, but very expensive shiny brown nylons.

"My bra." I was hardly breathing at this stage as I stood in front of her and curled my hand around the back, praying she was going to kiss me. She did, and her big jugs wobbled against mine and I followed suit as I slid my fingers inside her panty elastic and began pulling them down, dropping to my knees in the process, then planting a kiss on her completely bald pubic area as she stepped out of her knickers.

"Mmmmm you are keen aren't you sweetie?" Chloe chuckled, "get on the sofa and spread your legs for us like the dirty little cunt you really are".

Meekly I did as I was commanded and lay spread-eagled before them. The atmosphere was so incredibly sexy I inadvertently began stroking my pussy.

"Stop that!" Chloe snarled, as she openly fingered Maxine making her squirm and purr. "Don't you dare touch that until I fucking tell you that you can!" 

Slightly scared I removed my hand, but remained legs spread wide apart and could feel something wet running between my legs.

After kissing and rubbing their tits against each other the women turned and lay either side of me taking it turns to plant kisses on my lips and tits as they stroked my legs and tugged and scratched at my hairy pubes; taking care not to touch my red hot fanny.

"Have you ever had your pussy licked by another woman?" Chloe whispered as she rolled my nipple between her finger and thumb.

"No."

"Or licked a pussy?"

"No."

"Mmmmm....a virgin? I will let you take the honours then honey, as you've waited so long."

In a flash Maxine was between my legs licking and lapping at my sopping pussy making me shiver and shake for the first time in more years than I could remember.

After a minute or two Chloe grabbed my hair and pulled my face toward her breasts and offered one to my mouth, which I eagerly took and began suckling like a baby as my best friend slid a finger into my pussy startling me. I quickly settled down as both women took turns licking and fingering me; bringing me frustratingly to the verge of orgasm three or four times but stopping before I came. 

As I licked my pussy juice from Max's mouth Chloe got off the sofa only to return with a big black dildo, and without a word slowly slid it all the way up my pussy until it touched my cervix which made me arch my back.

"Now for the real fun." Chloe chuckled and suddenly Maxine threw her leg over my chest and shuffled forward until she was sitting on my face. Her fanny was as hot and wet as mine as she smeared her juices across my mouth before sitting atop my face and began slowly rubbing herself over my mouth and nose.

"Lick me bitch!" She croaked as she rubbed faster. I tried as best I could, licking the labia and trying to poke my tongue in her hole but she kept moving; then Chloe started fucking me faster and faster with the dildo, filling me up for the first time in my life and this time I couldn't stop myself cumming, but it was so intense I lost all control and a long steam of piss shot out hitting Chloe on the arm and soaking the sheepskin rug. 

They didn't allow me any recovery time when they changed ends with Chloe now straddling my face and pulling my hair as Max went crazy with the dildo making me cum a second time as I kicked my legs in the air with excitement.

Chloe eventually turned around on my face and went into a 69 position slowly fucking me with the dildo as we licked each other.........it was absofuckinglutely amazing, and I thrust my hips up to meet every stroke and lick while I buried my fingers and tongue as deeply as possible into her sweaty cunt as I licked and nibbled her clit, making her tremble and eventually cum when I forced three fingers in her cunt and tried to suck her clit out of its roots; eventually making her cum on my face, leaving a frothy bubble across my mouth and nose. 

We spent the next few minutes getting our breath back, stroking each others tits and pussies; until Chloe told Max to lie underneath me, and for me to get on all fours as I licked her again; which I did in the blink of an eye. I couldn't believe how easily I was submitting to Chloe's commands and burying my face in my best friends pussy which tasted fucking amazing. 

Without a word I eagerly lapped away and groped Max's tits as she tugged my hair and called me "a dirty fucking bitch" which turned me on even more. After a minute or so I felt the dildo pressing against my pussy, and instantly spread my legs to accommodate it as Chloe slowly filled my cunt up again. It felt wonderful as she slowly fucked me with the huge sex toy, then I felt something wet fall onto my bum hole, then again......but the dildo in my fanny and frantically licking Max meant I didn't have time to think until I felt something warm and soft touch it then run a ring around it......Chloe was licking my arsehole as she fucked me!

Jeez.....it felt so dirty and so fucking good too!

W carried on like this for a few minutes until Chloe began stroking my puckered lips with a finger as well as her tongue. Suddenly she began sliding the finger past the tight brown lips, which made me shudder but Max grabbed my hair with bath hands and uttered; "faster you dirty cunt....lick me faster!" As I did as I was told the finger eased in deeper and deeper, making my stomach churn but my heart skip a beat. 
