 [revised 8/15/2017]

*

In the kitchen, the male guests compared notes and complemented each other's spouses. Boxers proved to be the uniform of the day, with Frank in a dressing gown the same color as his wife's. All three of the younger men were fighting with unruly erections; they wanted to get back at it. The prospect of another new woman waiting for them had them eager. William and Frank were a little more mellow but the sly grins they wore showed they were definitely looking forward to the rest of the night.

Helen signaled the end of intermission and the hosts directed the men to their new fields of battle.

In the animal room, William found Bethany half unconscious, spread-eagle on her stomach. Jared had ridden her for nearly the entire hour and she'd just about lost her mind. She was only half aware of William's arrival.

He stared at the spent woman, impressed despite himself. He hadn't been with Beth before but none of the women that attend these things were exactly quick to tire. Jared must have really done a number on her.

Knowing his own limitations, William was happy to go slow. But then he saw the way the woman's pink hole yawned open, soaked with cum and girl-juice. It gave him a charge. He felt his heavy package stir.

Still, they could likely both use a breather. Billy wasn't a young buck anymore but along with the occasional need to pace himself came with the self-control to do so. He could get turned on without having to jump into things dick-first.

He had an idea. He opened a night-stand and found what he needed.

Bethany managed to flop her head over and watch him. They hadn't exchanged a word. She honestly didn't know what she wanted. Her pussy had never been so well and truly fucked. She felt like she was all cum out. But knowing that William had just been staring at her naked, soiled form made her chest tight. She wanted his touch if nothing else.

"Oh," she whispered with pleased surprise. William set a bottle of massage oil on the table. He pushed his boxers off. Bethany licked her lips. His heavy cock looked very thick. He would stretch her more than Jared had or her husband did.

The swarthy man nudged her legs together and straddled her thighs. Beth made a noise of tired anticipation. She could feel his sex lying against her butt, not yet throbbing with need but still a solid weight. If she'd had more energy she would squirm beneath him but for now, she just sighed.

She heard him fiddle with the bottle and the wet sounds as he worked the oil in his hands, warming it for her.

When he started, she moaned and stretched for him; she should have purred given the decor. He began at the small of her back and worked upward, firmly working the oil into her alabaster skin.

He admired the quality of her tattoo. The tiger prowled across the small of her back, wrapping around her left side. Its tail snaked along her spine and its muscular form rippled as she moved.

"I love your hands. I love being touched," she whispered. "You're so strong but gentle."

"Your body is wonderful to touch. Like fine marble." Soon Beth was limp, riding on a cloud of contentment with a thin thread of anticipation running through her core.

After long minutes, she spoke, "Please take your time William. But later, when you're ready..." she let her words hang in the air for a moment. "Don't be gentle when you fuck me."

His voice had an air of dead seriousness when we responded. "I will turn you inside out with my fat cock. You know your body is a thing of beauty. But this beautiful thing isn't really yours. Not tonight. It's ours. It is an object that exists for our pleasure" His hands passed under her chest and squeezed her tiny tits roughly once before resuming the gentle massage. "It is a thing every man wants and tonight we take what we want from it."

Bethany shivered and curled her toes. The part of him lying heavily across her buttock stirred and he chuckled silently. William always knew his audience.

*****

Elle knelt on the bed in a Kamasutra room. She had found a soft velvet blindfold in the goodies drawer and put it on. She waited, patient but energized. Frank's enormous cock and staying power had been exactly what she needed. Trey was proving to be a disappointment and she'd been a bit sexually frustrated lately. She had thought she could train the boy. And yes, he had improved but his average cock and lack of imagination were trying her patience. He was obedient and a terrific piece of eye candy but that was about it.

This night would probably decide his fate with her. She would get a report from each of the women and she had asked Helen to give him some special attention. To rattle his cage a little.

Thank god for Frank. And she'd heard good things about George and Jared and of course, she adored Bill and Gloria.

Why did she even bother with boy-toys? Too much work.

She heard the door open. "Don't speak" she ordered immediately.

George stared at Felicity. She was at the far side of the bed but facing the door, blindfolded. Her breasts hung pendulous, enticing tips dark in shadow. Her corset drew in her waist dramatically and her ass flared deliciously.

There was dried cum in her hair. His throbbing cock struggled against his shorts.

"If you're hard, fuck me and fuck me now," she said. Her voice was quiet but commanding. "If you're not hard... then you need to fix that immediately."

Smiling, George quietly shucked his boxers and padded around the bed. He stared at her inflamed pussy, shrouded in her matted pelt. He didn't even need to stroke himself to readiness. The bitch was ready and so was he.

His hands made contact with her hips the same moment the head of his cock split her pink lips. A heartbeat later, he was balls deep.

Elle caught her breath and arched her back. "Thank you." she sighed. "take me however you want me, just don't cum till I do." then she hasted to add, "And don't speak, whoever you are."

She could tell by the angle that it had to be the tallest of the remaining men; George Tomlinson. But they could maintain the illusion for a while

She gasped when he took rough hold of her brunet mane and pulled her hard into his groin. She milked him with her sheath and he moaned.

What followed was intense and more of what Elle needed.

*****

There was a knock at the door of the Royalty room. "Come in, lover," Gloria sang, wondering who would walk in.

Jared slipped into the room. He stopped and stared at the curvaceous woman smoldering in the warm lighting.

Gloria lounged against the headboard. She'd spent the last ten minutes or so softly teasing her body. Trey, the piece of eye-candy, had made for a nice hors d'oeuvre but she was more than ready for the main course. "Oh Jared, I'm so glad you came tonight. I've missed you so much."

Jared watched her. Everything was on display. She lay back, her enormous, soft breasts spread wide and inviting. She had pinched and toyed her nipples into hard, dusky muffin-tops. She bit her bottom lip and sighed as she pulled at the left one.

As she teased herself, Gloria watched Jared. He reached down to adjust himself inside his boxers. She breathed in deeply and she felt her pulse quicken. "Show it to me, baby. I can tell you're hard for me." She ran her hand between her legs. It felt good and she knew it would also draw his eyes. "God I missed you."

Jared dropped his shorts. Gloria licked her lips and rose onto her knees. She put two fingers in her mouth and licked her juices off as he approached the bed. Her eyes were riveted to his manhood. At seven inches, his popularity among the ladies wasn't due to his size but his staying power. Still, the pale shaft with its enormous, too-large seeming purple cap was an electrifying sight to Gloria.

It wasn't just words; she had missed Jared. Well, to be honest... "Oh, and I've missed your fucking cock, baby!"

She dropped down to her hands and knees on the bed and bent her head down low over the side. Looking into Jared's eyes, she opened her mouth in invitation. In demand, really.

He wove the fingers of one hand into her hair and pushed her down onto his rod. Gloria didn't really need the encouragement but she felt his want transmitted through his hand and it made her feel alive and very horny.

The head of Jared's cock nudged the back of her throat. Her eyes closed and she coughed. Her hands clung to his thighs, holding him in place. The lush older woman slobbered all over Jared's sex, throat muscles sucking on the head.

Gloria could taste pussy on him. It made her drool. Her nose was buried in his wiry pubes and he smelled like sex. She rubbed her thighs together with need.

Less than a minute passed. It was enough for each of them to know how much the other wanted this. Gloria was gasping when he finally released her head, her eyes wild and demanding. "Oh please, fuck me now Jare. Open me up and take me." She scrambled around, turning her ass to him. He hopped up onto the bed and nudged her closer to the middle. Staying on his feet, he spread his legs and dipped low. Hands firmly on her hips, he urged her high.

Gloria put her head on the bed and lifted her broad ass. She braced and in the blink of an eye, Jared surged against her. His flared cap spread her sheath open; she felt it charge along the entire length of her core. "You feel so amazing, baby! Make me yours! Oh god, I need your cock so bad."

He slapped her fat ass hard and gave her what she needed.

*****

Helen led Trey to the stairs. Without a word, without really making eye contact, her hand had slipped under the waistband of his shorts to grip his cock. He was firm but not rock hard.

She pulled him along down the stairs, her steps purposeful. As they crossed the room she spoke. "We're going to find out what you're made of tonight, Trey." She released him long enough to drop her robe. Then she slid her hands back into his shorts.

She locked his eyes for a moment and squeezed he shaft and nut-sack meaningfully. He shifted his feet uncertainly. "What does that mean?"

She dropped her gazed to stare down at the tip of his hardening sex. She pulled the front of his shorts down and stroked him briefly. "Elle says she's running out of patience with you." She spared one hand to palm one of his excellent pectorals. "You're a hunky piece of centerfold material but you can't seem to learn how to really please a woman."

She felt him go stiff at that. But not just at the groin. Her words had not been in a hurtful tone but of course, their content could be nothing else. "What the shit do you think you're saying to me, lady?" There was new pink in his face.

Helen more or less ignored his words and continued. "I've only been around you, what, twice I think? But I see what Elle is talking about. It's like sex is just exercise to you. You have no imagination."

She went to her knees and gazed up at his face. She slowly rubbed the lube-slick crown of his cock with her thumb. "And no passion. Not really. You probably confuse arousal with passion."

"You want me to show you my passion, is that it?"

"Oh, Elle says you've improved a little since she made you her project. Credit where credit is due; I'm sure you can make all kinds of little hotties absolutely scream with pleasure." Helen sighed and nuzzled his hardness with her cheek. It seemed her words were divorced from her actions. She tasted his slit with her tongue, making his cock jump.

"But those little girls barely know what they want. To a real woman with a woman's needs, you're just not cutting it."

"This has to be some kind of game. Are we role playing or some shit?"

She licked more of him for a moment before answering. "Yes, I guess it is, in a way. We are going to play a game." Trey was completely hard now but Helen wanted just a little more. She wanted him ready to jump out of his skin. Keeping his eyes meaningfully, she slid her middle finger into her mouth. She swished it around a bit and drew it out dripping. Trey noticed that her nails were trimmed short and were bare of polish.

"I'll let you know the rules in a second. There's one more thing I need to do first."

The hand with the dripping finger clasped his nuts and she opened her mouth. Helen had spent nearly half a lifetime deep-throating her husband's monstrous club. She barely noticed Trey's glans brush the back of her throat as she sucked him down to the root.

Of their own volition, Trey's hands went to the back of her head. He went up on his toes and ground her face into his pelvis. Helen didn't object. She breathed easily while her tongue and throat massaged his piece.

Almost before he knew it was happening, she eased her middle finger along his taint and bulls-eyed his brown starfish. She went two knuckles in and held there.

"Christ!" Trey hissed, at a loss for words. For about thirty seconds Helen treated him to a combination of sensations that made his eyes vibrate.

She withdrew her probing digit and pushed herself off him. She was breathing normally. He was hyperventilating a bit. His glistening cock looked like it was about ready to split.

"Now, about that game." She delicately placed a finger in the middle of his back and prodded him toward an ottoman. He plopped mindlessly down into it. "We're going to fuck. You're going to cum. Each time you cum, of course, your little dick will get soft and I'll have to work to get you hard again."

The low ottoman allowed her to straddle him. She pointed his thoroughly ready appendage at her naked pussy and engulfed him. He moaned as her sheath milked him.

She held her hand in front of his face, fingers spread wide."I'm going to use the same method to get you hard each time. The first time will just be one finger. You cum again, it will have to be two fingers up you tight, manly ass." She pressed her forehead against his with a painful thump. "I don't know what you've heard about me but I can be a bit intense." She balled her hand into a fist. "If you keep going soft on me, I'll be happy to shove my whole arm up your ass."

Fortunately for Trey, that freaked him out enough that he didn't cum for a good fifteen minutes. After that Helen did as she had promised. More than once Trey asked himself why he didn't just leave. He never got an answer.

*****

Stacy paced impatiently. Helen had taken George away from her. She had literally been one second away from having him inside her again. He'd been hard and ready for her. And he'd been so good. God!

Would Helen have interrupted them if they'd been.... in-process? Stacy didn't know what she would do if the hostess tried to separate her pussy from a hard cock. Beg, certainly. Fight her off? Possibly.

She prowled the spacious master bedroom. From time to time she'd see herself in the wall of mirrors. She shied away from them; she had watched herself in them as George drove her to ecstasy and she didn't want a reminder of that right now. She was barely keeping it together, she was so horny and frustrated.

When the hell would the next guy get there?

She briefly explored the bathroom with its big, glassed-in shower. There was enough space for at least four people and there were shower heads on both corner walls.

In the bedroom, the sunken tub by the ceiling to floor windows was also big enough for three or four people. Stacy examined the fixtures, trying to distract herself. One of the long sides had a cut-away bench and there were a number of water jets all around. Made the jacuzzi on the back deck seem pretty redundant.

She left the tub and resumed her restless exploration. Seeing her discarded lingerie, she wondered if she should dress for her next guest. She picked up the pink babydoll.

Without really thinking about it, she turned to the mirrors and pressed it against her body, checking it's delicate pink color against her own cream complexion for probably the tenth time since she had first seen it.

She froze at the sight of her reflection. She saw the rumpled bed behind her. In her mind's eye, she saw herself there again with George riding her from behind.

Stacy's heart sped. Damn, that had been good. George had driven her like a European roadster. And he'd been ready for more but then time fucking ran out!

She lost herself in a reverie, softly tracing the lines of her upturned breasts through the lace of the draped negligee.

The snick of the door latch broke the spell. She turned, startled and eager in equal parts. A man filled the doorway.

They stood silently for several heartbeats. Stacy let her hands fall, dropping the puff of promise and lace. "You look like a dream," Frank said, closing the door without taking his eyes off the young woman.

"Frank. Thank god. I need you so bad." The Pollard man was the only one of the swingers she'd been with before. She was suddenly very happy to see him. She knew her would treat her well.

She also knew he had the biggest cock she'd ever had in her life and she was more than ready for it.

But now that she had an audience of sorts, she found she wanted to play. She turned back to the mirror. "See how swollen my nipples are?" she asked, rubbing one pink bud between her fingers. She rocked her hips and watched his eyes in the mirror. He dropped his robe. Stacy saw the weight of his manhood under his boxers.

She split her pussy lips with two fingers and briefly rubbed herself on her palm. She moaned dramatically and circled her hips. "Oh, my hungry little pussy is so wet!" She saw Frank crossing the room. She smiled knowingly at him through their reflections and brought her fingers to her mouth. She tasted herself and closed her eyes.

Suddenly, Frank was there. One big, slightly rough hand took possession of most of her ass while the other caught her hand. He slipped her fingers into his mouth and sucked them clean. She moaned again. She tried to reach for the front of his shorts but he spun her away.

For a split second, it was like a dance. She twirled beneath his able, guiding hand and then caught herself against the mirrored doors. They banged and made a racket but Frank didn't seem worried. "I know how it is with dirty little girls like you. You just need to cum, don't you?"

"Hmmmm, oh yes," Stacy sighed. Her head was just inches from the mirror and she could see her own dilated eyes. She pushed her ass back against Frank's thigh and hand. Above, his other hand collected both her wrists and held them high against the door. It banged again, swaying wildly on its rollers.

His face and broad chest loomed over her. "Say it little Stacy. Tell me you want to cum."

"Oh please fuck me, Frank. I need to come. I'm so horny; I need you!" She really was desperate now. She tried to find his cock with her hip. She just wanted to touch it; to know it was there. She was eager to know how he would take her. He had such a big cock. She knew she could take it but if he entered her suddenly all at once...

Oh fuck, she knew that was exactly what she wanted. "God Frank, just nail me with that monster!"

Frank didn't quite fulfill her wish. Holding her firmly, he speared her drooling pot with two long, broad fingers.

Stacy bucked and whimpered. "Yes. Anything, please!"

Frank rode her hard with his fingers, grinding on her G-spot. Stacy squirmed and bucked and fucked back against the big man. She bit her lip and lowered her head, her arms still trapped above in Frank's grip.

"Oh shit, there I go!" she screamed, convulsing around his fingers. She staggered, struggling to stay on her feet as everything went white.

Frank pulled her away from the wall and scooped her up onto his shoulder, his fingers still inside her grasping sex. In a few strides, he was at the bed. She was still buzzing with orgasm when he lowered her to her back, maintaining contact with her sensitive core. He stared down at her with a measure of his own madness, the pure pleasure passing through her feminine form intoxicating and contagious. His cock was rapidly growing now but he was in no hurry to use it. The young woman needed to be tamed.
