 "Want another beer?" Sue asked, rising from the porch swing, where she had been relaxing.

"Sure, I might as well. I'll probably be through with this one by the time you get back," I answered still looking out across the yard at the thick woods, starting to darken in the growing dusk. 

The house was surrounded on three sides by several miles of heavily forested rolling hills. At the back, there was a small private lake, with a boathouse and dock. Originally, it had belonged to Sue's father as a hunting and fishing camp. He had passed away several years before I met her. He had left her the old camp house and the fifteen hundred acres of hardwood and pine with the cabin set in the middle.

The soft sounds of Sue's bare footsteps crossing the porch brought my attention back from contemplating time and space. I turned my head to watch her walk to the front screen door and open it. To say that the view was excellent is to say the least. Of course, that is only my opinion.

With her partially wearing a pair of old faded and torn blue jean shorts cut off at the stride, about three inches of beautifully rounded ass showed out the bottom. Below that, about a mile of slim, tight thighs and calves, ending in tapered feet and well turned ankles. Above, is a narrow waist, a thin cotton mans shirt knotted just below her small pointed breasts. This is topped with a mane of rich dark reddish brown hair cut to shoulder length.

She stopped with the door open, sees me watching her, and smiles. "I won't be long."

"Promises, promises." I reply with a smile of my own

Her face is a little long to be called beautiful by current standards. I like it anyway, with deep brown eyes set above high cheekbones, a wide pouting mouth, and small pointy chin; her face has an elfin quality to it. I find it very appealing and sexy.

*****

I'd met Sue where I worked at an electronics corporation in a large city in northern Texas. I was working in the research and development department, building prototypes of new systems. The company had hired her to be my assistant. She was to do the assembly work so I had more time for testing. The problem was she knew next to nothing about electronics and nothing at all about assembly. She needed the job and bluffed her way in. 

This became our secret. We would come in early and stay a little late to have time for training. On weekends, she would come to my home, so we could spend more time on her education. Within a short period of time, she became very proficient, showing a good aptitude for electronics work. It was well worth the time spent.

She and my wife became great friends. A lot of people mistook them for sisters. Sue was about four inches taller, at five feet nine inches and about eight years younger. She was thirty-two as I found out later. Other than that, they were peas in a pod.

They shared many of the same interests. Horses, fishing, camping, shopping without buying, books, crossword puzzles, swimming, nude sunbathing, and a deep love of me. So as not to sound conceited, let me say in my defense that it was quite some time later before I found out about the last. As a man, it's my duty to be the last to know. If you don't believe that, just ask any woman, she will straighten you out fast. That's their duty and they love it.

For almost a year and a half, it was the three of us. Karen, my wife, and I had been married for almost ten years. Five of which we had lived in this same city. We knew quite a few people, a number of which were single guys. I kept suggesting different ones to my wife that I thought would be right for Sue, hoping to find her someone. Not that I was trying to get rid of her, quite the contrary. I just wanted her to be as happy as we were. 

Karen always found something not quite right with each and every one. After about five or six rejects, I jokingly ask if, maybe Sue was gay. Karen gave me a strange look, and a funny little smile. 

She said, "That just goes to show how observant men are." Then she turned and walked away, chuckling to herself. I can only plead to being dense and a man to boot. 

*****

Our anniversary was in late August, hot and humid, as only northern Texas can be. It was Friday afternoon. I had left work early to make reservations for two at one of the best restaurants in town, and arrangements for a small party later that evening. 

Sue had left around noon, pleading a bad headache. I reminded her about the party before she left. Also, that it was a surprise for my wife. She assured me I would see her later and winked.

A bit after 4 PM, I arrived home and parked out front at the curb. Karen's car was in the drive. I planned to take her out in it, instead of my truck. I may be from Texas, but I'm not a total redneck. Sometimes a little bit of class shows through.

Upon opening the front door, I found out that my mind could be totally blown. I've always considered myself the type of guy who's pretty much unshakable. Honestly, I can't remember ever being even slightly embarrassed, not since I was around 12 or 13 years old, anyway. Well, here I was with my eyes bugged out and my mouth hanging open. I didn't believe what my eyes were telling me.

There stood Sue wearing a black and white, frilly lace, maid's bibbed apron, a black garter belt, stockings, and black high-heeled shoes. Nothing else. She held a tray with a drink on it. All I could do was stand there and stare. She had this shy little smile on her lips, and bright humor around and in her eyes.

"Would you care for a drink, sir? May I take your brief case, sir?"

Her words eased the spell on me enough to take the drink and hand her my brief case. Out of reflex, I took a sip of the drink, Jack and water, tall, just the way I like it.

My eyes then focused farther down the entryway to the living room. My wife is standing there with a big smile on her face. This kind of shook me, as Karen has always been, not exactly the jealous kind but possessive. The look, but don't touch rule has always been in effect during our marriage. 

We've both been tempted I'm sure; at least I know I have and I see no reason why she hasn't. She's an attractive lady, with a good, healthy sex drive. That I can attest to. Boy, can I!

What she was wearing was something of a surprise also. Karen wasn't a prude in any way, shape, or form. When we were alone, she wore teddies, skimpy baby doll nightgowns, and all sorts of sexy apparel. She even ran around nude. Some of her bikinis were close to scandalous. All of which I liked and made sure she knew. 

In fact, in my brief case, there was a pair of hot pink crotchless panties and a light pink satin teddy. They were just a little something for the cozy weekend for two that I had planned for us.

The problem was one of self-perception. The closer she came to "the big four o," as she called it, the more her figure matured. I know that's a terrible thing to say about any woman. Karen had always been thin, almost boyish, except for her breasts. In the last few years, her figure had softened, rounded out, lost its angularity. To me, she was more beautiful now than when I first met her, but convincing her of that was another story all together.

As my eyes traveled from my wife's face to her toes, the view was incredible. She wore a white satin corset that cupped the lower quarter of her full breasts, leaving the rest of them totally bare, riding high and proud. Her nipples, which are as big around as the end of my little finger and half an inch long when fully aroused, were fully erect. The bottom of the corset ended with the flare of her hips. A white garter belt, stockings, and high heels were next. 

My eyes moved back up to center on a pair of tiny shear panties. Through these, I could see that there was a change in the normal order of things. Karen's little muff is usually dark and fairly thick, although it was always well trimmed. Now it was totally bare. I could clearly see the puffy, plump outer lips and darker shadow of the inner folds. 

I also became aware of a painful bulge in the front of my Levi's. I reached down and adjusted the problem to a less painful position. At this, my wife laughed softly and Sue smiled broadly.

Sue turned, which caused my attention to focus on her cute ass, as it swayed down the hall. She stopped at the corner of the entry table. Bending at the waist, way more than necessary, she set my briefcase under the table. My total attention was on her slightly spread legs, tight thighs and calve muscles. 

In the lighter color of her spread ass cheeks, her rosy brown anus was staring at me. The lips of her sex were peeking. They were slightly parted, showing the pearl pink inner lips. There was a moist, slick look to the opening of the vagina. I couldn't decide whether to unzip my pants and ram my manhood in or just fall to my knees and gently lick and suck the whole area. Decisions! Decisions! 

A warning signal in my brain only added to the confusion. I didn't know the ground rules yet. Was the look only rule still in effect or had there been a rules change of which I hadn't been informed? Alas, better safe than sorry.

Sue straightened up, looked over her shoulder, and smiled. "See anything you like?" she asked.

My wife laughed aloud. In my confused state, I had no reply.

Karen said, "Poor darling. Come on in here and I'll wipe the drool off your chin."

At that I laughed. Sue walked into the living room, crossed to the bar, placed the tray on the dark wood top, and went behind it. I walked very carefully into the room and sat in a large overstuff chair. All the time very aware of the hard bulge, I was displaying. 

Karen came over to sit on the arm of the chair. Her left hand dropped to my lap as she leaned over to kiss me long and soundly on the mouth. Her hand rubbed up and down the front of my jeans over the bulge.

"My, oh, my, I think my lover has a problem. Why don't you finish your drink, and then get a hot shower. That might relax these tight muscles." She gave my hard manhood a gentle squeeze.

Sue came over from the bar with two drinks, handing one to Karen, she sat on the opposite arm of the chair, turning slightly toward me. I placed my left arm around my wife's waist and stroked her bare hip and outer thigh. 

Sue turned more toward me so that her left foot came in contact with my calf just below the back of the knee. She rubbed her toes teasingly back and forth. A whiff of musky sexual excitement teased my nostrils. I was well aware of a sticky wet spot originating from the top of my bulge. I took the last swallow of my drink.

Sue took the glass and asked, "Would you care for another, sir?"

"No, not right now." I replied and she turned and placed the glass on the side table. 

My wife asked, "Do you like our temporary maid?"

"Oh yes," I breathed. "Can we hire her on a full time basis?" I was ignored.

"It was my idea as an anniversary present," Sue put in. "But the uniform was Karen's idea. Mostly."

"I didn't have to do much arm twisting, did I?" Karen said with a laugh. 

She took my right hand, placed it on Sue's upper thigh under the little apron. She rubbed it up and down the silky thigh, then down between them. I could feel the soft down of her pubic hair and the hot dampness of the open lips. 

Sue stiffened slightly as a finger slid between the lips. Karen moved my hand up and down, slowly for a few moments. Sue moaned and Karen removed my hand and brought it up to her nose. Then she moved it to mine. I inhaled a heady, sweet, musky scent.

She then moved it to my lips. I licked the tips of my fingers, tasting the sweet, musky fluid. When I finished, Karen leaned over and kissed me deeply. She then released my hand and pulled Sue's head down toward my face. Sue and I kissed for the first time, very shyly, almost timidly at first and then stronger, passionately. If I hadn't figured out the new rules by now, I wasn't dense I was stupid.

Karen said softly, taking my hand again, "I think it's now time for your shower." With that, she pulled on my arm.

I rose and took a few steps toward the side hall. I stopped, turned, and gave a half bow. "If you lovely ladies will excuse me. I hear a shower calling my name." 

As I turned to resume my walk, I mumbled, "It ain't going to help my problem a bit." As I turned from the hall into the master bedroom, I heard an unmistakable giggle and laugh from the living room.

*****

Stripping off my shirt as I crossed to the bathroom, I was trying to sort out my thoughts and emotions. On the one hand, I thought I was a very lucky guy, who was hoping to get luckier. On the other, this behavior on the part of my wife and Sue were not the norm I was accustomed to.

In front of most people other than me, Karen was quite proper. Not shy or Victorian. She would playfully flirt with friends and close acquaintances. She would even sway her ass in a tight pair of jeans or shorts if someone were staring. But usually only when I was close by, then she could tell me about it and laugh or smile, according to who it was and how seriously they took it. Don't get me wrong she wasn't a tease in any mean spirited or game playing way.

Well, Sue was almost family; she and Karen had spent a lot of time together. They even sunbathed nude together at the pool in the backyard. The yard has a high redwood fence around it. Karen had me build a small, enclosed area at the front corner of the deck with one side opening into the pool. 

On those occasions when they used it, I was confined to the house. Although I had caught glimpses of nude, tan bodies in the clear water of the pool, I had been mostly a gentleman. Nevertheless, I am a man after all; I'm going to look if the opportunity is presented.

With Sue, there had been no time that I thought she might have been seriously flirting or making any kind of advances toward me. We were and are friends. There have been brushes of thigh or breast at work. But it is a small lab and we do work closely. They've all been accidental on my part and I think the same on hers. There had been some horseplay in the pool and at the lake, but that's all it was.

She always dressed nicely, never wearing anything too revealing; not an old maids look, but not Marilyn Monroe either. Even her bikinis were moderately cut. Even so, I had noticed that they were well filled. 

As I slipped out of my shoes and the rest of my clothes, I had reached no concrete conclusions. I decided it was best to just take my shower like a good boy and "go with the flow" as the saying goes.

I adjusted the water and stepped into the shower enclosure. One of the first things I had done to the house on our moving in was to remodel the bathroom. At 6 feet and 200 pounds, I hate small bathtubs. The type where your knees are under your chin when you get in and a dripping shower curtain hangs around collecting mildew.

I'd had the back wall moved outward, a large whirlpool garden tub installed in place of the old one. In the corner there is a large four foot by five foot shower with a frosted glass wall on one side and frosted glass door, a built in seat, and an extra long adjustable shower head. I love a long hot steamy shower. Karen and I both prefer to shower together. There's just something about warm, wet, slippery bodies sliding against each other. 

As I start to lather up, the door opened and my naked wife quickly entered. She took the soap and eased me over to the side. Continuing the soaping, she covers my whole body, not missing a square inch or any nooks or crannies. 

It was the major protrusion that she took the most time with, slowly, lovingly, gently lathering it up. Using first one hand, then both, then one hand with the other massaging my balls, which had been aching since I left the living room.

After a few minutes, I groaned with the pleasure as the pressure built. Karen then opened the shower door and stepped out. Taking a large towel from the rack she began to dry off. 

"You need to rinse all that soap off before you get out," was all she said as she shut the door. By now my balls were hurting, actual in pain. I rinsed off and opened the door muttering to myself.

I expected to see either Karen standing there or no one, not Sue totally nude with an open towel. My highly prominent erection couldn't get any harder but it did give a jerk. As Sue began to dry me, the towel kept brushing a highly sensitive part of my body and my manhood would jump.

As she dried from my chest down, there was a pause at this appendage, accompanied by a gentle squeeze. Then she went to her knees so she could dry my legs and feet. This placed her face on the same level with my problem. As she leaned forward and down, her hair brushed softly against it. After she finished, she straightened up, leaned forward, and gently blew on the swollen head. I thought I would explode.

She stood up smiling and moved around behind me. There she proceeded to dry my back from shoulders to ankles, not missing the sensitive areas between my leg and up the crack of my ass. Then she threw the towel over my head with a laugh. I started to reach for it but she started to dry my hair roughly. She had worked my head over pretty well, doing the back first, pausing, then the sides, stopping, and then moving to the front.

Suddenly, a warm, wet mouth swallowed my shaft to the hilt. A warm set of arms slid across my chest and a warm body plastered itself to my back. The mouth slid up and down my shaft twice, then a third time; I exploded. My backbone left with the first spurt. My knees turned to jelly with the second. I thought I would pass out on the third and fourth. 

The mouth continued to move up and down over just the crown and head for another minute or two. I reached for the head I knew had to be at waist level, the arms around my chest kept me from it. Then they released me. I staggered sideways and forward, my hand steadied me when it encountered the wall by the tub. I slowly reached up to remove the towel. I was alone in the bathroom and the door was shut.

I opened the door and stepped into the bedroom. It also was empty. I sat down on the padded bench at the foot of the bed. My breathing was quite heavy and ragged. My heart was racing. I sat there for a while, again trying to sort things out. 

I knew what, of that I was certain. It was the who I wasn't positive about. The height of the arm seemed to be about right for Sue, but Karen had never swallowed me that deep before. Especially with me being in the state, I was in. I'd never been that rampant before in my life. What a rush. What's next?

I stood and returned to the bathroom to shave. As I applied the shave cream, I studied my body from the waist up in the mirror, conceding for the hundredth time that I needed more exercise. If it weren't for the stairs at work, I probably would have been in far worse shape. I'd had too much ass time over the years, now the sands were starting to settle. I finished shaving.

On the bed was a set of clothes, from socks to tie. I recognized them as being mine, so I put them on. I had never seen one article before. A pair of red spandex briefs, and I mean briefs. There was a hole in the crotch. 

The way they were cut, the only way I could get them to fit right was to stick all of my parts out the hole. Even in it present deflated condition it was a tight fit. Also the way they were cut in the back felt funny as they rode up snuggly in the crack of my ass. I shrugged and finished dressing.

*****

When I arrived in the living room, the two ladies were standing by the bar dressed to the nines. Karen was wearing a white strapless cocktail dress that ended four inches above her knees in a flared skirt. The top displayed her breasts to perfection. No hose were to be seen and a pair of high heel sandals were on her lovely feet. The heels defined and sculptured her calves beautifully.
