 I awoke with the sun streaming in the window next to the bed. I drowsed thinking of the great dream I'd had, wondering if I could return to sleep and continue it. I figured I couldn't, so I opened my eyes. Something wasn't right. First of all this wasn't my bedroom but I did recognize it. It wasn't a dream after all. Secondly, I was alone. Time to move it, I decided. 

As I headed to the bathroom for a shower, I wondered what time it was. I realized that I hadn't seen a clock in this whole place. I also realized I didn't care that much.

*****

A little later, as I walked into the living room, I could hear soft voices coming from the porch. So I headed that way. Sue was sitting, curled up in the porch swing. She was wearing an old plaid, mans long sleeve shirt. Karen was propped against the rail with her legs crossed; wearing a similar shirt but it was unbuttoned. Both girls were sipping coffee from large heavy mugs. 

On a table next to the wall was a large coffeepot and another mug, I walked over and filled a mug. I took a sip, it was good and strong. 

I said, "Good morning."

"Good morning, darling. So you decided to get up." Karen took two steps and kissed me. "This is our second pot." 

She moved back to the rail and sat sideways with only one foot on the wood floor. I enjoyed the view of her bare sex for a moment before I bent to kiss Sue. 

She smiled. "Did you sleep well? I know I slept like a baby for most of the night. Funny though, I remember part of a dream about a rocking boat or something like that."

Karen and I looked at each other and smiled. I knew we were both thinking that we sure had rocked the boat. But I said, "Are you sure? It could have been a pony ride. You know the type that is out in front of stores. They rock up and down, up and down." At this Karen nearly spit coffee laughing.

Sue looked from me to Karen and back again with a funny look on her face. Her face lit up with a big smile. "Oh... I see... I think?" Karen and I both laughed.

"After we finish our coffee, what do you two want to do? There's plenty of fish in the lake, there's miles of woods to walk in, or we can just R & R. You know, rest, and relax," Sue said.

Looking at Karen I said, "I might try the fishing later this afternoon, but right now I'm game for whatever you girls decide."

Karen looked thoughtful for a moment then asked, "How about a picnic?"

"Great, I know a spot on the other side of the lake that would be perfect. A hill top with a good view and shade."

The girls finished their coffee and headed for the front door. Karen turned at the door. "We're going to get our showers, you finish your coffee. Be a darling and rinse the pot and cups when you're through. If you do a good job and are a good boy, you can dry us off." Smiling she went through the door.

I called, "Be careful, I might use my blow dryer." I puffed up my cheeks and gave several hard blows. I heard both of them laughing.

I refilled my cup and sat in the swing, putting my feet up on the rail. I was content. I sat there sipping coffee and just soaking up the sights and sound of nature the way it should be.

When I finished the coffee, I carried the pot and cups to the kitchen for a wash and rinse.

*****

Arriving in the bathroom, I found Karen just finishing Sue's hair. Hers was already brushed. "Hey, I thought I got to dry after you washed."

Sue kissed me and said, "You've got to save you're strength for later."

"Oh, that's so true," said Karen. "You get to row us across the lake." They both laughed and came over to kiss me. 

"Don't worry, you'll be well compensated. We'll feed you a fine lunch and we may find you some sweet and spicy dessert." Again they laughed and hugged me.

*****

The girls fixed the lunch while I got the rowboat out of the boathouse. As I got it lined up with the ladder on the end of the dock they showed up. They handed down the basket, a blanket, and me a pair of tennis shoes. As I steadied the boat they boarded. 

I loved they're choose of outfits. All they wore were tennis shoes and smiles. Sue sat in the bow behind me while Karen sat in the stern. I pushed off and started to row. I was out of practice. It took a few minutes to get into the swing of it. I finally got a good steady rhythm going.

As I did, Sue started to call out, "Stroke... stroke... stroke. Put some back into it, swabby. Stroke... stroke... stroke... First Mate Karen, see if you can put some life into him. Stoke his boiler."

"Aye, aye, Captain Sue. Full speed ahead," Karen said with a giggle.

I was sitting forward on the seat with my legs wide apart for leverage. Karen placed her hands on her stomach and slowly slid them up to cup and gently squeeze, and anneal her breasts, slowly sliding first one hand then the other up over her hardening nipples. She spread her knees wide and dropped one hand between her thighs to tease the outer lips of her sex. 

She then slipped a finger in the opening slit and slowly ran it up and down. This went on for some moments until she was fully spread. She dropped the other hand and inserted first one and then two fingers deep into her opening. Her eyes were closed as her pink tongue slipped out and licked her lips.

Her eyes snapped open at the sound of Sue's voice. "His boiler not your own... you horny bitch. Good help is so hard to find."

Watching Karen caress and pet herself had warmed me up.

Karen stuck out her tongue and said, "Spoil sport, I was getting ready to feed the fire and blow the whistle."

"Blow your own whistle is more like it," Sue said chuckling.

Karen grinned and stuck two sticky fingers in my mouth. I sucked and licked them clean. Sweet, musky, and slightly spicy, my favorite breakfast snack. I smacked my lips.

Karen moved down and between my legs. As I leaned back, pulling on the oars, her warm mouth slid down over my manhood. When I came back forward, feathering the oars, her mouth came up all the way off. This went on for a dozen strokes by both of us.

"That's better. Good work first mate. You need to go a little right."

Karen and I did several more strokes.

"Farther right."

We made several more strokes. 

"Farther right. Farther right, I said," Sue almost yelled.

Karen mumbled. "If I go any farther right the damn thing will be in my ear."

"Not you! The boat needs to go right. Anyway don't talk with your mouth full. It isn't polite."

I made a small course correction.

"Full speed ahead and with the head," Sue shouted getting into the role of captain.

My steam was coming up fast. I knew the lake was not all that wide but my safety valve was getting close to popping.

"Standby to reverse... Land, ho... Full reverse."

I kept rowing. I couldn't have stopped if I wanted to. And I definitely didn't want to.

Sue yelled, "Reverse, I said... hang on then. This could be rough and messy."

I thought the same thing. Then the boat grounded as did Karen's lips and nose. The boat hit the bank. Karen's lips and nose buried in the hair at the base of my stiff shaft. Karen had at last swallowed the whole thing. So I gave her some cream to wash it down with. 

She gave out with a small gagging sound, then another, but gamely hung on. Her head came up slowly and paused at the tip to lick and suck. She sat back up on the seat. Her eyes were slightly crossed.

"Are you all right, sweetheart?" I asked with concern in my voice.

She slowly focused her eyes on me and nodded. She cleared her throat twice and said hoarsely, "I didn't even have to swallow. I guess that's a first for me. I know it is! I don't know if I can do it again but I'm going to try and try... When the head bottomed out, what felt like a foot down my throat, I came with a bang. There is juice running down the inside of my thighs. In fact I feel like I'm sitting in a puddle." Smiling she finished "Maybe you shot straight through, darling."

"I had one hell of a head of steam up," I said shipping the oars. 

"You both are charged with willful disobedience of a direct order and mutiny. Twenty lashes each with a wet noodle!" Sue said with mock sternness. Then she laughed.

I smiled looking into Karen eyes and replied, "We both plead guilty as charged. We'll use an insanity defense and throw ourselves on the mercy of the cunt, uh, court. Anyway, my wet noodle is completely drained dry and so limp it's unusable."

The girls laughed and giggled at that.

"All a shore that's going a shore," Sue said as she jumped to the dry land.

I helped Karen to her feet, giving her a big sloppy kiss. 

We grabbed the basket and blanket. On debarking, we followed Sue up a winding trail that got fairly steep by the time we reached the top. Bring up the rear of our expedition, I had a fine view of all the rear I figured any man could or would sanely want to handle. Whenever Karen's rear got too close I gave it a long, sweeping lick right up the middle. She would jump and move onward with a giggle.

*****

Sue had been right about the shade and the view. The sun had begun to get hot on my back and shoulders while I was rowing. But here with a light breeze it was mild and cool. Looking to the east, the way we had come, you could see the lake. Across it was the cabin. We were on a level with the far treetops. You could see for literally miles. It was quite a beautiful view. We stood just looking for a while.

Karen stretched her arms high over her head and bent backwards, rising up on her toes. Sue and I both looked at her. I don't know about Sue but I thought that was beautiful too. The muscles in her legs and buttocks were tight and smooth, her back arched, breasts high and full, nipples still hard and erect, head back and arms arching high. She was absolutely stunning.

I put my hand on her back just above her ass and rubbed it upward for a few strokes. Karen sighed and straightened up. She picked up the blanket and handed one end to Sue. They moved farther up to a level spot under a large oak and spread the blanket out on the grass.

I turned back to the worldview for a few more minutes. When I turned back both girls were reclining fully on their backs, side by side. I stood looking. I started to compare their respective charms, but found I really couldn't. They were each perfect as their selves. Different for sure, but subtle differences, every part fit its owner, as it should. I just stared openly and drank them in.

I stared for a long time, lost in memories and thought. The body was there, the lights were on, but no one was home. The sound of Karen's voice jerked me back.

She was up on her elbows. "What are you doing still standing there with that basket in your hand? You can put it down and join us if you'd like. There's room by Sue."

As I sat down, Sue's eyes opened and she smiled. I gave her a quick kiss. As I pulled back, her arm snaked up around my neck and pulled me back for a longer, far deeper kiss. I rested on my elbow and arm while my other hand explored her upper body using the Braille system. 

As I explored lower I discovered something odd about Sue. She had two heads. That or my wife was kissing her abdomen. I wandered my hand back north into the hill country.

Sue moaned lightly into my mouth, not breaking the kiss. I felt her body shift and the arm around my neck tightened. After a minute or two her breathing became deeper and panting like through her nose. 

Her arm eased up off my neck and I slowly broke the kiss and nibbled her soft wet lips. She whimpered then gasped. I could stand it no longer, so I moved just far enough so I could look down the length of Sue's body.

Her chest heaved, breasts swaying. Her stomach rippled and hips jerked. Her legs were high in the air and spread wide. I could see the top of my wife's head moving slowly and then quickly. After another full minute, her face came up into view. It was slick, shiny, and wet. Her eyes were wild.

She saw me watching her and grinned from ear to ear. She looked like a Cheshire cat. She stuck out her tongue and slowly lowered her face to Sue's sex. Our eyes stayed locked until Sue's body broke the contact. Every time her face came into view after that she was looking at me. I continued to stroke and caress Sue's upper body.

With a big arching of her back, Sue let out a long drawn out groaning moan. Closing her thighs tightly about Karen's head, she lowered her feet and pressed her sex up hard into Karen's face. Karen's head continued to move as Sue opened her legs slightly.

"Honey... I've never... tasted or felt... anything like this. I've often... wondered if you... really liked to go... down on me. I love it... when you do. But I've... wanted to know... if it did... anything for you. Now I know," she said between licks and kisses as she lapped up the sticky fluids covering Sue's sex and thighs.

Sue just lay there breathing hard and fast, as if she had just ran the three-minute mile. I kissed her forehead and brushed her closed eyelids with my lips. There was a tear running from the outside corner of each eye. I licked at the one closest to me. It was warm and salty. I kissed her forehead again.

Karen moved up to the other side of Sue and licked the other tear before it reached Sue's ear. Karen kissed her on the cheek. As she moved back, Sue grabbed her by the back of the head and kissed her like a wild woman. It was a long and passion filled kiss. Only Sue's need to breathe deeper, slowed, and then stopped it.

We just lay there for a long time, Karen and I smiling at each other and stroking Sue softly. Sue, just breathing, with her eyes closed. She slowly got her breath back to a more normal pace. Still she lay there. I thought she had fallen asleep.

She spoke very slowly and quietly. "I thought last night in the shower was something but this... Unbelievable. Last night was my first time. Today, the thought that it was another woman... added that much more to it. I've always considered myself totally heterosexual. Now... I don't know what to think. Somehow I don't really care. I just know that I love you both... Completely, without shame... I am baring my soul to you both." 

She took several long shuddering breaths. "By my father's name I give myself body and soul to you. To do as you please, need or want. I am yours. If you want me?"

Karen and I moved as one, she kissing one cheek and me the other. Karen whispered, "Sue, we want you, sweetheart. We have both come to love you deeply. You have become one with and of us. We would have it no other way."

"I concur totally with my wife. Earlier you called her "first mate." If she agrees we will both call you "second mate" and welcome you into the family. We both love you and want you with us."

"I think that's a great idea, even if you did think of it," Karen said leaning across Sue to kiss me. When we finished, she kissed Sue, as she had kissed me. I did the same.

"Now that that is settled," Karen said and then thought for a moment and chuckled to herself. "I think we both just got married again, my first love. Now we have two anniversaries to celebrate. Our first honey moon was great, but this one should be something else."

"That's for sure. This bride can have both sets of lips kissed at the same time. And I think she just did," I said with a grin.

"You've kissed both sets of her lips and so have I, but I've been short changed a set of kisses," Karen laughingly said.

Sue eased up from between the two of us, grabbed Karen's legs, and started to spread them wide. "I can fix that real quick."

I rose and move over behind Sue and took Karen's feet, one in each hand. Sue knelt between Karen's legs and held her face close to Karen's sex. She inhaled deeply and slowly blew into the wide-open and flooded slit. Karen wiggled her ass. 

Sue blew again, stuck out her incredible long tongue, and shyly took a small lick at Karen's clit. Karen's ass jumped. Sue went lower and took a full firm lick of the wet surface from ass hole to clit. Karen groaned and placed a hand on Sue's head. Encouraged, Sue kissed, licked, and sucked everything in reach.

I released Karen's feet to the ground and moved down along side her so I could stroke and pet her, alternating between kissing her and watching Sue's feast. I watched in fascination the first time Sue ran her long tongue up inside Karen. That tongue had to be five inches or more long and that was just what I could see.

I had to sit up more to see well. Every time it entered Karen's sex she would arch her whole body, with only her head and heels touching the ground. I stood and straddled Karen facing Sue. The next time Karen's body raised, I placed my hands under her hips and lifted, holding her lower body up. 

I looked down between my own legs to see Karen's eyes squeezed tightly shut and her mouth wide open. A loud whine was building from deep within her chest and her head was whipping back and forth. 

I started to tell Sue how much Karen liked to have her clit bit when she was about to climax, but changed my mind. It was more fun to learn things like that for yourself.

Karen was singing a long "a" by now. Then she yelled, "Suck my clit! Harder... harder... bite it... Bite it hard. Make it hurt... Yes! Yes! Oh hell yes!"

With that she exploded. Her hips jerking and bucking so hard, I feared I would either drop or hurt her. With Karen's thighs jammed tight around Sue's ears it could break her neck, so I held on.

When Karen calmed and released Sue's head from its death grip, I lowered her to the blanket. Her face was slack, eyes closed, and her mouth open. It scared me. She was so still. I reached to her neck and found a pulse. It was hard and pounding. 

I lay down beside her and lifted her head onto my arm. Sue's face appeared from where her head had been resting on Karen's mound. It was as wet and wild as Karen's had been earlier. She looked at me hard.

I said, "It's all right she's just passed out. Congratulations, that's a first in its own right. She'll be around in a little while. Come cuddle on the other side."

She did so, saying, "I know what she's going through, and I almost did the same thing. I also know what she felt when she finished with me, a little strange but proud. To make someone get off that hard is a power trip."

"Yes, I know. Women react differently then men when it comes to the big O. It's more prolonged and somehow more totally absorbing and sensual. A man gives a few quick squirts and its over in seconds. A woman can go on and on. They're like that damn pink rabbit, but we love them and need them." I paused.

"Women are usually on the receiving end of sex, rather than the control end. Most like it that way. Although sometimes it better to give than receive. It sure can be a power trip and a big turn on when I can make Karen and or you come, hard and long. It's more fulfilling for me in a way, than just sexual release. It's a mental thing."

Karen made a soft noise. I kissed her softly, followed by Sue. She slowly opened her eyes and batted them against the light. She closed her legs and stretched them out. "What happened?"

"You want a full recap or just the capsule version?" She just stared at me, so I continued, "The short of it is you came so hard, you went. You passed out, dear."

Sue put in, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to hurt you. I was just returning what you gave me."

"Oh, it didn't hurt in the least. The pleasure was phenomenal and all mine. I assure you, I enjoyed every second of it. That damn tongue of yours is dangerous. In some places, it would be considered a concealed weapon. And it went to some places in me that no one has gone before. With a tongue that is." She smiled at me. "I love your wide one but hers has you out gunned. Although I can't help but wonder what the two together would be like."

As sue and I started to move at the same time, Karen yelled, "Whoa, not now, for Pete's sake, not now. I couldn't handle it... I can just visualize the headlines now "Couple weds other woman at noon. Original wife's killed at one thirty. Husband and new wife jailed. Murder weapons sought. Couple not talking and keeping mouths shut." Everyone laughed or giggled.
