 I became aware of a bright light moving slowly in the dark woods. No, it was two lights. The sound of a car engine reached me. I brought the chairs front legs down to the porch and stood up. I took a long slow stretched, then a swallow of the beer in my hand. It was warm.

The lamps were lit in the house. I wondered where Sue was and who was coming in the road. I went to the door and called Sue's name. An answer came from the kitchen. As I entered the house, Sue came through the kitchen door. She was once again nude. 

"Well, it's nice to have you back," she said with a smile. "You were so peaceful, and happy looking I didn't want to disturb you."

"Thank you, I seemed to have been wandering down memory lane. But what I came to tell you is that there's someone driving in, on the road."

"That's Karen. She called while I was in the kitchen getting you a beer. We had a talk and she took care of some business for me. Also, for us all." 

I gave her an inquiring look. "We'll tell you about it when she gets here."

"Ok, I can wait.... Where is that beer? This one got hot."

"I drank it. There's another in the ice box." She replied with a grin.

She turned back to the kitchen and I followed. "I take it from your mode of dress, we aren't going anywhere soon," I said.

She grinned broadly. "You could say that."

I got a beer out of the box and opened it. I heard a car door slam as I got another beer and opened it. I headed for the front porch. 

"Secrets, always secrets. What do you expect? They are women after all," I muttered to myself.

"I heard that," Sue said, as she followed me to the front door.

I handed Karen a beer as she topped the steps. There were kisses and hugs all around as we talked of Karen's day and ours. She told Sue that she wanted all the delicious details. She was grinning at both of us. She noticed our different forms of dress or undress.

"What's with the clothes?" She asks me.

Sue broke in. "I haven't had a chance to talk to him. He was relaxing and day dreaming on the porch when you called." Looking at me with a grin, she finished. "He had a hard, hard day. He's also in the dark, where he should be."

Both my ladies laughed at my expense. I just shook my head and waited. Enlightenment would come in its own sweet time. The girls had either something planned or some news that made them happy. I could wait.

Karen started undressing and I decided I should to. When we were both bare, she hugged and kissed me again, wiggling and rubbing against me. Then she turned and did the same for and to Sue.

"That's better and the way it should be." She stated. "Do I smell food cooking?"

"I started a meal." Sue replied, "Let's put your stuff up and head for the kitchen, it should be almost ready."

We put our clothes away in the bedroom and headed for the kitchen. Karen looked at Sue, winked, and said, "Honey. Dear. Why don't you go on back out to the porch and relax some more. We'll call you when supper is ready."

"Ok, if one of you nice, sexy ladies will be a dear and bring me another beer. I can pay for it. If kisses are good currency," I said smiling and heading for the door.

Karen called, "Kisses are good, but there's some stuff in the car to be unload, in the trunk and on the back seat. Good and obedient slaves aren't paid but they do get rewards though."

"Slave, you're sweet and spicy asses!" I mumbled as I close the door.

Together the girls said, "We heard that!" and laughed at me and at themselves.

Draining the last swallow of my warm beer, I headed down to the car. The back seat was piled high. I opened the trunk and it was stuffed. I looked the bags, boxes, and sacks over. There was enough stuff here to set up house keeping in style.

I was still looking when Karen brought my beer and set it on the table. She collected the empty and said, "Just stack it in the corner of the living room for now. We will sort it and put it away later. There's no hurry."

Watching her return into the house, I whispered to myself, "No hurry?" All three of us were supposed to be at work early tomorrow. I shook my head and took her words at face value. I grabbed a load and headed up the steps.

*****

I had worked up a fair sweat by the time I finished with the last load. I closed the car up and returned to the porch for the beer. I took a long pull and inventoried, mentally, what I had hauled. It was mostly things for the kitchen and bathroom. Most of it I recognized as from Karen's and my home. 

Some had to be from Sue's apartment. It wasn't new anyway. There was also clothing and two boxes of pictures and knick-knacks. Again, from home and Sue's house.

I was confused, and as they said in the dark. We seemed to be setting up a joint home here. Well, that made sense, but why spend the time today rounding all this stuff up. We had plenty of time later to do that while we were in the city. We could move it a little at a time on the weekends. We would be coming up here quite often, if I'd read things right.

Sue and Karen came onto the porch and walked over to me. "He worked hard enough to break a sweat," said Karen. 

Sue leaned up close and licked my throat and across my collarbone to my shoulder. "He tastes all salty and yummy."

Karen licked me from my right nipple to the ear. "Yes, quite yummy, if you prefer the manual labor types."

I stuck the cold beer bottle to her butt. She jumped with a gasping yell. Sue laughed. I said, "Sorry, you know how uncouth, us manual laborer are." Sue laughed harder. Karen kissed me.

"Well is my burnt cow and fried taters ready, woman? I worked up an appetite today. Toting those barges and lifting those bales is hard work. Keeping you two horny toads satisfied is too... but I sure wouldn't trade places with anyone in the world."

I grabbed both of them, hugged, and rubbed my sweaty body all over them, laughing. They laughed with me. I kissed one and then the other several times. The girls pulled away and walked together toward the door.

"I hate to tell you but there's no cow, burnt or other wise, and no taters either. You will eat spaghetti or nothing, and you had better smile while you do it. Otherwise you'll wear it," Sue said with a sweet smile over her shoulder.

"Go wash up and come and get it before we throw it out to the hogs. That is, if we had hogs," Karen added.

I headed for the shower and a quick rinse. When I arrived at the table, they were already seated. The spaghetti was excellent. We ate in silence for the most part. We were all famished. We finally started to slow and then quit, each, as they were full.

We all had eaten too much. We just sat back and relaxed, teasing each other about how much we had put away. I asked if anyone wanted a beer. Only me, so I went and got it, bringing the pitcher of iced tea for the girls.

When I was reseated, Karen looked at Sue and then at me saying, "Well, do you want the good news or the bad news first?"

I thought a moment and shrugged. "Whatever."

"Well, I went to the meeting and it was a total bore, a bunch of over educated idiots trying to decide a question that was useless and of no consequences, as usual. I sat there and really listened to this trash for a while, then I made an excuse, and left. It had nothing to do with my department anyway."

She took a long draw on her tea. "I went to the phone, called the answering service, and gave them the message you got. What the message did not say was that I quit and told the whole bunch what I thought. I basically told them to shove it. It felt great."

She waited. Sue was smiling. I said. "Ok, if that's what you needed or wanted to do. It's fine with me. Where or even, if you work is always up to you. You're good enough to get another job and a better one to boot."

Karen smiled and looked at Sue. "That's two bucks. Want to quit now?"

Sue said, "It ain't over yet. I'll let it ride."

Karen proceeded, "After I talked to Sue, I called your boss and told him, you, and Sue both quit also. He wasn't at all happy about it either, anal retentive... I suppose."

I just stared at her with my mouth open. The gears of my mind stripped and whirled for a beat or two then re-engaged. "Well... ok. Uh.... Well... I guess that's all right also.... We've got a little saved and we can..."

Sue broke up. Karen sputtered trying to hold her face straight then joined her. I thought they would roll on the floor. I also thought they had gone crazy, but then who really expects logical behavior from an emotional being. The two species diverge, yet again.

I just sat and stared for a while. The mirth was genuine and heart felt. I just shook my head, smiled, and then chuckled softly myself. I really had no idea what was so funny, but I would go along with the pair of them anywhere, anytime.

After a while they subsided. Still chuckling and smiling they eyed each other. "That's four," said Karen.

"I yield to my better or at least my more experienced spouse. You win," Sue said, getting up from the table and stepping behind Karen. 

Sue put her arms around her, kissed her on the cheek, and then remained standing with her hands on Karen's shoulders. "Shall we give him the bad news now?" Sue asked, looking at me and grinning.

"Why not, we can't do any worse with it than with the good news. He is as confused as is good for him. Let's, let him off the hook."

Karen tilted her head back and Sue kissed her. They drew it out, stalling. "Shall I?" Sue finally asked.

"It's your news; I wouldn't even attempt to tell him," Karen said slowly.

"Do you remember the time I took off, several months ago?" When I nodded, she continued, "I told everyone that my mom was sick and I had to take care of family business. That was true but not like everyone thought." 

She took several long deep breaths. "She had a mental break down. The strain of her social life and the burden of running daddy's companies were too much.... She had sold off the retail stores but still had the factories and manufacturing faculties.... To make it short, she was hospitalized." Sue walked back to her chair and sat down. She filled her tea glass and took several sips.

"Well, drop the other shoe, for Pete's sake," I said.

She smiled and Karen laughed and said, "She's learning fast and she's going to be a chip off the old block."

Sue said, looking at Karen, "I thank you." 

Then she looked back at me. "Daddy's will gave me this place and a small trust fund if I went back to school or wanted to start a business. The rest went to mother.... There was however stipulations of her ownership.... They had to do with how the business was handled and how the profits were to be doled out."

She sipped her tea again. I moved in my chair. "Ok... ok. There was another trust fund that I was not to know about until something happened to mother. While I was at the hospital with her, dad's old lawyer and best friend showed up. He told me about it and told me, I was also now entitled to it."

She looked from me to Karen and then back. "I haven't even told you this Karen...." She stretched the pause out. 

When Karen and I both fidgeted, she went on, "We are rich... maybe not filthy, but we can live comfortably off just the interest. From what you have told me Karen, our combined incomes have nearly tripled."

She sat back and downed the rest of the tea. Karen and I sat there looking at each other and her. Nothing was said for a long moment. Then Karen and I tried to talk at once. Stopped and started again, still on top of each other.

Sue smiled broadly and looked at us both. The she began to laugh. We shut up and sat looking at her. When she subsided, she said, "That's one for me," and made a marking motion with her finger in the air.

We still stared, so she continued, "This is my wedding present to you both and to myself.... We can stay here or anywhere we want. We are free. We've got it all."

Karen and I both opened our mouths then shut them. I made a bowing motion to her. Karen said, "I thought we were going to start a business of our own, one and only hubby there, being the chief designer and artisan. You doing the assembly and me running the office and rounding up customers."

"We can if that's what we want. There is no limit. That's all I'm trying to say." Sue replied.

Karen said, "If we can figure out a cottage industry, we can all put up with, we can work from here. No offices, no staff, and no problems."

Looking at me for a moment, Sue's smile abated. "You haven't said anything."

I looked from her to Karen and back several times. They both watched me. "Maybe I shouldn't have given up on the bets early," Sue said mildly.

I licked my lips and opened my mouth. Then shut it.... Quietly I said, "I'm still trying to assimilate this whole thing.... I don't know what to say or even what to think... the whole deal sounds great.... But I just don't know...." 

They both watched me. 

"I'll have to think this though very, very carefully.... I'll have to weight the pros and cons...."

They waited. I waited until one of them started to speak. "Well, after long and diligent thought and deliberation...." I drew the pause out intentionally.

They both shouted "What!" and then talked over each other.

I laughed and slapped the table. They looked at me and quieted. "I love the idea of us being together all the time. I love the fact that we can be here, together. I love you both. I think we are all crazy for even having to have this conversation." 

I tilted back my head and yelled, "Yahoo," and then gave a rebel yell.

They looked at me as if I was crazy when I had finished. They looked at each other and broke up. I joined in. We sat and discussed what the future would and could bring for several hours.

Many ideas were put forth and each of us gave our opinions of their merit or lack there of. The theme that ran through them all was that we were to be together, live here, live in the style we wanted, and for us all to be happy.

One of the first things put forth, was why do anything at all. I pointed out it would be nice but we would become bored before to long. We needed something to do that would challenge us and keep us sharp.

Businesses, hobbies, and other sorts of projects were debated. We came up with nothing that we could all agree on. Some were too trivial and some were too involved, too many people and or personal outside contact. We did not want to be hermits by any means. We just wanted to deal with the world and the people in it on our own terms.

We eventually decided not to decide. We had all the time in the world. We would sleep on it before discussing it again. Anyway, we had to welcome Karen home.

*****

We cleared the table and cleaned the kitchen in high humors. When we were finished, we headed for the shower. Karen wanted to wash the city off and Sue and I volunteered to assist her in any and every way. On the way Karen stopped to rummage through the boxes, she had brought.

Sue and I got the shower set and were washing each other when Karen opened the door and joined us. We put her between us and soaped her up with a lot of caresses and kisses. It ended with a general everyone soaping everybody else.

We did our ritual drying of each other and the brushing of hair. We headed for bed. Sue and I cuddled Karen between us. I was drained after the last three days, but knew that Sue and I could satisfy Karen orally. Karen had a surprise of her own for us.

Sue had started kissing Karen from one side and I kissed her on the other. We covered her face, shoulders, neck, and chest with kisses, nibbles, and licks. We end up working on a breast apiece, our hand roaming her lower body and thighs.

Our hands met over Karen's bare sex. We teased and stroked as her legs eased open wide. Sue teased her clit while I teased and then entered her wet opening. I worked two fingers in and stroked them in and out slowly. Karen moaned and flexed her hips.

I slid down and replaced Sue's hand with my mouth and tongue. As I sucked and licked, I heard Karen, ask Sue to get the small box on the floor by the bed. She did and opened it. I raised my head to see what was in it also.

There was an assortment of sexual toys. Some I had used on Karen in the past. There were quite a few I had never seen before and a couple I wasn't sure what they were for. I reached over, took two of Karen's favorites from the box, and moved farther down the bed.

The one I inserted in her vagina first was nine inches long and about one inch thick, an inch longer than I was but not as thick. She wiggled and raised her hips as it entered the slick, wet channel of her sex. Sue watched as it disappeared into Karen, licking her lips. 

When it was fully seated, I slowly moved it in and out. Sue watched a moment longer and returned to kissing Karen. She finished the kiss and moved to Karen's breasts. Karen was lifting and rotating her hips to the sliding motion of the rubber phallus.

I started to move so I could return my mouth to Karen's clit but Sue was kissing and licking her way down Karen's stomach. I removed the other dildo I had warning under my stomach and withdrew the first.

The one I held now was only one inch at the tip but a full four inches at the base. It was only seven inches long but was studded over the whole length. There was a side prong coming off the base. It was about one inch in diameter and smooth. Slightly flexible over it's five-inch length.

I inserted it slowly with the prong up. As the little studs rubbed against the opening and walls of Karen's now open and sopping sex, her hips gave quick short jerks. The prong slid up the trench of her open slit to bump then slid over her clit. Her hips jerked hard.

It reached its full depth. I rotated it from side to side gently. Karen groaned again. Sue had reached Karen's mound when I started. She had stopped and watched the dildo enter Karen and Karen's reaction. Her eyes were wide and she was licking her lips again.

I moved my hand back and forth sawing at Karen's tender inner flesh. Her ass was in constant motion now. Sue was mesmerized. It dawned on me that she had never used toys before. On the next outward stroke, I reversed the prong to the bottom, and slid it between Karen's ass cheeks. It slipped smoothly through the wet fluid that had run down from her flooded vagina. The tip bumped over Karen's puckered anus.

She moaned again, her hips still in motion. After three or four strokes, this way, Karen slid her feet up, raising her knees. She raised her ass high off the bed. I tilted the thick base of the dildo down with one hand and lined up the prong with Karen's anus with the other.

Sliding the phallus forward, I pressed the prong into Karen's tight anus. It popped in. I continued to move it forward until both sides were fully in. Sue had moved her head closer to watch. Karen completely lower body was jumping and jerking.

I imparted a fast, short sawing motion to the dildo. Karen's hips went wild. Sue snapped out of her spell, when I reached for Karen's clit. Sue dropped her mouth and lips to it but never took her eyes off what I was doing.

Sue's touch on Karen's clit set her off. With a yell and a thrashing of her hips, she came once, then a second time, in rapid succession. I continued to move the dildo the same way but added a circular motion. Karen went on coming, long and hard.

Karen raised her upper body, placed a hand on Sue's head, and stopped my hands. She was still twitching and jerking. Sue and I stopped and waited. I withdrew the rubber phallus. Sue reached out slowly and pulled it toward her mouth. She sucked and licked the length of the studded shaft.

She was moaning softly as she did. Her eyes were closed. When she had finished, I placed the two toys between the pillows and move up along side Karen. I kissed her lips and forehead.
