 After lunch, we lounged around and took a long walk in the forest. Everyone was happy and having a marvelous time talking and pointing out different things to each other. There was a multitude of narrow sandy roads winding through the woods, in and out of the shade. 

The heat of the bright sun was in direct contrast to the cool of the shade on our skins. We caressed, hugged, and kissed as the moment, wanted, or need indicated. The sun was low behind our marriage hill as we launched the boat and headed back across the lake.

*****

The girls headed for the cabin while I stored the boat away. I stood on the end of the dock watching the sun set behind the hill in a band of orange and gold. They returned to lean against me, joining me in silent contemplation. As the stars brightened in the sky over head, the air started to take on a chill. Still silent, we turned and made our way to the house.

We moved around lighting the lamps. I headed for the kitchen telling the girls to relax while I made a light supper. As I rummaged around the cabinets, seeing what was available, I came across a bottle of Jack Daniel's and another of Crown Royal. I fixed three drinks and headed for the living room. Karen was sprawled on the couch looking as comfortable as a tabby cat. 

"Where is Sue?" I asked as I bent to kiss her.

"In the shower," She replied taking a sip of her drink. "That's good, thanks. Take hers in to her, she will appreciate it."

I tapped on the shower door. Sue opened it, took the drink, and gave me a quick kiss.

She took a long pulled, paused, and then said, "Thanks, I needed that." 

When she paused again, I started to turn, but turned back as she said, "By the way, I've told this to Karen but I want to tell you also. I meant what I said on the hill earlier. It wasn't just the heat and passion of the moment. I meant it, from the bottom of my heart. The only person I've ever loved as much as I do you two was my father. But that was a different kind of love with a lot of hero worship mixed in."

Another pause, this time shorter, and I waited. "I wanted to say, thank you for accepting my love and loving me in return. I made a promise to Karen and I now make you the same one. I promise never to try to come between, interfere, or in any way hurt the bond you two have. I hope to strengthen and join that bond. If things just don't work out to all of our advantages, wants, and needs then I will leave your lives and cause no more of a problem. I swear on my father's memory."

I stood and looked at her as she stood in the shower door and took a sip of my own drink and then a stronger pull on it. "Sue, my darling and now number two wife, I know that the words you spoke were from your heart and with totally honest. If you know in your heart that Karen's and my words were the same, then the promise is not necessary. I understand the spirit it is given in. I thank you. I love you... more and more." I gave her a kiss and turned away.

To my back, Sue said, "That's the same thing Karen said." Then I heard the shower door click shut.

*****

Karen was sitting up when I returned to the living room, with a smile on her face. "You heard I take it." She nodded and stood. I took her in my arms and we kissed long and deep.

After a while, Karen pulled back slightly and said, "As I've gotten to know Sue over the last couple of years, we've talked a lot. I knew a lot more about her and her life than you did or do. As the plans for this weekend grew, in the back of my mind was a tiny, unrecognized hope that the outcome would be the way it is now...." 

After the pause she went on, "As well as I thought I knew you, I couldn't be completely sure of your reaction. I've tried to be gentle, breaking it to you as easy as I could. Things got completely out of control today. I apologize for not talking it over with you first... but things have worked out better than I had any expectation they would." She kissed me again.

This time I pulled back. "I love you! Even if you are a scheming, brazen hussy, who knows me far better than I know myself. Yesterday, I wondered how far this was going and what my place was going to be. I was worried about the effect this weekend would have on our relationship and us. I now think we are better than ever and our bond is stronger than it was. Mentally I'm still working on my niche, but that will come with time.... I feel we have taken on a large responsibility, not only to ourselves, but also to Sue.... Is it me and my denseness, or is her sexual education and experience, shall we say lacking, for want of a better word?"

"You've hit the right word on the head. I don't know the whole story, I never asked, as she's never really seemed ready to tell me.... When it's time, she'll tell one of us."

"Would now be all right?" Sue asked from the bedroom door. "I didn't mean to ease drop. I just thought I shouldn't interrupt you, so I waited in the bedroom."

"That's all right, Sister Sue. I was just confessing my plotting to my.... Our husband. If you didn't hear it all, I'll recap for you."

"I heard enough to understand. I'll repay you one day. You seem to know me better than I do, also. Thank you. You probable stopped or solved more problems than you know. I was falling hard for... our husband and having a hard time reminding myself there was no poaching allowed. I was also having a problem with my thoughts and dreams of you. That's why I was so eager to go along with you on this weekend. Although, I tried as hard as I could not to show it. I don't believe my good fortune. I can have my cake and eat her or him too." Sue took a deep breath.

"That's part of what I was explaining to Mark. You weren't the only one with dreams. As far back, as our first day's sunbathing nude together, I've looked at your body and had erotic daydreams. You're the first and only woman I've ever had thoughts about.... Our hubby doesn't know it but he owes you dearly for some of the hottest sex he's had over the last two years."

"Karen, my dearest first mate. You may owe her a little bit yourself, if the whole truth is to be told. I've always tried to be a perfect gentleman where our dear Sue is concerned, but my mind is a dangerous place. You two aren't the only ones with fantasies to confess." 

We all looked at each other with frank looks. Slowly smiles then grins appeared on all our faces. There was an understanding among the three of us. I hugged the two wonderful ladies in my life at the same time. We shared kisses all around.

"Let's head for the kitchen and finish that light supper our husband started. While we're doing that, I can talk about some things neither of you know the whole story of. Most of it's not dark or bad. There are a couple of things that will be hard to talk about," Sue said, as we broke apart to catch our breaths.

*****

We trooped into the kitchen as I explained, "I only got as far as the drinks and a partial inventory of what's available. Then I got side tracked."

"Men! They have an excuse for everything. This one's a little better than most. However, he's had the benefit of years of training by a good woman or two. Namely me and his mother," Karen said to Sue as she rifled the icebox for salad parts.

Sue and I were liberating the pasta and fixings to go along with it.

"Speaking of training, that would be a good place for me to start," Sue said putting the pasta on to boil. I retrieved our glasses and mixed another round. 

"You know some about my parents. They were total opposites, even more so, as my dad's companies started to grow and pay out. Mother loved the city and the top of high society was her goal. Daddy's money was good for the climb. Dad was a simple man at heart who loved me, his companies, and this place, in that order, most of the time. As busy, as they both were, I split my time between school and a large number of nannies. There was talk about boarding school, but daddy put his foot down and said no. Although, shortly after that, I started a very exclusive private school, I was in the third grade as I remember."

I passed out the drinks as she continued, "Over the years, I spent as much time here as I could, with my dad. I learned all about the woods and lakes and all they contained. All about woodworking and tools and the care of both. A lot about ethics and fair play, also. School and mother took care of the social graces. The school was all girls, and mother refused to discuss men or boys with a growing determination. If or when I did have contact with the opposite sex, it was broken up and nipped in the bud as quickly as it came to my mother's attention. All the staff, which kept growing and changing, had strict orders on the matter."

Karen had finished the salad. Sue drained the pasta and put it in a big bowl. I had finished the spinach and egg, with cream sauce topping and was opening the wine. While Karen set the table, Sue and I brought in the food and wine. When we were seated, Sue reached a hand out to each of us. Karen and I joined hands to complete the circle.

"May the circle remain stable and complete for evermore. Each of us, are individuals but part of a whole and love filled unit within the circle," Sue said looking from my face to Karen's.

When she finished, Karen said, "There is truth in that."

All I said was, "Yes, there is."

After a pause, we started our meal. Sue said, "I'll finish my story after we're through, if that's all right. Anyway, part of it is not fitting for meal time."

We passed the rest of the meal in quiet small talk. When we finished we cleared everything to the kitchen and put it in order. "Why don't you two get a quick shower while I finish drying these few dishes and put them away?" Sue suggested.

As Karen and I were scrubbing each other, we heard a noise. I opened the shower door and looked out. Sue had a panel off one side of the hot tub and was working inside the opening. Hearing the sound of the door, she glanced up. 

"I'm just turning up the heater and the pumps on. I figured a good soak would do everybody some good."

"Sounds good to me," I said returning to the shower and Karen.

By the time, Karen and I finished and I had made another round of drinks, the hot tub was hot and steaming. We climbed in with assorted oh's and ah's. We settled ourselves, sitting fairly close together with our legs intermixed. Sue was in the middle. 

I don't know if this was planned or just the way it happened. On my part, I was thinking of what Sue had said at the table and thought this might be for the best. Looking at Karen's face, I could see little indicators of concern there.

When we were relaxed and still, Sue started quietly, "The only boy I had much contact with was my cousin George. He was a couple of years older than me. He came out here to get out of the city and he also loved to hunt and fish. My dad didn't mind, he liked George well enough and I enjoyed his company."

"He was a little shorter than me but well built, not muscle bound but solid. He was cute. His features were almost feminine with his long hair. We had fun hiking, fishing, swimming, and all the things teens do when the weather is warm. During the winter, we hunted with dad or played games and read in the cabin. He was funny and sweet to talk to. He also listened well. He was always a friend and gentleman...." Sue got a far away look, as if she were somewhere or some when far away. It had a sad quality about it. 

"He sounds like he was a great kid. Just the type for a girl to get her first impressions of a boy from," I said and Karen agreed.

Sue looked up sharply and continued, "One weekend dad, George, and I came down late on a Friday night. I went to bed shortly after we arrived. I awoke late the next morning, showered, dressed, and went down stairs. There was a note from my dad on the refrigerator saying, he had been called back to the plant and would be late returning. Below it was another note reading simple "gone fishing" with a large "g" below." 

"I ate some cereal and decided to take a swim, so I went and put on my suit. A pink and black two-piece that had gotten smaller and tighter as the summer neared an end. I was eighteen and starting to fill out. I'd had my first period a few years before. It scared the hell out of me before one of my teacher's explained it and showed me what to do."

"You were a late bloomer. I remember my first but my mom had warned me and explained things in advance. I had begun to bud long before that," Karen said.

"You were lucky to have a mom that cared... but back to George." She took a deep breath. "I went for a swim and ended up sunning on the deck of the float. I had seen George in the boat at the far end of the lake earlier and waved. The sun was hot and I kept dipping water up, splashing myself, and rolling over from time to time. That old suit would creep up in the crack of my ass in back and down almost off my nipples in the front. I kept having to adjust it, with pulls and tugs."

"I was laying on my stomach when I felt a thump on the deck and rolled over to see George standing over me. All he was wearing was a pair of short cut off jeans. There was a large bulge in the front, but that didn't mean anything to me, other than to make me curious. I very innocently asked what he had in his pants. He laughed and asked if I wanted to see. I said "Sure why not," and he turned around." 

"I thought he meant to get it out. He was always bringing me things he had found and thought I might like. But he unzipped the shorts and wiggled a little to get out of them and then turned back around. My eyes must have been big and round. I could feel my cheeks and face get hot and knew I was blushing, bright red. I quickly turned around but could still see him in my mind."

"That must have been a shock. He brought you something all right. But did you like it?" I said trying to make a joke.

"This is not a joking matter," Karen said looking hard at me. 

"Sorry... I can and do appreciate the seriousness of the situation, even if I am a man. Don't hold it against me. We men, are a crass and sometimes tacky breed and it was only meant as a joke."

Sue looked up and smiled shyly, Karen gave me a tight smile. I decided to remain quiet and keep my opinions and smart remarks to myself for a while at least.

Sue started with a sigh, "I heard a loud splash and looked around to see George surface a short way out from the float. He swam over and put his arms on the side. His shorts were still on the deck a little ways beyond his reach. I picked them up and extended them toward him. He laughed and told me the cool water felt great on the hotter parts of his body. He asked me if I had ever been skinny-dipping."

"I said "No, never," and he said, "You should try it, you might like it. Anyway, you've seen mine and I want to see yours." I blushed slightly and said, "No." He swam around and splashed at me pleading and daring me. Telling me what a big baby, I was acting like."

"I got brave and stupid at the same time. I took a deep breath, dropped his shorts, loosened the necktie string of my suit, and slowly lowered it. I'd show him who was a baby." 

"He laughed and yelled "Yeah!" Then he told me how beautiful I was and how lovely my body was. I was flattered and I felt a rush of pride that someone, and a boy at that, thought I was beautiful. So, like him, I turned around and slipped out of the bottoms. He was quiet. When I turned around slowly, I felt like I was blushing all over. I tried to kind of cover up with my hands but I didn't have enough. Finally, I just dropped them to my sides. He just stared. His eyes were wide and his mouth was open. He closed his mouth and swallowed hard."

"I took two quick steps and dove into the cool lake. On my hot skin, the water felt cold, but as I swam hard in a tight loop back to the float, I adjusted to the temperature. I could feel the flow of the water over my breasts and the coolness on my hot sex. My nipples were so hard they hurt. Always before, I had a suit covering these areas. The cool slide of the water was exquisite. Also, the sense of freedom was heady. I had never felt this way before."

Sue paused as though caught up in the memory. There was a trace of a smile flickering at the corners of her mouth. Her eyes were focused on something we could never see.

"I reached the float and held on, keeping my body well down in the water. The slight bob of the float made my body move ever so slightly. My feet wanted to float to the surface, as if they had a mind of their own. I scissored my legs to stay in one place, which moved my body against the water more. The opening and closing of my legs forced water across my sex. Now it was not just the new areas exposed, but my whole body that was sensitized to the flow and tickling caress of the warm water. I was enjoying the experience immensely. Now that I was out of sight of George's eyes."

"I turned to tell George that, only to find him right next to me. He bent his head forward and brushed his lips against mine. He pulled back to look into my eyes, smiled, and did it again, this time harder and longer. I sensed that he knew as little about kissing as I did." 

"The next time he kissed me, he put his hand behind my head and pressed his lips harder and harder to me. It began to hurt. I twisted my head and told him so. I gentle kissed his lips and said that it was better the way he had started. He went back to that, but left his hand on my shoulder. My hand had moved to his chest without my knowing it."

"We held onto the deck with one hand and experimented with different kisses. My head was swimming all by itself. At some point, my tongue slipped into his mouth and teased his tongue. When it did, I felt his hand slid down to my back and gently pull my body tightly against his. My right leg moved on it's own to hook the back of his leg and pulled to increase the contact. His hot, throbbing manhood was pressed against my mound."

"We broke apart suddenly as, I think we both, realized what was happening. We both swam in large circles back to the float. We hung there breathing hard, on my part, not just from the exertion. We rested a few minutes, and then slowly began our normal horseplay of splashing and dunking each other. Wrestling around as kid will do."

"I still felt the ebb and flow of the water and was very conscious of each time our bodies brushed. The feelings the water produced were lessening, but the contacts of our bodies were causing feelings of their own. We had wrestled many times but I had never been as sensitive and cognizant of touches and brushes, grabs and holds. Now I was."

As she paused Karen said, "That sounds like a beautiful, first innocent encounter for you both."

I interjected, "That was very similar to my first kiss, in the pool at my best friend's house. It was with his older sister. I was seventeen and she was eighteen at the time, I think. It can be a very touching and touchy time. As I remember, I was scared to death and I had a suit on. At first, I thought I was going to shake to death. Then as we got into it, I had a jumble of feeling and impressions. It never happened again. She was an older woman fixing to start college and I was beneath her notice."

Sue was looking at me with a little smile and nodding gently.

Karen said, "Go ahead Sue, while this dirty old man contemplates the minor dalliances and conquests of his sorted and sorely departed youth."

I stuck my tongue out and replied, "Just remember you're in there somewhere. But I haven't decided weather you are a dalliance or a conquest as the wars still raging on."

She smiled a fake, forced, crooked smile, and stuck her tongue out at me. "I can only be a dalliance, as you well know."

Sue continued, "There's only a little more to tell but it will be the hardest.... Winded and laughing we moved to the ladder to get out to rest. George started to climb the ladder but paused and said for me to turn around. I told him I had already seen all there was, so what's the difference. He laughed and climbed on out with his manhood bobbing along before him. He flopped down on the deck on his side to watch me. The sight of his naked body was exciting and thrilling. I felt my nipples stiffen more and a tingling in my lower stomach. "
