 My wife's car is an older two door with the old style bench seats. It's old enough to be considered a classic and in great shape, but it's large and something of a gas hog. I've offered on several occasions to get her a new one, but Karen loves this car. She says it's big enough to be comfortable and she feels safe in it. By today's standards, only a Mack truck could hurt her or the car.

When I open the door for the girls, Karen made a big production of getting in, making sure to show lots of leg and thigh. Then it was Sue's turn. She wasn't going to be out done. She sat down, and then slowly moved her left leg up and in. With the sheath dress sliding up to give me a full view of her legs, the tops of her stockings, and a lovely closely trimmed bush. 

The folds of her sex lay open and moist. Her clit was raised above the outer lips and the hood was drawn back. I wanted to suck it into my mouth and ravish it with my tongue. She paused for several heartbeats before picking her right foot up off the driveway and placing it in the car.

As I got in behind the wheel, I noticed that Sue had not pulled the dress down. Karen had her right hand resting lightly on Sue's thigh above the top of the stockings. Interesting, I thought. Karen placed her left hand on my thigh as I backed out of the drive.

*****

On arriving at the restaurant, I was treated to the same show from Sue, only in reverse. When she stood up, she gently tugged the hem of her dress down while bending slightly forward, affording me a great view of and down the top of her dress. What there was of it.

"Did you get a complete inventory?" She asked as she straightened up.

"Oh yes, and quite a beautiful piece of work if I may say so. My complements to your parents for the fine architecture." She laughed and moved over to allow Karen to exit.

Karen turned slightly sideways and slid across the seat. As she slid, her dress climbed higher on her thighs. As her right foot touched the ground, she grasps the hem of the dress and raised it to give me a full view of her lower anatomy. 

The fact that the pubic hair had been completely removed, leaving her totally bare, I found to be a tremendous turn on. I could see every detail including the small movements of the lips as she rocked slightly to scoot father forward. Just before she dropped the hem, the lips started to part, allowing the inner lips to peek out, and her clit to start to rise.

She sat there for a few seconds looking into my eyes. Then she said, "You know that I've never done anything even remotely like that before in my life. We are in a very public place. It was such a rush and I'm sopping wet."

Sue, standing next to me, put her arm around my waist. "I'm feeling the same way. It's never even crossed my mind. Not only the exhibitionism, but also watching you do it. I'm having thoughts about a woman that I've never had before."

"What were you thinking, Sue?" Karen asked breathy.

After a slight pause, Sue answered "I wanted to fall on my knees and kiss and lick everything I could reach from your knees to your waist. God, did I say that?"

With a chuckle I said, "You'll have to wait in line, I saw it first."

Sue replied, "Bet me. Who do you think suggested that she shave it? I also did a close inspection to make sure it was a complete and thorough job. Just as she inspected my close trim."

"Its just part of my present to you," Karen said "Sue and I have been planning this weekend for several months now."

I reached into my coat pocket and came out with a four inch by seven-inch jewelry box. Handing it to Karen I said, "This is part of what I got for you. Another part is in my brief case. The third part was for us to spend a romantic weekend together."

The girls just looked at each other and smiled.

Opening the box, Karen gazed down on a gold bracelet with 10 small diamonds in the shape of a heart. "Oh, how beautiful. I love it and I love you," she said rising to hug and kiss me.

After the kiss ended, Karen moved slightly back and left, leaving her right arm around my waist, just above Sue's. I looked at Sue and told her, "I'm afraid I don't have anything to give you."

She smiled and replied, "You've already given me more than enough."

I must have had a funny look on my face because she continued, "You helped me keep my job and taught me to do it well, introduced me to my best friend, been a true and honorable friend in your own right. All of which I'm very grateful for. Also you gave me my first taste of a man."

My jaw must have dropped at that last statement. I know my mind was like a hamster in a wheel, spinning fast but not going far. That answered one of my earlier questions. But it also generated a whole bunch more. I knew for a fact that Sue was close to thirty-four years of age. Her first? I must have misunderstood. It wasn't something to be openly questioned, I decided. Not here anyway.

Karen's voice brought me out of my tailspin. "Are we going to eat or what? If we don't get a move on, the reservations will go to someone else. We're a little over dressed for McDonalds."

Karen shut the car door and we headed for the door of the restaurant. The girls still had their arms around me.

*****

Things were light and airy during our meal, just small talk. The food, wine, and service were excellent, as to be expected. Sue played footsy with my left leg, Karen with the right. We were having a good time, enjoying our own good company. I was slightly sorry the meal was over as I paid the check. The girls had left for the powder room.

I sat and thought about some of the things that had happened earlier. Karen smelling of my fingers after they had been dipped in Sue's wet slit. Sue's licking and sucking of my fingertips slick with Karen's juice. Then the statement Sue had made about the thoughts of going down on Karen at the car. I was fairly sure nothing had happened between them and also fairly sure that sooner or later something would. Of course there was the rest of the weekend, I thought as they returned.

As the girls walked in front of me, I watched the people we passed. Most all of the men paused eating and watched them sway by. A surprising number of women did the same. I smiled as I felt a surge of pride in both my ladies. 

"Both my ladies?" Where did that come from?

*****

Again I opened the car door for the girls. Again there was a lovely show for me. But there were some changes. Under Karen's dress, there was now, what appeared to be the bottom half of a light pink teddy showing. Under Sue's sheath was a pair of hot pink crotchless panties silhouetting her trimmed bush.

When I got in and started the car, Karen said, "It's your own fault. You are getting predictable in your old age."

"I'm not old... I just have high mileage, thank you."

After I pulled out of the parking lot and got headed south, Karen snuggled up to me, gave me a kiss on the cheek, and said, "That's all right, we love you anyway. Isn't that right Sue?"

"Minute by minute, hour by hour, more and more every day." With that statement the girls began to laugh and I joined in.

*****

A few blocks farther south I moved to the left lane, so I could turn and get on the east bound outer loop. Karen said, "Move back over and go west bound on the loop. The party is canceled; I have this terrible sick headache. Oh! Oh! The pain." she then put her head on my shoulder and covered her forehead with her right hand in mock anguish.

Sue laughed. "Sorry, boss. Those best laid plans of yours are being changed."

Karen lifted her head and looked at sue. "Laid, is a very good choice of words." Both girls laughed.

As we approached an interchange, Sue said "Take this freeway south."

"Ok," I said, "You ladies seem to know where you want to go."

Karen grinned and looked at Sue.

*****

Traffic was light. I had set the cruise control for 65. Karen was still cuddled up to me with her right hand absently stroking my right thigh, occasionally sliding across my hard hot groin. The hole in those briefs was so tight now my circulation was cut off, blood going in and staying.

Sue had gotten comfortable in the corner of the seat and door, drawing her left leg up onto the seat. It was resting against Karen's buttocks and thigh. When I glanced in her direction, I could just barely see a hint of hot pink, dark brown, and maybe a little pink at the edge of her dress. It was rapidly growing dark. I turned on the headlights and continued to drive south.

A few miles later, I shifted enough to put my arm around Karen's shoulders. I also needed to adjust the way my slacks were cutting off the rest of my circulation, so to speak. With my arm in this position I could also stroke the top and side of her right breast. Her skin was so soft and warm. She made a small sound about halfway between a hum and a purr. As I have learned through our years together, this is a pleasure sound. The deeper it is the more pleasure is involved.

Karen's hand moved up to my belt buckle and started to undo it. She unbuttoned the button underneath, and then eased the zipper down. As her hand move inside to grasp my manhood, I raised my ass slightly and gave a hum of my own, partly from pleasure and partly to again loosen the strain on the front of my slacks. As I did, she pulled gently up and out, removing me complete from the covering and confining cloth. 

At first she just held it, with her small hand around the base. She then started to move her hand up and down very slowly, with almost no pressure. I felt a feathery tickling sensation. I gave a low deep groan. She kept this up until she felt me start to tense up. Then she would stop and just hold the base again. I would relax and the process would start all over again. Thank the lord and mister Chrysler for cruise controls; otherwise we would have been doing 110.

This went on for considerable time, with me tensing quicker each time. Karen finally twisted and slid off the edge of the seat to her knees on the floor with her nearly bare ass pointed toward the dash. My right hand rested on the bare flesh of her upper back. 

She started to alternately lick and suck the hard, hot head at the end of the lance in her hand. After a few minutes of this, she tried to imitate Sue's feat of swallowing the whole length, about two thirds is all she could manage. She went back to sucking and licking the head. She then started to give a low humming growl. 

I glanced down, then over to look at Sue. I had forgotten about her, what with Karen's ministrations and all. She had turned sideways with her back to the door. Her stocking clad left foot was on the seat with her leg against the seat back. Her right leg had been spread farther toward the dash by Karen's ass. 

Her left hand moved slowly up and down and in small circles between her shapely thighs. Her eyes were on the back of Karen's head. Her right hand was out of sight behind my wife's ass but from the movement of her arm I could guess the reason for Karen's noises.

I wrenched my eyes back onto the road but the visions of what I had seen remained in my brain. With a loud groan, I shot my second load of the day. Karen was rocking back and forth on her knees, as she continued to suck; she also gave a groaning shudder. Releasing me from her mouth, she laid her head on my thigh and uttered a long sigh.

I looked over at Sue in time to see her upper body jerk in four or five quick spasms, then one long one.

As our breathing became more normal, Karen gave my manhood one last little quick kiss then returned me to my trousers. She sat up and Sue straightened up in the seat. "Wow! I think I blew a fuse. I know you did," Karen said, grinning at me.

I grinned myself. "I hate to say it, but I think Sue blew the biggest fuse of us all."

Seeing my wife's curious look, I described what I had seen both times I had looked at Sue. I saw the light dawn in her eyes as it sunk in that it wasn't my hand working in her nether regions.

With a big smile on her lips she turned to Sue. "I guess you're the one I need to thank for that mind numbing come."

"You're not upset with me?"

"Far from it. Here, give me a kiss." 

Sue leaned over to kiss Karen on the cheek. At the last moment Karen turned her head and planted one smack on Sue's lips. Sue pulled back and then leaning forward, she returned the kiss like she meant it.

Karen did something then that was probably the most out of character for her I had ever seen. She took Sue's left hand and sucked, and licked all the fingers clean. Sue's breathing got deeper, with little quiet gasps mixed in. 

When Karen finished, she licked her lips, turned to me, and said, "Pull over to the side and stop, darling."

When I had come to a full stop, Karen took my face in her hands and kissed me. She used lots of tongue. I caught a hint of a musky sweet taste in the kiss. Yummy!

Sitting back she said, "I don't know about you two but I have to pee, real bad. Scoot out sister, before you get wet."

Sue put on her shoes and opened the door, getting out. Karen opened the glove box and got the small roll of toilet paper she kept there for emergencies such as this. Sue stepped back as Karen hiked up her dress. I noted that the snap crotch on the teddy was already undone. After she took care of business she handed the paper to Sue.

Sue raised the sheath high enough to remove the crotchless panties, which she tossed to me. As she squatted, I brought them to my nose and inhaled deeply. They smelled of the same musky sweet scent that I had tasted on Karen's mouth and tongue.

Sue asked, "You need to go? If you do, do I get to hold it?"

I said laughing, "Right now it would take all three of us an hour to find it." Karen laughed. Sue looked at me funny, blinked, then giggled. 

I did get out though; I had to make repairs to my clothes. Dresses do have their advantages. Not that I'm going to try one. It would take two bush hogs all day to shave my legs. I said as much to the girls as they got back in. They were laughing loudly as we pulled back onto the interstate.

*****

Twenty minutes later, we had just passed an exit ramp to some small town, when Sue said, "Get off at the next exit, and go left at the stop sign."

As I got lined out on the new road, a small two lane black top, Karen asked Sue, "How much farther is it to the camp?"

"About 6 miles down this road, a left on the county road for 5 more, and then right on another county road for 3 miles. Then a left through the gate to the left another mile, 15 miles give or take a few yards."

"It's sure farther out in the country than I thought when we first talked about it."

"It's the night. Darkness makes it seem much more remote than it is. But just wait until we get onto the county roads, then on the road into the house. You'll really think you're in the sticks." Sue replied with a laugh.

She was right. The first county road was narrow and twisted, the second, fairly straight but gravel. When I pulled to a stop at the gate, Sue fished a set of keys from her purse on the back seat. She got out, unlocked the gate, and opened it. I pulled through and stopped again. She shut and re-locked the gate.

On returning to the car she said, "Take it slow on this road. I haven't been here for two or three months and I'm not sure what kind of shape it's in. Its mostly hard packed sand so there's not too much of a chance of getting stuck. But you never know."

She was right again. The road was good for the most part. Although in places it was rough or washed. Karen's car had good ground clearance, that is, for a car. With a little judicious driving and a few bottom scraps we rounded one last turn and arrived at the cabin.