 I opened my eyes but did not move. There was bright sunlight outside the window. I slowly rolled onto my back and winced at little twinges and pricks of stiff, slightly sore muscles. I stretched as many muscles as I could at one time and yawned.

"It's awake," I heard Sue's voice say from my left.

"More likely, returned from the dead," injected Karen.

I turned my head toward them, and then forced my body to follow. They were in the bathroom. Karen was putting on her makeup while Sue did her hair. Something wasn't right. Then I realized Karen had on clothes. Suddenly, I remembered, I was supposed to check out the jeep before she left.

I threw back the covers and started off the bed. Aches and pains nipped at me. I sat up to the voices of the rice crispy kids and stretched again. It helped.

Sue watched me and then said, "The hot tubs fired up. Come jump in, it will help. Karen and I have already had a dip. As soon as I finish this, I'll get you some coffee."

I stood up and stretched again. I got dizzy. I hobbled over to the tub and eased into the hot bubbling water. "Ah."

Sue leaned over and kissed me as she went by. "Did you have a hard day, yesterday?" She ask

"Yeah, there were these two horny toads that tried their best to kill me." I replied with a big grin.

"You're just out of shape, but Sue and I will fix that. Exercise is good for you. Lots of exercise," she shot back at me, with a like grin and both of them laughed.

Karen was right, even though she was joking. I had better get in shape or I was going to be an old man, quickly. Although it was a great way to go, I was not ready to leave yet. I was enjoying myself too much, even with the aches and pains. The hot water was easing those. Sue returned with a cup of coffee for me. I sat and sipped, watching the girls fuss over Karen's make up and hair.

Karen turned from the mirror and asked, "Well, what do you think?"

I just looked at her, moving my eyes over her face, hair, and figure. "Even with your war paint and clothes on, you're beautiful." 

She stuck her tongue out at me.

"I think we did a great job. You'll knock them dead at that old meeting," Sue said.

I had to agree. "You got that right. I'd better shake a leg and get to that jeep."

"No hurry," Karen broke in. "Sue has the office number. She can call if there is a problem. You just relax and let those sore muscles take it easy." She kissed me lightly and then wiped at the lipstick she had left.

"I'll take good care of him and loosen up those muscles," Sue said with a smile.

"I know you will, on both counts. Exercise is just what he needs." They both laughed again.

"I may even let him fish in peace... for a while, anyway. You had better be going, you don't want to be late."

"I'm sorry to say it, but you're right. I need to get a move on." She kissed me again."

Sue had her arm around Karen as they walked out of the room, one fully dressed, and one completely nude. I loved them both. I was saddened by the fact that Karen had to leave. I relaxed in the tub and slowly worked the soreness out of my muscles.

*****

Sue returned with the coffeepot and poured us both refills before she joined me in the tub. "A little more hot water won't hurt me a bit. I guess I'm a little bit out of shape myself."

"No darling, you're just getting broke in. You're body has been flooded with new experiences in the last few days." I told her.

"Experiences ain't the only thing I've been flooded with." She laughed. "This weekend has helped me in a lot of ways. It has cured or at least lessened many of my old problems. I feel great."

I smiled and kissed her. "Ain't that the truth?"

We talked and laughed until we were starting to turn into prunes.

"I'd better have a look at that truck," I said standing up slowly and twisting my back and shoulders. The stiffness and most of the soreness were gone. Sue climbed out with me and we dried each other off.

*****

As we headed out the back door, Sue took a key off a wall peg. She used this to open the shop doors. The shop was large and well equipped. Sue had been right about the jeep pickup. It was old and well used. I opened the hood and checked the oil, water, brake fluid, and battery water. They were all in good shape. Sue found the key in a box on the workbench. She got in the seat and tried the starter. All that happened was the start relay clicked and chattered.

Dead battery, I thought. We found a battery charger on a shelf and hooked it up. We let it charge for a while, then flipped it to the crank mode, and tried the starter again. The engine fired, sputtered, and coughed, then settled to a smooth hum.

Sue let it run for a moment then shut it off. "The alternator gauge is showing it's charging and the gas gauge shows three quarters full," she reported.

I found an air gauge and checked the tires. They were low. Sue brought the air hose and turned on the compressor. That solved that problem.

As I wiped my hands, Sue pointed to the far corner of the shop and said, "All the fishing gear is over there. Let's get what we need. I hear a fish calling my name."

We selected a rod apiece and rummaged through tackle boxes to see what was available for lures. There was just about everything you could think of, all nice and neat, sorted by types and colors.

"Your dad was a neat, well organized person and from what you've said about him, I wished I could have at least met him."

"My dad would have liked you to. You are both a lot alike. That's something I noticed the first time I met you. I think he would approve of you," she said with a shy smile.

"Yeah, that may be true, but I have the feeling he wouldn't approve of Karen and I leading his little girl into sin. Even if it's in her old age," I said with a chuckle.

"Hey buddy, smile when you mention the age and it's not a sin to love someone. Anyway, you two made me an honest woman before the honeymoon, technically that is. We may not be married in the eyes of the law or anything but in our heart and minds we are."

"Sorry about the age crack and you are right about the marriage. It's not legal but it sure is a total commitment on Karen's and my part."

She came into my arms for a lingering kiss. When we parted she said, "I love you and Karen...." She paused and looked at me sharply. "Are you taking me fishing or what? Let's get cracking here."

As we walked out of the shop with our gear, I asked, "What are the options on the "or what" part of that question?"

"Use your imagination, but it going to have to be in the boat, because I'm going fishing," she said as she took off at a slow trot toward the boathouse.

*****

It was warm, heading toward hot, as I rowed out into the lake. Sue directed me to the north end of the lake. Then into a narrow cut in the bank near the dam. As we passed through, it widened out into a cypress studded smaller lake.

"This is the old original lake that was here when dad bought the place. He had the new lake built and the channel cut to tie them together. The fishing is good here almost all day and the shade will keep us cooler."

It was a beautiful place. I took a short paddle and moved to the front seat to scull us along. We started to make casts. I watched Sue out of the corner of my eye. I could tell she had done this before.

We fished the scattered cypress trees along a deep creek channel. We caught a few fish even though it was the hot part of the day. Sue was a good fisherwoman. We had a great time.

The growl of my stomach made me remember that all I'd had for breakfast was coffee. We kept the next two fish we caught and headed back to the dock.

*****

We made a late lunch of the fish, fried potatoes, and a cool salad. Ice tea hit the spot. After KP was over, we moved out on the porch to relax and sip tea. We sat in the swing and enjoyed each other's company and the peace and quiet of the place.

We were working on our second glass of tea when Sue said, "Let's take a swim. The water will be cool and refreshing. Anyway we're both sweaty from fishing and the kitchen."

We stopped on the way through the kitchen for more tea and made a side trip to the shop. The battery was well charged and the truck was as ready as we could make it.

We left our tea on the table at the dock as we went by. We hit the water and she was right, it was just what the doctor ordered. We swam, played, and wrestled for quite a while. We end up at the float.

Not thinking, I asked, "Does the water feel as good on your skin as the first time you skinny dipped?" I could have just sunk to the bottom of the lake for bring up the bad times.

Sue surprised me. 

"I've done quite a bit of it in yours and Karen's pool. The pool is an even temperature, where this is warm on my breasts and cold on my feet. Also with the shave I got last night, I can really feel the water on my lower lips, especially when I kick my feet, swimming." She was looking in my eyes and smiling.

I started to move closer and kiss her but did not know if I should. Knowing what happened here had me hesitant. She looked harder at me and her smile grew larger. She moved over, put both arms around my neck, and kissed me hard. She wrapped her legs around my hips and squeezed.

"Don't baby me.... like you said, what happened, happened.... I can't change that. I did a lot of thinking after we talked the other night.... I came to the conclusion that maybe it was meant to happen. If it hadn't, I'd probable be married to some stuffed shirt and bored out of my mind with the kids and housework."

"Speaking of kids, you do know of Karen's and my problems where kids are concerned don't you?" I asked her softly.

"Yes, Karen told me a while back. I told her then and I'll tell you now, how sorry I am. You both would have made fine parents."

I'd had a motorcycle wreck in my youth and shot pretty much blanks afterward. Karen had become pregnant shortly after we were married. We were ecstatic; we had never expected it to happen.

We had talked about it, before we wed, and decided Karen would use no birth control. If it happened, it happened, so be it. It would be well and good.

We started on a nursery and talked about names, the whole shooting match. Then Karen started having pains. We went to the doctor and they took tests. Karen had contracted some kind of infection when she was young and had a large cyst blocking one of her tubes and another on the womb wall.

The doctor had confided in me that he was not too hopeful that the pregnancy would go to term, also that we couldn't do much but wait and see. It didn't, she lost the baby in the second trimester.

We were both heart broken, Karen even more than me. I had been warned, and had come to terms with the possibility, before it happened. Hoping to save Karen the worry, I hadn't told her what the doctor had said. When she found out, was the closest we ever came to parting. She was furious with me. 

"How dare you, assume I couldn't handle it?" were her exact words. In time, it passed and we settled in to love each other, just that much more.

We had the cysts removed. Even though Karen still didn't take or use any kind of birth control, she had never become pregnant again. We had quit even thinking about it. It was a done deal.

As my mind spit out the none too welcome memories, they must have shown on my face. I know there had to be a little sadness written there.

Sue whispered, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make you sad."

"No, I brought it up. I needed to know if you knew.... Do you use any kind of birth control? We wouldn't want to have an accident."

Sue was silent for a moment, as if she were reading my face. Slowly she said, "Wouldn't we...? Although, I haven't discussed it with our first mate, I feel it wouldn't be unwelcome... if it happened."

I just stared at her with my mouth open. I licked my lips and turned the idea over in my mind. It was startling in two aspects, one, of the chance of having a child and two at the depth of Sue's commitment to Karen and me.

"Shut your mouth before you catch a dragonfly, and quit licking your lips, I'm horny again. So help me, I might rape you," she said with a laugh.

I laughed. "That's not again, that's still... So rape me, I might help you."

We both laughed and kissed. I got so involved with the kiss, I let go of the dock, and we slowly sank. We broke apart and came back to the surface sputtering and laughing.

We swam to the ladder and climbed to the deck of the float. We both lay down on the deck but with our heads in different directions. I lay on my back and Sue on her side. She eased over close to me and laid her head on my thigh. I cradled my head on my hands and watched her.

Of late, I had gotten to where I couldn't keep my eyes off my ladies, either singularly or together. I loved to pick out the little subtle differences, the motion of limbs, the movement of breasts and ass cheeks. The sway of hips, the slid and play of muscle under the skin, the play of light on their skin. The little nuisances of expressions and their subtle shifts, the smile lines around their mouths and eyes. I could not remember being this observant before or even taking the time to notice and care that I did. I was changing, I felt, for the good.

Lying there, I could also feel the warmth of the boards under me and the heat of the sun beating down. The pressure of Sue's cheek against my thigh, the brush of her nipple against my hip as she breathed. The slick, satiny textures of the skin on her back and shoulders.

The water that had coated her body with small beads when she had first lain down had dried. It was now replaced by a sheen of perspiration. It had a slick feel to it. The thought that is was probable salty crossed my mind. When it did, my fingers moved to my mouth.

She smiled as I licked my fingertips. "How do I taste? Salty?"

"Yes, mildly. There's also a fresh, clean flavor." I replied thoughtfully. 

She licked my thigh, above the hairline. Then moved the tip of her tongue to just barely show through her lips and ran it across them. "You have a good flavor also. Salty, but a little hint of spice."

I turned my head and licked her in the crease of the thigh and pelvic joint. It was on the shady side of her body. "That's less salty and more clean and fresh."

She slid her left foot up her right leg, lifting her knee as she went. When it got above her right knee, she paused and gracefully raised her left leg up in the air. Her toes and foot were pointed straight away from her leg. It looked like a dance or ballet move.

"Here try this, for taste," she said tilting her pelvis forward.

I strained my neck forward and licked first one smooth outer lip and then the other. My head moved back, my neck ached slightly. Sue's raised leg slowly arched over my head and started to descend.

"I'll get it closer so you won't have to reach so hard. I wouldn't want you to strain anything," she said with a chuckle.

As her leg came down, her body rose on her knee and elbow. I knew she was strong and in good shape but her muscle, control was phenomenal. I was going to ask her if she had taken modern dance at some time but the view of her descending sex distracted me.

As her knee touched the deck, her clit stopped an inch from my lips. It was hard and completely un-hooded. I could see it pulse with a solid palpitation. I lightly touched it with the tip of my tongue, her hips twitched. I gently sucked it between my lips and held it there. She quivered.

"Oh... that feels good. Lick it lightly." I did.... 

"Suck it softly," she whispered.

I sucked and moved my lips up and down slowly over its hot slick, glossy, smooth length. Her hips moved in harmony, and then moved up, and forward. They descended again with her opening over my mouth. I fitted my mouth over it and eased my tongue inside. Opening the hot canal, I sucked gently. I was rewarded with a hot sweet drink. I swallowed and swirled my tongue around the satiny opening. 

Sue's hips rotated with jerky starts and stops. I sucked and probed again.

"Oh, yes.... Do it again... and again!"

As I continued to suck and probe, I felt, a warm, moist heat enveloped my ridged member. Then a swirling tongue and suction added to the pleasure. I almost stopped what I was doing it felt so good. I did slow, so did the other tongue and sliding lips.

I knew at the rate I was going that it would not be long before I lost it. I could feel Sue building toward an orgasm also but not as fast as I was. Not by far, Sue's long flexible tongue was driving me up a wall.

I pushed up on her hips with my hands. She raised her hips and removed my shaft from her mouth. "Oh, you like that do you," she chuckled.

"You don't know how much. You keep it up and I'll paint your tonsils, real shortly," I said in a hoarse whisper.

"What color...? I would like that. You wouldn't?" She teased.

"Oh, yes, but I don't want to leave you hanging, although there is a lot to be said for your sweet nectar.... Move over." I told her.

Sue moved from over me but remained on her hands and knees. I move behind her and knelt down. I adjusted my height to match hers. I centered the head of my shaft in her opening and eased forward and inch or two.

"Anyway, if I'm going to work on tightening my sore muscles, this is better. We'll work on your soreness at the same time. If it starts to hurt tell me to stop and... I will," I said softly.

As I eased slowly forward, Sue lowered her chest to the smooth deck and carried her weight on her forearms. The side of her face was cradled on her hands and spread fingers. This raised her ass higher in the air and eased the entry angle.

I continued to ease forward until I felt her move forward also. She was extremely tight. I paused and waited. She rotated her ass in a tight circle around me. I felt the tightness relax a little. I pulled outward, the tight walls sucked at my shaft. I slid in until she moved again. I paused and started back out.

After six or seven slow strokes, my hips touched her ass cheeks lightly. I stopped. She wiggled and rotated her rear until I was tight up against her. I remained still, letting her move.

After a full minute, I started a slow in and out sawing motion. She wiggled her hips and said, "oh, yeah...! This is the best.... I see what Karen... means.... I can feel all... all of... you."

I increased my speed a little. The wiggling intensified. A dozen strokes later, I sped up again. I was slapping her rear smartly now and my balls were rocking up against her. The wiggling stopped, now she pushed back against my thrusting.

This increased the intensity of our contact. My balls slapped her clit. I can feel the hard stiffness of it. Three strokes, then four, on the fifth her head rose and she shouts a long drawn out "Ah...." Her body making quick short hunching motions. I upped my tempo to max.

I can feel her hot sex spasm and flex; hot liquid soaks my length and flows out. A squishing sound comes from our point of union. I continue to drive deep into her. She was shaking her head but was no longer making a sound.

I'd reaching my limit but I didn't want it to end. I tried slowing the pace. It helps for a moment or two, only. I slowed farther only to have Sue start to slam back into me. After only a few more combined thrusts, I can't hold out and launch my sperm.

Sue yells, "Yes...! Hot...! Hot.... Oh, yes...!" The last was a long wail.

I collapsed on her ass and back, catching myself on my hands, to keep from hurting her. I was breathing hard. My throat was dry. I just breathed for several minutes. I coughed.

"Oh!" Sue said. "You jerked... when you... did that...."

She was breathing as hard as I was. The thought crossed my mind that a fellow could hurt himself. That thought had never crossed my mind before. I chuckled, but it sounded more like a hack. I coughed again twice.
