 Calling it a cabin is too small a word, while calling it a house is too large. Maybe lodge is the best word. In the headlights of the car, I could see a wide porch running all the way across the front and down the right side, with heavy supports and rails. A wide set of wooden steps rise about three or four feet to meet the porch in the middle.

The roof has a high peak. Four peak-covered windows aimed toward the front. A large rock and brick chimney was sticking up at each end of the roof. The exterior walls are made of wide, overlapped, horizontal rough-cut lumber. Although it was well weathered, there is little sign of decay. There are four large windows showing under the porch roof with the front door centered on the steps.

Sue and Karen got out of the car and walked up the steps to the porch. Sue opened the screen door and unlocked the main door. Karen shaded her eyes against the glare of the headlights and tried to look around. In the dark and glare she gave up with a shake of her head as Sue opened the door. 

Karen held both doors open as Sue entered. Momentarily, there is a flare of light, it dimmed, then brightened into a soft semi-steady glow. I assume that it is either a kerosene or oil lamp. Karen started in the door but Sue stopped her. Sue took a long fireplace match and lit a lamp high on each side of the door. She then motioned for me to move the car over to a spot by the right corner of the porch.

Afterwards, I got out and climb to the porch to find Sue and Karen still standing where they were. Sue looks from Karen to me and then back again. 

"This was my daddy's old hunting and fishing camp. I spent a lot of time here during vacations and summers, most of the time just my dad and I. My mom is city born and raised. To her the outdoors is just a place to travel from one city to another, one house to another, and one mall to another. I've always loved this place. It's very special to me." She delivered this in a very soft hushed voice. 

She continued, "You are the first visitors I have ever brought here. You are my closest friends and I love you both. If that weren't true you wouldn't be here. This has always been my special place. It's where I learned a great deal about life and how much my father truly loved me. He was always the one and only one who made me feel safe and loved. Well, until lately anyway. With you two I feel the same way." With that she took a deep breath or two. 

Then and only then, she continued in a husky voice with a big smile on her face. "There are going to be a few camp rules. One, no clothes in the cabin besides underwear or lingerie. Two, no bathing suits on or in the lake. Three, outside clothing is optional except as needed for protection from the weather or in case of visitors."

She pause and looked back and forth between us for a second. "Although this is secluded and private, there are no guaranties. Four, there is to be only love here. No harsh words, deeds, or fights. If everyone agrees, then strip down and join me in my home."

Karen and I looked at each other for a moment. We both smiled then moved to hug Sue between us. First I kissed Sue; then I kissed Karen. Karen kissed Sue then me. Then Sue kissed me then kissed Karen.

"I think the rules are agreed to and the bargain firmly and finely sealed," I said. "Sure beats the hell out of a handshake." Everyone laughed.

We began undressing, although no one rushed Karen and Sue finished well ahead of me. Karen stood there totally bare, in more ways than one. All Sue had on was a smile, her stockings, and high heels. I finally got down to my briefs and started to remove them.

"Leave those on," Karen said, "They are a present from me, picked out by Sue."

"Seeing as it is the anniversary of your wedding and probable of your Honeymoon also. I think it would be only appropriate that you carry Karen over the threshold of my home, which is now your home away from home," Sue said with a grin.

Reaching for and lifting Karen into my arms, I said, "I think that is a wonderful idea." 

Looking into Karen's eyes I continued in a quieter voice. "My wife, I have loved and cherished you for ten marvelous years. May the next ten be just as great. I love you with all my heart."

Sue opened the screen door and I carried Karen inside. I released her legs slowly allowing her to turn and slid down into a full embrace. She tilted her head back for me to kiss her. As we kissed, I became aware of the small sliding motion of her hips. My swollen manhood was pressed downward against her cleanly shaven mound and the upper portion of the lips. 

As the kiss became longer and drawn out, the movement became more pronounced. Finally she broke the kiss to rest her head against my chest. She hugged me as tightly as she could. I could feel her warm breath. Then I felt something trickle down my chest with a tickling sensation. I moved my hand up to caress her cheek, then lifted her chin gently. There were tears in her eyes. 

"I love you so very much. You may never know just how much you mean to me," was all she said. She gave me a hard squeeze then stepped back wiping at her eyes.

She looked at Sue and said to me, "Why don't you go get our hostess with the mostest and carry her in also."

I smiled, caressing her cheek again; she turned her head slightly and kissed my fingers. I walked out on the porch and scooped up Sue in my arms. She was warm and yielding as she wrapped her arms tightly around my neck, laying her head on my shoulder. There was an almost child like innocence to the gesture. I held her for a moment, and then carried her through the door. 

When I released her, she clung to my neck. As with Karen, she turned and slid down against me. Sue being taller, her head nestled against my neck and jaw. She shifted slightly clamping my manhood tightly between her thighs, high up against her womanhood. I could feel the hot moist heat. 

We stood that way for a few moments longer without moving. I could feel her heart beating lightly against my chest. It was a fast flutter. Without lifting her head she said, "It's been almost twenty years since anyone has carried me. It was my father... Through that same door."

Leaning back, looking into my eyes, she said, "Thank you. For carrying me and for the memory." 

She smiled and slid her hips back about three or four inches and then forward tightly against me. My manhood moved easily between her legs as though it was oiled. 

Karen moved behind me, pressing her body firmly to my back. She put her arms around me, and her hands on Sue's hips. She pushed gently back on Sue's hips then pulled forward. I kissed Sue passionately as her hips took up the slow rhythm Karen had started.

A minute or so later, Karen moved around behind Sue and started to softly caress her back and shoulders. She moved her hand gently along Sue's sides, the sides of her breasts, down over where my arms were wrapped to Sue's hips. She started to massage her ass cheeks and draw her fingertip up across Sue's anus on each rearward stroke.

I could feel Sue's heart beat growing stronger and heavier. Her breathing was fast and shallow and she groaned softly into my mouth. Her tongue was going wild. The heat between her legs was incredible. Suddenly she twisted her head breaking our kiss and froze. A small shutter started in her hips and got stronger as it traveled up and down her body. 

Loudly she yelled, "Yes! Yes! Yes... oh, yes!"

There was a hot, hot liquid sensation on my manhood and balls. I hadn't felt anything like it since early in my marriage, when Karen had her first full and complete orgasm. I opened my eyes to see Karen hugging Sue from behind and smiling at me. I asked Karen if she remembered the time I was thinking about

She nodded. "Its something a girl never forgets, sweetheart."

We stood there a long while. Sue's breathing and heart rate slowly returned too normal. She raised her head from my shoulder and shyly kissed me on the lips.

I laughed and said, "Now she's shy!"

At that Karen laughed, stepped back, and lightly slapped Sue on the butt. "Come on sister, show me the way to the bathroom so we can clean up your mess. If there are two, point out the other to smart-ass there. He's probable a mess too."

Sue laughed and told me, "There are two baths at the top of the stairs." 

She released my neck and stepped back. With a long side-glance at my wet, glistening manhood, she put her arm around Karen. They moved to my left across the room to a door. Sue took two matches out of a black iron holder on the wall and opened the door. 

As they enter the room, I headed for the stairs in front of me. There was another match holder on the wall next to the stairs. Using Sue's example, I took two and started up the stairs. Halfway to the top I paused to listen. I could barely hear the thump and hum of a small motor. It wasn't getting any closer or going farther away. I realized it was probable a small generator.

At the head of the stair, there was an oil lamp on a carved shelf. I lit it. There were two short halls going right and left with a door at each end. They were closed. There was a side door off each hall to the back, the one to the right was open, and it was a bathroom. There was a tub and shower to the left side and a lavatory and toilet to the right. 

On the end wall was another oil lamp with a mirror behind it. When lit, it gave off a remarkable amount of light. I moved to the basin and turned on the cold-water tap. The water was cool. Turning it off, I turned on the hot; the water was the same temperature. I left it running and relieved my bladder. 

The toilet flushed and filled so I assumed that the water pump was on a demand circuit to the generator. I checked the water out of the tap. It was still cool, so I stripped off my briefs and washed. Towels were in the cabinets by the basin. They had a cedar and musty smell but were clean and soft.

Returning down stairs, there was no sign of the girls. All of our clothing was tossed on a straight back chair by the door. The door at the end of the room was ajar and the light was out. I took a quick look out the front door. No one. I looked around the room. There was an assortment of overstuffed chairs and a large couch, the usual end tables, coffee table, ashtrays and bric-a-brac. 

On the right side of the fireplace, in the corner, was one of the largest hardwood desks I had ever laid eyes on. Intricately carved and scrolled, hand rubbed without stain. Beautiful. In front of it was a monster sized overstuffed swivel chair. Between it and the couch was the door Karen and Sue had gone through.

At the other end of the room was a dinning area with a large table and chairs. There was a huge china hutch on one side of the fireplace and a long low buffet on the other. They showed the same quality and workmanship as the desk. 

In the back wall was another doorway with cafe doors. There was a faint light showing. I headed that way. When I opened those cafe doors my eyes were treated to one hell of a sight. Across the room, which was the kitchen, the two girls were down on their knees and elbows side by side with their heads stuck in a low wide cabinet. They're gorgeous bare asses stuck high in the air. I just stood and happily stared for a moment or three. 

Then I eased forward going to my hands and knees. The view was even more stupendous. I crept forward as quietly as I could. I studied both rears as closely as possible in the dim light. I wanted to make damned sure which ass was my wife's. Both girls were totally bare, although I was fairly sure that the slightly wider and lower one was correct. As I got closer, I could see that I was right. It was also lacking all hair covering.

I move my angle of attack slightly left. Lined up my nose, and stuck out my tongue. My tongue I'm told is not all that long but its wide and strong. When my tongue bulls eyed my wife anus, there was a "Yow!" and a loud thump from within the cabinet. 

She tried to crawfish out but I had two hands full of soft, satiny ass cheeks and bore in with my tongue an inch lower to score another bull's-eye. Her open sex was hot and wet. This time there was the same "Yow!" without the thump. The more I continued my attack the higher the ass climbed and the more her legs spread. Then I unleashed the big guns, my lips. As I licked and sucked my way from anus to clit and back several times, this ass tried a new trick and started to circle. 

I countered by sticking my tongue as far into her vagina as I could, then switching to her anus. I continued to counter by licking circles on both in the opposite direction to Karen's rotation. That brought out a long deep throaty growl and moan. It was time for the kill. 

I slipped my tongue down the slippery wet slit. My tongue flicked her clit back and forth several times, then around and round. Slowly I latched onto it with my lips. I sucked it in and scrapped it gently with my front teeth. There were two or three loud "Oh's" ascending up scale followed by several "Ah's" going down scale. I scrapped my teeth across it once more and flicked it hard with my tongue, which promptly got me bucked off. 

I dove back in to jam my tongue as deep into her as I could. Her vagina was constricting hard with copious amount of spicy, musky fluid flowing out and down my chin. When the spasms weakened and finally stopped, I removed my tongue and gently cleaned as much of the fluid as I could reach from the whole area. 

This was accompanied by small and large sighs, small "Oh's," and "Ah's," also giggling in another voice.

After a couple of minutes Karen told Sue who was still giggling, "Shut up bitch. That hurt my head."

At this Sue broke up. She laughed so hard she went down to her belly, full length on the floor and kicked her feet. At which point Karen extracted herself from the cabinet. On seeing Sue stretched out, she slapped her on the ass. 

There was a "Yew!" thump, under the cabinet. The laughter stopped and Sue came up out of the cabinet herself. She rubbed her head and the red mark on her ass. 

She said, "That hurts on both ends. Anyway your head may hurt, but I'll bet a dollar to a doughnut that the other end feels great."

Both girls laughed and leaned toward each other for a brief kiss. Karen turned and kissed me deeply. "You taste like me," she said and then kissed me again.

When we parted Sue said shyly, "May I have a taste?"

"If you want," Karen replied.

Sue leaned in and we kissed briefly. Then she stared to lick and suck my chin and neck. She sat back and licked her lips. Sue said, "yummy. We taste a lot alike."

Karen places her hand on Sue's thigh. "Lately I've been wondering about just that."

"Well, not right now you horny heifer. We still haven't got this pilot light lit, which means no hot water," Sue said with a grin. 

"It's not my fault we were interrupted so abruptly," Karen protested weakly.

"If you hadn't kept blowing out the matches I could have maybe finished."

We all laughed. I asked Sue, "Is this on natural gas or butane?"

"Butane. There's a large tank out back, which I just had filled."

"Is it turned on at the tank?" I asked with a smile. 

"Dumb, dumb, dumb! No!" Replied Sue shaking her head. 

"I'll turn it on, if you have a flashlight."

"In the living room, in the top desk draw."

*****

On checking the tank, sure enough the main valve was off. I turned it on. I returned to the house, and told Sue. After that it was easy to light the hot water heater. While I was out back I saw the boathouse, dock, and lake. I ask Sue how the lake was for swimming.

"It's great. The water should be warm but the air will be cold when you get out."

"Lets get the suitcases and stuff out of the car, and then go find out," suggested Karen. 

There were three suitcases, a large ice chest, and three cartons in the trunk of Karen's car. The three suitcases went to the master bedroom. It was behind the door off the living room by the desk, where Sue and Karen had gone earlier. It was a large room with its own bath through an arch in the center of the right hand wall. 

There was a huge four-poster bed, set at a forty five-degree angle to the left back corner. The back and left walls both had tall windows with large, deep, padded window seats. On the wall behind the door to my right was a long, low dresser with a tall, wide wood framed mirror. 

To the left was another large couch like the one in the living room. At the foot of the bed was a large cedar chest with a padded top. All of the furniture was of excellent quality like every piece I had seen in the house. I ask Sue about it.

"My father was a cabinet and furniture maker in his younger days. Later he headed his own corporation that manufactured furniture and had a chain of retail stores. But his first love was woodworking. Everything in this cabin he built by hand, in the shop out back by the woods. He even built this cabin, the boathouse, and the dock. He was a craftsman."

I told her that I agreed with her a hundred percent. His craftsmanship and pride showed in every piece.

We brought the ice chest and groceries in. Checking the icebox to make sure it was working, I ask Sue about the generator.

"It's out behind the shop. The same company that checks and services the butane keeps the large diesel tank filled. It supplies power to the shop, water pump, and refrigerator, but only on demand. The generator doesn't run all the time. When something needs power it automatically starts and supplies that need. Daddy liked the oil lamps and the fact that he was roughing it. But he still liked his comforts."

We finished putting the supplies away. Moving back to the living room Karen said, "I love this house. It's comfortable and simple."

"That's the way dad liked things. I do too. I'll get some towels and a lantern so we can test the lake out."

*****

As we walked down the path to the dock, I walked in the middle with an arm around each of my ladies. This time I knew what that meant. Sue carried the lantern, Karen the towels. As we moved out onto the dock and cleared the trees I saw we had a three-quarter moon. At the end of the dock was a covered, round, open-air pavilion. 

The moon was going down, across the lake. Sue hung the lantern on a hook in the rafters of the cone shaped roof. By the silvery light of the moon, I could see that the lake was fairly large. There was a large float about fifty yards straight out.

Walking to an opening in the rail, Sue indicated a ladder extending down into the water. "Shall we get wet?" 

With that, she executed a high arching dive. I followed Karen toward the opening. Just before she reached it she stopped suddenly bending at the waist. I bumped fairly hard into her prominently displayed bare ass. I had to grab her quickly around the waist and haul back to keep from knocking her down. She wiggled her butt from side to side against my groin. 

She said with a chuckle. "Hey, watch that "tail" gating."

Laughingly I said, "That's the problem. I was watching your "tail" instead of where I was going. Anyway you didn't have your "tail" lights on and your brake lights aren't working. You could get a ticket for that."

"Officer, please don't give me a ticket. I'll do anything. My husband wouldn't understand how this wreck could have happened." Saying this, she again shook her soft, warm ass against me.

"Hussy!" I said picking her up. "I'll cool you off." 

I walk into the opening and tossed her in the lake then dove in after her. She came up laughing. Sue was hanging onto the side of the float giggling. We swam out to her. The water was warm. We swam, played, and laughed for quite some time. Playing hide and go seek, using the Braille system, under the dark water is fun. Finally we tired and returned to the dock to get out and dry off.
