 We sat there for a long time, no one speaking. Sue was talked out, I didn't know what to say, and Karen had the good sense to just be quiet.

Sue finally sat up straighter and taking a double hand full of the hot water, washed her face. She turned her head to Karen and Karen kissed her tenderly. When she turned toward me, I did the same, thinking thanks to Karen for the cue to keep my mouth shut and follow her lead. 

Karen finally said, "I won't say sorry, because it doesn't help and it's been too long. I have no way of putting myself in your place, so I can't say I know how you feel. I have a fair idea and an idea of how I might feel in the same situation... All I can say is we love you... We understand and we except what you've told us. The past is the past and that cannot be changed."

I just gave her a squeeze and placed my forehead against the top of her head. I kissed her hair. "I understand a lot more about you now and think you've needed to talk to someone about what happened, for a long time. Just remember that we are always here for you. That is the one thing Karen and I have always agreed on. There is nothing that can't be discussed. Talking to each other solves a lot more problems than anything else in the world."

Sue whispered, "For a long time, I thought George's death was my fault. If only I had gotten into the boat and rowed away, or dove into the lake and swam to the dock. They called it rape, but I was enjoying what he was doing to me so much, except at the end when he hurt me. Until then, I hadn't wanted him to stop. It was as much my fault as his."

"That's a dead horse," I said sharply. "Would a, should a, could a. That does not work. What happened happened... Hindsight is great but it only gets you grief and pain with a little self-piety thrown in. George may have gotten carried away with the moment but he knew better... It was also his choice not to face the consequences of that action. He took the easy way out." 

In a gentler tone, I went on, "My saying that doesn't help how you feel... Nevertheless, as a man, I can see George's actions in a different light. I don't condone it by any means but I understand it." I paused and kissed her hair.

"All I'm saying is, he was older and with your dad gone, responsible. He took advantage of the situation and your youth. What started out as innocence and naiveté on your part got out of hand. The question is not if you should or should not have enjoyed it, but that it happened at all. That he went as far as he did. He was way over the line."

Sue turned and looked hard into my eyes, as if she could read the truth of my words there. Karen looked at me also and there was a light in her eyes. "At times like this, I remember what it was that first drew me to you," Karen said with a gentle smile. "A man with a good mind and heart is a terrible thing to waste. And I'm happy to report that both of yours have grown over the years."

To Sue she continued, "As much as I hate to admit it, he's right. I was trying to find the words to say basically the same thing. He did a much better job than I would or could have. There may be hope for him yet. Take his words to heart."

"Dad tried to tell me the same thing, not too long after this all happened but it was too soon. I was still too broken up and mixed up. I loved him for trying and I love you for reminding me and maybe, finally making me believe."

I kissed Sue tentatively and lovingly. She returned it strongly. I kissed Karen passionately, feeling a strong flood of love for both of them. When I leaned back, the girls kissed lightly and hugged each other as hard and well as they could in the tub.

Sue rolled over, floated her body over on top of me, and sat down across my lap. With a leg on each side of me, she pressed her sex hard against my soft groin and laid her forehead against mine.

She said softly, "Now that you know my dark past, maybe it's time I tried full sex again... only, this time with someone I know will be gentle and understanding... It is my wedding night after all."

I tilted my head back and lightly kissed her lips and hugged her tightly to me. I ran my hands over her back and shoulders. "It would be my pleasure and honor but not here in the tub and not tonight. Tomorrow morning will be more of the right time. We will be rested and relaxed enough to put our best efforts into it. Your story has been emotionally draining for us all."

Karen watched us and smiled. "I'll sleep in the upstairs bedroom tonight. Newlyweds need time alone."

Sue sat up with a splash. "You will do no such thing! You will sleep where you belong, with your husband and your new wife, sister, lover. I won't hear of such a thing as you not being there. Anyway, I will need the moral support and maybe... uh... some coaching."

"Thank you... I withdraw the offer. I'll love being there for your moral or immoral support. As for the coaching, I don't think that will be a problem or necessary. You'll be fine and just do what comes naturally. Anyway, I can honestly say, our husband is well versed in the art of love and is always as gentle as you want him to be."

I jokingly said, "Be careful, you'll give me a swelled head."

"It had better be!" returned Karen laughing. Sue snickered.

We were all prunes by the time we got out of the tub. There was a lot of laughing and giggling as we toweled off each other and got ready for bed. We got into bed with Sue in the middle this time. We lay awake for a little while talking, petting, kissing, and laughing. The talk slowed and then stopped. The petting, stroking, and caresses continued until we drifted off to sleep.

*****

I woke early and first, which is unusual for me. I was lying on my left side. Sue lay flat on her back with Karen's head nestled on her shoulder and her arm across Sue's stomach. Karen's hand lightly covered Sue's left breast. Sue's arm was around Karen. They were so peaceful and guileless looking. Sue's other hand rested against my chest.

I toyed with the idea of getting up and making coffee. After a while, I thought as I just lay there smiling and watched the girls sleep. They were so lovely lying there all intertwined. What Sue had said about them being sisters and lovers came back to me. That's exactly what they looked like, two young sisters sleeping innocently together. 

I felt a flood of love for both of them. My smile turned into a grin. I decided they might want coffee in bed. I quietly slipped out of the bed and went to the kitchen.

While the coffee brewed, I walked out on the porch. It was cool, almost chilly as the sun was still low through the trees to my right. There was still a trace of mist in the air, low to the ground. I took several deep breaths and stood looking around. There were birds here and there among the trees and on the ground. They were twittering and chirping. There was a squirrel on a high limb of an old oak tree. He was working on making breakfast of an acorn. 

I turned left and walked slowly to the end of the porch. Out across the lake was a layer of fog, lying close to the water. I heard a fish splash somewhere. I heard a rustle of leaves and a twig snap to my right. A deer was walking out of the woods into the road. He had a fine new set of horns still wrapped in velvet.

As I watched, two more joined him. They were both does. They fed slowly along the edge of the road and into the yard. They browsed along the edge of the woods. They were impressive, large, and well fed. I continued to watch until they reached the far corner of the yard and disappeared into the trees.

I sighed thinking how much beauty was in life, if you only took the time to look and appreciate it. I turned and went slowly back to the kitchen. I found a large tray and loaded the coffeepot and mugs on it. I headed back to the bedroom.

The girls were still sleeping peacefully. I sat the tray down and poured myself a cup of coffee. Sipping and blowing, I crossed to the window seat and sat where I could watch the girls and look out. I was going to take time to smell the roses from now on, I promised myself.

I was looking out the window when I heard a small sigh and turned to see Karen's eyes flutter open. They focused on me she and she mouthed, "Good morning," and "I love you," without moving. I replied the same, in the same fashion.

In a while, Karen slowly slid her hand off Sue's breast and over her chest and belly, then back up to the other breast. Sue stirred but remained asleep. Karen went on caressing Sue's breasts and chest. She then slid her hand down over Sue's stomach to caress her thighs and tease the dark hair there.

"Ummm. Ummm... That feels good. It's nice to wake up like this," Sue said without opening her eyes.

I sat my cup down and moved onto the bed to lightly kiss them both. When I lifted my lips from Sue's, she asked still not opening her eyes, "Is that coffee I taste and smell?"

I said it was and went to pour two more cups and refilled mine. I handed the girls theirs after they sat up and slid up to the headboard. Using it for a backrest, they sipped coffee. I sat at the foot of the bed propped against the corner post. I told them about the birds, squirrel, and three deer, also my thoughts on time and beauty, which were not all new or original. They agreed it was a good idea, anyway.

We talked quietly of things we each thought of as beautiful and or worth spending time watching. I refilled cups as needed. When the pot was empty, the girls left the bed for the bathroom. Each stopped long enough to give me a large kiss. I took the tray to the kitchen, cleaned everything, and put it away.

As I finished, a still damp set of arms slipped around my waist and an equally damp body warmly snuggled against my back. Karen's voice said, "I love you very much, do you know that?"

"Yes, I know. I love you, too, more and more with every passing day."

I turned in her arms and hugged her tightly. Then I kissed her deeply with all the love I felt behind it. We came up for air and she said, "Here you are in the kitchen with one woman when you have a new bride in the shower. There's no understanding or explaining a man." 

She stepped back. "Get your ass in there and take care of business, buster... take your time, be gentle, and slow. I'll wait in bed for you, both. Now, git!" She gave me a quick peck on the lips. 

I walked quickly to the bathroom and slipped into the shower. Sue stood there with a bottle of shampoo in her hand, all wet and beautiful. I took the bottle from her and pored some in my hand. She turned and I began to lather up her hair.

I gave her hair and scalp, a long and gentle scrubbing and massage. She was leaning back against me before I was finished. When I was, I placed my foam-covered hands on her shoulders and slowly ran them over her breasts and stomach. I moved them lower to lather the other patch of hair.

As I moved my hands back up, only my fingertips and nails were in contact with her skin. I felt her tremble as they moved over her tight belly. She gave a little twitch as a nail flicked her hard nipples, and then again. When my hands reached her shoulders, I turned her toward the shower to rinse.

She turned to face me and arched her back, tilting her head back to keep the soap out of her eyes. As she rinsed and rubbed the soap out of her hair, I rubbed and lather up her breasts, stomach, sides, and thighs.

When she finished with her hair, she turned around to rinse the parts I had soaped. I started at her shoulders and soaped my way down her back to her rounded ass. Then down the backs of her thighs. As I got to the backs of her knees, she took a small step to the side, spreading her legs. 

I reached up and gently lathered between her parted thighs. I teased the outer lips, and then slipped one, then two fingertips into the slit. I ran these up the center to brush her clit. I then separated them slightly to run down in the crease between the inner and outer lips.

As I continued to do this, I glanced up. Sue had her hands on her breasts gently caressing them and teasing the hard full nipples. Her other leg moved to the side widening the gap between her legs. I used my fingers to tease the opening to her vagina. It slowly eased open slightly. I teased just a little deeper but did not enter. I moved my fingers farther back to circle and tease the pinkish brown opening of her anus.

Her hips, which were slowly moving backward and forwards with a circling motion, gave a jerk as I first touched the tender opening. She leaned forward and stuck her ass out more, spreading the crack wider. The more I played with her anus the more her hips moved. I gentle pressed a fingertip to the opening. I felt the ring of muscles flex and the tip disappeared to the first joint. There was a gasp from Sue.

I could feel the muscles clinching and unclenching on my fingertip. As the pressure decreased, I pushed forward very slowly. More of the finger entered. Sue groaned again and pressed back. My finger went in farther. Almost the full length was buried in her ass.

I held it still until Sue's ass loosened its grip and her hips again were in motion. My other hand was now teasing and stroking her hard clit and swollen lips. Sue had her hands on the wall in front of her for support. I moved my finger out to the first joint then flicked her clit. As her ass jerked back, I pressed the finger back all the way in. She moaned and circled her butt in tight circles. I took up a slow rhythm. Out, flick, in.

As her breathing became faster, I increased the speed of the probing digest. The hot velvet wall flexed and got oily slick. As I pulled out, I felt the muscles try to grab and hold the finger. It slid smoothly in. Her heavy breathing was mixed with little gasps and groans. The next time out, I removed the finger completely. 

Sue started to protest until I pressed two fingertips against the tight ring and they popped in. She shuddered and groaned loudly. I kept still for a moment, holding a little forward pressure. Sue pressed back sharply impaling herself on the two fingers as deep as she could. I rubbed her clit in a tight circle.

"Oh! Oh yes!" she almost yelled.

I continued the circling and rapidly moved the fingers in and out. She started to buck and shake. Her asshole was pulsing and squeezing my fingers almost painfully. I held my fingers still, buried to the hilt. I slowed the circles and stopped them when her hips started to move away.

When I could only feel her heavy pulse on my fingers, I slowly removed them. Sue remained against the wall, her forehead on the backs of her hands. I stood up and tenderly put my arms around her, holding her softly.

"Can a girl die from coming? Between you and Karen I've been shown more way to go with a huge smile on, than I thought possible."

"We're not through yet. We have a lot more to show you and probable the three of us will find a few things we haven't tried, yet."

She pushed off the wall and turned to kiss me. She stepped back and I helped her rinse off the remaining soap. We kissed again and got out to towel each other dry. Seeing my hard member, she dried it. Then went to one knee to swallow it.

Her mouth was hot and her tongue was doing things I loved. My stomach was tightening, along with my balls, when a set of arms came around my waist from the back. I had not heard or seen Karen come into the room. She kissed the back of my shoulders and down the middle of my back to my tailbone.

She licked up the crack of my ass making my hips go forward deeper into Sue's mouth. I was totally engulfed.

"How does she do that?" Karen asked of no one in particular looking around my hip at Sue.

Sue started to move her lips slowly up and down my shaft, swirling it with her tongue. It felt like my dick was being attacked by a soft slippery blender. I did not last long, especially with Karen's tongue running up and down my ass crack and as far between my legs as she could reach. I came hard. 

Sue slowed the in and out motion of her mouth and licked and sucked just the head the way she had seen Karen do. A moment later, Karen stood up and hugged my back, kissing it from time to time. Sue did the same to my chest a minute or so later.

Karen said, "I was too nervous and excited to stay in the bedroom. The sounds from the shower had my imagination running wild. Neither Sue or I are the quiet types when we're in heat."

"I'm starting to wonder when the two of you are not in heat. I just hope I can keep up and keep it up for that matter."

The girls chuckled and moved away from me. As Sue passed Karen, she paused to kiss her deeply. Karen commented that Sue tasted good and strongly of me. Sue picked up a brush and started on her hair. Karen took the brush from her and slowly brushed her hair. I kissed Karen on the shoulder and went to flop on the bed.

*****

I must have dozed off. The feel of two sets of hands softly moving all over my body brought me awake slowly. They were sitting, one on each side of me. Seeing my eyes open, they took turns kissing me, lightly at first, then with more passion.

They sat back, then got to their knees, and kissed over my prone form. A set of hands was running over both backs from shoulders to ass cheeks. I added my hands to the asses. The kiss went on and on with mounting passion. I just lay back, watched, and stroked both round smooth asses, trailing a fingertip up the crack of first one then the other. 

After a few moments, I started to slide out from under, feet first. As my head reached the center of the bridge, I paused to take in the view. The girls had their legs spread wide against the roll of the mattress. I turned my head one way then the other. 

I rose up slightly and licked at Karen's clit. Her hips twitched and she moaned into Sue's mouth. With a turn of my head, I licked at Sue's longer clit. She pressed her hips forward and whimpered as I sucked the tip of it between my lips. When I flicked it, the whimper turned to a groan. With a sigh, I moved on. 

They knee walked closer together. I moved behind Sue and lay back down, across the bed this time. As I slid forward slowly, Sue spread her knees wider to allow my shoulders to pass. As my head moved under my wife, she too spread her legs farther.

I rose up on my elbows and applied my tongue and lips to Karen's open, wet vagina. She stiffed and then relaxed. She had said, she was excited earlier, that was an understatement now. Fluid was slowly running out of her in large drops. After a few seconds, I had to swallow. I lapped at her hot sex and ran my tongue as far up the slit and inside as I could. I had to swallow twice more before the flow slowed.

I move back the way I had come and looked at Sue's sex. It was in the same shape as Karen's, only the flood had run down both smooth thighs almost to her knees. I licked and lapped at first one thigh and then the other, until I reached the source. I drank from the well of life, so to speak. Taking side trips upward to suck and lick her hard, long clit and then back to the well. I was on my way back to Karen's well when they moved apart.

Sue moved backwards off the bed to stand between my legs. She bent and licked at my hard, ridged shaft. She smiled at me and said to Karen, "Come help me."

They moved to the end of the bed, moving the cedar chest out to the middle of the room. Sue took my hand and pulled me over to the end of the chest. She sat me on the end of the padded top. Sue then directed Karen to straddle the trunk and me with her hot juicy opening over my face. She pressed Karen's head down onto my lower abdomen and placed one of her hands on each side of my hips.

Sue walked around to Karen's highly raised ass. Placing her hand on Karen's back, she pushed down until her clit touched my lips. I latched onto it like a lamprey eel. Karen moaned and pressed her sex hard against my mouth. With my head hanging over the end of the bench, I could tilt it back and breathe freely through my nose.
