 The night is hot and sticky. Even the slight breeze that disturbs the curtains does nothing to cool the air. I am laying across this king-size bed in my nightgown, restless in this heat. It is peach coloured satin, floor length, backless and clings to my damp skin. I am flipping channels on the TV when you walk in. I am surprised but pleased you could join me.

Dropping your jacket on the floor, you cross to the bed without saying a word and take me in your arms. We kiss like lovers do, hungry, passionately, mouths open and tongues entwined. Your hands caress my hair and back as I undo your shirt and slide it off your shoulders. The heat from your body tells me you have been thinking of me on your long trip here. I can't resist kissing your chest and teasing your nipples with my lips. I unbuckle your jeans and slide them down your legs, enjoying the feel of the hard muscles under my hands. Kneeling before you I pull the jeans off and toss them aside. My hands graze across the front of your underwear, feeling your hardness under the thin material. I remove them and let the sight and scent of you fills my senses. Your hand rests on my head and I look up to see you smiling darkly, wickedly. 

Grabbing my hair, you push my face into your crotch, rubbing your stiff cock against my cheeks and mouth but when I open my lips to taste you, you shove me back against the bed. “Not so fast, bitch, I’ve had three hours to plan this night and we will do it MY way.”

You grab the fragile material of my gown and yank. I gasp as the clasps tear easily as does the material. Soon there is nothing remaining but ragged strips of peach satin. You pull me to my feet and bind my hands tightly behind me. Another strip draws my elbows back and makes my breasts jut out. You casually brush over my nipples with your palm. I respond immediately, sighing. "You whore." You laugh and push me face down across the big bed. With another strip, you bind my ankles and then they are connected to my wrists. I can't move my hands or legs and, with a delicious shudder, I realize I am totally under your control. (Was there ever any doubt?) 

You flip me onto my back and I have to twist my body to stop my arms from hurting. You drag me to the edge of the bed so my head hangs down and you caress my throat. I swallow nervously, awaiting your next move and wondering what the hell I have gotten myself into. You surprise me by kissing my lips tenderly, briefly. Your hand slides down my body, over my breasts, kneading them, caressing them. My skin tingles beneath your touch and my breathing deepens as your fingers brush over my pussy. I gasp as they part my pussy lips and slip into my moistness. Your thumb teases my clit as two fingers slowly pump in and out. You are smiling, watching my face as I respond with a groan. My legs open and my hips rise against your thrusting hand. You kiss me again, roughly this time, your tongue matching the rhythmic thrusts of your hand. I am so close to cumming that my juices cover your hand. You laugh against my lips and pull your fingers quickly from my aching pussy. 

"No!" I cry but I am helpless. Wet fingers trail up my belly, over my nipples and heaving chest. Pushing your fingers into my mouth, I suck them greedily. You know I will do anything for you now and you are ready to prove it.

Kneeling by the bed, your cock brushes my lips, leaving a glistening trail. "Open your mouth." You command and I am quick to obey. Your cock feels hard and silky against my lips and bumps against my tongue as with one quick thrust you are in my throat. You are hot and huge in my mouth and I feel your hips move in rhythm to your need. My body heaves as I gag against your thrusting. I struggle to breathe as you pound into my face while your hands pinch my nipples and slap at my wet cunt. The throbbing in my pussy increases as you knew it would with your treatment of me. I can feel the urgency in your movements now. My struggles only excite you more and I can feel your cock swell as it bruises my mouth. With a deep groan, you pull out of my mouth; your cock jerks and sprays my neck and breasts in hot cum. I can hear you laugh. 

Leaning over me, you lick the cum from my heaving chest and neck, making my skin wet and sticky, then lifting my head you let the cum and your saliva dribble into my waiting mouth. We kiss, sharing the taste and the moment. Your hands cradle my head and your thumb brushes my lips, still swollen and red.

"Did you miss me?" You ask with a grin.

"Desperately," I reply "Now untie me."

You shake your head “No. I have more planned for you."

I watch you as you leave the room and wonder what delights you were planning. I can hear you speaking on the telephone, your low voice ordering room service. When you return to the bedroom, you are wearing a bathrobe and that same wicked grin. "I hope you are hungry." You smile. "I ordered enough for both of us."

Somehow I know you are not talking exclusively of food and I can feel my pulse quicken. You lie down beside me, propping your head up with one hand and drawing lazy circles on my skin with the other.

"Do you trust me?" You ask.

I look into your dark eyes. "Always." 

"Good." From behind your back you pull another strip of my nightgown. Gently, you tie it over my eyes and then kiss me tenderly. 

There is a knock at the door and I feel the bed move as you go to answer it. In the doorway you turn and say to me, "Stay quiet." From the other room, I can hear the footsteps. They enter the bedroom and I can hear male voices whispering then the sound of belt buckles undoing and zippers lowering. There is the sound of clothes rustling. My heart begins to pound and, in spite of my vulnerable state, I am extremely aroused. 

Knowing I am at the mercy of these strangers makes my pussy very wet and start to throb. I feel weight on the bed in several places and catch a faint whiff of a man's cologne. I jump as a hand starts running up my leg ...then another on my other leg. A large, callused hand caresses my breast and nipple. Not knowing who they are, or even how many there are, has me breathless and I can feel the moisture of my pussy wet my thigh. One of the hands reaches my pussy and starts to rub with gentle yet firm penetration, parting the lips and probing my depths. 

I feel someone move to straddle my head and the heavy scent of man fills my nostrils. On my face, I feel something tracing around my lips, my cheeks. I recognize the feel. It is a cock, hard and ready. Another penis starts rubbing on my belly. The hand at my pussy penetrates deeper and I begin to writhe with the motion of the stranger’s hand. I feel stretched and full and still it pushes into me. Fingers massage my clit sending electric thrills through my body.

From far across the room, I hear my lover instructing the strangers to roll me over and untie my arms and legs. They do so then place me on my hands and knees. The strange hands spread my legs wide. A body slides underneath me, hands and mouth sucking on my hanging breasts. I feel the heat of a man behind my ass, his cock rubbing across my wet my pussy. I am engulfed by cock as another touches my lips. A stiff penis enters me hard and fast from behind making me gasp. As my mouth opens, a cock is thrust into it, pushing over my tongue and into my throat. My nose is tickled by crotch hair as his hips lunge forward.

Behind me, I feel the slap of a man’s thighs on my ass as his cock rams my pussy again and again, his hand grasping my hips. I can hear the other men in the room murmuring, discussing the spectacle they are watching. I am ready to cum, my senses overwhelmed. The double onslaught increases speed as I am squewered from both ends. I can feel the man behind me heating up, his breathing ragged. The man in my mouth is ready to cum also. My mouth is so full I cannot speak, merely grunt, as he swells into my hot mouth. I feel the quick thrusts from behind as he drives my head forward into the man in front. My pussy spasms and I cum in deep shuddering waves. The moans of both men are loud as they cum at almost the same time and a load of hot, thick cum fills my mouth still so full of cock that swallowing it all is difficult. The men in me withdraw as the bed shifts. 

More strange bodies move around me. Someone else lifts my head and forces his cock into my mouth. I can tell it is a different man by the scent and texture. Another man takes his place behind me. He is so much bigger than the first that I can barely stay on all fours but with their powerful arms they hold me in place so he can mount from me from behind. His cock splits my pussy lips and with a thud he impales me. I moan against the cock filling my mouth. With my pussy and mouth being fucked and the smell of strangers filling my nostrils, I abandon myself to the full pleasure I feel. I cannot move or speak but my body trembles with lust. I am totally at their mercy, awash in the scents, sounds and sensations they provide. 

The bed is rocking to the manic thrusts of the two men. My clit throbs in rhythm to their pounding and again, I sense the edge of cumming. My mouth can barely holding the thick cock as it slides to my lips and back down my throat. My pussy is spread wider than I ever imagined as the men shudder to orgasm again. More cum fills my mouth and I gag as the fluid flows freely down my chin and neck. The huge cock behind pulls out and I feel my thighs are wet and dripping. As I gasp for breath, the bed shifts again and I feel the strangers changing position. 

The man beneath me pulls my hips down and there is no resistance to his quick thrust. A second man wets the tip of his cock on my slick thighs and pushes against my ass. The man below and the one at my ass hold me tightly so I can't pull away from the cock at my ass and it slowly, inevitably, slides deep. I am being split by these two men and they pause their movements to allow my body to adjust to the intrusion.

The man at my head is more impatient. He grabs handfuls of my hair and drags my head up to his cock. I can smell and taste my pussy on this large cock. He is the huge one that was just in my pussy and he barely fits in my mouth. Once again they begin to fuck me. My head is held tight on the large penis as he rams into my mouth and throat. I am gagging...my nostrils flare trying to capture air. The cocks in my swollen cunt and ass drive into me and my body shakes with the need to cum again. The bed is rocking and nothing exists outside this shell of pleasure. 

I can feel them getting close and they start to cum again. My mouth is sprayed with hot fluid and it begins flowing out the sides of my lips. He pulls from my lips and I collapse onto the man under me. His groans fill my ears as he too cums, his final thrusts jolting my entire body. The man in my ass grabs my waist and pulls my body tightly to him. He shudders and my ass is filled with hot sticky cum. 

The strangers pull away from me leaving me in a wet heap on the bed. I hear a quiet whisper and a low chuckle as the men get dressed to leave. I am aware of the strangers leaving but haven't even the energy to remove the blindfold. The bed shifts once more as you sit down next to me and brush a damp strand of hair from my eyes. You throw a sheet over my damp body and kiss my cheek gently. 

"Wait until you see what I have planned for tomorrow."