 Sue stirring and the smell of food opened my eyes. The room was dim. She kissed me thoroughly and eased up and off my soft sticky manhood. The tight clinging slide of her off me made me tingle inside. As I came free, she shivered, smiled, and leaned back down to kiss me again.

She padded off toward the living room. I lay there another moment and then sat up to stiff muscles and snaps, crackles, and pops. The rice crispy kids live, I thought, but will I? With a chuckle, I slid the cedar chest back against the foot of the bed and headed for the shower.

I was getting through with my shower when Sue entered and gave me a drink and a quick kiss. I stepped out sipping at the drink. I stopped and turned back to watch her soap up her lovely body, my mind going over the memory of this weekend with her and Karen. Karen walked up behind me and put her arms around me, going up on her toes to look over my shoulder.

"A penny for your thoughts," she said.

I turned and kissed her firmly, with all the emotion I was feeling. She stepped back when I finished and said with a laugh, "Never mind. Just hold onto that thought, whatever it is. It's worth at least a nickel."

"Hey guys, what's this? Get in or get out, but shut the door," sue said with her hands on her hips, patting her foot. Her scowl slowly turned into a grin. 

Karen and I chuckled, and then I blew Sue a kiss and shut the door. We headed to the kitchen to check on the supper Karen had started. We talked of trivial things and found any reason to touch and be close. We were finishing the preparations when Sue showed up. She fixed us all refills on our drinks and we carried everything to the table.

The meal was quiet but happy. Karen was the first to mention what was on all our minds. This was a long weekend for both Sue and me. The lab would be closed tomorrow but Karen had a meeting around noon. None of us wanted our time here together to end.

"I'll just drive in early and come back after the meeting is over. There's no reason you two need to go."

"How long will you be?" Sue asked.

"If it's like normal, it could be all afternoon. Those assholes can talk and argue over the stupidest shit more than the law allows."

"In that case we should all go; otherwise you'll have a long round trip drive. Then we'll be late getting home. That will be tiring on you," I said.

Sue was looking thoughtful then said, "Dad's old jeep pickup is in the back of the shop. It was running the last time I saw it. It looks bad, but it's in excellent shape mechanically. If we had a phone, Karen could call us."

"There's a mobile phone and battery pack in the trunk of my car for emergencies," Karen said.

"That will work," I said. "But I need to check the truck before you get away from here. I'll do it early in the morning."

We finished our meal on a more upbeat note. 

After cleaning up the kitchen and doing the dishes, we fixed fresh drinks and moved to the front porch. It had cooled down, now that the sun had set. It never really got hot in the cabin. Not even in the heat of the day, the shade of the trees and a breeze that blew most of the time saw to that.

The moon was up and bright, we didn't light the outside lamps. I carried a padded straight back chair out to sit in while the girls curled up together in the swing. For a while, we just sat and sipped our drinks, relaxing and listening to the night sounds. It was perfectly quiet, except for the chirp of crickets and the whine of locusts and katydids. An owl hooted somewhere out in the woods.

A large splash from the direction of the lake drew my attention. I remembered that I had wanted to try the fishing. "If there's a rod and some tackle somewhere about, I'd like to go fishing tomorrow."

"There's tons of stuff in the shop," Sue said. "I'll show you when we check out the jeep."

"Maybe it's my good luck that I have to work tomorrow. I've fished with him. He really gets into it. He would stay on the lake all day if I didn't distract him occasionally," laughed Karen. "I like to fish but this man can be a fanatic."

"So can I," Said Sue. "I'll have to go with him, so he can find the good spots."

"Believe me he knows the good spots," Karen said. We all chuckled. "Speaking of which, I've got this itch that needs scratching. You guys slept most of the day after your pony ride. I napped but had dreams that kept waking me."

"What kind of dreams, darling?" I ask.

"The kind that makes a girl get hornier than she usually is. I'd nap and dream and then wake up to watch you two sleeping. I love you both very, very, very much. I was hoping it was my turn for a pony ride.... I might even let the pony ride me."

"I'd love for the pony to ride me to, but the saddle was to tight this morning. I'm a little sore. I will cheer you on though," Sue said.

"You did ride hard... poor little saddle, I'll just have to kiss it and make it better," Karen said putting an arm around Sue's shoulder. 

Laughing I said, "I know you'll make the sacrifice and force yourself. Such a noble effort can't go un-rewarded."

"Don't listen to him, I only have your best interest at heart, my second mate.... anyway you'll have him all to yourself tomorrow while I'm in that old meeting. That is, if you can get him off the lake, or slow down his fishing."

"I may not get him off the lake but I know several ways to get his attention. If they don't work, I'll break his pole... fishing pole that is."

"Well, I'm leaving you in charge of our husband. Do what you think best. Have fun and enjoy, that's the rule. But you'll have to give me a full report, as soon as possible."

"Oh yes, I'll do that. We can't let him divide and conquer. We may be first and second mate but that doesn't make him captain. We'll just let him think so." At that, the girls laughed and then kissed each other. 

"You're going to gang up on me, huh. I don't have to sit here and listen to you conspire against me to my face. I'll fix you, I'll go to bed."

"Don't go away mad, dear... just go away," Karen teased and kissed Sue again.

I walked to the door, paused, and looked back at my two ladies. They were standing in front of the swing in an embrace, kissing each other.

I smiled and proceeded into the house.

*****

I made a stop in the bathroom, and then eased onto the bed. I wasn't sleepy; I was just relaxing, letting the girls have some time alone. I could hear the dim sound of their soft voices but not the words. Laughs and giggles were mixed in. I smiled. They were happy, that was all that mattered.

I stared at the ceiling and let my mind drift. I love my wife more now, I think, than I did before this weekend started. I was finding more and more about Sue I liked and loved. I was happy. They were happy. They loved each other and me, of that I was sure. Things were good.

The soft pad of the girl's feet snapped me back from time and space. They had put out the front room lights and were walking with their arms around each other into the bathroom. My eyes went back to the ceiling. Yes, things were excellent.

Sue rocked the bed when she crawled in. She kissed me and putting a pillow behind her back, she sat propped against the headboard. Karen got on the bed next to Sue and put her head on Sue's thigh. I moved over and placed mine on the other. Sue stroked Karen's cheek with one hand and mine with the other.

I stared into Karen's eyes. I had to move only slightly to kiss her. Her hand moved to my body and mine to hers. I caressed her shoulders, back, and hip. I ran my hand softly over her ass and then slid it back over her hip to caress the bare sex between her parted thighs. There was a scratching prickle on my palm.

"Darling, you're getting a five o'clock shadow."

Karen placed her hand on the area and rubbed. "I shaved my legs earlier in the shower but didn't even think of this. I'll never complain about your beard again, dear. This is rough."

"I've got shaving cream in the bathroom," I said. "But I get to help this time."

"So do I," Sue said.

We headed for the bathroom again, discussing the best ways to accomplish this mission. The shower was chosen as the best bet. I grabbed the shave cream and a razor as the girls got the water started. Karen let the spray hit her pubic area. The water was hot and stinging. She jerked back.

Sue turned the force down and adjusted the spray pattern to a light pulsing stream. Karen returned to getting wet. Her hips moved about so the stream moved over the whole area. The stream came into contact with Karen's clit and her ass jumped again, then eased back forward.

This went on until Sue said, "Talk about horny! She wants to take on the shower." We laughed.

"It feels good. What can I say? With the hair gone the whole thing is more sensitive. Even my clit," Karen said still moving her hips.

"Well, take a break, horny. Let's get it smooth as well as sensitive," I said smiling.

She came over to the seat and raised her foot to it. I squirted foam into my hand and lathered her sex, being careful not to get any in the wide-open slit. Karen took the razor.

Sue said quickly, "Let me." She went to her knees in front of Karen.

Karen handed the razor to her. Sue slowly and carefully shaved Karen's outer lips and mound. Using her fingers to make sure every square inch was smooth. When she was satisfied, she stood up, kissed Karen, and then rinsed the razor, and the shaving cream off her hands.

She stepped forward where the stream was on her sex, moving as Karen had. After a few moments, she moved so Karen could rinse the soap from herself. Sue took the shaving cream from me and lathered her trimmed pubic hair thoroughly.

Placing her foot on the seat, she picked up the razor and stood looking at her soapy hair. She placed the razor at the bottom of the trimmed soapy V and just held it there.

"I don't know if I want to do this. I remember when it first started to grow. I was fourteen. I didn't know it was supposed to. It had always been smooth and bare. I thought maybe I was being marked because I had touched myself there and liked the feelings it caused," Sue said.

Karen chuckled saying, "I did the same thing. I kept trying to hide it. Mama noticed and told me it was supposed to grow. It was natural."

Sue looked at Karen and said, "I had to ask my best girlfriend. She laughed at me. Then she saw my serious, stricken face and told me the same thing. She asked me "You've never seen your mother without clothes?" When I said no, she couldn't believe it."

Sue started the razor up across the hair as she finished speaking, stopping just a little above the slit. She moved to the other lip and did the same thing. Karen moved in front of Sue taking the razor, and shaved her outer lips. She had to rinse the razor often. After she had the lips smooth, she worked on the hair covering the mound. She shaped the small amount of hair into a heart.

"Now you have a heart in all the right places," I said. Sue smiled and Karen grinned admiring her handy work.

"You're smooth and still have hair to. Go rinse and come back."

Sue jerked when the water first touched the newly bared area. She eased back into the stream. Working her hips as Karen had earlier and saying, "Oh, that feels good. You're right the whole thing is much more sensitive, bare. I'll be taking more and longer showers from now on."

"Get your butt back over here so I can finish. You're getting to be as much of a horny toad as me."

"My sweet and spicy horny toads.... I like that," I said.

"You've got room to talk, you horny old goat," Karen fired back.

When Sue's foot returned to the seat Karen's head moved forward and her tongue slid wetly across Sue's bare skin. Sue's mouth shot open in a silent "Oh," and her hands went to Karen's head. Karen's tongue continued to wander over Sue's freshly shaved sex.

Sue's ass was starting to wiggle, so I knelt down behind her and ran my tongue up the crack of her ass. The "Oh" was no longer silent. Karen and I gave Sue a tongue-lashing. Sue's legs started to tremble. She gently pushed Karen's head back and moved her ass away from my reach.

She took several deep ragged breaths, and then whispered huskily, "Let's go get more comfortable. I really love this tongue bath I'm getting but I'm fixing to go boom, and then fall down and go boom again."

Karen and I laughed as we stood up and cradled Sue between us. We held her for a time and then moved out of the shower to dry her and each other. When we were all dry, more or less, we dimmed the lamp in the bathroom and moved to the bed. I turned out the bedroom lamps.

*****

I approached the bed to find Sue with her back propped against the pillow and headboard. Karen had her face buried between Sue's spread thighs. Sue had her feet planted on each side of Karen with her knees raised. Karen was on her belly with her ass sticking up in the air.

I got on the bed and played ostrich with Karen's anus and soaking wet vagina. I sucked and licked on Karen, as she did the same to Sue. My manhood had raised its head earlier in the shower watching the girls. Now it started to throb and twitch.

I got to my knees behind Karen and spread them to get lined up with her opening. I rubbed the head of my ridged member up and down the slippery wet slit, scrapping it across the hard bump of her clit. Sue was teasing her breasts and nipples with the fingertips of one hand and stroking Karen's hair with the other hand.

Karen's head would move up, and then pause at the top. It would move down, pause, and move in and out. There was a small animal like whine coming from her. The next time it moved back I centered the head of my shaft on her opening and slowly pushed. It entered the hot, moist, silky sleeve and slid easily to the hilt.

The whine took on a rumble. I held still for a moment and enjoyed the feel of Karen totally engulfing me. The ripple and slid of the undulating muscles. I slowly, so very slowly pulled out. When the flange behind the head appeared, I reversed and just as slowly returned to the depths.

After four or five similar strokes, Karen's head popped up high and she gasp, "Don't tease me like that. You know I can't stand it for long. I want it hard and deep, the deeper the better. Out of your sight, out of my mind."

I pulled out a little faster, rotating my hips, as Karen dropped her face back into Sue's sweet treat. I paused at the opening, and then I rammed it home slapping her ass cheeks with my upper thighs and hips. There was a loud muffled grunt from Karen and a jerk and gasp from Sue. Karen's nose must have plowed into Sue's clit

With no pause this time, I bounced off Karen's ass and moved sharply to the rear. Topped out and slammed back to bottom. Grunt, jerk, gasp, I increased speed and force. The grunt got sharper and faster. The jerk and gasp got sharper and louder.

I could feel my balls slapping Karen's body. I knew they were hitting her clit. Her ass started to buck back to meet my thrusts. I kept this up until I felt my eminent explosion. I increased speed to max. The grunt became a growl and the gasp was now a growing moan.

Sue's ass was jumping off the bed and she had both hands on Karen's head. Her moan was a series of "Oh's" in time with my thrusts. Karen's growl was a smothered wail.

My dam broke and I spilled a flood deep in Karen. Her inner muscles grabbed and chewed at my jerking manhood. I did some groaning and grunting of my own. She then produced a flood of her own. I could feel the almost spray like bath my groin was getting from her churning insides. Our mixed fluids flowed out under the pressure of her constricting and flexing vaginal walls.

Sue was now, just grinding against Karen's face making a small arch. Her face was a mask. Her fingers were wrapped in Karen's hair as if to pull her inside. I realized I had a death grip of my own on her hips. She would have some finger bruises.

I relaxed my hold but didn't let go. I held us as tightly and deeply together as I could without more damage. She went on and on. I thought she might never stop coming. She hadn't done this in quite some time. She started to subside.

Sue let her feet slid out and her legs slowly lower to the bed. Karen moved her head to rest it on Sue's thigh. We were all breathing hard. We remained this way for long minutes. Our breathing slowed some.

Karen pushed back against me and up with her arms. I sat back between my heels with her still deeply joined to me. She sat up right on my lap, holding the union. I moved my hands and arms up to hold her. My hands rested on her breasts, which I gave a light squeeze. They were as hard as rocks. Her nipples were hot and hard against my palms. 

Sue just sat were she was and looked at us with a smile on her face. "You two are something. Almost a wonder to behold."

Karen shook her head. "Right now... we are a big... mess."

I just nodded; I was too winded to talk.

"We just tried... to wash each other away.... When we part the mess... is going to be everywhere."

Sue swiveled her legs to the side and lay forward on her stomach to inspect the area around our interlocked sexes. "You ain't just whistling Dixie."

She wiggled forward some more and sniffed deeply. Her long tongue shot out and she licked from my sack upward into Karen's slit to her clit. Now Karen's hands were on Sue's head but she was trying to push it away. 

Sue said, "Quit. I'll clean this mess up. I wanted a late night snack anyway."

Karen removed her hands but said, "If you want too, but let my clit rest. It's too sensitive to be touched right now. It's throbbing to my heart beat as it is."

Sue returned to the mop up job, sucking what she could reach, and licking the rest. Her tongue working over my balls and the base of my shaft that kept the cork in the bottle for a while. Slowly it started to deflate. The flood resumed and so did Sue. 

After a while, she came up for air. "He makes you taste spicier. A hot peppery taste with a hint of honey," She said running her tongue around and over her lips.

"Let me have a taste," I said. After she kissed me, I commented, "It is different isn't it?"

"Me too," Put in Karen. Afterwards, "Yummy, we go well together. I want some more."

With that, she eased up and off me. Even though I was soft, her still hot pussy didn't want to let go. She turned around and took the drained, limp, worn out thing in her mouth. She rolled it around with her tongue and sucked at it gently.

Sue moved to Karen's rear and her long tongue disappeared. Karen groaned around me. Sue's tongue reappeared and lapped slowly and softly. Karen sighed and with a long, slow stretching suck, released me. Sue, licking her lips moved over and lay down on the bed.

Karen did the same, with her butt spooned up tight to Sue. I sat there a few seconds longer. I was completely drained and sated. I joined them and pulled up the covers. Making sure they were tucked in, I added myself to the spoon collection, and slept.