 On the last day of this session, we were going to have a party. A barbecue and beer bust. That was for the late afternoon. The day would start with a ten-mile walk through the south end of the property. It was a large flat area covered with large scattered pines and huge old oaks. There was hundreds of large cone shaped cedars throughout the area. Five or six shallow, clear ponds were along the trail we would follow.

As we started out everyone was talking and joking. The walks were no longer a problem. Everyone was getting into great shape. As Ken and Sandi White passed by, I fell into step with them. Sandi put her arm around my waist and gave me a peck on the cheek. Her very large hard nipple brushed against my chest.

She had lost thirty-five of the extra forty pounds she had carried when she arrived. She had also firmed up and trimmed down, all but her breasts. They seemed even larger than they first had. They were firmer and rode higher on her chest.

She noticed my glances at them. With a giggle she shook them gently. They swayed and the one bumped against my ribs. I looked at Ken with a smile and said, "I think your wife is flirting with me."

"Yeah, I know, the more she gets her figure back the more she flaunts it. I just don't know what I'm going to do with her. She's getting to be quite the trollop." He replied with a chuckle.

Sandi released me and grabbed her husband by his convenient handle. She led him off the trail into a cedar thicket. "I'll show you a thing or two about us trollops," she said with a laugh. I laughed at the surprised look on Ken's face.

Karla Everett was giggling behind me. I turned and smiled at her and Shawn. I fell back to walk with them. Shawn was smiling and holding hands with Karla. He was looking better than he had when he arrived. There was a spring in his step. 

Karla had lost a little over half the weight she wanted to lose. She was starting to get a figure. The overall tan added highlights to her body. The exercise had been the biggest help. She was toning and firming up. She was looking good. She seemed to have more energy and smiled all the time. Her face had thinned enough to show the start of high cheekbones.

"I'd say Ken's fixing to have his hands full. Among other things," Shawn said with a laugh.

Karla looked at him and with a grin said, "It looked more like Sandi had her hands full and was going to get a fill up one way or another. You know how us deflating fat ladies get hungry. We want to be fed and it doesn't much matter which end." Shawn and I both laughed.

Shawn put his arm around her and kissed her temple. "You're getting to be something of a tart yourself, my love."

"Ain't that the truth, but you love me anyway," she shot back. "Be careful or I take you to the woods by your handle." She finished with a big smile.

To me, Shawn said, "These women of today have no respect for their elders... Ain't it nice." He chuckled and kissed Karla again.

Greg Mac said from behind us, "You tell them, Shawn. How would you like to put up with two of them? These two are about to run me ragged." He had one arm around his wife, Beth, and the other was around Martha O'Dell. They had become a threesome. Martha had moved into the Mac's cabin a few days after her husband left.

They seemed well on the way to as good a relationship as Karen, Sue, and I had. Greg had lost enough weight to be slightly on the thin side. He had confided in me he was glad we had given Martha the toy. Fred, the dildo was Greg's best friend and a lifesaver, probable his.

Beth was looking great. She had lost all of her extra weight and was firming up nicely. Her over all tan was beautiful. Her stomach wasn't flat but it was headed that way fast. Her breasts were smaller but firmer and had lost a lot of sag. Her rear end, which had been very puffy, was higher and tighter. There was a sway now, where there had been a jiggle.

Martha was a story in herself. She wasn't really over weight when she arrived. She was just a large woman, who was very out of shape. That had changed quickly. Her figure was very defined now. Her waist was tucking in and tightening up. The roundness of her face was thinning. The fact that she was smiling a real smile all the time added real beauty. Her breasts and posterior were still large but firm.

Sue asked Martha, "Where is your other boy friend today? Someone told me you never left home without him."

Martha looked at Beth hard and then grinned. "Fred doesn't travel very well. Not on his own anyway. I've got to keep him put up or he wanders off. Beth, who has a big mouth among other things, keeps running off with him. She's getting good at jamming and cramming on and in her own way." She looked at Beth again and laughed.

Beth stuck her tongue out at Martha. Martha grabbed Beth in a bear hug embrace and planted a kiss on her that had feelings behind it. Beth struggled a moment and then wrapped her arms around Martha's shoulders and returned the kiss in full.

They had stopped in the middle of the trail. Greg stopped and turned around. "Will you two break it up, you're embarrassing the children. Tom, Shara, cover your eyes. They're at it again," he said with a laugh.

Tom and Shara Thompson were strolling along slowly at the back of the group. They were holding hands and talking quietly. Shara giggled at what Greg said. Tom just shook his head and smiled. He and Shara took the ribbing good-naturedly. They were the youngest couple after all.

Martha put Beth down slowly and turned her around to face up the trail. She playfully smacked her on the butt and then put her arm around Beth's shoulders. They started to walk again. Greg grinned at the rest of us, shrugged, and put his arm around Beth's waist as they walked by.

As I turned to join the group, Tom said, "Could we talk to you for a minute, Mark?"

I stopped and waited. "Sure. Is there a problem?"

They stopped in front of me. "None whatsoever. In fact we just wanted the opportunity to thank you. That talk you had with us has been a blessing. We've got our act together and are talking; Shara's helping me a lot. We're working through our problems."

Shara broke in, "We appreciate everything you told us. We'd heard most of what you said before but you cut through to the heart of it, basically to let our hearts and love take care of things. We thank you." She stretched up on her toes and kissed me lightly on the cheek. When she moved back Tom shook my hand.

"We can't thank you enough," he said. 

He put his arm around Shara and kissed her cheek. They turned and walked up the trail. Shara wrapped her arm around his hips and bumped her hip against his. He smiled at her.

They would make it, of that I was sure. I followed them up the trail. I was smiling broadly myself.

*****

We reached the mid point of the trail around ten o'clock. Ken and Sandi White hadn't caught with us yet and we had lost the Mac's, and Martha at one of the ponds we passed. Shawn and Karla had decided not to stop and had continued on up the trail. Kim and Matt went with them. 

I sat down on the outside bench of the shelter. Karen and Sue were sitting on either side of me. Tom was sitting at the center table with his back to us. Shara was sitting on the table with one foot on each side of Tom's thighs. He leaned forward and kissed her stomach. She giggled and grabbed at his head.

She leaned over and whispered something in his ear. He laughed and kissed her. His hands, which had been caressing the outsides of her thighs slid around to cup her small ass cheeks. She laughed. 

"Tom! Behave yourself. There are people here."

Tom looked around in front of himself and peered around her on both sides. "Where? I don't see anyone."

He turned slowly and looked over his shoulder. "Oh! You mean those people," he said with a teasing laugh.

He slipped one arm around Shara's butt where it contacted the table. He turned and said, "Karen, can I ask you a rather personal question?"

Shara flushed and put her hand over his mouth. "Tom! I didn't mean for you to ask her. I was just curious, that's all."

He reached up and gently moved her hand. He kept hold of it as he looked back at Karen.

Karen said, "Tom, Shara, either of you can ask me just about anything you want. I'll try to answer as best I can. Go ahead."

"Shara was wondering about the way you... Well, that is, how you shave like you do. She has been thinking about trying it but was worried about nicks or a rash. She was kind of wondering how it would feel." 

Shara was blushing across her pert little breasts and up over her shoulders and neck. Her cheeks were hot pink.

Karen spread her legs a little and ran two fingers across the smoothly shaved outer area and lips of her sex. "Shara, I don't shave it most of the time. Mark or Sue does it. They use a lubricated shave cream and are careful. They usually rub a little oil on it afterwards to keep it soft and smooth. As for how it feels, all I can say is I like it. Sue tried it and loved it. She didn't want to be totally bare like me, so she kept her little heart shaped patch."

Sue added, moving her legs apart also, "Shaving makes the bare area much more sensitive and sensual. The shaving can be fun also, especially checking to make sure it all as smooth as possible. Tongues are great for that." She laughed and stuck her long tongue out.

Shara stared at Sue with her mouth open. She closed it slowly and shyly asked, "Then you three are together?"

I smiled and said, "No. There are actually five of us. Kim and Matt are part of our immediate family also."

"Five? Damn!" Tom said, "That could get complicated, quick."

"No... we make it work. We three consider ourselves married. Kim and Matt are going to marry each other. They are both going to work in another city. They may or may not marry into our family but are still part of us. We love them and they love us. That's all that matters," Sue said slowly.

Shara looked at Sue and then at Karen. She looked at me and I could see conflicting emotions flash across her face. She looked at Karen and slowly asked, "You've made love to two men at once...? No! I didn't ask that, it's none of my business. I'm sorry." She finished in a rush.

Karen and Sue laughed. I smiled at Shara and said, "Yes, two men, two women, one of each, any combination there of... these horny toads have tried it all. In most cases, more than once."

Karen looked at Sue. Sue looked at Karen. "Look who's talking, this horny old goat is worse than we are," Karen said with a laugh. Sue joined in. They both hugged me. I returned it and kissed each of them soundly.

When we looked up, Shara had slipped off the table and was sitting astraddle Tom's lap. They were kissing passionately. I placed a hand on each of the warm thighs touching mine. I slipped a hand to the inside of each thigh and stroked inward.

As I touched the bare flesh at the junction of the Y's, two hands covered mine and two sets of legs spread wider. The girls worked my hands up and down. I let a finger of each hand slip into the slits and caress the sensitive flesh inside. As my finger touched a pair of clits, they both jumped slightly.

Tom kissed down Shara's neck and across her chest to fasten his lips on a hard nipple. Shara's eyes were closed as she moaned softly and held his head. The girls removed their hands from mine and were massaging and teasing their own breasts. I continued to tease their slowly opening slits and hardening clits.

Sue moved her hips forward on the bench and placed one of her leg over my knee. This allowed my finger to slide down to her wet opening. When Karen did the same thing on the other side, I slowly teased both hot, wet openings. I added a finger to each side. I used the two fingers to spread the slick fluid over the open slits and each clit.

Shara's eyes opened slowly. She blinked and started to close them again. They flew back open as what she had seen registered. Tom switched breasts and she worked her mouth once, then twice. She smiled at us and continued to watch.

I teased both girl's clits. I rubbed Karen's little bud in slow circles. I slowly stroked one finger on each side of Sue's larger one. I glanced at each of their faces. Their eyes were closed. I started to caress the full length of the wide-open slit, from their clits to their anal openings.

Shara pulled gently away from Tom and moved back up onto the table. She put her hands on the back of Tom's head and guided it to her sex. He started to lick and suck at it. She kept hold with one hand and leaned back on the other arm. She licked her lips as she watched my hands.

As my fingers slipped across the opening to Sue's sex, she took hold of my hand and shoved my fingers inside. I looked at her. She was watching the back of Tom's head. I looked at Karen and she smiled at me. She placed a hand on my hard shaft and stroked it gently.

Shara's eyes were hooded and her hips were working against Tom's mouth and tongue. Karen moved off the bench and knelt down in front of me between my legs. She placed her mouth on my shaft and swallowed it to the hilt. She slowly bobbed her head up and down swirling her tongue as she went. After a moment she stopped and took my free hand and placed it in the crack of her ass as she came up on her knees higher.

Shara had a full view of Karen's ass and open sex. I slipped my center two fingers down over Karen's anus and into her open vagina. She hummed softly. I was stroking two fingers in and out of each lady. Sue had slipped farther down on the bench. She was rubbing and pulling on her long clit with one hand and her nipples with the other. Her eyes were closed again.

I took my fingers out of Karen's sopping wet vagina and lubricated her anus with the fluid on them. I pressed one finger to the tight ring and it slipped in slowly to the second knuckle. Karen's hum deepened. I slowly worked it in and out. She wiggled her ass from side to side. Sue pulled my wet fingers from her sex and licked them. She sucked them into her mouth and bathed them with her tongue.

Shara moaned loudly and grabbed Tom's head with both hands, rocking her sex hard against his face. She let go with a long louder groan and eased his head away. She sat still for a few seconds, slid forward, and then down onto Tom's lap. From his groan, I'd say she was impaled on him.

Sue stood up on the bench and moved astraddle me. She was holding onto the post behind me as she bent her wide spread legs and pressed her hard long clit to my lips. I sucked it between my teeth and flicked it hard with the tip of my tongue. Her hips twitched. She moaned and pressed harder against my face.

I added a second finger inside Karen's anus. Her hips were circling and bucking back against my fingers. Shara was using her legs to move slowly up and down on Tom. He had a hold on both her ass cheeks, helping her. She was massaging her breasts and lightly pinching and pulling the hard buds of her nipples.

Karen released my shaft and stood up. She turned around and sat down on my shaft. She had one leg on each side of my thighs. She sank her sex slowly to bottom out on my thighs. I knew that Shara had a full view of my shaft disappearing into Karen. Sue stood up a little, allowing Karen to lean back. Sue squatted slightly against Karen's face.

Karen had a hand on each of Sue's ass cheeks massaging them. I reached around and rubbed Karen's clit with my fingers. She growled softly and tried to move on my shaft. She only succeeded in pressing her face harder into Sue's sex. Sue moaned again.

Sue climbed down off the bench and pushed my thighs farther apart. Karen was moving up and down with full-length strokes. I continued to massage her clit. Sue watched our union for a few seconds then walked over and kissed Shara over Tom's shoulder. She returned the kiss passionately.

Shara was moving up and down faster and faster. Sue backed up and went to her knees between mine. She moved my fingers and replaced them with her mouth and tongue. Karen's low growl deepened as she continued to move on me. After a few moments, I felt Sue's tongue swipe against my shaft as Karen rode it faster and faster.

Karen stopped the long strokes suddenly, with me buried to the hilt. She was wiggling and grinding her hips tightly against me. I felt a hot flood as she came. Sue was licking and sucking at the point of our joining. Karen lay back against me and turned her head for a kiss. She tasted of Sue. So did I.

Shara was whispering, "Yes! Yes! Yes!" repeatedly and rapidly.

Karen eased up off me. Sue swallowed my manhood and worked it over with her tongue. Karen slowly walked over to Shara and kissed her. Then she moved to the other side of Tom and kissed him. He let out a deep long grunt. Shara let out a long "Oh!" and hugged Tom tightly while wiggling her hips from side to side. She was pressed tightly to his lap.

Sue stood up and sat down heavily on my shaft. She bounced up and down with short, hard strokes. She was hot and tight inside and soaking wet. Every movement caused a squishing sound. After a dozen or so strokes, she came with a gush and I wasn't far behind.

When my head cleared, Tom was laying on the bench with Shara still on his manhood. She was rocking her hips forward and back in short hard movements. I could see her clit rubbing hard against Tom's pelvic bone on the forward stroke and just barely grazing it on the return. Shara's eyes were tightly closed.

Tom was looking at the point Sue was attached to me. Sue slowly stood up on slightly shaky legs. Karen dropped to her knees and licked at Sue's sex. Sue lifted one leg to the bench. After almost a full minute, Sue backed up. Karen turned and licked at the sweet mess in my lap. She smiled up at me and continued with the clean up. I leaned back to rest and enjoy the sensation of Karen's tongue and mouth.

The sound of Shara's voice in a muffled shouted moan opened my eyes. Sue was kissing her as she came again and again. Tom was twisting and pinching Shara's nipples. Karen raised her head and looked around. She looked back at me with a grin.

*****

A while later, Karen, Sue, and I walked around a small stand of cedars to the small pond on the other side. We entered the cool water to clean up and cool off. I swam to the far side of the shallow pond and stood up. I could see part of the shelter through the cedars. Shara was standing astraddle the bench with her sex in Tom's face. His tongue was working furiously. Shara leaned forward and started to lick at Tom's soft manhood. She sucked it up into her mouth. I smiled and swam back across the pond to the girls.

A little while later, Tom and Shara joined us. They were a little shy and hesitant for some little time. Finally Karen said, "Look guys, don't worry about what happened. It's not a problem, we all got a little over heated talking about things. It happens. No harm done to anyone."

Shara and Tom smiled at her. Karen kissed first one and then the other. Sue did the same. Although when she kissed Shara it was a little lingering on both their parts. I leaned over for a kiss. Shara put her arms around my neck and slowly wrapped herself around me as the kiss drew out. She moved back and giggled.

She finally looked at Karen and said, "I think I want to try going totally bare... The only problem is Tom shaves with an electric razor and the little plastic razors I shave my legs with are kind of a joke."

Sue grinned at Shara and Tom. "I think we can find a razor and shave cream for you. We can even give you a hand, so to speak." She licked her lips slowly. Karen and I both laughed.

"Down girl!" Karen said, "Come by the cabin later and I'll loan you everything you need."

*****

We returned to the trail to find Ken and Sandi White sitting with the Macs and Martha. Everyone was in high spirits when we hit the trail. As we walked, we joked and talked. We caught up with Matt, Kim, and the Everett's before the next rest area.
