 Monday, the forth day the guest's had been here, Matt went to town to pick up our mail. I was giving rowing lessons to Sandi white and Karla Everett. Ken white and Shawn Everett were going fishing, so I showed them some of the better areas to fish.

When I returned to the house for a glass of ice tea, Sue was waiting for me. She and Karen were ready to initiate Kim in the arts of anal sex. When Matt returned they would begin. There was a change of plans though, Kim wanted Matt and I to help. 

Matt arrived a little while later. He was terrible excited about a letter he had from a major sports franchise. They were offering him a job as assistant to the head trainer. The salary and benefits were awesome and he was tempted. He had until the middle of July to give them an answer. He had time to think it over.

"That's great." I told him.

We were talking it over as we entered the bedroom. The girls had the cedar chest moved to the center of the room and a table to hold an assortment of toys and oils. Kim was fresh out of the shower and nervous. Karen and Sue were chattering and in a festive mood. They sent Matt and I to the shower.

When we returned, they had Kim lain out on the padded top of the chest. Sue had that marvelous tongue of hers working at Kim's sex with long licks and deep thrusts. Karen was straddling the chest and had her open sex pressed to Kim's mouth. Kim was trying to give Karen as good as she was getting but Sue had her out gunned by far.

I walked over and kissed Karen. She was humming softly. I bent down and sucked one of Kim's dark, stone hard nipples between my teeth. Matt had the other one. Kim's hips were working in small tight circles with little jerks and shudders.

After a few minutes, Karen moved back and knelt down to kiss Kim. When she broke the kiss, she motioned Matt and I back and sat Kim up. Sue stood up licking her lips and chin. She took Matt's hands and had him lay down on his back on the chest. Karen guided Kim over and settled her straddling Matt's hips. His shaft buried to the max in Kim's hot sex easily.

Sue pushed Kim forward to lie flat on Matt's chest. Her ass was raised and spread by Matt's hips. Sue went to her knees and attacked Kim's anus. Kim reached out, wrapped her fingers around my shaft, and pulled it toward her lips. She kissed and then licked the head before she sucked it into her mouth and ran her tongue around and round.

Sue was probing Kim's ass deeply. Kim was moaning softly around my shaft, moving it in and out of her mouth. Karen handed Sue the small plastic vibrator and moved around to squat over Matt's face. His tongue reached out and stroked her spread inner lips and expanding clit.

Sue inserted the vibrator slowly into the slick opening of Kim's rear. Kim moaned again as Sue worked the shaft slowly in and out. When Kim started to hump against it, Sue removed it. She licked at the crack and flexing opening while she oiled up a larger toy.

She fitted it to the opening and with a rotating motion eased it two inches inside. Kim's moan was louder and she sucked hard on my shaft and the head. Sue kept working the plastic shaft forward slowly. When it was all the way in, she flipped the switch on the end. Both Matt and Kim moaned loudly.

Sue slipped the vibrator slowly out and then back in. Kim's ass was rotating and jerking. She slipped her mouth off my shaft and groaned loudly. I moved behind Sue and knelt down. She was sitting on her heels and was raised up on her toes. 

I reached down between her feet and upward to cup her sex with my hand. I rubbed my hand downward until I could feel her clit under my fingertips. I gently rolled it around then spread my two fingers and pinched it. I pulled on it lightly and let it slowly slip through my fingers. It was Sue's turn to groan.

Slowly, I slid my fingers down her slick slit to the wet, hot opening of her sex. I pressed the two fingers up inside. Sue had oiled the large circular ringed vibrator and was slowly working it into Kim's tight anus. Kim was quiet but her ass was moving all around. Matt was letting out a long muffled groan into Karen's wet sex.

I held my fingers still until Sue had the vibrator fully seated in Kim. She held it there as I withdrew my fingers and massaged Sue's anus ring. I dipped my fingers back into her sopping vagina and continued the massage. As Sue started to move the plastic shaft out and then in, I slowly inserted one finger into her anus. Her ass wiggled and she took a deep breath and held it until the finger was all the way in.

I worked the finger slowly in and out in time with the movement of the vibrator. When I added a second finger, Sue groaned. The large dildo was moving faster and so were my fingers. Kim was grunting in time with the strokes. She was humping back against both shafts

Sue moved up off her feet and back onto her knees with her arm and head on Matt's thigh. I moved forward and jammed my shaft into her wide-open, wet, hot vagina. She froze with a heavy shutter. She slowly started the strokes in and out of Kim again. I matched mine to hers and she was grunting very softly.

Sue gave another shutter and groaned loudly. With the third shutter, she jammed back against me twice hard and then a third time. She was grinding her ass hard in small tight, quick circles as she held the toy deep in Kim and gave out with a long drawn out groan, Her movement stopped except for the roll and squeezing of her tight vaginal sheath.

As she subsided, she moved forward and moved to the side. She removed the vibrator from Kim's ass and took hold of my shaft by the base. I moved forward. Sue lined the head up with the puckered opening. I pressed forward. The shaft slipped inside and continued until I was hilted completely in Kim's ass. I could feel my balls resting against Matt's.

Kim came up off Matt in a push up and wiggled her ass furiously. Matt flexed his hip and move out and then in about three inches. Kim kept wiggling. I made a full slow stroke. Kim yelled and started her hips moving forward and then back hard. She was repeatedly impaling herself on the two shafts completely. 

Her insides were on fire. The walls of her rectum were contracting and sliding around. I could feel Matt's shaft swell through the thin membrane and then a hotter heat flooded down along the bottom of my shaft. I knew Matt was coming. Kim bounced against us and started to wail. The heat increased, along with the internal motion. Karen leaned forward and kissed me.

She was growling into my mouth and wiggling her hips. She pulled back her head and rammed her ass back. I could see Sue behind her, her mouth and tongue replacing Matt's. Kim was totally motionless on the outside. I eased slowly and gently out of her. She whimpered as I did.

I went into the bathroom to clean up. When I returned Matt and Kim were where they had been. Sue was flat on her back with Karen on top in a 69 position. I was still hard as a rock. I moved over and knelt behind Karen. Sue grabbed my shaft and sucked it into her mouth with a swirl of her tongue. She popped it out of her mouth and fitted it to Karen's gapping sex.

When I rammed it home hard, Karen's growl turned into a roar. I continued to ram in and out with hard, fast, full strokes. My balls were bumping Sue's head. She was sucking and nipping Karen's clit. Karen started to come, and come... 

She flooded my shaft and balls and then I started a flood of my own. Karen came again. The flood turned into a tidal wave but Sue's mouth and tongue were working at full speed. Karen and I collapsed on top of her and slowly rolled off onto our sides.

It was a full five minutes before anyone moved. Sue slowly sat up and looked around. Her face and hair were a mess. I tried not to but I laughed. She looked like the kitten that fell face first into the milk bowl. I said as much and everyone chuckled and ribbed her.

Karen elbowed me as she eased her tight wet vagina off my shrunken manhood. "You helped make that cream. I suggest you give me a hand cleaning up our mess... Poor sister Sue, come on baby, we'll fix it." She chuckled and kissed Sue.

We licked and kissed Sue's face and a few other places. Finally we helped her up. We all stopped and kissed Kim and Matt. Then headed for the shower to clean up and wash Sue's hair. Slowly Matt helped Kim join us.

After the shower, we adjourned to the hot tub. Matt told the girls about the letter and that he was thinking seriously of taking the job. It was what he had wanted his whole life. It was what he had studied and work towards. It was also a once in a lifetime opportunity.

We all agreed. We weren't happy about it but if it made Matt happy, so be it. We soaked and talked of the future for a while and rested. We talked of trips to the far coast and visits when the team was in town. Matt would still be family. We cheered up slowly.

*****

Four or five days later, a letter came for Kim. We had a long hike that day and a water volley ball game. It was a long day but fun. The guests were shaping up nicely. It was late when Karen, Sue, and I returned to the cabin. Matt had gone for the mail. He and Kim had the camp chores that day. We had been rotating it whenever possible.

After supper and K. P. we moved to the hot tub. Kim told us about the letter. She had been offered a full professorship at a major university. It included tenure. She was an assistant professor now. It was in the same city that Matt's sports team represented.

She and Matt had discussed it during the day. She was going to take the offer. She and Matt were also going to get married. They still wanted to be part of our family. They both loved us all so. They would just be a separate group most of the time. The family reunions were sure going to be something. That's a fact.

The girls were giggling and laughing. They had a wedding to plan. I asked Matt where he wanted to go for his bachelor party. We were quickly informed that neither of us were anything close to a bachelor. If we wanted a party, they would be all the entertainment we could handle. That went for the bachelorette party also, we informed them.

Sue looked around at everyone and said, "Speaking of parties. I seem to be one short... Both of my wives here have had a double treat, but not me. I'd like to truly know if two heads are better than one."

We all looked around at each other and laughed. Karen said, "I think something can certainly be arranged. What do you think, guys?" Matt and I both grinned and nodded.

Sue stood up and asked, "Now?" 

She was attacked by four sets of lips and four tongues. She shifted and spread her legs wide. I latched onto her swelling clit while Matt ran his tongue up and down her rear crack. Karen and Kim licked and kissed a thigh apiece.

"Ah...! I take it... this means... yes?" Sue asked squirming around between us.

Kim and Karen stood up and rubbed their sexes against the outer sides of Sue's legs. They sucked and licked at her breasts and hard nipples. Sue held onto them for support. She was moaning softly. Her hips were rotating slowly.

I stood up, lifting her right leg and wrapping it around my hip. Matt guided my manhood to her open, ready vagina. I slowly slid inward to the utmost limit. I could feel Matt's chin on my balls as he continued to work his tongue at Sue's rear.

His chin move away and I felt something slid up into Sue's anus. It was a finger. Sue groaned and wiggled her hips. She had a small orgasm. Kim and Karen were still sucking, biting, and licking Sue's nipples. The finger moved in and out several times and then was replaced by two. Sue's hips jumped and jerked as she moaned and then sighed.

I could feel Matt's fingers moving against my shaft. The fingers were removed and he stood up. The head of his shaft rubbed against my balls and then the base of my buried shaft. Sue moved upward on her toes as Matt's hardness entered her anus. When the head was firmly seated he paused.

Sue slowly came down off her toes and flexed her hips backward and forward. I felt Matt slip deeper and deeper. Sue was groaning and panting as Matt's shaft slowly sunk into her. As the head passed mine and stopped, so did she. There was a long drawn out sigh from her lips.

She slowly rotated and then flexed her hips. She sighed again. I pulled out about three inches and went back in. Matt did the same when I stopped. This drew a long drawn out "Ah" from Sue. Matt and I got a slow steady rhythm going. The "Ah" was now continuous. She wasn't moving her hips. Just her insides were moving and they were boiling.

Matt and I continued the out of sync strokes but making them longer and longer. The "Ah" increased in volume. She was shaking and coming at each stroke. Kim and Karen had released her breasts and were holding her up. Matt shortened his strokes and sped them up. I followed suite. We were in sync now. 

At the bottom of each jab Sue yelled. "Oh!"

She was coming almost continuously now. Matt's shaft swelled and started to jerk. He was coming and it set me off. I shot three long hard spurts up into Sue. She screamed and went limp. The four of us held her.

It was almost three minutes before she stirred. Her insides were still rolling and jerking. Little quivers and shivers ran up and down my still hard shaft. Sue was making a soft whimpering sound as I started to ease out of her.

She jerked her hips forward and yelled, "No! No... Pleased don't... Don't move. Please!" 

She was breathing hard. Slowly the quivers got weaker. Sue took some of her weight on her shaky leg and moved the other to the floor.

Her legs closed, trapping Matt and I in a tight vise. She leaned her head against Matt's shoulder. "Boy, oh, boy... do I have that full... feeling or what. Now I know what a sardine can feels like. I'm packed. God, what a feeling."

I kissed her. My movement caused my shaft to shift against Matt's. Sue shivered and groaned into my mouth. I heard Kim said to Karen, "What are we going to do about this hussy wife of ours. She has no shame at all. She's been coming for ten minutes and ain't ready to quit yet." Karen laughed.

"Of course after the other night I got no room to talk. I couldn't stop either. That totally packed feeling does it to a girl," Kim said with a chuckle.

"You know it girlfriend," Karen put in.

We stood there until Matt and I were both soft. It took a while. As we shrank, the movement caused Sue to come, which caused us to twitch, which caused Sue to come... By the time we were completely soft, we were holding Sue up again.

Finally, I eased out of her and Matt followed slowly. He held her while I gently washed her nether region. He picked her up and handed her to me. I stood her up as the girls dried her off. I picked her up and carried her to bed.

As I laid her down and covered her up she mumbled, "Thank you, daddy. I love you so much." I kissed her forehead gently. She smiled and was asleep. I returned to the bathroom.

When I entered the shower, I saw that Karen and Kim were attacking Matt's manhood orally. It was well on its way back to life. Kim turned and grinned at me. She turned around on her knees and swallowed me. Her tongue was all over me.

Moving back, I lay down flat on the shower floor. I had to put my feet up on the wall. Just before Kim's sex blocked my view I saw Matt sitting on the seat with Karen between his knees. Kim was hot and wet. I licked and sucked everything I could reach. She had the head of my shaft in her mouth. She was worrying at it like a dog with a bone.

I buried my tongue deep in her burning vagina and sucked greedily. She hummed around my shaft. It was getting hard again slowly. I licked and sucked her clit. When I scrapped my teeth over it and nipped at it, she whined deep in her chest.

She got up and turned around. I scooted up and back. She squatted down over my shaft and sat down hard. I felt the soft head of my shaft, hit bottom. She groaned and wiggled her hips around furiously. I could feel the head rubbed across the cervices. She continued to groan and wiggle. The wiggle changed to a hard bounce. She was getting hotter and hotter inside.

Suddenly she froze and hunched backward and forward fast and hard. She was coming at every movement. The head of my shaft still rubbed hard against her cervices. Suddenly it popped through. Kim sat straight up and froze again. There was a shocked expression on her face. She started to whimper loudly and rocked from side to side.

The walls of her vagina were sucking and grabbing at my shaft. She got tighter and tighter, the heat was incredible. There was a churning nibbling sensation around the head of my shaft. Wave after wave of wet heat ran up and down my shaft. I came in a gush, long and hard.

Kim froze and a scream tore from her throat. She bounced up and down on my shaft five or six times, the head of my shaft penetrating the cervices each time. She fell forward on top of me. She was kissing my chest between deep ragged breaths.

My head was starting to clear. Kim was laying very still on me. My shaft was slowly shrinking again. It wasn't coming out of her sheath; she had to tight a grip on it. A low growling noise penetrated the fog inside my head.

Karen was on her elbow and knees. Matt was burying his long shaft repeatedly in her raise, stretched anus. She had three fingers of one hand working frantically in her vagina and at her clit. Matt was slamming into her ass cheeks with loud slaps. The growl was steadily growing into a roar.

Matt rammed his shaft one last time into her as hard as he could and stopped grinding his hips against her ass cheeks. Karen came up onto her hands and threw back her head with a yell. Her ass was grinding as hard as Matt's hips were.

They slowly slid to the floor. They were as still as Kim and I. Kim raised her head and wiggled up to kiss me. Her sex grudgingly released my soft, sore member. She snuggled against me and sighed once, a long drawn out happy sound.

Matt and Karen slowly rolled over to their sides. Karen had this very large grin on her face. She blew me a kiss and wiggled her butt against Matt. He moaned softly and I smiled. I knew how he felt. Three hot sweet, spicy, and saucy horny toads were great, even if they were wearing on a man. It's a rough job but someone's got to do it... Thank God it's me.