 Matt and I moved the barbecue pit to the dock along with an iced keg of beer. As we set about starting the charcoal, couples started to drift out to join us. Shawn and Karla were the first. Karla asked where the girls were. I told her the kitchen. She left us and headed that way. She snagged Beth and Martha on the way.

Greg and Ken joined us as Shawn pumped the keg and got the beer to pour without too much foam. Matt asked after Sandi. She was already in the house. Tom and Shara were the last to arrive. I caught Greg and Shawn's smiles as they took in the arrow point and clean shave of Shara's sex. Ken White openly stared.

Shara saw Ken's gaze and sat down on a bench across from him. She slowly crossed and then re-crossed her legs. Tom had also seen the stare. He had his back to Ken. He grinned at his wife and winked. She smiled at him.

Shara asked where all the ladies were. When we told her, she kissed Tom and left. After she was out of earshot, Greg asked Tom, "How did you get her to do that? I've tried to get Beth too but she always laughs and ignores the request."

Tom replied, "I didn't. She wanted to try it. Although she did have a little encouragement from Karen and Sue."

Greg looked at me and then at Matt. "Think you could pass the word for them to talk to Beth and maybe Martha, although I don't know about Martha. She is funny about certain things."

Shawn asked no one in particular, "What makes a woman with no hair down there so much sexier? Is it that they look more like the little girls we played doctor with in our youth?"

We all chuckled. Matt and I went to get the steaks and sausage for the grill. I did mention Greg's request to Karen when I had her alone for a moment. She looked at me with a thoughtful look. 

"Don't be in a real hurry putting the steaks on," was all she said as we left.

We returned to the dock and told the rest of the guys that the girls were behind and we could hold off on the steaks for a while. I dampened the fire and put a couple of sausage on for snacking. We were telling war stories, and hunting and fishing lies when the girls finally filed out of the house carrying a ton of stuff. 

Matt looked at me funny. They were all wearing aprons around their waists. As they put the stuff on the table Karen told me to start the steaks. Matt helped me while Ken and Shawn played bartenders to the ladies. They also refilled all of our cups. The girls found seats.

Matt and I finished loading the grill and adjusting the vents. We walked over and sat next to our ladies. Karen winked at me. She looked around and said, "Ladies shall we?" There were nods and murmurs of approval all around.

They all got up, walked back down the dock a short way, and lined up in a semicircle facing us. Karen looked along the line and took a step forward. She took off the apron. She walked over and sat in my lap. Sue stepped forward and removed hers. She moved to sit in Matt's lap. Shara stepped up and remove hers. She headed for Tom's lap. All the guys were looking at each other and the girls. We weren't sure what was going on.

Then Beth stepped forward and undid her apron. She slowly lowered it. As her sex came into view, Greg let out a slow whistle. Beth took a step to the side with one foot. She was smooth shaven except for a small patch on her mound. She ran her hand over the area and walked over to sit in Greg's lap.

Sandi also dropped the apron slowly. She was totally slick. She spread her legs to display the fact. Ken was staring with his mouth open. She walked over and sat down astraddle his hips. They locked into a hot passionate kiss.

Karla and Martha looked at each other and both started to remove the aprons. Both had left an inch strip of short trimmed hair down the middle. It widened out to four or five inches at the top of their mounds. They made a production out of the display. Karla headed toward Shawn.

He stopped her right in front of his lap. He moved right to the end of the bench and guided her in sitting down as Sandi had. She wiggled up tight against him and slowly rocked her hips. He kissed her.

As Martha walked up to Greg, he and Beth both stood and kissed her. Greg rubbed first Beth's bare skin and then Martha's. His manhood was getting more ridged by the moment. His wasn't the only one. I kissed Karen long and hard. I hugged her and whispered, "Thanks." I kissed her again.

I eased her off my lap. I needed to turn the steaks. As I passed Sue and Matt, I stopped and looked around. Where was Kim? I asked Sue. "She'll be along a little later. She's working on something." I kissed her. Matt helped me with the meat.

There were a series of splashes. Greg, Beth, and Martha were swimming toward the float. Kenny and Sandi hit the water a few seconds later. They also swam for the float. I heard a stifled moan to my left and turned my gaze that way. Karla Everett was still hugged up tight on her husbands lap. Her eyes were tightly shut and she was absolutely still, except for a small, tight shiver running slowly up and down her body.

Looking for the Thompson's, I saw them walking around the end of the boathouse away from the dock. Kim walking toward us from the house caught my attention. She was wearing a bibbed apron and carrying a large covered bowl. She gave me a kiss and a big wink.

I got her a beer and refilled Matt's and mine. Karen and Sue came over for refills. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Karla slowly uncouple herself off Shawn's lap. They moved toward the opening in the rail. Karla was trying to cover up the rather large mess they had made. She glanced at me and I winked. She smiled a shy smile and Shawn laughed. They hit the lake.

Dampening the fire down on the grill, I moved the steaks to one side. The five of us munched on sausage and drank beer. Slowly over a period of time the couples started to return. When we were all here, I started to hand out steaks and sausage. The girls uncovered the trimming.

The meal was good and the company excellent. Everyone was in high spirits. There were lots of joking and innuendoes about the shaving party the girls had so quickly arranged. There were also quite a bit of ribbing from the girls on our attitudes and reactions. It was a great fun.

When we were about all finished, Karen told everyone to get busy with K.P. So desert could be served. Everyone helped carry everything back inside. The girls promptly ran us men folks out. We put up the grill and moved the keg to the front porch. We policed the dock and area. We were sitting around talking when Sue called us inside.

*****

Kim, Sue, Karen, and Martha were lying across the dinning room table. Sandi, Shara, Beth, and Karla were sitting in chairs in the middle of the room. All of them had their breasts and the V of their sex covered with chocolate frosting. It was a thin solid coat.

Each husband headed for his wife. Matt and I had a smorgasbord of four ladies. I moved to the right to stand over Karen and Martha. I was grinning as I looked them all four over. I winked at Kim. She had had a hell of an idea. I looked over at the four couples across the room. The men all had chocolate smeared faces. Their wives had a mixture of expressions. All good.

I extended a hand to Karen and Martha. They shook their heads and motioned me around the table to where their heads were. I leaned over and licked one of Karen's breasts. The chocolate was sweet. I licked at one of Martha's sweet-coated nipples. I leaned forward and alternated between the four breasts before me. From time to time I felt a lick on my ridged shaft. When most of the sweet treat was removed from the four breasts I moved to the other side of the table.

I pulled a chair up and sat between Karen's legs. I lapped and sucked at the sticky sweet chocolate coating her sex. Martha rolled slightly to the side and cleaned up the chocolate I had missed on Karen's breasts. As I continued my feast, Martha feed her breasts to Karen one at a time. I was cleaning her clit and the folds of her inner lips when Greg sat down beside me.

He went to work on Martha's chocolate coating. Beth had the bowl of fudge treat and applied some to Greg's large, stiff, hard shaft. Beth was having a treat of her own. I moved my mouth and tongue to Karen's hot spicy opening. She was groaning and massaging her own breasts. I worked my way back up to her clit. 

She turned her head and kissed Martha. They both groaned deeply. Karen's ass was lifting off the table each time I sucked on her clit. I gently nipped it. Her hips jumped against my face. I moved back to her open sex and jammed my mouth tight against it, working my tongue as deeply as I could. She grabbed my hair and as her hips jumped and jerked as she came hard.

Martha was humping her hips hard against Greg's mouth. He hung on and worked his tongue faster. Karen released the hold on my hair. I was eyeing the very large clit rising from Martha's slit. It was by far the largest I had ever seen. Sue hadn't been kidding about its size.

Karen's eyes swiveled to see what I was staring at. Her eyes widened and her mouth opened. I moved out of the way as she turned around on the table. Karen extended her tongue and licked upward along the length of Martha's clit. Martha twitched her hips and placed a hand on the back of Karen's head. Karen sucked the small phallus between her lips and Martha groaned loudly.

After a few moments of just sucking, Karen started running her lips up and down the shaft and flicking her tongue. The two tongues were driving Martha wild. Greg let out a muffled groan. I looked under the edge of the table to see Beth and Sue attacking his large shaft with abandon. Neither girl could get more than the head in their mouth but that wasn't slowing them down.

Ken and Shawn were laying flat on the floor with their heads in opposite directions. Sandi and Karla were having a pony race. As they rode their husbands they were locked in a passionate kiss.

Tom was sitting in the chair Shara had started in. She was bouncing slowly on his lap. His shaft was riding in and out of her vagina in long full strokes. The arrow of hair on her mound was pointing invitingly to her swollen clit.

I walked over and knelt down in front of her. Her eyes were closed. I could see the delicate folds of her opening stretch and drag along Tom's shaft as she rode upward. She would pause at the top with just the head still trapped. As she started down the folds were pressed inward. Her clit was pulled downward. It wasn't making contact with the shaft.

She was lightly caressing her breasts and rolling the hard buds of her nipples. She opened her eyes and looked at me. She smiled and reached out a hand to my head. She pulled my head down toward her clit. She stopped her long stroke about half way down Tom's shaft.

I fastened my lips to the hot little nub of her clit. I flicked it lightly with my tongue. She was moving her hips in little two to three inch strokes. The faster I flicked her clit the faster the strokes were.

Suddenly she sat down on the shaft hard and her clit was jerked out of my mouth. She grabbed my head with both hands and shoved it back to her clit. I licked it hard and then sucked it between my lips and rolled it with my tongue. She worked her hips back and forth in short jerks.

Tom groaned and flexed his hips under her. She stopped moving and ground her ass against him and her clit against my mouth. I flicked it rapidly. Her hips jerked and shuddered and she pushed my mouth away. I looked up at her face. Her eyes were vacant and her mouth open. I smiled at her and winked when she opened her eyes. She smiled and winked back.

I turned back to the table. Karen and Martha were bent face down on the table. Matt and Greg were working their shafts in and out of the girls. Matt was buried in Karen's rear. She was wiggling furiously. Martha's vagina was stretched wide with Greg's monster dick.

Beth was on the floor in a 69 position on top of Sue. Kim was helping Sue work on Beth's nether region. Karla and Sandi had switched ponies. Both were riding hard. They were still kissing and hugging.

I walked over behind Kim's up raised rear and knelt down. I worked my tongue up and down the crack from clit to tail bone. She spread her thighs farther and wiggled against my tongue and face. She was very, very wet and tasty. After a few minutes of my tongue work, Kim was rotating her little butt and whimpering softly.

I rose up and fitted the head of my shaft to her opening. I held it there, just inside the opening. I had to hold onto Kim's hips to keep her from ramming back. I eased forward very, very slowly. The sensation was excruciatingly delicious. Kim's tight sleeve was at a hot, rolling boil. The walls seemed to squirm around and clinch my shaft.

The deeper I went the hotter it got. By the time I was fully seated, it was almost painfully delightful. Kim was shivering and shuddering. I started slow in and out strokes. Kim's ass was rotating and jerking at a high rate. I increased the speed and length of the strokes. Kim pounded back on the bottom of each. I felt my orgasm building.

As I started to come, I buried my shaft fully and held it there. Kim lifted her head and arched her back. Spurt after hot spurt painted the inside of her vagina. At each, she flexed her hips back hard; a rippling wave ran up and down the length of my manhood. A hot flood covered the base of my shaft and ran down over my balls.

Kim looked over her shoulder at me and grinned. "Thanks, I needed that." She went back to licking Beth's raised ass.

Beth was jumping around over Sue's face. Sue's long tongue was doing it usual great things. I backed up and leaned down to clean up Kim's and my mess. She shivered and gently wiggled against me.

When I sat back, I saw Karen leading Greg over toward me by his still hard appendage. Martha had moved off the table to the floor. She and Matt were locked into a 69. I moved back from Kim. Karen positioned Greg and rubbed the massive head of his manhood up and down Kim's crack.

Kim's head came up and around quickly. Her eyes were wide and got wider as Greg eased his large shaft slowly forward into her vagina. Kim rotated her hips and dropped her upper body to the floor. A long low whining "Ah" came from her chest.

I squatted to the side to watch the joining of their flesh. Greg's diameter had the opening stretched and puckered in. Kim's clit was pulled down tight against the under side of the shaft and scraped along as it moved in. When Greg was about five inches in, Kim moved forward. He stopped and held still. Kim rotated and wiggled her hips like mad.

There was a hand on my shoulder. I looked up at Tom and Shara. He had a big grin on his face. Shara had a look of awe and wonder on hers. She had a tight grip on Tom's growing manhood.

When I looked back, Ken and Shawn were standing on the other side of Greg. Sandi and Karla were squatted in front of them. Both girls had wide eyed funny expressions on their faces. They turned their heads and looked at each other. Karla shook her head vigorously. Sandi grinned and nodded slowly.

Greg moved his hips back slowly, paused, and went slowly forward until Kim moved away again. He stopped. Kim was a wild woman, jerking and bucking her hips. Greg started to slowly saw in and out. Kim's whine was now a wail. Each time he went a little deeper. He was about eight inches in and Kim's hips were hunching and jerking strongly at each stroke. Karen who had been rubbing Kim's back and ass cheeks slipped a finger into the flexing ring of her anus.

The wail turned into a long scream. Kim's hips were shaking and quivering, as she was deep in the throws of a huge orgasm. Greg continued to stroke slowly. Kim's orgasm went on and on. She finally collapsed slowly. She slipped off Greg's shaft with a sucking sound and lay still on the floor.

Sue looked at Beth and raised her eyebrows. Beth nodded with a big smile. Sue went to her hands and knees and backed up to Greg. Greg rubbed the head of his manhood in a tight circle over Sue's wet opening. As he slipped it inside, Matt went to his knees in front of Sue and stuck his manhood against her lips.

Sue sucked at the head, and then slid her mouth downward at the same rate Greg was entering her from the rear. When he was about half way in Greg reversed and pulled out. He started back in at a faster rate. He pressed inward until Sue moved away. Matt was out of sight in her mouth and throat.

Sue's deep growl sounded like Karen's. Greg was almost all the way in. Sue's ass was bobbing and darting all around. Greg was making long hard strokes. On the inward movement her clit was gripped tightly by the top of her slit and held in tight contact with the huge shaft. Her large clit was pulsing and jumping on it's own.

She growled louder around Matt's shaft and jerked back hard onto Greg. He was fully seated against her smooth ass cheeks. Matt's hips were jerking and twitching as he unloaded into her throat, Sue was swallowing hard and fast.

I heard a loud groan and looked to the left to see Sandi and Karla trying to swallow each other's husbands like Sue was Matt. They had turned slightly so they could suck and watch at the same time. Karla was groaning. Kim was between her spread thighs licking and sucking at her sex. Karen was under Sandi.

Shara was on her hands and knees with Tom buried in her vagina, stroking for all he was worth. Beth and Martha walked over to me and laid me back on the floor. Beth sat down hard on my manhood, while Martha straddled my head and stuck that long clit of hers in my mouth.

I heard Sue start to come with a roaring yell. Karla was yelling also. Sandi was moaning loudly. Greg gave out with a groan of his own. I could hear the rapid slap of Tom's hips on Shara's ass. Beth leaned far back and Martha forward. Beth was moving in long gliding strokes over my shaft. I could feel Martha's tongue and chin on my shaft. She was working on Beth and me both at the same time.

It didn't take long for Beth to explode. She set me off, which set her off again. Martha was just slightly behind us. She liked to have smothered me when she came. She ground her wet opening to my mouth and tongue. Her ass was against my nose. I had to push up on her to get any air. I got two quick gulps before she sat back down.

Martha rose up and sat over to the side of me. Beth lay down on top of me, resting her cheek on my chest. We lay still for a moment. Beth giggled and then chuckled. I turned my head and looked around. There were bodies everywhere.

Tom and Shara were lying as two spoons. Shawn and Ken were lying side by side a short distance away. Kim was cuddled up along side Karen. Kim's head was on her shoulder. Sue was lying on her stomach between Matt's legs with her head pillowed on his pelvis. Greg was sprawled flat on his back.

What had Beth's attention were Karla and Sandi. They were laying one on each side of Greg with their heads resting on his lower stomach. They had a two handed grip on his shrinking manhood, Karla's hand on bottom and Sandi's on top, their hands together just barely reached around.

First Sandi would reach out with her tongue and run it over the large head. Then Karla would. They alternated. They were totally entranced by the shaft in front of them. They were like two kids sharing the last ice cream cone in the world.

Martha scooted over, laid her head on my shoulder, and wrapped an arm over Beth's back. She lay on her side against us both. I closed my eyes and relaxed.