 As we entered our cabin, Sue, Karen, and Kim, ganged up on me. They wanted to know what happened on the trail behind them. I told them about my talk with Tom and Shara. Also, about Greg and Beth's love fest and about Martha's sneaking and peeking. When I told them about Martha being caught and what happened, they could hardly believe it. I had solved the mystery of Greg Mac's tool for them. There were some quick looks exchanged among the horny toads and then they laughed.

Matt came in about then and I had to go over it all again. This time everyone wanted more details, especially the horny toads. They told of how Brian O'Dell had hit on each of them at least once. I ask Matt if Brian had gotten off all right.

"Well, if you mean, did he get in the car and leave then yes.... Sandy Roberts left with him. She was all over him from the time we left camp, until they were in the car. As it pulled away, I could see her disappear from sight and then him. If it's at all possible, I'd say he's got off by now." Matt told us with a chuckle. I just shook my head.

Sue and Kim looked at each other and then at me. Kim asked "What happened to you and Sandy on the trail? She caught up with us just before the bridge and you were at the shelter when we arrived."

I filled them in on Sandy and I. It was not a pleasant story for me to tell. I asked Kim and Sue, "Why did you send her to me for what she wanted? I figured Matt would be more her type."

Sue and Kim looked at each other and then at me. "What the hell is he talking about? We didn't send her anywhere," Kim said looking at Sue. Sue shook her head and shrugged.

Karen laughed, hugged me, and then kissed me. "You've been had, darling. The little sex queen had her fun with you and bugged out. There may be more to the John and Sandy story than met the eye.... Poor baby." She kissed me again.

"Well, the score at the end of two days is minus three. That's not too good. At this rate we'll be out of business by the end of the first week," I said.

"That's just the negative side. How about the Thompson's and Martha, they are on the plus side. I think we are making progress with the Whites and Everett's. I know we are with the Mac's," Kim said.

We moved to the shower. Five warm soapy bodies rubbing together, is a fine way to end a discussion. When we had finished and dried off, the girls headed for the kitchen. Matt and I took down the bed frame and moved it upstairs. We moved the enlarged floor bed to the corner and remade it.

Matt found our box of toys and rummaged through it. He came up with the largest dildo I had ever seen. It was even bigger than Greg Mac was. Grinning at me, he hid it under the edge of the bed. I dug through the box and found another that was nearly as large. I had an idea and headed for the kitchen.

As I entered the kitchen, a hushed conversation among the girls was silenced. I stood holding the large dildo and looked from one to the others. 

Karen asked, "What's that for? You having problems with your image after Greg?" The other two girls laughed.

"As a matter of fact, I was thinking of Greg. Also of Beth and Martha. What do you girls think?" I said.

They looked at each other and back at me. Sue said, "I think you may have a good idea, there. I'll make the delivery, if the second light ever goes out." She walked over, took the phallus, and gave me a kiss, a big kiss.

When she was finished, I turned to leave and ran into Kim. She stretched up and wrapped her arms around my neck. I bent to kiss her. Just about the time we were coming up for air, Sue goosed me with the rubber penis. When I jumped, I lifted Kim off the floor. She held on and wrapped her legs around me. I kissed her again as her sex nibbled at the head of my manhood. 

"If you don't stop molesting the kitchen help, we'll never eat tonight.... Food that is, now grab two beers, not two buns, and get out," Karen said with mock harshness. Sue giggle. Kim slid down me like a flagpole.

I got the beers and headed for the front porch with Matt. Both lights were on at all four of the occupied cabins. I handed Matt a beer and sat down in the old straight back chair. I leaned it back to the wall. Matt went and got another and leaned back next to me.

"Question, Mark," he said, pausing until I looked at him. He leaned closer to me and asked quietly, "Did you notice how Kim was watching Karen and Sue get reamed in the rear last night?"

"Oh yes, I sure did. Thanks for reminding me. I need to talk to Karen on the "Q.T." It will mean you and I will have to find an excuse to be gone for a good while, but we won't be going anywhere too far, if I know a certain spicy lady. You'll enjoy this show."

Matt looked at me funny but did not ask anything. I told him about Sue's breaking in experience with Karen and my view of the proceedings. He just sat back and smiled.

I noticed that there was only one light over the door of the Mac's cabin. As I sat forward, the door opened and Martha came onto the porch with her arm around Beth. They kissed gently. Greg came out to stand behind his wife. He was grinning. They talked a moment and then Martha turned and strolled away to her cabin.

I went inside to tell Sue. She left by the back door. I finished setting the table, as supper was ready. When I went to get Matt, the double lights were on over Martha's door. We went inside to eat.

Karen and Kim were at the table. Matt and I joined them. I asked Matt if he had seen Sue. Yes, she was in Martha's cabin. Kim and Karen exchanged looks and they both laughed.

"Martha may have bitten off more than she can chew. Between that toy and Sue's tongue, she is in for a treat. I don't think we need to wait supper for Sue. She's having her dessert first as usual," Karen said and laughed again.

"Our sister Sue is still stretching her wings. To go back to the point she is at now, would be wonderful, especially knowing what I do now," Kim sighed. "Back to when everything was new and never done before." She sighed again.

I looked at Matt and winked. "Speaking of new things, Kim, I couldn't help noticing your fascination at Karen's and Sue's anal activity this morning. Am I to assume you've never tried it?" I smiled at Karen.

Kim reddened slightly. It was the first time I had seen her do that. Karen was leaning forward, waiting for her answer. Kim stuttered a little as she said, "Well.... I.... Uh.... Once... or twice." 

She took several deep breaths and started again. "I have once or twice. We... rather, I had major problems. The gentleman and I were both quite young. He was not large, only average. Even so, our lack of experience made it a painful ordeal." 

She looked at the three of us. "What got me was the ease with which you two well endowed gentlemen slid in... and how quickly you were bottomed out and how fast both you, Karen, and Sue started to come."

Karen looked at me and smiled broadly. She looked Kim in the eyes and said, "It only takes practice and a gentle, knowledgeable partner. I will make a deal with you. Sue and I will help you with your rear, if you help me with something I have always wanted to try."

"Anything you need I'd help you with, that goes without saying. What do you want?" Kim asked.

Karen licked her lips and slowly looked from me to Matt and back again. Kim watched her and laughed loudly. Matt and I looked at her and then each other. Kim said, "You two haven't figured it out.... She wants to be greedy. She wants both of you at once. This I want to see, I may even try it myself... one day."

Karen was smiling shyly. I almost couldn't believe it. Not that she wanted us both, but that she could be or would be shy about it. Yet, here she was, coyly looking at us through her lashes. 

I smiled and shook my head. "Karen, I love you. You keep surprising me, even after all this time. If Matt's willing, we'll try anything once." 

Matt nodded, grinning. "And the good things, twice."

We finished eating supper, three of us slowly, one quickly. Karen then sat and wiggled like a small child who wanted to go out and play. We made her wait. 

*****

When we had finished and the kitchen was clean and neat, we retired to the bedroom. I left one of the front porch lights on and the lamp in the living room on low. The double lights were still on at Martha's cabin. The other three were out. 

I dimmed the bathroom light and extinguished the bedroom lights. Karen and Kim were discussing how to accomplish what Karen wanted. I suggested the cedar chest and Karen kissed me. I got the oil and a couple of our toys. 

Karen lay down on her stomach on the padded top. She spread her legs to straddle the chest. Kim went to her knees behind Karen and gave her a licking from clit to anus. When Karen moaned softly, she moved, Matt did the same thing.

When he moved, I knelt and oiled up Karen's ass and slit. I oiled two fingers and slipped them into her opening. Kim kissed Karen deeply. I moved the fingers around and round and then in and out. Karen moaned into Kim's mouth. I slid the two fingers up the valley of Karen's ass. I paused to rub my fingertips around the brown ring and slip just the tip of one in.

Kim moved away from Karen's mouth. Matt rubbed the head of his hard shaft against Karen's lips. She licked at it and then opened her mouth to suck on it. I slid one finger into her anus. She groaned deeply. I worked it in and out until she started to move her hips. I replaced my finger with the medium sized toy. Kim knelt beside me and watched closely.

I took her hand and placed it on the end of the dildo. I put my hand on top of hers and worked the plastic shaft slowly in and out. After a few strokes, I took my hand away. Kim continued the stroking of Karen's anus. I took the larger vibrator and oiled it.

Easing it into Karen's wide-open vagina, her hips started rotating. I pulled the shaft out of her vagina and handed it to Kim. She eased the smaller one out and placed the larger against the brown ring. She pushed gently forward. Karen's ass bucked back swallowing most of the dildo. As her ass moved forward, she jerked the plastic out of Kim's hand. Karen's ass was flexing and clenching around the intruder.

Matt walked over to the bed and returned. He walked up behind Kim. I took the dildo and worked it slowly in and out. When Kim stood up, Matt whispered something to her. She bent over at the waist and stuck her ass out, spreading her legs wide. I then saw what Matt had in his hand.

He took the huge dildo and oiled it. He walked around to the far side of Kim and got a good grip on her waist with one arm and hand. With the other hand, he fitted the head of the rubber phallus to Kim's wet opening. He started to apply pressure.

Kim tried to stand and then tried to move forward. He held her in place. She wiggled her ass and groaned as a third of the shaft disappeared. He paused a few seconds and then started to work it in and out. Kim's ass went wild as he fed in a little more and rotated the shaft. Kim whined and thrashed about. Matt held the shaft in place until she subsided. He slowly released her and then patted the protruding end of the long thick shaft twice.

Kim would have fallen if her hands were not braced on the cedar chest. Her knees were trembling. She slowly stood up straight and closed her legs tightly. She groaned and shivered. She slowly walked over in front of Karen's face, turned and bent back over, displaying to Karen what was buried in her hot, tight, and now fully pack vagina.

Karen gasped and then moaned. I removed the vibrator from her ass as Kim moved forward a little and went to her knees. She leaned forward to place her face and shoulders on the end of the bed. She reached back and grabbed the protruding shaft with both hands. She pulled it out slowly and then forced it back forward. Kim trembled and moaned loudly. Karen watched wide-eyed.

"Karen dear, stand up a moment," I said.

When she did, with a little help, I motioned Matt to lie down on his back in her place. I took the oil and lubricated his shaft. Karen was still watching Kim. I moved her forward. When she bumped Matt's knees, she looked at him. His shaft was standing fully erect.

Karen straddled him and sat down on his manhood. It slid in easily. Karen rode up and down on it, slowly. She went back to watching Kim. Kim was moaning and groaning almost continually with the slow in and out movement of the huge rubber shaft. Karen matched her movements to Kim's.

After a full minute, Matt reached up and pulled Karen down into a long kiss. Her ass was sticking up and out from the way she was impaled and spread by Matt's thighs. I eased in behind her and pressed the head of my shaft to her anus. She jerked but could not move far. 

I pushed forward and snapped through the tight ring of muscles around the opening. With the oil on my shaft and inside her rectum, I slid in slowly until I was bottomed out against her smooth ass cheeks. The whole way in she was growling into Matt's mouth. When Kim heard the growl, she released her grip on the rubber dildo and slowly got to her feet. I saw that there was more inside than there had been.

Kim walked over to look at the three way union. "Karen, my greedy spouse, you have your wish.... You have about sixteen inches of rock hard dick in you right now. How does it feel? Is it what you expected?" Kim asked.

Karen pushed up with her hands and arms slowly. She said to Kim, "How does that monster between your leg feel? Probable as good as this, except the real things are hot and throbbing. I keep coming lightly to the combined throbs.... I know I flooded Matt's balls when Mark slipped up my tail. When someone or all of us move, I'm probable going to die." 

"Ah!" she yelped as I eased back about four inches. 

Karen tried to move back down my shaft but could not. She was hilted on Matt. I eased back in and held still. Karen rocked forward a few inches then back. She growled deeply. She continued to move slowly back and forth. The growl became a roar. She shook all over.

She stopped and sat back, resting. After a moment, she moved forward until my hands on her hips stopped her. The head of my shaft was about to pop out. She eased back slightly and rotated her hips. Suddenly, she slammed back as hard as she could, until we were hilted again. 

A scream tore from Karen's lips. She quickly moved forward, then back. A whimper accompanied the forward stroke and a scream ended the rearward.

Karen kept this up until at last she collapsed onto Matt. She lay there quivering and jerking. She was breathing hard. The heat of her insides was as hot as Kim's ever was. I slowly eased backward out of her. She shuddered, shivered, and then lay quietly.

I moved so I could kiss her lips. She slowly opened her eyes. She smiled. "Was that what you wanted, darling?" I asked. She nodded slowly. I kissed her lightly again. I smiled at Matt; he smiled back and wrapped his arms around Karen.

Kim was still on her knees. She had a glazed expression on her face. I knelt and gently brushed my lips to hers. She blinked and shook her head. 

"Well, are you ready for your turn?" I asked.

She stared at me. She blinked several times and licked her lips. "Damn! That was something. I thought she would hurt herself.... One day I might just try it. I do not know if I could handle it.... Damn!"

I kissed her again and stood up. I headed to the bathroom to clean up. When I returned Karen was still on Matt. She was snoring lightly. I was trying to figure out how to get her to bed when Matt rolled slowly to his side. I squatted down and took Karen in my arms. I lifted her and carried her to the bed. I gently lay her down and covered her up. I kissed her cheek.

As I moved away and off the bed, I saw Kim between Matt's legs. She was licking and sucking at his limp manhood. She continued to clean the whole area. It was soaked with sticky, spicy sweet fluid. The huge dildo was still sticking out of Kim's body. I reached between her legs and took hold of it. I twisted it slightly. Kim moaned and sat up straighter.

Matt saw Kim moving up and down on the shaft as I held it. He sat up, moved off the chest, and went toward the bathroom. I heard the shower running. I let go of the shaft. Her ass kept humping. I eased her up and laid her face down on the pad.

Her ass was slowly moving up and down. I grabbed the shaft and let her have her way with it. I leaned my head forward and licked my tongue up the crack in her ass repeatedly. Her ass moved faster. I circled my tongue around the opening of her anus. She moaned. I tried to insert the tip of my tongue. She jumped as if I had stuck a live wire to her.

Matt returned and straddled Kim facing me. He motioned me back and replaced my tongue with his. I took hold of the rubber shaft and pulled it almost all the way out. I held it there. Kim's ass was circling and flexing. I pushed the shaft in until her hips tried to move away. 

I stopped and held still again. Her hips were humping against it in short, quick strokes. Out, and then back in, with no pause. Kim whimpered. Again, the same, she groaned loudly again and again. She trashed her head about and groaned louder.

Matt had been having a hard time keeping his face in place. He moved to the toy box, got the smallest vibrator, and oiled it up. He placed the tip to the center of Kim's anal ring. I pushed in and Kim's ass moved down. Matt followed with the plastic shaft. 

As I pulled out, Kim's ass started to rise. Matt held the dildo where it was. Kim impaled herself on it. Three of the four inches were buried. She screamed and wiggled her ass. I pushed in and Matt followed her ass down. I pulled out and he followed it up.

The next time I press inward, Matt only followed half way. The little vibrator slipped two inches out of Kim's ass. As I pulled out, she impaled herself again. I took up a steady stroking. After a minute or two so did Matt, only he was counterpoint to me. Kim was going nuts to say the least.

She finally started to crawl forward away from us and we let her go. When she was well out of the range of both toys, she collapsed and sighed deeply. She was breathing hard and fast from her mouth. Matt and I headed for the bathroom to clean up the toys.

When we returned Kim was asleep. Matt picked her up and put her to bed. He cuddled up behind her. I softly padded off to the kitchen for a beer. I still had a yard on, a hard long. Even with all the frustrations of earlier in the day. I had been enjoying Karen and Kim's pleasure so much, I had not thought about my own.

I walked out on the front porch and sat in my chair. There was an ache in my balls, the likes of which I had not felt since the first days of Karen and Sue. I sipped the cold beer and tried to relax. In a pigs ass, right now that would even do, I thought with a chuckle.

A swim crossed my mind. Maybe the water and cold night air would help. I just did not feel that energetic, nor did I want to be cold. I decided to settle for a shower. I stood up and stretched. All four of the occupied cabins had only one light burning over their doors. I shrugged and headed for the bathroom, dousing lights as I went.

I got in the shower and set the water temperature to as hot as I could stand. I let the water run over me and tried again to relax. I shut the flow back and got the sponge and liquid soap. As I was lathering up, the door clicked open and Sue stepped in.

The light was very dim in the shower stall and steamy to boot. She moved over and rubbed up against me. I kissed her and got attacked big time. She was all over me. She had both arms wrapped around my neck and one leg wrapped around my ass. Her rock hard breasts and bullet nipples were crushed to my chest. Her hot wide-open slit seemed to be nibbling on my shaft.

