 The next morning, late, we headed back into the city. We had all slept hard for what was left of the night after we soaked away our strains. The morning found us quiet and loving.

Karen drove and I sat between her and Sue. We discussed what we needed to do while we were in town. Also, what we had to have for the camp. Sue had a pad taking notes in four lists, what she had to do with and about her apartment, what Karen and I had to do with and at our house, supplies and luxuries, and miscellaneous.

Sue's apartment would be vacated. She would sort through what she needed now and what she wanted to keep. The rest went to charities or the trash. What she kept would mostly go to the camp or storage. She would have a Movers take care of everything. Her mail would be forwarded.

The house Karen and I had lived in would be set up as our city base of operations. We would not be there much, but it would be better than a hotel, more freedom, and privacy. Our mail would be also forwarded. Things we needed and wanted now would be loaded into my truck. I would pick up Sue's stuff and transport it all back to the camp.

Karen and Sue would pick up Sue's car and go shopping. They would close all our bank accounts and move them to the little town near the camp. We already had a post office box there. They would haul all the supplies back in their cars.

They had something else to do but I was not sure what it was. I figured it had to do with Karen's idea. They were still working on the details. I had been informed that tonight, or at least by tomorrow I would be let in on it. 

"About time," was all I had said. They just smiled and looked at each other. They kissed me, long and hard. 

*****

It was afternoon by the time we made the city and Sue's apartment. We had stopped and got some different colored tags. Red went to storage, blue to the camp, green to charity or the dump if they did not want it.

Sue and Karen packed what Sue wanted to take now or things she would not trust with the movers. I stacked it by the door. As it got later, we realized this was going to be a two-day project.

Before it got too late, Sue got on the telephone with the movers and charity people. She arranged for pickup of everything the next day by noon. She also called for a storage facility on the south side of town.

While she was still at it, Karen and I left to get my truck and supper. By the time I returned, Sue was almost through. We ate burgers and fries, washed down with cokes and they helped me load the truck afterwards. We locked up and headed for the house. It was a caravan.

Backing the truck into the garage, I locked it up. I closed and locked the garage door. As I walked to the back door and unlocked it, I thought of how we sometimes never even shut the front door of the cabin at night or when we were away from it. The only time I had ever seen it locked was when we arrived. If I wasn't mistaken, nothing was locked now, cabin, shop, or boathouse.

I walked through the house to find the girls on the couch in the living room. They had shed their clothes in a pile by the front entry hall. Karen was sitting and Sue was lying down. She was using Karen's thigh for a pillow. They were sipping drinks.

As I added my clothing to the pile, Sue said, "Your drink is on the end of the bar." 

"What no maid service?" I joked.

"Hey, I'm a wife now, not the maid. You had better remember that and keep it straight." Sue replied with a smile.

"You tell him, sister. If he doesn't behave we'll make him the butler," Karen said with a laugh.

I put on a sour face and retorted, "I just miss the uniform, that's all."

Both girls laughed. "I'll make sure and pack it. It'll be fun on our anniversaries," Karen said. "In fact the only clothes Sue and I have packed for now is our sexiest lingerie. Yours too. We can get the winter clothes later."

I put on a grinning leer. "Finally a pair of sensible women."

They laughed again.

"He's hopeless," Sue said

"Yes but he is lovable, in a clumsy, lumbering way," Karen added.

They smiled and watched me. I went over, sat on the couch edge by Sue, and kissed Karen. I leaned down and kissed Sue. We sat in silence and finished our drinks.

*****

We started in the kitchen and went from room to room, one at a time. We packed the stuff for the cabin. Most things would stay here, as our second home. Karen picked through her closet and mine. Most things stayed but a few dresses, slacks and blouses, jeans and shirts were packed.

Sue wanted a bag out of the truck. She had packed it with thing she would need here. I went to the living room and slipped into my shirt and pants. There was a knock at the door. I went down the entryway hall and turned on the porch light.

I looked through the peephole. There was a young boy standing on the stoop. I unlocked and started to open the door. It crashed open and knocked me back. I almost fell. Two older youths were standing in the doorway and advancing toward me.

They both had knives in their hands. From the way, they held them; I figured they knew how to use them. I back slowly into the living room and stopped, blocking their entry. The young boy shut and locked the door.

"What the hell do you want?" I yelled at the two in the hall.

The taller replied, "Money, drugs, guns, and anything else we take a fancy to." He chuckled softly under his breath.

"Get over on the couch, asshole!" The other yelled. He took a swipe at me with the knife. It was only half hearted, meant to scare me. It worked. 

I stepped back a few steps. I was thinking furiously. I needed a weapon. I had to keep them away from Karen and Sue. I hoped the girls had heard the yelling and talking. I also hoped they had locked themselves in the bedroom and were calling 911.

The tall one's eyes were suddenly focused over my left shoulder in the direction of the hall leading to the bedroom. My heart stopped. I knew one of the girls had come to investigate. I glanced that way. Both of them stood in the doorway. Sue behind and slightly to the side of Karen.

They were both still nude. Karen had her right hand behind her back. Sue stepped around Karen and stood with her left hand on Karen's back. 

"Look Sue, we have visitors," Karen said.

"They don't look too friendly, to me." Replied Sue. "Dear, did you invite these people in?" She continued to me.

"No. I didn't."

The shorter, nervous youth yelled, "What the fuck is this? Who the fuck are you?" He was staring hard at the girls, running his eyes over their figures, and licking his lips. 

Karen said, "Dear, move over to the couch like the nice, bad guy asked you to."

I backed up toward the couch, slowly. Sue looked at the foul-mouthed youth and said, "Do you really eat with that dirty mouth? You're mother should have washed it out with soap."

"Bitch, I'm going to love this," the short youth said taking a threatening step toward Sue. He had a leering grin on his face.

Karen said in a mild, level voice, "If I were you I'd stay away from her. Take your friend and get out of here, and I mean now."

Both youths laughed, as the shorter one took another step toward Sue.

Sue took a step of her own to the left, pulling her hand out from behind Karen. She had a small, flat black, automatic pistol in her hand. It swung to bear on the short youth.

He laughed. "What you going to do? You going to shoot me, lady?" He asked, starting to take another step.

Sue said, "Yes, as a matter of fact... right in the balls." She tilted her arm and wrist down a friction.

The youth froze. His grin slowly vanished. He kept looking from Sue's face to the gun and back. Sue grinned an evil looking grin. 

Karen stepped forward and to the right. She brought her hand into view. My 9mm was in it. She jacked the slide and thumbed off the safety. She held it loosely at waist level. She smiled sweetly. 

"If you gentlemen, would be so kind, toss those knives, carefully into that chair and lay down, face first on the floor," Karen said softly.

Neither man moved. "That was not a request," Sue said with a hard edge to her voice. There was no grin now, only a hard determined look.

The men looked at each other and then at me. "Fellows, I'd do as they say. The one on the right I taught to shot and the other one's daddy was an avid sportsman. Pick a nut, either one, it doesn't matter much."

They looked at each other and then slowly tossed the knives. One at a time, they eased to the floor. They were tight and ready to spring at the first opportunity.

I said, "Put your hands behind your head and interlock your fingers. Spread your legs as wide as they will go. You on the right, turn your head the other way." He turned his head away from the girls. 

Moving slowly and well away from our guests, I recovered the knives. The front door was open and the youngster was gone. I retraced my steps back around to the bar. 

"Did you call 911, before you came to the rescue?" I asked.

Sue said, "Sure did and left the phone off the hook, just in case."

Karen handed me the 9mm and said, "The police should be here by now. Sue and I need to get dressed." She blew me a kiss. 

They both moved into the hall. The short youth started to move. "Go ahead. I had my tour in Vietnam. You won't be the first person I've shot." He froze again.

There was a yell from the front door. "Police!"

I yelled back, "They are in here on the floor. I have them covered. There was a third one, a young boy in a stripped t-shirt. He took off."

A hand with a drawn gun eased into my line of sight, then a balding head. "I live here." I told him.

He came on into the room calling over his shoulder. "It's clear!"

Three more officers appeared. They were cuffing the two men when Karen and Sue returned wearing bathrobes. I laid the gun on the bar.

"That bitch threatened to shoot my balls off!" The short youth yelled.

The bald cop had started to read them their rights. He told that one, he had better use the one about silence, or he might let the lady have some target practice. The youth shut up but glared at Sue.

Everyone had departed except the older cop and a sergeant. They were taking notes and statements for the reports. The kid had been caught cutting through a yard a block away. He was brought by for me to identify.

We would have to go down to the station later to give depositions. They were leaving when the sergeant said, "Good job of handling those two. I wished more people could react as well as all of you, without falling apart."

I told him. "Hey, don't look at me. I answered the door and got suckered by that kid. Those two are the one's you need to talk to." I motioned to the girls.

He looked at Karen and Sue hard. "Yes, it's very seldom that the ladies don't get upset or hysterical. It shouldn't be that way but it is. Most of the time, they have the training and even the weapon. They just don't have the nerve or the courage to use it. I hate to say that but I see it every day."

Sue said, "It has nothing to do with nerve or courage. It has to do with training and experience. Women are the nurturing force not the hunter in most cases. If more women hunted, they would be better off. They would understand themselves and the world more. They would be able to pull the trigger if they needed to."

The officer said, "That's more than true, good night." The sergeant looked at Sue hard. She winked at him and smiled. He shook his head as he walked toward the door. 

*****

When they left, I locked the door and walked back to the living room. The girls were at the bar. They were mixing three stiff drinks. We needed them. I sat on a stool and watched them closely. They seemed in better shape than I was. I was starting to shake slightly. 

Karen took a long pull on her drink and stared at the automatic pistol on the bar. "I don't know if I could have done that without you being beside me, Sue. I don't think I would have had the nerve. I don't know if I could have shot this gun, even to save Mark's or my life."

"I meant what I told that officer. This winter you are going to hunt. You are going to shot a few squirrels to start with. You may even kill a deer. I know several good spots. By the end of the season you will know that you can shoot something," Sue said.

"Sue could you, really have shot that man?" Karen asked.

"In his right nut... His manhood was in the way of the left." Sue replied with that evil grin reappearing. 

"Remind me not to get her mad," I said with a chuckle. "Speaking of reminders, I just remembered a question I had. Why were you both nude? Why didn't you slip on your bath robes, before you came in here?"

"Sue thought it would give us an edge. We couldn't see what was happening or where you were. We weren't even sure how they were armed."

"The knives were no problem but if they had guns I wanted a few seconds advantage," Sue finished.

"You girls were something else, that's for sure. I would have been in a pickle, I'm afraid. I want to thank you both, and tell you how proud of you I am. I also want to tell you how much I love you, both... I was trying to figure out how to protect you and was not having much luck. Then you rescue me... I'm seeing you both in a new light, but I'm still glad this is our last night in this town. It's getting worse and worse."

Sue looked a Karen. "Have you figured out what he's babbling about?"

"Well... Yes. His, me Tarzan and you Jane world has been tilted, and he's trying to find new mental footing... That's all right we love him anyway."

The girls came around to stand beside me. I stood up and hugged them both to me. "That's not really it. I'm just elated that we are all safe. I don't know what I would do if something happened to either of you."

I kissed one and then the other. We stood hugging each other. I gave each of them a squeeze and kiss, then headed to the kitchen. I still had to get that bag for Sue.

*****

When I returned with it, the girls were in the master bath. I had left my clothes in the hamper and moved theirs to the bedroom. With a fresh drink in hand, I joined them. They were standing together, with their arms around each other.

"We waited for you. Three in a shower saves water," Sue said with a smile. "Anyway, just between us, reaction is starting to set in. I, for one, want to be held close and cuddled."

"I'll second that," Karen said with a small shiver. 

We stood hugging each other tightly under the hot water for a long while. There was a sharing of kisses. Slowly the tension and stress turned to passion. We exited the shower and hastily dried off. We almost ran into the bedroom.

Piling into the king sized waterbed, we attacked each other. Karen grabbed Sue's hips and buried her face between Sue's thighs. Sue had a two handed grip on my manhood and her lips and tongue were working on the head. I had my mouth plastered to Karen's sex. 

The sounds of oral stimulation and growing pleasure filled the air. Sue released my manhood and moved over on top of Karen. She rolled Karen over on her back and attacked her sex. I rolled to my knees and moved behind Sue. Karen was alternately sucking on Sue's clit and tonguing her wet vaginal opening. I applied my tongue vigorously to Sue's ass.

Karen groaned and arched her hips. Sue wiggled her ass. I rose up and centered the head of my shaft in Sue's wet opening. I shoved forward hard and fast. My hips slapped hard against her ass. She grunted and took a deep breath. I reversed direction and pulled all the way out.

Centering the head again, I rammed it home. Sue grunted and then groaned. As I pulled out Karen grabbed my shaft and sucked it into her mouth. I groaned. Karen fitted the head to Sue's opening and I slapped Sue's ass with my hips, she moaned loudly.

I sawed in and out hard and fast. She exploded around me with a shout. The walls of her vagina gripped and grabbed at my manhood. I slowed my thrusts and enjoyed the feel of her climax. She trembled and slowly moved forward to lay flat on top of Karen.

My manhood slipped out. Karen grabbed it again and shoved her mouth over it, her tongue working in a frenzy. Sue rolled over and Karen released me. She spun around sitting up. She grabbed me around the neck and pulled me down on top of her body.

With lucky accuracy, my shaft hit in her hot wet opening and barreled home. She yelled and wrapped her legs around my hips. Locking her ankles, Karen pulled me deeper. I lay still for a moment bathed in her wet heat. She rotated her hips and moaned deeply.

I moved slowly out and back in. Karen rocked her sex up to meet my thrusts. She had her ass lifted completely off the bed with her legs. I felt a hot tongue slid up the crack of my ass and across my anus. I jumped forward slapping Karen's hips with mine. She growled and wiggled.

Sue's tongue zeroed in on my asshole and burrowed in as I drew back. I rammed back home into Karen. She slammed into me. I groaned loudly. I was building fast toward my orgasm. Karen's hot, clutching sex, and Sue's probing tongue, was too much.

I erupted deep inside Karen as she let out a yell and came at the same moment. I froze as the sperm surged from my balls. Karen's ass was hunching in short, hard, fast strokes against me. Her sex was awash with a hot, boiling heat. She had a death grip around me with her legs and with her vaginal muscles.

She jerked and then I felt Sue's tongue on my balls and ass. She was licking us both from tailbone to tailbone. Karen's eyes were closed tight. I kissed her gently. She had other ideas. Her tongue was all over the inside of my mouth and dueling with my tongue.

Slowly she calmed. She released the grip of her legs. The internal grip was still tight with a flutter moving up and down. I followed her ass to the bed. Sue moved up next to us and kissed first Karen and then me.

She moved down and pulled the covers up over the three of us. She cuddled up tight against us. I gently kissed both of them. They slowly kissed each other. Karen and I slowly eased over on our sides and then on over until I was on my back. Karen stayed attached to me tightly. Sue cuddled up using my other shoulder as a pillow.

We drifted into sleep.

*****

The next morning, I was finishing up loading the truck when the girls came out. They were dresses casually. Sue in jeans and a peasant blouse, Karen in slacks and a silk blouse. I told them how nice they looked and kissed them both. They took Karen's car and headed out.

I went back inside to get the last of the coffee. I cleaned and straightened up the place. Then I locked up and drove to Sue's apartment. I was going to supervise the movers and charity people. After they were gone, I cleaned up the place a little, took out the remaining trash, and turned in the keys.