 It was late afternoon by the time I got back to the cabin. A stop at the police station had eaten up a lot of time. What a mad house. I talked to five different people and filled out twenty pages of forms. Everything had to be signed and dated, and half had to be notarized, and witnessed. It's a wonder anything gets done.

Both youths had long rap sheets and would be facing stiff hard time. I figured that meant they would get sentenced from three to five and be out in six months, tops, so much for the system.

We faced possible bodily injury, robbery, and probable rape in the girl's case. Those two get a short vacation from the streets. Then they would probably be back and better educated in their trade, either looking for us or someone else to terrorize. So is life in the big city. No, thank you, I'll take the country any day.

*****

I had unloaded the pickup and the movers were just finishing when the girls arrived. I followed the movers to the front gate and re-locked it after they left.

On my return, the girls had stripped down and were putting things away and rearranging furniture. I went to the bedroom, pealed down to the uniform of the day, and jumped in to help. With the three of us working together it was more fun than work. We always seemed to have a merry time, no matter what it is we have to do. We finished after the sun had set.

*****

We were having a barbecue for supper. I went to the shop and moved the grill to the dock. After starting the charcoal, I went to help in the kitchen. The girls had everything well in hand, including each other. They were in an embrace and gentle kiss as I opened the door. They turned and each held out an arm for me to join them. I put one arm around each and kissed them. They were smiling and happy. 

Sue went to put the potato salad in the refrigerator as I leaned on the counter and watched Karen mix barbecue sauce. Sue brought two beers and leaned against me.

"I just love barbecues," Sue said. "All that hot juicy meat with plenty of sauce."

Karen glanced down at my semi-ridged manhood and broke up. Sue stared at her a moment then started to giggle. I just shook my head; my horny toads were at it again. It was nice to be home.

I dipped my fingertip in the sauce and tasted it. "I want a taste," said Sue. 

I dipped again and dabbed some on Karen's right nipple and breast. Sue giggled again and licked it off, paying special attention to the stiffening nipple. When she sucked it between her lips Karen's eyes closed.

"That's nice," she murmured.

I took more sauce and painted a circle around the other nipple. Sue swapped morsels. Karen held Sue's head, gentle urging her on.

Sue slowly removed her mouth from Karen's breast and stepped back. Karen's nipples were hard and shiny. The dark circles around them where bulged out slightly and puckered. 

I dipped my finger again and X'ed one of Sue's breasts and an O'ed the other. Karen looked at Sue's lettered breasts and brought her hand up to her chin. She stood there a moment as if trying to make up her mind which breast she wanted first. Sue's nipples started to slowly harden in anticipation.

She looked at Sue's face and laughed. She moved her mouth toward one and then the other. As she moved away, Sue grabbed Karen's head and stuffed her left breast in Karen's mouth. I moved around and sucked, and lick the other one. Sue held the backs of both our heads and hummed softly to herself. She had her eyes closed. 

I reached over and got the cold beer bottle. Removing my warm mouth, I rubbed the cold glass against just the nipple. After a second, Sue's eyes popped open and she jerked back. Karen chuckled around a mouth full of breast and then released it. Sue eased her right breast forward until it touched the cold glass. I slowly and gently rubbed it over her whole breast. She shivered as Karen did the same to the other. 

Sue's eyes had closed again. I looked at Karen to catch her eye then nodded. We moved the bottles and each sucked as much breast into our mouths as we could. Sue's back arched as she tried to press more into our mouths. At the same time, she grabbed our heads and pushed. Neither of us could breathe. After a few seconds, we both pulled back, coming up for air. Sue shivered again.

"That felt good... If someone had told me a cold beer bottle on the titty was fun, I would have told them they were crazy. My, how times are a changing," Sue said running her hands over her wet breasts and nipples. They were as hard as Karen's was.

I kissed her and then Karen. "My saucy, sweet and spicy horny toads. What a mouth full." Everyone broke up.

Karen dipped two fingers in the sauce and smeared it over my manhood. She bent over and licked at it. "Old goat doesn't taste too bad with a little barbecue sauce," she chuckled.

Sue went to one knee and ran her tongue around the head. "You're right," she said and then swallowed the whole thing, working that long tongue around and around. I groaned.

"Hey, leave me some," Karen said kneeling next to Sue. 

Sue moved her head back and released me. Karen's mouth replaced hers, sliding her lips up and down the shaft, going a little farther each time. She was swallowing about two thirds when she could not go any farther. She eased back to the tip and licked it with a swirl.

"I don't know how you do it," she said to Sue. "I get to a point, then I gag and can't go any farther... except that day in the boat."

"I'm not sure what I do differently except that when I reach that gag point, I swallow hard and keep going." Sue paused to giggle. "Maybe it's a gift or talent. What can I say, I'm a born sword swallower." She laughed.

Sue smeared more sauce on my member. It was cold after the warmth of their mouths. "Try it again. Practice makes perfect."

Karen licked at the sauce and Sue joined in. One tongue is nice. Two is ecstasy. Karen sucked me hard into her mouth. She began to bob her head up and down taking more and more each time. She got to her stalling point. She pulled her head back and rammed it forward. I felt her throat swallow me for the second time in our lives. She held still and let her tongue work on the under side of the shaft and her throat flex around the head. 

Slowly she withdrew to the head. She ran her tongue around it and swallowed the full length again, slowly this time. She had no trouble at all. She slipped her lips up and down taking full-length strokes on me. My hips started to flex on their on. 

She released me. "Wow, I can't believe I ate the whole thing." She laughed.

Sue's lips replaced Karen's and took up the same long, full strokes. After a half dozen, my legs were shaking. She stopped and Karen took over. She took another half dozen and they swapped. I was holding on to the counter for support.

When Sue released me, Karen took my hand and led me to the dinning table. It was a small, low, well-built table. She sat me on the edge and pushed on my chest. I lay back across it. Sue placed a chair on each side and put one of my feet in each. She walked between my knees, knelt, and swallowed me.

Karen went and got the sauce. She smeared it all over her bare sex. She walked around the table to where my head was hanging off. She moved a chair over and put her foot in it. Her sex was right at my face. She rose up on her toes, eased forward, and down, her opening centered on my mouth. I licked and then sucked, running my tongue up inside; the sauce enhanced her spicy flavor. 

She placed her hands on my chest for balance. I licked and sucked the opening until she moved her hips back bringing her slit and clit into range of my tongue. I licked and sucked up all the sauce I could reach. I paid special homage to her clit. Sue's tongue and mouth were playing hell with my concentration.

Karen moved back as Sue removed her lips from me. They swapped. Sue's sauce smeared sex mopped my face as Karen's mouth descended over my shaft. I could feel her nose bump my pelvis and her throat constrict around the head of the shaft. I was trying to do justice to Sue, but I was having major concentration problems now. 

Karen bobbed her head three times fast and hard. Then with my shaft as deep as it had ever been, held still, and let her throat work rapidly. That's all folks! Turn out the lights, I exploded. She kept swallowing around me. Sue's wet, hot opening was glued to my mouth. My tongue would not work right.

Sue stepped back and leaned down to kiss me. Karen eased her head up and with a finishing swirling of her tongue around the head and then she released me. "Damn, there must have been a quart in these," she said squeezing my sack gently as she stood up.

Sue laughed. "From the looks of what's running down your thighs, you must have let it run right through, again," she said as she walked around the table.

Sue turned Karen around and laid her back on the table beside me. I sat up slowly, a little dizzy. As I moved off the table, I placed Karen's foot on the chair. Sue put the other on another chair.

"Yummy. I differently don't need any more sauce for this snack. You're soaking wet," Sue said as she started in cleaning up Karen's sloppy sex. 

I moved around the table and kissed Karen's upside down face. She was growling deep in her chest, another orgasm building. After only a few moments, Karen's hips jerked and jumped. She moaned loudly into my mouth. Sue worked her over with her tongue and lips a little longer. Her face reappeared. She was licking and smacking her lips.

"I always did like my desert first," she said with a giggle.

I walked around to Sue and placed her beside Karen. As I knelt between her thighs I said, "You've got room to talk about Karen. You are wet to your knees. I think your little pots done boiled over a couple of times on it own." I chuckled and set about cleaning up the sweet mess. 

I started at her knees and worked my way up. When I reached her opening, I ran my tongue into the tight pulsing hole and sucked. I had to swallow. I kept at it and then moved my tongue down over her ass and back up over the anal opening. Her hips jumped. I moved back to her vagina, and sucked and licked. I had to swallow again. 

I moved up the slit to suck and lick her clit. It was hard and fully extended. The hood was pulled all the way back. The shiny tip was fully exposed. I sucked it between my lips and flicked it hard with my tongue. Her hips jumped. I swirled my tongue around it and then forgetting that she was not Karen, I scrapped it lightly with my teeth. 

Sue came unglued. Her hips jerked and twitched. She mashed her sex against my face and ground her hips. I did it again with the same result. The third time, her hands grabbed my head. I licked my way back to her opening and got a third drink. It was my turn to raise my head and lick my lips. 

Karen was kissing Sue. They broke it a moment later and Karen walked around to kiss me. After we ended our kiss, we helped Sue sit up.

"I've ate many a breakfast, lunch, and dinner here... but it's the first time I've ever been on the menu... Muff and tube steak. What a set of menu items that would be. I'm not sure what the health department and cops would have to say," Sue said with a laugh.

"Well, our menu is our own business, isn't it?" Karen put in.

"Waitress, is my order of fur burger and hair pie ready yet?" I added. Everyone broke up.

"You'd better check the fire. These steaks won't cook themselves," Sue said.

"If the fires out. I know of two good hot ovens, that love to cook meat." I laughed as I heading for the back door.

"Smart ass," Karen said to my back. I shook mine.

*****

I added more charcoal to the fire. It had burnt low. I went to get the steaks and my beer.

I was turning the steaks when the girls came walking down the dock with the rest of supper, beans, potato salad, and a salad. I went for the plates and silverware. I put a six-pack of beer in a bucket with ice. When I returned to the dock, the girls were swimming.

I checked the steaks and told them, "Let's eat." 

Two dripping wet, lovely ladies joined me at the table. We ate in a happy quiet mood. After we ate, we took a cooling dip in the lake and set about cleaning up. We had finished the beer and most of the food.

*****

I helped with the kitchen. With three of us, it did not take long. We shut down the lamps and retired to the hot tub. Karen broke out some candles and placed them around the bathroom. Sue and I climbed in the tub. I had another six-pack on ice.

Karen climbed in and I passed her a beer. She took a long pull and sighed. "This is the way life should be. Good loving family, good food, a comfortable hot tub of water, and a cold beer. What else is there?"

Neither Sue nor I had anything to add. We just nodded. The hot water, flickering candlelight, and the beer were relaxing us all. We sat there for a long time, not talking, just being.

Karen finally broke the silence. "Sue, I guess now is as good a time as any. Shall I start or do you want to?"

"You go ahead. It was your idea first. I'll fill in as needed."

"Ok... Dear, in a nut shell the idea Sue and I have been kicking around is sex," Karen said.

"So, what's new about you two horny toads thinking and talking about sex? What does it have to do with a job for us all? If we take our show on the road, we'll end up in jail."

"Yes and no," said Sue. "Not if we're licensed."

"Say what? It is not legal to do it for money in this state. Nevada, yes, but this here is Texas."

"It is if you work for or through a sex research or counseling service. That is what Sue and I spent most of the day checking into. We found four different groups in town, all licensed and legal. All run by doctors and shrinks."

I just looked at her, then at Sue. That little voice was back in my mind but he was screaming now. I am not the jealous, possessive type, I told myself. Myself said, "Uh huh. I hear you." I was going to have to have a long talk with myself, I could see.

"Ok... I see... I don't know..." I was stumbling around, stalling for time to think.

Sue smiled at me. "He looks like he's fixing to blow a fuse. He wants to yell "Hell no," but he also wants to keep an open mind. Poor baby."

Karen chuckled and said, "Darling, we don't plan on screwing everyone or anyone for that matter. Nor are we planning to put you out to stud... You'd eat up the profits, anyway." She laughed.

Sue joined in. "That's a fact."

My hindbrain was still chasing its tail. At least it had slowed down as I listened to the girls. Self was pissed off and would not talk to me. I licked my lips and looked at both women.

"Now that the bomb has been dropped, lets go back over the basics of the plan," Sue suggested.

"What we had in mind is a retreat. A place couples could come and find out what's, what. We will only be guides and examples," Karen filled in. "We will have to go back to school. There are courses we have to have and we will spend time talking to the doctors. They need to find out if we are for real."

"They don't need weirdoes and people out for sexual kicks," Sue put in.

"Couples now go to the clinics and doctors offices, very sterile and imposing places. Most are very self-conscious to start with and shy to boot. If they had a place like here to relax and just get to know each other and about each other, it would help. At least that's the premise we presented to the doctors," Karen said.

"Ok... I see what you are getting at. I think it is a good idea... as far as it goes. I have several questions. What will the doctors say about our lifestyle? How will this effect our lifestyle and most of all, us? What does my diet idea have to do with it?"

"The majority of the doctors think our threesome is healthy, if we are happy with it. They asked Karen and I a battery of questions. They were satisfied with the answers from us. They still need to ask you some questions." Karen explained.

"As for us..." Karen and Sue ganged up on me in a whirlpool of wet flesh. I like to have drowned but they gave me mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.

As we broke apart and disentangled, Sue said, "Your diet idea sparked a separate deal altogether. The problem was if we had more than one couple here, they would both know why each was here. It would be inhibiting. If we also have medical supervised couples here for weight loss, then no one knows who's what."

"We ran your idea by the doctors and they could find nothing wrong with it. Fun, exercise, and good healthy food are just the ticket."

"This is going to take some time and work. It will be fun to see if we can have a beneficial effect on two different groups of people. I think we can. We can have our cake and eat it too," Karen said.

"I think we already have, several times." I laughed. Sobering I asked, "What happens if we get into a situation with one of the other couples?"

Sue looked at Karen. They both turned and looked at me. "That bridge we'll cross as we come to it. It will be handled as we would anything else. Head on and as best, we can. If the situation and the people are right, I can't see a problem," Sue said.

"I agree with Sue. Also, I would like to put forth this suggestion. We need another man in this group marriage to balance things out, if the right single guy can be found. One we can all agree on, one that can fill all our requirements... among other things." The girls laughed.

I sank under the water. They dove after me. 

"Hey, we're not unhappy the way things are by any means. It's just that even numbers are more fun. We love you, totally. You are number one husband and all way will be. Anyway we're not seriously looking but you never know," Sue said.

I gave up. I loved them too much to ever tell them no. I made up my mind to keep my eyes open. If they could share me, I guess I could do the same. Eventually, I would find out. Selfishly I hoped it would be later.