 Two days after our finial class, we had finial exams. I am happy to report we all passed. I was bracketed by the class in standings. Sue and Karen were both very near the top and only a few points apart. I caught the ribbing and took it good-naturedly. Later, after we got copies of our records, I found a lengthy letter of recommendation from Professor Kim Lee. I took some more ribbing but also got to do some.

We were now back at the camp most of the time. We still had trips into the city once or twice a week; most were just for the day. We had meeting with the doctors and their staff, meeting with contractors for new construction at the camp, meeting with lawyers to check the legalese of operating a sex therapy and weight loss camp.

The doctors had our first three couples lined up for therapy and three couples for weight loss and behavior modification. We only had half our new quarters finished. There were workmen everywhere. It was not the environment that was needed. With regrets, we postponed the opening.

*****

Two weeks later to the day, everything was in place. The three duplex apartments where finished and furnished, all the homey touches had been added and they were ready for occupancy. Early Friday afternoon the first six couples arrived by shuttle bus at the front gate.

From the looks on some of their faces, you would think they were at a concentration camp. Most were obviously city dwellers. Two couples had the complexions of cave dwellers. They were for the weight control program I was happy to note. We would fix that. There were to be no couch potatoes here. 

First of all, there were no television sets anywhere. Everyone would take part in planned activities and projects that had to be completed each day. Classes, lectures, and demonstrations would be available. Almost all were outdoors. There were prizes and rewards for each objective completed. Dessert was a privilege not a requirement.

There were going to be some shocks and surprises all around. This group had been selected after a battery of long in-depth interviews and tests. They were all at the end of their respective or collective ropes. Most as couples, were in trouble, relations were to say the least, strained.

We loaded their luggage into the old jeep pickup. It was not a large load. They had been limited to a list of bare essentials, nothing more, nothing less. It had been checked before they left the clinic. It would be check here. The jeep departed.

Sue and I had met them. We had a mile walk to the main site. We were both wearing shorts and tank tops. Socks, tennis shoe, and a waist pouch completed the uniform of the day. Everyone here was dressed the same. Right down to the ban on underwear and bras. Some were not happy about this at all, one overweight lady in particular.

She was a pretty woman, about forty pound overweight. She was just short of medium height with good-looking legs and wide hips. Her breasts under the tank top were large and well formed. They sat high and proud on her chest. What had her upset were her nipples. They were almost as big around as my thumb and an inch long when hard and they were. They had the thin material of the tank top straining. It was molded to them. She might as well have been nude. She kept trying to hide them with her arms.

Everyone was looking around for transportation or just admiring the scenery. "My name is Sue. This is Mark. We would like to welcome you to our camp. You have all been informed about this place and are here on a totally volunteer basis. If you will follow us, we will lead you to the main complex."

"We have to walk?" An overweight man asked.

"Anywhere and everywhere you go here will be on foot. There are 1500 acres here, all fenced, with trails going all over. There are markers and signs on all of them. You can go anywhere you want, anytime. But the only transportation, other than a boat, are your own two feet," I informed them. "Shall we start?"

I visually checked the new iron gate. It was shut and the lock indicator said it was locked. The camera and keypad lights were lit. All ok. I looked at the new fence running both ways from the gate. That had been a job.

There was a fifteen foot cleared strip between the forest and the eight-foot chain link fence. This replaced the old barbed wire all the way around the place. There were three hot wires. Two at the top, one inside, and one out, the last about halfway up the inside. There were also two sensor wires. Even high resistively to ground would set them off. We did not want unknown or unwanted guests.

I took Sue's arm and we set off down the road. It too had been reworked, it had been graded and smoothed, and drainage had been added. A hundred yards around the first curve there was a small gate and another four-foot fence. The road gate was automatic, with a remote control.

Once everyone was through the gate, I said, "This is the outer limit of the camp for all practical purposes. This fence runs all the way around. On this side, camp rules take effect. The rest of the world is out there. You all have read and signed a copy of the rules and they are posted in all apartments and other conspicuous points."

Sue and I turned and proceeded down the road. We were walking slowly. The road was totally shaded for most of the way. As soon as everyone was moving, I removed my shirt and folded it into my pouch. Sue put her arm around my waist as we walked. I kissed her cheek.

We were entering one of the only open areas along the road when I spotted two deer and froze. Sue had seen them too and followed suit. She pointed to them. Most of the group stopped when we did. There were some hushed comments. The deer looked in our direction. They moved closer to the edge of the woods but did not spook. We stood and watched them. They were feeding on the new shoots and growth. They would stop occasionally and watch us back. Slowly they moved on. When they were out of sight, we moved on.

Sue removed her top and wiped the sweat from her breasts and stomach. The sun was warm when you stood still. There were whispers from behind us but we did not look back. We just walked along with our arms around each other. There was also the sound of two or three pouch snaps. I smiled, as did Sue.

We arrived at the compound. The three new duplexes were built in front of the cabin, about a hundred and fifty yards out with one on our right as we walked in. An area from the main road to the lane that led to the bridge over the creek had been cleared of brush. The large trees remained. Number one duplex was there.

Numbers two and three were to the left. One centered in front of the cabin, one farther east at the corner of the original yard. Each unit was a duplicate of the main cabin except for being one story. Floor plans of A were the reverse of B; this put the bedrooms of each on the outside and the dinning rooms and kitchens back to back.

Each had only the one fireplace in the living room. Oil lamps were the only lights. Electricity was only in the bathroom and kitchen. The no clothing rule was in effect in all. If you went to another duplex or the main cabin to visit, it was in effect. The tank tops and shorts were maximum dress anywhere else on the land. The no bathing suit rule still applied on and in the lake.

Sue and I walked up onto the porch where Karen and the two staff members waited. We all kissed and hugged. Karen was completely nude. Matt wore a pouch and a whistle. Kim wore only a smile as she sat back in the porch swing.

When we found out that Matt was a sports medicine major, we offered him a summer job. He jumped at it. He and Kim had arrived the evening before. Kim was taking the summer off on a sabbatical. We had quizzed her about a qualified head councilor. Only one name came to her mind, her own.

*****

They had arrived in time for supper. They did not bat an eye at the no clothing house rule. After supper, Matt and I moved their things to the two upstairs bedrooms as the girls took care of the kitchen. We all took a quick tour of everything afterwards.

We returned to the front porch to relax with the beverage of your choose. Kim and Matt had a few questions but for the most part, it was light conversation. Around nine, it was time for Karen, Sue, and I to take our usual swim.

"Skinny dipping? I haven't done that since my student days," Kim said. "Professors are such a straight laced bunch on the whole. They would not understand for the most part. No sense of adventure or humor for that matter."

"Here, anything goes. The main rule is very simple. As long as everyone participating is willing, enjoy. Love, happiness, and family are the key words," Sue said.

"To bad the rest of the world doesn't see thing that way. The me, me, you owe me, I don't care, fuck you rule is not working. I just hope we can keep us here and them out there," Matt said.

Everybody agreed as we grabbed towels and headed for the dock. I hung the lantern, although we did not need it, the full moon was high overhead. It was a soft, warm, spring night. A low wind sighed through the pine trees. The stars were bright, hard points of light dusting the sky.

We swam and played like kids. Kim and Matt were having a ball after all the time they had spent at the school and in the city. The three of us were happy to finally be rid of the city and all the workmen for a while ourselves. We were also enjoying the company, knowing it was the right kind for our group.

Karen and I had swum out to the float. We hung on the side and kissed. Karen said, "What do you think of Matt?"

"I like him. He seems to be a great guy.... Why do you ask?"

"I've been watching Sue most of the evening. She likes him quite a bit, I think. I have not had a chance to talk to her. I'm of a mind not to for a while and just watch. I'd like for you to also."

"Do you have in mind, what I think you do? If you do... I think I might be in agreement with you but let's not get in a rush. We've got time on our side for a change." I replied. We kissed again and swam back to the others.

"Where have you two been? Snorkeling and muff diving, I suppose," Sue said with a laugh.

"You're one to be talking sweet horny toad," I said and then laughed. I kissed her thoroughly.

She slipped her hand between us and grabbed my manhood. "Keep that thought, I'm horny," she whispered.

With another laugh I said, "What's new about that?"

Everyone laughed. "Hey, the same applies to this spicy horny toad," Karen chimed in.

"A man's work is never done, especially around you two," I kidded back.

"Watch it, buster, we'll take care of it ourselves and see what you get," Sue put in.

"That's right we'll let you watch, if you're a good boy," Karen said laughing.

I dunked her and tried for Sue but she was too fast. Kim got me from behind and Matt got her. Karen and Sue looked at each other and dove under, Matt disappeared, straight down, with a splash. They all came up in a tangle laughing. 

We were getting tired, so we retired back to the house. We replenished our drinks and warmed up in the hot tub. Four is what it was made for. Five will fit nicely if you are all friends. Kim sat between Matt and I, with Karen on my other side. Sue was beside Matt.

"I've got a question for you three," Kim said. "How do you do that look thing you all use."

We looked at her funny. "I've watched you all closely. If a question is asked of the group or if there is something to be done, you don't discuss it. There is a look that goes from eyes to eyes to eyes. Then either one of you answers for the group or there is a coordinated action by the two or three of you. It's uncanny."

Sue, Karen, and I looked at each other. We all smiled and then chuckled. "That's what I mean," Kim said.

Karen said slowly, "I really don't have an answer for you're question. It's just that we seem to be able to read each other's eyes. Well, not eyes exactly, more like expression and body language. It just works. It has from the start of our relationship. There's also a lot of trust and almost total knowledge of each other."

"When we are alone together, we talk of everything. Nothing is taboo or held back. With these two ladies, I am more honest than I am with myself. It's not something we started out agreeing on. It's the end product of a lot of factors. Factors that made our relationship in the first place and it keeps the total bond and commitment growing stronger," I added.

"We have no jealousies, pettiness, or other problems usually associated with three way relationships because we know each other so well. We know how each of the others will react in almost any set of circumstances. We act accordingly. Love is the only guide. None of us would do anything to jeopardize this union of love and happiness," Sue finished.

Matt and Kim sat and looked back and forth between us. A single tear slowly ran down Kim's cheek. I kissed it away. She smiled almost shyly. "You are three very lucky people," she whispered.

"You can say that again.... What I don't understand is why you are even bothering with this camp? Why risk your relationship and happiness on people who, for the most part, will not understand or even care. They are to busy with their own petty feuds and problems. Most of which would cease to be, if they just lived instead of existing," Matt said.

Karen looked at Sue. "Hey, he's pretty smart for a jock. There may be hope for him, like there was for Mark." Sue's face lit with a big smile.

"If we can have this stable threesome of ours work, a couple reaching each other should be easy. If we can bring half of what we've got to a single couple, we will feel we have returned part of our happiness to the source. That phraseology may sound weird but the meaning is right," Karen explained.

"Now that we've found the Holy Grail to cure all of humanities problems. Let's have a toast to good and loving friends," I said with a chuckle. Every one clinked glasses and or bottles.

Shortly the hour and hot water had us all yawning. We had a free for all drying party. With hugs and kisses, we went our separate ways to our beds. Sue and Karen spent some time molesting me and vice-versa. There were some interesting noises from overhead. The girls and I fell asleep giggling and laughing about our speculations on them.

*****

The guests were standing around in front of the porch. I introduced Karen, Kim, and Matt. We all moved down to a new covered patio near the lake, it was just north of the boathouse. It had a large round central table with benches and benches all around the outside rail. These were all padded for more comfort. There were another half dozen shelters just like it scattered over the property.

Sue had removed her shorts at some point. So as not to be different I removed mine. As I did, I took note of our couples. All of the men had removed their shirts and two were nude. The two women sitting with the nude men were also bare. This was a good sign. Three of the other women had their tops off. One was still fully dressed.

I was surprised, but happy to note that the lady with the large nipples had gave up the pretense of covering up. She had removed the shirt. Her nipples were not as eye catching without it. Her husband was smiling. He had his arm around her. She saw me looking at her and shyly smiled, and then dropped her eyes.

"We made it in good shape I see. I also see, most of you are going native as the saying goes. Before I go on, let me point out that there are actually two groups here. One is for diet, and eating behavior modification, basically, weight loss. The other is for counseling on marital problems." I paused and looked the group over one by one.

"No one but the staff knows which are which. We are all trained in both areas. Both groups will basically do the same things, only with different objectives. There will be cross over between the two groups.... The diet will work on both and maybe all of you will learn more about yourselves and your respective spouses."

"I'll turn you over to Sue and Matt. They will be in charge of diet and physical fitness," I said stepping back. 

To Karen and Kim I said, "Would you help me with the refreshments?"

Karen and Kim walked to the house with me. I knew Sue and Matt could handle the orientation on projects and organized recreation. We fixed pitchers of iced tea. Large plastic glasses and packets of sweetener filled another tray.

As we got all this ready, Karen said, "Our conversation of last night, I'm for. I also have another nomination," She looked at me.

I smiled and said, "Aye... and aye."

Kim turned and looked at us. "You two are spooky. I don't know if I will ever get use to it. It'll probable be fun trying," she said with a shake of her head and a smile.

Karen looked at me... and then at Kim.... "You might get an invitation to take lessons.... Do not take it lightly.... It is a total commitment or nothing.... If it doesn't work... it will, with all probability... ruin a great friendship. I wouldn't want that to happen." I nodded.

I picked up the tea and Karen got the other tray and walked out of the kitchen. We arrived back at the patio about the same time as Matt and Sue finished their talk.

Kim was several minutes later arriving. Karen and I turned and looked at her. Her smile said it all. It was in her eyes. Karen and I winked. Sue saw the wink and tilted her head to one side. Karen and I smiled broadly. She blinked and slowly a big grin spread over her face. She walked over and kissed Kim on the lips.

Everyone had gotten tea and settling back down. I pulled a folded sheet of paper from my pouch. The five of us were sitting at the table. The other twelve sat on the padded benches along the side. They sat as six couples. 

"I'll give you your house assignments. Your names are on the door so do not worry too much about getting lost. When I call your last name would you stand and each tell everyone your first name. By the way, there are pins with your first name on it in the cabins. Please affix them to your waist pouch."

"Mr. and Mrs. White. One A. Right behind you."

They stood. He said, "Hello, I'm Ken."

She shyly stated, "Hi, I'm Sandi, with an i." It was the lady with the nipples and her husband. He was shorter than her and rail thin. He still had his arm around her. It was a loving jester not a possessive one, I thought.

"Mr. and Mrs. Thompson. One B."

They were one of the nude couples. They were both very young and nervous. "I'm Tom," he said. "I'm very glad to meet you all."

"I'm Shara. I'm also happy to meet you all," she said.

They sat down quickly. They were close together but not touching in any way. They seemed very self-conscious about it. The fact that they were nude did not seem to be a problem. Physically they appeared to be in good shape. They both were trim, about the same height. He was thin but well muscled in a tight way, not bulging or bulky. She was tight and slick, not soft but not hard either. Her figure was good, not spectacular. They were a good matching pair.

"Mr. and Mrs. Everett. Two A."

She was the one that was still fully dressed and very nervous. He was much older than she was. His shirt was off. Except for the gray hairs, he was in excellent shape for his age. Tall and slim, signs of well-developed muscles still showed through the age. 

She was short and overweight by sixty pounds. She had a pixy face and a smile came and went in a fast jerky, constant change of expression.

"I'm Karla," she said after clearing her throat.

"I'm Shawn." He was holding her hand tightly. As they sat down, she drew his hand into her lap and held it with both hands.

"Mr. and Mrs. Mac. Number two B."

This was the second nude couple. He was fifty pounds overweight and she was twenty. Both were middle thirty's. He had his arm around her shoulders and hers was around his waist. They were smiling and casual. 
