 I paused on the porch to brush the sand off my feet. The house was quiet. On entering, I put my cup in the kitchen, noticing that it was cleaned up. The girls were probable in the shower, so I headed that way. At the door I paused. 

Karen's voice softly said, "That's fine, baby.... Now just relax.... Relax the muscles... let me know when it eases up."

Sue's voice held a strained note as she said, "It's tight. It also hurts just a bit but it's easing...." A few seconds passed and she added, "It feels so good."

Curious, I cracked the door a little wider. As it opened, I saw Sue lying on the bed face down. Her ass propped high up in the air on a stack of pillows. It was pointed at the door. Karen was knelling off to the side, rubbing Sue's ass cheek with one hand, and holding her small four-inch by three-quarter inch, vibrating dildo in the other. It was buried to the max, in Sue's anus.

I moved the door just a bit more. Karen looked up and saw me. Her hand rose to her face and she made a shushing sign to me. She motioned me over and pointed to the end of the padded cedar chest. I sat down. I had a full view of Sue's exquisite ass.

From four feet away I could see the stretched brown ring tight around the slim plastic shape, the white of the plastic, bright against the pinkish brown color of Sue's anus. Karen flipped the switch on the end of the vibrator. Sue gasps and wiggled her ass. Karen turned it off.

"Oh, sweet heaven. I didn't know it did that."

"Did you like it?" Karen asked.

"It was a shock. I tightened up, but it wasn't from pain. I guess it did feel good."

Karen flipped the switch again. Sue said, "Oh...! Yes... that's... good." wiggling her ass again. 

Keeping it on, Karen moved the vibrator slowly out and in two inches. The brown ring pulled outward, then dipped in with Karen's movement. Sue gasped and then moaned. Karen shut off the switch. She moved the vibrator again in the two-inch movement. Sue just moaned. Karen kept up the motion. After a dozen slow strokes, she increased the speed and amount of movement.

Sue's ass was wiggling and rotating. As the penetration became the full length of the small dildo, Sue started to thrust against it. Karen stopped moving with it barely inside and flipped the switch on. The small motor buzzed and hummed. So did Sue.

"That's better than my finger, right.... Just relax a second."

"That felt good... so good," Sue said with passion riding her voice.

Karen laid the small toy on a table she had by the side of the bed. She selected another about twice as large and applied oil to it. She rubbed the remainder off her hand, all up and down the crack of Sue's ass. At the bottom of the last slide, her middle two fingers disappeared into Sue's dripping vagina. 

She spread that slippery liquid over the crack too and then slipped a finger slowly into the tight, flexing ring, so well centered in my sight. Sue sighed and moved her ass slowly to Karen's caresses. Karen replaced the finger with the dildo. Only inserting the tip, until the ring started to flex inward. She stopped and held it still. Sue's ass still moved slowly up and down.

As I watched the tapered plastic tube slowly sank into her stretching anus. When half of it was out of sight, Sue slowed her hips and relaxed. 

"That's bigger. It's deeper. I can't believe what I'm doing," Sue whispered almost to herself.

"Why not dear. If you like it, I like it. Your pleasure builds mine."

Karen flipped the switch. A deeper hum came from this motor. Sue's ass jumped. Another inch vanished. Her ass retreated, then quivered. She moaned and moved her head from side to side.

Waiting a moment, Karen flipped the switch off. Sue breathed out "I had a small orgasm. I didn't know I could do that... this way."

Karen chuckled. "There's a lot of ways to get there other than the freeway.... They will get bigger, I'll almost guarantee... you definitely seem to be enjoying this."

"That's one way of putting it. Climbing the walls is closer."

Karen moved the vibrator out and then back to where it had been, going no farther. She paused and then slowly moved it in and out. Sue's ass rotated and jerked. More and more of the toy, was being swallowed. Karen's fingers brushed Sue's slick ass cheeks. She jerked hard and froze.

"Is it all the way in?" Sue asks in a shaky voice.

"Oh, yes. When you jerked that last time you almost took it away from me," Karen said and then laughed.

"Take it out and let me see it. No, don't. It feels too good.... Oh! Oh! Oh...! Don't move it please.... I'm going to come again if you do." Sue said the last with a pleading note in her voice.

I wasn't sure weather she meant what she said or just the opposite. Karen never hesitated she pulled back all the way out and rammed the shaft back to it's full depth. Sue bucked and jumped with each thrust in a counter thrust. A yell that turned into a scream tore Sue's throat. Karen made two more stabs and removed the vibrator.

Sue's ass twitched, hunched, and rotated as though searching for the toy. Slowly over a period of minutes she subsided. She lay totally limp across the pillows and panted. She sounded like she had run a three-minute mile.

Karen bent forward and planted a kiss on each ass cheek. She then placed the toy on the table and motioned for me to move in. Which I did while still trying to stay out of Sue's line of sight, I didn't have much to worry about as her eyes were closed.

When I moved low by the bed, Karen moved to sit on the side of it and spread her legs wide. She grabbed my hair and pulled my face into the V between her legs. As I got the idea she released me and lay back, pillowing her head and shoulders against Sue's still raised ass and hips.

As I pressed my lips to her dripping opening, I slipped my tongue inside as far as it would go. I had to swallow twice in rapid succession. She was flowing copious amounts of fluid. I sucked and tongued her until the flow slowed. Then I moved my tongue up her slit to her clit. As soon as I touched it she exploded in a huge orgasm of her own.

I moved back to the opening in time to catch most of the gushing fluid. As soon as this second flow diminished, I went about licking and suck up the part I had missed. Most of it had gone down her thighs and ass crack.

When my tongue grazed her swollen anal ring, she came again. Not as hard as the first time, but stronger. I went back to the mop up detail. I started my tongue back toward her clit but she intercepted me with her hands. I stopped and sat back on my heels, licking my lips and chin as well as I could.

She lay there breathing hard. Sue was still not moving although her breathing was almost back to normal. I thought about what I had discovered about my waistline earlier. With the large amounts of protein rich fluid I had imbibed this weekend it was no wonder my appetite was satisfied.

What a diet! What a way for the sexually frustrated to lose that unwanted weight. Diet and muscle toning in one package; exercise that was a joy not a pain.

I almost laughed aloud at the thought. It was a good idea but there were too many problems. The medical, social, and legal one's would be insurmountable. It would be viewed as more of a cult by most officials and the general population, a sexual one at that. Shades of the sixties.

Karen kicked me to get my attention. She motioned me to the door. Signaling for me to remain quiet and out of sight. She moved over by Sue, who was showing signs of coming around. I got out of there as quickly as possible.

I waited outside the door, to see what developed. They talked softly. I couldn't make out many of the words. Pillow talk as best I could tell. I heard noises as if they were getting off the bed. I headed for the kitchen to make some ice tea and to wash my face. A few minutes later I heard the shower.

There was a pot of tea on the stove already brewed. It had cooled. I put it in a gallon jug and cut it to taste with cold water. I made three glasses and a frosty pitcher. Placing it all on the serving tray I carried it to the bathroom. The girls were drying each other off.

I put the tray down and watched, smiling. They were so lovely and loving. I looked closely at Karen's figure. There were subtle changes. They were small but definitely there. She was firming up around the waist, that small swelling out just below her navel was shrinking. Her hips were still full and round, but they had always been. That is once she matured and lost her little girl boniness.

They finished and came over to me with a sweet kiss from each. I passed out the tea. Sue asked how I liked my walk. I assured her I had and that I found the area around the creek and bridge interesting. I jokingly expressed my diet idea. I expected them both to laugh. They didn't.

Quite the opposite, they got quite serious and looked at each other and then they burst into laughter. I chuckled along with them, thinking that the absurdity of the idea had finally hit them. They hugged each other.

"That's the missing piece. The starting point and the hook all in one," Karen said gleefully.

"You could be right, but there's still the other point to consider. That's the great unknown," Sue put in.

Karen sobered and replied, "Yes, but we'll sooner or later have to trust my instincts and I'm not totally sure. Not deep down."

"Well, if it doesn't fly. We'll drop the idea. Even if it is a great one."

I followed the back and forth flow of words. I didn't know what it was all about exactly. Although I had the idea it had to do with me. Also I had the feeling it would be something I would not enjoy deciding. There was this nagging little voice that I didn't want to listen to.

The girls turned to me and each took a turn kissing me. Not a quick smooch either, but a long drawn out, deep probing kiss. They were all warm and slick, fresh out of the shower. They folded into my arms. If the idea was to smoke my brain, they made a good start.

Those kisses were toe curlers. When they quit, I was breathing hard and my manhood was at stiff attention. There should have been smoke curling out of my ears. The girls stood close and looked at me. They glanced at each other, then took an arm apiece, and walked me to the bed.

I was in trouble and knew it. It was good trouble to say the least, but I could feel the noose tighten. I knew from somewhere near that little voice, I was being set up for something. First the carrot and then the stick, they were such enchanting carrots with the appetites of horny toads.

The table and its toys were gone from sight. The toy box was on the corner of the bed by the pillows. Karen said, "How about if we play with some of the toys and I take you up on that threat from this morning?"

Sue asked what threat. When Karen told her, Sue's face lit up with a big grin. I reached for the pillows and stacked them the same way as they had been under Sue. Only they were closer to the head of the bed. Karen draped herself over them and got comfortable.

Her ass was high in the air. Her knees were up under her taking a little of her weight and wide spread. Her anus and sex were spread wide in a magnificent display. I saw Sue lick her lips. I motioned for her to proceed. She knelt behind Karen and ran her nails delicately over the smooth globes of Karen's ass cheeks. Karen shivered and wiggled her ass.

I got the toy box and selected the two Karen had used on Sue and one more. I also retrieved the oil from the dresser. Where Karen had used soothing oil on Sue, I got a flavored one. I knew tricks that Sue hadn't seen and I was going to show her a few of them.

Sue licked Karen from clit to tail bone and back. Karen shivered again. I moved to where I could watch Sue work that magical tongue of her. She worked it into Karen's open vagina, swirling and dipping it deeper and deeper.

"Oh, yes... that's nice.... That's very nice," Karen murmured.

Sue went deeper, to the full length of that miracle of a tongue. Then she stroked it in and out, swirling and flicking it from side to side.

"That's good.... Oh, yes! Yes.... I love that... but I want something in the other hole.... Please... pretty please."

Sue lick Karen from top to bottom again and then zeroed in on the brown ring of Karen's desire. The tip of her tongue touched home and Karen's ass jerked back against it. Sue's tongue slipped inside an inch. She held it there. Karen's ass started to quiver as Sue's tongue flexed and smoothly wormed it's way in. Sue would pause from time to time then move ever forward.

She reached a point where it wouldn't go anymore. She started to snake it out. Karen's ass shook and trembled. She had a double hand full of sheet and comforter. She was trying not to moan but failed. 

Sue reamed her tongue in and out at a medium speed. Karen's ass moved every which a way. After a few minutes of this, Sue moved away from Karen. Grinning she motioned me to replace her. 

I looked at the smallest and medium size toys and rejected them. I oiled the largest. It was shorter than the real thing and a little smaller in diameter. It had rings running around its full length.

Moving into position, I used my wide tongue to lick up and down the wide spread crack in Karen's tail. She wiggled it seductively. I pressed the tip of the soft plastic to the pulsing ring. It slid in the first two inches easily. Karen's hips rotated slowly.

I tripped the switch on the end and it buzzed softly and slowly. The rotation increased. I turned the end like a dial; the buzz turned to a hum and got louder. I applied pressure and it slid in another two inches. I turned the dial up to max. Karen paused the motion of her hips. I shoved the toy hard. It buried another three inches. Fully in I paused and decreased the dial to it lowest setting.

Karen still wasn't moving but a low growl was building in her chest. I leaned my face close to the junction of plastic and tight flesh and ran my tongue around it. Karen's ass bucked. I continued to lick in circles around the plastic making firm contact with the strained brown ring.

Her ass started a hunching motion on the toy and my tongue. I moved back and took my hand away, leaving her impaled on the dildo, about an inch stuck out, stark white against her lightly tanned skin. Her ass moved slowly inward then outward, making the vibrator bob up and down.

I reached in the toy box, got a vibrating cock ring, and slipped it over the base of my manhood behind the sack. It was tighter than I remembered. I eased up, fitted the head of my shaft to Karen's slowly clinching and flexing vaginal opening, and pushed hard.

My shaft sank to it full length into the hot, tight, velvety sheath. It made a wet squishing noise, with a slap at the end as my hips contacted her raised cheeks. I took care to bump the end of the toy, but not too hard. Karen's ass jumped and bucked.

The growl became a long drawn out yell of "yes." I held my dick still but gently rocked against the plastic dildo. Karen's hips were quaking and trembling. I reached between us and turned on the motor of the cock ring. The trembling became a fast and furious wiggle. I grasp the vibrator and move it and my manhood out slowly and then back in.

I continued this, letting the two shafts slowly get out of sync. As one was going in the other was coming out. I could feel the ridged vibrator through the thin wall separating the two openings. Karen's ass and hips were still gyrating. The growl was growing deeper and louder.

Karen had been having small orgasms since I had first inserted the toy, each one just a touch stronger than the last. At the peak of one, I removed the toy and dropped it. I sped up my strokes and lengthened them. Karen's hips started to move against me.

Pulling completely out, I applied a bit of oil to my shaft, and fit the head to her stretched anus. The head, with its flared flange was larger than the toy by far. But it was flexible and slick with the mix of oil and natural lubrication.

I pressed my hips forward. Karen bucked her hips back hard and sharply. The shaft popped inside and slid slowly in until my pelvis was against her cushiony globes. The growl was a roar. Her ass wiggled and squirmed. I started a rhythmic sawing. Somewhere the cockring had come off.

Karen matched my strokes, with little ass lifting strokes of her own. The hot churning canal of her rear, spasmed, clamping and unclenching around me. Sue had this glazed look on her face as I glanced at her and grinned.

Her eyes were transfixed on the union of Karen and I. She was sitting on her legs with her knees wide spread. She had her clit between two fingers. She was alternately stroking it and pinching it. Her hips were twitching and quivering. She licked her dry lips and swallowed hard.

Our movements had Karen's ass spanking hard against my pelvis. Her cheeks were slowly reddening. She suddenly froze. I increased my speed and force. Her hips bucked once, twice, three times. I slowed my pace and eased out of her.

Moving over, I motioned Sue to Karen's rear. The vaginal opening and slit below were soaking wet. Sue licked her lips and went to work cleaning the area thoroughly, her tongue in a frenzy.

I walked into the bathroom and turned on the hot water. When it was warm, I rinsed my shaft. I returned to the bed. Sue was still at her feast. Her ass was up in the air and her attention was taken up with Karen.

Grabbing the smallest toy, I oiled it. I moved behind Sue and slipped it into her anus. She jumped forward and then eased back. It slid in easily. She was still loosened up from earlier. I made a few strokes with it then switched to the next larger. It fit easily also. I stroked gently and slowly with it. When Sue's hips would start to hunch against it I would stop, and then start again.

I stopped and left the toy in place. I flipped the small switch. Sue's hips rotated. I oiled my shaft and entered Sue's tight, hot sex. I went in slowly and bumped the toy as I had on Karen. Sue bucked and jerked her hips.

My shaft was flooded, her muscles flexed and sucked at me, almost painfully so. The oil allowed me to keep moving slowly. She continued to buck. I slipped out, and removed the toy from her rear. I quickly pressed the head of my shaft to the opening. I could feel it open and close slightly.

At one of the openings I shoved sharply forward. I moved in two inches and stopped. I didn't want to stop, but the wild woman I was attached to made any other course of action out of the question. She was jumping, jerking, bucking wildly. She was yelling incoherently.

Her trashing around was impaling her deeper on my shaft. The more she thrashed the deeper I went. The heat and churning of her rear was excruciating. I felt my own orgasm start to build. Sue was pressed back so hard on me now that I moved back and nearly lost my balance.

Sue came up on her hands and bucked back hard. The motion caught me unaware and I fell backwards. As my shaft started to withdraw, Sue yelled "no," and jerked back and up. She ended up sitting on my lap, with my shaft buried in her ass.

She screamed, "Yes!"

The position we were in prevented either of us from moving. All Sue could do was wiggle and squirm her hot rear. Her insides were like liquid fire and moving more than enough. It was a rolling boil.

Karen rolled off the pillows and looked at us with her mouth open and her eyes wide. She crawled over in front of Sue and pressed her knees wide apart. Sue shook her head and wailed again. Karen's head moved in and her lips sucked in Sue's clit. It was a full inch long.

Sue went wild again. I had a tiger by the tail or rather in the tail. I wouldn't have believed it possible but the heat and motion of her insides increased. It was the last straw. I exploded in a series of long hard ejaculations. The strength and length of these was mind bending.
