 When I awoke, the day was just starting to break. I was still a spoon with Karen. Also, still inside her anus although I was soft. Kim was still draped over the pillows with Sue and Matt's heads under her sex. Sue and Matt lay spooned on their side like Karen and I.

I chuckled to myself it looked like the leftovers from a Roman Orgy around here. Karen stirred softly but did not wake. She flexed her hips once and then again. My shaft started to slowly stiffen. As it did, it moved deeper into her and her hips moved more.

Her eyes fluttered open and she yawned. Her hips moved again and she smiled. Her hips continued to work slowly. Sue's eyes opened, then shut again. I could just see one of them under Kim's thigh. They popped open again. She slowly wiggled her hips back tighter against Matt.

I figured he was still buried also. Her hips moved up and forward. She was working him in and out with long strokes. After three or four, his head appeared over her shoulder, which he kissed.

Karen's hips were mirroring Sue's. Sue licked at the inside of Kim's thigh. She mumbled in her sleep. Sue licked again. There was more of a mumble. One of Kim's eyes opened. It closed and then both opened. She smiled at Karen and I. She went up to her knees slowly, only to find Matt and Sue between them.

She moved over behind Matt and kissed him. She looked down to where Sue and Matt were joined and her eyes went wide. She licked her lips and stared. Sue reached around and pulled at Matt. He rolled over on top of her and they both got to their knees. Sue pounded her ass back against Matt.

Karen did the same to me. When we reached our knees, I made a long slow stroke then a hard one. Kim moved around so she could watch both shafts work in and out of the girl's rears. Her hand went to her clit. Matt and I were both stroking hard, long, and fast now.

The first sounds of the morning were a language all their own. The four of us were all getting noisy. The sound of hips slapping on ass cheeks was loud. The girls were moaning and groaning. Matt and I were breathing hard and loud.

I felt Karen's hand touch my balls and knew where her fingers were. She began to come, hard and fast. So did I. When I looked over at Matt and Sue, she was humping her hips hard against Matt's motionless shaft. Her head was whipping from side to side.

Kim had two fingers of one hand working in and out of her sex. She was alternately rubbing and pinching her clit with the other. Her eyes were now shut. Her body went ridged and a shiver ran up, then down it. She sat back hard between her heels.

"What a hell of a way to start the day," I said.

*****

The program of the day was for the six couples to split into three groups and go on a hike and picnic. Karen and Matt went with the Everett's and Mac's. Kim and Sue went with the Thompson's and O'Dell's. I took the White's and the Robert's.

The three trails took different routes of about four miles to the same spot, a picnic area near the old pond on the far side of the dam. The walk back would be as a group on around the old pond and behind our marriage hill to the bridge near cabin one. A new swimming area had been built there, a place to cool off before reaching the main camp.

The first group left. Karen and Matt were nude, as were the Mac's. Shawn Everett was also. Carla, on seeing everyone else nude, slowly removed her shirt. She reached for her shorts, thought about it, but did not remove them. Shawn smiled at her and put his arm around her.

Sue and Kim, both nude, led their group off. The Thompson's at the rear were both still nude. The O'Dell's had their tops off. Brian was eyeing the two women walking in front of him. That is until Martha stopped and stared at him hard. He stopped and looked at her. Slowly he reached out his hand and motioned her to take it. She did with a smile that lit her face. She was actually very pretty when her smile was for real.

I started for the third trail. Ken white was nude. His wife still had on her shorts. The Robert's had on just their shorts; they fell in behind me. As they passed the White's, Sandi White said to Sandy Roberts. "I wish I had the nerve to take my shorts off."

"If I were to take mine off, would you feel better about it?" Sandy asked. I stopped, stepping to the side of the trail.

John Roberts stopped also and stared hard at his wife. "What did I tell you about that? Do I have to tell you again? You keep you're damn shorts on. Running around without your shirt is bad enough,"

Sandy dropped her head and then she looked up at Mrs. White and smiled shyly. She slowly turned her head to look at her husband over her shoulder. She held his glare. She slowly straightened up to her full height and stuck out her chest.

"If I want to take off my shorts, I will... If you don't like it, I'm sorry. I'm already sorry for so many things, one more won't make a difference," she said in a soft confident voice. She looked back at Mrs. White and with a show of defiance removed her shorts. She rolled them up and put them in her pouch.

"How about it Sandi? Want to join the rebellion? They can only shoot us," she said.

"I didn't mean to start any trouble between you and your husband," Sandi said in a rush.

"You don't have to worry about it. My husband starts enough trouble, by himself, which is what he's working real hard on being... being by himself," she added with a pointed look at John. "You just skinny out of those shorts and throw them away. You will be fine. You'll like the freedom." She stressed the last word hard.

Sandi took a deep breath and looked at her husband. He nodded. She hastily removed the shorts and quickly stuffed them into the pouch. She was not going to allow herself time to think. She stood very still for a moment, and then relaxed, and a smile slowly filled her face.

"I guess someone seeing my fat nude body won't faint or run away screaming," she said with a laugh.

Her husband Ken put his arm around her waist and kissed her. "I told you that you aren't fat, just in need of fresh air and exercise."

John Roberts snorted and turned around. He muttered as he walked off. "If the damn whore wants to run around nude, the hell with her."

I grabbed his arm. "You silly son of a bitch, just who the hell do you think you are? There are two respectable ladies with us here. There is not a whore on this whole property and I will remind you that I, along with my family own this place. I think you owe both of these ladies an apology."

"Take... you're... hand... off... me!" he said coldly. "I'm going to my cabin. If my wife does not join me in a few minutes... with her clothes on, I'll be leaving and the hell with you're apology."

I looked at his wife. Her eyes had taken on an inner fire. She was totally defiant. "When you reach the gate, there is a phone in the box under the key pad. Dial one, two, and one. That is a direct line to the institute's office in town. Tell them to send a car for you. It will take them ten minutes to arrive. Press two twice on the pad. That will open the gate," I said still holding his arm and squeezing.

He jerked it out of my grasp and stomped away. Sandy watched him walk away without looking back. He was almost to the cabin when she took a small step forward and froze. Flashes of emotion ran across her face. It hardened into a frown and she stepped back.

"Shall we continue our hike?" She said looking at me. I motioned with my arm for her to proceed. She did with long strides and a swing of her hips. She threw back her head and laughed.

Mr. and Mrs. White looked at each other and then at me. I slowly shook my head and held my hand out for them to also proceed. I brought up the rear. 

*****

We had gone almost half the distance when Sandy slowed her pace and fell in beside me. She did not look at me. "Did I do the right thing? Should I have...?" She let the sentence hang.

I wanted to scream at her, "Damn right you did the right thing!" I couldn't though, it was not my place. "If what you did is what you thought was right for you, then yes... you're right. If not then..." I let my sentence hang also.

Mrs. White stopped and turned around so fast Sandy ran into her. Mrs. White grabbed her before she bounced off and fell. She held onto Sandy and looked into her eyes. "If my Kenny ever talked to me that way, I'd break both his legs. I am just a fat old sow but a girl has to have her pride. You are a beautiful young lady. You can do a lot better than that slob."

The Sandy's hugged each other. Sandy sniffed and Sandi patted her softly on the back. I looked at Ken, smiled, and nodded. He smiled and nodded back. The Sandy's walked on with their arms around each other's waists. Ken and I followed.

A short ways down the trail we came to the rest area. It had a small covered patio, with a table and three benches. There was a water fountain and small toilet facility. We took a break.

I sat down at the table. Ken and Sandy headed for the toilet. Sandi went to the fountain. When she came over and sat across from me, I said, "Thanks for your help, you're a great lady... But please, do yourself and me a favor, don't deride yourself... Yes, you have a little weight to lose if you need or want to, otherwise you are a good, kind, and caring person. Those are hard to find."

She looked at me for a long moment. "I think you mean that... Thank you, I will try to do as you ask. Ken has said the same things many times but I thought it was just because he loved me."

"Yes I do," Ken, said as he walked up behind her and put his hands on her shoulders. 

He kissed her hair. She tilted her head back so he could kiss her lips. His hands slipped down across her chest to brush over her large hard nipples and disappeared below the level of the table.

Sandy came out of the bathhouse and stopped. She was looking at Ken and Sandi. I walked over to her and offered her my arm. She slipped hers through mine. We walked slowly up the trail. I said loudly over my shoulder, "You two take a longer break. We will walk slow and wait for you often. There's no real hurry."

There was a chorus of thanks from behind Sandy and I. We walked around a couple of bends and came to a small grassy opening. We had been in thick woods for most of the way. Sandy walked out into the bright sunshine. She lifted her arms high over head and stretched up onto her toes. She arched her back and turned in slow circles.

I stood and watched the spectacular golden display. She was a beautiful figure to behold. She stopped and slowly lay down on the grass. She laid there on her back for a few moments and then slowly spread her arms and legs as wide as they would go. She lay there soaking in the sun.

I leaned against a tree and drank her in. The blond hair on the top and middle of her body glowed. The super fine gold hair on her body made it shine.

There was a sound from down the trail. Softly I called, "Sandy, the Whites are catching back up with us." 

She stirred and moved her limbs back against her body. She was still for a moment and then she sat up and climbed to her feet. She walked slowly toward me trying to brush off her back.

She stopped right in front of me. She looked at my semi stiff manhood and smiled. She turned for me to brush her back. I did, from her shoulders to her knees. As I rose to my feet, she turned and hugged me. We turned and walked back onto the path. Ken and Sandi came around the bend with their arms around each other. Both were smiling broadly.

*****

We were the last, beside the Mac's, to arrive at the picnic area. They arrived twenty minutes later. Most everyone was through with their lunches. I pointed out the two box lunches on the table. They both grinned and shook their heads. They walked over to the grass under a tree by the lake and lay down close to each other. 

Everyone was nude by the time we left for the five-mile walk back to the cabins. The O'Dell's were the last to remove their shorts. Martha spilled a big glob of mustard on hers. She rinsed them out in the lake and carried them. Brian looked unhappy but he removed his also, but only after Martha had a very quiet, animated talk with him.

I had noticed Martha eyeing the men quite discretely. Especially Greg Mac. Even Shawn Everett. Now I knew why. Brian had been shortchanged in the manhood department. A large thumb is a close comparison. His was a classic case of over compensation toward power and control. He could chase the ladies from a position of authority and privilege.

I was close to the rear of the group. Matt and Karen were in the lead. I moved off to the side and stopped looking for Kim and Sue. They were in the rear, walking with Sandy between them. They had a discussion going. I figured it was girl talk and I would not, nor could not add anything.

I'd had a quick talk with Karen and Kim over the picnic lunch, filling them in on the events at the head of the trail. They would decide how to handle things with and for Sandy from here. I fell in beside Tom Thompson and his wife.

I was happy to see them both smiling and at least holding hands. They seemed much more relaxed and natural. We talked of trivial things for a while and then out of the blue Shara said, "I want a baby. Tom does not. Who do you think is right?" Tom frowned, released her hand, and moved a step ahead of us.

I looked at her and at his back as he moved even farther ahead. "There is no right answer to that question," I said loud enough that he had to hear. He stopped and moved to the side of the trail. Shara and I stopped with him.

We stood and watched everyone file past. Kim lifted an eyebrow at me. I moved my head to the side. She and Sue kept walking. Sandy looked back over her shoulder and shyly smiled at me. She would have walked off the trail, if Kim had not steered her in the right direction. They went on around the turn in the trail.

"That's what I keep trying to explain to Shara, Doc," Tom said slowly, looking at his wife. "Now is not the time for kids, things are so screwed up. The world was getting crazy when we were kids. It is ten times worse now. There is no answer to it. I wouldn't like to grow up now."

Shara was frowning. I said, looking into Tom's eyes, "I'm not a doctor, I'm a councilor, an old councilor, twice your age. I thought the same thing when I was your age... But you did not hear what I said a minute ago. I was not agreeing with you... I wasn't agreeing with anyone."

They were both wearing a look of confusion. "What I meant was, the time to have kids is never totally right for everyone involved. It is a decision that is either made together as a couple or as an accident. Sometime a purposeful accident." Tom's look changed to a dark frown. Shara just looked nervous.

I paused and walked over to a tree and squatted down, using it for a backrest. They moved over to a small grassy spot near by. They sat close together. I just looked at them for a few minutes.

"My wife and I have been married for over ten years. We have no kids. She got pregnant once, early in our marriage. We lost the child before it was born. We have never stopped trying to conceive, but it has never happened again... I have given up worrying about it. So has she... But I still see the loss and emptiness in her eyes, when she is around someone else's small children."

I paused to gather my thoughts. "If you both can't agree on whether to have children or not, don't let that tear you apart. The opposite side of the coin nearly destroyed our marriage. We worked through it and came out stronger on the other side."

Shara started to say something then changed her mind. I shot a questioning look at her. "That's what I keep trying to tell Tom. We have plenty of time... He doesn't say it but..." She stopped talking and dropped her head and eyes.

I looked at Tom. He stared hard back at me and then looked away with a frown. "Tom is scared you will stop birth control and get pregnant. Would you do that?" I ask her softly.

"I've told him that I have no intentions of getting pregnant... He was once trapped into a marriage by a girl who got pregnant and later, he found out it was not his. The marriage was annulled. This was long before he met me... If he would just talk to me, maybe just believe what I tell him... I love him. I'd never do anything to hurt him." She was almost on the verge of tears.

Tom was looking at the ground. "Tom, do you love Shara? I mean really love her." He looked up at me hard.

"Yes! Yes, I do...! I... I don't talk about feelings. Not well, anyway. I get... frustrated. I can't say what I want... what I mean. It does not come out right. I get mad... At myself, I mean... I guess I act angry most of the time." He looked back at the ground.

I looked at him and laughed. He looked at me as if I had struck him. He started to rise. "No, Tom. I am not laughing at you... far from it. Welcome to the adult world of male, female interrelationships. I wish I could tell you it gets easier but I can't. It takes a lot of hard work and a lot of trust." He continued to look at me but he settled back beside his wife. 

"Why don't you two sit here for a while and talk. What I've said, you have probable heard a thousand times from the doctors. The difference is they are talking from books and I am talking from experience. I have no reason to bullshit you. I feel that you are a great, loving couple except for a difference of opinion. Don't waste what you have."

I rose and smiled at them. "You love each other, that's what counts... Everything else is easy if you remember that and trust each other. Tom, don't try so hard to express what you feel. Words are poor things to express love anyway. Sometimes just talking slowly and quietly works wonders."

I smiled. "Shara, take care of him. He tries, that is very important. Help him with the rough spots. Gently coax and coach him when he tries to express himself. Just don't put words in his mouth."

I walked on down the trail. As I turned the bend, they were kissing each other softly. I continued with a grin. I picked up my pace to catch up with the group. The trail turned and ran along the side of a ridge. There were tall, scattered pines on the sides and top of the ridge. The bottoms to the left were thick along a small creek, intermixed with tall massive oaks.

The trail curved right around the end of the ridge and dropped to cross another creek bottom. This one was open with scattered large and small oaks. As I cleared the brush line to the left, I caught a glimpse of movement. Where the two creeks joined was a small deep clear pool. I had hunted this area the past winter for deer. I froze.

I was expecting to see deer. At first, I did not see anything and then I saw two people, it was Beth and Greg Mac. They were in the pool. But that was not the original movement I had seen, it had been more to the right. There it was again, behind a large oak by the side of the trail, across the bottom.

It was Martha O'Dell. I sank slowly to my knee. I was in the open except for a couple of small bushes; if I tried to go in any direction, she would see me. I did not want to embarrass her as I had the idea that she didn't need that right now. My best bet was to stay put. 

Martha came around the tree to my side. She was watching the Mac's intently. There was a laugh and a giggle from them as they climbed out of the pool. Beth had a double hand full of Greg's manhood. She led him over to a tree and he leaned back against it.

She went to her knees in front of him. His shaft was no longer short or as big around as it normally was. It was a foot long and at least four inches across. Beth licked the large head, around the back of the flanged collar, and up and down the V groove under it. He moaned deeply.

She kept this up until he moaned again. She pressed her lips over the head. That is all that would fit her mouth. She worried at it with vigor. He put his hands on her head and gently moved it away.
