 We spent the fall and winter commuting from the camp to the city. We had interviews with the doctors and classes at the college. If I had known about some of these classes, I would have spent more time in class and less time drinking beer the first time, I was here.

On the third day of a human nature, sexual orientation class, the lady professor walked in stark naked. She started the lecture like there was nothing unusual about it. Several students in the small class snickered and or giggled. She stopped and asked them pointedly to come to the front of the room.

"Do you lady and gentlemen find something about my lecture amusing."

"No ma'am, Miss... I mean, Professor Lee. I was just caught unprepared, I apologize." The young coed answered quickly. The three young male students just stood there.

"Well, gentlemen. I need an answer and I need it now.... If this course is a joke to you, you may leave right now. This is not now, nor will it ever be anything beside a serious course. If you think it is a slide course, you have another think coming. The people who are here to learn and to teach are very serious and have a reason to be so."

They still just stared in confusion. "You three are dismissed as of right now. Be in my office at four PM. Bring a two-page answer to why you are in this class and another two pages on why you should be allowed to stay. Any questions?"

Two of the boys started to speak. She held up her hand. "You had your chance, four PM gentlemen. Good day."

They looked at each other and slowly filed out. Professor lee returned to the podium. She looked the room over slowly. "Everyone will please move down front and center.... Please."

When we were all re-seated, she continued while looking us all over carefully. "Every year the football team or some fraternity has tried to break into this class. Every year I weed them out. I've started early this year."

Sue, Karen, and I were sitting together in the back row. As she spoke, her eyes slowly continued their scan. They settled on me, seated between the two ladies. "Sir, you seem to be the oldest member of this group. Do you see anything wrong with my mode of dress?"

"No, Professor Lee, from here, not a bit," I returned with a smile.

"Would you come up here, please?" She asked.

I went to the front. She motioned me to the raised podium. "If I told you to undress, what would you do?" She asked.

"Probable, start to do it," I stated.

"Please do so."

I unbuttoned my shirt and removed it. Hanging it on a chair, I sat and removed my shoes and socks. I then stood and removed my slacks and underwear. When I was bare, I stood with my hands behind my back.

"Thank you. Would you take your seat, please." When I reached for my clothes, she added, "Those are all right, where they are."

I returned to my seat, it was cold. The professor looked at a young coed. "You appear to be the youngest person here. Would you come up and disrobe also."

She did, very slowly and shyly. Then stood and tried quite unsuccessfully to cover up with her hands and arms. The professor told her to turn around in a complete circle and take a seat.

When she did, the professor said, "What you've just witnessed is human nature. The differences between the oldest male and the youngest female are quite marked. What may not be so readily apparent, are the mental differences. Where his body is, while in excellent condition for his age, somewhat beyond what is considered prime. The young lady is at the peak of her physical form. The most significant differences are in the attitudes each has to the rest of us viewing these forms."

She called two more girls up. One was Karen and one was a cute redhead. "Would you two ladies disrobe and face each other, please."

I watched Karen take off her clothes and then glanced at the red head. Yes, she was. The professor motioned for them to walk toward each other and stop about three feet apart. I watched Karen run her eyes up and down the redhead and the redhead do the same. They smiled at each other.

"Would you hug each other, please."

They did, with a full slow embrace. The professor called up the last two male students. "Would you do as the girls did and disrobe, please."

One of the boys began to undress. The other just stood there for a moment. He then walked over and picked up his books and left.

As she watched the student leave the professor said, "We seem to be short one male student. Sir, would you do me a favor and come back up here?" She was looking at me.

I returned to the stage and faced the young man, who had finished disrobing. "Would you two hug, please." I took a step forward. The young man froze. I reached up and put a hand on each of his shoulders. He took a deep breath and step against me for the hug.

"Thank you gentlemen, be seated," she said. "We weeded out another student. Would the last two ladies please come up and disrobe."

When Sue and a heavy set blond had finished undressing the professor continued. "If you watched the first two ladies closely, you noticed that they eyed each other closely and then hugged as if they were clothed. The two men on the other hand only let their eyes wander above the waist, and that the younger of the two men was quite shy about the hug. The older actually had to coax him."

She walked over to the heavyset girl and hugged her, and then she hugged Sue. She kissed Sue. Sue kissed her back. Professor Lee paused and looked at Sue hard. She walked back to the heavy set girl and started to hug her again. The girl backed away. 

"You wouldn't kiss me?" The professor asked. The girl shook her head.

"Why not? Would you kiss the young man in the front row?"

"Well... I might if he wanted me to. But... I.... I've.... No. I have never kissed another woman. I've.... I.... It's not right," she said stumblingly.

"Have you ever kissed your mother?"

"Well, yes. But it's not the same. I love my mom. It's not sex," the girl blurted out.

"I didn't ask you to make love to or with me, only to kiss me. Just a peck on the lips would have been fine," Professor lee said. "See me at 3:30 this afternoon. Take your seat."

"That will be all for today," She said returning to the podium. "Would you three remain after everyone leaves," she said to Karen, Sue, and I. 

We moved down front and took seats. She went over some papers and made notes from time to time. When everyone was gone, she looked up and said, "Would you pick up your clothes and follow me, please." She walked to the door she had entered from, and we followed.

The room was a study, dressing room, and lounge. There was a desk and shelves full of books on one side and a couch and two chairs on the other. "Take a seat," professor Lee said as she went to the desk and deposited her notes and book.

We took a seat on the couch. She returned and sat in the chair across from us. She was very much at ease, even nude with three strangers. She was of Asian decent, which was obvious. She had the small, pointed breasts with small high nipples; her pubic hair was sparse and straight. Her face was like a china doll. Her eyes had very little of the oriental characteristics but they were the most entrancing green, with almost a gold flake appearance. Long straight black hair fell to the bottom of her shoulder blades.

She was only five feet tall, slim, and well defined. She re-crossed her legs slowly and began, "You three are together." This was a statement.

"Yes we are," I said. "This is my wife Karen and this is my wife Sue."

"Two wives are not legal in Texas... but I understand the concept. Doctor Howard mentioned there would be a plural marriage in my class. How is it working?"

Karen and Sue looked at each other across me. They both smiled broadly. "Great for this first three months. There have been no problems," Karen said.

"Karen and Mark have been a God sent gift to me and I've tried to return their love fully. It's very simple, they love me, and I love them," Sue said with a big smile.

"There is no jealousy or pettiness?" The professor asked pointedly.

"We love each other as Sue said. You are not jealous of the ones you truly love. You are happy for and with them." I replied.

"Would the three of you have any objections to making love to me, right here and now?" She asked.

We all looked at each other to see our reaction to this offer or question, whichever it was. Karen answered for us. "Professor--"

"Kim in private will be fine. We are all old enough to handle first names," the professor interrupted.

"As I started to say... Kim, we find no physical objection. We would all probable highly enjoy it, but.... We all agreed when we first discussed this future we're embarking on, that love and total mutual respect had to be there before sex."

"After that kiss you gave me, I am highly intrigued by what the rest would be like but Karen is right." Sue paused to look at Karen and I closely. "If you come out to the camp after we get it operational, we all can spend time together. Who knows? But the invitation will be open."

Kim sat and looked us over. You could see her mind at working in her face. "I'm... going to take you on face value. I was worried that you fit into the thrill seeker category. We get some people, either singles or even couples that think this would be an easy place to hunt."

She smiled and went on, "As for the invitation I will keep it in mind. If you graduate from my class, I just might take you up on it.... I want to thank you for your open and forthright answers, also for putting up with my little games today. They are necessary and serve a good purpose."

We all stood up and I extended my hand to shake. She looked at each of us and asked, "Could I have a kiss?"

The girls and I exchanged looks and I stepped forward and took her in my arms and kissed her as I would Karen or Sue. When I stepped back, Karen did the same, and then Sue kissed her. Sue's kiss was lengthy and lingering. They broke slowly. 

Kim took two or three deep breaths. "Thank you, I enjoyed that. I'll see you in class on Wednesday," Kim said with a small but warm smile.

We dressed and departed.

*****

The classes, study groups, discussion, and lectures were seemingly endless. As was the sessions with the doctors and their staff. In late march, it started to wind down. The class, which had started out with ten students was now down to six, four ladies and two gentlemen. 

Karen, Sue, and I made up half the class. Heather was the redhead. The young blonde's name was Ashley. The other guy was Matt, with two tees. Matt was older than I first thought. He was twenty-nine.

After the first few weeks, things had loosened up. The professor, Kim, and the rest of us were all on first name bases. The nude session was the only one. Although the subject matter we covered was varied and detailed, it was handled in a very frank and straightforward manner. 

It almost all involved sex and or sexual behavior. Sometimes the tension would be highly charged in the class. Now was such a time. We were in the middle of a review. We were covering a wide range of topics and had a free hand in asking questions. Most of the questions were of a detailed nature on specific points.

We took a break. Kim asked Matt, Ashley and me to come to the podium. When we were all there, she asked us to disrobe. She did also. When we were all nude, she walked over to Ashley and took her hand, leading her to the front.

She put her arms around Ashley and soundly kissed her. Ashley held back at first then gave in totally to the kiss. When they moved apart each was breathing hard.

Kim said to Matt and I, "Would you hug and kiss, please?"

I looked at Matt. I had never kissed a man before. I could see he had not either. I shrugged and stepped toward him. He moved forward also, not freezing as he had the first time we hugged. Our lips met briefly and we parted. His lips felt no different from Karen's or Sue's. The body was a little warmer and harder.

What was different was the almost electric shock of our penises touching. It was a little unnerving. We were about the same height and build. He was in the better shape of youth. Although I was getting in better and better shape the longer the girls and I were together.

Exercise and diet were doing great things. I looked and felt better than I had in a long time. Our lovemaking had slowed just a bit as things settled into a familiar routine. Also, the time spent on classes and study, interviews, and reports had grown as time passed and our schooling neared an end.

The bouts between us may have been less frequent but they were more intense. It had been a few days since our last serious love making session. The contact with Matt had me semi ridged. I glanced at Matt and was surprised to find him fully hard. I also noted he was longer than I was and about the same diameter.

Kim looked us both over and smiled. She turned to the rest of the class and said, "While the state of the two gentlemen's arousal is quite apparent, mine and Ashley are not. I can't speak for her but mine is quite high." She looked at Ashley. Ashley nodded and smiled shyly.

"Would the rest of you undress and join us, please. Mark, Matt, would you check the doors and make sure they are all locked, including the one to my office."

When we returned everyone was on stage and nude. They were in a loose circle. We joined it. I was between Ashley and Sue. 

"Would every other person, starting with me, turn to the person on your right, and hug and kiss them. When you finish, move to the next person to your right until everyone has hugged and kissed everyone else."

Ashley turned to me and came into my arms. I kissed her, starting softly. She increased the passion in the kiss almost immediately. She was warm and wiggly in my arms. I was thoroughly turned on by the time she broke away.

I was slightly embarrassed by my rock hard state as I faced Matt again. He was as solid, rock hard as I was. Kim smiled at me over her shoulder as she turned to Karen. I looked at Matt. He hugged me tightly and kissed my as though he meant it. I did the same. He opened his mouth slightly and I ran my tongue over his teeth and gums. He eased back and lightly kept a hold on me.

I was very aware of our bodily contact. His shaft was pressed up between us right next to mine. They were both almost searing hot. He moved his lips back to mine and we kissed lightly again. We stepped back with grins.

I turned to Kim as he turned to Ashley. I heard a sharp intake of breath from Ashley as their bodies touched. I looked over my shoulder. Where I had held her gently and she, me, she was wrapped arms and legs around Matt. He held her completely off the floor.

I looked back at Kim. She was grinning and looking down between us. She looked up into my eyes and climbed me like a tree. I had my arms full of squirming female flesh. She was the warmest person I had ever felt. She was hot to the touch like someone with a fever.

Where her sex was plastered to the head of my manhood, I thought I was going to be cooked. Boiled in her juices was more like it. Her opening was positioned right over and around the head. If I had eased her down, just a bit, she would have been impaled. I was sorely tempted. After a long dizzying kiss, she eased back and down.

We were both breathing hard. I turned to Karen. I heard a moan from Sue. I looked over to see her kissing Matt with his manhood trapped between her legs. Her hips were moving back and forth. I looked back at Karen who was smiling broadly and licking her lips.

She rose up on her toes and stepped forward, trapping me the same way Matt was trapped. Karen was on fire. We locked into a kiss. I wanted to throw her down and make mad passionate love right then and there. Karen's hips were moving steadily on my shaft. It was soaked from her and from Kim.

As we parted, I felt her moan softly against my lips. I kissed her lightly and gently on the lips. I stepped back and eased my shaft from between her legs. Letting the head slid up the slit to bump her clit. Her hips jumped and she smiled again.

I slowly turned to Heather. She and Matt were just starting to kiss. He had her wrapped in his arms. She was pressed as tightly against him as possible. Her right leg was raised and hooked high about his ass. She was rubbing against his trapped manhood. She was tall and her sex was in full contact.

Kim and Sue were locked tightly together in a deep kiss. Ashley and Karen were the same way. Ashley had her hands filled with Karen's ass cheeks. They were grinding their hips together.

Kim and Sue broke apart. Sue went to her knees. Kim placed her right foot and leg around Sue's shoulders, placing her hands on Sue's head for balance. Sue's face was between Kim's thighs.

Sue's long tongue snaked out and took a long lick. It started from far back between the thighs to end at Kim's clit. Her ass was rotating as the tongue traced a circle around the hard nub. The tongue slid back down to disappear from sight up into the opening of her vagina. Kim's hips were moving back and forth.

I looked back at Karen and Ashley. Karen's face was working at Ashley's sex. Ashley pulled at Karen's head, then moved away, and lay down on the floor, pulling at Karen's arm until she moved over the top of her. They went to work on each other.

Heather had her mouth wrapped around Matt's shaft. She was rapidly bobbing her head up and down. He was holding onto her head and one shoulder. He pulled back and eased her down on her back. He went down on his knees between her wide spread legs and kissed her scarlet and pink sex.

His tongue appeared and he lapped at her like a kitten after cream with little short fast strokes, starting at her clit and working down. Her hips were arching and flexing. She had two hands full of hair and pressing his face into her sex.

I turned back to Kim and Sue. Sue was sitting on the floor leaning back on her elbows. Kim was on her elbows and knees sucking Sue's clit with short strokes of her own. Sue opened her eyes and they locked onto mine. She shifted her weight and motioned to me with one hand.

I moved toward them as Heather's loud moan caught my attention. Matt was hilted in her and she had her ankles locked high on his back. When I looked back, Sue pointed to Kim's raised ass. I went to my knees and started to lick her anus. Sue shook her head.

I moved forward and fit the head of my shaft against Kim's opening. I held still, waiting to see if she would pull away. The head was back in the broiler again. God, she was hot. She did not pull away, quite the opposite, she rammed her ass back. Half my shaft slid into that boiling sleeve. I groaned as Kim rotated her ass and eased back against me. The deeper I penetrated, the hotter and tighter she was. I knew I would not last long. Not long at all.

I pulled back and started long slow strokes. Kim kept pace in a counter point to my movements. Sue smiled at me over Kim's back and then arched up against her face, and let out a deep moan. I increased my pace slightly. Kim increased hers more. I was slapping her ass with smacks from my hips.

She froze and threw her head back, wiggling her ass hard from side to side. Her insides were boiling and rolling. I came hard and sharp. I held my shaft as deep as it would go and let her rotate and move about on it. She bounced her ass back hard two, then three times. I leaned forward over her back, before I fell. She was still rolling inside.

I was spent. Sue lay back flat on the floor. Kim slid slowly to her stomach. Being attached, still rather tightly, I went with her. She eased over to her side and cradled her head on Sue's thigh. We were two spoons lying between Sue's wide spread legs. I lay my head on the other thigh.

I could smell Sue's sweet odor. I moved my head and licked at her smooth, slick, bare outer lips. She twitched gently. I licked the other side then lay my head back down to rest.
