 Every guy I've ever known has secretly wanted some woman out of his league. For some it's a high school teacher or a college cheerleader. For me it’s been Cassie. 

The first time I met her I was waiting to pick my future wife Jill up from her parent’s house. It was a cold, crisp March evening and I had stepped into the foyer to get warm when Jill’s oldest brother Conrad stepped in with his latest girl. She had to be at least fifteen years younger than him. Damn, she was hot. She stood about 5'4" with long, honey blonde hair. She had big blue eyes and a tight, tight body. From the moment she stepped in from the cold I couldn't take my eyes off her. She pulled off a preppy tweed jacket, revealing a tiny white tank top struggling to contain the rockets standing straight out from her petite frame. She wasn’t wearing a bra and the cool winter night had her nipples at full attention. The image of her standing stiffly, her black open-toed heels pushing her perfect bubble ass up into the air has been permanently burned into my memory. Her jeans were tight enough I could see the folds of her pussy. I could hardly conceal my lust but I remember her glaring at me as though I was a piece of dog shit she had to step over on the street. We were finally introduced and I learned her name was Cassie. Later I found out she was a senior in high school. I stole glances of her at every chance but she was barely able to acknowledge we were even in the same room. What a bitch!

It's been ten years since Jill and I married, her brother ended up marrying Cassie a year after us. We all still live in the same town. Over the years I've seen Conrad and Cassie at a number of family functions but it’s fair to say she hasn't thawed out to me at all. She'll say hello to me, but that’s as friendly as she gets. The best times are family weddings; she always dresses to be the centre of attention. What I wouldn’t give…

Conrad and Cassie always seemed to have lots of friends and lots of parties but they never included Jill and I. Conrad isn’t the nicest guy and I work in construction and he is a musician so we have little in common. It surprised me to get a call from him on a Saturday night about a month ago. 

"Bob, are you there Bob?" I didn't even recognise his voice on the phone at first, partly because we rarely talk on the phone and partly because of all the noise in the background. It sounded like one hell of a party was going on. He was shouting into the phone and I remembered my wife telling me Conrad would be playing with his band tonight at the Harrington Golf Club.

"Hey Conrad, what's up?" I was already convinced the battery had gone dead on his car and the asshole wanted me to drive all the way out to the Club to give him a jump-start.

"Bob, you've got to help me!" he sounded desperate "Can you come down here right away; Cassie is down here at the Harrington with me she's... been drinking a lot. Can you come down and take her home for me before she gets carried away. I've got to be back on stage in a minute. Can you help me or what?" 

Why was I getting the impression I wasn't the first person he had called for help? And what was he worried about, Cassie was probably just putting on her bitch act and pissing people off. 

"Yah, okay Conrad, I guess I can come down." I tried to make it sound like a chore but as I hung up the phone I was already starting to relish the thought of getting close to a drunken Cassie when she was all dolled up for a night on the town.

My wife got an edited account of what was happening and I wondered if she would let me go. But she didn't seem concerned at all. 

I enjoyed the warm September night and arrived at the golf club about a half-hour after Conrad's phone call. Judging by the number of cars in the parking lot the party was still going strong. The sound of the music led me into a dimly lit banquet hall. 

Glancing up on the stage I quickly spotted Conrad. He seemed a little too relieved to see me. He nodded towards the bar and it quickly became apparent why he was worried. Cassie was sitting at a barstool at the darkest end of the bar, surrounded by three attractive, well-dressed men. They looked familiar, but I couldn’t place them. Even from across the room I could see her flirting with them, flashing her blue eyes and giggling every time one of them reached across and whispered in her ear. 

The dance floor was busy and walking towards Cassie I started feeling out of place in my jeans and T-shirt. Cassie was wearing a thin white cotton dress with spaghetti straps. The light dress had climbed up her thighs enough to show off the tops of her milky white silk stockings. I relished the sight of her tiny feet wrapped in wicked cherry-red pumps with thin heels at least four inches long. Her breasts stood straight out aided by the half-cup bra, the edges of her nipples just visible over the top of her dress. The room was hot and humid and in several places her dress clung to her damply. The difference between her dark tanned skin and white dress and stockings made for a wonderful contrast. Her large gold hoop earrings were almost hidden by the mass of golden blond hair. She was holding an umbrella drink between both hands and judging by the small pile of umbrella's on the bar beside her she had been through a few of them. The men had huddled around her making it difficult to get her attention.

"Cassie" I yelled at her, over all of the noise, but she didn't hear me. Then she peered through the men, saw me and smiled. The bitch smiled, not a wicked little, eat shit and die smile but a big happy to see me smile.

"Bob... what are you doing here?" She shouted out at me, ignoring her entourage for a moment.

I pointed up to the stage and yelled back "Conrad called me. He's worried Cassie. I think its time to go"

She pushed her glossy red bottom lip out in a pout. "Aw Bob, not yet. I just started having fun". She surveyed the men surrounding her trying to decide what to do next and then she smiled and said playfully, "You haven't even met my friends. They’re Air Force pilots". I peered through the dim light at her new friends; you could see they worked out, a lot. I still didn’t know where I’d seen these three before, but I was certain they weren’t pilots. 

"This is Kenneth" she motioned to the largest of the three, a blonde, well muscled man in a tailored dark suit standing behind her to the right. I grinned at Kenneth; I hadn't seen a guy with a flattop haircut since I was a kid.

Moving forward to shake Kenneth's hand the three men moved back slightly and I suddenly realized what was happening with Cassie and her new friends. Kenneth's hand unhurriedly came out from under the hem of Cassie's dress. And the bald man with the earring standing behind her had his hand through the back of her dress and was massaging her right breast. The dark haired man on her left sported a handlebar moustache and was the youngest of the three. He was rubbing his crotch up against her thigh and had a firm thumb and finger grip on Cassie's left nipple right through the dress. I stared at them all in shock and Cassie laughed loudly saying, “This is Harold and Ray". Harold and Ray nodded. Kenneth's enormous hand was still extended and all I could do was reach over and shake it. He pumped my hand and it became obvious how wet his fingers were, probably just sweat, but without thinking my hand went to my nose, smelled and then inhaled deeply. The smell was unmistakable – pussy. Hot, wet pussy. No wonder she didn't want to go home.

Clearly I had a major problem. Conrad was counting on me to get his wife home safe and sound. But three muscled guys had found a bitch in heat; it would be difficult convincing them Cassie wasn't available for their entertainment tonight.

"Listen guys...” moving in closer I tried in vain to get their attention. Kenneth's hand was back under Cassie's dress and her thighs had spread noticeably with its return. "Guys, the funs over, I've got to take her home now". They were ignoring me. Shit, now what? "Guys? I'll tell you what, you see the guy up on stage, the one playing the saxophone is her husband". They all gazed up at the stage for a moment and nodded. At last I had their attention. "I'll make you guys a deal, I am going to take the lady outside, and you guys are going to wait here for ten minutes." I plunged on, "after ten minutes you guys come out, if the lady is in the parking lot it means she wants to party but, if the lady is not in the parking lot it means she has changed her mind. Either way her husband doesn't have to worry". Maybe my ruse was going to work. 

They watched me and then turned to Cassie. Luckily Cassie nodded encouragingly to them and they seemed to go along with the idea. She reached over, picked up her clutch purse from the bar and got up from the barstool as the guys reluctantly released her. 

"Alright" she said softly to me, "I'll be right with you, but first I have to go for a pee." 

We all stared as she made her way across the dance floor. Her ass was moving seductively, she knew we were eyeing her. I ordered a beer and we all waited in silence for her return. About ten minutes later Harold noticed her coming towards us. She was walking leisurely, her long strides pulling the hem of the dress up over the tops of her stockings. Her breasts were heaving up and down with each step and I realized her bra was gone. She sauntered over to us and reached down to the hem of her dress, teasingly lifting the front of it up. I glanced over at Conrad up on the stage and I was pretty sure he couldn't see anything from where he was standing. I held my breath as she bunched the front of her dress over the top of her hips up to the base of her stomach. She had nothing covering her below the waist except for white stockings. It seems she had taken her panties off in the bathroom too. I found myself staring down at her pussy, which had just a swath of pussy hair about an inch wide running from the top of her panty line down into the folds of her pussy. 

"See anything you like?" she asked, her eyes twinkling mischievously. 

No one needed to answer because already three pairs of hands dived under the front and back of her dress, massaging the cheeks of her ass and moving over, under and into her pussy. She still had her back turned to the stage when the bald one, I'm guessing he was the one named Harold, reached out and pulled the front of her dress down until her breasts were stood out for everyone to see. They were hard enough to have been carved from marble. I stared at her glossy deep-red erect nipples; they were now the exact same colour as her lips. Cassie giggled but didn't make a move to cover herself up. I had never seen a woman this hot. 

Ray went over to her and made an up-close inspection of her breasts then he leaned over and whispered in Cassie's ear. She immediately blushed and then smiled up at us before nodding to Ray. Reluctantly the men's hands released her and they sat back to watch. First she held the front of her dress up with the palm of her left hand and with her other hand she began stroking herself from the root of her clit all the way down to the inner confines of her pussy. Cassie's antics were beginning to create a lot of attention, both on the dance floor and off. How very captivating to see this beauty caressing herself in a public place. 

A saxophone suddenly started bleating hysterically and I knew the time to go was now. Amid a chorus of boos and groans I reached over and pulled the dress back up over her breasts. I waited for a moment more before starting my next move. Firmly gripping Cassie by the right elbow I began trying to guide her towards the exit. She pulled the front of her dress down over her hips and we were on our way. We crossed the dance floor with her trying her best to walk like a whore. She kept glancing back and waving at the guys, and then I realized she had pulled the whole back of her dress up to reveal her bare ass. God, please help us make it out of the building alive. As we passed the stage I glanced up at Conrad and he seemed appreciative; he had absolutely no idea what was happening. I couldn’t even bring myself to feel sorry for the bastard. 

We got outside and the night air seemed to sober Cassie up a little. Guiding her over to my car I started unlocking the passenger door when she stopped suddenly. 

"Wait a minute; we're not really going to leave them…are we?” she cooed. 

Cassie was leaning back against the door of my car. The cooler temperature outside was having an amazing effect on her breasts. She didn't even seem concerned with her dress riding up again. Reaching for the door handle again I heard a series of catcalls and hoots from behind me. Oh Christ, they hadn't bothered to wait two minutes never mind ten minutes. I tried to hurry Cassie into the car but she wasn't interested in leaving.

"Over here guys!" She shouted across the parking lot as she waved her arms in the air.

I shook my head and a feeling of resignation flooded over me as I watched the trio heading towards us.

"Hey, you waited for us!" These guys were genuinely pleased with the sight of Cassie in the lights of the parking lot. "Come on, let’s have some fun". 

Kenneth walked straight over to me, got right in my face and menacingly asked, "Unless you have a better idea?"

What could I say? I'm as noble as the next guy is but it certainly wasn't worth getting shit-kicked when they were obviously going to get what they wanted anyway. 

Cassie ignored my peril, linked arms and snuggled up with Harold and Ray as she led them towards the back of the building. I shrugged my shoulders.

Kenneth flashed a broad smile, "That's what I thought", he said. Then started to follow them, stopped and glancing back at me asked "Are you coming or what?"

Cassie was still walking away; they already had her dress up over her hips and someone's, Ray's hand I think, was squeezing one of her bare ass cheeks every time she took a step. "Oh yeah" I heard myself say "I wouldn't miss this for anything".

We walked across the parking lot to the alley behind the clubhouse kitchen. Lights from the parking lot and a bare bulb over the door of the kitchen lit up the pavement and a nearby dumpster. At the end of the alley you could see the beginning of the lush green grass and shrubs of the golf course. An old mattress was leaning up against the metal dumpster. I figured some guy probably told his wife he was going to the dump with it, and then made a detour to play a few rounds of golf. Ray grabbed the top of it and pulled it over. It landed with a thump and a cloud of dust onto the pavement. Ray motioned for Cassie to get on it. She practically leapt onto it and in one moment Cassie had Ray's pants open and was frantic in her efforts to get his dick out. 

She smiled wickedly when she saw the size of it and declared, "That'll do just fine". 

Meanwhile Harold had her dress pulled all the way up over her ass and down at the front revealing her tits. Within moments Cassie was trying to inhale Ray’s dick and Harold was lapping at Cassie's hot, smooth pussy. Stupid bitch, I thought, what do you think is going to happen to you? Harold got up and pushed Cassie onto her knees, opened his fly and slapped his eight-inch, semi- hard dick on her cheek. Cassie stared up at him, opened her mouth and took him in. 

After Harold got good and hard they moved Cassie into the center of the mattress and then they all stood back to take in the full effect of her. That’s when it hit me. These guys weren’t pilots; they were the three man crew from the garbage truck that came down my street once a week. For just a moment I thought about telling Cassie. But the urge quickly passed and I joined their staring. Her hair, pushing into her face, was already out of control. Her lipstick, framing her perfect white teeth had smeared around her mouth. Cassie’s big blue eyes gave away her eagerness and excitement. Her breasts pointed out proudly as she pulled back her soft shoulders. I stood by the dumpster marvelling at how the shadows accentuated her smooth, petite form. The curve of her back dropping down to that perfect heart shaped ass resting on the filthy mattress. 

"A slut to liven up an evening" Ray stated breaking the silence and they all laughed. Cassie peeked up at us with those big blue eyes again and gave us a wide smile. "Come on," Ray started again "take it all off for us." Cassie rose to her feet and began to seductively strip in front of us. When she was done all she had on were her creamy white, thigh-high stockings and red, high heeled shoes. 

"Alright" muttered Ray again, "Who gets to fuck her first?" 

Kenneth produced some toothpicks he had obviously brought from the bar for just this occasion and handed them out. He moved over to me and I pulled an unbroken one; shit. Cassie was beginning to lose patience but it wouldn't be long now. We all held up our toothpicks at the same time; Kenneth won with the short one.

"Aw fuck, not again" Ray spat out, obviously not happy about the outcome, and neither was Harold. Cassie looked at me questioningly and all I could do was shrug. 

As Kenneth undid his belt and let his pants drop to the asphalt I understood why Ray was so disappointed. This wasn’t a guy, it was a donkey; his dick was about the same size and length as Cassie's forearm and his scrotum appeared to contain two tennis balls. Christ, once he was done there wouldn't be anything left of Cassie. Cassie let out a gasp when Kenneth walked over and showed her his dick. 

"Bend over lady" Kenneth grunted. She obliged by sticking her bare ass up in the night air. Then Cassie began to grunt as Kenneth forcefully worked his massive organ into her pussy. Cassie's cheeks began to redden and soon her whole face and throat were glowing. He leered up at the guys "Ooh you're gonna enjoy this". Then he began pumping deeper and deeper, Cassie's tits slapped back and forth and her grunts grew louder and louder. I was fascinated, how could a woman take a dick this big? His swollen balls actually started slapping up against her pubic mound. The outer opening of her pussy had distended and seemed to have permanently attached itself to the outside of Kenneth's massive shaft. 

Ray and Harold were on either side of the couple with their dress pants down around their ankles. Ray had one hand stroking his erection, the other milking Cassie’s breasts. Harold watched impatiently, waiting for Kenneth to finish. But Kenneth was enjoying himself. He moved his mouth down to Cassie's cheek and without slowing his pace he started kissing her until she turned her face to meet him. Soon even his tongue was deep inside her. Before long Kenneth began puffing like a locomotive coming down the track. And cum he did. Poor Cassie's pussy was taking a beating. Kenneth dumped his load deep inside her, keeping his dick buried until his breathing had returned to normal. He pulled his dick out hesitantly and with it came a long thick string of spunk. It began sticking to Cassie's thigh and huge gobs of it rolled down her puffy, red pussy lips and landed on the mattress with a plop. The swollen lips on Cassie's pussy continued to twitch as they closed. The colour returned to Cassie's face as Kenneth sighed heavily and got out of the way. 

Ray was the next one up, “Roll over" he ordered. Cassie rolled over; she appeared dazed, as though she wasn't even sure of what was happening. Ray positioned her ass so it lay in the puddle of Kenneth's cream, then drove straight into her. Her eyes widened then began searching the faces until she saw me. I couldn't help but smile back; she was beautiful. Cassie closed her eyes and lifted her ass off of the faded mattress to take Ray deeper. She pulled her knees back to her sides and the long thin heels of her shoes pointed straight into the sky. She dug her fingernails into Ray's shoulders and he went off like an animal tearing into her. He banged her as hard as he could and then screamed out "No!" but he lost control and just kept cumming and cumming. I was sure the guy was going to have a heart attack. He finally backed out of her, stared down at his handiwork and smiled broadly. 
