 To refresh your memory I am reproducing the closing lines of part 3. 

She looked at me and smiled. After sucking and squeezing my balls for couple of minutes she started to suck my cock again. Just as I was about to cum she stopped. 

In my desperation to cum I caught hold of her head and shoved my cock back in her mouth. My hips moved forward and backwards fucking her mouth. 

'I AM CUMMING,' I shouted and ramming my cock deep into her throat. She nearly choked. I pulled back a little and started filling her mouth with my cum. 

She swallowed as fast as I spurted my cum but still some of it leaked out and ran down her chin. Nagma, who was watching the proceedings very closely, sprang up and licked the overflow off Ruby's face and didn't let a single drop fall on the bed. Ruby released my cock only when my balls were empty. 

'Oh Ruby, you were wonderful,' I panted. 

'Nagma my pet, that was quick thinking,' Ruby said, 'now suck Sahebji's cock and make it hard.'

'Ruby, you know what I'd like,' I said, 'I'd like to watch you two eat each others pussy.' 

'Come my pet let's show Sahebji how it is done,' Ruby laughed. 

Now for part 4:

Nagma lay down on her back and Ruby reversed on her. Then they started to lick each other's cunt. They continued for thirty minutes or so. In this time each of them must have come at least half a dozen times. Watching them sixtynineing my cock became hard as a rock. 

'Was it exciting?' Ruby asked, breathing heavily after they had finished. 

'You can see it for yourself,' I laughed pointing at my erect cock. Both Ruby and Nagma giggled. 

'Nagma, you suck Sahebji's cock and in the meanwhile I'll get some thing to eat,' Ruby said then winking at me, added, 'If I am not mistaken, Sahebji, you like to start of the day with a fruit.' 

I had never discussed my eating habits with her but seeing her wink, I said, 'I'd like to.' 

Nagma busied herself with my cock and Ruby went out of the room. Five minutes later Ruby returned carrying a tray with a small bowl on it. I recognized the bowl. It was the bowl of oil that I had used to oil Ruby's virgin asshole before fucking it a couple of days ago. 

I smiled to myself and my cock at the thought of popping Nagma's asshole cherry became bigger and harder. 'Ma'am, you have forgotten to bring the fruit,' Nagma laughed. 

'No, my pet, I've not forgotten it. You'll provide the fruit,' Ruby replied, setting down the tray. 

'Me? I don't have any fruit. I am naked and have no place to hide it,' Nagma said and then as an after thought, added, 'I've only two ripe mangoes and pussy to offer.' 

'What about your cherry?' Ruby asked. 

'My cherry! Ma'am you must be joking,' Nagma said and laughing heartily, added, 'Have you forgotten? Sahebji's big cock put paid to my cherry last evening.' 

'I am not referring to that cherry,' Ruby said, 'I meant your asshole cherry.' 

'My asshole cherry?' Nagma said perplexed then suddenly the coin fell, 'Oh my God, you mean Sahebji is planning to shove that monster cock of his up my asshole.' 

'Ask him yourself,' Ruby said laughing. 

'Sahebji, kya aap meri gaand maarenge (Sahebji, are you going to fuck me in my asshole?)' Nagma asked nervously. 

'Haan (Yes),' I replied. 

'(Please ma'am, meri gaand main nahin (Please ma'am, not in my asshole). Main dard se mar jauingi (I'll die of pain),' Nagma said starting to cry. 

'Stop whining! Main tau nahin mari jab Sahebji ne meri bhi tau gaand maari thi. (I didn't die when Sahebji fucked me in my asshole),' Ruby said, 'Get on all fours.' 

'Ma'am, mujhe bahut darr lag raha hai (Ma'am, I am very scared),' Nagma said sniffling but got into gaand (asshole) fuck position. 

'Good girl, there is nothing to be scared off. It'll hurt in the beginning then you'll feel pleasure only,' Ruby said, pressing her face down on the pillow. 

'Ruby, you apply oil on my cock and I'll prepare Nagma's ass hole.' I said,

At first I applied oil on the outside then I insert first one then two fingers in Nagma's ass hole to make the inside tube slippery. 

'Oh ma'am, it feels so nice,' Nagma moaned. 

'Abhi tau Sahebji ne ungali daali hai tab yeh haal hai soch jab woh apna lund teri gaand main gusserdenge tab kitna mazaa aayaega (Think if the fingers feel so nice then how will it feel when Sahebji shoves in his cock inside your ass hole),' Ruby said. 

After I had oiled her asshole outside and on the inside I placed my cock on her back door and pressed. 

'AAWWWAAA, STOP, SAHEBJI, STOP. YOU ARE HURTING ME,' Nagma shouted. 

'Just a few seconds more,' Ruby said patting her hand.

'MA'AAAM, ASK SAHEBJI TO STOP. HE IS KILLING ME,' Nagma yelled. Just then I felt her ass hole opening. 

'AAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYIIIIIIIEEEEEEEE,' she screamed as her sphincter snapped open and half my cock buried itself in her ass hole. I slowly moved in and out till my balls were resting on her cunt. 

'OH MA'AM, I AM DYING OF PAIN,' she shouted. 

'Relax Nagma, the pain will subside in no time,' Ruby said. 

I started to fuck her butt. After few in and out strokes I stopped and asked,' Is it still very painful?' 

'No, it is much better now,' she said. 

I recommenced the fuck movement and simultaneously rubbing her choot. 

'OH,' she groaned with each inward movement of my cock. I continued to fuck her asshole with steady rhythm. 

'Oh Sahebji,' she moaned softly. 

'I told you that you'll enjoy yourself,' Ruby said.

'Haan, haan, mujhe bahut mazaa aa raha hai (yes, yes, I am really enjoying it,' she moaned. 

I felt my sperm rising. I increased the speed of my in and out movement and rubbed her choot harder.

'SAHEBJI, FASTER. Y...HESS Y...HEESSS. HARDER SAHEBJI HARDER. OH OHHHHH I AMMM COOMMMIIINNNNGGGGG,' she screamed as I spurted my load into her bum. 

'Oh ma'am, it was wonderful,' Nagma panted embracing her. 

After we had rested, we showered together followed by a hearty breakfast and then got into bed again. All afternoon and evening, till Nagma and I left, we spent playing sex games. 

The girls would sixty-nine and I would butt fuck the one on top then turn them over and fuck the other's ass hole or when Ruby ate Nagma's pussy I fucked Ruby's cunt and vise versa. 

Ruby gave Nagma taste of the dildo also. 'Now, my pet, I'll fuck you,' Ruby giggled, strapping on the dildo. While Ruby was fucking Nagma I got on into her cunt from behind and fucked her doggie style. 

Once when Nagma was riding me I made a sign to Ruby to insert the dildo in Nagma's asshole. 'Will she be hurt?' she asked hesitatingly. 

'On the contrary, she will enjoy it,' I said. 

Nagma was so busy moving up and down and did not pay attention to our conversation. 'Nagma, be still. Let me enter you also,' Ruby said. 

'K...K...Kya? Aap dildo ko meri gaand main gusserdengi (W...W...What? You are going to shove the dildo in my asshole),' she asked stopping and placing her hand on her asshole. 

'Yes, let her,' I said. 

'No. It is impossible,' Nagma said. 

'Sahebji says it isn't,' Ruby said. 

'Yes, I have done it many times before,' I said.

'It'll hurt,' Nagma said. 

'No, my dear, on the contrary you'll enjoy yourself,' I said. 

'No, I don't believe you,' Nagma said. 

'Ruby, are you willing to try?' I asked. 

'Will it do any permanent damage?' Ruby asked cautiously. 

'Of course not, otherwise I wouldn't have suggested it,' I replied. 

'Nagma, get off him and let me try it,' Ruby said. 

'Y...you are willing to do it,' Nagma asked surprised. 

'Yes get off,' Ruby said again. 

'Wait a minute. I've changed my mind. I'm willing to try,' Nagma said. 

'Okay, Ruby you lie down and Nagma you impale your choot on the dildo and bend as forward as you can with your legs drawn up and I'll enter your asshole from behind,' I said. 

When they were in position I placed my cock on Nagma's rear entrance and pressed for entry. 'OHHHH AAAAAYYYYYYIIIIEEEEEEEEE,' Nagma screamed as my cock entered her gaand. 

When my cock was fully inside her, I asked, 'Did it really hurt so much that it merited such a scream?' 

Nagma blushed. 'No, it didn't pain much but I thought it'll hurt much more. Therefore I screamed in anticipation,' Nagma said laughing. 

'Ruby, you push from below while I fuck her from above,' I said. 

After we had finished Ruby asked, 'How was it, my pet?' 

'Oh ma'am, you must try it. It was fantastic. I felt the pleasure of both, choot (cunt) and gaand (asshole), together,' Nagma replied. Then we double fucked Ruby. 

We played another game, which I call "Suspense". I will describe how we played it. 

I placed Ruby on her back on the bed with legs wide open and knees drawn up to her breasts. Basically the fetus position but on the back and legs spread wide. Then I lay Nagma on top her facing her, between Ruby's spread legs and pulled Nagma's knees up under Ruby's armpits. 

They lay in such a manner that their lips met, their nipples were on each other's and their clits pressed against each other. From behind their slits looked like one extended straight line and I could see four lovely holes at the same time. Then I pushed my cock in one of the four holes from behind and then withdrew and enter another hole and so on. I did this at random. The girls did not know which and whose hole I would enter next. 

They kept each other informed by telling each other where my cock was. One would say, "It is in my cunt, it is now out" the other would one say, "It is now in my ass hole. I am getting few strokes etc". 

During all this in and out movement both of them also kept moving their bottoms thus rubbing their clits against each other and enjoying themselves. I however made it a point to come in the choot of one of them so that the other could suck my-cum from her cunt immediately thereafter. 

During these games whenever I required recharging my batteries they would sixty-nine or fuck with the dildo and I would watch. After rejuvenation I would join them. 

We played these games till late at night. Then Nagma and I left at night. After dropping Nagma at her hostel I went to my hotel. 

In the morning as usual I visited Kiran. 'You are late,' Kiran said, 'I thought you were not coming.' 

'Sorry, I overslept,' I said apologizing, 'Now that I am here let us start.' 

After we had fucked and were smoking, I said, 'I'll not be able to come tomorrow as I have a business meeting.' 

'That's all right. I've also news for you. My husband is returning on Wednesday morning,' Kiran said. 

'Oh, oh, this means today is the last day we are together,' I said. 

'Not necessarily, If you come like today then my husband will be in office and Priya in college and we can discuss my paintings,' Kiran giggled kissing my cock. 

Kiran played with my cock while I smoked. 

'So how was your weekend, fucking away no doubt.' Kiran said.

'Kiran, please don't start that subject again,' I said. 

'This time I have information from a very reliable source,' she said. 'What source?' I asked. 

'Your cock told my cunt while you were fucking me,' she said taking my cock in her mouth. 

'What did it tell your choot?' I asked laughing. 

'It said that you were fucking hard during the weekend,' she said moving the foreskin of my cock up and down. 

'Fucking whom? Did it mention any names?' I asked. 

'My cunt didn't ask but fuck me again and I'll tell you,' she laughed. After I had fucked her one more time I returned to the hotel.

At three o'clock Priya came. 'I am so happy that you have come,' I said taking her in my arms and kissing her. 

'I am sorry, I couldn't come on Saturday,' she said kissing me back. 

'Doesn't matter now you are here,' I said, 'shall we do what you said while leaving on Friday.' She blushed but started to undress. Half way through Priya said, 'Sahebji, please turn around.' 

'Priya, don't be shy,' I said. 

'Pleeeease, I'll tell you when to look,' she requested. 

I turned around and on her signal I turned to face her. She was naked but was covering her cunt with her hands. 'Priya, remove your hands,' I said. 

'No,' she said shaking her head. 

'Come on Priya, I have not only seen your choot before but fucked it also,' I said forcibly removing her hands. Her pubic hair was clipped very short. 

'WOW! What happened to your bush,' I said. 

'I cut it,' Priya said blushing. 

'Why?' I asked. 

'On Sunday, I was surfing the net. Most of the sites that I visited were touting shaved pussies. I thought that men must have liked shaven pussies. Therefore I took a scissors and here is the results,' she said, 'I hope my choot pleases you.' 

'Oh I love it,' I said running my fingers through her nether lips, 'Why didn't you shave your cunt.' 

'I wanted to but I was scared to do it lest I cut myself,' she replied. 

'Would you like me shave your choot for you,' I said. 

'Oh y...hes, that would be great,' she said. After I had shaved her cunt we stood before a full-length mirror. 'Look how pretty your choot looks,' I said. 

She blushed and very softly said, 'Your cock is also so handsome and big.' 

Then I carried her to the bed and lay down beside her. We kissed while I ran my fingers through her slit. I kissed her on the on her upper lips, nibbled her ear and suckled her erect nipples. 

'OH Sahebji,' she moaned. Then I kissed and licked my way towards her cunt pausing briefly on the way to insert and rotate my tongue in her navel. 

As I reached her cunt and started to lick it Priya shouted, 'NO SAHEBJ, IT IS DIRTY.' I ignored her protest and spreading her lower lips continued to lick up and down.

'DON'T SAHEBJI, IT IS...Oh it feels sooooo good,' she moaned, raising her hips and pressing her cunt against my lips. 

I licked and sucked her swollen clit. Suddenly I took her hard clit between my teeth and bit lightly on it. 

'OWWWWW, IT HURTS BUT IT FEELS SOOOO GOOD. DON'T STOP. GO ON Y...HES GO ON. DON'T STOP. OH OHHH I AMMM COOOMMMMIIIINNNGGGGG,' she screamed and released a stream of warm cunt juice in my mouth. 

Without pausing I continued to eat her pussy. I raised her legs and held them aloft exposing her tight choot hole. I moved lower and rimmed her cunt. 

'OH MY GOD, IT FEELS WONDERFUL,' she screamed. Then I shoved my tongue in her lower mouth. 

'AGHRR, OH SAHEBJI,' she yelped and with a loud sigh came again. 

I licked her offering, she yelled, 'SAHEBJI, PLEASE STOP, I CAN'T STAND IT ANY MORE.' 

Ignoring her plea I started to tongue fuck her. 'OH MY GOD,' she exclaimed and after few minutes she was on the boil again. 

'SAHEBJI, FASTER Y...HESSS TONGUE FUCK ME FASTER. OH OHHH I AMMM COOMMMMMMIIIIIIINNNNNGGGGGGG,' she screamed. 

I continued to tongue fuck her and every few minutes her body arched and she came. She must have cum half a dozen times before I stopped. Then I got on top of her and rammed my cock up her tight choot as she lay gasping for breath. 

'OH SAHEBJI,' she moaned as my cock reached the lower depths of her cunt. 

I started to move my cock in and out of her dripping choot. I fucked her with long slow strokes. I kept varying the length and speed constantly. Her moans of pleasure kept getting louder and louder. Her bottoms moved in rhythm of my strokes. Suddenly her back arched upwards. 

'OOHHH Y...HES OH Y...HES OHHH SAHEBJI I AM COMING AGAIN,' she moaned loudly. 

I continued to fuck her with steady strokes. Within minutes she was on the boil again. Her body arched.

'Y...HESS Y...HESSS, SAHEBJI, I AMMM COMMMMIIIINNNNG' she screamed and lay panting. I slowed down so that we both could catch our breath. 

'DON'T STOP. KEEP MOVING. MAKE ME CUM AGAIN,' she panted bucking her bottoms from below. 

I recommenced the fuck motion. After a few strokes her bottoms started to move, keeping perfect rhythm with my in and out strokes. I made her cum again and again till I felt my sperm rising. My strokes became shorter and harder. 

'MY GOD SAHEBJI I CAN'T CUM ANYMORE. AREN'T YOU COMING?' she panted. 

'Y...hes, I am about to cum,' I panted. 

'OH MY GOD, I AM ABOUT TO CUM AGAIN. FASTER, SAHEBJI, FASTER. I AM NEARLY THERE. Y...HESSS, Y...HESSS I AMM THERE OHHH SAAAHEEEEBJIIIII,' she shouted and fell back on the bed gasping for breath. At this moment I shot my load into her tight cunt. 

For few minutes we lay kissing savoring the intense sensation we had just experienced. After sometime my cock slipped out of her choot and I rolled off her. 

I lit a cigarette and Priya cuddling up to me said, 'Oh Sahebji, it was fantastic,' she moaned, 'I have never cum so often and so much before.' 

While I smoked she lay with her head on my shoulder twirling the hair growing on my chest between her fingers. After a few minutes, she said, 'you know Sahebji, a very strange thing happened on Saturday.' 

'What?' I asked. 

'My mausi said that I know that you like Sahebji but keep in mind that he is here for a few days then he will go away,' Priya said. 

'What was your reaction?' I asked. 

'I know that,' I said. 

'Then mausi said that what I am trying to tell you is that don't do something that you'll regret later. I asked her what she meant. She said I am not going to elaborate. You are old enough to understand what I mean,' Priya said. 

'What is so strange about it? It's her duty to look out for you,' I asked. 

'I know but the strange part is that she mentioned it a day after you popped my cherry,' Priya said. 

'Do you regret that you are not a virgin anymore,' I asked. 

'Not at all, I love your cock. It gave me immense pleasure today,' Priya said taking my cock in her hand. 

'Then I am sure you'll like to reciprocate,' I laughed. 

'What! You didn't enjoy yourself,' she asked sitting up. 

'Oh yes, I did. I thought you would like to give my cock more pleasure,' I asked. 

'Of course, I would. What shall I do?' Priya asked. 

'Take my cock in your mouth and suck it,' I said. She looked doubtfully at me. 

'Okay,' she replied and taking my cock in her hands and added, 'What shall I do?' 

'Suck it but be careful that your teeth don't hurt me,' I said. 

'Okay,' she said and started to suck my cock. 

'Careful, your teeth are hurting me,' I said. She continued to suck. 

'Move your head up and down. Yes, like my cock is fucking your mouth,' I prompted. 

Her head bobbed up and down. After a while I felt my seed rising. I caught hold of her head and moved my hips forward and backward fucking her mouth. 

'Oh God, I am about to cum,' I said fucking her mouth faster and faster. 

'Y...HES, I AM COMMMIIINNNGGGGG,' I shouted and started to spurt my come into her mouth. 

At first Priya tried to jerk her head away but I held it firmly in position. Then she relaxed and swallowed everything my cock had to give. 

'Why did you come in my mouth?' Priya said making a face. 

'Didn't you like the taste?' I asked. 

'No, it was salty and so... so... gooey,' she replied. 

'I felt the same when I ate pussy for the first time but then I started to relish it. After sometime you'll like it also,' I said. 

As we lay I told her that I have work to do tomorrow and she should come only after checking that I am back. She told me that Wednesday was a holiday and she has obtained her mausi's permission to show me Mahabalipuram. 

We fucked one more time then she left. While leaving she said, 'I'll come at 8 a.m. on Wednesday then we'll leave. So be ready.' 

The next day I returned from my meeting after five. As I was having a cup of tea the phone rang. It was Ruby on the line. 

'Do you know that tomorrow is a holiday,' she asked after we had greeted each other.

'Yes, I know,' I replied. 

'If you are doing nothing tonight then why don't you spend the night here? Nagma will also be coming,' Ruby said. 

'Sorry I can't. Tonight I've an official dinner and tomorrow I am going to Mahabalipuram for the day,' I said. 
