 I toyed with the idea of calling this one "Halloween Candie" but as I started to really like the characters, I thought of some more ideas and decided that this title fit better. I hope that you'll enjoy my newest work and a belated Happy Halloween to my readers! ~~BrettJ

*

Candie Collins was furious and undecided as to what to do at this moment in time.

The pretty21-year old blonde had been looking forward to this day all month. She loved Halloween and it was her favorite non-holiday holiday. As a kid, she had loved going door to door and getting lots of candy and goodies. As a teenager, she loved helping her parents give out the candy and seeing all the other kids in their costumes. Now, as a young adult, she had spent great time and effort finding a costume she liked, one that would be fun to wear and sexy for her boyfriend Steve to look at. It was daring and naughty and she had a few others to wear over the next few evenings as well.

Candie was petite but packed a punch and she knew it. Her best feature was her gorgeous ass. An all-over tanned she sported nicely illuminated her lovely face and her slim, petite body. Not that there was anything wrong with her pert, delicious breasts and her lovely legs either. Over the past few years, Candie had become sweeter than ever and now there was just a pinch of spice to the young blonde.

The 2-years older Steve had caught her eye about 18 months back. Everyone had warned Candie away from him. They all told her that he was a player. Candie didn't listen and thought she could tame him. She decided that if a wild woman was what was needed here, Candie could handle that. After all, sex was meant to be fun and she decided she would jump in and enjoy all the honeyed treats a naughty sex life could provide. Steve seemed to be thrilled with his girlfriend's willingness to fuck wherever and whenever he wanted. They had sex on the beach, in his car and in a city park at night, just to name a few. Candie learned to give blowjobs that were world class and being petite, she could ride her boyfriend until the sun came up. She was a hot little fuck and she knew it. She had transformed herself into the kind of girlfriend a smart boyfriend doesn't cheat on.

So Steve must have been a class-A moron. She had come to the party and seen him in one corning with his tongue shoved down Gianna Tyler's throat. She walked out of the party and into the courtyard of the large home, the tears streaming down her face. Steve hadn't even seen her Cowgirl costume and she knew just how hot she looked in it!

Candie was wearing a silver cowgirl hat that matched the silver vest -- underneath which, she wore nothing. Her perfect breasts needed little support and the vest held them in snug. Steve would have seen those sooner rather than later. A silver & black fringed skirt went with it -- no panties, natch! Why waste time? She wore "cowgirl" boots that were black but a bit kicky, with very pointy heels. The beautiful blonde wanted to make it perfectly clear to her boyfriend that she was the sweetest treat at tonight's bash.

It was all ruined and she thought she should just go and write the evening off when she heard someone say "So why is the prettiest girl at this party standing all by herself outside?"

She turned around to see a handsome man of about 25 or so smiling at her. He made her "perfect" boyfriend look like a lowly 5. This man had to have stood close to 6'4" tall, was broad-shouldered and had dark, intense eyes that matched his wavy dark hair. He had muscles on his muscles and was dressed as one of the New York Yankees. Candie felt even more in awe of him than she did on her first date with Steve and that was saying something.

In her soft voice, she explained to him "My boyfriend is in there and he's supposed to have met me at the door when I showed up. I took all this time to get a special costume and when I showed up, he's in there cheating on me with some slut."

"Ouch, sorry pretty lady," the man said, extending a hand that dwarfed Candie's. "My name is Lance Turner and I will say it again -- you're dazzling and he's a goddamned idiot!"

"Thank you," Candie said, a smile crossing her lovely features again. "I think so too, is it okay if I say you're so much better looking than he is? Remember `The Great Pumpkin'?" Candie giggled. "You make Steve look like the rocks Charlie Brown kept getting." She saw Steve smiling back at her and hoped he wasn't with anyone. This night might not turn out so bad after all. "I'm Candie Collins and I really hope that you're not here with anyone!"

"I came here tonight with a friend but we're not a couple," Lance told her. "I'd love it if you stayed at the party with me and kept me company while she's being a social butterfly. Let's have a bite to eat, a drink or two and if you keep flashing that beautiful smile at me -- well, I make NO promises."

"Neither do I," Candie smiled as she linked her arm through Lance's. "I've been known to misbehave when the mood strikes me and somehow, it might just strike me tonight," she flirted. She saw Lance grin at her and knew if things got any better, that "might" would swiftly be changing into a "will".

When she reentered the room where the party was being held, Steve was nowhere in sight, but some of their other friends were. Some couldn't meet her eyes and some told her what a shit Steve was being, giving her full details and being as loyal as possible. With Lance on her arm, Candie no longer cared. Everyone had been right; Steve was a player, a loser idiot who didn't know what a good thing he had. Lance was friendly and attentive the whole time they were together; he was constantly complimenting her and engaged all of her friends in conversation. It looked as if Steve might had inadvertently done her a favor. With Lance, she just might have traded up.

A very tall brunette dressed in the uniform of an equestrienne sidled up alongside Lance and Candie. She gave Lance a hug and also smiled at Candie. She seemed friendly and non-threatening so Candie smiled right back at her. "Hey Lance, who is the drop-dead gorgeous blonde you've attached yourself to?" She grinned.

"This is my new friend, Candie Collins," Lance introduced her. "Candie, this is my friend, Madelyn Morgan. She's the friend who invited me to the party." Lance summed up Candie's situation as briefly as he could.

Candie smiled, the woman was almost 5'10" to Lance's 6'4" and intimidating and beautiful. "I told him he needed to get out and meet someone cute and sexy after his marriage broke up," Madelyn said. She leaned over and kissed Candie's cheek. "I see that he has, thank you Candie. That's the first time I've seen this big goof smile all year."

"Can you blame me?" Lance said, hugging Candie close. "I mean, LOOK at her."

"I haven't been able to stop looking baby, believe me," Madelyn smiled. Candie felt wonderful; to have this gorgeous creature so openly admire her was quite a nice feeling. "So Lance, is the part of the lifestyle?"

Candie looked up at Lance. ""What does she mean by `the lifestyle'?"

Lance sighed. "She means swinging. Madelyn is a friend that my then-wife and I met through swinging. Jennifer was convinced it would save our marriage and I had no problem with it. I don't get jealous and it was hot seeing my wife fucking another guy, sucking dick or even swing with someone hot like Maddy."

Candie felt a bit turned on and oddly intrigued. "So, what happened?"

"She met this really hot blonde named Jisel and they started having a fling that got really intense. Behind my back, breaking one of the rules -- everyone is honest when you swing," Lance told Candie. "She started getting emotionally involved with Jisel, so I called it a day on our marriage. She went her way; I went mine, that's that."

"Wow, you're being very mature about it," Candie said, liking Lance more every minute. "So, what happened to Jennifer and Jisel?" After the question left her mouth, Candie wondered if she should have asked it. It might well be a sore spot with him.

"No idea," Lance told her, his face still smiling. "She and Jisel both left our group and no one's heard from them since. Maybe she wasn't looking to swing after all."

"I told Lance I think she was just looking to experiment with her sexuality and do so in a place where no one would judge her," Madelyn said. "I think Jen's a lesbian and Jisel caught her eye. Jisel rarely swung with the guys; she stuck mostly to her boyfriend and all of the other girls."

"This is all so interesting!" Candie smiled. She looked at Madelyn and up at Lance again. "Have you two ever ...?"

Madelyn smiled. "Oh yes, several times. The couple I live with are friends of Lance's from back in high school." Candie's eyes widened -- her new friend lived with two people? "Lance is great in bed, you should try him out," she winked at Candie.

Candie giggled, feeling very naughty and very happy. She hadn't even sampled a drink yet and was already giddy. She also found Madelyn sexy and knew that if she was into women, Madelyn would rate high on her list. "Maybe I will," she whispered to Madelyn, making sure that Lance could overhear them. "He's sure easy on the eyes."

"He's also hung like an ox," Madelyn snickered. "Believe me sweet stuff; he knows how to use it."

Candie decided at that very moment what her course of action was going to be. She had come to this party seeking to have fun and a little adventure with her boyfriend. Things had obviously changed as far as that went. Why not roll with it?

"I'd like to find out for myself," she smiled and looked at Lance. "Is there someplace we could go?" She then surprised herself by turning to Madelyn and saying "Would you care to join us, you gorgeous thing?"

Madelyn herself was a bit stunned by this sudden turn of events. "Are you sure about this, Candie?"

Candie looked at Lance and over at the statuesque, sensual brunette. She was more into Madelyn with each minute that passed. "Oh yes," she smiled and squeezed both of their hands. "I'm very sure -- if we can pull off this little trick, it will be quite the treat for all of us."

"The people who live here are also in the lifestyle," Madelyn explained. "I'm sure they won't mind if we use one of the spare rooms. God Candie, I can't wait to taste you. Have you ever been with a girl before?" Candie shook her head. "What a bold little girl she is, Lance, can you believe our luck?"

"Have you heard me complaining?" Lance laughed, his meaty paw drifting down to Candie's delicious derriere. She felt his touch and he whispered "Are you wearing ..."

"Nothing under here but me!" She whispered back.

"What did she say to you?" Madelyn asked Lance. He chuckled and told her that she would find out soon enough. Madelyn could see her friend was quite smitten with the petite blonde, not that she blamed him. She would have rather had this piece of Candie more than any chocolate bar or gumdrop.

They reached one of the bedrooms and Candie gasped. It was all in red, a bed that was obviously custom-made and probably cost more than Candie made in a year. "Mmm, perfect for both tricks AND treats," she giggled as she jumped on the bed.

"Can we stop with the Halloween metaphors, already?" Lance groaned, although he was just teasing.

"Okay, in that case -- haul your ass into this bed, because Candie wants to fuck your brains out!" She smiled. She looked over at Madelyn who was already undressing. She was the most sexual person Candie had ever encountered in all her 21 years.

Madelyn reached the bed before Lance and pulled the petite blonde into her arms. "If he hadn't found you tonight, I probably would have. I always seem to find the prettiest girl in the room. I'd like to kiss you; I've been dying to since I laid eyes on you."

"Oh, yes please," Candie panted, eager for the new experience. "I think you're beautiful and I love your sexy lingerie." Under her riding gear, Madelyn had worn a sexy patterned bra, matching thong and stockings and garters.

"I always dress for sex because I often go looking for it," Madelyn smiled as her lips brushed Candie's. The kiss intensified as she opened Candie's vest and saw the perfect treasures underneath. "Oh God, you're a perfect little angel. I can't believe I get to be your first girl," she sighed. 

"You are and I can't wait for that, my first threesome, too," Candie breathed. Her senses were alive and she smiled as Lance joined them on the bed. He had muscles like cords of wood and was lightly scarred in a few places.

"My two cowgirls," he teased and they smiled at each other. Neither of them had thought of the comparison until now.

Candie ran her nails across his chest while she kissed him. He then turned to Madelyn and kissed her. "How did you get the scars?" Candie asked him.

"I'm an athlete, they are an occupational hazard," Lance said, trying not to shudder as the two beauties sharing the bed aroused his mind.

"Hey, that's cheating, you're not supposed to wear your real uniform, you're supposed to wear a costume," Candie pouted.

"He is, he's really a football player for the Denver Broncos," Madelyn laughed as she tugged the remainder of Lance's clothes off. His cock was now fully exposed. "I didn't lie, did I?"

"Oh no, you sure didn't," Candie gasped. She told herself that tonight she had to be the most daring Candie she had ever been, so she reached out and took his cock in her tiny hand. She moved down and rested on her stomach while she started to suck his massive prick. Madelyn joined him and the two beauties were off and running. 

Lance looked down at the petite blonde who was sucking him off and then over at Maddy with a grateful smile. She was always right and it drove him crazy! Meeting someone like Candie was just the tonic he had needed. Her mouth was as warm as anything he had ever felt and she was enthusiastically sucking him off. It likely was a strain for her because of his girth, yet he heard no complaints.

"I have got to taste your gorgeous little body," Lance groaned as the two women moved away from him.

"Me first, handsome," Madelyn interjected. She whispered in Candie's ear "Nothing gets a guy hard and keeps him hard like watching two hot women doing the lesbian bit with each other. Are you up for it?"

Candie reached out and fondled Madelyn's tits through her sexy bra. "I've been up for it since we walked in here. You're so beautiful, I'm so glad it's going to be you who is my first girl."

"I'm enormously flattered, you're a perfect little doll," Madelyn smiled as she and Candie kissed.

"I've always wanted to be tall, like you," Candie sighed.

"You are a sexy, petite little angel and your boyfriend -- likely your ex, am I right? -- is an idiot," Madelyn smiled as she lowered the little sweetheart to the bed. Lifting Candie's fringed skirt, she smiled. "Okay, now I know what Lance was laughing about. You're a little sexpot!"

"Guilty as charged," Candie smiled as Madelyn's perfect hands and mouth kissed down her body. "Who says that the cute girl can't be the naughty one?"

"That is exactly the right attitude Candie, good for you," Madelyn smiled as her lips trailed down Candie's tanned, perfumed flesh towards the sweet pussy she wanted. Already she hoped Candie and Lance would click in bed because she wanted to party with Candie again. Madelyn's mouth watered for every inch of the adorable girl. She knew she didn't have too much to worry about because Lance was a gifted, caring lover and the pair of them kept on looking at each other like they were already smitten. 

Lance felt his heart pound as he watched Candie with his gorgeous friend. Even his ex didn't arouse him the way Candie did. Had he met Candie back then, Jen wouldn't have stood a chance, although Candie would have been a bit too young. She wasn't now, though. She was hot and sexy and squirming all over the bed as Maddy's lips touched down on the pink folds of her vulva. The girls really were steaming up the room and Lance felt as stiff as a board.

"Oh God, oh yes, this is amazing, please, more," Candie sighed as she thrilled to her first girl-girl touches. Little electric shocks traveled from her wet pussy to her nipples, stiffening them to erect pegs. Her mind was barely coherent, she was lost in a fog of erotic dreams. She couldn't wait until Lance joined the party! She was certain if it got much better than this, she would go out of her mind!

Madelyn was really meticulous about eating the sweet blonde's trimmed pussy. She loved having sex with girls and had enjoyed the passions of several females over the years. Yummy little Candie was so different and unspoiled. It was her first time and Madelyn wanted to make it memorable, so she took it slow and let Candie's words guide her as to how far she should take things. Fortunately, Candie seemed to be as into it as she was herself. When she came up for air, Candie reached for her and kissed her hard.

Candie tasted her own juices for the first time and noticed they were sweet. "I want to do that," she said to Madelyn. "I've never -- gone down on a girl -- but I want to, I have to pay you back for my orgasm -- or was it two, I lost count, they were so GOOD!"

It had been two but Madelyn decided not to belabor the point. "Soon enough baby, but let's not forget the real reason you're here and that's the handsome stud who has been over there watching us. He wanted to eat your pussy too and he's good, you should let him. I'm not going anywhere, so I'm going to scoot over and let him taste how sweet you really are."

Lance nodded his thanks to Madelyn and got between the pretty blonde's legs. He wondered if perhaps Maddy was making yet another Halloween metaphor until he tasted Candie's juices. No one he had ever been with tasted this delicious. He could have stayed down there all day, but her tiny hands finally pushed her away.

"I told you he's good," Madelyn grinned.

"Good? He's amazing, you both are," Candie panted. "I don't even need to get fucked now, I could just float home."

"Well, if you don't want to ..." Lance teased.

"No, NO, that's just cruel and unusual punishment," Candie squealed, although she knew he didn't mean it. The sexy Cowgirl decided she wanted to play cowgirl. She got on top of him and wiggled her compact, perfect body on top of Lance. "Can I ride you, handsome?" She giggled. "I really want to take all of your horse cock in my cunt, Candie whispered to her new stud. "Don't worry about me Lance, I can be quite the nasty girl if I'm properly inspired and you two have given me enough inspiration for a month!"

"We're only just getting started, sexy," Madelyn smiled. "I can't wait to see you taking Lance's big cock inside your little pussy. He won't hurt you even a little bit. He can be surprisingly gentle. God, it's been a while since I've been this turned on!"

"I have an idea how we can kick things up a notch," Lance told them. It was hard to concentrate with the tiny blonde grinding her body on top of his, but he did his best. "Candie, why don't you take my cock inside your pussy and ride me the way you want to. Maddy, ride my face and I'll eat your cunt while you and Candie can kiss and make out. Sound good?"

Candie liked that everyone was loosening up around her, using the words and not acting like she was some sweet, innocent thing. "Fuck, yeah," she grinned. "Any way I can play with this sexy bitch and still get fucked sounds good to me. Go for it!"

Candie hoisted her petite body up and prepared for it. As she slid down on her new lover's turgid cock, she felt the momentary twinge of pain as her pussy lips parted and he entered her. It didn't last, the sensation turned to chills of excitement. He packed her the way that no other man ever had and she began to move her hips and ass to take him in. She looked over and saw Madelyn's exquisite, sensual face nearing hers. Candie opened her mouth for the sweet kisses she knew would follow. Their mouths clashed and their hands reached for each other's tits as they mutually fucked Lance. Candie loved her new girlfriend's gorgeous breasts but she knew her own were perfect for her body. Madelyn was right, why not appreciate her own strengths and the contrast she brought with her? She and Madelyn looked really hot together, she was sure of that. When Candie looked to one side of the huge bed, she saw a large, full sized mirror that showed them all fucking. Her opinion was now a fact.
