 Many years ago, when Madras was still known as Madras and not Chennai, I had to travel to this South Indian city on business. I decided to travel by train instead of flying because for me it meant forty-four hours of relaxing in air-conditioned comfort, far from the daily hustle bustle. 

As per my habit, dressed in kurta pajama (men's dress suitable for day and night wear), I reached the railway station early. The train was just pulling in from the yard. I located my compartment and sat next to the window. 

A young girl, who looked no more than 15 or 16 years of age, arrived fifteen minutes before the scheduled time of departure. After the coolie (porter) had stowed away her luggage, which consisted of a trunk, a large suitcase and several small pieces, she sat down on the opposite corner i.e. as far as possible from where I was sitting. 

I observed her more carefully. She was quite beautiful. She was fair, about 5'4'' tall slim with small perky boobs. She had done up her long hair in two plaits, which were lying lazily on her tight hips. She was wearing a pink salwar kameez. The color suited her very much. The contours of her hard nipples were clearly visible through the thin material of her kameez. 

Every now and then she glanced nervously at me and then at her wristwatch. She must have looked at her watch twenty or thirty times in five minutes. As the departure time approached she looked at her watch more frequently. 

'She is worried at the prospect of spending two nights alone with a stranger,' I thought.

I smiled to myself at her apparent discomfort and to reassure her, said, 'Miss, there is no need to be nervous. According to the reservation chart a Mr. and Mrs. Sharma are also traveling with us.' 

'Who says I am nervous,' she shot back, putting up a brave front. 

'Sorry, I didn't know that you are in the habit of consulting your watch every couple of seconds,' I laughed. 

She blushed but remained silent.

Suddenly there was a flurry of activity outside our compartment and an elderly couple, panting heavily, entered. The girl breathed an audible sigh of relief. The coolie left their luggage in the corridor as the train had started to move. 

'Let me,' I offered and helped them to stow away their suitcases. 

When they had settled down the gentleman said, wiping his perspiration, 'Thank God, we just made it.' 

'You did cut it very fine,' I said, 'I make it a point to arrive much before the departure time.' 

'We too, but today we had bad luck. The taxi we took broke down half way. We requested the driver to transfer our luggage to another cab. "Two minutes," he said and disappeared under the bonnet. After twenty minutes of tinkering with the engine he managed to start the taxi again. Then he drove like mad. We nearly died of fright,' the man said. 

'On reaching the station he wanted my husband to tip him for bringing us in time,' the lady said indignantly. 

'Forget it, the main thing is that we didn't miss the train,' the gent said, 'the journey ahead of us is long. I think it is best that we introduce ourselves. My name is Arvind Sharma and this is my wife, Rajni. We are traveling to Jhansi to be with our youngest son.' 

'My name is Saheb Sahebji. I am traveling to Madras on business,' I said. 

'My name is Priya. I am planning to do my graduation in Madras,' the girl said. 

'Aren't you a little young to be traveling alone in a train?' Mrs. Sharma asked.

'I am eighteen,' she said proudly.

'You don't look a day older than sixteen,' Mrs. Sharma said, 'it is very brave of your parents to let you travel alone. I would have been scared,' 

'Usually I fly but this time because I had a lot of luggage, I had to travel by train. My parents thought traveling in 1st class air- conditioned coach would be quite safe,' Priya explained. 

'Safe from vagabonds like me,' I said laughing, 'you should have seen how nervous she was.' 

Priya blushed. 'What is there to be nervous about?' Mr. Sharma asked. 

'You didn't turn up and the prospect of spending two nights with a "rogue" like me made her nervous,' I laughed. 

'Mr. Sahebji, I am sure you are a very nice person,' Mrs. Sharma said.

'I tried to reassure her but...' I said shrugging,

'Mr. Sahebji, please, you are embarrassing me,' Priya said blushing. 

'I am sorry. I didn't want to...' I said. 

'It is I who should apologize. I am sorry that I misjudged you,' Priya said interrupting me. 

Now that the ice was broken the Sharmas told us that they had three sons. They were posted in three different cities. They spent six weeks with each of them every year. They were now going to Jhansi where their youngest son was a working.'

'His wife is going to have her first baby,' Mrs. Sharma said proudly, 'they were married last year.' 

'I love children. How many grandchildren do you have?' Priya asked. 

'We have five. The eldest son has two, a girl and a boy and the second one has three, two girls and a boy. This one in going to our sixth grand child,' Mrs. Sharma replied smiling. 

'Priya, why are you going so far to study?' Mr. Sharma asked. 

'I didn't do well in the school leaving exams. Therefore I didn't get admission in any college here. My mausaji (uncle - mother's sister's husband) has arranged for my admission in a college in Madras. Now for the next three years Madras will be my home,' she said laughing nervously.

'We have never been to Madras,' Mr. Sharma said then looking at me added, 'Sahebji, have you?' 

'Yes, a couple of times but always on business,' I said. 

'Madras and its surroundings are very beautiful. They are worth a holiday,' Priya said. 

'This time I am planning to spend a couple of weeks there,' I said. 

'Really, I know Madras very well. I have spent many holidays there. Please let me show you around to atone for my error of judgment,' Priya said. 

'Of course, it will be my pleasure but you don't have to,' I said. 

'Please let me,' she said.

'All right, if you insist,' I laughed. 

'Thank you. Do you like to swim in the sea? Madras has some of the finest beaches in the world,' Priya said, going into great detail of what she was going to show me. 

At night the Sharmas slept on the two lower berths and Priya and I on the two upper berths. The next day around lunch time the train reached Jhansi. The Sharmas got off and a young couple got on. 

The man was about 25 years old, not very tall slim with a round face and his wife about 20 years old. She was quite pretty; slim with large orange sized boobs. The way she was dressed it was clear that they had married recently. 

'Are you going to Madras?' the man asked. 

'Yes, have you been there before?' I replied. 

'We live in Madras,' the man laughed, 'we are returning from our honeymoon. By the way my name is Amit and this is my brand new wife, Amita.' 

'I am Saheb Sahebji,' I said introducing myself. 

'My name is Priya,' Priya said, 'where did you go for your honeymoon?' 

'To Khajuraho,' he said. 

'The temples in Khajuraho are very interesting, especially for a honeymooning couple,' I said with a naughty smile. 

Amita blushed and lowered her eyes. 

'Yes, very interesting. Every morning we chose a sex position and studied it. Then returning to our hotel we practiced it. Isn't it so, darling,' Amit said laughing loudly putting his arm around his wife's waist and hugging her. Poor Amita, she didn't say anything but her face turned crimson. 

'We are very lucky. We think alike and enjoy the same things. As if God made us for each other even our names are similar, Amit and Amita. Isn't it so, darling,' Amit said.

Amit was quite a jovial person. He talked incessantly. He kept us amused with his anecdotes and jokes till bedtime. At ten we decided to go to bed. I lay on my berth trying to sleep whereas Priya, on the other hand, covering herself with a sheet, promptly went off to sleep. Suddenly my eyes fell on Amita. 

In the dim blue night-light I saw that she was shaking her head and pointing upwards. 'Ah, Amit wants her to come to him for a fuck,' I thought and to see what happens next, pretended to sleep. I watched through half closed eyes. Priya was asleep and Amita kept shaking her head. 

Suddenly Amit stood up and peering at Priya and then me said something to Amita, which I could not understand as his back was towards me. She shook her head again. 

Amit pushed down his pajamas and exposed his erect cock. Then he caught Amita's hand and pulled her towards his berth. Amita got up and both of them disappeared from my view. I looked at Priya to see if she was still asleep. I was surprised to see that she was awake and watching them with a shocked expression. 

As I could not see what was happening below me without giving myself away I kept watching Priya through half closed eyes. After a while her hand disappeared under the sheet and after a minute the sheet started to move. Apparently Amit and Amita were fucking and Priya was masturbating. 

She kept looking at the couple and masturbated till she orgasmed with a sigh. I waited to see what happens next. After ten minutes or so Priya started to rub her choot again. 

'Ahh, they have started to fuck again,' I thought. 

After twenty minutes or so I saw Amita return to her berth. I looked at Priya. Her eyes were shut. A few minutes later she turned over and went to sleep. Tonight's show was over. I went to sleep also. 

'Did you sleep well?' Amit asked nudging his wife when we were having morning tea. 

'Very well thank you, I slept like a log,' I replied. 

'Me too,' Priya said blushing sweetly. 

'We slept also very well, didn't we darling,' Amit said laughing loudly and hugging his wife. Amita blushed. Couple of hours later the train arrived at Madras railway station. 

'I am sure my mausi has come to receive me,' Priya said. 

'Go have a look,' I said, 'I'll take care of your baggage.' 

I stepped off the train a few minutes later with two coolies carrying our luggage. I saw Priya talking to a very beautiful lady. I recognized the lady right away. I had met her on the same train nearly a decade ago. We had had a lovely time together (read my story "Fuck in a train").

Ten years had not taken away anything from her. She was still as beautiful as before. She was in her mid thirties, beautiful, tall, slim, very fair with long hair tastefully done up in a bun behind her head. 

She wore a deep red silk sari with matching blouse, matching bindi and sandals. Her sari was wrapped tightly round her body showing all her curves to their best advantage, the pallu (the upper end of the sari) was pulled tightly across her firm boobs. 

Her boobs were not very large but the right size for her physique. She wore a double pearl string around her neck, which enhanced the beauty of her swan like neck, pearl tops and a diamond ring on her fingers. Even today she looked to me like Miss World and Miss Universe both rolled in one.

I walked up to them. 'Mausi (aunt – mother's sister), this is Mr. Sahebji. I met him on the train. I have promised to show him around. May I?' Priya asked. 

Her mausi, seeing me, blushed and said hesitatingly, 'I don't know. You must ask your mausa (uncle – mother's sister's husband).' 

'She has recognized me also,' I thought seeing her blush. 

'Oh mausi, I can't ask mausa as he is not in town. I've given him my word. Please can I show him around?' Priya insisted. 

'All right, you can show him around but...' mausi said hesitatingly. 

'But, what?' Priya asked. 

'No, nothing, go ahead you have my permission,' mausi said. 

'Thank you, mausi,' Priya said, 'Sahebji, come to our flat tomorrow at ten. You have the address already. We'll take it from there, okay?' I nodded. 

Next morning, which was a Monday, I reached their flat at ten. Priya was ready but her mausi was still in her housecoat. 

'I am sorry but there is a small change in the program. Mausaji rang up. I must go to the college today and fill out the forms etc.' Priya said apologetically. 

'That's all right. We can start sightseeing from tomorrow,' I said and turned to leave. 

'Sahebji, don't go. I won't be long. I'll be back in couple of hours. You are an artist so is mausi. She paints,' Priya said, 'Mausi, show him your paintings maybe he can give you some hints.' 

When Priya had left, I said, 'Kiran, how are you?' 

'You remember?' she whispered. 

'Of course, how can I forget the most pleasant journey of my life,' I said, 'Are you okay?' 

'Yes, thank you,' Kiran said, 'I am very well.' 

'Where is your husband?' I asked. 

'He is on tour,' she replied, 'he'll return in about ten day's time.'

'Have you any children?' I asked. 

'Two girls, one is six the other four,' Kiran replied, 'They have gone to school.' 

I noticed that Kiran was tense and ill at ease. 

'Why don't you show me your painting?' I said to divert her mind. 

'Oh yes, follow me,' she said leading me to a small room. 

The room was apparently her studio. An unfinished painting was on a stand. A divan was also in the room. Seeing that I was looking at the divan, she said, 'Sometimes I paint till late in the night and not wanting to disturb my husband, I sleep here.' 

She removed the painting from the stand and replaced it with an abstract painting. She described what it was supposed to depict. She was relaxed and talked enthusiastically about her paintings. 

I didn't pay much attention to what she was saying. My thoughts wandered to our train journey together and the desire to fuck her again made my cock rock hard. I kept making appropriate noises, waiting for an opening to get her into bed again. She went on and on. The first canvas was replaced by another and yet another. 

After half an hour she placed a painting of woman with fire in her eyes trying to fight off two men, who were trying to snatch her child from her arms by force. 

'This is my favorite. I call this painting "The Struggle". You must see it from a distance to really appreciate the color and depth of the painting,' she said, backing away from the stand and walked right into my erection. 

'OH,' she exclaimed as my hard on poked her in her ass. She tried to pull away but I quickly put my arm around her and pressed her to me. 

'Sahebji, please let me go,' she whispered. 

I spun her around and pressing my hard on against her crotch, I kissed her tenderly. 

'Sahebji, please don't, I am a married woman,' she protested. 

'You were married then also,' I replied and kissed her passionately. 

Initially she tried to free herself from my hold but a few seconds later she melted into my arms and responded with the same ardor I was kissing her. While kissing her I pushed her towards the divan. 

'Sahebji, not here, let's go to the bedroom we'll be more comfortable,' she said panting. 

Once in the bedroom we undressed and lay down on the bed. Her body was as beautiful as I remembered. She wanted me as badly as I wanted her. 

For a few minutes we lay kissing each other then I nibbled her ear and then suckled her erect nipples. 'Oh Sahebji, Oh Sahebji,' she moaned repeatedly. I kissed and licked my way towards her cunt. I paused briefly, to rotate my tongue in her navel, on the way to her cunt. Reaching her cunt I licked her swollen cunt lips. 'Oh Sahebji, it feels sooooo good,' she moaned, raising her hips and pressed her cunt against my lips. 

I licked and sucked her swollen clit. Suddenly I took her hard clit between my teeth and bit lightly on it. 

'OWWA, IT HURTS BUT IT FEELS SOOOO GOOD. DON'T STOP. GO ON. Y...HES GO ON. I AM NEARLY THERE. OH OHHH I AMMM COOOMMMMIIIINNNGGGGG,' she screamed and released a stream of warm cunt juice in my mouth. 

Without a pause I continued to eat her pussy. She raised her legs and held them aloft exposing her gaping choot hole. I moved lower and rimmed her cunt hole. 'OH MY GOD, IT FEELS WONDERFUL,' she screamed. Then I shoved my tongue in her lower mouth. 

'AGHRR,' she yelped and with a loud sigh came again. 

As I licked her offering, she yelled, 'MUJHSE AB SAHA NAHIN JATA. SAHEBJI, DER MAT KARO. APNA LAURDA MERI CHOOT MAIN GHUSSERD DO (I CAN'T STAND IT ANY MORE. SAHEBJI, DON'T DELAY. SHOVE YOUR COCK INTO MY CUNT).' 

Ignoring her pleas I started to tongue fuck her. After few minutes she was on the boil again. 

'SAHEBJI, FASTER Y...HESSS TONGUE FUCK ME FASTER. OH OHHH I AMMM COOMMMMMMIIIIIIINNNNNGGGGGGG,' she screamed. 

I continued to tongue fuck her but she caught me by my hair and tried to pull me on her. 'Sahebji, please ab mujhe chodo (Sahebji, please fuck me now),' she said gasping for breath. 

I got on top of her. 'As you wish, my love,' I said and placing my cock at the entrance of her choot pushed the whole of it in one hard stroke. 

'OWWWA, it hurts,' she yelped.

I started to move my cock in and out of her dripping choot. I fucked her with long slow strokes. I kept varying the length and speed constantly. Her moans of pleasure became louder and louder. Her bottoms moved in rhythm of my strokes. Suddenly her back arched upwards, pressing her choot against my crotch. 

'HAAN AUR ZOR SE CHODO. HAAN AUR TEZ. OH OHH MERA NIKALNE WALA HAI (OH GOD, Y...HESS, FUCK ME HARDER. Y...HESS FASTER. OH OHH I AM ABOUT TO CUM),' she moaned loudly. 

I continued to fuck her with steady strokes. 

'Y...HESS Y...HESSS, SAHEBJI, I AMMM COMMMMIIIINNNNG,' she screamed and lay panting. I slowed down to give her time to catch her breath. 

'OH SAHEBJI, DON'T STOP. KEEP MOVING. MAKE ME CUM AGAIN,' she panted bucking her bottoms from below. 

I recommenced the fuck motion. After a few strokes her bottoms started to move, keeping rhythm with my in and out strokes. I felt my sperm rising and my strokes became shorter and harder. 

'MY GOD, SAHEBJI, CONTINUE LIKE THIS. YOU WILL MAKE ME CUM AGAIN. ARE YOU COMING ALSO?' she panted. 

'Y...hes, I am not far away also,' I panted. 

'FASTER, SAHEBJI, FASTER AND HARDER I AM NEARLY THERE. Y...HESSS, Y...HESSS I AMM THERE OHHH SAAAHEEEEBJIIIII,' she shouted and fell back on the bed gasping for breath. At this moment I also shot my load into her cum thirsty cunt. 

For few minutes we lay savoring the intense sensation we had just experienced. As I was about to roll off, she panted, 'No, please don't get off yet. Fuck me one more time.' 

I started to move my half-stiff cock in and out of her choot till it was hard again. Then we fucked for the second time. After a long satisfying fuck, in which she came four times, I rolled off her. 

'How is your sex life now?' I said lighting cigarettes for both of us. 

'Very good,' she replied laughing, 'we do everything that we did ten years ago in the train.' 

'How did you manage it?' I asked. 

'Quite easily,' she giggled. 

'I am curious, tell me,' I said.

About a fortnight after my arrival one night when we were resting after making love, I asked my husband, 'What do the words cunnilingus and fellatio mean?' 

My husband was taken aback and asked, 'Who told you these words?' 

'No one, I read them in a book,' I said, 'I know that they have something to do with sex but what?' 

'Cunnilingus is cunt licking also known as pussy eating and fellatio means cock sucking or giving head or a blowjob,' he replied. 

'Chi chi, who would want to do these dirty things,' I asked making a face. 

'It is nice and many people enjoy doing it,' he said. 

'You have done it with what's her name, haven't you,' I said accusing him. Pradeep, my husband, had had an affair with a married neighbor before our marriage. 

'Yes, I licked her choot and she sucked my cock,' he replied, 'if you want we can also do it.' 

'I don't know...all right, I'll try it,' I said. 

'If I lick your choot then you'll have to suck my cock,' he laughed. 

I protested but allowed myself be persuaded by him. Then we sixty nined. 
