 This is dedicated to my friends, Annette and Patrick. Thanks for your inspiration and support!

*****

Chapter 18

I noticed over the next couple of weeks that Amy was more affectionate than she had been before, both with me and others who I watched her interact with. It was not overtly sexual, just a greater physical comfort level with herself and people that she came in contact with.

As for me, it was like we were back at the start of our relationship, when everything that she did excited me and I was constantly filled with lust for her. I paid more attention to her appearance, and I kept flashing back to the dress she put on the night that we entertained Jamal at our house. 

She told me that the outfit was inspired by my description of the dress that Alex wore the night I took her home from the bar, and it took several hours for her to find a similar one to wear for me. I told her that I loved her boldness in wearing it without a slip for Jamal and me. She laughed and told me not to get my hopes up about her wearing it in public without a slip under it.

Of course, Amy couldn't wait to tell her best friend, Carol about our escapade. We caught her up on our experience after Thursday night yoga class the following week. We were having drinks afterward at our usual bar and Carol was incredulous that Amy had done anal with Jamal, since she had seen first hand the size of Jamal's erection. 

Amy gushed about what a great guy and a wonderful lover Jamal was, and Carol stole glances at me as she went on about him. Finally. Carol had heard enough, and she pointed out that Amy had a pretty great guy sitting next to her.

Amy realized what she had done, and she turned to me with chagrin, saying, "I'm sorry, baby. Carol is right. Even as much as I like Jamal, he can't come close to how much I love you and enjoy being your wife." I was glad to hear her say that, but a little upset that Carol had to remind her to do it. 

Carol told us she was seeing a new guy named Brad who she met through her job in insurance. He had a small business and he came to her to buy health insurance coverage for his workers. They started talking and he invited her to dinner. They followed that up with a movie date three days later, and afterwards, he asked her to go with him to a business function the following week.

"Oooh, the third date!" Amy exclaimed.

Carol blushed, "Actually, I met him for lunch today, so that was technically our third date."

I was clued in to the three date rule, so I knew what Amy was referring to. Now that the guy had taken Carol out three times, she could give him a green light to have sex with her.

Carol added, "Also, we sort of already had sex." 

Amy and I waited for an explanation with confusion on our faces.

"Brad is a great kisser, and we have been making out at every opportunity since our first date. Today, after we had lunch together, we were making out in his car in the parking lot before we headed back to our jobs."

She hesitated, then added in a conspiratorial whisper, "I let him finger me while we were kissing, and I was rubbing his cock through his pants at the same time. We both got carried away and I accidentally made him cum in his pants. The poor guy had to go home and change before he could go back to work."

Carol and Amy laughed at the predicament that she had put Brad in, and I smiled at Carol's happiness at finding a guy who she seemed to hit it off with. I suggested that we do a double date with her and Brad so we could meet him, and Carol said she would talk to Brad about it and set something up. 

During our conversation with Carol, Amy didn't mention the possibility of us participating in a gang bang with Jamal, so I stayed quiet about it too. I did wonder what Carol would think about it, and decided I would get her perspective on it at some point.

I had a three day business trip the following Monday, and Amy would be on her own for two nights. I wondered if she would ask to see Jamal while I was gone, but she didn't say anything about it. I was packing Sunday night for the trip, and I finally broached the subject myself.

"What are you going to do while I am gone?" I asked.

"What do you mean?" Amy replied.

"Do you want to see Jamal while I am away?"

"Would that be okay with you?" she asked. Her face didn't give anything away as to how she felt about it, but that, in itself, spoke volumes. She was hiding her true feelings about the possibility.

I said, "If it's something that you want to do, and you are comfortable seeing him by yourself, I guess it's okay with me."

Amy frowned, "That doesn't sound like an endorsement to me. I would like to use the opportunity to see Jamal, but I want to know that you want it too."

My heart was racing as I pulled her into my arms and kissed her. I realized that I had been looking forward to an opportunity for her to be with Jamal where I had no direct control over the situation since she started seeing him. Then I said, "I want you to be with Jamal while I am gone, but I have two conditions."

Amy smiled, "I know one of them is to tell you everything that happens between us. What is the other one?"

I grinned at her perceptiveness. "The other one is that you don't fall in love with him and decide to leave me."

"Oh baby, why would you worry about that?" Amy asked, putting her arms around my neck and giving me a sensuous kiss. The kiss led to even more kissing, then some frantic groping, and finally we ended up doing it on the bedroom floor, too excited to take the time to move my suitcase and clothes off the bed.

As we lay on top of our discarded clothes with Amy's head resting on my chest, I told her that I really was okay with her having Jamal over while I was gone. I had reached a point where I trusted him, and I was honest about my excitement at thinking about what they might be doing while I was not there.

Amy said, "So you are okay if he stays here overnight?"

"Yeah," I replied. "That will be okay. Ask him to be discrete, though. Our neighbors will wonder if they see a strange car sitting in the driveway all night."

"And you are okay if he fucks me, right? Here in our bed, while you are gone?" She was teasing me and stroking my cock as she asked the questions. "Are you okay if he fucks my ass, too, baby? What about if he comes in my mouth and makes me swallow it?"

I was hard again, and Amy grinned as she climbed on top of me and impaled herself. I told her I was fine with all of that, but I knew she was asking in an effort to arouse me rather than out of real concern. I did remind her to be careful with Jamal at work, though.

"Oh Randy," she whispered to me as she rode me. "What could happen at work that would be so bad if we got caught?" 

I thought she was being serious, and I started to formulate a reply, when she added, "If one of the supervisors catches us, I will just offer to let him join us."

She knew that I got off on the idea of her acting slutty and having sex with multiple guys, and her comment made me envision her being double teamed by Jamal and one of the supervisors. I came hard at the mental image, and Amy smiled in satisfaction. She didn't cum until I went down on her afterward, but she had a strong orgasm as I cleaned up her messy pussy.

I flew out early the next morning, and spent the flight thinking about Amy. When I got to our corporate office in New Jersey, I was busy the whole day and then had dinner with several members of my team that evening. They headed to the hotel bar after dinner for a nightcap, but I begged off and went back to my room.

I checked my phone in the elevator, and saw that I had two new messages from Amy.

Amy:Hi Baby. Jamal is here, wish u were 2

Then a picture message came up. It was a selfie with Amy snuggled against Jamal's chest in our bed. He was holding her phone and took the selfie of the two of them smiling and relaxing. There was a bed sheet covering them, and I wondered if it was taken before or after they had sex.

I almost got out of the elevator on the wrong floor, and quickly stepped back in as a man got in with me. I hid my phone screen until the doors opened on my floor, then I raced to my room and got undressed. 

I checked my phone, and the incoming message bubble was on. I stared at it for several minutes, and realized Amy must be sending me a video file! I grabbed the complimentary bottle of lotion and the box of kleenex from the bathroom, and laid down on the bed. By the time the message loaded on my phone, I was erect and stroking myself in anticipation. 

I clicked on the icon, and the phone switched to the video app. I turned the phone sideways to watch it. Amy had given the phone to Jamal, and he was shooting the action as he fucked her. She was on her back, and moaning as he thrust into her. The picture jerked and moved in concert with his efforts.

He panned down to show his cock sliding in and out of Amy. She was taking the entire length with ease now, and she said, "Yeah baby, fuck me with that big cock. Show Randy what he's missing tonight."

I stroked myself slowly, to avoid coming too soon. In the video, Amy pushed against Jamal's chest to indicate she wanted to turn over. She got on her hands and knees, and looked back at the camera, smiling. Her cute little butt filled the frame, and I could see that her pussy was already red and the lips were swollen. She was gaping open about an inch. Jamal's cock entered the picture, looking huge from the perspective of the camera. He pushed all the way into her and Amy cried out. "Yeah, baby. Fuck me hard!"

Then the picture began to jerk again, as Jamal complied with Amy's request. I made a mental note to get her a stand to hold the camera for this type of thing the next time I travelled. Jamal had one hand on Amy's hip, and she was helping him by slamming back into him against each of his thrusts. Amy shouted, "Oh god, here I cum." and clutched the sheets as she orgasmed. Jamal kept pounding her through it.

After she stopped screaming and settled down, Jamal pulled out and told her to turn over. She did, and he handed her the phone. She took it and looked into the camera, "He wants to finish now, so I am going to put the phone down. Love you, baby." she said as she kissed the camera lens. The picture gyrated as she turned the phone around and then went dark. 

I clicked on the progress bar on the video and put it back to where Jamal began doing her doggy style. I stroked myself and came all over my stomach at the same time that she did in the video. As I cleaned myself up, I typed a message back to her.

Me:That was hot! Thx to Jamal for shooting it. Will get u a phone holder 4 next time

Shortly after I sent the message, my phone rang. It was Amy!

I answered with, "Hi baby, thanks for the video." 

Amy was panting, "Sure, hon. Did you enjoy it"

"I just came all over myself watching it." I told her.

She giggled and said, "What a coincidence, Jamal just came all over me. I wish you were here so we could lick the cum off of each other."

"Me too." I replied.

"Are you behaving yourself?" she asked.

"What do you mean?"

Amy paused, "You won't have sex with another girl without asking me first, will you?"

I remembered our discussion about flirting with coworkers. I knew that Amy was having a much harder time with the idea of sharing me with other girls than I had about sharing her with other guys.

"No, baby. I won't do that, and if you and Jamal keep sending me videos like that, I won't have the time or energy left to do anything with another girl anyway."

"Good." Amy said. "Jamal and I are going to go clean up in the shower together now. I will talk to you in the morning. I just wanted to thank you for this and tell you that I love you."

"I love you too, baby." I said, before ending the call. I turned off the light and tried to go to sleep, but ended up watching the video again a couple of times. I was still amazed that my sweet, somewhat shy Amy, who hesitated to masturbate in front of me, was now fucking other guys and sending me videos of it. I fell asleep with a smile on my face.

Chapter 19

The next morning, I found another video file on my phone. It was Amy and Jamal in the shower together. She must have propped her phone up on the vanity across from the shower to record it. I didn't have time to watch the whole thing before getting ready to meet my team for breakfast, so I skipped through it to see what it contained.

It showed them kissing as they waited for the shower water to heat up, then they stepped in and there was a pretty long sequence of them washing each other. Amy washed Jamal last, and ended up on her knees sucking his cock after she rinsed him off. He pulled her up and turned her around so that he could enter her from behind, then he fucked her as she moaned loud enough to be heard over the running water. After several minutes of this, he said something to her and reached for a bottle on the shelf. I think it was conditioner, and he put it on his cock and then appeared to push back into her slowly.

Amy shouted, "Oh fuck!" and I realized he was working his big cock into her ass! There were several minutes of them in this position, then Jamal reached down and picked Amy up while still embedded in her ass and moved back to the bench seat in the shower. He sat down on it and she put her feet on his thighs. She took charge of the action, and I had a great view of it from a side on perspective, because they were far enough back in the shower that the glass panel wasn't splashed with water. Amy rose up until she reached the tip of his cock, then plunged down to the base as the action continued. Jamal was playing with her breasts and pulling on her nipples as they fucked.

I was running late, so I moved to the end of the video where they were out of the shower and drying off. Amy leaned over to put her face in the picture and said, "I hope you enjoyed that as much as I did, baby. Talk to you later." and the video ended.  

I put my phone in the front pocket of my messenger bag and took a quick shower. I wanted to jerk off in the shower, but didn't have time, so I quickly dressed and ran out the door to meet my teammates for breakfast. I would have to wait until later for my own release.

Our second day of working on the project as a team seemed to drag on as I thought about Amy. I fiddled with my phone during dinner with the group, waiting for a message from Amy and itching to watch the videos again. I was finally able to get away from the group and return to my room around 9 pm.

I still didn't have any calls or messages from Amy, and I was starting to worry, so I called her. She answered and I could tell that she was taking the call over her Bluetooth connection in the car.

"Hi, hon." I said.

"Hi baby, you caught us on the way home." she replied. "Jamal took me out to dinner after work."

I remembered that they were an hour behind me in the midwest. I worried a little about them being out in public together, but then I realized that others would probably think nothing of two friends having dinner together. Of course, that depended on how they acted towards each other. Lately Amy had been much more affectionate in public. I was getting excited thinking about someone catching them fooling around.

"Did you have a good time?"

"Yeah, we did. Jamal took me to a great sushi place. I ate too much." she said laughing.

"I'm glad you enjoyed yourself." I told her, adding, "thank you for taking such good care of Amy while I'm gone, Jamal."

"My pleasure, Randy." Jamal replied. "Amy is taking good care of me too, so it's all good."

I was sure that Jamal's comment alluded to his 'friends with benefits' arrangement with Amy. 

"And thanks for the videos," I said, "They are amazing. We could make a lot of money in the interracial cuckold porn industry."

"DON'T YOU DARE PUT THOSE ONLINE!" Amy shouted, as Jamal chuckled in the background.

"I am only kidding." I assured Amy. "You are now my favorite porn star though, baby."

"Well, you won't be getting any more pictures or videos from me if I find out you are sharing those with anyone."

"Don't worry." I told her. "Okay, just wanted to check in with you. Drive safe and I will see you tomorrow."

"Thanks, hon." she said. "We are pretty tired, so you probably won't get another video tonight. Love you."

"Love you too." I replied as I ended the call. 

I spent the rest of the night watching the shower video. It was over 25 minutes long, and I must have watched it three times as I masturbated. I only stopped to turn in when my phone flashed a low power message on the screen and I was forced to plug it in to recharge it.

Then next day I flew home, and got to the house before Amy did. Our bed was made, and there was no obvious sign that Jamal had been in the house, which disappointed me a little bit. I shook my head at the realization that I was actually hoping to find some indication that Jamal had been there, and demonstrated his dominance by leaving signs of his presence behind for me to find. Of course, Amy might have cleaned anything like that up out of concern for my feelings.

When Amy got home she gave me big smile and a long kiss, and I felt a sense of relief that she was still so affectionate towards me. In the back of my mind, I continued to worry that she would lose interest in me as she got more involved with Jamal.

The next day was Thursday, and I told Amy I had a late conference call scheduled with folks on the west coast, so I couldn't make the yoga class. Amy frowned, reminding me that Carol was skipping it too, for her date with Brad. Amy hated to miss a class.

Suddenly she brightened, "I can ask Jamal to go with me. I told him I was into yoga and he agreed to go with me sometime." She put in a call to him and left her invitation in a message.

I had a nagging worry at how much time Amy was now spending with Jamal. I told her that I would try to meet them afterward if they decided to go out for drinks. I wanted to see how they were acting towards each other in public, fearful that Amy was going to make people suspicious, but turned on by the idea, too.

Jamal called back about ten minutes later and I could tell by Amy's expression that he agreed to join her. 

We went to bed, and Amy drove me crazy for over an hour with her accounts of what she and Jamal had done in my absence. She got me to cum in both her pussy and her ass, then 'made' me clean her up with my mouth. I was so tired after that, I passed out and slept until the alarm went off. 

At work the next day, I was busy cleaning up tasks that accumulated while I was out of town on my business trip. The day flew by, and it wasn't until my late conference call with the west coast office that I thought about Amy and realized that she was probably just beginning her yoga class with Jamal. I sent her a text telling her I was thinking about her.

The meeting ran over, and by the time I got my computer packed up and left the office Amy's yoga class had been over for half an hour. I drove to the bar where she and Jamal were to meet me and went inside.

I didn't see Amy or Jamal, and was looking around in confusion when I felt a tug on my sleeve. I looked down and Alex, the cute Russian graduate student was smiling up at me with a martini glass in her hand.

"Hello Randy." She said cheerfully.

"Hi Alex, how was class tonight?" I asked.

"It was good," she told me, with her wonderful Russian accent, "but I did not see you there."

"I had a late meeting at work," I explained, "so Amy went with a friend of hers from the hospital."

"Ah, yes. I met this friend. He is a very handsome man."

"Did you see them here somewhere?" I asked.

"They just left. Amy told me to tell you that they would be at Ophelia's. You know this place?" she asked.
