 Last few lines of part 2: 

'Please, I have to go otherwise mausi will get angry. I'll come tomorrow again then....' Priya said starting to dress. 

'Then...?' I asked. 

'Nothing,' she said blushing. 

'You were about to say something but stopped,' I prompted. 

'I wasn't saying anything,' she said. 

When she was ready to leave we kissed each other. 'See you tomorrow,' I said. 

'Haan, phir tum mujhe jee bhar ke chodena (Yes, then you can fuck me to your hearts content),' she whispered in my ear. Before I could react she opened the door and hurried out. 

'Don't worry, I will,' I laughed, watching her receding figure down the corridor. 

Part 3:

After Priya had left, I thought over the events of the day. First of all I congratulated myself for popping Priya's cherry. I had never thought that it would be that easy. In our discussions I had noticed that Priya was very naïve about sex. She knew the basic facts otherwise her knowledge about sex was very sketchy. I decided to take advantage of it. 

Later I went to the coffee shop and had a hot soup and something light to eat. I was tired and decided to sleep early. As I lay in bed the phone rang. Ruby was on the line. 

'Hello Sahebji, how are you?' Ruby said. 

'I am fine and you,' I responded. 

'Have you heard the good news?' she asked. 

'What good news?' I said. 

'About Priya,' she said. 

'Oh yes, I have heard. Thank you very much. I am very grateful to you,' I said. 

'Thank you. I didn't phone you for that. What I wanted to know was whether Priya thanked you on phone or in person?' she asked. 

'She came personally and thanked me. Why do you ask?' I said. 

'Did she thank you properly? I mean real properly,' she chuckled. 

Now I understood what she was getting at. 'Yes, she thanked me properly,' I laughed, 'is this why you called?' 

'Yes and I wanted you to come over,' she giggled, 'but you, poor dear, must be very tired. I think it would be best if you rest today.' 

I looked at my watch. It was eight o'clock. 'I'll come if you want,' I said. 

'No, you rest today. My friend will look after me,' she giggled

'Ruby, I'll come....' I said but she had already disconnected the line. 

Next morning, I went to Kiran's flat as usual. The first thing, she said was, 'I suppose, I should congratulate you.' 

'Congratulate me? Why?' I asked. 

'Kyon ki tumne kal Priya ki choot phard dee (Because you deflowered Priya yesterday),' she said. 

'She knows or guesses,' I thought but aloud, I said, 'Who says so?' 

'I say so,' Kiran replied. 

'How can you be so sure? Do you inspect her choot every night?' I said. 

'No but I put her clothes in the washing machine,' she said. 

'That means that I've fucked her,' I said. 

'Then explain why her panties were stiff with dried cum?' Kiran said. 

I thought swiftly. 'Priya is young and healthy. She must have felt very horny and masturbated in her panties several times,' I said. 

'That doesn't explain the streaks of blood on her panties,' Kiran asked. 

So she did bleed. 'She was probably having her period,' I said shrugging. 

'No, it was not her period. Her period finished day before yesterday,' she said. 

'Probably, I am guessing, in her excitement she put her finger or something too deep inside her choot and damaged her virginity,' I said smiling. 

'God, you have an answer for everything. You should have been a lawyer,' Kiran said throwing up her arms. I laughed. 

'Sahebji, don't laugh. I am serious. As far as I am concerned it is Priya's choot and if she wants you to fuck it then fuck it by all means but please, please don't make her pregnant and shame me in front of my sister,' she pleaded with folded hands. 

'Why are you telling me all this?' I said. 

'You may deny it but deep down in my heart I know that you have opened Priya's choot yesterday,' Kiran said. 

'Forget Priya's choot and tell me how is your choot doing?' I asked. 

'Poor thing, it is leaking like a municipality tap since you left yesterday,' she giggled. 

'Let's go to the bedroom,' I said picking her up, 'luckily I have the right sort of plug for it.' 

After I had plugged her leaking choot two times I returned to my hotel. 

After lunch I waited for Priya in my room. I was looking forward to fuck her tight choot but she didn't come. She rang up around six thirty. 

'Where are you? I am waiting for you,' I said. 

'I am still in the college. The principal wanted to talk to me and had asked me to wait,' she said. 

'What did she say?' I asked. 

Priya said, 'I was waiting outside her office. When she was leaving she saw me.' 

'Oh my God, you are still waiting,' Miss Abraham said. 

'The peon told me that you wanted to talk to me so I waited,' I said. 

'I am so sorry. I completely forgot that you were waiting,' she said. 

'That's all right, ma'am. You wanted to talk to me,' I asked. 

'It'll keep. Now go home. Your parents must be worried sick,' she said and getting into her car, drove off and I came to phone you. 

'I missed you very much. Why don't you come over,' I said. 

'I want to but can't,' she said sobbing, 'it is getting late and I must go home.' 

'Don't cry. Tomorrow is Sunday. We can meet early, say at eleven and spend the whole day together,' I said trying to pacify her. 

'I can't, I've promised mausi to spend the whole day with her,' she said blowing her nose. 

'Don't worry, my dear. We'll meet on Monday at three,' I said. 

'I wanted to meet you so,' she said bursting into tears afresh. 

'Priya, please stop crying. Go home and we'll meet on Monday. Bye,' I said. 

'Bye,' she said. 

I was very disappointed. What do I do now? Shall I call Ruby? I was still debating it when the phone rang. 

It was Ruby. 'What are you doing tonight, lover boy?' she asked laughing. 

'Nothing, I was about to call you,' I replied. 

'Come over and spend the weekend with me,' she said. 

'Okay, do you want me to bring anything,' I asked. 

'Yes, bring your laurda (cock) with you. We'll need it,' she giggled. 

'That I will do,' I laughed, 'anything else?' 

'Bring Chinese food and wine and lots of it so that we don't have to cook or go out on Sunday,' she said. 

'Okay, will do,' I said. 

It was nearly eight when I reached Ruby's flat. 'Come in, Sahebji,' she said leading me into the kitchen. 

While we were stowing away the food, Ruby said, 'Did you meet Priya today?' 

'No, it was getting...you engineered it on purpose,' I said accusing Ruby. 

'Yes I did,' she said owning up.

'Why did you do it,' I said. I was annoyed because I had missed out on Priya's tight choot. 

'Because I wanted you to be fresh tonight,' she said. 

This was like adding insult to injury. I was now angry and my ego was hurt. 

'Have I ever disappointed you before,' I asked keeping my temper in control. Ruby sensed that I was livid. 

'Sahebji, please don't get angry. It was not for me,' she said apologizing. 

'For whom then?' I asked. 

'Ma'am, I heard the door bell...oops,' I heard a female voice say behind me. 

'For her,' Ruby whispered. 

I turned and saw Nagma standing, red in the face; with her hand in front of her half open mouth. 

She was wearing a figure hugging lemon green satin blouse, which did little to hide the contours of her nipples, and a dark green plaid skirt. It seemed to me that Nagma was not wearing a bra.

She was as surprised to see me, as I was to see her. I was speechless. I stared at her with my blood running to my loins and with my crotch rising. Seeing Nagma my anger disappeared into thin air. 

'She is beautiful, isn't she?' Ruby giggled. 

'Y...hes, she is very beautiful,' I said. 

'You have seen nothing yet,' Ruby said and turning to Nagma added, 'Take off your clothes and show Sahebji your goodies.' 

'MA'AM,' Nagma said aghast. 

'Why are you so surprised?' Ruby said, 'what did I tell you in the morning.' 

'Y...Y...You s...s...sa....,' Nagma stuttered. 

'Stop stuttering, stupid girl! Didn't I tell you that you are going to lose your cherry today?' Ruby asked. 

'Yes, b...but I...I thought....' Nagma said. 

'You thought that I'll use the dildo to deflower you,' Ruby laughed. 

Nagma nodded. 

'Darling, your cherry is much too precious for a lifeless dildo to take. I have decided that Sahebji will deflower you. Come on off with your clothes,' Ruby said.

Hesitatingly Nagma started to unbutton her blouse. 

'Stop,' Ruby ordered, 'I'll do it.' 

Ruby unbuttoned Nagma's blouse and dropped it on the floor. Nagma's boobs swung free. As I had thought Nagma was not wearing a bra. 

'Sahebji, aren't they beautiful?' Ruby said, cupping Nagma's tits. 

I nodded gaping at the shapely boobs. 

'Look at these taut nipples,' Ruby said kissing and licking Nagma's nipples. 

'Oh ma'am,' Nagma moaned. 

'Oh y...hes,' I said

Then Ruby dropped Nagma's skirt to the floor. Then hooking her fingers in her panties pulled them down. Her choot was freshly shaven. Her lower lips were stuck together and her clit was barely peeping through her slit. 

'Have you ever seen such a beautiful choot before?' Ruby asked running her fingers between Nagma's cunt lips. 

'Y...hes, it is very beautiful,' I panted. 

'She is already wet in anticipation of losing her cherry,' Ruby giggled. 

'Oh ma'am,' Nagma protested. 

'He is going to deflower you. There is no harm in telling him. Sahebji, Nagma has been begging me for the last few months to pop her cherry,' Ruby elaborated. 

'Oh ma'am, please don't,' Nagma protested again. 

'Look at her clit. It is also swollen with excitement,' Ruby said rubbing Nagma's clit, between her forefinger and thumb. 

'Hai Allah (Oh my God),' Nagma exclaimed jumping as Ruby squeezed her clit. 

'Sahebji, show her your cock,' Ruby said. 

I undressed immediately displaying my cock standing in all its glory.

'Look this handsome cock is going to deflower her,' Ruby said fisting my cock. 

'Oh ma'am, it is so big. I'll die of pain,' Nagma said. 

'On the contrary, my dear, it will give you lots and lots of pleasure. Come, my dear, make friends with it. In the meanwhile I'll undress and see that your bridal chamber is ready.' Ruby said disappearing into the bedroom. 

Nagma did not move. She stood staring at her feet and blushing. I walked up to her and putting my left arm around her cupped her left boob. Then taking her right hand placed it on my raging hard on and then ran my fingers between her lower lips while kissing her upper lips. 

'Oh Sahebji,' Nagma moaned. 

'The bridal chamber is ready. Sahebji, bring the bride here,' Ruby called from her bedroom. 

I carried Nagma into the bedroom and laid her on the bed. Ruby had sprinkled rose petals on the bed and burnt some sandal wood incense. 

Nagma lay on the bed with her eyes closed and breathing heavily. 

'The bride is ready to lose her cherry is the bridegroom ready to deflower her,' Ruby announced. 

'Yeah, I am ready,' I said moving the foreskin of my cock up and down. 

'Look how small her choot hole is,' Ruby said lifting Nagma's legs. The choot hole was really small. I doubt whether my little finger could enter it. 

'Yes, but not for long,' I said predicted. I was about to get between Nagma's wide spread legs when Ruby stopped me. 

'Sahebji, wait! On second thought I think it will be better if I prepare her choot for your cock,' and crouched between Nagma's spread legs and started to eat her pussy. 

I was a little disappointed but seeing that Ruby's butt was up in the air and her cunt was in the right position. I entered her cunt from the rear and started to push my cock in out of her cunt. 

'Oh Sahebji,' Ruby moaned wriggled her ass. 

I moved slowly so that Ruby would come and not me. 

'Oh ma'am, it feels wonderful,' Nagma moaned. 

I bent forward and caressed Nagma's tits

Ruby spread Nagma's lower lips and licked up and down between them. Then sucked Nagma's swollen clit and bit it lightly.

'OWW, IT FEELS SOOOO GOOD. DON'T STOP. GO ON Y...HES GO ON. I AM NEARLY THERE. Y...HESS OH OHHH I AMMM COOOMMMMIIIINNNGGGGG,' she screamed and released her cunt juice in Ruby's mouth. 

'Ruby, don't stop. Go on eating her pussy till you come,' I said increasing the speed of my strokes. Ruby nodded and recommenced to lick Nagma's choot. 

She moved lower and rimmed Nagma's choot. 

'OH MY GOD, IT FEELS WONDERFUL,' Nagma screamed. 

Ruby continued to eat Nagma's pussy. Nagma had three orgasms before Ruby wriggled her bottoms to indicate that she was about to come. I caught her hips and shoved my cock hard in and out till Ruby cried in ecstasy, 'JESSUUSS I AMMMMM COOOMMMMMMIIIINNNNGGGG.' 

'Oh thank you, Sahebji, it was wonderful,' Ruby said gasping for air. 

'It was my pleasure,' I replied gallantly. 

'Now it is your turn to enjoy the ultimate pleasure on this God's earth,' she said to Nagama and then turning to me, 'Sahebji, deflower her.'

I got between Nagma's legs and placed my cock on the entrance of her virgin choot. 'Oh ma'am, I am so scared. His cock is very big,' Nagma said trembling. 

'There is nothing to be scared of. One day you have to lose your virginity,' Ruby said. 

'Please ma'am, Sahebji can fuck me but first deflower me with the dildo,' Nagma begged. 

'Sahebji, this will never end. Deflower her,' Ruby said. 

I slid my cock in Nagma's virgin choot. 'AWWWA, ma'am it is hurting. Stop him,' Nagma yelped as my cock, stretching her virgin entrance, slid into her fuck passage till the hymen stopped its further progress. 

I looked at Ruby. Ruby nodded. I pulled back a little and then rammed my cock in. 

'AAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEE,' Nagma screamed as my cock tearing through her hymen buried itself to the hilt in her hitherto virgin choot. 

'Hai Allah, mujhe nahin maloom that inta dard hoga (Oh God, I didn't know that it is so painful),' Nagma said with tears in her eyes. ' 

'Darling, it won't hurt anymore,' I said, kissing away her tears and started to fuck her with long slow strokes. 

'Yes, my dear, Sahebji is right. The painful part is over. Now you'll feel only pleasure,' Ruby said patting her hand reassuringly. 

I moved my cock in and out of her choot. 

'OHHHH,' she groaned, as my cock brushed the torn edges of her hymen. 

Nagma continued to groan as I fucked her with slow long strokes. 

'Does it still hurt?' I asked, pausing.

'Not much,' she groaned. 

I recommenced my in and out movement. 'Ohh,' she groaned, with each stroke, as my lund (cock) rubbed against the torn edges of her virginity.

I pulled my cock back to the tip of her choot and slowly inserted it back. Sometimes I gave quick short strokes and sometimes long slow ones. I kept varying the length and the pace of my strokes. It was not long before her oh's turned into ah's and ah's into AAHH's and her hips started to move in rhythm of my strokes. 

'Sahebji, don't forget to be careful,' Ruby reminded me. 

Nagma's choot was so delightfully tight that I did not feel like stopping and continued to fuck her. 

'SAHEBJI, PULL OUT YOUR COCK FROM NAGMA'S CHOOT. PULL OUT NOW,' Ruby shouted at me. 

Reluctantly, I withdrew my cock. In my hurry to open the bottle I fumbled and dropped it. 'Oh Sahebji, why have you withdrawn?' Nagma moaned. 

'It was for your own good,' Ruby said, 'if he had not pulled out then you could have become pregnant.' 

'Oh I don't care if I became pregnant. It felt soooo nice,' Nagma moaned, 'Sahebji, hurry put your cock back into my bur (cunt).' 

'Stupid girl, if you get pregnant the Governing Body of the college will sack you,' Ruby said. 

In the meanwhile I retrieved the bottle and taking a tablet shoved it in Nagma's choot with my lund. 

'AAAAHHHHH,' Nagma sighed as my cock entered her cunt again. I recommenced the in and out movement. 

Suddenly, Nagma pressed me against her naked body. Her hips moved in a feverish motion. A wild look came into her eyes. I knew she was very close to coming. I was also not far away. I began to thrust viciously into her tight choot. Ramming my cock in her choot so hard that her tits rolled back and forth. 

She began to gasp. She arched her back and thrust her head back her eyes clinched tightly close. We were both trembling and shuddering, our breaths coming in gasps. 

'Y...HES, Y...HESS, Y...HESSSS, OH OHHH, OHHHH, OHHHH SAAAHHHHEEEEBBBBBJJJJIIIIIIIIII,' she screamed and fell back on the bed. Few strokes later I shot my load into her cunt. 

Gradually our motions slowed. We continued to make soft "ahhhh" sounds. We both opened our eyes. Our lips drew together and kissed a long tender kiss. I rolled off her when my laurda (cock) became soft and flopped out of her heavenly fuck tube.

We lay in each other's arms for a long time savoring the intense pleasure we had just experienced. 

'Congratulations, my dear, you are a woman now,' Ruby said kissing Nagma. 

'At last,' Nagma giggled. 

'How was it?' Ruby asked. 

'Fantastic. I had never imagined that fucking could be so wonderful,' NagmaI said. 

'Would you like to see how your freshly deflowered choot hole looks like,' Ruby said. 

'Oh yes, I'd like it very much,' Nagma said. 

Ruby gave Nagma a hand mirror. Nagma placed the mirror in such a manner that she could see her cunt hole oozing my cum streaked with blood of her shattered virginity. 

'Sahebji's laurda has made my small bur much bigger,' she giggled. 

'That's right. My dear, now clean Sahebji's lund,' Ruby said. 

'I'll get a towel,' Nagma said starting to get off the bed. 

'Not with the towel, my dear, lick and suck it clean,' Ruby said. 

Without hesitation Nagma took my cock, stained with the blood of her virginity, in her hand and started to lick and suck it. My cock started to get big. Nagma continued to suck my cock till it stood in all its glory. 

'Nagma, you've made Sahebji's cock big and hard again,' Ruby said, 'enjoy it.' 

'No ma'am it is now your turn,' Nagma said. 

'No, today Sahebji's cock is all yours,' Ruby said. 

Then for the next few minutes they argued about whose turn it is. 'All right, let Sahebji decide whom he'll like to fuck,' Ruby said. Nagma agreed. 

'You'll abide by what I suggest?' They both nodded. 

'Okay, Ruby you lie down; Nagma you eat her pussy and I'll fuck Nagma doggie style,' I said as I also wanted to screw Nagma's tight choot again. Reluctantly Nagma got into position. When everyone was in position I penetrated Nagma's choot from the rear and started the fuck motion. 

It was nearly thirty minutes before I spurted my cum in Nagma's choot. In the meanwhile Ruby, judging from her cries of ecstasy had five orgasms and Nagma drenched my cock with her cum four times. 

After we had finished we rested with me in the centre and Ruby and Nagma on my either side. 'Ruby, tell us who introduced you to cunt licking and when. After you Nagma will tell us her story,' I said lighting cigarettes for Ruby and myself. 

'I've asked her this many times but she has never told me,' Nagma complained. 

'All right,' Ruby giggled, 'first I must drink something. I am parched.' 

'I'll get a cold drink for you,' Nagma volunteered. 

'Wait, I've a suggestion. It is getting late for dinner. Let us go to the dining table. There we can drink wine and eat dinner and I'll tell you my story,' Ruby said. 

The suggestion found favor with everyone and we adjourned to the dining table. When I was pouring out the wine Nagma said, 'No wine for me as I don't drink.' 

'There is first time for every thing,' Ruby said, 'like you fucked today for the first time similarly try a glass of wine also. You'll enjoy it.' 'If you say so I'll try,' Nagma said. After I had served everyone, I said, 'Ruby, now you can start.' 
