 I woke up to a pair of warm bodies against me. One on each shoulder and side. I just lay still, not opening my eyes. I had a hip in each hand. There were two arms and hands on my stomach and chest. There was a leg wrapped over each of mine. Fuzzily I thought how comfortable and cozy warm I was cuddled up here in bed.

Slowly a nagging voice in my head asked, "What's wrong with this picture...? What bed...? You're laying on the living room floor, stupid."

I slowly opened one eye. There was a ceiling up there. "Ok...." I opened the other eye. I lowered my line of sight. "Wrong! Not the living room... the bedroom.... Ours.... Ok." Not turning my head, I let my vision travel up the two warm bodies. "Karen on my left. Sue on my right.... Ok."

The fuzzes were fading, but I had no idea what was going on. I hadn't the foggiest idea of how I got to the bed, or when for that matter. From the light coming in the windows it wasn't long after daylight. Where were Kim and Matt? The bed was on the floor all right. I slowly turned my head first one way and then the other. Nope. They weren't here.

I closed my eyes and ran a mental search. I turned out all the pockets, looked in all the nook and crannies. What had went on before I fell asleep seemed to all be there. From there to here was a total blank. I mentally shrugged and decided to wait for the girls to wake up.

I dozed back off.

*****

I awoke the second time to a warm mouth and tongue on each nipple. I lay still, kept my eyes closed and enjoyed the sensations. I moved my arms up and cupped a breast in each hand. I caressed the hardening nipples with my palm, just barely grazing the warm satiny skin with my fingertips. There were little hums of pleasure added to the tongues.

I opened my eyes. Kim and Matt were coming through the door with a tray loaded with the coffeepot and cups. Sue and Karen moved up and kissed me one after another, long, and soundly. Kim and Matt joined us and handed out the coffee. I sat up and took mine. Kim leaned in and kissed me. Matt just grinned at me.

Something was out of place. I knew it, but couldn't put my finger on it. I looked the four people, my loves, over closely. I stared at Kim hard and asked, "What day is this?"

Karen looked at me and said, "Saturday. The guests get to go home today. Are you all right? I know you have a nasty knot on your head but you're fine according to the doctor. You were only out for a little less than an hour."

I looked at her and shook my head. "What knot and what doctor?" I asked reaching up and rubbing my head. There was a large lump on the back of my skull. It was tender and sore. I winced.

"That knot, knot head," Matt said with a chuckle. 

I looked at him hard. "How did Kim's hair grow back in so fast? I had to be out longer than a few hours. And how did I get this knot? Who used a frying pan on me and why?"

There were strange mystified looks all around. "What hair are you taking about?" Kim asked.

"There was no frying pan involved with your head," Sue put in. "You fell on the porch steps yesterday afternoon. You missed a step and hit your head on the edge of the porch."

"Greg, Ken, and I carried you in and Karen called the doctor from the clinic in town," Matt said. "The doctor arrived just before you came around. He checked you over and talked to you for a few minutes. He gave you some aspirin and a pain pill and told you to stay in bed for a while."

"You went to sleep before he left. You slept through the barbecue and beer bust. It was a pretty good party. We all checked on you from time to time. You seemed to be sleeping normally except you were rolling around and restless," Karen added.

"Karen and I were worried about you. So was everyone else. We left the party early and came in to lay down with you. We must have fallen asleep ourselves," Sue said.

"Matt and I stayed with the party until everyone had wandered off home. We cleaned everything up and stacked the dishes in the sink. We slept upstairs so as not to disturb you. We got up early, finished the kitchen, and made coffee," Kim finished.

"That should have you up to the current time.... What's the deal about Kim's hair?" Karen asked.

I looked around at the faces before me. I believed what they told me but I also believed what my mind told me. I handed my coffee cup to Sue and leaned toward Kim. She was sitting on her lower legs and feet. Her legs were spread slightly for balance. I ran my hand slowly over her thin, soft muff. It was real and the same as it always was. Warm at the top and hot at the bottom.

"It's a little early and I wanted to finish my coffee but..." Kim started and then laughed.

"No wait," I broke in. "I'm just checking. My memory tells me that you shaved it bare late yesterday afternoon.... So did all the rest of the ladies here. Shara had an arrow and Beth was totally bare. Sandi had a patch covering only her mound. Karla and Martha had just a strip above the slit."

Everyone started talking at once. Kim quieted everyone back down. "Maybe you had better tell us what you remember as happening after we got back to the camp yesterday," she softly said to me.

I did, more or less. The details were slowly fading. The main events were still quite clear. When I finished Matt said, "Damn, he had a better party then we did. Why weren't we invited? Or were we? We were there but didn't get to enjoy it."

"Hush Matt. This is serious," Kim said looking hard at Matt. She turned and looked at me. "You don't remember hitting your head or talking to the doctor?"

"No, I don't. What I do remember as happening is getting fuzzy and jumbled. Almost like a dream. I remember waking at dawn and thinking something wasn't right but I couldn't figure out what." I replied slowly.

Karen put her arm around me and said, "You just take it slow and easy. It sounds like you have a little memory lose and a vivid imagination where dreams are concerned.... Although you did have one hell of a hard-on last night... I was tempted to..." She kissed my cheek.

"So was I," Sue interrupted with a grin. "You know me and temptation.... I woke up before daylight for a nature call. You were moving your hips so invitingly; I couldn't pass it up. I confess! I ate the whole thing."

Everyone laughed. Karen said, "Sue, how dare you? Taking advantage of a hurt man like that... and you didn't wake me up! Shame on you!"

We all laughed again. Sue and Karen grinned at each other. Sue leaned over and kissed one of my cheeks, Karen the other. "Here finish your coffee and let's get our guests on their way. Karen's right about you taking it easy," Kim said.

Kim had gotten up and was refilling everyone's cup. When she finished and sat the pot back on the tray she looked down at the hair over her sex. She slowly ran her hand over the area and looked at me. 

"How did I look all smooth and bare? I like the way Karen and Sue look with their slick hairlessness. I'd just never thought of trying it myself."

I looked at her hand moving delicately over the area in question and smiled. I looked at her face and winked. "I thought it looked great shaved but I'm partial to the smooth, slick look. Maybe you should try it at least once. You may like it. It'll always grow back if you don't."

She smiled and looked down again. She picked up her coffee and sat back on the bed. She looked closely at Karen and then at Sue. The three all smiled and got off the bed and headed for the bathroom. Matt and I looked at each other and we both grinned.

We sat drinking our coffee and talked of the sports team he was going to work with. When we finished the coffee we took the tray and went to the kitchen. After pouring another cup apiece and rinsing the pot, we headed for the front porch to wait for the girls.

The Whites and the Everett's walked up with their bags. They asked how I felt. With a quick glance at Karla and Sandi's full bushes I said, "Fine, just a little disoriented."

Matt seeing my glance laughed. "That lump on your gourd is not what's got you disoriented."

I looked at him and laughed myself. The two couples looked at us with puzzled expressions. The arrival of Beth, Greg, and Martha postponed any questions. 

They asked how I was, as did Tom and Shara when they walked up.

My eyes widened as I looked at Shara. She had a freshly shaven muff with an arrow point pointing at her clit. I looked hard at Matt. He chuckled and winked as he stood up and walked off. He was going for the truck to carry the baggage to the gate. 

The girls came out of the house talking and laughing. Hellos were exchanged all around. Karen asked, "Well is everyone ready to get back to civilization?" There was a chorus of no's from almost everyone.

Everybody was laughing and there was a lot of good-natured kidding all around. Everyone was loading their luggage into the old jeep pickup. I stood up and started off the porch.

Sue stopped me at the bottom of the steps. "Where do you think you're going? You just sit back down in that chair and relax. We'll escort them to the gate."

"Hey, I can walk to the gate and back. My heads hurt not my legs," I shot back at her.

Karen walked up to me and stood with her hands on her hips. "You'll listen to Sister Sue and do as she says or I'll add a matching knot on the other side of that rock you call a head. You're to rest. That's the doctor's orders and you'll obey them. Kim, dearest, would you be good enough to keep our husband company while we're gone?"

Kim walked over by Karen and Sue. "I'd be happy to. I know where you keep the frying pan. Do you suggest the number ten size or the number twelve?" All three of my wives laughed.

"I guess I'll have to be a good boy." I turned to the four couples and Martha. "I'm glad to have met and got to know all of you. You are all really good people. I hope your stay here has been pleasant and helpful for you all. Thank you for coming. I hope you will come back for a visit from time to time. The clinic in town always has our schedule. When there's not a group here, you're all welcome."

All nine people gathered around me. There were hugs and kisses or handshakes from each and every one of them. The good-byes and well wishes were heartfelt and in some cases tearful. They waved as they started up the road toward the gate. I was sorry to see them go.

When they were out of sight, Kim took my hand. We walked up the steps and sat in the swing. We were quiet and thoughtful for a while. Kim put her arm around me and smiled. She kissed my cheek.

"You haven't even noticed, have you?" She asked. 

I looked at her and tilted my head. She stood up in front of me and slid her hand down across her trim stomach to her smooth slick sex. She covered it with her hand, teasingly. I reached out and moved it.

"I like it. Do you?"

"I don't know for sure. It is more sensitive and somehow more sensuous. I feel more nude with the hair gone then I did the first time I was in a group with no clothes on." She laughed and leaned over to kiss me.

I returned the kiss and pulled her down on my lap. Where she settled on my thigh, it felt like a branding iron. As the kiss intensified, I held her and stroked her back and hip. She wiggled and let her hands slid up and down my back.

She broke the kiss and laid her head on my shoulder. "I'm going to miss you, Karen, and Sue. I love you all... so very much.... You have something that very few ever find, true and un-abiding love and trust. I think Matt and I can take that with us. I hope so, anyway. We're sure going to do our very best to make it work. We've had good teachers and roll models."

I hugged her tightly. "You are loved by us all. You'll always be with us. You and Matt will make it work. You've already got a good start."

She cut me off with a kiss and got off my lap. She stood in front of me and spread her legs wide. She ran her hands over and around her breasts and gently pinched the hard dark nipples. She ran her hands down over her stomach and between her thighs. She moved her hands apart spreading the lips of her sex.

I slipped forward off the swing and to my knees. I leaned my face close to her and blew gently up and down the open slit. She drew a sharp breath. I ran my tongue lightly over, then around her hooded clit. She made a hissing sound. I sucked it between my lips and ran my tongue slowly around it again. 

She placed one hand behind my head and raised the other to her breasts. I let her clit slowly slip out from between my lips while sucking gently. She jerked as it popped loose of my mouth. I slowly licked and kissed the whole of the newly shaved area. She shivered and held my head tighter. 

Slowly I stood up allowing the head of my hard manhood to graze along the edges of the swollen partially open lips. She shivered again.

Turning her around, I sat her down on the edge of the swing and moved her left foot to the seat. I blew up and down the slit again. My tongue moved all over the smooth bare flesh with tiny flicking licks. She had both her hands on her breasts. I flattened my wide tongue against her and licked slowly up the outer edge of each fat swollen lip.

I sucked first one then the other lip into my mouth and bathed it lavishly with my tongue. She squirmed and moaned softly. I licked the outer lips again. She grabbed my head and pushed it against her hot, wet opening. I ran my tongue around the outer edge and just inside the opening. She squirmed and pressed forward against my mouth. I continued to tease the opening.

"Don't tease any more. Stick your tongue in me... please! Now, please!" she pleaded.

I stabbed my tongue as deep as it would go and swirled it around. She jerked on my head as her hips bucked and hunched against my face. She moaned loudly. "Yes...! Oh, yes...! Yes!" 

Her orgasm was strong and tasty. I kept my tongue working as deep as I could until she subsided. I slowly licked upward along the slit almost but not quite to her clit. I reversed and licked slowly down across her hot opening and anus. 

Kim still had a hold on my head. When my tongue crossed the tight ring she pulled on my head. I ran the stiffened point of my tongue around the puckered opening several times. I pulled back slightly and puffed a breath of warm air across it.

She pulled again. I came forward and jabbed the point of my tongue into the opening. She took a sharp breath. I repeatedly rammed my tongue against the tight circle of muscles. It would enter just a slight bit more each time. I circled it several times and licked back across her opening back toward her clit.

I stopped just short of touching it. She pulled on my head. I tightened my neck muscles and didn't move. "Suck it now... Suck it hard!" she almost yelled.

When I still didn't move. "Please, Mark.... Please," she pleaded with a whimpering moan.

I touched it with the tip of my tongue and held it still. Her hips wiggled, sliding the hard, un-hooded nub around on my tongue tip. She made a soft whining sound.

Dropping my head forward, I sucked the bud between my lips and flicked it hard. Her hips jerked with each flick. I sucked harder and rolled its growing length. She pressed up harder against my tongue and lips. I flicked it slowly. She rolled her hips and groaned. I slowly released her clit and took a long lick downward to her anus.

I licked all the way back up. When my tongue rode across her clit she pushed my head away and stood up. She turned around and got back in the swing on her knees. She had her hands on the seat back and bent over sticking her ass out. I stuck my tongue into the flooded, wide-open center of her sex. She groaned again, deeper and louder. I rocked the swing back and forth riding her on my stiffened lingual muscle. Her hips shook and then quivered. I ran my tongue down and around her hard pulsing clit. She jerked. I ran my tongue back up across her opening and anus. She wiggled and rotated her butt.

When I licked at her opening again, she moaned and said, "Put something larger in there.... It wants to be fed.... Tube steak will be just fine. Lots of it... and raw is all right.... I'll cook it for you."

I laughed as I stood up. "You've got the hottest oven I know of." 

She started to say something, but my shaft sliding in to bump hard on her cervices cut her off. She grunted and then groaned, and wiggled her ass from side to side. I groaned myself. 

"That isn't an oven.... It's a blast furnace." I told her.

Her vagina was clutching and squeezing my shaft in waves and pulses. I was about to go up in flames. It only took half a dozen strokes and I came with a long hard jetting spurt. Kim hunched back against me about three times and exploded. The heat and tightening grip of her inner sleeve were fantastic. I just held on as she came hard, again and again.

My knees were weak and my legs shaky by the time she stopped. I was half supporting myself on her hips. There were shivers and jerks running up and down my still hard shaft. It was jerking and jumping with a mind of it's own. Kim's harsh breathing matched my own.

Our breathing slowly returned to normal. I was still shaky and weak. Kim finally straightened up in the swing and I eased out of her. She stepped down as I held the swing. She wasn't in much better shape than I was. We supported each other as we went inside.

We made it as far as the couch. I lay down and Kim snuggled and cuddled against my chest and shoulder. Her hand and arm were on my chest and her thigh and leg were over mine. I lay there a few moments listening to her slowing breath. I could feel her heart against my ribs. She trembled and snuggled tighter as I hugged her to me. I was drained and so very tired.

*****

A soft kiss woke me. Karen was looking into my face when I opened my eyes. Kim was still asleep, cuddled under one of my arms, and wrapped around me. Karen smiled and kissed me again. 

"I see you are taking the doctor's advice," she whispered. I grinned at her and nodded.

"You finish your nap. I just wanted to let you know Sue, Matt and I are going to take the rest of the day off and relax. Everyone got away all right and Tom and Shara will be back next weekend for a few days." She grinned and kissed me a third time.

I grinned back at her and snuggled against Kim and went back to sleep. 

*

The end.

Maybe.

Maybe not.