 To refresh your memory I reproduce below the last lines of part 1:

'Well you are too late to take my cherry but are in time to fuck me again,' she giggled, catching my cock and pulling me on top. 

We had a very satisfying fuck. Several times I thought of bringing up the subject of Priya's admission but just couldn't and decided to ask her at the time of leaving. 

After fucking her two more times I prepared to leave. 'Ruby, will Priya get admission?' I asked hesitatingly. 

'She should with the Deputy Secretary's recommendation but the Admission Committee has the last word,' she replied. 

As I was leaving, she said, 'Sahebji, drop in whenever you like. I'm usually at home in the evenings.' 

Now for part 2:

Next morning I reached Kiran's flat as Priya was leaving. 

'Hello Sahebji, what are you doing here?' Priya asked. 

'I thought I was supposed to come today to see the rest of your mausi's paintings,' I replied. 

'Sorry, I had forgotten,' Priya said apologizing, 'Good that you have come. After seeing mausi's paintings you wait here. I'll go and deposit the admission form and then we'll go sightseeing.' 

'Will do,' I replied. 

'We don't have much time. Let us go to the bedroom. You promised me your asshole today,' I said to Kiran as soon as Priya left. 

'Mujhe yaad hai lakin pahele meri choot ko chodo phir gaand maar lena (Yes I know but first fuck my cunt then you can fuck me in the asshole),' Kiran said. 

'Then hurry,' I said starting to undress. 

We fucked once in the missionary position and when I was fucking her in her asshole the telephone rang. 'Kiran, answer the phone,' I said withdrawing my cock from her asshole. 

'Aapne apna laurda meri gaand main se kyon nikal liya (Oh why have you taken your cock out),' she moaned. 

'The phone is ringing,' I said. 

'Let it ring. Hurry, put your cock in my asshole again,' Kiran said. 

'If it is Priya then she will wonder why you are not answering,' I said getting off her. 

'She had to phone when I had just started to enjoy myself,' Kiran murmured under her breath and walked naked to the phone to answer it. She returned after few minutes and said smiling broadly, 'It was Priya. She said that she'll be delayed and she'll meet you at your hotel at three.' 'Did she give a reason?' I asked.

'Yes, she said something about attending classes. I was not paying attention. If you are interested you can ask her when you meet her. Ab jaldi se apna laurda meri gaand main dalo (Now hurry and put your cock back into my butt,' she said getting into gaand fuck position.

There was no hurry now. After fucking Kiran in her asshole I ate Kiran's pussy then we fucked some more. 

After eating lunch I left. I reached my hotel shortly before three. When Priya arrived we went sightseeing. At teatime, I asked, 'What happened? Why were you delayed?' 

'When I was about to leave after depositing the form the principal called me and said, 'Priya, I think that you should consider attending classes as you have already missed a lot of studies.' 

I was overjoyed thinking that I'd been admitted and started to thank her. 

'I didn't say that. The Admission Committee has yet to decide on your application but if their decision is in your favor then these classes will stand you in good stead in future and if they decide against you then no harm is done. You'll have learnt something. Decision is yours,' she said. 

'I decided to attend the classes therefore I got delayed,' Priya laughed. 

'Good girl, you must keep Miss Abraham happy,' I said.

'That's what I thought,' she giggled. 

'Intelligent girl but now tell me what happened on the train,' I said. 

Her expression changed immediately. 'My God, how many times must I tell you that nothing happened,' she said getting irritated. 

'Something did happen and you don't want to tell me,' I said smiling. 

'There is nothing to tell,' she said getting up, 'let's go.'

At six thirty she returned home. 

On Wednesday morning I made sure to reach Kiran's flat after Priya had left. I returned to my hotel after Kiran and I had enjoyed ourselves. 

On reaching my hotel I rang up my customer. The right person was not available and I was asked to call back around seven in the evening. 

Priya arrived at three. We went shopping. When we were walking back to my hotel, I asked, 'Priya, please tell me what happened on the train.' 

She stopped and with fire in her eyes said, 'Sahebji, you are the limit. Every evening you ask the same question and my answer is the same. Why don't you believe me?' 

'I know you saw something and I will not rest till you have told me what you saw,' I said. 

'Can we talk about something else,' she said sarcastically, 'I'll never tell you what I saw.' 

When she had gone home I rang up my customer and fixed my presentation for Tuesday at 2 p.m. 

Next day, I fucked Kiran in the morning as usual and Priya came to pick me up for sightseeing at three. When we returned to the hotel, I asked, 'Priya, yesterday you said you saw something. Tell me what it was.' 

'No I won't,' she said blushing. 

'Please,' I requested. 

'Never,' she said getting up, 'one more word on this subject and I'll leave.' 

'Sit down,' I laughed and changed the subject. 

After she had gone home I decided to visit Ruby. I bought some Chinese food from a take out, a bouquet of flowers and bought two bottles of red Beaujolais. Then I arranged them my in a basket and arrived at her doorstep around eight. 

Ruby opened the door. Her face was flushed and she was breathing heavily. She was dressed in her housecoat like last time. 'Sahebji, come on in,' she panted. 

'Are you okay?' I asked. 

'Yes, I am all right. My friend and I were watching TV,' she said. 

'If it is inconvenient then I'll come some other day,' I said.

'Don't be silly. You are always welcome. Is this basket for me?' she said taking it from me. 

'Yes, I have brought some Chinese food, red wine and flowers for you,' I replied. 

'I love Chinese food,' she said, 'Come and sit down while I put the food away.' 

'I'll help you with the wine bottle,' I said following her into the kitchen. 

When we entered the sitting room with glasses and the wine bottle, I noticed that it was empty. 'Where is your friend?' I asked. 

'On the sofa,' she giggled pointing to a dildo. 

I examined it. It was not an ordinary dildo. It was made of India rubber and had balls made of soft rubber attached to it and an inlet to fill liquid in it, which squirted from its tip by pressing the balls. The dildo was still wet. Apparently Ruby was using it when I rang the bell.

'So this fellow took your cherry,' I said with a twinkle in my eyes.

'In the absence of a real man this was the only alternative I had,' she giggled. 

'Sorry for the interruption, you can continue if you want,' I said and offering the dildo to Ruby. 

'CAREFUL, DON'T PRESS...' Ruby shouted. Her warning came too late. I had inadvertently squeezed the balls. 

'Oops,' I exclaimed, dropping the dildo on the floor, as some white liquid spurted from it on me. 

I bent down to pick it up and gave it to Ruby. 

'I don't require it now. I've the real McCoy,' she giggled grabbing my cock and pulling me towards the bedroom. 

'What was the whitish liquid?' I asked brushing it off my clothes. 

'It was only lukewarm milk,' she said. 

We undressed. When Ruby took off her housecoat I noticed that she was not wearing anything underneath it.

'Sahebji, lie down on the bed and let me welcome your cock properly,' she said taking my cock in her hand and started to lick it. 

I was surprised that she sucked cock like a veteran. She knew what men liked. She licked my cock from its hairy roots to the head. She twirled her tongue around its swollen head. She licked my thighs and gently licking and squeezing my crown jewels. She kept switching from one operation to the other. 

Soon a big drop of pre cum appeared on the tip of my cock and with a flick of her tongue she swallowed it. After a while she took my cock in her mouth and commenced to suck it. 

'OH RUBY, it feels sooo good,' I moaned closing my eyes to enjoy the sensation her warm mouth was producing. 

Soon I felt my sperm rising. My cock became bigger and harder. Ruby must have noticed it because she released my cock and went to work on my thighs and my nuts. 

'OH WHY HAVE YOU STOPPED?' I moaned. 

Ruby smiled naughtily. She started to suck my cock again after giving my sperm few minutes to settle down. Just as I was about to cum she stopped. She did this a couple of times. I wanted to cum desperately. 

Next time when I was about to cum, I caught her head and shouted, 'Y...HES RUBY GO ON. DON'T STOP. I AM ABOUT TO CUM.' 

She nodded and continued to bob her head up and down. 

'FASTER RUBY FASTER, Y...HESSS OH Y...HESS I AMMM COOOMMMMINNNG,' I screamed starting to spurt my-cum into Ruby's mouth. 

Ruby continued to suck till my balls were empty. 

'Oh Ruby, this was great,' I said kissing her. 

We drank wine in bed. Then fucked and ate dinner. After dinner, I asked Ruby, 'Has anyone fucked you in your asshole?' 

'Of course not, why?' she replied. 

'Then I'll take your asshole cherry tonight,' I said. 

Ruby didn't react. She stared at me for a minute or so then she said, smiling, 'Why not, I'll try anything once.' 

'Do you have Vaseline?' I asked. 

'No,' she said. 

'Bring some cooking oil in a small bowl,' I said. 

'Now what?' she said fetching the oil. 

'Get on the bed on all fours with your head down and your butt in the air,' I said. She did what I told her. 

When she was in gaand fuck position then I started to apply oil on her puckered hole.

I applied oil out side and then inserted one then two fingers in her ass hole and rotated them to lubricate the internal passage of her butt tube. 

'Oooo, it feels so nice,' Ruby moaned. 

Then I applied oil on my cock. 'Are you ready?' I asked placing my cock on her rear entrance. 

'Yes but please be gentle,' she said. 

'Of course my dear,' I replied and holding her firmly lunged forward. 

'AAAAYYYYYYYIIIIIEEEEEEEE,' she screamed as my cock buried itself to the hilt inside her butt. 

'SAHEBJI, I SAID GENTLY,' she groaned. 

'This is the least painful way to take an asshole cherry,' I said commencing the fuck motion and simultaneously rubbed her cunt. 

Her ass hole was very tight. After fucking her butt for ten minutes, I panted, 'Ruby, your ass hole is very tight. I am enjoying it very much).' 

Ruby did not reply. She lay moaning softly with her eyes shut. 'Kyon mazaa aa raha hai? (Are you enjoying it?)' I asked. 

'Y...hes it feels very nice,' she moaned. 

I felt my seed rising. My strokes became faster and shorter. 'Y...HESS SAHEBJI GO ON DON'T STOP AAAAHHHHHHHHHH,' she shouted in ecstasy. Just then I filled her gaand (asshole) with my cum. 

'Was it very painful?' I said lighting cigarettes for both of us. 

'It hurt only when your cock entered my gaand otherwise I it was very enjoyed it very much,' she said, 'More wine?' 

'Yes, please,' I said. 

'Sahebji, have you fucked Priya?' 

'She is my cousin,' I replied. 

'Cousin my foot, I've been a teacher for a long time and instinctively know when some one is lying,' she said laughing, 'have you or have you not fucked her.' 

'I met her only a few days back on the train coming here,' I said. 

'That doesn't matter,' she said, 'Tumne mujhse kaha tha ki tumhain kori choot phardene main mazaa ata hai (You told that you enjoy deflowering girls).' 

'Yes, I did,' I said. 

'Mujhe yakeen hai ki uski choot kori hai. Meri baat maano aur uski choot phard do (I am sure that she is a virgin. Take my advice and pop her cherry),' she said, 'She is in love with you and will not give you any trouble.' 

'I'll try my best,' I said. 

After a couple of glasses of wine we fell asleep in each other's arms. When I woke up it was past eleven. I wanted to leave but Ruby insisted that I fuck her one more time. We fucked again. When I was leaving, she said, 'Sahebji, Priya is a nice girl. I like her. Don't make her pregnant.' 

'Don't worry if and when I fuck her I'll take full precautions,' I said. 

'Take these tablets with you,' she said putting the half full bottle in my pocket, 'I trust them more than all other methods put together.' 

'What about you?' I asked. 

'Don't worry, I have more,' she replied.

When I reached my hotel a message from my client was waiting for me stating that I should meet them at nine in the morning for some urgent discussions. 

In the morning I rang up Kiran. 'Sorry Kiran I won't be able to come today,' I told her.. 

'Kya koyi aur milgayi hai chodene ko (Have you found some else to fuck,' she giggled. 

'Kaash mil gayi hoti (I wish I had found one),' I laughed, 'no, I've a meeting.' 

'When do I see you again?' Kiran asked. 

'Tomorrow morning at the usual time,' I replied. 

'I'll be waiting,' she said signing off. 

When I returned to my hotel after the meeting I felt very tired. I changed into my pajama suit and went to sleep. 

Insistent ringing of the doorbell woke me. It was quite dark in the room. Practically no light filtered through the heavy window curtains. I switched on the bedside table lamp and looked at my watch. It was nearly three in the afternoon. 

'It must be Priya,' I thought. 

I jumped out of bed and after opening the door quickly got into bed again and sat half reclining on the headrest. 'Why didn't you open the door? I have been ringing the bell for the last five minutes,' she said making a face and looking around for a chair. 

'Sorry, I was asleep,' I yawned and patting the bed beside me, added, 'sit here.' 

She sat down and with a very serious expression, said, 'Sahebji, I've something important to tell you.'

'Tell me,' I replied. 

'M...Miss Abraham called me today and said....' she said and stopped. 

'Priya... what did she say?' I asked getting worried. 

'S...She said...she said that the Admission Committee has approved my application,' she said with a straight face. It took me a few seconds to realize what she had said. 

'You devil, you had got me worried,' I said slapping her playfully on her back. 

'Oh Sahebji, I am so happy,' she said laughing happily. 

'Congratulations, I'm very happy for you,' I said. 

'Thank you, it's all because of you,' she said. 

'I didn't do anything. You got admission because of your mausaji spoke to the man from the ministry,' I said. 

'No, if you had not persuaded me to go back to the college then what would the man from the ministry have done,' she said. 

'Well, if you put it that way then thank you,' I said modestly. 

'I wish I could do something for you too,' she said. 

'There is something,' I said. 

'What?' she asked. 

'You promise to do it,' I said. 

'Of course, if I can,' she said. 

'Then tell me what happened in the train,' I said. 

'Oh my God, you are still stuck on it. No, I won't,' she exclaimed. 

'Priya, you promised,' I said. 

'Okay, I'll tell you but you'll have to close your eyes. It is very embarrassing,' she said blushing. 

'I've a suggestion. You close your eyes. This way I cannot cheat,' I said with a naughty twinkle in my eye. 

'Okay but no interruptions,' she said. 

'Mum is the word,' I said placing my finger on my lips. 

'I fell asleep as soon as I climbed up to my berth,' she started to narrate the story, 'Then something woke me I don't know what. I was about turnover and go to sleep again when I saw Amit gesticulating. Wondering what he was up to so I pretended to sleep and watched as to what happens.' 

'Soon I realized that Amit wanted Amita to come to him. After few minutes when Amita did not come, he stood up and peered at you then at me. Come, they are both fast asleep, he said or something similar. I could not hear clearly. Nothing happened. Then he pushed down his pajamas and exposed his....' She hesitated. 

'Lund (cock),' I prompted softly. 

'Eh, what was that?' she asked. 

'I said that it is called lund or laurda (cock),' I said. 

'I can't say that,' she said blushing. 

'Why not? There is no harm in calling a spade a spade. Say it. Yes, say lund (cock),' I coaxed her. 

'L...Lund standing in its full glory,' she continued blushing profusely. 

'Good girl, now continue,' I said. 

'He then caught Amita's arm and pulled her to his berth,' Priya continued, 'for a couple of minutes they lay kissing and while kissing Amit kneaded Amita's breasts and Amita held his lund in her hand. Then his hand disappeared under her sari.'

'Could you see this clearly?' I asked. 

'Yes, the night light was bright enough,' she said. 

'Are you sure or you are guessing,' I asked. 

'You want to hear what happened that night or not,' Priya said haughtily. 

'Sorry, I was just wondering. Okay, okay continue,' I said quickly.

'Where was I? Yes...he then pulled her sari above her waist exposing her...' she said, blushing. 

'You know what it is called,' I asked. She remained silent but her face took a deep red hue. 

'Then say it,' I prompted. 

'Exposing her ch...ch...choot,' she said covering her face with her hands, 'Her... choo...choot had no hair. Sahebji, why do women shave their pubic hair?' 

'To please their man because some men like a shaven choot,' I said. 

'Then he got on top of her and picking up her legs placed them on his shoulders. Then he pushed his l...lund into her choot. Amita spread her legs as Amit started to f...fuck her. Amit ...' she said. 

'And your hand crept inside your salwar and started to rub your choot,' I said interrupting her. 

'IT DID NOT,' she snapped. She opened her eyes and glared at me angrily. 'Yes, it did,' I laughed. 'How do you know?' she asked. 'Because I saw it,' I said. 

'YOU SAW IT? That means you were awake. You wicked man, you saw everything,' she said hammering my chest with her fists. 

'Hey, calm down,' I said catching her fists and pulling her to me,' I saw you but could not see what was going on under me. That is why I asked you. 

'Oh, I see,' she said placing her head on my chest. 

'Amit Amita ko chod raha tha (Amit was fucking Amit),' I prompted. 

'Haan, kuch der tak Amit Amita ko dheere dheere chodeta raha (Amit continued to fuck Amita for some time),' she continued, 'Amita's hips had started to move. Amit's strokes gathered speed. Amita's hips moved with the rhythm of Amit's strokes.' 

'Amit was fucking her with short and fast strokes. Their lips met. While they were kissing Amita's body arched and then fell back. Suddenly Amit pushed hard into her and stopped. Their kiss broke. They were panting and gasping for breath. Then Amit started to rock slowly.'

'They did nothing but kiss for the next ten minutes. I was about to go to sleep when Amit started to fuck her again. It was a repetition of the first time. When they had finished Amita, wiping her choot with her sari, returned to her berth. I also went to sleep. This is what happened that night. Satisfied?'

'You forgot to mention that you rubbed your choot while they were fucking for the second time,' I said. 

'What if it did,' she snapped glaring at me defiantly, 'it is my choot and I can rub it whenever I want.' 

'Of course you can. I was only setting the records straight,' I laughed. 

I could see that the outline of her hard nipples was visible through her tight blouse and her face was flushed. As I had hoped that reliving the events of that night had made her horny. I decided to go for her choot. 

'When you slept did you dream of fucking?' I asked.

'I did not,' she shot back. 

'But I did,' I replied mysteriously. 

'What did you dream?' she asked. 

'No, I can't tell you,' I said. 

'Sahebji, don't be mean. Please tell me,' she begged. 
