 "I can't believe you did that!" Becky shouted at me on the phone. 

I laughed, "Can't believe I did what?" 

"You wrote that we had sex in your journal! Bob read the damn thing! Now he's so damn pissed he wants to break up with me," Becky said, sounding upset. 

"So, I didn't say I wouldn't write about the fact we didn't have sex, I said I would write good things, and believe me babe, that was a good thing." 

Becky sighed, "Could you tell him that you lied?" 

I laughed again, "Nope, will not." 

"Please?!?" She begged, then muttered "I'll do anything..." 

"Fine, get over to my house in 20 minutes," I replied. 

I hung up the phone and went into my bedroom. I took out my video camera and placed it on my entertainment center. My room was a mess but who cares, it would help with camouflage. I threw some clothes over it after I focused it on the bed. I popped a tape into the VCR and picked up the phone. I set up my remote trigger on the door as I shut it on my way. 

"Hey Joe, yeah it's Bill, I got your birthday present, but we are going to have to share, if you wouldn't mind pick up Ed on your way too. What? A Piece of ass, what does she look like? Oh it's Becky. Yeah she's totally willing on the matter. Bee here in about 10 minutes....no, she's on the Pill. Later." 

I hung up the phone and heard a knock at my door. I went and sure enough it was Becky. She was wearing a hot black leather mini dress that clung tightly to her, as if she knew what was in store, but I'd shock her otherwise. 

"Okay, what do you want me to do first, lets get this over with," she said. 

"Well my dear, it's not quite like that," I said. 

She looked at me confused, "You see, I'm inviting a few friends over, you are going to be extremely friendly with them, and do there every desire and command. After it's all done, I'll call Bob and tell him that I lied." 

"How will I know this?" she questioned. 

"I'll call him on speaker phone and let you listen, I'll even let you dial the number." 

She muttered an agreement as the doorbell rang, "So when they come in, just sound super happy that you are doing this. Now go in the back and strip." 

Becky left to the back room, and I answered the door 

Joe and Ed came in. Joe is just under six feet tall. He had short brown hair and was wiry, thin muscle tone. Ed on the other hand was about six foot five, a dark black man that actually seemed to have alot of visible muscle tone. 

"Come-on boys, lets get this party started!" I said. 

Joe looked around "Where is Becky?" 

"She's in the back, and she's getting ready." 

Chapter 2 

I walked into his room noticing that it was a pig sty. His Bed

ironically was made though. I walked over to the bed, and slipped out of my shoes and mini dress. I was wearing a garter belt and no panties, stockings, and a sheer black bra underneath. The only reason I don't want to break up with Bob is because, well, he's rich, and doesn't require much attention in the sack. 

When Bob saw that in Bill's journal he was furious. He wanted to kick me to the curb thinking I was a total slut. I tried to plead with him saying it was just another one of his things to piss me off but Bob didn't believe me. So I'm once again forced to do this. 

I laid down on the bed and spread eagle. I put my hand between my thighs and closed my eyes. God I didn't realize how wet I was. I started to finger myself, getting lost in the feeling of it when I heard a voice. 

"Damn man your right, she is getting into it." said the voice. 

I looked up and noticed that it was two of Bill's friends, Ed and Joe. Joe looked like he didn't have much in the dick department, but Ed, well, Ed might put me in a world of hurt. I smiled and looked at the two of them, Bill coming into the room right after them "Who's first?" I said with a forced smile. 

Joe jumped into action and dropped his pants and jumped on the bed. He started to kiss me full on the lips and started groping at my tits that were in the bra. Surprisingly, he took it off like an expert. I started feeling down his body and noticed that even though he was skinny, he wasn't bony. I went to feel his small cock and I came to another surpised. 

It wasn't that small. 

I started to jack him off as he started sucking on my tits. His cock wasn't in the thickness department, but he could have easily fit into both of my hands length wise. I had to be a good ten inches long. He pulled away from me a pushed my head down his body until my head was at his cock, I knew what he wanted and sucked his cock into my mouth. He started moaning with delight as I swirled my tongue around it. His cock quickly hit the back of my throat. I gagged on it a little bit but was actually able to swallow it. 

"oh shit!" he moaned as I started to deep throat him. I turned him over on his back so I could really work on him, I was down on my hands and knees, bobbing my head up and down on his long cock, when I felt someone behind me playing with my pussy. I felt a sharp pain down there. 

It hurt like hell. It felt like someone was taking a baseball bat and sliding it into me. I stopped bobbing on Joe’s cock long enough to take whatever was entering me. It was huge. I was hurting so much that I started to get tears from my eyes. I continued sucking down Joe's cock and heard him gasping and moaning. I knew what was coming next. 

Joe lurched and shot alot of cum down my throat. This boy must have not had any sex for years. He just kept cumming and cumming. It overflowed from my mouth and dribbled down my chin. When he stopped cumming I started to lick him clean. He rolled off the bed and Bill took his place. Before I started on Bill I turned around and noticed that Ed was behind me shoving his big black cock inside of me. I went to work on Bill when I felt Ed withdraw. Joe came back on the Bed and slid underneath me, and then proceeded to shove his dick inside me where Ed was I was moaning with delight as I bobbed my head up and down on Bill's cock. 

I was thrusting my hips down on Joes cock, trying to get it all into me, when I felt something at my ass. I was about to protest when Bill grabbed my head and put it his cock deep in my throat. 

This felt like hell. Ed must have a cock that belongs to an elephant. He started to slide his cock into my ass. I started to bite down on Bill's cock, not enough to hurt him, but enough to tell him I was gonna get him. After Ed started pounding that fucker into me, god I was in pain. I knew at that moment I wasn't going to be able to sit for a week! They kept going at it triple teaming me. The thought of having 3 cocks inside me started to arouse myself unwillingly. I started pounding myself into the cocks inside of me and sucking off the one in my mouth fiercely. 

Joe was the first one to release, and he fired a shot deep inside of me. My pussy was getting flooded with his cum, and the thought of that brought me over the edge. I started moaning like crazy over the cock in my mouth. Next Ed started to come, firing a shot deep in my ass, and then forcefully flipped me over, barely missing Joe, but having to release the cock in my mouth, and Ed started spraying his cum all over my body. Bill's cock hung over my face and proceeded to cum all over my face. All this cum flying over the top of me, caused me to have a huge orgasm. 

"Oh god! Oh god! Yes! Cum on me!" I started shouting, I couldn't believe I was, but all this cum was turning me on so much. After Bill and Ed were done I was laying on the bed, in an orgasmic bliss. My god I never was so turned on in my life. 

The guys were panting. "Go take a shower," Bill said. 

Chapter 3 

Becky went off into the shower. Ed and Joe were getting dressed. 

"Dude," Joe said, "This was a hell of a present man, thanks!" 

"No problem, help yourself to some beers and get outta here, I got some business to take care of." I said with a wink to the guys. 

"Ahhhh yeah.....Bill is the stud," Ed said, I lead them to the kitchen where they took a couple of beers, and saw them to the door. 

"Geez Bill, you always complain about Becky being bad in the sack, she must have really improved when you had her up in Maine," Joe said. 

"Yes she has, she's now my personal slut," I replied. 

"No strings attached sex, that has to be the life," Ed said "Later man, We got another party to attend," Joe and Ed left immediately after that. 

I heard Becky moaning to herself in the shower. I think she was really enjoying what happened before. I slipped into the shower behind her. Her hair was all wet and she was lathered up and soap. She gasped as I grabbed her hips and rubbed my cock up and down the entrance of her pussy. 

"I did what you asked now leave me a looooooooooooooooooh god," she said as I slid my cock in behind her. She grabbed the wall and started to lightly moan as I pounded my cock into her from behind. I watched the water cascade down her as she moaned. 

"Oh god...I feel so hot...oh god I can't believe I took three large cocks at once, god it was hot!" she moaned, "Fuck me Bill...fuck me till I cum." and with that, I took my cock out, looked at her, grinned, and walked out. 

"You bastard!" She said from the shower and followed in pursuit. 

"Call Bob," I said, "then hit the speaker button. 

Becky looked at the phone and dialed, and hit the speaker. A man answered the phone. 

"Hello?" a man answered. 

"Is Bob there?" I said. 

"Speaking," said Bob "who is this?" 

"This is Bill I..." Bob interrupted me, "You damn bastard, fucking my damn girl, the only reason she left you is cause she doesn't love you." 

I laughed, "Bob Bob Bob, I didn't have sex with her." 

Bob gasped, "You didn't?" 

"No Bob, I didn't, I wrote that stuff to piss her off. Bob, I was also the one that dumped her, not the other way around. I won't go into that....good day." I hung up the phone. Becky looked at me with a smile on her face and headed to my room. She started to get changed and I hit rewind and play on the VCR. 

She just finished zipping up her mini dress and putting her heels on when she looked at the screen and her jaw dropped, she looked at me and said "What? Want memories?" she said sarcastically. 

"Nope, Blackmail." 

She dropped her jaw, "You wouldn't." 

I grinned evilly at her, "From now on, whenever I call you, you will be my personally slut. You will do whatever I ask of you, whenever I call you. If you don't do what I ask of you this tape will be sent to Bob. I don't think you'd be able to lie out of this. On the video she said happily "Who's First?" and I stopped it. 

She went to take off her mini dress "No, keep it on," I said and I sat on the bed. She got down on her knees and took me into her mouth. I loved the way her tits looked almost pouring out of the top of the dress as she started bobbing her head up and down on me. My closed my eyes and rolled them back as she sucked me deep down her throat. She continued to bob her head up and down my cock, wanting me to cum so she could get it over with. I felt my ball's churning and fill up. My cock shuddered and right when I was about to explode I took out my cock and shot a stream right on her cheek, I continued to fire all over the tops of her tits. Then I finished covering her face and shot a few streams in her hair. I put my cock back to her lips and shot my last stream of cum in her mouth which she swallowed quickly. 

I put my cock back in-between her lips and she started sucking with abandon again. A Few minutes after this I was totally hard and I removed myself from her lips. 

"Stand up," She did, and I lifted a little bit of her dress and entered her from behind. She started moaning as I felt her cunt clamp onto my cock as if it was hungry for it. She had her hands against my wall as I started pounding in and out of her drenched pussy. 

"Fuck me Bill, Fuck me, I'll be your slut! Oh god yeah fuck me with that big cock! MMMMMMMMMMMMM!" she moaned. Her head thrashed left and right as I grabbed her hips and fucked her with abandon. 

Chapter 4. 

Here I was, sitting looking at a mirror which my hands were against the wall. Behind me Bill was fucking me so damn hard it wasn't funny. I looked at myself in the mirror, my makeup was smeared, I had cum dripping down my face and over my tits. The stains will be a hell to get out of this dress. 

God the sex is good though. I felt Bill's cock continually hammering away at my Pussy. The shower helped settle it down and shrink it back to normal after I got the huge cocks in me. Bill though was alot better. I don't know why. Maybe it's the fact that I'm forced to do it. I never felt so submissive in my life and lord it was turning me on! 

"Fuck me Bill," I kept hollering, "Fuck me faster! Harder! Use my pussy! I want you to shoot your load inside of me!" I said, I felt an orgasm coming through my body, and then it hit me like a load of bricks, "OH GOD! OH GOD! FUCK ME! FUCK ME! PLEASE! FUCK ME! I'M CUMMING! OH GOD I'M CUMMING! CUM INSIDE ME BILL! SHOOT YOUR LOAD! PLEASE!" 

The Orgasm just went on and on as Bill stopped fucking me, he stayed still, but I felt his hard cock still inside of me as my Orgasm subsided, he exited me and sat down in a chair. I wasn't going to let him get away that easy so I followed him, straddled his cock, and sank down on it quickly. 

He just closed his eyes and moaned and I rode him like a bucking bronco. Oh his cock felt so good inside of me, it was nicely stretching me out. I grabbed on to his shoulders and thrusted down as hard as I could, I grinded my hips into his every time I went down, sending shockwaves to my clit. Then I felt it. It was like a shotgun blast in my pussy as Bill fired a shot deep inside of me, causing me to immediately cum. He fired a second one and took his cock out while I was shaking in orgasmic bliss, and proceeded to fire his load all over my dress. I sank down to my knees, still cumming, and fired the rest of his load onto my face and mouth. 

I went to clean myself off in the bathroom when he stopped me. 

"Sorry babe, you have to leave," he said. 

"But I'm a mess! I don’t need Bob seeing this!" she said. 

"Well you better get your ass moving," he said lighting up a cigarette. 

I walked out in a huff, and got into my car and pulled out. The cum was drying in my hair, on my face, and on my dress. I will admit though, I didn't really care, and I couldn't wait for the next call.