 Maggie walked up to her front door, looking forward to a few hours of peace and quiet. Her parents were out celebrating her father's varsity team's championship win, and most likely would not be back for a while. They probably also thought she would be out for a while; she had told them she would be meeting up with Chad, but what she had not told them is that she would break up with Chad tonight. If she had, they would probably try to talk her out of it; they both liked Chad.

To her surprise, when Maggie opened the door, she heard noise from upstairs. She snuck through the dark downstairs, and crept up the stairs, hearing a chanting-like noise. It was coming from her parents' bedroom, sounding like a dozen guys or so. Maggie was having a hard time making it out, so she moved closer, crouching. 

She was steps from the slightly ajar door, when she understood it.

"Fuck her!"

"Fuck her!"

"Fuck her!"

When she peeked into the room, she had to stifle a gasp. 

She recognized the two people on the bed. One of them was her mother, on her back. The other one was not her father; he was Thomas Morrison, the captain of her father's team. He had her mother's legs on his shoulders, and was steadily fucking her.

The chanting was coming from the other side of the room, past where Maggie could see. It spurred Thomas on, as he gripped her mother's hips and pumped rhythmically. Maggie could not help but be impressed by his physique, all rippling muscle. A few of her friends would always blush and giggle when he talked to them, and here he was, screwing her mother. 

But her mother was far from a passive participant. She was writhing on the bed, hands gripping at the sheets, moaning. Her hips moved to match his, meeting his thrusts. Maggie's eyes were drawn to where their bodies met. Every time Thomas pulled back, inches of his cock were visible, glistening with her juices. It was only for a second or so, before he slid back inside, her mother gasping at the sensation.

Maggie knew she should leave, knew she should do something, anything but stand there and watch her mother get fucked by someone she knew. Thomas had always been nice to her, and she could tell it was not just because she was his coach's daughter. And as far as watching her mother, she knew her father had to be involved; after all, it was the team he coached.

But something riveted Maggie to the spot. She pressed herself against the doorjamb, trying to peek around it, so that they would not be able to spot her. The two of them were so involved in having sex, however, that Maggie figured they would not spot her even if she were beside the bed.

The chanting continued, Thomas' teammates encouraging him. Maggie saw her mom say something to him, and Thomas held up a hand for a moment. The chanting stopped.

"What did you say?" Thomas asked, stopping for a second.

"Fuck me harder," her mother said, "what, do you think I'm seventy or something?"

Thomas laughed. "Coach, you fuck her every night?"

Maggie heard her father's laugh. "Yeah, I do. It would take an army to satisfy her."

Thomas laughed again, and started up, this time harder. His teammates had given up the chant, so the only sounds besides the occasional encouraging hoots were moans and grunts, accompanied by the sound of flesh meeting flesh. 

"You call that fucking me hard?" Maggie's mother taunted. "Jesus, Thomas, I'm not fragile!"

Thomas gritted his teeth, but his teammates erupted with laughter. In response, Thomas took her legs and bent them forward, pressing them against her chest. He raised himself up, and started fucking her again, giving her all of his strength. Every thrust forced a harsh moan from her mother's throat, until she was groaning non-stop. Thomas was putting a supreme effort into it, sweat rolling down his chest. His teammates started clapping, shouting to him, obviously rooting for him.

"How's that?" he asked, grinning at her.

"Fuck yes," she moaned. She tried to arch her back, to move to meet his thrusts, but he held her down, his large hands holding her legs tightly. Maggie watched his cock hammer into her mother's pussy. She could see now how wet her mother was, could see the trickling juices being mined by Thomas' prick.

It was not long before her mother cried out, writhing underneath Thomas' efforts. His teammates cheered for her orgasm.

"Fuck!" Thomas yelled. His thrusts quickly became more erratic and forceful, her mother yelping, her body quaking.

"Where do you want me to cum?" he asked.

"Such a gentleman," her mother gasped out, "do it wherever you want."

Thomas grinned. He gave her a series of frantic thrusts, before pulling out and leaping forward until he was crouching over her face. As her mother lay there, mouth wide open, Thomas jerked off. With a hoarse cry, he came, spurting thick semen all over her mother's face, a good amount spraying straight into her mouth. 

When he finished, he collapsed to the side, watching as her mother set to collecting the gift. Some of it had landed in her mouth, so she easily swallowed it, but the rest she scooped up, feeding it to herself. 

The hoots from the other side of the room picked up as Thomas dragged himself off the bed. He disappeared from Maggie's view, and all she could see was her mother reclining on the bed, happily snacking on Thomas' load. 

In the minute-long break in the action, Maggie realized that she was wet. She blushed, embarrassed, but also realized that at least nobody knew. She undid the button on her jeans and tentatively slid a hand inside. There was some murmuring from the unseen side of the room; Maggie tried to make out what they were saying.

Just when she gave up, another player swaggered into view, naked as the day he was born: Devin Guthrie, one of the team's better players. Maggie stared at his cock; it was certainly formidable. He climbed onto the bed, her mother watching him, as if waiting for something.

What she was waiting for became apparent when he rolled onto his back. "Ride me," he ordered.

Her mother eagerly complied, straddling him, her hungry pussy sinking down on his length. Devin groaned, feeling the heat and wetness surround him, his teammates laughing at his reaction. Her mother groaned back, and Devin took hold of her hips. As soon as the entirety was inside her she started to move, to ride him like he had told her. Devin's teammates kept silent at first, watching the two of them. Maggie was also watching intently, her hand now moving inside her panties.

"Coach," Devin grunted, "you're one lucky man, to get this pussy every night."

Her father and Devin's teammates laughed.

"Hell," Devin continued, "I feel lucky just getting her for now. This pussy's fantastic."

"Aww," her mother said, "you know just how to talk to a lady."

Whereas Thomas had actively fucked her mother, Devin was at first content to sit back and let her do the work. He lay there, wide smile on his face, watching as she bounced on him. Every so often he would curse, overcome by the feeling of her wet pussy gliding up and down his prick. Maggie had a great view of her mother's breasts moving to the beat, at least until Devin snaked a hand up to squeeze them. Her mother groaned at that, taking his hands, directing him, where to caress to get the best results.

Her mother was further along on the path towards orgasm, so after a few minutes, all she needed was to slide her hand down and stroke her clit. Devin watched as she screwed him while also pushing herself towards an orgasm. She came, this time quieter, shuddering, with only a gasp as the audible evidence. When she stopped moving on top of him, gathering herself, Devin took over, holding her there as he snapped his hips upwards. She moaned, and after a few seconds began to bounce again. They fucked each other, both involved, Devin now too turned on to simply lay back. Maggie was turned on now too, shivering against the doorjamb, doing her best to keep silent.

Cheers started up again. Maggie thought she could recognize distinct voices in the tumult. Devin and her mother continued without stopping. They set a steady rhythm, Devin's hands still at her breasts. He sat up briefly to replace his hands with his mouth, sucking hungrily at her nipples. After a few minutes, her mother pushed him back down, now fucking harder down onto his shaft. 

As they kept going, Maggie became aware of her own impending orgasm. Immediately she knew she wanted to cum with them. 

So she slowed. The two on the bed, however, were not about to slow or stop. They kept fucking; Devin was swearing like a sailor at this point, having laid back again to let her mother do all the work. His hands returned to her waist, where he gripped her tightly. 

"Fuck, I'm gonna cum," Devin finally groaned. Her mother sped up when she heard him.

Devin did not even bother to ask where her mother wanted it. He just started fucking again, pounding up into her, a cry building in his throat. He stopped her mother mid-bounce, holding her down, and yelled as he came, depositing a number of thick ropes into her pussy. For her part, her mother moaned, keeping still on top of him, eyes rolling back into her head as she took his load. Maggie sped up, her fingers rubbing frantically. When her own orgasm hit, she bit down on her other hand, the only sound a muffled squeak as she creamed her panties.

When he finished, Devin practically melted into the bed. Her mother laughed as she hopped off him.

"You okay?" she asked. A few of his teammates laughed.

"Yeah, I'm fine," he gasped, "that was just the best fuck of my life. And I've done a bunch of the cheerleaders."

Her mother laughed. "They don't know how to fuck. All they do is lie there and take it."

Devin nodded sagely, finally summoning the strength to move. He, like Thomas, disappeared from view. 

Maggie leaned on the doorjamb. As she watched, another player took his place and fucked her mother, then another, then another, until only one player was left. All of them were seniors from the varsity team. She knew every single one, since they were all in the same school year, and watched every single one. Most came inside her mother. A few went for her face, or her tits, covering them in copious spunk. The remaining ones made her suck the cum out, pulling out of her and pushing their engorged cocks into her mouth. Through it all, her mother kept going, kept cumming. Each one to go exhausted themselves, but her mother stayed ready and eager. Maggie herself came a bunch of times as well; she had lost count somewhere after six. At some other point she had run back to her room to take her pants off, and was now leaning against the doorjamb, hands again inside her panties.

The remaining player, James Ward, who had singlehandedly won the game with three late-game clutch plays, walked into Maggie's view. Where Thomas and Devin were well-muscled, abs and pecs and biceps looking as if they were carved from marble, James was lean and lanky. He climbed up onto the bed, wide smile on his face. Her mother smiled back. She was obviously tired, but ready to go again, rolling onto her hands and knees quickly. Whenever one of the players had cum on her, she had eaten up their load, but by now her body was glistening with sweat, her face and breasts also covered in a sticky residue from all the semen. 

"The hero of the game," she heard her father say, "gets to fuck her in the ass."

Again Maggie barely stifled a gasp. Her mother, however, wiggled her hips, trying to entice James, as if he would need it.

James reached out a hand, and someone's arm came into view, holding a bottle of what Maggie figured was lube. He squeezed some out, slathering it on his cock, and then put some on a finger, inserting it slowly into her mother' ass. She groaned as he prepared both of them.

Maggie watched, rapt, as James slid inside her mother. As he kept pushing, her mother moaned, clenching her fists. Maggie could not see the view from behind, but she had a clear view of James' wondering expression. He could see her asshole widen around his prick; she imagined it was one of the best experiences of his best life. She suddenly remembered that James had a girlfriend, Abigail Cole, and she wondered what Abigail would think if she could see this. 

Her mother's head was down, but with the room silent, she could her halting gasps from her as James continued fitting himself inside her. Again, Maggie began moving her fingers, rubbing against her slit. 

James cursed, already sweating. 

"How's her ass feel, man?" one of his teammates asked.

"Fuck, dude," he said, "it's so fucking good."

"You balls-deep?" another one asked.

James nodded. "It's fucking awesome, man, really. Better than anything I've ever had before. Fuck, like heaven."

Somebody laughed. "Better than Abby?" someone asked.

James chuckled. "Yeah, definitely."

"Oh, shit, that reminds me," he spoke up again, "can you get me my phone, man?"

An arm moved into view, holding his phone. James took it, but hesitated.

"Hey," he said to whoever was holding the phone, "can you take a few pictures? I promised Abby I'd send her some."

Maggie stifled a groan. As she kept touching herself, somebody stepped into her view. From the back, it looked like Devin. 

James reached down to her mother's hair, and pulled, yanking up her head. Her mother groaned, her face covered in an ecstatic expression.

"Smile," James said. Her mother's eyes focused, and she groaned again. Devin laughed, and took a few pictures. James started to move, her mother grinding back on him. After a few more pictures, Devin moved out of view, letting Maggie focus entirely on those two. Slowly but surely, James built up his pace, fucking her mother's ass. He was still holding onto her hair, so Maggie could see her mother bite her lip, grunting as she took the thrusts. The room was silent, and Maggie could hear a smacking sound. The image of their two bodies colliding sprung into her mind's eye. James sped up, the sound ramping up in intensity.

"Fuck, I won't last long in this ass," James groaned.

"So fuck it as hard as you can," came her father's voice.

The team laughed, James too. Nevertheless, he heeded her father's advice, pumping harder. He would not let go of her mother's hair, but she could not care, focused as she was on the feeling of his cock sawing in and out of her ass.

Maggie rubbed faster, biting her hand as James threw any remaining caution to the wind. He yelled, fucking furiously, her mother shouting, calling back to him, encouraging him. She did her best to throw herself back, helping him. The bed rocked roughly to their beat.

"Can I cum in her ass, coach?" James asked.

"Fuck, yes, cum in my ass!" her mother cried out, before her father could answer. James chuckled, having his answer.

He only lasted five or six more thrusts, before slamming into her ass, shouting, cursing, and as Maggie's mother matched his shouts, Maggie also came, imagining the river of hot spunk filling her mother's ass. As he emptied his balls, he let go of her mother's hair, letting her fall forward. Maggie heard her groan into the mattress. 

James collapsed forward, onto her mother. They laid there for at least a minute, James' teammates erupting into cheers. James chuckled, rolling off her mother, basking in their adulation. He was paying no attention to her mother, so when she dragged herself to his cock and closed her mouth around its head, he cried out in surprise. There were a few gasps from the teammates, and Maggie herself felt her jaw literally drop as she watched her mother eagerly suck on a cock that had recently been inside her ass. 

Her mother cleaned him off, from head to root, and then flopped onto her stomach, exhausted. The cheers erupted again, this time James looking pleasantly surprised. He rose from the bed, moving out of sight, and Maggie could hear his teammates interrogating him on how it felt. She heard his answers, and at the same time watched her mother lounge on the bed. Maggie wondered idly what her mother's freshly fucked asshole must look like, spread wide and leaking semen. At one point, James walked back into view, phone in hand. He directed her mother to spread her cheeks, and took a few pictures of her ass, for Abby's viewing pleasure.

She heard the teammates collecting things, and when she heard them moving towards the door, she dashed for her room, reaching it just in time. She waited, just inside the door, listening to the team leave, tramping downstairs and out of the house. After a few more minutes passed, Maggie snuck back to just outside her parents' room, their door still slightly ajar.

Her parents laid on the bed, nestled in each other's arms.

"That was fun," her mother murmured.

"I'm glad you enjoyed it," her father said. 

"You know what we should do next year if the team wins again?"

Her father shook her head.

"We should let the team fuck me and Maggie."

Her father snorted with surprise, Maggie managing to mask a gasp.

"You think she'd be up for it?"

"Yeah, definitely. We'd just have to figure out how to bring it up."

"Really?" her father asked. "You really think she'd want to do it?"

"Well," her mother said pensively, "she's a lot like me. She looks nice and normal, but trust me, she's got a wild side."

"You think so?"

"I know so. I guarantee you she'd love it."

"That'd be so crazy."

Her mother nodded. "The team would love it, even more than just me."

Her father answered, but Maggie's mind was elsewhere, fast-forwarding to next year. She found herself imagining it, on her hands and knees, one of her father's charges fucking her, her mother next to her also taking a cock. The image excited her.

As her parents chatted, Maggie snuck back to her room to keep imagining it.