 Kitty left the library, her head spinning. She had just finished her last term paper, and had returned the books she needed for her research. Sighing tiredly, she walked past the row of frat houses. From one of them, she heard the sounds of laughter and music. “Oooooh...just what I need, a party!”

She fluffed her hair, smoothing it over her ears. Her emerald eyes twinkled mischievously; she was ready for fun, ready to flirt and maybe take some little cutie back with her to her room. She tugged at her flouncy plaid skirt, giggling as it sprang up, revealing her smooth, firm thighs. Her white halter-top clung to her pert breasts…giggling some more; she reached down and pinched her nipples, making them push against the soft fabric. 

She all but skipped toward the house, where the sounds of partying were coming from. As she neared it, something in the sounds made her slow down. It was all male voices…roaring…laughing…calling out… She then heard one female voice…a muffled scream or a moan, she couldn’t be sure. She also noticed that the front door was closed. This didn’t seem like a regular party…

She snuck over to the side of the house, and peered in one of the windows. She gasped at what she saw… Around 20 men standing around a lone woman, who was absolutely naked. Some of the men had their cocks out, and were stroking them lazily. The woman’s warm brown skin was slick with sweat and globs of thick white liquid… Her lips were wrapped around one man’s cock…behind her, another man pumped and strained…Kitty couldn’t be sure…but it seemed like his cock was in the woman’s rounded rear. Kitty’s eyes widened…she watched the woman’s face, and couldn’t tell whether she was enjoying herself. The moans coming from the woman’s mouth were choked off by the cock in her mouth.

Kitty decided to call Campus Security; she’d heard about wild parties, where women were gangbanged. She was about to leave, when strong arms grabbed her from behind. A male voice said quietly, with an undercurrent of laughter, “Well, well...what do we have here? A curious little college kitty...do you like what you're seeing?" Before she could do anything, she was dragged into the frat house. The door slammed shut behind her, and she was forcibly brought into the room where the woman was being used. The man threw her down on the floor beside the other woman. She looked up at the ring of men surrounding her, her eyes wide and frightened. They smiled down at her in a predatory fashion. She felt their gazes on her body, at her long slim legs, at her breasts. She trembled with fear…and, though she didn’t want to admit it, excitement.

One of them, clearly the ring leader, said “Do you want what she's getting, Kitty? 

We picked up this slut at a local sex shop, but you can join her. I don't think she can take on all of us.” She whimpered softly, “oh God...” He leaned back in his chair, and told Kitty to strip. She shook her head violently, her heart thumping wildly in her chest. 

The leader laughed and nodded at two of his frat mates. Two burly guys grabbed hold of Kitty and held her while the other stripped her clothes off, ripping them off her body. She started crying, but at the same time, felt her pussy spasm lightly and she moaned. All this time, the woman continued sucking off men's cocks...one after another. Kitty had been watching her, and realized she wanted to be used like that. 

The men stared at her naked body, whistling in appreciation. The man who stripped her clothes off started fondling her breasts, tugging at her nipples, all of the men laughing as she mewled and struggled. The leader ordered, “touch her cunt, G. Tell us what you find.” G’s finger slipped in between Kitty’s bare fleshy folds. “Damn, the little pussy’s wet!” He slid two fingers inside her, wriggling them around. Kitty moaned and bucked her hips. The leader stood up, and walked behind her, pressing against her rear. He whispered, ‘You’re a slutty little Kitty, aren’t you? You want this, you want us to fuck you, don’t you?”

Kitty shook her head. The leader nodded at G, who curled his fingers and stroked Kitty’s quivering cunt walls until he found a bumpy area. He tickled it with his fingers, until Kitty started to moan and move her hips in frantic little circles. The leader nodded again, and G withdrew his hand, lewdly licking his fingers. “Nooooooo,” Kitty cried, wanting more. The leader asked her again, “Are you a slutty Kitty? Don’t you want all of us to fuck you?”

“Yesssssssss….oh God yessss! Fuck me! Fuck meeeeee!” She thrust her hips out, needing to be filled. The leader laughed and asked which of his friends wanted to fuck Kitty, “though her ass is mine.” Kitty shuddered at his words…and looked around the room. She noticed the woman was looking at her…a faint smile on her face. 

Two guys walked forward, stripping off their clothes. Kitty murmured at the sight of their erect cocks. The two men holding her by the arms let her go, and she dropped to her knees. One of the men slid underneath her…slapping the firm cheeks of her ass, he said, “get on my cock, slut.” Kitty moaned, lowering her slippery hot cunt over the man’s thick shaft. Both of them cried out when her slick walls wrapped around his shaft. She began bouncing on it, impaling herself on his throbbing pole. She cried out again when someone grabbed her hair. She looked up, eyes filled with tears, her lips parting in protest, and then grunted when a cock was shoved into her mouth. She flailed at the man in front of her, and the frat men all laughed. He hissed down at her, “don’t even think if using your teeth. Now suck it, bitch!” Her mouth closed around the shaft and she began to suckle it, tongue caressing the fleshy rod filling her mouth. He began to pump his hips, shoving his cock deep into her throat. She gagged, and he groaned… The leader said, “You’d better pull out first, Mitch…I’m going to fill her ass now.” Mitch tugged his cock out of Kitty’s mouth…a string of her saliva still connecting it to her lips. 

Kitty felt her ass cheeks being spread, then something cool squirted on her ass, trickling down the crack. Kitty squealed when she felt a finger invade her dark star, wriggling around and stretching it. She cried out louder when another finger was added, the two digits in her puckered hole making it gape. The cock in her cunt continued to pound into her; she closed her eyes and focused on the pleasure, breathy moans escaping her as she rode the thick cock in her cunny.

She felt the thick flared head of the leader’s cock begin to press against her tight ass hole. He pushed it in slowly…feeling the tight ring begin to spread. Kitty was sobbing, pain beginning to take over the pleasure. With a triumphant cry, the leader pushed the mushroom head of his cock inside Kitty’s tightness. As she moaned again, Mitch shoved his cock back in her mouth. She was helpless; her body trapped between the three men. They all began to move; the leader sliding more of his hot meat into her ass, the man fucking her cunt thrusting upwards, and Mitch pumping his cock into her mouth.

Out of the corner of her eye, she saw that the woman was being used similarly. She was riding a hard cock, while another plunged into her ass, and a third used her mouth. As Kitty watched, the woman reached out with both hands to grab two other cocks, jacking them off. Kitty instinctively copied her, her hands reaching out. The leader laughed, "You learn quickly, slut!” G and another frat man approached, and Kitty began to wank their fully erect cocks. 

There were five men around her, their hard throbbing cocks in contact with her flesh. Her lithe body was rocked back and forth. She relaxed her throat, and took Mitch’s cock deep in her mouth. The leader’s cock plundered her tight anal passage, stretching it with each of his hard thrusts. The man beneath her began to pump more quickly, “oh fuckkk…her cunt’s so fucking tight…I’m going to cummmmmmmm.” Kitty began to buck more wildly, needing to feel his hot seed spurt into her needy little cunt. The leader growled as she increased her movements, her ass gripping his cock, stroking it each time she rocked forward and thrust back. Mitch’s cock drove deep into her tight throat, and she sucked it hungrily, cheeks hollowing, slurping on it shamelessly, wantonly.

The cock in her cunt swelled and twitched, she screamed loudly when she felt the thick hot seed batter her cunt walls. The vibrations from her scream set Mitch off, and he began to pump his cream deep into her throat. “Swallow it, slut! Swallow it all!”


She gulped it down like it was milk, moaning as it slid down her parched throat. The leader slowed his movements, dragging his cock in and out of her tight ass, making her feel every inch. She sobbed, needing to cum. The guy underneath her smacked her ass as he pulled out of her. She jerked…moaning as Mitch slid his now limp cock out of her mouth. The two guys she was wanking began to shudder, both of their roaring as their cocks began to spew their cum all over her body, landing in hot globs and ribbons on her skin.

The leader stroked her spine, whispering, “You’re such a good slut, Kitty. Do you need more?” She nodded vigorously, needing to cum. Four more men came over. Without moving from her ass, the leader pulled her along with him, so he was lying on the floor, she on top. She whimpered as his cock went even deeper inside her tight little rear. One man got on top of her, and began rubbing his cock over her wet slit, his cock head teasing her clit. She squirmed, wanting it inside her. They all laughed at her eagerness. The man finally slid his cock into her soaked cunt, groaning at the heat and the wetness. A third man straddled her head and she wrapped her lips around his cock. Her hands again reached out to stroke the two other cocks waiting for her attention.

Kitty felt like she was in a dream; she was being used as a fuckhole, every part of her body was servicing a man. She began to moan and writhe, loving the way she was being used. Her cunt walls welcomed the deep thrusts of the man on top of her; her mouth sucked ceaselessly on the huge cock in her mouth, her ass gripped the cock plundering her there. Her body shook and quivered, she moaned and squealed, surrendering herself to lust.

She felt the men using her begin to tremble, their groans were loud in her ears. Their lust swept her along, and as they all exploded in her tight orifices, flooding her with cum, she finally orgasmed. Her screams of pleasure muffled by the cock that was spurting hot jizz in her mouth, her cunt and ass milking the cocks that spewed their sperm into her holes, and her hands furiously wanking the cock that spilled ribbons and globs of cum over her body.

As they withdrew from her, she lay on the floor, trembling. She was coated in sweat, and cum was dripping from all of her fuckholes. She felt it burning into the skin of her breasts, pooling on her stomach. She looked up, and saw a ring of men surrounding her. As she started to protest, saying, “oh please, I can’t take any more…” they stroked their cocks. When no one made a move to come closer, she relaxed, realizing that they were going to cum all over her. She arched her back and spread her legs, her mouth opening…waiting for the cum to bathe her. Her wanton behaviour spurred them on, and soon, cock after cock spurted thick, hot cum all over her body. She mewled as it landed in pearly beads on her hair, in streaks on her body, dripping down her face, into her wide-open mouth. She reeked of the musky liquid, was slippery with it. As the men withdrew, she looked to her side, and saw that the woman from the sex shop was similarly covered in semen.

The leader looked at them both, and shook his head in mock reproof. “Tsk tsk…such dirty little sluts. “ He looked at his frat mates, “Now, how do you suppose they can get clean again? Should we hose them down?” One of the frat guys said, “What, and clog up our drains? No way. We should make them clean each other.” The others roared their approval of this idea. The leader looked at the two women, quirked a brow and said, “You heard them, sluts. Clean each other up.”

Kitty and the woman looked at each other. Kitty looked back at the leader, “what do we clean each other with?” Kitty cried out when she felt the woman’s tongue rasping over her stomach, licking up the cum pooled in her belly button. “Oohhhhhhh.” The woman licked up toward her breasts, cleaning each nipple carefully. She took one perky nipple into her mouth and suckled, letting her teeth graze it lightly. Kitty’s excitement grew again. She slid out her agile pink tongue, and mimicked the woman’s movements. Both of them lapped and licked and sucked at the cum that coated each other’s bodies, for the moment deliberately avoiding each other’s cunts. They gathered cum in their mouths and then kissed, swapping the sticky cream, letting it drip from their mouths as they withdrew, only to lick it up again.

The men cheered them on, many of them were stroking their cocks again. G turned to the leader, “Damn, we got us some really hot sluts this time. “ The leader nodded, lazily stroking his cock. “I think we ought to make these our house sluts. What do you think?” Mitch agreed, asking, “Should I get the brands?” The men laughed cruelly, and Mitch ran off to get the brands.

Kitty laid on the floor, the woman on top of her. Each of them faced the other’s still swollen, sticky cunt. Kitty licked at the woman’s round rear, dipping her tongue in the woman’s ass crack. The woman returned the favour, her little pink tongue pressing into Kitty’s puckered star, sucking at the cum that was in there. With a loud groan, Kitty buried her face in the woman’s cunt, thrusting her tongue in and scooping up the jism that soaked the woman’s folds. With a little squeal, the woman sucked on Kitty’s clit, her fingers probing Kitty’s cunt. 

The two sluts ate each other out, their tongues probing and dancing in the other’s wet cunts. Loud squeals and moans announced when the other touched a particularly sensitive spot. Both of them trembled with excitement, wave upon wave of pleasure rushing through them. They were both on the verge of orgasm, when rough hands pulled them apart.

Each woman was held down on a man’s lap, body pinned by one set of arms, legs held wide open by two other men. They struggled wildly, but couldn’t move an inch. They both began screaming when they saw G and Mitch approach, each bearing a brand that glowed bright red. It was a small brand, with the Greek letters of the frat. The leader said, “You’re our sluts now, and this brand just confirms it. Don’t worry, it won’t hurt…too much.” He ordered two other men, “Gag them. We don’t want security coming in just yet.” The women sobbed as their panties were pushed into their mouths, and secured by scarves.

Tears rolled down their faces, they braced themselves for the pain. The brands were placed on the inside of their right thigh. Their flesh seared, and their bodies stiffened; if not for the gags, their screams would have echoed through the house. As soon as the brands were withdrawn, vibrators were pushed into their cunts and set at the highest speed. In spite of the pain, and perhaps because they had been so close to orgasm earlier, their bodies responded to the stimulation, shuddering in the throes of orgasm. Animal-like sounds emerged from their throats; their bodies shook and shuddered, hot cunt juices gushing over the toys in their cunts.

They lay there, stunned by the intensity of the pain and the pleasure, their breasts heaving. One of the frat men brought out a first aid kit, and treated their raw flesh. He told them to keep it covered for a few days until it healed. The leader then spoke, “the brands mean you’re now our house sluts. Any time any one of the frat brothers wants you, you make yourself available to him. Understand?”

The two women nodded weakly, tears still staining their cheeks. Kitty and her new sister smiled at each other through their tears. Kitty leaned toward her sister and kissed her passionately. Her sister whispered, “We’re going to have so much fun!” The two women dressed, and left the frat house. “Remember,” the leader called “as soon as any of us call, you come over here.” Nodding in agreement, they walked away, hands clasped, already looking forward to that phone call.