 Every year in late summer the company I work for hosts a companywide picnic for employees. It's a thank you for the hard work we put in and it's a nice time to get together with co-workers away from the office.

This year's picnic was enjoyable, but what happened after was unforgettable.

I had been flirting with my co-worker, Kim, throughout the afternoon. Kim is a few years younger than me, with a very outgoing personality. Kim is about 5-2 with long dark hair and emerald green eyes. Her skin was dark from the summer sun, her breasts were bigger than average for such a petite girl. I am a boob man, and I think she knew it. Kim was fond of wearing tops in the office that offered a view of her beautiful cleavage and it seemed like she made a particular point of coming to chat with me in my office on the days she was dressed to kill. 

Kim and I had flirted pretty hard throughout the day, so when the picnic was over, I asked her if she would like to join me at a nearby restaurant for a beer. Kim declined, saying she had to drive her carpool partner, Laurie, home.

Disappointed, I figured my Friday would be spent alone on my couch. I was milling about chatting with some other people and heading to my car in the parking lot. Just as I got to my car, Kim and Laurie walked up and asked I still wanted that beer. 

I quickly greed. I figured with Laurie along, nothing would happen with Kim, but it was better than nothing.

We chatted a bit about where to go, and ultimately decided on a Mexican restaurant not far away. When we arrived, the place was mostly empty, it was about 3 pm on a Friday and the crowd hadn't yet arrived. We chose a booth and ordered a few beers. The conversation went easy; we ordered more drinks, switching to margaritas from beer. After a few margaritas we were all getting pretty loose. 

I learned more about both Kim and Laurie. Kim was 24, and 10 years younger than me. Laurie was 39. Laurie was tall, at least 5-10. She had blond hair reaching just below her shoulders, a reasonably attractive face and she was a bigger girl, not fat, just big. Laurie had smaller breasts than Kim, but she had the sexiest heart shaped ass which made up for the rest of her appearance. Laurie isn't ugly, she's just rather plain. 

It was getting dark and it was a warm night. Somebody suggested we go for a swim in the pool at a nearby apartment complex. We drove to the apartment building, arriving to find the pool closed and locked for maintenance. I was disappointed that there would be no swim; but I had figured the girls wouldn't swim anyway since none of us had swim suits. 

Laurie suggested we drive to the river nearby saying she knew where there was a nice beach. We jumped into my car and headed out. After a short drive, Laurie had me turn and we headed down an embankment which ran parallel the river about 30 feet away. 

I stopped and we all piled out of the car laughing and generally being silly, all of us showing the effects to too many Margaritas'. We walked down towards the river and found a nice sandy beach which gently sloped into the water. The river was maybe 50 yards wide, fairly shallow and slow moving. 

I took off my shoes and socks, rolled the legs of my jeans to my knees and waded into the cool water. Kim and Laurie sat down in the sand and removed their shoes. Kim jumped up and ran into the water up to her knees laughing and splashing. Laurie was wearing jeans like me, and she too tolled her pants legs up to keep them from getting wet. Kim was wearing shorts and began to tease Laurie and me about coming further into the water. 

After some good natured splashing, I noticed that Kim's white tank top had gotten wet and was becoming somewhat transparent. The light was dim, but I was beginning to see the dark circles of her areola's and her nipples were becoming hard from the cool water. I made a comment about the view and Kim looked down at her chest for a moment. I figured that things had gone about as far as they would go, but Kim had other plans.

Kim reached up to the straps of her tank top and slid them down her arms. She then slid the tank top down to her waist revealing the most perfect breasts I have ever seen. She was at least a "D" cup, firm with almost no sag. She had medium brown areola's about two inches across with thick nipples that were drawn up into hard points. I was mesmerized, staring at Kim's bare breasts.

My mind was racing, trying to figure out what the hell had just happened. I had fantasized about those boobs many times while I stroked my cock in bed alone at night. Suddenly here they were in person, just as big and perfect as I had imagined. 

I was snapped out of my trance by Kim telling Laurie and me to remove our shirts. I quickly pulled my t-shirt over my head and threw it up on the bank. Laurie unbuttoned her shirt and shrugged it off her shoulders. I was surprised that Laurie had removed her shirt; she struck me as somewhat reserved. Laurie turned and walked to the bank and put her shirt neatly in the sand, then turned to face Kim and me. 

Laurie proceded to unbuttoned her jeans and wiggled them down over her hips and to her feet. She folded her jeans and then hooked her panties with her thumbs and repeated her movements sliding her panties to the ground. Laurie then turned away and bent over to place her panties on the sand. When she bent over, I got a great view of that perfect ass. Laurie quickly stood up and removed her bra revealing smallish "A" cup breasts with small nipples. 

As Laurie was walking towards Kim and me, I was dumbfounded. My mind racing, Laurie then said that we needed to catch up. 

Quickly, Kim and I went to the bank and stripped out of our remaining clothes. Kim dropped her shorts, she wore no panties and she was completely shaved. Kim was quite tipsy and lost her balance when she stood after removing her shorts. I reached out to steady her and she spun towards me. I looked into Kim's eyes and saw them alive and twinkling. I drew her towards me and I kissed her, tenderly at first and then harder. I enjoyed her warm body against mine, feeling her full and firm breasts smashed against my chest and my growing cock press into her stomach. Kim suddenly pulled away and we walked back into the water. 

We stood around chatting for a bit knee deep in the water, each of us checking out the others and feeling somewhat self-conscious. Suddenly Kim said she was cold and quickly headed to the car leaving her clothes behind on the beach. Laurie and I stayed in the water a bit longer and talked about what a crazy night this had been. We walked over the clothes on the sand and began gathering things. 

Laurie bent over to pull on her jeans and I got a close up view of her ass. Laurie suddenly turned and stood, she had caught me staring. She looked at me for a moment and then reached for my hand. She took my right hand and placed it on her left breast. As she did so, she leaned in and kissed me passionately. My cock began to twitch as I felt Laurie's breast and we kissed. 

Laurie pressed her body to mine and I felt my cock touch her stomach. We kissed passionately, our tongues darting and wrestling, my hand left her breast and slid down to her beautiful ass. I squeezed her ass and pulled her towards me firmly. 

Laurie moved her hips away and slid her right hand down to my cock. She squeezed it gently and then opened her legs slightly and slipped my cock between her legs. She closed her legs and trapped my cock. I could feel her warmth and the soft folds of her pussy against the top of my throbbing shaft. 

We continued to kiss while my hands explored her ass and breasts. After a few minutes of this, Laurie pulled away and said we should get going. My cock had other ideas, but Laurie grabbed the clothes and headed to the car. 

When we reached the car, we found Kim in the passenger seat still completely naked. Laurie and I got in the car and began the drive back to their car. Along the way, Laurie decided that she and Kim were both too drunk to drive and she asked me to drive her home, saying she would get her car the next day. 

I pulled up to the curb outside Laurie's house and Kim jumped out of the car, scurrying up the sidewalk completely naked. While we were driving, Laurie had pulled on her jeans and shirt, but had left her shirt open and unbuttoned. I got out of the car to say goodbye, quickly pulling on my t-shirt and boxer shorts. 

Laurie invited me in for a glass of water which I gladly accepted. We got inside and found Kim had gone to one of the spare bedrooms and was on the bed apparently asleep. Laurie and I went to the kitchen and had some water. We chatted a bit about a variety of things, both of us attempting to ignore the uncomfortable situation. We were co-workers, we had all just gotten naked together, and I had kissed both Kim and Laurie. I was worried about how things would go the next week at work, when Laurie asked me very straight forwardly if I would like to fuck her.

I thought for a moment and asked her about Kim, Laurie thought she was asleep and would never know. Laurie moved towards me and took my hand saying we should have some fun, and lead me to her bedroom. Laurie pulled me to the bed and we began kissing once again. Laurie was wriggling out of her shirt and once again placed my hand on her breast. We continued to kiss while I fondled her tits. Her tits were small, but firm with small nipples. I moved down and took her nipple into my mouth. I licked and sucked at her breast. 

Laurie's breathing was becoming rapid and shallow. I kissed my way down her stomach to her jeans. I unbuttoned her jeans and she lifted her hips allowing me to slide them off her legs. I moved my way back toward her head kissing her legs along the way. I stopped at her neatly trimmed mound and began to softly kiss her most tender areas. Laurie took the hint and spread her legs on either side of me, raising her knees at the same time. I returned to kissing her pubic mound, each kiss moving lower. 

I could feel the heat emanating from within her, I kissed and I licked her outer lips which had begun to swell, revealing soft pink interior labia. I licked and sucked each of her pussy lips. I flattened my tongue and licked all the way up her slit to her clit. Her clit was hard and begging for attention. I placed my tongue on her clit and licked. Occasionally, I moved down her slit and plunged my tongue inside her wetness. 

Laurie was writhing and moaning, her hands were on my head, fingers entwined in my hair. Laurie started to pant and squeal, I continued my assault on her clit and enjoyed feeling her build to orgasm. In short order, Laurie's hips bucked upwards and she let out a long hissing breath. I kept my tongue on her clit all the way through her orgasm until she pulled away from me, her clit too sensitive for any more stimulation.

I moved up and laid beside her, my hard cock jutting straight up towards the ceiling. Laurie was starting to come down from her orgasm; she rolled towards me and kissed me. She grabbed my cock with her hand and stroked it gently; she then moved her mouth down to my cock and kissed the head. Slowly she wrapped her lips around my cock and began to suck. 

Her hand continued to stroke the shaft while she sucked. Periodically, she would slide her lips along the shaft until the head of my cock hit the back of her throat. She would pause here for a moment and then return to sucking just the head, her tongue swirling around and occasionally probing the opening at the tip.

Things were feeling really good, the events of the evening had me pretty well worked up and I knew it wouldn't be long until I erupted. Laurie sensing my urgency continued to stroke my cock with one hand and then began to play with my balls with her other hand. She was gently squeezing and tugging on my balls, and it was feeling really good. 

Laurie removed my cock from her mouth and moved to kissing and sucking my balls. Her finger slid down and began to massage between my balls and ass hole. Laurie returned to sucking my cock, slowly stroking the shaft with one hand and massaging the sensitive area below my balls. I was getting close, I was breathing hard and my balls were beginning to churn. I was beginning to squirm and thrust into her mouth; Laurie moved her finger down and found my ass hole, gently pressing against my sphincter. I lost control, my hips thrust upward, and my hand grabbed Laurie's head and held it on my cock while I pumped my load into her mouth and down her throat. 

I began to relax and I let Laurie remove her mouth from my cock, Laurie smiled at me and said I guess you liked that. I pulled Laurie up to me and I kissed her. We lay side by side and drifted off to sleep. A short time later, I awoke to Laurie gently playing with my cock. It wasn't long until my cock was hard, I rolled to Laurie and we began kissing.

I pressed my cock against her hip and Laurie spread her legs, I moved to mount her from above and Laurie guided my cock to her hot wet hole. I slid in effortlessly, she was so wet. I felt my balls against her ass, my cock buried deep within her pussy.

Slowly we began to fuck. I withdrew until just the tip of my cock remaining in her pussy, and then I slid slowly down burying my cock to the hilt. My passion was growing and so was Laurie's. She was starting to squirm, her hips rising to meet my thrusts; she was moaning and begging me to fuck her. I was happy to oblige. This girl was hot! She needed some cock and she needed it bad. 

The liquor and my earlier orgasm gave me extra stamina. I was starting to fuck her hard and fast. She loved every minute of it. She was squirming and bucking like a wild woman, she was swearing like a sailor. I fucked her with wild abandon, the harder and faster I fucked her, the wilder she became.

Laurie's voice got louder and louder, she was getting close to orgasm. My own orgasm was beginning to build. Just as I thought Laurie was about to go over the edge, I heard Kim's voice. Oh Shit!! I froze and told Laurie to be quiet; Laurie was too close, she was unwilling or unable to stop. 

Laurie continued bucking her hips while I tried to muffle her mouth with my hand. I was too late, her orgasm arrived and her hips took me for a wild ride, she bucked up, driving my cock deep within her. She let out a muffled scream and I felt her pussy contract around my cock, holding me firmly within her. 

While Laurie was in the midst of her orgasm, Kim came into the room. She had just woken and heard our animal lust. Kim looked at us in the pale light; I could see the shocked look on her face, her eyes wide, mouth agape. 

Laurie realized what was happening and her hips and pussy relaxed, allowing me to pull my cock from her. As I pulled my cock from Laurie, Kim turned and left the room. I quickly jumped from the bed and went after Kim, finding her in the spare bedroom.

I stopped at the door, unsure what to say, I had just been caught fucking her friend, her car pool partner, and we were all co-workers. Kim looked up and I told her that Laurie and I were just having some fun. Kim looked me in the eye and then glanced down at my the quickly fading erection. I saw a lustful look cross her face and I went to where she was sitting on the bed. 

Kim looked me in the eye again and reached for my now soft cock. She pulled me towards her on the bed and quickly she had her lips on my cock. She licked and kissed my cock, causing it to quickly harden. Once I was hard, Kim opened her mouth and slid my cock all the way down her throat, the tip of her nose coming to rest in my pubic hair.

Slowly Kim began to increase the suction on my cock. She slid my cock out of her mouth until just the tip remained, then she slid my cock down her throat once again. She began fucking my cock with her mouth, slowly at first and then gaining speed. The blow job Laurie had just given me an hour or so before was incredible, this blow job was different, but no less incredible. 

While Kim continued fucking my cock with her mouth, her right hand moved to her breast. She was mauling her breast vigorously, squeezing and rubbing, pinching and pulling on her nipple. I was enthralled with the sight of my cock fucking her face and her hands so aggressively abusing her perfect boobs. 

I had been close to cumming when I had to stop fucking Laurie, and it didn't take long until I could feel my balls begin to boil once again. I told Kim I was getting close. Kim quickly pulled off my cock and climbed on the bed on her hands and knees, her ass facing me. Kim reached between her legs and ran a finger across her clit and into her pussy, she withdrew her finger and I could see the wetness on her pussy lips.

I moved toward her and slipped my cock into her hot wet hole in one smooth stroke. Kim had the wettest pussy I have ever felt.

I began to fuck Kim slowly, her juicy wet pussy making squishing sounds every time my cock bottomed out. I could see her juices glistening on my cock with every stroke. Her, her juices were coating my balls and starting to drip down her inner thighs. She was starting to squirm and she was rocking back to meet my thrusts. She reached back down to her clit with one hand, her finger nails rubbing against my balls. She reached further back and held my balls firmly in her hand, and then started rubbing her clit with the loose skin around my balls as I made short strokes in and out of her pussy. 

Kim was starting to breathe heavy, her other hand found her breast and once again she started roughly massaging, squeezing, pinching, pulling and generally abusing her beautiful breasts. 

As I said before, I am a boob man.

The sight of her forcefully playing with her tits began to push me over the edge. I began fucking her hard from behind. I watched her play with her tit, I watched my cock driving in and out of her pussy, wetness spreading everywhere with every one of my thrusts. I couldn't hold out any longer, I erupted deep in her pussy. 

I grabbed her hips and pulled her to me, driving my cock as deep in her as I possibly could. I kept her pulled tight as I grunted and my cock pumped her pussy full of cum. It felt like my orgasm would never stop. Finally, my orgasm subsided. I held her hips to support myself as I recovered. I was weak and exhausted, breathing hard, covered in sweat. 

As I rested, Kim continued to finger her pussy; she took my balls in her hand again and continued to rub her clit with them. It didn't take long until I heard a muffled groan from her and every muscle in her body went tense, she started to shake. Her orgasm was long and intense. When it was done, she collapsed forward on the bed leaving me standing at the bedside.

As I stood there, I heard a sound from behind me. I turned and found Laurie standing in the doorway. 

I looked at Laurie; expecting her to be upset. I began to speak, but Laurie stopped me saying that she had been watching us fuck the entire time, and that it was the hottest thing she'd ever seen. I was still in shock when Laurie walked to me at the bedside and kissed me hard. I laid her on the bed and I lay down between Laurie and Kim who was still recovering from her orgasm. 

Kim was curled up in a fetal position, breathing hard and trembling. While Laurie and I continued to kiss, she reached down to fondle my now flaccid cock. I told her it would be quite a while before I could get hard again; she reluctantly pulled her hand from my cock and moved it to her pussy. I watched as she began to rub her clit slowly. 

Every few moments she would plunge two fingers down into her pussy and bring some of its wetness to her clit and continue to masturbate herself. She was getting excited; her breathing was becoming shallow and rapid. I reached out to fondle her breast while she played with herself. 
