 I was shivering a little in the night air--nerves? Temperature? Hard to tell at this point. I saw James look questioningly at me, and shook my head with a little smile. My heels clicked on the pavement as we approached the front of the hotel. It was an anonymous place, practically American, although this was a German city. The street was badly lit, but there was no trash littered on the rain-slick pavement, like there would have been in the States in a neighborhood like this. It was eerily quiet, and what few lights there were glimmered eerily through the raw November darkness.

James pushed the glass door open and held it for me. "Danke," I said, and he grinned. I felt a quick impulse toward laughter but stifled it, and I didn’t look at the night clerk as I strode past the desk; I didn’t stop, didn’t look back until I reached the elevators. I knew James was right behind me--could feel it in the tension that tightened the muscles all the way down my back, and in the way my arm prickled, as though I thought he might take it. I wondered if he was nervous too.

I stole a quick glace at him as I punched the button for the elevator--a little harder than I needed to--and he didn’t look nervous. He looked... nonchalant. He was looking sort of blankly at his reflection in the dim steel elevator door. He looked good, too--tall and solid, with soft messy hair going gray and a neatly trimmed beard framing sensitive lips. He was wearing a worn brown leather jacket and jeans, small wire-rimmed glasses; under the jacket was a flannel shirt. I shifted my gaze to myself and caught just a glimpse--long dark hair swept up in a clip, trim figure in a long black leather coat, short black dress and sexy heels; my eyes looked wide and dark, but not frightened--before the doors slid open and we went in. I punched the button--12th floor.

The minute the doors closed James pulled me around to face him and kissed me, hard, his arms gathering me up into his embrace, his hands eagerly sliding over the smooth surface of my coat, down to my ass. I responded for a moment, kissing back hard, wrapping my arms around him beneath his coat. I could feel his cock getting hard, pressed against my belly through his jeans and my dress. 

"Mmm," I said, and then pulled away, slapping his hand with mock severity as he tried to grab my ass again. "Save it... we’re just a minute away, you know."

"You are killing me," he said. "You are sooo cruel." A smile was playing around his mouth, but he put his hands primly into his jacket pockets as the elevator doors opened again onto the empty hotel corridor. 

"You can get me back later," I said over my shoulder. We stepped out and I looked again at the key--I had examined it about 90 times since I got it that afternoon--and then I turned right and headed toward room 1226, all the way at the end of the hall. My shoes didn’t make a sound on the thin carpet; all I could hear was the faint sounds of James’s pants as he walked, and there was an ambulance somewhere out in the night--wee-aw, wee-aw, in that odd foreign cadence that is so exotic to my American ears.

There at last! I slid the key in--none of that automated electronic card shit here--and opened the door noisily. It was dark inside, just a little light from the window in the bedroom; the curtains were open. I stopped in the doorway and turned around to face James, who was still in the hall. "Close your eyes," I ordered. 

"Anything for you," he said teasingly, and suddenly I could hear that he was nervous too. I felt a sudden rush of pleasure and gratitude, that he trusted me so much, with such a tricky, potentially sticky situation.

He closed his eyes tightly, and I led him through the little sitting room--pulling the hall door closed and locking it--and into the bedroom. I liked leading him around like that, blindly. It is a lovely, powerful feeling to have a man who outweighs you by 100 pounds follow you trustingly into a dark room. I steadfastly ignored the other man--the one in the chair, in a darkened corner of the sitting room, angled for a full view of the bedroom--and sat James down on the bed, facing me. "Can I open my eyes?" he asked. He was smiling... nervously, I thought.

"No," I said. I slid his jacket off his shoulders and threw it onto the floor by the wall. I slid his glasses off and placed them carefully on the bedside table. I took off my own coat and dropped it, and then stepped forward, using my knees to open his legs so that I stood between them. I was looming over him, looking down at his calm, closed eyes. I pressed forward just a little, so that one breast brushed his cheek. He looked more alert, and his hands came up to hold my waist. He leaned forward and buried his face in my chest, rubbing his nose gently against my sternum and nestling into my (scarce, I admit) cleavage. His eyes were still closed. I put my hands on his shoulders and leaned forward into him; he slid his hands around and then down to my ass, kneading my cheeks gently through my dress. 

I leaned over and kissed his head, then his neck and cheek, the rough softness of his beard tickling my mouth. He turned his head and we kissed deeply, me leaning down into the kiss, his head back to meet my lips. His hands were moving softly around my back and bottom, massaging lightly, and then one hand moved down to my leg--no pantyhose tonight, and I had been freezing out there in the street, but I was plenty warm now! He ran his hand down the back of my bare thigh to that exquisitely ticklish spot right behind the knee and I collapsed a little, falling forward into him with a giggle. He was grinning, and his eyes were still closed. "Mmm," he said, "soft skin." His hands roamed more and I leaned forward against him, enjoying it. He has excellent hands... One hand was moving upward, up the back of my thigh, under the little black dress, until it encountered...

Nothing. "Oh my god," he sighed. An enormous grin spread over my face--god, I love surprising a man. Suddenly both his hands were under my dress, moving over my bare ass, and the dress was being pushed up until I was swaying on my high heels, trying to keep my balance as he burrowed into my breasts with his face and kneaded my ass with his hands. It felt so good! I made a little noise and then he brought one hand around to the front and oh sweet jesus, his fingers were sliding down along my pussy lips, through the short, trim hair there and down to where I was getting wetter by the minute.

I had a sudden flash of how this must look to the man in the other room--my dress up around my waist, my white ass against the darkness of the dress, the soft sounds of breathing and kisses and murmurs... A rush of heat washed over me and I grabbed for James’s hand and guided his fingers into me. They slipped into my wet cunt with ease and I moaned, bent over him, legs braced slightly apart as he slid two fingers in and out, then rubbed his thumb gently over my clit so that I gasped and bucked against him; he opened his mouth onto my breast through the cloth of the dress, and then ever-so-gently closed his teeth on my nipple as he rubbed my clit again and again with his thumb. I came gently then, short, sharp breaths into his hair, my body shaking against his hand and mouth.

I have always been lucky that way--I can come easily and quickly, and even better, often... as the song says, I love being a girl!

When my body relaxed I sighed and stepped back a little. Now James’s eyes were open, and they glittered a little at me as he licked his wet fingers. I smiled slowly at him, then reached behind myself and unzipped the dress. It fell easily to the floor, and now I was wearing only the black high heels and a satiny black bra.

I knelt down on the floor, there between his legs, and he leaned back onto the bed so I could unzip his pants. I suspected he wouldn’t be wearing any underwear either, and I was proven right as his cock pushed up and out of the jeans, ready for freedom and any gifts that might hold. James lifted his hips and I pulled his pants down. A moment of struggle later, and his shoes and pants and socks were all in a little pile in the corner. He had a lovely cock, thick and well-proportioned, delicious looking, in fact.

Was that a noise I heard behind me, in the other room? Well, why should that matter? So what if I thought I heard the stealthy sound of another zipper coming down? I smiled to myself and continued with James.

He sat up again to watch as I leaned forward. I glanced wickedly up at him, then licked from his balls to his head, one long, slow stroke with my tongue. His cock hardened even more--I wouldn’t have believed it possible--and a drop of pre-cum formed right at the tip. I licked it off... "Mmm," I said, and grinned. "Tasty." I bent over his lap and took him all the way in. He sighed and leaned back on his elbows as my mouth engulfed him, lips tight around his pole all the way to the root, then back up and then down again, my head moving up and down and tongue circling as I went. I could taste more sticky pre-cum as I sucked, little teasing hints of salt and ocean that I licked up gleefully. I took a break after a while and instead of sucking I licked, long smooth strokes up and down his shaft, then teasing circles around the head until he gasped and laughed, then back down and I tasted his balls, licking them and then sucking them gently into my mouth, releasing them and reaching up to fondle them with my fingers, feeling their heavy, silky weight slide through my hands. 

Behind me I heard the unmistakable sound of a man beating off, the soft slap of skin on skin. I wanted to say "Wait! Don’t go too fast!" but I trusted this other man to know that the best was yet to come... so to speak.

I felt James’s hands on my hair and I looked up. "I want to be inside you," he said, and his face was intent, his voice slightly hoarse.

I felt myself opening and getting wetter at his words, and I nodded. One last light lick to the head of his cock, and I stood up. Off came the bra and I kicked off the shoes too, with a flourish. A bit of magic, sleight of hand--voila! A condom appeared. (From my jacket, lying near my foot, actually.) I unrolled it slowly onto his dick, then pushed him back onto the bed. I climbed up over him, knees on either side of his hips, holding myself over his hard, taut cock. I put my hands on either side of his face and then slowly, slowly, slowly lowered myself onto him, feeling his cock push my pussy open, nudging inside, stretching me open, sliding into my hot wetness.

He groaned and I sighed. Behind me I couldn’t hear the man pounding himself anymore. I was sliding myself up and down James’s shaft, my hair falling down from its clip around us, hearing only the wet sounds, feeling every inch of him as I rode him gently, working my way to a nice, tight, hot, wet...

...I came, then, in one grinding, deep stroke, pressing myself down against his cock and his hips, shuddering. He felt it and thrust upward, holding his body against mine for some infinite, lost moment until I drew a deep, gasping breath and fell forward over him, lying on his broad chest. I lay there getting my breath back for a moment, then began unbuttoning his shirt. His hands played with my hair, then moved downward and traced my lips for a moment. "That looked nice," he said softly.

"Felt even better than it looked," I said lazily, and, last button undone, began running my hand across his chest, playing with the soft curls of hair, circling his nipples, trying to tickle him, until he growled and grabbed my hand. 

"Is it my turn yet?" he said, mock-ferociously. He rolled over and pinned me beneath him. I giggled and squirmed, changing angles slightly... coincidentally (of course!) to an angle that allowed the man in the next room to see us better. James shrugged his shirt off and threw it away, not caring where it landed. He leaned back forward, over me.

"Mm, mm, mm, you are so impatient," I chided James. He was still inside me, still rock hard. I thrust my hips up a little, just to enjoy the dazed look that flashed across his face. 

"I am just jealous," he said when he recovered, and began moving in me, slowly. "I see you having all that fun, and..." his cock moved inside me, stroking my pussy as he began to move in a gentle, inexorable rhythm, "I think I should get a chance, too."

I choked back a sudden laugh. "How do you think he feels?" I muttered, grinning and cocking my head toward the sitting room.

James grinned back, wickedly. "If you think I’m jealous...." He rolled his eyes expressively, then his face grew more serious. "I am gonna fuck you so hard," he murmured, and lowered his face to my shoulder and began pumping in earnest.

He started out slowly, long, deep strokes that made my body melt, opening softly to him, taking him in completely. He was kissing my shoulder, then my face, and then he began moving faster, his hips slamming into mine, his eyes closed in concentration. I lifted my legs and wrapped them around his waist, feeling his weight pound into my pelvis, his cock thrusting hard into my wet, open pussy... I could feel the heat building inside me, and I grabbed his ass and squeezed, feeling the muscles tighten and relax as he pumped, fast and hard, until I began to moan, gasping for breath, at the edge...

Just as I came he did, too, bucking against me in a prolonged wave, groaning into my hair as his hips ground into mine. I tightened my legs around him and moaned, coming with every thrust into my pussy, tightening on his cock until we both subsided into a sweaty tangle on the bed.

"Oh. My. Sweet. Lord," I panted. 

"Mmmmmmmmmm," was all he replied, lying atop me, his body pressing mine gently into the bed. He shifted over after a moment, taking some weight off me but staying inside me, which I liked.

We lay still for a few minutes, murmuring to one another and (me at least) carefully not looking into the other room. We fell into a comfortable silence, and then I said brightly, "So, I’m ready for another go!"

James laughed and groaned at the same time, rolling off--and out of--me. I made a noise in protest at losing him, although he wasn’t all that hard anymore. "You are trying to kill me," he said. 

"Of course not," I said blithely. "You’re no use to me dead." I started giggling and said loudly, "Oh, if only there were some other horny man in the room who could help me out."

A shadow appeared by the bed, a thin, dark man, naked, sporting an enormous erection. "Why, you’re in luck," said the shadow.

James sat up and then stood, smiling down at me. "You are a good planner," he said. He looked up at the other man. "You take a shot. She’s had her way with me," he said.

"Are you still here?" said the man, grinning. He wasn’t looking at James as he spoke. He was looking at me, and stroking his cock, which was lovely, long and hard, not as thick as James’s, but longer. I felt my body responding to his look, his cock--him. He was a wiry man altogether, with whip-cord muscles and no spare flesh. He looked hard all over, and I reached up and pulled him down to myself, running my hands over his body--it felt as good as it looked, smooth and strong. 

"I’ll just go have a seat," murmured James to himself as he moved toward the chair the other man had vacated. I thought I saw him peeling off the used--and very full--condom, but my attention was soon taken by other things.

The dark man moved around the bed to my feet, then knelt on it, between my legs. He looked carefully at my wet, wide-open pussy, then up and into my eyes. "My goodness, you are quite the little slut," he said admiringly.

"Prove it," I said softly.

"Oh, I will," he promised, just as softly, and smiled. He leaned down then and began to eat me out.

He was good with his mouth. He shifted until he had plenty of room, and began by licking me from bottom to top, dipping his sharp tongue into my pussy midway, then sliding it gently up to my clit, where he softened it and licked slowly, with a gentle, flat tongue. I stiffened and shuddered, moving my hands over my body as he continued to lick and suck, moving down again to plunge his tongue into my wet, open cunt, his mouth sucking gently on my pussy and nose rubbing my clit until, with a soft cry, I came. He didn’t let me rest, though, but moved his fingers into me, putting his tongue to work on my clit again, flicking delicately until I was gasping and shuddering beneath him, my hands clenching and unclenching as wave after wave of pleasure lifted me, his fingers working in and out and tongue slapping until I was whimpering, begging--"Please please please please..."

I didn’t know if I wanted him to stop or keep going, but he stopped and I relaxed into a heap, my breath sobbing in and out. I opened my eyes and saw him suddenly looming over me, poised like a diver, and before I was ready he plunged his cock into me, one hard, piercing thrust that went all the way to the root of me and him, and he moved fast, fucking me like there would never be another chance, slamming his narrow hips into me violently over and over for what seemed like hours, until I came again, screaming this time.

He didn’t cum, though.

He stopped and pulled me upright. He maneuvered me roughly until I was on my hands and knees, and then he knelt behind me.

He was suddenly gentle, and he ran his hands softly over my back, my ass, and down between my legs, sliding his finger teasingly into my throbbing pussy. He ran one wet finger over my asshole, but I twitched away--not tonight--and he laughed softly.

I turned my head and saw James sitting in the chair, not far away, staring at us as though hypnotized. His cock was hard again, rising from his lap like a divining rod tuned to sex, not water. I smiled and looked down again at my own hands, spread on the coverlet, and then the other man, the dark man, was sliding his cock inside me again, from the rear... and ohhhh.

Oh, jesus. The angle, the wetness, the... something. Something was right and I began to cum again about ten seconds later as his cock pressed my g-spot perfectly, again and again. He wasn’t moving fast, just sliding that long, hard shaft into me over and over and over, rhythmically, a little extra thrust at the end of each smooth stroke, and I was cumming, oh I was cumming hard again, oh yes, yes, yes...

He paused, and some unspoken communication occurred, or maybe it was spoken, I don’t know, I just know I was trying to breathe, trying to regain some sense of who the hell I was, and suddenly James was there in front of me. I looked up at his face; he looked happy, as happy as could be, and I glanced over my shoulder at the other man, who was smiling, too. James stroked his hard cock and I could see another little drop of pre-cum, glistening there at the tip. 

"All right, then," I said, somewhat wildly. "Let’s go."

I leaned forward just a little and James slid his thick cock into my mouth; the dark man began to move again, and I let him set the pace, let the motion of my body against the thin man’s cock move my mouth up and down on James’s pole; smooth, slow movement becoming quicker, more urgent movement; my head bobbing up and down; distracted by that g-spot again, moving one hand down to finger my clit, being fucked harder, starting to come, completely unable to concentrate on sucking James off... moaning around the hard dick in my mouth, I felt James take hold of my hair and then he began to move against my face, as the dark man moved against my pussy, both of them slamming their cocks into me, fucking my mouth, fucking my pussy, my fingers sliding around on my own wet clit and cumming, cumming, cumming, hot cum filling my mouth and swallowed just in time for another of my own orgasms as the dark man cried out and slammed his load into my pussy, deep, hot, wet, and full, one sticky thrust after another. He came to rest finally, leaning over me, his chest slick against my sweaty back.
