 I loved days like today. It was hot and the humidity was rising, as a storm was ready to come ashore. We were walking side by side down the shore towards our private beach. I enjoyed our walks like this, I felt so close to Jon, and even closer to the sea. I loved our life. We have been together since we were both young, our lives seemed to mesh as one. We lived the grand life; everything had to be the best and biggest. I definitely had no complaints. Jon was perfect, tall and muscular. Tanned from spending time at the beach, dark eyes that always sent a shiver down my spine, and dark hair that was showing just the first signs of grey. I loved him, he was perfect, and I just could not get enough of him. We were a perfect match. I was tall as well, just an inch or so shorter than him, long legs that he could not get enough of, and because of our grand lifestyle I was always turned off by plastic surgery. I did not need it anyways; I have always used my assets to the fullest. 

This I was wearing my black bikini, nothing much to it. The triangle top hardly held my breasts in, but covered enough, and a sheer sarong covered the matching black thong. The beaches were private so we did not need to worry about kids running around and it was the dead of summer so there was hardly any tourists this far from the public beaches. As we reached our property, Jon suggested that we sit as the tide was coming in, bringing that storm even closer. I agreed, I could not tare myself from leaving the sea this soon. We sat side by side, as the warm water would creep up to our toes. We sat in silence for a bit, just soaking in the mood and the atmosphere. We both had the same thing on our minds, it was too hard to ignore.

Jon dug his heels into the sand and lay back with his hands behind his head. It was funny to watch him, many times he reminded me of the days when we were young, unsure of things. I chuckled to myself as I turned back and smiled at him. I figured I would play hard to get, I knew he would come around eventually. I was right, I felt his hand rub my back very gently, it gave me the chills, I was excited every time he touched me. He continued to run his fingers along my spine until they reached the bow that held my top around me. Carefully he pulled at one of the ends until the knot came undone.

"Uh oh, look what happened. I'm not sure I can fix that." he joked.

"Well let's see if I can." I replied, holding my gaze with his beautiful hazel eyes. The sun was reflecting off his body so perfectly. I took the top, pulled it up over my head, and tossed to the other side of him. 

I lay back on my side and kissed him passionately. I did not want this moment to rush by us. As I was about to crawl on top of him we both noticed a passer by-er and hoped that they would not be offended by our affection towards each other. To my surprise, it was a stunningly beautiful woman, flowing blond hair, lean and long legs and a smaller build than I have, her bathing suit obviously showing off her physic. I knew that Jon thought that she was pretty, hell, I thought she was beautiful.

"Looks like a party's starting here." she said smiling, showing perfect white teeth. 

"Uh, yeah, we're getting there." Jon replied. I could not help but laugh at his response. 

"Well I was watching you making your move as I was walking up," she said. Before I knew it, she was sitting on the other side of Jon. I knew where this was going, neither of us have done something like this. We have talked about it but never acted upon it. 

"Here, I need help with mine. The knot is too tight and I can't reach it," she stated.

The siren took his and guided it towards her back. Jon looked at me, looking for encouragement that I was approving of what was going to take place. I smiled at him and bent down to kiss him.

He continued to untie the top to her bathing suit. As she pulled it up over her head, he rubbed her back and then around to her belly. I could not help but admire her perky full breasts; she really was a beautiful woman. She took his hand, mostly because he was still unsure of the events that were going to unfold, but he knew he wanted this to happen, she guided his hand to her breasts to invite him to her body. He took hold of one breast and rubbed it gently, teasing the nipple until they were rock hard and protruding as far as they could. As he explored her, I straddled his legs and started to pull down his shorts, he was already excited and hard, it turned me on even more. As I pulled off his shorts, she bent down and kissed him. At first a rush of uncertainty surged my body but then she looked up at me came towards me. She slowly and seductively came closer to my mouth and kissed me as passionately as I had just kissed Jon. All of a sudden, the discomfort in me subsided and a rush of excitement made my blood rush. We positioned our selves so that we were on either side of Jon, but we were up on our knees, kissing and bringing our bodies closer. I could feel her perk nipples rubbing against my tits. Her body was as soft as velvet. Jon rested up on his elbows enjoying our performance.

Our hands ventured over each others bodies, one of her hands were caressing my breast as the other rubbed over my stomach and found its way to my burning pussy. We both had our bottoms on, but I was sure it was not long before they too would be tossed somewhere along the beach. I reached around and squeezed her tight ass, as I did I reached down and found Jon's hard cock and started to stroke it. She continued to rub my pussy through my suit, driving the material against me before finally moving the thong to the side. She felt how wet I was and with a fast swipe yanked my bottoms to my knees. She seen that I had been stroking Jon and stood up to take her bottoms off. As the tide was creeping in, I knew we were all going to loose our suits.

We took our positions on either side of Jon again. The lovely beauty took hold of his thick cock and started to tease the tip of it with her tongue. I bent down to work on his balls; I knew this was one of his favorite moves from me. As we were both at his member, I felt his fingers explore my burning clit and wet lips. I only assumed that he was doing the same to her, as her body started to rock back and forth. She glanced up at me and as if we could read each other's minds, we retracted from Jon's dick and kissed each other again, tasting Jon's sweetness in each other's mouths. All the while Jon was working on both of us with his magic fingers. Soon enough two of his fingers were inside of me, as the same of our mystery acquaintance. We both rocked to the motion as we caressed each other. Then, as if on cue, we bent back over towards Jon's swelling cock. This time she cupped his balls in one hand as I took hold of his thick cock at the base. We slid our tongues on either side of it and stroked his cock up and down. As we licked his dick like a Popsicle, we both were getting ready cum. Our movements were picking up as Jon's fingers explored the insides of our pussy's, further and deeper he reached. Jon too, was getting close to cumming, as his hips started to rock up and down, we both could taste his precum ready to shoot out. 

Blondie looked up at me and kissed me once more. She whispered to me to take my position on him, she was going to move around, I did not question what she was going to, do, I wanted Jon so badly now. He could see the fire in my eyes and obviously felt how wet I was, ready to cum all over his fingers. As she moved away from his cock, Jon pulled his fingers out from both of us, although his finger still played with my clit, feeling how hard it was. As she got up, I straddled Jon, stroking his cock with my pussy lips. It felt so good, my wet pussy rubbing up and down his shaft, soaking it. Blondie crawled to the spot directly where Jon was lying. While on all fours she crawled towards Jon, he was looking at her upside down, immediately we both knew what was going to happen. 

As I took hold of his hardened thick cock to guide inside of me, Blondie crawled closer towards me, her tits hanging over Jon's face as he tried to kiss one of her nipples. As I inserted Jon's member inside me he thrusted his hips up fast and hard, my pussy accepted him immediately. Blondie was just about face to face with me when my thoughts confirmed my suspicion. Her cunt was hovering over Jon's face, his hands rubbing her tits, and stomach, finding their place on her hips. I dug his dick further up into me, I loved it when I could feel him deep inside me, and it felt so satisfying. Blondie, seeing me in ecstasy, started to fondle my ample breasts. Like an expert she tweaked and pulled at my hard nipples. While sucking and fondling my breasts, her other hand found its way towards the area I was working myself with Jon's prized possession. She rubbed her fingers against my clit, making me want to fuck Jon even harder.

****

Jon was so caught up in what was going on, it was like a dream. With Blondie's ass and wet pussy in his face, how could he resist? One hand was exploring her perfect tits as the other teased the outline to her precious treasure. He could tell she was getting excited, he could smell the sweetness from her. He took a moment to enjoy the view; she was freshly waxed all the way from above her clit to her ass. He knew his wife got frequent waxes, but not too often did she take it all the way like this. His wife's pussy did feel so good though. Many times did he want to cum deep inside of her but held back. He too wanted to make this experience last. Jon finally could not tease the Blondie any longer. He could tell she needed and wanted to cum, her pussy was so swollen and wet. He took the palm of his hand and rubbed up along her pussy. Wiping the moisture that was coming from her, he took his hand and rubbed it over her stomach and up to her tits. She started to lower her ass closer to his face but with one quick move, he took his hands and held her hips in place. He decided that he was going to control her orgasm, no matter how badly she wanted it. 

He took his fingers and separated her lips, taking his tongue and licking in between the folds; she tasted even sweeter than she smelled. He could not tease her any longer; he was longing to taste her completely. He held onto her ass and as he licked her starving pussy up and down, then he inserted his tongue into her treasure. He shoved his tongue into her as far as he could, his lips tasting the sweetness of her lips and clit. She moved her hips even faster now, up and down, as did his wife. He was not sure what they were doing up there, but he knew they felt as good as he did.

***

The blonde was in ecstasy herself. Jon had just shoved his tongue inside of her. Amazingly, it felt big and thick, it may have been her imagination but it felt so good. She continued to play with his wife's clit, it was hard as a rock. He grabbed hold the back of his wife's head and brought it to hers. She had to taste her again, soon enough she hoped she would. Blondie shoved her tongue into the wife's mouth. She was actually surprised that this couple would let her join in on their party; they were a very good-looking couple, why wouldn't they? The blonde continued to kiss the wife forcefully and deep, all while fucking the husband's tongue, trying to get it up deep inside her. She loved it when things got rough. Before she knew it, the husband was sucking as he tongued her, his hand bravely ventured towards her ass crack. She did not think that he would go that route, but then she did not know how kinky this couple actually was. The thought of it and the more the husband sucked and tongued her got her excited. All of a sudden, her body tensed as she released. Blondie's cum was pouring out of her, all while the husband was taking it all in; sucking on her more, getting every bit of it out of her.

***

I could tell that Blondie was going to get off by Jon eating her out. He was excellent at that, just thinking about him doing that made me even more excited, if that was even possible. Blondie's move on my clit and me was exhilarating. I did not realize how hard I was fucking Jon's cock, he felt so good inside of me. The harder Blondie kissed me, as deep as she could, the closer I was to my ecstasy. It seemed like everything was timed just right. Just as Blondie was cumming into Jon's face, I jammed his dick as far as it would go and it hit that spot that was craving attention, releasing my cum all over his cock, the cum didn't stop, it kept flowing out of me, pouring all over Jon's cock and balls. I could not release him just yet, I knew he was about to release all inside of me.

***

Jon was right, Blondie tasted sweeter than honey. Her cum came out so fast and furious that he couldn't suck it all out, it continued to pour out all over his face. He did not mind at all, in fact it turned him on even more. It seemed like unison when Blondie released her cum and his wife set free hers. He could feel her cum gushing out of her as well; it felt warm as it flowed down his throbbing cock and balls, just as warm as the tide turning in. He knew his wife was not going to stop fucking his cock until he came inside of her. A couple more hard thrusts in her and his semen were set free inside of her. He watched as Blondie kissed his wife again, more passionately this time. They all just released large loads; no one had the energy to be as forceful. Blondie started to crawl back up towards Jon's face, allowing him one more taste of her bald pussy. As she was face to face with him, she shoved her tongue inside his mouth, tasting her cum in his mouth. His wife released his cock from inside her pussy and sat just below his toned stomach. When Blondie finished tasting her cum in Jon's mouth, he pulled himself up, bringing him face to face with his wife.

***

I could not believe what just took place. I was even more surprised that we did not do something like this sooner. I knew he obviously enjoyed it, as did I, and there was no doubt that Blondie enjoyed it just as much. Jon pulled himself up and hugged me. As he kissed my neck he whispered, "Thank you my darling." 

Just then, like some sort of sign, the rain began to fall. Either our excursion happened excessively quickly, because earlier those storm clouds were moving fast, or the weather seen what was taking place and held off long enough. I was not sure what was going to happen next, but I knew that this changed our relationship. I was not jealous at all of Blondie, I was a strong woman and knew that Jon was devoted only to me. I noticed Blondie standing back a little as she had already pulled the bottoms of her suit on and was unable to find her top. I pulled myself up off of Jon and motioned towards our house. We all needed to get inside before this storm got any closer, the lightning and thunder picked up more as the wind whipped the sea closer towards us. Jon was able to find his shorts and only my sarong. We all ran up towards the house, Jon in his shorts, as Blondie and I were still topless.