 All feedback is appreciated to any of my stories.

*****

"Roy started an adventure last weekend that was stranger than any thing that has ever happened to him before He wants to share the story of his new life style with you."

Having just moved to this southern area the week before to escape the cold and snow of the north country. He didn't know anyone here and was exploring the local small town. Just looking around getting familiar with the area.

Getting hungry he stopped at a diner for a quick bite. The place was crowded and Roy stood in line waiting for a seat. A small table was cleared and the waitress asked if he minded sharing it with the lady behind. Turning he saw an attractive well built blond woman and at a nod from her they took seats.

She introduced herself as Susan, just call me Sue. She also was new here having come down two months ago and bought a house. Her husband was dead from an auto crash last year.

After ordering they talked and found that there were a lot of things they had in common.

Sue looked to be in her late twenties, short blond hair, hazel eyes, nice body, about 140 or so, built for comfort not speed. She had a daughter of 18 living with her, and admitted that she was 39.

Roy was 42, separated after 20 yrs of marriage and was waiting for the papers to say that he was single again. Was looking for work or maybe start a small business.

After talking and comparing notes, they found they had a lot in common and were attracted to each other. Roy asked if he could take her out to dinner and dancing some evening. If she knew a good place to go?

Giving her phone number she asked him to call Friday afternoon and maybe they could go to a club she knew for a nice meal and some dancing.

Calling her number Friday, hoping she hadn't changed her mind Roy waited for her to answer.

"Hello?" A sweet young voice said. 

"Hi, Sue? Its Roy."

"Sorry, wrong Sue. Wait a moment I'll get her.

A few moments went by till Sue came on the line. "Hi Roy, I should have warned you that my daughter might answer. Her name is also Sue, we call her Sue II.

Giving directions to her place she said that she would be ready about 6:30. Dress was to be casual.

The door was opened by a younger version, almost a twin of Sue wearing a long t-shirt but not much more, a beautiful pair of tits poked invitingly through the thin material showing hard, pointed nipples. 

Pointing them toward me she coyly smiled and said. "Hello, you must be Roy, come on in, Moms almost ready. I'm Sue two. Turning away she led me to the living room.

Following her he could see the outline of bikini panties under her shirt, barely covering her sweet ass. His cock started to swell at the erotic sight. She swayed her hips as she walked away in front of him, knowing that he was watching her ass. 

Luckily Sue entered, gave Roy a kiss on the cheek. Then swatting her daughter on the ass, said to her. "I told you to get dressed before Roy got here, now go."

"Sorry, she's eighteen and at the age that she likes to show off." She said.

"No problem." he replied. "She's almost as beautiful as you and your both worth looking at."

"Thank you, but some times she shows a bit too much. Shall we go?"

Sue II came back wearing shorts but still no bra, tits bouncing as she came across the room. Roy's cock stirred again. He hoped that Sue wouldn't notice the effect that her daughter was having on him.

"We'll be back around one, you know the rules and I'll call to let you know when we leave the club." Sue told her.

On the way to the club Sue told me that her husbands death had upset their whole life and it was the main reason for moving. "We wanted to start over new. The house is paid for from the insurance and I'm looking for a job just for something to do."

After a good meal they went to the dance area. Sue fit into his arms very nice. She was a good dancer and they danced almost every number Holding her and feeling her whole body rubbing against me caused my prick to be hard most of the time. She was aware of his hard cock and pressed herself to it while they danced. Almost causing him to cream in his pants several times.

Neither of them drank much, they were getting high on each other and didn't need any other stimulation. Both enjoying the evening and the sexual stimulation.

After the band played the last number she excused herself to call home.

In the car Sue explained that she didn't allow her daughter to have boy friends in too late and by calling they could be gone before she got home. That started when she came home after a movie one evening and caught her and a boy naked, screwing on the couch. After the boy quickly left they had a long talk. If she was going to have sex she had to be careful and discreet. This way she can have all her fun but not risk getting caught again.

He was a little shocked at her liberal attitude but agreed with her that once kids start sex they usually kept it up as often as possible. 

Cuddling as they rode Roy let a hand caress her tit, she made no objection so he moved his fingers under her blouse and bra to her bare breast. Sue unbuttoned her top to allow easier access. Her tits were nice firm and heavy. They fit perfectly in his hand. The nipples were hard and he toyed with them, tweaking them each in turn. 

Then she reached to feel his cock through his pants. Roy cock wasn't big but it was soon hard as a rock. As she handled him he had to fight for control, to prevent coming in his jeans.

All to soon they reached her house, pulling into the drive Sue asked if he wanted to come in for a coffee or something before going home.

"Any thing you have will be fine." 

Closing the door behind them he took her in his arms and they kissed. As they kissed she reached down and held his cock through his trousers, holding tight to his throbbing cock, asked. "Coffee, tea or me?" Saying. "I'm not usually this easy but it's been over a year and I need some loving if you are interested?"

Holding her tight he reached to start caressing her lovely breasts. "If I have a choice I'll have you anytime." He told her. "And I am interested, where is your room." She took his hand and led him through the house to her bedroom.

Leaving only a small lamp lit they slowly undressed each other and both were pleased by what they found. After exposing her lovely body and laying her on the bed he bent to her, kissing her pert nipples while running a hand down to play with her pussy. Sue spread her legs wide, opening her love canal to a exploring finger. Parting the sparse hair he found the moist slit. Inserting his finger feeling her juices begin to flow getting her ready for some hot sex.

Wanting to kiss her pussy he turned around and attached his mouth to her wide open slit. Even before he tasted her he could smell the heavenly aroma of her sexual arousal. She tasted as good as he knew she would. Sweet and tangy at the same time, a mixture that Roy has always loved. He liked eating pussy and did as often as he could.

She turned to engulf Roy's stiff cock in her mouth. Sucking it in and wrapping her tongue around the hard shaft. Sue started devouring his prick, she knew how to give good head. Fucking him with her mouth, sliding his hard prick in and out between her lips and licking the head with her eager tongue. She lovingly worked his cock.

"OH, OH, Great, suck my cock. Your so good! Please suck me."

It was too much for him, feeling the stirring in his balls he started to come. Filling her mouth with hot cum she sucked harder and deeper claiming it all. Swallowing his cum wishing there was more. 

Still wrapped in a 69 Sue kept him hard while he brought her to a climax again

"Now fuck me, FUCK ME please." She asked.

Rolling over she guided his prick to her cunt. Easily his prick slid into her willing pussy. Having just come he knew it would be able to last a long time and give them a good long, long fuck.

She wrapped her legs tight around his waist as his cock stroked steady in and out between her tight thighs. He enjoyed the feel of her velvet pussy around his prong. It had been too long since he had been fucked this well.

Tongue kissing her and squeezing her sensitive tits Roy fucked with her. Driving his hard cock as deep into her pussy as he could, they made love to each other.

A slight movement at the door caught Roy's eye. Looking that way he saw that Sue II was standing there watching as they fucked. 

She put a finger to her lips to sush him. Well if she wanted to watch let her. Besides she was a lot to look at too, she was totally naked. Her firm young tits, high and proud with hard pointed tips. A Very beautiful young lady, showing off all her charms. A beautiful younger version of her sexy mother.

One hand was clasped between her legs fingering herself and she started to toy with her nipples, first one then the other. A very erotic sight that caused him to increase speed, fucking her mother until they were both coming hard and fast.

Groaning with pleasure, murmuring fuck me, fuck me good, Sue climaxed under his body. He gave her a deposit of cum where she needed it most. Deep in her quivering, hot pussy.

This had to be the greatest fuck that Roy had ever had. Her pussy was grasping his spewing cock and milking the last few drops of cum from it. He wanted more of this great loving

Sue II blew Roy a kiss and smiling shut the door.

Roy's cock slowly deflated and he moved down her sweaty body to gaze at her wide open pussy slick with his cum slowly leaking out. Lowering his mouth he kissed then licked at the swollen lips retrieving his deposit and bringing her to another climax.

They hugged and kissed, murmuring sweet words of endearment in the afterglow of a great sex bout and soon both drifted off to sleep still wrapped together.

Waking to the morning sun and a pair of warm lips wrapped around a rising cock is a very nice way to start the day. Reaching down he held Sue's head as she sucked on his cock. She was good, whoever her teacher was, had taught her very well." Suck my cock, suck it as good as you did last night. You suck soooo well.

She sucked it in and used her tongue to caress the stiff shaft and then licked the head sticking the tip of her tongue in the small pee hole while fucking him with her lips. Fantastic. Rob started to come in her sweet mouth and she sucked him dry.

The bedroom door opened and Sue, naked, fresh from the shower, walked in just as Rob finished shooting a full load in the sucking mouth.

"Susan!! What are you doing in here?" She cried. "I don't think Roy is ready for this yet."

"Hi mom." Sue II said, looking up from between his legs as she swallowed the last drop of Rob's cum. "I knew you might get angry but I couldn't help it. I was horny and wanted to have some fun and he looked so good laying there naked"

"What's going on here?" He asked totally shocked, sitting up in bed trying to cover himself. "I thought she was you. I didn't know it was her not you."

"It's okay Roy, I'll explain everything to you." Sue said as she sat beside him and gave him a kiss. 

He felt strange sitting naked in bed next to a naked woman while her equally naked daughter laid with her head inches from his now limp cock which she had just expertly sucked off. "Let me explain, about five years ago Susan saw Jim and I screwing and asked me later all about sex. She knew the facts about sex but she wanted to know more. Asked what it felt like and if we enjoyed doing it. How often we did it."

"After we talked it over and we decided to let her watch us a few times. Watch, that's all. The first time we were nervous but things went okay. We made her swear that this was to be just our secret, no one else must ever know. Undressing in the bed room Jim and I got on the bed. She laid beside us and I showed her how I got Jim's cock hard by sucking it as he played with my titties"

"She watched as Jim entered my pussy and we started to fuck. We gave her quite a show as we both were hotter than ever with her watching. I came almost as soon as his cock hit my clit and must have had five or six climaxes with that hard cock pounding into my cunt."

"Harder and harder Jim pounded his stiff prick deep in my hot, sloppy wet pussy. I felt him shudder and shoot creamy cum in me. Staying hard he kept going, giving me more of his lovely cock. MORE - More. Give me more of that hard cock. I kept saying."

After we finally finished Sue kissed us both good night and went to her bed.

Jim and I both agreed that it was fun with her being there, inspiring us to do more. I knew then that this could lead to a lot more in the future.

"The next night she got naked with us. She was starting to grow little titties and when Jim played with mine she played with hers and then when he fingered my pussy she did hers. It feels good she said, "I like doing this."

The next time we let her handle Jim's cock helping to get him hard and then guide it to my pussy lips and fit it in. His cock felt bigger than ever and filled me completely.

"As we fucked she got on Jim's back and rode him till we were done. Then wanted us to play with her which we both did. We teased her young body for a while, kissing and playing with her little titties and fingered her pussy before sending her to her bed." 

"The next few nights she played with both of us. She liked getting Jim ready to fuck me. And we taught her how to play with herself and she had her first climax."

"About a week later she watched as I sucked Jim and wanted to do the same. Jim and I showed her how and what to do. Then we let her suck him off, she swallowed his cum the first time and loved it."

"Well she learned very well." Roy said. "She's great."

"She's had a lot of practice, for the next couple years we did all forms of oral sex. We took turns sucking Jim's cock, he sucked us and we even ate each others pussys. Jim didn't fuck her until one night when she sat on Jim's hard cock and before he realized it he was deep in her cunt. Too late to stop, so after that we were a very happy fucking family until the accident."

As Sue was telling him this she was playing with his cock and as it got hard Sue II started to suck again.

"You had some already." Sue said. "Now its my turn, change places with me."

As Sue started to suck on his cock Sue II moved to cover Roy's face with her pussy pressing it to his lips and allowing his tongue access to her sweet cunt. 

This was great, being sucked by a beautiful lady while he ate her lovely daughter at the same time. They spent several hours doing all different sexy things. Taking turns sucking and fucking each other in every position they could. Luckily it was a king size bed.

Roy had more and better sex that day than most men have in a year.

Sue fixed some lunch and they sat around the table still naked, no sense getting dressed, nothing to hide by this time.

"This is nice being bare like this." Said Sue II. "We should start a nudist house here."

After lunch Sue II got a call inviting her to a pool party at a girl friends and wearing only her t-shirt over bikini bottoms she left. Kissing Roy and saying. "Please come back to visit US, I would like to make love with you again."

"Well?" Sue asked. "What do you think about this crazy family?"

"Different but I loved it, even if you both wear me out." He told her. "But I would like to see you alone more often if I can?"

"I would like that also, I need a man in my life." Sue said. "I haven't dated since the accident, and it's about time. I like the way we made love and we fit in lots of ways. I want more of you, lots more." 

Spending the rest of the day lounging around her pool, getting to know each other better. Still naked, enjoying the sun on their bare bodies and making love a couple more times.

"Maybe Sue II was right, we should start a nudist house. New rule, no clothing allowed here by anyone." Sue told him. We will all go naked here." They had a late dinner, watched some TV and went to bed together, made love and then went to sleep. Waking up slightly when Sue II came in, stripped naked and crawled into bed next to them and went to sleep. 

After a shower in the morning we three had breakfast together still naked. Sue II said that Moms new rule was great and couldn't wait to tell some of her girl friends about it and invite them over, they will love it.

"Hold on young lady, we don't want to get in trouble, your girl friends are too young for this." Sue said.

"Don't worry, their cool. Three of them are fucking with their fathers and two with their brothers too. Ted, the boy I've been fucking with is also making it with his divorced mother a couple times a week. We party together a lot so its not a big deal with us." 

Sue II left to visit her friends while Sue and Roy went out for a drive. He took her to see his apartment, it was a very tiny place. The sofa made into a bed, room for a chair and TV, small table in a small kitchenette. "It's not much but it's home for now. The best I could find on short notice, the rents five hundred with utilities, it's furnished except for the TV."

After wandering through a couple flea markets and having lunch they went to the beach, walked in the sand and talked more. Getting late they decided to go back to her house.

Two strange vans were parked in the drive. On entering the house a sign greeted them. 

BE BARE OR BEWARE THE DRAGON. BE BARE OR YOUR BUTT WILL BE DRAGGING. by order of – The BITCH of the House "What the hell is she doing?" Sue exclaimed. "Where is she?"

Looking out the window over to the pool Roy called her attention to what he saw. 

Three bare naked girls and three equally naked boys playing a game of bad mitten in the back yard. Six good looking teenagers bouncing around totally naked, enjoying the freedom of their young bodies bared to the warmth of the sun.

"What's going on here" Sue exclaimed.

"Keep your cool." He told her. "They aren't doing any thing out of order. And it is your rule."

When the kids saw Sue and Roy they stopped their game and came to greet them. They were all about eighteen or so. The boys were slim and good looking and well hung. The girls were built with nice looking tits and cute asses. A healthy bunch of kids. None were even slightly shy about being naked in front of us. Sue II said. "Your breaking the rule Mom? Get naked! You too Roy."

Roy told Sue. "You made the rule, abide by it." As he undressed.

"Why the hell not." Sue said and stripped. "I made the rule and I guess I have to live with it." It felt a little strange being naked with this group of kids but was also very exciting to her. She could feel her juices start to flow.

After Sue and Roy were naked, Sue II introduced the others, Ted was the boy she was with, Mike and Mary who were twins and Jo with her big brother Jim. Big was the right name for him, he was big, his cock was soft but about six inches long. Sue wondered how it would look hard and hoped she could find out sometime.

They joined the kids in the pool, swimming and splashing for a while, then they split up for a little private fun. 

Sue noticed that Jo and Jim were together kissing and the twins were doing the same. When she asked. Sue II about it she said that they usually kept things in the family. "The whole family gets together to fuck once in a while. Their parents are swingers." 

Sue, Sue II, Ted and Roy were gathered together at one end of the pool. Roy had a hand on each girls tit and so did Ted. The girls were also playing with their cocks. Sue II was holding Roy and Sue had Ted's hardening prick in hers. She could feel it growing bigger and harder. No wonder her daughter liked him, she thought.

Sue II told her mom that she and Ted wanted to be with her and Roy and have a little fun, four of us together. "It will be fun for us all. Ted and I switch with the twins once in a while and we've all fucked with Jo and Jim a few times."
