 I work in a hospital as a nurse, and through the years I have met a lot of different people. Some good some not so good. The two that stand out the most are two other nurses that I have worked with for some time now. Judy and Tamara. Actually Judy is a nurse and Tamara is a nursing supervisor.

Over the last year and a half we have become good friends. We all suffered through divorce and although I don't have any children they both did. We helped each other through the hard part of the divorce and were there for the hugs and other things that were needed to get each other thru.

I never really looked at either of them in any other way other than good friends. Yeah, I thought both of them were good looking and I wouldn't have minded spending a few hours in the sack with either of them. But that was not any where in the equation at the time.

Fall had come and after they go themselves and their kids in to the school mode again, they were starting to feel their roots. Judy had had a few dates but nothing came of them. Tamara was not trying to date anyone, as she felt it wasn't time yet. She was still kind of getting over the divorce as hers was the nastiest of the three.

Late October came and the announcement for the annual Xmas party came out in the mail and I was trying to decide if I was going to go. Judy, myself and Tamara, were having lunch one day and we were talking about it. We decided to go as a trio and just have some fun.

So the day of the party came, and I had made arrangements for a limo to pick us up for the party and to take us back home again. Tamara, had suggested that we meet at her house for a drink before, so when the limo arrived we all piled in and headed for the party.

The dinner was the usual fare, and after the speeches were done, the party finally got going. The music was really good with a good mix of modern, older rock and some nice slow stuff for snuggling. Judy were up on the dance floor quite a lot with the faster stuff, and I got to slow dance with both of them a fair amount and they did cuddle in real close.

At the end of the night, we were all feeling a little tipsy but not really drunk. We got in the limo and headed back to Tamara's place. As we got there she suggested a night cap. We went in and soon were on the couch enjoy the drink and the after glow of the party.

Tamara was feeling a little down so I had put my arm around her and she snuggled in with her head on my shoulder and her face right at my neck. Judy finally did the same and we sat there for a while in that position. Tamara suddenly kissed my neck. I turned to look at her and she reached up and gave me a peck on the lips. As she pulled away she had a smile on her face, so I leaned in and kissed her again, pulling her close. The kiss was sweet and passionate, not hot and hurried. As we parted. Judy said. "Don't forget about me."

I turned to her and gave her the same type of kiss. As we parted, Tamara looked at her, and said, "I want one too."

Judy leaned across me and started to kiss Tamara. That kiss was a lot hotter than the other two, and it seemed to go on for a lot longer. I looked at them kissing and I thought that this might be something worth exploring.

I put the back of my hands on their breast and slowly rubbed. Their kiss became even more passionate as they put their arms around each other.

When they finally broke their kiss, Tamara, said, "Lets take this into the bedroom."

We headed to the bedroom and without saying a word we all got naked. I got to see two amazing bodies. Judy is about five foot ten, and slim with a tight ass, and sweet larger B cup breasts. They were quite perky for someone who had three kids. Her nipples were standing out and ready for sucking. Tamara, is about five foot six and maybe ten pounds lighter. She also had a sweet tight ass, and her breast were just slightly larger than Judys'.

I got on the bed and the two girls got on either side of me and we were soon in the passionate moves that comes with three people involved. I was necking with Tamara, sucking tongue and Judy was stroking me and playing with Tamara's tits.

Judy suddenly said "Since this is Tamara's bed then she should be the first to get all the treatment."

I agreed and soon we had Tamara on her back. I went for her pussy as Judy was already sucking on her tits. Her pussy lips were already poking out and I started to suck on them. Tamara was moaning as we got her really worked up. I started to suck on her clit and she started to squirm. She didn't last long as she exploded in a huge orgasm. She writhed around the bed as we continued to work on her as she was cumming.

After she had settled down, I pulled her toward me as I got on my knees. She threw her legs on my shoulders. I slowly started to slide into her. She was amazingly tight, and hot and wet. Just as I got into her Judy grabbed her legs and pulled them over her head. That gave me another inch to slide into her. 

Judy said, "Give it to her hard, lets see her scream."

Tamara said, "yeah baby fuck me hard fill my hot pussy with that cock, stretch me out make me hurt from being pounded hard."

I started slow letting my cock get good and wet from her pussy, and soon I was pounding hard into her. Tamara said, "That's the way I like hard deep and fast, and Judy bring your pussy over here so I can suck on it."

Judy planted her pussy on Tamara's face and soon she was moaning as Tamara ate her. That was just about all I could stand and I started to really drive into Tamara. Tamara started to buck as she was starting to cum. I managed to hold off but barely as she came. She clamped down on me so hard that I could barely move inside of her. I could feel her cum squirting out around my cock as she came. Judy soon came too and filled Tamara's mouth with hot pussy juice. I could hear Tamara gulping as she drank it in.

As they finally settled down Judy got off of Tamara and laid on the bed. Tamara sighed as she laid there and said, "God that felt good, and Judy you taste so sweet. Bob you have to taste her pussy. It is so sweet and wet."

But Tamara then got on her knees and put her ass to me. She said, "Fuck me again, fill my cunt one more time. Make me cum hard. And then we will take care of Judy."

As I entered Tamara from the back Judy got in front of her and Tamara just dove in and started to lick and suck her with a passion. I couldn't help myself and I was soon driving into Tamara hard and fast. She was meeting my thrust as she would push back. I couldn't last any longer and I started to cum hard filling her with hot sticky cum. That pushed her over and she came hard moaning into Judys' pussy. That pushed Judy over as she came squirting into Tamara's mouth again.

We all collapsed on the bed, and just laid there for a while, trying to catch out breath and calm down a little.

Judy got us started again as she had her head on my chest and was slowly stroking me. It didn't take long and soon I was as hard as before. She mounted me in a reverse cowboy and laid against me. That left her open with her clit sticking out and my cock deep into her pussy. Her pussy was just as tight and just as wet and maybe a little hotter. It was about to get hotter yet. Tamara, started to play with Judys' clit and soon Judy was screaming, "OMG, fuck, play with my pussy you slut, make me cum, make me soak his cock with juice. That's right, right there, finger my clit, make me hot. I am going to cum, make me cum hard."

Just as Judy started to cum Tamara bent over and started to suck Judys' juices as they squirted out. She lapped them all up and got her hot again. Judy got off me and laid on her back and I rolled over, and was soon fucking her hard. She was screaming, "Fuck me hard, fill me up you hot cock. Drive it in and rip me apart. Come on give it to me hard, make me your fuck toy."

I didn't last much longer and soon was shooting my second load of the night filling her pussy with hot cum. Judys' eyes soon rolled in her head as she came hard this time squirting her juices all over my cock and balls.

After we had settled, and I had softened, we laid on the bed again and soon were cuddled to sleep. I had Judy behind me and Tamara in front of me. I had a hand on one of Tamara's breasts, and Judy had my cock in her hand.

About Four in the morning I was awoke by something moist and hot on my cock. Tamara was licking and sucking me. Judy was still asleep and we tried to be quiet as Tamara sucked me until I got hard. After she got me hard, she climbed up and took me in her and slowly started to pump as we fucked. She didn't last long and soon was cumming again. After she finished, she rolled over and cuddled up again and fell asleep.

Morning came, and we all needed a shower as we all reeked of sex and cum and sweat. Tamara went out and put coffee on as Judy go into the shower. We all soon had had showers and were walking around in robes that Tamara had had in her closet.

We spent the day in the robes and out of them, as we spent the whole day fucking and cumming.

Tamara, admitted at the end of the day as we climbed into bed for another long session that she had wanted both of us for a long time. She said that she had dreams of both of us, in a group and singly. Judy said that she had wanted to fuck me for a long time and when her and Tamara had been dancing realized that she wanted Tamara too.

I told them that I had thought about the idea of having sex with both of them but not as a group. But I was glad that it had happened.

We get together quite often for group sessions, but have been with each other otherwise too. We are talking about moving into together as a group and living like that.

It seems that besides good sex we have a lot in common and it would make for an interesting living relationship. 

I have gone and had the big snip so that there won't be any more kids coming along. And both Judy and Tamara have explained things to their kids. We are now looking for a house big enough to handle all of us.