 My mobile phone buzzed once on the counter of my bathroom and the rectangular outer screen lit up. I heard it as I stepped from the shower and despite the steamed up screen, I could see that I had a new text. 

It brought a shiver of apprehension. I suspected who it was from. And it made me wet. 

I ignored the irresistible temptation to look and threw open the bathroom door. Steam spilled into the bedroom as I crossed over to the floor-length mirror in the corner. Once upon a time, I remembered the kinkiness of watching myself in this mirror from the bed as my husband took me from behind. 

Sadly, those days were long gone...

I appraised the firmness of my naked body in the mirror and tried to understand why I wasn't good enough for my husband. 

My breasts were fabulous. My stomach, after all that work in the gym, had long since shed any excess fat. My ass was still nice and tight. And my clean shaven pussy was already showing signs of arousal from thoughts of who had sent me the text. 

I cocked my hip to the right and stretched my body upwards, posing like the runway model I had always imagined myself to be. Except that I wasn't. I was a secretary in a job that was boring me to death. I needed excitement in my life. 

And if I allowed it, Sonjjii Lerue Legg was willing to provide it.

The forty-seven year old black catholic school teacher had made her interest known to me at a party a month or so ago. Just thinking about what had happened made my knees tremble. 

The last time I'd experimented with women had been in my teens and I certainly wasn't looking for an affair, despite my husband's almost complete lack of interest in me. But there was something about the way Sonjjii had looked at me with those dark eyes that night, the way she'd talked to me, the way it felt like she could read my mind. 

I'd made it clear I wasn't interested in taking things further. Or at least I'd thought I had. Maybe she'd seen past my weak words and focused on the look in my eyes? Whatever the reason, she had chased me relentlessly since then. Phone calls, texts, each designed to raise my sexual temperature even further. 

If it had been a guy I would have thought of it as harassment. But the fact it was Sonjjii chasing me, and that she wouldn't take 'no' as an answer, was surprisingly appealing. I was flattered that she was taking such an interest in me and being so persistent. She was winning me around and, with Donald completely disinterested in me I'd lost count of the number of times I'd masturbated to thoughts of her.

I tried to park the lewd thoughts and slipped into a lacy white thong and strapless white bra. But I couldn't resist. I wandered back into the bathroom and checked the text message on my mobile. 

'Looking forward to seeing you at the party tonight, hot ass...'

I shivered again. Tingling sensations formed between my thighs. 

Donald would no doubt get drunk again tonight. That was par for the course, nowadays. But this time, rather than trying to clean up the mess he left behind, I was going to enjoy myself instead. 

With an uncanny sense of timing, my hero of a husband walked into the bedroom just as I was rolling on my black stay-ups. 

"Claire, have you seen my wallet? I can't find it anywhere."

He didn't even give me a second glance. Switching legs, I sighed inwardly. Once upon a time he would have thrown me on the bed and ravished me at the sight of me wearing thigh highs. Now, he didn't even blink. 

"Did you check the top of your dresser?" 

"Ah, okay, yeah." 

That was that. No kiss. Not even a compliment. He was gone as quickly as he'd arrived. And from the way he had slightly slurred his words, he'd already begun drinking. 

The pattern was always the same. He'd get drunk, flirt inappropriately with someone half his age, make a fool out of the two of them, and then pass out. I'd usually be making excuses for him all night, but not this time. Tonight, I'd be doing a little flirting of my own.

If Donald didn't want me, there was a hot black woman that did. 

*

The evening had proved to be everything I'd feared. And we'd only been here a couple of hours. If it wasn't for the fact I hadn't been able to find Sonjjii yet, I would already be heading back home.

Instead, I was in a conversation with Jack Roseburg and his wife. Their entire conversation centred on their most recent holiday—it always did—and as usual I was listening with half an ear. But this time, the reason for my lack of it wasn't just boredom. I was watching my husband over their shoulders.

How could he... and in such plain sight?

He was so drunk he could hardly stand straight and yet he was on the dance floor, thinking he was John Travolta. Worse still, he was dancing with Sally Masterson's daughter and his hands were all over her. It was sickening. She had barely turned eighteen. 

I'd known he'd been drinking when he interrupted me in the house, searching for his missing wallet. Only I hadn't realised how much. He continued until it was time to leave for the party and by then he was too inebriated to drive. I wasn't in the mood to stay sober—why should I—so we taxied to the party. 

Maybe I should have tried to stop him when he went straight for the bar but that would only have led to an unseemly argument. So I let him get on with it and started circulating, looking for Sonjjii. 

Why wasn't I able to find her?

"Are you okay?" Jack Roseburg asked, as he stole another glass of red wine from a passing tray.

His words barely registered through the thick haze of my anger and embarrassment as I watched Donald try to kiss the girl. The stupid, fucking, imbecile! It took a moment for me to reconnect and when I did, Roseburg's gaze had already begun to follow my own towards the dance floor. My face flooded with heat. 

"No!" I yelped, before his eyes found Donald. 

His eyes turned back towards me and I could see his wife glancing sideways at me. At least that meant their attention had reverted back to me.

"I mean ... sorry, yes. I think I may have had too much to drink, too fast." 

In a sense it was true Donald wasn't holding back and neither was I. But I always trusted myself to stay the right side of the line.

"I think I just need a little air," I went on, excusing myself.

If my husband was going to make a fool of himself, then I wasn't going to stay around and watch. Nor was I in the mood for any more holiday stories about their cruise to who-knows-fucking-where. I'd had more than my fill tonight. One more drink, I told myself, as I grabbed another glass of wine and headed across the room towards the patio doors. Then I was outta here.

I'd just reached the garden when I felt fingers stroke my ass through my dress. I swung around angrily. Whichever dickhead thought he could make a pass at me was going to get a piece of my mind.

The black woman's gaze grinned at me as she saw the anger in my eyes turn to surprise and then to bashful embarrassment.

"I've been looking for you all evening," she said meaningfully.

*

Sonjjii gently took me by my arm and guided me out onto the patio area, and then down some steps that took us to the small secluded garden a level below. A few wooden tables with bench seats were strategically placed around the garden area, some lit up by the subdued lighting from the terrace above, but others in the semi dark, close to the bushes that bordered the area.

"How the fuck did ya end up with him?" she eventually asked as we stopped beside the first bench.

Her tone was full of contempt.

She turned to face me and leant casually against the back of the bench, crossing her arms over her full breasts. Those dark eyes stared into my soul. I opened my mouth but couldn't answer.

"He's pissed out of his mind," she continued. "You've seen him trying to dance? Trying to fuck that young blonde, more like. You gonna put up with that girl?" 

I could feel tears building up behind my eyelashes. She was right. Why the fuck did I put up with it? Strangely, I hadn't realised that other people would see him for what he had turned into. What the fuck had happened to the man I married?

I glanced away into the distance, choking back the tears, and when I looked at Sonjjii again, her brown eyes were travelling slowly up and down my body. A bolt of electricity shot through me. She looked like an animal preparing to feed.

Without another word being spoken, she reached out and took my right hand in hers, roughly pulling me against her body. I could feel her wonderful curves moulding into mine through our dresses and tried to regulate my breathing. My heart felt as if it was going to jump out of my chest and I knew my nipples were clearly on show. 

"Don't be scared, Claire," she whispered. "We both know you need Sonjjii to satisfy that sweet little ass."

I gasped out loud. She was slowly moving her body, grinding it against mine, and her lips were a fraction away.

"No," I found myself saying. "We can't."

Those full lips creased into a smile. "Don't worry sexy, it's all good."

My body was reacting. It was shaking in fear ... or anticipation ... or as a result of the way she was working hers against mine. My eyes widened and Sonjjii's smile grew broader as she saw the confusion in my gaze. There was only one person in control and it wasn't me.

I shook my head, scrunched up my eyes ... anything to try and stop the feelings inside me. But my body had started to move against hers.

"See, you like what I'm doing to you, don't ya, baby?"

I found the will from somewhere to shake my head. But I wasn't fooling either of us.

"Sure ya do..." she whispered.

Her lips were a fraction away. They weren't too big or too small—dammit, they were just perfect—and their peachy colour only added to their allure

"I can feel your pussy heat..."

I sighed as I felt her hand wrap itself around the back of my neck. When her mouth covered mine, all resistance was gone.

The kiss was electrifying. Her open mouth, peach coloured lips and flicking tongue were all over me and I responded just as passionately, mauling her back like a ravenous beast. Her lips were more demanding than any person I'd ever kissed before and we began to make out like rabid animals.

Before I knew it, her hand slid up the inside of my thigh. 

"Stockings," she whispered as she transferred her attention to my neck. Oh God, how did she know what that did to me? "I love stockings."

Her touch was perfect as she slipped her hand beneath my thong and cupped my mound. I bit my lip and knew this was getting out of hand, but I was powerless to resist.

"Dayuuuum, your tiny twat is running like a river, she whispered into my ear. "See how much you fuckin' love it. Tell me."

I didn't speak, couldn't speak. This wasn't real, it shouldn't be happening. But when she stopped moving her hand, I heard myself give a groan of disappointment.

"You're gaggin' for it," she told me, looking into my eyes.

She kept her hand there, but refused to continue the exquisite pleasuring until she had what she wanted.

"Tell me..."

"Yes," I heard someone say. The voice sounded like mine. "Yes. Please... don't stop."

"So you do want me," she teased.

There was no denying it any longer. The needs of my body were betraying me.

"Yes," I whispered through my clenched teeth. "Yesssssss..."

That hot look on her face hanged to one of triumph.

"That was music to my ears, baby."

Without warning, she pulled her hand away. But it was only so that she could take my arm and urgently guide me towards a bench completely out of the semi-light.

I shivered as she turned me away from her. When she bent me forward over the bench I had no option other than to rest my palms on the wooden top. The fire in her eyes as I glanced back at her over my shoulder made me tremble. When she dragged the hem of my dress up to my waist, it was hard to catch my breath. But then her fingers were gripping the sides of my thong and ripping it into two pieces. 

The sexual heat pounded through my body.

"That ass is like daaaaayuuuuuum," she said, running a cool hand across both of my cheeks. 

The feeling was indescribable. I'd never considered myself as an ass person, but the way her hand was caressing across the firm globes of both my cheeks was making my pussy drip. So did her next words...

"One of these days I'm going to bite it like a ripe apple, then spread your ass open and lick from the front to back."

A wave of excitement shuddered through my body. I glanced around us. We were safe. We couldn't be seen. My fingers tightened on the bench in front of me. No, she couldn't... 

"Spread those legs babe," she ordered.

Her hand slithered under my ass as she spoke, stroking across my flesh. When her experienced fingers found my soaked pussy, she curled two fingers inside. I whimpered like a baby.

"Fuck, but you're tight," she murmured as she began to pump them slowly in and out. "Feels good, huh?"

My moans answered the question. My legs were quivering and I glanced over my shoulder again. When I involuntarily pushed back on her dark fingers, she smiled broadly. 

"That's it, baby. Sonjjii knows what you need. Now fuck those fingers."

I moaned as she began to fuck me with a hard and fast driving rhythm. My inner muscles clenched and unclenched as I tried to hold her fingers inside. My whimpers confirmed the need inside me. Each time she thrust her fingers into me I pumped my hips back. There was no escaping the relentless pressure, nor did I want to...

I knew I would have to deal with the guilt later, but I was past the point of no return. She pushed her fingers in deeper. 

"Fuck them harder," she whispered in my ear. 

I couldn't help myself. I began to pump back on her fingers like a machine. A frantic, out of control, fucking machine. 

"That's it," she rasped. Her left hand went to my hair and yanked my head back. "Your hot little cunt is so wet..."

The thought hit me from somewhere that, despite the semi-darkness around us, anyone could have crept up on us. I was making enough noise to attract attention, after all. They could be observing us now, revelling in the sight of a young white woman frantically riding that hand as her black lover finger-fucked her mercilessly. 

The thought rolled around inside my head and I spread my legs to steady myself. My orgasm exploded with an intensity I'd never previously experienced. The contractions came from deep inside my body and Sonjjii's hand was suddenly covering my mouth to muffle the scream tearing from my throat.

It took a few minutes for my breathing to return to normal... 

I tried to stand but my whole body was weak. Only Sonjjii's arms curled around my body prevented me from collapsing. She helped me sit on the bench until the aftershocks rocking my body began to settle.

"Take your time before you come back inside, baby," she whispered, taking a step back and grinning at me.

My eyes found hers as she raised her fingers to her mouth. She began to lick them like the cat that had got the cream.

"And don't leave here without saying goodbye..."

My eyes watched the way her sexy ass swung from side to side as she sauntered back towards the patio doors. I let a long sigh escape my lips but it was one of contentment. Perspiration covered the whole of my body. This was how a woman was supposed to feel like after sex. 

*

Conflicting emotions ravaged my mind as I stared out of the taxi window into the darkness. Donald was slumped across the seat beside me, pissed out of his mind, but for once I wasn't even giving a second thought to his pathetic behaviour. A fire had been lit inside my body and this one wasn't going to be easily extinguished.

As she had insisted, I'd sought Sonjjii out before leaving the party. I had done so tentatively but her warm smile immediately put me at ease. This woman made me feel alive again. She had cut short the conversation she was having with a couple of other women and surprised me by taking my hand.

"This way," she told me, walking me across the room and out into the long hallway.

People were all around us but she unerringly led me to the downstairs bathroom. My puzzlement turned into jaw-dropping excitement when she opened the door and practically yanked me inside.

I had wanted to tell her this was unwise, that people would talk, but instead I stood with my back to the door, waiting to see what she had in mind. Was she going to finger me again? I wanted that with all my heart.

Instead, she had taken my hand and pulled it under her dress. She wasn't wearing panties. And she was wet. Very wet.

She held my hand by the wrist as she worked my fingers across her labia, loving the way my heavy breathing betrayed my excitement. Her eyes hadn't left mine as she stroked herself with my fingers and then just as suddenly she was pulling my hand free again.

"Go ahead baby, you know you want to," she had told me, holding my fingers up to my mouth.

She had moaned appreciatively as I instantly parted my lips and tasted the deliciously heady and musky flavour. Within a couple of seconds, I was sucking on each juice-coated finger like I would on a cock.

"So fucking sexy," she grunted approvingly, watching my reaction closely as my tongue had gently licked along my lips and savoured her distinctive flavour. 

"You're going to get to love that taste, baby," she had murmured, gently stroking my hair. "But next time I'm going to teach you how to use that tongue."

ONE WEEK LATER

The rest of the weekend sucked as badly as I anticipated it would. I'd no idea if Donald had got off with the young blonde at the party and surprisingly no longer cared. He remained in an inebriated state for the next couple of days and we hardly exchanged more than few words all weekend. 

Life had to offer more than this.

I had contemplated an affair from time to time in my life, but only after Donald and my relationship had sunken to the depths. But even in my wildest moments I had never thought it would be with a woman. And one who was much older than I. There was almost twenty years difference in Sonjjii's and my age but that only added to the spice. I'd always preferred the company of more experienced women.

Was that what I was about to embark on? An affair?

Work the following week had seen life begin to return to normality, although my mind wasn't on my duties. Donald was away a lot on business and that suited me fine. My thoughts kept going back to Sonjjii and the way she'd taken me at the party. 

The orgasm had been so intense and I needed more. Much more.

By the end of the week I found myself masturbating several times each day. Sonjjii had released all those years of repressed desire in a single evening. And they had been unleashed with a vengeance. No matter what I was doing, my mind was constantly on sex, and my pussy was wet and ready for our next encounter. 

There was only one problem. Sonjjii hadn't contacted me since then. I couldn't understand why and it was driving me insane. 

She had bombarded me with messages leading up to the party and now there was nothing. Maybe she was having second thoughts, although that seemed hard to believe. Not after the passion of our encounters...

As often happens in life, the answer came when I least expected it ... on a Monday morning after Donald had already left for work. The doorbell rang and when I opened the door, my mouth dropped open.

"Hello girlfriend," Sonjjii said.

The sassy way she stood there made me instantly moist. She had that expression look on her face. And she looked so hot. Her black jeans hugged her hips and the white tank top left no doubt she was braless. Her nipples were proudly thrusting through the material and it was difficult not to stare.
