 Jessica had to pee. Half awake and still half drunk, she fumbled her way out of the strange bed and groped for her cel. Once located, it indicated 3:12. She worked hard to focus enough to remember where she was. 

Mark was snoring away in the darkness. He could sleep through a hurricane once he nodded off and she knew that he probably wouldn't be up until ten or eleven considering they'd partied until after two. She on the other hand was a light sleeper with a bladder that needed emptying often, especially when she'd been drinking. 

Or when she'd been fucking. That was something that she'd done plenty of that earlier in the evening. She stood, a touch of lightheadedness overcoming her for a moment. When her composure returned she stumbled forward and unlatched the door. Opening it, light washed into the room which although dim still took a few seconds for her eyes to adjust to. In the hallway she turned left and headed naked for the restroom. 

The door was not latched and she was surprised to find a man standing at the urinal relieving himself. Nonplussed, she parked her ass on the commode and let loose a jet of piss, sighing in relief as she did. She was sore, but it was that good sort of soreness that only comes after a good hard fucking and the evening had certainly been full of that.

Her toilet buddy finished his business, gave the urinal a little flush, and then rinsed his hands at the sink directly in front of her. He had a cute butt and was quite tall. When he turned to dry his hands she could tell he had a pretty decent sized cock even though it was flaccid and just dangling there. She was tempted to reach out and fondle it, get it hard and then suck on it, but before she collected her thoughts enough to act upon the idea, he was gone. She grabbed a patch of TP and dabbed away the few drops of moisture that clung to her pussy then flushed, rinsed, dried, headed back to the room where Mark lay.

He had become her lover six months earlier. Handsome and energetic, he'd swept her right off her feet, then over the process of several weeks stripped away layer after layer of inhibitions, introducing her to exhibitionism, then a surprise threesome with a male friend of his, another with a woman, and eventually several full swap foursomes. Along the way she'd first shaven her pussy then had it waxed and learned to enjoy eating another woman's pussy as much as she did sucking cock. Mark was great in bed, but he also enjoyed sharing her with others.

A week ago he had suggested they visit a swing club for a night. There were some off-premises clubs in town, but nothing that had a dedicated facility. As a result, they'd journeyed several hours to this place and there was certainly nothing to be disappointed about. It was large, with a lot of different facilities and there had been several hundred people present, all with pretty much the same thing on the minds: fuck and get fucked.

The bar was a BYOB affair and they had brought a fifth of Bacardi. After turning it over to Paul the bartender, he had set them up with rum and tonics and drinks in hand they had wandered about the place, investigating all the various nooks and crannies. There was a little bit of closed door activity going on and one of the private rooms was wide open with two women 69ing each other, but the majority of the activity seemed to be dance floor related. 

After locating the locker room they had changed out of their street clothes and into more comfortable and much skimpier attire. Mark was barefoot with paisley patterned boxers and a black T. Jessica opted for a gold spandex bodysuit. It was low cut, displaying a nice amount of cleavage, as well as letting her nipples proudly do their thing and displaying a nice cameltoe as well. It was tight enough that she felt as though she was constantly in an embrace, yet there was still enough flex that her breasts jiggled and bounced with every step she took in her four inch heels. The overall effect was that she felt wonderful and knew she looked as good as she felt. The rum began to add to the buzz as well. 

After refills from Pete, they took to the dance floor for a bit. Mark was beginning to get a bit of a tent going in the front of his boxers and his dick was bouncing around as much as her tits were. She had ground her ass against him several times to egg it on and soon a blonde dancing next to her joined in, the two of them using poor Mark as sandwich filling before leaving him to his own devices as they then clung to each other for a slow sultry number. Before the number was over they had put their tongues to good use exploring each others' mouths and Jessica realized she was getting pretty wet. 

The blonde was wearing a sheer black blouse with a black bra under and a short short blackwatch plaid schoolgirl style pleated skirt. Black thigh-highs and fuckmepumps completed the outfit and her long blonde hair was captured in two ponytails. When the number was over they wandered back to the bar where Mark was waiting. His tent had subsided it seemed. There had been introductions and small talk and after a few minutes they were joined by the blonde's husband. After refills all around, the four had set off in search of an available room. 

In the space of a half hour, the rooms had begun to fill up. Many had open doors with views of naked bodies locked in various positions. Jessica had never seen anything like it: cocksucking, pussylicking, cuntfucking, cockworshipping. It seemed like every open doorway revealed a different form of depravity and each one made her hotter and wetter. When they finally found an empty one she was dripping wet and ready for nothing other than having her clit pleasured and wet hole filled. Jessica and the blonde's clothing was dispensed of in quick order and soon they were side by side in a 69 position as the guys looked on, stroking their dicks. The blonde's pussy was smooth, juicy, and responsive. Her tits were firm and nipples rigid, like little cocks begging to be sucked on. The two buried their faces between each other's thighs and lapped away until together they crested the first orgasm of the night, exploding a torrent of girljuice in each others' faces. 

The men were anxious for some attention and soon the girls were on their knees each with the other's partner's cock in their mouth, sucking and slurping away. At one point Mark produced a couple condoms and the girls lay down on their backs so that the guys could slide between their legs to stuff their pussies with dick. Jessica watched as Mark gave the blonde as good a fucking as she herself was receiving. She had no idea whether the blonde came again, but she knew that she herself did several times before she found herself being spun over on all fours and then mounted from behind. That always sent her over the edge and soon she could tell that both guys came as well, groaning and howling as they did.

Afterward, the four rested a bit before gathering up their few articles of clothing and vacating the room. Rather than get dressed, they all filed their way through the hallways that were now getting crowded. Jessica felt liberated and had no desire to get dressed again anytime soon. When they reached the locker area she and Mark deposited their clothes, but she kept her shoes on. She liked the height they added and she knew they made her stand up straighter which thrust her chest forward a bit, presenting her tits better. Mark slipped on a black thong and they ventured back out to the partying. 

In one area, there was a room that opened up as a wide portion of one of the hallways. It was packed with people, most of whom were standing around sipping their beverages and watching a pile of a dozen or so people all having sex. Every few minutes someone would change positions or partners. There were a few more men than women, so most of the girls were occupied with a cock at both ends. Jessica felt herself getting wet again and she began playing with her pussy.

She wasn't the only one. Several bystanders were diddling themselves, stroking their cocks, or fondling their partners. One woman was on her knees with a cock in her mouth, feverishly facefucking away. She reached for Mark with her free hand only to find that someone else had beat her to it. Another woman's hand was firmly clenching his once again rigid member. Mark gave her a sly look then squeezed her ass. 

A couple more men had joined the pile. Jessica decided that the odds needed to be evened back up a bit and strutted over, tweeking her nipples as she did. There seemed to be no room to slip in, but suddenly she found herself on her back with a face between her legs. At first she thought it was a woman the way her pussy was administered to, but then she realized that it was an attractive man who was probably in his thirties and extremely skillful at cunnilingus. He buried his tongue inside her, he sucked her labia in his mouth and swished them around, he used the tip of his tongue like a vibrator on her swollen clit, and he slid first one and then two fingers inside her and fingerfucked her as he licked. 

Someone else presented a stiff cock to her lips which she eagerly accepted. It wasn't very large, but it was rock hard and nicely shaped. She was able to take it all deeply into her mouth and she liked the feeling of the taught hairy balls against her chin. Lost in the moment she erupted in a massive climax. No sooner had the wave passed over her than she felt a cock press at the mouth of her vagina, then slowly but steadily force its way inside her. This one was big and it felt great in there, stretching her wide and easily making contact with her cervix. 

She looked for Mark and saw him off at the edge of the room. The woman who had been stroking his cock before was now squatting in front of him sucking away on his dick. He looked up at her as well and smiled. Meanwhile the guy with the big cock buried in her was getting very serious about giving her a good pounding. Each thrust of that massive member slammed deeper and harder than she had ever been fucked before. She had fantasized about being filled like that some day and now that it was happening she loved the feeling of all that manhood deep inside, filling every inch of her and then some. 

There were naked bodies everywhere and everyone was lost in the moment. Someone had a hand on one of her breasts and she realized her right hand was wrapped around a stiff cock. It was nowhere as large as the one slamming away at her cunt, but it still felt wonderful to have it there, knowing that she had control over it and that with a little effort she could probably make it explode in her hand, spewing it's hot load all over her and anyone else within range. 

The cock inside her was an entirely different matter. She had no control over it. It was almost savage in the way it smashed away and she loved it. It was hard to tell much about the man connected with it, as he was mostly in silhouette from the light that came from behind and above him, but she could tell he was fairly hairy and had a stocky athletic build. Who cared – he had a magnificent cock and he really knew how to fuck.

She slipped into a different world where everything revolved around the sensations that emanated from her cunt. She usually hated the word cunt, but right then it seemed like the most appropriate term imaginable. She was having the daylights fucked out of her and terms like fuck and cunt and cock all suddenly made so much sense to her. 

The cock inside her suddenly throbbed intensely. She was disappointed that there was no feeling of hot semen erupting deep into her. He must have been wearing a condom. Nevertheless, she found herself exploding as well in a mind blowing orgasm the likes of which she had never known. It went on and on and on, wave after wave of intense overload, everything else ceasing to exist, only the throbbing heat and glow at her very core perceivable. On and on and on...

The cock was suddenly withdrawn and her cunt felt vacant and empty. She wanted something to fill her again, but nothing did. As she returned to earth, she realized that the cock she held in her hand was erupting, hot jizz blasting all over her side and lord only knew where else.

She released it and it too disappeared. The pile of people was dissipating. One by one they slipped off until she and one other woman were the only ones left. The other gave her a dreamy smile as the two of them went their separate ways. She was much taller than Jessica and her tits were covered in cum. Jess wondered if any of it was from the guy she had jerked off as she was being reamed. She continued to feel empty and desperately wanted to feel another hard piece of manmeat inside her. 

Mark had disappeared. As she wandered naked through the corridors peeking into rooms with open doors she wondered if he was tucked away somewhere fucking the daylights out of some hottie. Wandering back to the bar she realized she was the only totally naked one in that area and realized that there was actually a certain degree of decorum in the club. As soon as Paul poured her a new rum and tonic she scooted back to the maze of hallways and to the multiple scenes of sexual abandon that lay along the route. People were fucking everywhere and in every imaginable position. There were several love swings about, all occupied by women in various stages of ecstasy. There was even one perched in a doctor's exam table, feet in the stirrups receiving a very thorough examination.

Unable to stand it any longer, she popped down on a sofa in one of the lounge areas. It was a long sectional affair with a couple at each end, one involved in some serious cunnilingus the other in fellatio. Watching first one and then the other she lay back and slouched down then spread her legs wide and started to play with her clitoris. It didn't take long before she was nearing another climax. It also didn't take long before a handsome young man was standing before her with a rigid cock, stroking it for her enjoyment and then producing a condom from nowhere it seemed. 

He rolled it onto his rigid pole then kneeled down and positioned himself at the entrance to her hole. Jessica reached forward and pulled him toward her, craving him deep inside, filling her emptiness. Once she had totally engulfed him they began a slow steady rhythm. It felt awfully good to have something in there again. He wasn't as big as the one earlier had been, but it much better than being empty. 

Several other cocks began appearing and she reached out and began stroking them. Another was presented to her right in her face and she eagerly opened her mouth to take it as well. Hands were all over her and her nipples were being suck on. There was even a big hard-on rubbing against her right foot – gawd that was erotic. She loved having her feet fondled and the sensation of a stiff penis being rubbed all over her toes, instep, and ankle almost made her forget how good the one in her cunt felt. 

When the cock at her foot ejaculated all over her toes she lost it, erupting in an orgasm that went on far longer than anything she had ever experienced before. She wrapped her legs tightly around the back of the gorgeous young man pumping away at her and let go of the cock she had been clutching in each hand. The one in her mouth suddenly began to pulse, sending a torrent of hot creamy jizz down her throat that almost gagged her. The young man between her legs groaned and she could tell from the throbbing sensation deep inside that he was cumming as well. 

He pulled out and then she felt the wetness. A dozen or more cocks were all blasting their loads of spunk all over her naked body, covering her in juicy white goo. What a sensation to be the center of so much ecstasy, the focus of so much so many orgasms. She felt like the ultimate woman and at the same time exquisitely filthy. 

Then she saw Arnie. What the hell was he doing here? Her heart stopped for a moment with the shock. Arnie was a co-worker, back home, six hours away. Jessica struggled to claw her way through the fog of sexual bliss and alcohol in order to properly process image of him standing there.

He was naked. She was lying there spread eagle covered in cum. Had he really just blown his load all over her along with a dozen other guys? She was never going to live this down.

Arnie looked pretty good naked and had a nice cock too. A skinny brunette with heavy goth makeup stood next to him. She wore a black lace bodystocking that covered her head to toe except for the crotch area which obscenely exposed a shaved cunt with several pieces of hardware dangling from distended pussy lips.

Arnie smiled and flashed Jessica a thumbs up. The two then disappeared.

One of the guys offered her a hand and she wobbily stood. She could feel the cum slide down her body as she did. The spunk had cooled and didn't feel as good now. Then a towel appeared from nowhere and she began mopping up as she headed for the showers.

Off came the heels and into the warm spray she slipped. She soaped up and washed off all the sticky semen that remained. It felt good as the hot water rinsed the last of it away, almost as good as it had felt when she had been splattered in it. 

When she stepped out of the stall to dry off, she discovered a couple bent over the dressing counter fucking away. He was taking her from the rear, working away in slow sensual strokes. She was whimpering in ecstasy, he moaned occasionally. Jessica finished drying, but rather than give the couple some privacy, she reached between his legs to fondle his swollen balls. That seemed to send him over the edge and with a much louder groan he came, his balls throbbing in her hand as he pumped his load deep into his partner's womb. 

The two collapsed onto the counter and Jessica headed for the hot tub. It was crowded, but the occupants quickly made room for her. She squeezed in between a man and a woman and shortly thereafter found herself being groped by both of them. She didn't mind one bit as the hands roamed over her naked flesh beneath the surface of the bubbling water. 

Across the way two men sat perched on the edge of the tub, taking turns being attended to orally by a woman in the water. It went on and on, each time it seemed that one was just about to cum, the woman would switch to the other cock. Meanwhile Jessica felt a finger penetrate her. It felt good, but she was again craving a cock inside her and watching the fellatio performance made her want something hard to suck as well. 

She excused herself, got out, and dried off. After retrieving her heels from where she had left them in the shower area, she headed for the lockers where she left them atop the locker she and Mark had claimed earlier. Where was he anyway?

Heading out into the hallways again, it was no time at all before she picked up a trail of hungry males following her. There were several less than appetizing paunch bellied slobs but also several young bucks that were very promising. When she found an empty bedroom, she picked two of them to join her in it. 

Just as she was about to close the door, there was Arnie and the girl again. He had on a pair of silk boxers now. Jessica started to say something, but Arnie interrupted, asking if they could watch. Not really knowing what to say, she motioned them in.

The two studs stripped and were all over her immediately, their hands roaming everywhere and tongues soon following. Her eyes closed and she gave herself up to the moment. Mouths engulfed her nipples, nibbling and lightly biting. Fingers entered her and she felt hot breath on her cunt then a tongue there as well. A cock appeared at her mouth and soon another between her legs. She was fucked like that at both ends for a long time until the cock inside her cunt was spent and then the other took its place. 
