 Part one is available under the Erotic Couplings heading.

I stripped off my yellow bikini and stepped under the warm spray of my shower. The afternoon at the pool had been interesting, to say the least. As the tanning oil, chlorine, and sweat slipped away under my soapy sponge, I wondered if I’d see Rick again soon. He’d said we were going to get to know one another better. I was anxious to continue the process. I closed my eyes and imagined his hands on my body. Instead of my own soapy hands caressing my newly tanned breasts, they were his. It wasn’t the shower massager on my clit, it was his mouth… 

I was startled out of the fantasy by a knock at the door.

“Just a minute,” I called, wrapping a towel around myself hastily. “Coming,” well, I’d been close to doing so in the shower, if I hadn’t been so rudely interrupted!

I checked the peephole, and lo and behold, there was Rick. I opened the door.

“Hi, Ashley. Did I interrupt you?”

“Just getting cleaned up.”

“You look good in a towel. It’s your color.” He smiled.

“Thanks.”

“Anyway, I was going to invite you up to my place tonight. I’m having a little get together and I’d like you to come.”

“What time?” I asked, the prospect of spending an evening with him was a great one.

“Around nine. Nothing too fancy, just a few friends, some drinks, some music.”

“I’ll be there.”

“Great. See you then.” He winked. “Wear the towel.”

“I think I can find something a little more flattering in my closet.”

His finger traced the top of the towel, along my cleavage. An inch lower and… “I can’t imagine anything sexier than this.”

I took his hand and nipped the tip of the offending finger. “Except that!”

“See you in a few hours,” I said.

“Can’t wait.”

I opted for a sheer halter style sundress. The thin straps didn’t allow for a bra, but a little jiggle never seemed like a bad thing. I put on a sexy red thong underneath. Lace against my skin always made me feel confident. I left my long blonde hair down and finished the look with a pair of stiletto-heeled sandals. I grabbed a bottle of wine and headed up the stairs at quarter of ten. Fashionably late, of course.

I knocked on the door and was greeted by a tall brunette in a short black skirt and white oxford shift. “Come on in,” she said. “I’m Cecily. You are?”

“Ashley. I live downstairs.”

“Nice to meet you. Rick said you were coming. He’s out on the porch with my husband, Grant. They work together.” She put her arm around me. “Here, I’ll show you the way.” Cecily led me through a spartan living room, all muted earth tones and leather furniture. Very masculine. A few other partygoers were mingling in small groups. 

“Here we are,” she said, opening the door to the balcony. Rick was chatting with a blonde man. When he saw me, a smile broke out over his face as his eyes dipped over my body. “Ashley’s here,” Cecily said.

“So I see. You look great. Though I did like the towel, this works, too.” He put his arm around me. “I see you’ve met Cecily. This is her husband, Grant.” We shook hands. “Let me take that wine from you. Thanks, by the way. I have some open in the kitchen. Would you like me to get you a glass?”

“I’d love some,” I said. Rick disappeared into the apartment.

“Rick’s a great guy,” Cecily said as soon as he was out of earshot. “We’ve know each other for years. Grant and Rick roomed together in college, and then they both got jobs at Eventwire.”

“What do you do, Ashley?” Grant asked.

“I’m an administrative assistant as Barney, Banks and Field.”

“The lawyers?”

“Yes. I start Monday.”

Rick returned with a glass of white wine and handed it to me. His hand found it’s way to my bare back and caressed my skin. Soon, it found it’s way under the waist and was massaging my ass. His hand traced the material of my thong in the back. All the while, I was trying to concentrate on the conversation, but all I could think about was what those hands could do to my flesh. 

Grant was telling stories about their college days. He and Rick had always been the ones to organize the parties, so it was an obvious move to take jobs at Eventwire, which was a large company that staged parties at clubs and restaurants in the area. Cecily had met them at one such party, where she was a shot girl. I nodded and tried to contribute, drinking a few glasses of wine as I did so. I realized too late that I hadn’t eaten anything that afternoon or evening, so I was soon very tipsy.

The other guests at the party slowly left. By one a.m., it was just the four of us. We’d moved indoors, to the living room. Grant was playing DJ.

“Oh, I love this song!” Cecily said as he put on “Lady Marmalade.” She began to dance. “Come on, Ashley! Dance with me!”

I got up and joined her. Rick and Grant watched from the couch as we began to dance. “On the table!” Grant cried. So, up we went, onto the coffee table. Cecily put her arms around me and we giggled as we began to seductively grind to the tune.

“You have amazing tits,” She whispered. “Are they real?”

“Yep. A gift from my mom,” I said. “Yours are quite impressive, too.”

“Fake. Want to feel?” She unbuttoned her shirt as the guys hooted. 

“Take it off, baby!” Grant cried.

She took my hand and placed it on her huge breast. She looked me straight in the eye, the whole time. I could see the question in her eyes. So I rubbed her nipple with my thumb, maintaining the eye contact. “Amazing,” I said, slipping the shirt all the way off.

She turned me toward the men, rubbing her tits against the bare skin on my back. Her hands found the tie at my neck and undid my top. I winked at Rick as her hands came around me to caress my bare breasts from behind. Her tongue slid down the side of my neck. I let the dress fall to my ankles and kicked it to Rick. Cecily and I turned, our lips finding one another’s and began a slow, sensuous kiss as I unzipped her skirt. She was wearing black silk panties. My knee found itself between her legs, and hers between mine. I could feel just how wet that silk was. My red lace was getting there, as well. Our hands sought out one another, caressing, petting, panting, sliding, nipples against hard nipples, wet cunts to delicate knees, tongues to lips, tits, necks…

I glanced sideways at our audience. Rick had a huge hard on visible through his pants. Grant had already freed his cock and was stroking it as I stroked his wife.

“Time to involve the men?” I breathed into her ear. She nodded, a huge smile on her face. We got down from the table and slinked to the couch side by side. I unzipped Rick’s pants and took his rock hard cock into my hand. A straddled him on the couch and savored the feeling of his huge member pushing insistently at the lace of my panties. 

“Can you feel how wet I am?” I asked, teasing him. 

“God, yeah. Lets get those panties off…”

“Not yet.”

I unbuttoned his shirt and rubbed my tits into his chest, slithering on his pole until I couldn’t take it anymore.

“Now,” I said, standing up. I slowly inched the panties down, the anticipation building all the more.

“Christ,” Rick said, grabbing me and settling me into his lap. His cock felt divine sliding into my dripping wet cunt. I was so hot that I came instantly, my pussy clamping hard onto his pole. But he kept thrusting, guiding my hips up and down as he devoured my neck and tits in hot kisses.

I stole a glance and saw the Cecily had Grants cock in her mouth and was bobbing for all she was worth, really deep-throating him. Her eyes caught mine and she winked as he shot his load.

I was riding Rick like a bronco on the couch, taking his dick deep inside, then letting it nearly slip out before slamming it home again. Cecily watched with interest, then climbed up to sit on the back of the couch next to Rick’s head. She spread he legs and her pink twat glistened before me. I leaned forward, still riding Rick, and let my tongue slip over her swollen clit. Her hand came behind my head to guide me as I licked and sucked at her musky pussy while Rick pounded into me. Finally, As Cecily moaned and thrashed, Rick thrust into me deeply, emptying himself and triggering a mind-shattering orgasm on my part as well. 

We collapsed into a heap on the couch, all sweaty and exhausted.

“You’ll have to invite your new friend here along to our next event,” Grant said to Rick. “It’s so rare Cecily finds another girl she can get along with.”

“Of course I will,” he said, caressing my cheek. “It’s rare that I find a girl we can all get along with.”