 Fraser was sitting at the bar nursing his second pint before heading home to his wife, Charity. His mind was in turmoil; they had been married just short of four years, she was beautiful, had a heavenly figure and loved him dearly but .......... there's always a but isn't there? So what was the problem with this dream marriage? What is normally the problem -- sex!

Charity was brought up in a very religious family -- well, when your father is a minister what do you expect. When she had surrendered her virginity to Fraser, before their wedding, on a night of very high passion, she had regretted it almost immediately -- constantly saying how her soul was damned! Ever since, she had been trying to rectify matters in the eyes of God. They had never repeated their love-making until after the knot was tied and sex was strictly in the missionary position -- as her mother had told her, "It's called the missionary position because that is the only position God approves of -- all other ways are the work of the devil!"

Fraser loved Charity but -- there's that word again -- he wanted more! He wanted variety, hell, he wanted a blow job -- he wanted to cum on her face -- on her tits -- just the thought of anal raised a tent in his trousers!

He looked at his watch. Friday night -- just gone six -- he knew that Crystal would be expecting him to want to take her upstairs as soon as he got in -- she thought of it as his little treat at the end of a hard week's work. "Christ", he thought, "even sex has become a ritual. Isn't it supposed to be spontaneous and fun?"

He was about half way through his pint when Jack, a neighbour from four doors away sat down next to him.

"Hiya Fraz," he said, "want another? Why the long face?"

Fraser looked at his watch again; he really should be finishing up and getting home for his scheduled sex. The thought of performing perfunctory sex with Charity really didn't appeal; another pint on the other hand appealed enormously. He took out his phone and rang Charity, advising her that he was staying in the pub for a while; he thought she sounded disappointed but, hey, he's been disappointed for years!

"Cheers, mate -- I will, thanks -- not much to go home to anyway," he responded.

Jack got them both a pint and turned to Fraser, "I don't understand you, man. You have an angel of a wife, if you don't mind me saying so."

"That's half the problem, mate," stated Fraser, "she bloody wants to live the life of an angel as well!"

Fraser knew that Jack's wife, Sarah, was, for the want of a better word, a trollop. She had been with several of the men down the street to Fraser's knowledge and the postman frequently popped in for a "cup of tea." Fraser had to admit, she was a looker and, as an admirer of large breasts, her figure was more than appealing. He didn't think that Jack could be totally oblivious to his wife's goings on but surely no man would let his wife carry on that way, knowingly?

They had a few more pints as they exchanged idle chat; comparing the women down the street. Jack seemed to know them somewhat better than Fraser; calling them by "pet" names and often referring to what type of underwear they wore. It dawned on Fraser that Jack and Sarah must have what he had heard called an "open-marriage." Lucky bugger, he thought. That way, if your wife wasn't into whatever you fancied, you might always find another woman who was.

After his fifth pint, Fraser decided to confide in Jack about his problem.

His words slightly slurred as he told Jack of Charity's strict religious attitude to sex. "You see," he began, "she sees it more as a marital duty than something to be enjoyed. I blame her bloody parents; all that strict religious upbringing will send you either one way or the other -- unfortunately for me, Charity has taken it all as gospel -- scuse the pun -- and sees a life of 'good Christian dutiful sex' as her way back through the gates of heaven!"

"You need to get her to loosen up, man," said Jack, "you only live once -- there's no such thing as that bullshit of an afterlife they preach -- that's just society's way of trying to make us all stay monogamous -- stuff that -- that's what I say!"

Jack drained his pint and ordered them both another.

"Tell you what," Jack said, "you know the big house on the corner? The banker's house -- you know -- Mr and Mrs Grantham? They hold regular parties -- well, when I say parties I mean orgies, really. You and Crystal come to the next one -- it's at the end of this month -- if she doesn't loosen up there, she is a lost cause for sure!"

"She'll never agree to go to an orgy, Jack," said Fraser, "she would probably faint at the mere mention of the word!"

"Well, you don't tell her it's an orgy you fool -- just tell her it's a birthday party or something -- once she's through the door who knows what might happen? I'll bet she'll want to go, just to see inside the house. Once she's there and before the party really kicks off, give her a couple of stronger than usual drinks -- that'll loosen up that chastity belt of hers!"

"I'll think about it mate -- can you send me a text with the details? Better go, Crystal will be anxious to get the sex over and done with!"

Jack watched Fraser exit the pub, shaking his head at the thought of such a beautiful woman being virtually frigid. Looking around the bar, he noticed his neighbours' twin daughters sitting at a table and wandered over to join them.

When Fraser arrived home, Crystal was not in the best of moods. Fraser noticed that she had changed out of her "welcome home" attire of a shorter than normal dress and was in her "comfy" home pants and a sweat shirt. She ushered him through to the kitchen/diner, set his dinner before him and left him to it -- going to the living room and resuming a programme she had been watching.

Fraser ate his dried-up dinner, placed the plate and cutlery in the dishwasher and joined his wife in the living room. He sat next to her and noticed her visibly move away to create a gap between them. Looking more closely at her, he noticed that she appeared to have been crying; her eyes still watery and her face somewhat flushed.

"Why the tears, honey?" he asked.

"You've got a nerve, asking that," she answered, "we've only been married four years and you already find someone else's company at the pub, if indeed that is where you've been, preferable to having sex with your wife!"

"What do you mean "if that's where I've been"? You must have heard the background noise when I rang you," he responded.

"That was over two hours ago, Fraser. Plenty of time for you to go with some floozy and try out all those sexual depravities you wanted me to do with you!"

"Sexual depravities! Really Crystal, sometimes you are just too much. Just because not everyone lives by the strict puritanical guidelines your parents would have the whole world following doesn't make them sexual deviants! A variety of sexual positions exists so that people can experiment -- can try out different methods and find those they enjoy the best. Hell, before I hooked up with you, I used to really enjoy a girl going down on me with her mouth -- to misquote Shakespeare "Alas poor fellatio, I knew it well." Now all I ever get is "missionary position" -- Crystal, I love you, but you have one hell of a body and it's going to waste! And, no, I wasn't getting what I want elsewhere -- I spent the evening with Jack -- he can vouch for me."

"That womaniser!" she almost shouted, "Hell, with him it wouldn't surprise me if you had a foursome! His wife's been eyeing you up for some months, so I've heard, and he doesn't mind sharing her so how do I know you haven't been around his house?"

"For Christ's sake Cry.." before he could finish, she interrupted.

"Don't add to your list of sins by blaspheming in our house Fraser," she glared daggers at him before getting up, "I'm having an early night -- you can sleep down here -- I've left bedding for you in the corner."

Fraser watched his wife's sweet little arse disappear from sight and slouched back in his seat. "What the fuck is happening to our marriage," he thought, "Christ, all I want is a normal sex life -- is that really too much to ask?"

He waited for an hour or so to ensure that Crystal had time to go to sleep, before getting out his laptop and surfing for some porn. Remembering his conversation with Jack, he decided to search for orgies and was soon rewarded by a mass of bodies performing all the acts he could only dream of as well as some he had never heard of or thought about. Minutes later he was shooting his cum into a tissue before preparing his bed for the night.

In the morning things were still frosty between him and Crystal. He threw himself into getting some of the odd-jobs she kept nagging him about done, in the hope of earning some brownie points.

Finally, when Crystal deigned to speak with him, he told her that he truly had been in the pub all night and gave her a list of the people who might be able to vouch for him; one of which, although he didn't know it, was a close friend of Crystal's.

Crystal was soon on the phone to her friend and returned to Fraser in a much better mood.

"I'm sorry darling," she said, "but Jack has such a bad reputation around here -- I was just convinced that he had led you astray."

Fraser took her in his arms and caressed her back and neck. "I'm just glad you believed someone," he said, "although I would prefer it if you would trust me."

"Sorry honey. It's just that you've never done that before and I was left here worrying. Do you want to come upstairs and catch up on what you missed out on?" she asked.

"Not really," thought Fraser, "same old, same old," but he took Charity's hand and led her to the bedroom.

Once inside, he pulled her t-shirt over her head and unclipped her plain white bra -- "oh, for some sexy lingerie" he thought -- before undoing the button and zip on her jeans and sliding them down. He considered making a move to kiss her panty clad pussy but knew from previous experience that he would just get pushed away. Finally, he removed the matching plain panties and Crystal lay on the bed, legs akimbo. Fraser removed his own clothing, his cock still turned on by his wife's beautiful body, and climbed between her thighs. He stroked the head of his cock up and down her pussy lips, making them wet from his juices, then slipped into her. She was still heavenly tight and he grunted as he made his way further up her love tunnel until all six inches were wrapped warmly in her pussy. As was usual, at this point he lowered his mouth and kissed Charity firmly on the lips before starting to thrust in and out. It was a totally perfunctory fuck and Fraser made sure he came as quickly as he could before pulling out and going to the bathroom to shower.

Crystal lay on the bed for several minutes, totally unsatisfied. "Sex used to be so much better," she thought, "if Gail hadn't confirmed his story, I really would be worried that he was getting it elsewhere." Eventually she arose from the bed and followed Fraser to the bathroom where she sat on the toilet watching him shower. She sat admiring his body and loved to watch him stroke his cock when he was washing it but chided herself for "letting the devil into my thoughts." When he had finished, he left the water running for Charity to shower, grabbing a towel and drying himself off. He left the bathroom without even a cursory glance at Charity in the shower and went to get dressed.

Their days continued as normal and Fraser had almost forgotten his meeting with Jack until a text popped up on his phone. It was a reminder from Jack, saying, "The Grantham's -- 8pm -- bring a shedload of condoms!"

Fraser raised his head and looked across the table at Charity, sitting there in her white satin dressing gown. It clung to her figure invitingly and he was peeling it off her with his eyes and feasting on her naked body. His mind was racing around with thoughts of attending the "party". He would need to be prepared to see Charity being fucked by other men, including Jack, he had no doubt -- but on the plus side, he would get to experience a variety of pussies himself; possibly even anal sex! Oh God, yes, he was definitely going to try and make this happen!

"Charity, honey," he said, "there's a birthday party at the Grantham's this coming Saturday and they've invited the whole street -- be interesting to snoop around that big old place and see what it's like inside."

Charity's eyes lit up. "The Grantham's house -- I've always wanted to see inside there -- it's so big and looks almost stately. Whose birthday? -- we will need to get a present."

Fraser made a pretense of reading the message again; "It's the wife, Alessia's birthday -- says no presents -- just come prepared for fun."

"Strange wording," said Charity, "wonder what they mean by that? Anyway, honey, any chance I can go out and get a new outfit? I'll need something a bit special if we're going to go."

"Agreed, honey, but don't make it too dowdy. You are a beautiful, sexy woman and I want my neighbours to be jealous of me. How about we both go and I have the final nod of approval?"

Charity looked across at her husband, mulling this idea over. She knew he disapproved of her conservative way of dressing and she was concerned that she disappointed him this way. She decided to take the bull by the horns and go along with his suggestion; after all, he may have the final say but there would be no point in buying something if she was unwilling to wear it!

When Saturday arrived, it seemed to Charity that Fraser was getting rather excited about what was just a shopping trip to buy her a dress. She supposed it was the fact that he was going to see her in a variety of outfits somewhat more revealing than she usually wore. As she was thinking this, Charity felt a warm sensation between her thighs as the thought of Fraser getting aroused awoke her buried libido. She clenched her thighs together, sending a tingling sensation up her body. "My goodness," she thought, "this almost feels like masturbating."

She tried to put all thoughts out of her mind and hurriedly got dressed, making sure to have as little contact with her tingling pussy as possible. When ready she went down to Fraser, who was sitting with the car keys in his hand, raring to go.

Once at the shopping mall, Charity headed in the direction of her "go-to" store for clothes but Fraser grabbed her elbow and led her in a totally different direction.

"Where are we going Fraz?" she asked.

"You'll see," was the only response he offered.

They turned down a side mall that Charity had never ventured down, and Fraser led her to a shop with a collection of what Charity considered to be slutty dresses in the window. She considered refusing to go inside but decided to let him have his moment and she would then choose something smart and elegant from her usual store. Once inside she was surprised and, in some cases shocked, at the apparel that was available for women to wear.

"Fraser," she whispered, "you wouldn't catch me dead in anything in here!"

Fraser pulled out a few of the less slutty outfits for Charity to consider but she always shook her head. They left the shop without trying anything on. It was Charity's turn to lead the way and she led Fraser to her original destination, "Angels by Juliet." Fraser groaned as they entered the store, knowing that he was going to have to settle for something along Charity's usual puritanical lines.

He sat outside the changing rooms, refusing to give any of the dresses she tried on, his approval. Eventually she tired of this and suggested that he browse the store and choose a dress to his liking. Convinced he wouldn't find anything, he wandered the store looking at the variety of dresses on offer. Finally, a dress caught his eye that had possibilities; he pulled it off the rail and held it up -- at first glance a thoroughly respectable dress -- elegant, modest and, on the face of it, boring. However, it had buttons all the way down the front and Fraser could imagine his wife wearing it as he undid her buttons to reveal her luscious body at the party. He picked up the dress and took it to the changing rooms where Charity was waiting patiently. When she spotted the dress, she nodded approvingly and took it to the changing room to try on. When she re-appeared, she paraded in front of Fraser as if on a cat walk. She refused his suggestions that she undo a couple of the upper or lower buttons but was quite excited at the thought of Fraser undoing her buttons on a Friday night or, maybe, after the party on Saturday.

After they had purchased the dress, Fraser insisted that he choose her underwear to wear with it. After some heated discussion, Charity agreed to this on the proviso that it was not anything as slutty as a peephole bra or crotchless panties. Fraser grabbed her hand and dragged her to a sexy lingerie shop where he led her around the aisles before selecting black lace bra and matching panties together with stockings and suspenders. Charity almost went back on her agreement but decided as it was only her husband who would see her underwear she would, on this occasion, go along with his wishes.

They returned to the car with Fraser wearing a big grin on his face. He drove home as fast as he could and asked Charity for a fashion show with the full ensemble.

Charity went to the bedroom and stripped naked before putting on the underwear. She took her time, enjoying the feeling of the sheer stockings on her legs. She struggled with the suspender belt, never having worn one before but eventually figured it out. She then pulled the panties up and nestled them over her crotch before finally putting on the bra. She looked at herself in the mirror and, to her surprise, found herself sexually aroused by what she saw. She ran her hands down her sides, reaching round and feeling her arse through the lace panties before continuing her way down her legs to her silk encased thighs; she could feel her pussy becoming moist and pulled her hands off of her legs, chastising herself for her feelings. Finishing off the outfit with the dress, she again checked herself in the mirror, confirming that she looked perfectly respectable and that no-one could tell what sort of undies she had on. She even pulled a chair in front of the mirror and sat down to check what people might see if they were sitting opposite her in the room. Satisfied, she went downstairs to display their purchases to Fraser.

When Fraser saw her enter the room, she looked the picture of respectability. He was, however, already undoing the buttons in his mind; first revealing the lacy bra, quickly followed by the matching panties and suspender belt. He subconsciously rubbed his cock through his trousers at the thought -- a gesture that did not go unnoticed by Charity.

"Fraser," she chided him, "get your mind out of the gutter and tell me what you think."

"Very nice, honey," he said, "although I'm still convinced it would look better with a couple of buttons left undone."

He walked over to her and undid the top two buttons, revealing a glimpse of cleavage and a hint of black bra. Charity turned to look at herself in the hall mirror and tutted, immediately doing the buttons back up.

"Well, how about a couple at the bottom?" Fraser suggested, bending down and undoing the bottom three buttons. Charity turned and looked in the mirror; when standing still it looked fine but when she tried walking, as she looked in the mirror, she decided that too much leg was on display. She tried doing one of the buttons up but was still not satisfied and eventually settled on just the bottom button undone.

Fraser's face was a picture of disappointment as the buttons kept getting done up. He just lived in the hope that by the time the party was in full flow, plenty of buttons would be undone or the dress would be fully off.
