 I stepped out of the shower into the steamy bathroom. I slowly caressed my body with a towel and wiped away the glistening beads of water. I wrapped my hair in the towel and used the end to wipe the fog from the mirror. I stared at my reflection and wondered how I came to be the person that I am planning on becoming tonight.

Just a few short weeks ago, my husband and I started to live out some of our bedroom fantasies. We had enjoyed a healthy, active, and not so boring sex life, but always kept it to the two of us and the privacy of our own home. Well, we mostly kept it private. Now we had branched out a bit. We enjoyed going to strip clubs together and shared a few private lap dances. That led to meeting people on swinger sites and inviting them to our home. 

I admit, we mostly invited single men to join us. I loved being involved in the swinging lifestyle, but felt no attraction to other women so I was pretty nervous about taking the plunge. I also wasn't so sure about seeing my husband deriving such pleasure from another woman. All I knew was that involving another woman in any way would drive him wild with ecstasy and I needed to give him that experience.

We had talked about going to swing clubs, but I wasn't sure I would feel comfortable. I liked the privacy of our home. I eventually felt I could enjoy it, but told him I could never got to an on premise club.

So now I am looking at myself in the mirror and thinking that in about an hour I will be walking through the door of an on premise club and looking for me and my husband to have sex with a woman. Holy crap! Would I be able to do this?

I took out a black, see through baby doll top. It hugged my breasts just at the top of the nipples and flared out loosely from underneath my breasts. I pulled up a matching black g-string and a very short, very tight black skirt. I finished the look with black, spiked high heels. Did my hair and makeup just a bit more wild than usual and once again stepped back to look in the mirror. I liked what I saw, but is that what people wear to the clubs? Am I going to feel comfortable? Can I get through this night? Will I actually enjoy the night?

I go downstairs and see my husband who is all ready to go. He looks gorgeous and so sexy I almost want him to change so he would not be so appealing to others. But I kept my nerves to myself and headed out to the car. 

The drive there seemed interminable. So many times I wanted to tell him to turn around. Or maybe suggest we just go out for dinner and have a romantic night to ourselves. But then, where the hell could I go dressed like this other than a swing club?

We approach the club and he slows down to look for a parking space. I'm a jumble of nerves. I know my husband would not be mad if we did not participate in anything, but I wanted to give this night to him. I was going in and I was going to enjoy every minute of it! At least that's what I kept saying over and over again in my head.

We enter the club and my head is down. I can't seem to make eye contact with anyone. My husband pays the admission and we head in. 

"Wow! This place is really nice," I say to him. It was early yet so the club was not that crowded. I found that to be helpful. I started to relax a bit. 

I held his hand and tightly grasped his arm. We walked further into the club and I took it all in. The tables, chairs, couches, so many tvs with movies playing…. Ooh and over there… it's a pole on the dance floor. "That looks fun," I say as I point out the pole to my husband. He smiled at me and we walked on. 

We headed to the bar and got ourselves some non-alcoholic drinks. "Uh-oh," I think "this won't help get me relaxed!" But to my left, my husband is already engaged in conversations with two couples. 

I have no idea what they are talking about because I am focused on the women. "So, he wants to fuck her! Ok, ok. Get past the jealousy. He's just talking and he's here with you to do this together. Deal with it or leave now," I think to myself. So I turn my attention to the male counterparts. "Ugh! No way are you sleeping with those women cause nothing can get me with those men," I think. Time to stop thinking and join in. 

I tap my husband on the shoulder and suggest we move on. He smiles and takes my hand. We head over to a couch and sit down by ourselves. "How are you doing," he asks "holding up ok?"

"I'm fine, how are you doing?" I respond.

"I'm doing just great" he says and he leans over to kiss me. It is such a loving and passionate kiss that all the nervousness leaves my body and I'm ready to enjoy this amazing man that I am here with. 

His lips are so soft against mine, but he presses them firmly against mine and allows his tongue to enter my mouth. My tongue reaches out to meet his and every so often I lick his lips. His hand is on my thigh and it travels up to cup a breast. I feel a moan start and I move my hand from his thigh to his cock. He is rock hard and I moan out loud as I feel the throbbing. I can't help myself and my fingers wrap around his shaft as best as I can through his pants. I move his hand to my other breast. His lips leave mine and travel down my neck and make their way to my unoccupied breast. He uses his tongue to pull my shirt enough so that my nipple pops out. He takes it into his mouth and I feel like I am floating to heaven. 

" I can't believe how much I am enjoying you! I thought I would be too nervous here" I say. 

"What's to be nervous about? It's just you and me enjoying each other" he replied.

I smiled and went back to kissing every body part I could reach. We fondled and groped some more. I felt the moisture between my legs and couldn't wait to feel him inside me. But we came for more than this. I suggested we get up and walk around and see who else has come to the club.

We are glued to one another as we walk and look. I keep touching his ass and his cock and he keeps squeezing my breasts. I say, "I'm sorry honey. I really want to hook up with another couple, but I just don't see anyone that I think I can handle, much less really enjoy." 

"That's ok," he says "I'm just enjoying being here with you. We can just be alone tonight."

We find another couch and I lean back into the corner and pull him on top of me. I start kissing him passionately and running my hands along his body. We keep this up for a few moments when we stop to see what the movement around us is. 

There are now a few couples on the couches near us. I think, "Ok, I can actually sit here and have sex with my husband in front of these people. And… I think I'm going to love it!"

I'm just about to dive back into him when I notice another couple off by the bar. She is very tall with huge tits. I know my husband would love them. And her husband was cute. They seemed to be having a lot of fun. 

"I could do her," I say to my husband.

He looks over to see who I am talking about. I can tell he is getting quite excited at the idea. "I agree," he says " they look nice."

Before we can untangle ourselves from each other, the couple makes their way over and sits on the couch next to us. We start chatting and we all seem to be having a good time. I think it's actually going to happen, but then he gets up and leaves. She stays with us a few minutes longer and then she leaves.

"Oh well. I guess they weren't interested" my husband says.

We go back to kissing and soon feel the couch move as someone sits down. They are back. We talk some more.

She decided she is going to give her husband a lap dance. She straddles his lap and then announces, "I'm getting naked!" Off came her dress and back came my nerves.

"Is it ok if I ask her for a lap dance?" my husband whispers to me.

At this moment I can't even speak. I just nod my head. I see my husband lean over and say something to her, but I can't make out what he said. Doesn't matter. She stands up and brings her naked body over to my husband and straddles him.

I sit there dumbly just dealing with the jealousy that welled up inside me. I look over at her husband and he says, "Can I get one of those?"

Once again, I find I can't answer so I nod my head, walk over and straddle him. Immediately I feel my husband take my hand and give it a squeeze. Ok. That makes it better. 

I start to loosen up and move around a bit. I grind my pussy down onto the unfamiliar cock and feel it harden beneath me. I lean over and kiss his neck, his ears and finally his lips. I pull my head up and run my hands over his chest, feeling his erect nipples under my fingers.

I glance out of the corner or my eye and see that she has been working my husband out of his clothes. His hard cock is out and in her mouth and she is working his shirt off of him. I figure I should follow the lead so I take out my guys cock and place it in my mouth.

I begin to enjoy sucking as much as I normally do, only occasionally being aware of the other people surrounding us. I open my mouth wide and take his shaft in as far as it will go. I let my tongue roam and lick. I cup his balls in my hand as I lick and bring my tongue down to taste them as well. I pull my head up, take my breasts out of my shirt and squeeze his cock between them. I stroke him there and take the head into my mouth with each thrust. I'm aware that there is major action going on between my husband and her. 

I look over and catch his eye. I see love for me and some more of the jealousy leaves. I keep the cock pressed between my tits and lean over to kiss her. She has a large mouth and oh my god such a huge tongue. I know this must be pushing my husband right towards the edge so I make sure it is a good kiss for him to watch.

I pull away from her mouth, take a detour to suck and lick a breast and then head back to let my mouth work some more on the cock. 

It is at this point that I notice she is handing a condom to my husband. I tell myself not to freak out and I get a condom for my guy. He puts in on and I straddle him. This part I'm quite ok with. He feels fantastic inside me and I'm excited by the fact that my husband and I are out doing this together in public. 

We change positions. I am on my back, skirt pulled up, g-string pulled to the side, legs all the way up in the air, with a cock thrusting in and out of me. He is thrusting, rubbing my clit, licking my legs. I am reaching for his balls and meeting his every thrust. 

I look over and see my husband licking her pussy and hear her having an orgasm. I realize I have started to moan loudly and I cum with his cocking deep inside me. He keeps thrusting until he climaxes.

I sit up and see she is now sucking my husband. I lean over and lick his nipples and move down so that I can join her at his cock. We both lick, suck, stroke. I make sure he sees our tongues meet. Then I pull her up with me and we bring our mouths to my husbands so we can all share a kiss. 

I know he must be drooling over her tits so I tell him that I want to see him fuck her tits. He moans and I guide her to his cock. He thrusts between her massive tits and I take his head into my mouth. I lick her nipple and suck a bit. I take his cock again. 

Now her husband is hard again and suddenly there is another cock by our mouths. My husband keeps his cock between her tits, but she and I keep licking and sucking both cocks. 

I lean over and whisper in my husbands ear that I want to see him cum all over her and I want to lick up every last drop. He instantly starts to spurt. I lean right down and start lapping it up. I lick his shaft clean then use my tongue to clean her off. Her husband has been stroking himself while watching me and as soon as she is clean he leans over and shoots his cum all over her tits. I lean back down and clean her up again.

I sit up and straighten my clothing. My husband is stark naked and slowly starts dressing. I look around and feel amazed at what I have just done in this crowded club. I look at all of the couples right there next to us. Most were just hanging out and not involved in anything yet. I start to feel a little uncomfortable in front of them so I run off to the bathroom.

She walks in and right away we're chatting like old girlfriends. I can't believe I'm able to talk so nicely to the woman I just watched my husband fuck, but I find I really like her and I had such a good time that I wasn't jealous in the least. In fact, I hear myself inviting them over and telling her that I need more time for me to enjoy her.

I head back out to my husband. We kiss the other couple goodbye and we go to our car. He opens the door for me. As I get in I say, " I hope you don't mind, but I invited them to join us at our house next week. I liked the way her tits felt in my mouth and I'm really anxious to get a taste of her pussy. You don't mind, do you?"

He just closed my door, ran around the car, and jumped in. He kissed me hard and long and raced us home. In no time at all we were making love talking about what was to come next week.