 Morning came entirely too soon. The bright sun streaming in the room forced me awake. I took stock of things; my head was pounding and my stomach queasy. I felt Kim lying next to me; it seems she felt about like I did. I attempted to say good morning, but my voice merely croaked. I heard Kim moan/groan/grunt something in response. I continued to lie there and attempted to will my head and stomach to cooperate. 

Laurie was gone from the bed. I wondered if there was a storm coming. I caught the faint smell of coffee brewing and sat up. My head pounding, I slid to the edge of the bed and stood on shaky legs. I wandered to Laurie's room and found my shorts. I struggled to put them on and walked to the kitchen. I found Laurie wearing my t-shirt standing at the kitchen counter fixing some breakfast. I grunted a "good morning" to her. She responded with energy and an upbeat voice that I hardly expected. 

She offered me coffee which I gratefully accepted. I sat down at the kitchen table, she sat across from me and we sipped our coffee. She began to speak. I am not sure what I expected, but as she began to review the events of the night before, it was clear she had no regrets about what we had done. I sat and listened to her talk, I grunted acknowledgement periodically. 

I sipped my coffee and gradually I regained some of my senses and started to feel a bit better. As we talked, I heard the faint sounds of retching coming from down the hallway. Kim was suffering the effects of too much alcohol more than Laurie or me. 

Laurie and I chatted a few more minutes; she refilled my coffee and offered me some toast. The toast settled my stomach and the caffeine from the coffee had me feeling much better. I suggested that I should get going. Laurie looked at me and said I couldn't leave without fucking her. She said she didn't get to finish last night and that she needed to be fucked again. 

I wasn't sure I was up to the task, but Laurie was not to be denied. Laurie stood and said "follow me". I followed her to the master bedroom and into the bathroom. Laurie started the water running in the shower and then pulled the t-shirt over her head. 

This was the first time I could see her body in full light. Her skin was tanned a golden color betraying her Norwegian heritage. She had no tan lines. Her legs were shapely and firm, her ass was firm, and perfect. It was a sight to behold. Her pubic bush was light brown/dark blonde and neatly trimmed. Her breasts were small, no more than an "a" cup, they were tipped with smallish areolas and nipples that were more pink than brown. I had misjudged her. While she wasn't "my type", she was a very appealing woman. 

Laurie turned and stepped into the shower, testing the water temperature. I dropped my shorts and stepped into the shower with her. She was standing under the spray; head tilted back wetting her hair. She tilted her head up and stepped away from the spray allowing me to rinse myself. After I rinsed, I felt her hands on my back and shoulders, she had a bar of soap and was washing me. I turned to face her and she washed my chest, stomach, and down to my cock. 

I wasn't hard, but there was a flicker of life coming back to my well used cock. She washed my cock and balls. She stroked and played with my cock until a useful erection appeared. She told me to turn around and she washed my ass, she slid the soap between my ass cheeks and then used her hand to wash all the way to my balls. Her finger stopped at my ass hole and lingered for a bit with some slight pressure. I had never been much for ass play, but I liked what she was doing. 

Laurie stopped her washing and handed me the soap. I took the hint and began washing her body. I soaped her chest and breasts, I enjoyed tweaking her nipples and I was rewarded with their tiny points. I washed her stomach, enjoying her soft feminine form. I continued down to her pubic mound, she spread her legs slightly and I washed her pussy, stopping to tease her clit a bit as I did so. I turned her around and washed her shoulders and back, I washed down to her perfect ass, I soaped her ass and I slipped my hands between her ass cheeks just as she had done to me. 

I teased her ass hole a bit and she responded with a quick breath. She reached down to her ass cheeks and spread them with her hands; she pushed back towards my hand and told me to finger her ass hole. I rubbed her ass and using the soap for lubrication I slipped the tip of my middle finger into her ass. She pushed her ass back into my hand and wiggled a bit. I continued to play with her ass while my other hand fondled her breast. By now the hot water was beginning to run out, so I withdrew my finger and we rinsed off. 

We stepped out of the shower, dried with a towel and moved to the bedroom. I laid her down on the bed and kissed her, I kissed my way down her neck and to her chest. I teased her breasts with my tongue. Laurie was becoming more aroused and her hips started to push up attempting to make contact with my body. I moved away from her hips, denying her the contact she craved. 

I moved myself up and straddled her chest. I placed my cock on her lips and she quickly took my cock in her mouth. I enjoyed her talented tongue and played with her tits. Laurie was becoming more aroused; she started moaning around my cock, her hips were thrusting against the air. I removed my cock from her mouth and moved to the side of the bed. I told Laurie to get on her hands and knees. I wanted to fuck her from behind.

Laurie moved to her knees, her shoulders down on the bed, her face stuffed in a pillow. She reached back and spread her perfect ass cheeks allowing me a view of her ass and pussy. I moved behind her and rubbed my cock along her slit. I spread the wetness I found there on my cock. I teased her clit with the tip of my cock and then drew my cock along her slit once again until I reached her ass hole. She was whimpering and pushing back at me. I placed the head of my cock in her warm folds and gently pushed my way inside. I stopped for a moment with just the head of my cock in her hot wetness. After a moment, I slid my cock deep into her pussy. I stopped with my balls resting on her clit. I began to fuck her slowly. 

Laurie was apparently enjoying the fucking I was giving her as she once again became very vocal. She was moaning and telling me to fuck her pussy. She was exclaiming about how good it felt and how much she needed my cock. I could feel the first hint of an orgasm deep in my balls. As I continued to fuck her from behind, she moved her hand and began to finger her ass. She rubbed her finger along my cock gathering some of her wetness and then returned to her ass hole. She gently forced her middle finger into her ass up to her second knuckle. 

Laurie was really getting loud now; her hips were meeting my every thrust. Her finger was pulling hard at her ass hole; suddenly she pulled her finger from her ass and said she wanted me to fuck her in the ass. I paused and withdrew my cock from her pussy; I used the wetness on my cock to lube up her ass and placed the head of my cock against her puckered hole. She pressed her ass back into me and the head of my cock popped into her ass. She stopped for a moment and then Laurie pushed back again; she impaled herself on my cock. My cock disappeared from view into her ass. When her ass cheeks met my hips, she stayed still for a few moments. I felt her hand underneath me, her fingernails touching my balls. Slowly she started to rub her clit and then she told me to fuck her ass.

I started to fuck Laurie's ass slowly; it was tight, much tighter than her pussy. I began to get a good rhythm going. I could feel my orgasm building, my balls contracted and my cock swelled. I couldn't hold out much longer. Laurie was screaming and yelling. I couldn't understand half of what she was saying. The one thing that I clearly understood was her begging me to fuck her ass. 

I continued to fuck her ass, I wanted it to last, but the scene was too much for me. I let out a groan and I erupted into her ass, I could feel spurt after spurt of cum leaving my cock. I could feel my cum adding extra lubrication to her ass, I continued to thrust and then Laurie screamed low, loud and guttural, her ass clamped down on my cock, not allowing me to move I rode out her orgasm, my cock tightly gripped by her strong ass, it took a few moments for her orgasm to subside and her grip on my cock to loosen. My cock slipped from her ass leaving a trail of cum oozing from her ass hole.

We collapsed in a heap on the bed. I rolled to my back, sweating and breathing hard. Laurie was on her stomach, lifeless except her deep heavy breaths. After a few moments, I rose to my elbow and looked around the room. Laurie's bed was a mess, the sheets twisted and wadded up on the bed, clothes and our towels from the shower strewn about. I looked at my cock; it was still half erect and covered in cum. I saw no evidence that I had been buried to the hilt in Laurie's ass just minutes before. Laurie's back had a light sheen of sweat, her wet hair covering her face. Her legs were still spread and I watched as cum oozed from her twitching ass hole. 

After that workout, I needed more coffee. I quietly slid off the bed, not disturbing Laurie from her post orgasmic bliss. As I walked to the kitchen, I glanced into the guest room where Kim was lying on the bed. I retrieved my coffee and as I returned, I stopped in the guest room. I asked Kim how she was feeling, she said she was feeling better and asked for some of my coffee. I gave her the cup and I finally got a good view of her in the morning light. While I enjoyed the view of her, we made some small talk. 

I wasn't sure how she was feeling about the events of the night before, so I cautiously mentioned how unexpected and exciting things had been. I was shocked to find out that Kim remembered nothing of the night before. I didn't want to upset her by relating all the events, so I gave her just the highlights of the river, and I skimmed over the activities once we arrived at Laurie's house. 

Kim said she knew Laurie and I had been fucking, she said she could hear Laurie screaming her head off. I told her we were just having some fun. Kim shocked me by saying she wanted to have some fun too.

I walked to the bed where she was sitting and sat down near her feet. I rested my hand on her lower leg and we chatted for a bit. Kim drained the coffee cup and set it on the night stand. She leaned forward and kissed me. We continued to kiss and I laid her back on the bed. I kissed her neck and her chest. I found those perfect boobs and I kissed and sucked her nipples until they were long hard points. I felt the soft firmness of her breasts and I reveled in their weight. As I sucked and nibbled at her breasts, Kim became very aroused. My cock had recovered and was hard enough to penetrate her pussy. I moved down and positioned my cock at her opening. 

Suddenly I felt another hand on my back, Laurie had entered the room. Laurie moved and sat on the bed beside us. Laurie said she didn't want to interrupt us; she wanted to watch. Laurie reached for my cock and guided me into Kim's pussy. I began fucking Kim slowly while Laurie watched. As I fucked her, Kim began to play with her tits once again, she pushed, she pulled, she smashed, she pinched and generally abused her tits while I fucked her. Laurie began talking. She told me to fuck Kim's pussy. She told Kim to play with her boobs. 

Laurie became our sex coach. At Laurie's urging, I fucked Kim with more force. My dick was tired, I wasn't sure I could cum, but I was certainly going to fuck Kim like Laurie wanted. 

Kim was getting close; her breathing became rapid and shallow. Suddenly her entire body became stiff as her orgasm hit her. She remained stiff and silent, and then began to tremble. I pulled my cock out of her pussy and lay down beside her. Laurie seized the opportunity to move above me. She lowered her pussy to my cock and began riding me, slowly grinding her pubic bone against mine. After a few minutes of this, I told Laurie it was no use, I wasn't going to cum again any time soon.

Laurie took my statement as a challenge, saying "we'll see about that". She moved herself off my cock and slid down taking my well used cock in her mouth. She concentrated on the head of my cock, swirling her tongue around and once again exploring the tip of my cock with the tip of her tongue. Kim had recovered from her orgasm and began to watch Laurie suck my cock. I reached for Kim's hand as Laurie continued her efforts.

Laurie never removed her mouth from my cock; she brought her hand down and began to stroke the shaft while her tongue concentrated on the tip of my tired cock. Laurie moved her hand further down and began caressing and tugging on my balls. A short time later, Laurie moved her hand lower and began to tickle my ass hole. She used saliva from her blow job as lube. She teased and pressed on my ass, I had never had a woman touch me there before, but as I learned earlier, I seem to like it. 

Laurie continued sucking hard on the head of my cock; her finger playing with my ass hole, Kim was squeezing my hand. Suddenly, Laurie slid her finger in my ass. I was shocked, but just as the thought registered in my mind, an unexpected orgasm overwhelmed me. I thrust my hips upward, I squeezed Kim's hand and my free hand found Laurie's head and held her firmly on my cock. Laurie held her finger in my ass as I came. I doubt I had much cum left in me, but that was one of the most powerful orgasms I've ever had. 

I laid there panting and sweating for some time. Kim held my hand and finally Laurie removed her finger from my ass. We were all spent. We had all drank too much, fucked too much and cum too much. I was tired and sore; Kim and Laurie said they were as well. We finally got dressed and drove back to the restaurant to get Laurie's car. After they got out of the car, Laurie leaned back in the window, kissed on the lips and whispered "we're going to have fun at next year's picnic".

Thus began a yearly post picnic ritual for the three of us.