 Stacy reread the ad two or three times. "Why not? It will give me an excuse to buy something sexy to wear, which I probably won't have on long," she said, with a laugh.

"Are you really sure?" I asked.

"I am! It sounds like what we've been talking about. Will the distance getting there be a problem?"

"No. We'll need to get a hotel room. We would do that anyway. If we're not enjoying ourselves, we wouldn't want to make that long trip back late at night. Why don't I call the number in the ad, get more information, then book us a room in a hotel close to the site."

The ad was for couples only, held at a private residence. People attending would experience swinging for the first time. The dress code or theme was underwear. The site was over two hours from the apartment we shared. My girlfriend and I, after months of discussing the pro's and con's of a night of hedonism, were ready to take the plunge.

Three weeks later, we were checking into our hotel and getting dressed for the evening. We were a couple of towns away from the party, which was in the southwest corner of the state. Our GPS eventually took us down a long winding road to a beautiful mini-mansion situated deep in the countryside. There were 10 or 12 cars parked along the side of a big circular drive. A huge water spout majestically spayed water in a man-made pond, which was built in the center of the drive.

"We can turn around and go back to the hotel," I said.

"We're here," Stacy remarked, "Let's not chicken out - besides we're not getting into anything we can't get out of, right?"

"Right, as usual." 

We walked to the front door, which was recessed in a portico, and rang the bell. A simply beautiful woman, tall and curvy with long auburn hair greeted us. She was wearing a black lace camisole, tiny black lace panties, and black stiletto heels.

"I'm Julie," she said. "I'm glad you decided to join us this evening. Please follow me to the general meeting room. We'll join the people already here, and discuss what you can expect from tonight."

Her black lace panties was in fact a thong. We followed her perfectly shaped bare ass, and entered the room with her. At least 20 other people were already sitting on comfortable chairs and couches waiting for the evening's festivities to begin.

"Now that we're all here, please let me explain a few things," Julie said. "This lifestyle is not for everyone. Having said that, you can feel comfortable and safe here. The game room to my left is the favorite space of our experienced swingers. Anything and everything imaginable happens in that room. Anal sex, DP's, daisy chains, and gang bangs, are just some of the things that go on in there. That room is not for the faint of heart. Males or females, could become the group's play toy. No means No anywhere on the property, except in the game room.

There is a beer and wine bar located near the pool and Jacuzzi, which is right outside the main room. The main room has a full bar and is for socializing, drinking, and resting. For hygienic reasons, we ask you to wear your underwear, and refrain from sexual acts while in the main room. There are clothing baskets in every room or space to hold your underwear. Feel free to be naked at all times, except in the main room. 

The rooms above us are unique. Closing a door will indicate you do not want to be disturbed. The door will automatically lock, the ceiling lights will stay on, and your every movement will be televised on the big screens around the property. Leaving the door open invites visitors to join you. If you would like to be on the big screens, depress the small red button near the light switch. Every room and space has a large bowl of assorted sized condoms. Please help yourself, should you feel the need for protection. 

When you leave here you'll turn to my right and head to the front door. Continuing pass the front door, is your destination; the communal locker room and shower area. You can leave your clothes, and personal items in a locker. The entire room is under in-house monitoring. Two of the toilets have doors, for obvious reasons, the other six are open. Feel free to give my staff a show, anytime you're in there. Are there any questions? Since there are none, please enjoy yourselves. I will see you throughout the evening."

We followed the crowd, payed our entrance fee, left our clothes in a locker, and walked over to the main room.

I chose to wear navy silk boxers. Boxers or briefs were required male underwear. Stacy had on a white push-up bra, that made her smallish, pointed tits look bigger and a white silk thong. 

We each had a glass of wine and began people watching. Most of the women Stacy's age or younger wore Victoria Secret, Ami, or Lulu type sexy underwear. A middled aged woman, with short blonde hair and her own glass of wine, asked to join us. Her lacy red bra had full cups and her panties, trimmed in red lace, were cut narrow in the front and high on the leg. This was definitely someone who knew how to pull off an erotic look. Her undergarments could not conceal what she was bringing to the party. 

"What I wouldn't give to have tits half the size of yours," Stacy said.

"Honey, These babies got me plenty of free drinks, and a lot of attention in my younger days. Now they're the reason I have back pain," she said with a laugh. "My name is Anne."

Noticing her wedding band, I asked, "Where's your husband?"

"That's him on the TV sucking that black lady's nipple," she said, as she pointed to the big screen over the bar. "He couldn't wait to run upstairs naked. Being in a threesome is one of his fantasies. Having sex with a woman other than me is one of his fantasies. Being naked with strangers is one of his fantasies. Christ, his entire life is all about fantasies!"

We all laughed and I said, "What about yourself? We're here to experience something different. Care to join us upstairs, and live out a fantasy of your own? He can watch you on the big screens."

As soon as we were out of the main room, Stacy removed her bra. By the time we found an empty room, she was naked. 

As Stacy sat on the edge of the bed, I began undoing the snaps on the back of Anne's bra. I kissed the top of her shoulders, and the back of her neck. Stacy hooked her thumbs in Anne's panties and pulled them down. Once I had her bra off, I reached around and began massaging her big tits. I could feel Stacy's tongue glide over my fingers, lingering on Anne's nipples. "Door open or close?" asked Stacy. With rapid breathing, Anne said, "Close. Let's give everyone a show." Stacy jumped up and closed the door. I continued to kiss the back of Anne's neck while I rubbed her nipples. Stacy stood behind me and pulled my boxers down. My hard 6" dick hit Anne's ass as it moved upward, pointing straight to the ceiling.

Stacy laid back on the bed, and said, "Anne, rub your huge tits on me." As Anne began to do that, Stacy started sighing. When Anne began licking my girlfriend's nipples, those sighs became low moans. I slide my hard dick along Anne's wet pussy. Anne was moving her ass up and down, breathing heavy, and moaning. 

Before Anne lowered her mouth onto Stacy's wet gash, she said to me, "Fuck me doggy-style, while I do something I've never done before - eat out another female." 

Stacy threw her legs over Anne's shoulders giving her clear access to her pussy. I positioned my stiff dick in the middle of Anne's pussy, grabbed her hips, and smoothly entered her. As I slid in and almost out of her, I could her the unmistakable sound of a tongue lapping the fluids from an extremely wet pussy. The room quickly filled with loud grunts, moans and sighs. My balls slapped Anne's ass, once I found a good rhythm. The three of us would reach orgasms almost at the same time. Stacy came first thrashing violently, begging Anne to stick her tongue deeper in her snatch. Anne kept licking Stacy's wet gash, and started to tremble. Hearing the two women's cries of pleasure was too much for me. I held Anne's backside tight to me and filled her pussy with stream after stream of warm cum. 

The three of us disengaged, and caught our breath. Anne and Stacy decided to look for a bathroom. Naked together, they made their way down the hall. They would have to come back because their underwear was still in the room.

While I was sitting on the bed, with a half hard dick, a naked chubby woman walked in and asked me if I wanted company. Before I could answer, she pushed me back on the bed, threw a leg over my chest and lowered her hairy pussy on my face. I had just cum, but engaging in a 69, with a woman I didn't know, had me growing in her mouth. My tongue slid along her wet gash and darted in and out of her ass-hole. I could taste the sweetness of her pussy, and the tanginess of her ass, but I was tasting something else, as well. She stopped sucking me long enough to say, "I think I got all the cum out. Some black guy unloaded a gallon of jizz in me!"

I heard Stacy's voice call through the door, "Look for me in the pool area. We're heading there after a quick shower."

My mystery girl came with an explosion that shook the room. I wasn't able to cum, but I maintained an erection the entire time. "That was some kind of fun," she said. "Should my girlfriend say anything to you, just clam up. I want to tell her about the cocks I'm been sampling when the time is right. By the way, who's pussy juice is on you? I have to find her!"

After she bounded out of the room, I grabbed my boxers and went down to the main room to get to the pool area. There were only four people in the room, all sitting at the bar watching the sucking and fucking happening in the rooms above their heads. Anne was on one of the big screens giving head to some guy.

There were plenty of empty lounge chairs between the pool and the Jacuzzi. I snagged a glass of wine from the pool bar and select a chair. I noticed a couple enjoying each other in the Jacuzzi. She was bouncing up and down on her male friend, leading me to believe his dick was buried inside her. Over in the pool, some black guy sitting on the deck with his back to me threw his head back and yelled out, "That was fucking amazing!" He got out of the pool. His huge cock coated with saliva bounced with each step, hitting his lower belly. A curvy, naked redhead hopped out of the pool right behind him wiping her mouth. She waved for me to join her in the Jacuzzi, with the other couple. 

As I was about to get up, Stacy walked over to me and said, "Am I nuts, or is this place totally fucking unbelievable? Wait until I tell you what happened in the shower area." My dick was beginning get hard again. I took off my boxers expecting a blowjob and description of what happened to her, when a couple about our age approached me with a rather strange request.

"My wife and I are here because we are both bi-curious. She has enjoyed having sex with two other women tonight, and has achieved multiple orgasms, while I watched. She would like to watch me suck another man's cock, and possibly swallow his cum. Would you be interested?" 

Stacy immediately said, "Sure he would, and we'll help get him ready!"

Right there in the pool area, both women took turns sucking my member. They got a couple of towels and had me kneel on my hands and knees. My ass cheeks were spread and a tongue licked my sensitive opening. They laid me on my back, and Stacy inserted me inside her wet pussy. Placing a leg on either side of my head, the guy's wife then straddled my face. As I started licking her pussy, Stacy's wet gash was replaced by hungry mouth. Lips covered the top of my hard dick. Deep into that mouth my dick went. The hand that was stroking me felt familiar, the mouth didn't. I couldn't take the blowjob much longer and I came. Not as forceful as before, but I did unload. Not a drop of my warm cum landed on me. The guy's wife lifted off my face, and knelt between my legs. She expertly took my softening dick in her mouth and sucked me dry. She was licking me clean, when Stacy reached for her husband's pulsating dick. Her hand job brought him to a quick climax. His spunk landed on his wife's lower back and trickled down her ass crack. Using his cum as a lubricant, Stacy slowly inserted a finger in his wife's ass. 

I just had another man suck me to a climax, had his wife go down on me, watched my girlfriend not only pull off a successful reach-around, but saw her finger-fuck the wife's ass-hole. All of this happened in front of a group of strangers. Those women watching, who were not fingering themselves, were furiously jerking the nearest available cock.

I was drained and ready for a self imposed "time-out." I grabbed my boxers, patted Stacy on her naked ass, and made my way back to the main room, for some quiet time. 

I was looking at the people in the main room, and watching what was happening on the big screens. The ad was correct with its assessment of who would be attending. People of all ages, shapes and sizes were here. Unlike porno movies where everyone is drop dead gorgeous, youthful, and sporting massive tits, perfect asses, or huge cocks, this gathering ran the gauntlet of looks. 

I wondered if I had it in me to cum again. Before leaving the hotel room, I popped a blue pill that was allowing me to sustain erections, but I never had more than two climaxes in one night before.

"I hope you have been enjoying yourself this evening," were the words I heard from behind me. I then felt two hands gently slide over my shoulders stopping at my nipples. I looked over my shoulder and saw our hostess, still dressed in her black cami. Julie rubbed her tits across my shoulders, pinched my nipples, and said, "Oops, there's no sexual activity in the main room! Let's go to the game room."

I stood up. She grabbed my hand, and led me to the game room.

We entered the game room and placed our belongings in a cubby, located inside the door. I was standing next to a Goddess. Her body was flawless. Perfect natural D-cup tits rode high on her chest. Her hips were slim and perfectly shaped. Her pussy was smooth as silk, puffy, and completely hairless. "Let's find a seat and get comfortable," she purred. "Some lucky guest is going to experience what it's like to be the center of attention at a swing party."

The game room was a large space with love seats facing a small curtain covered stage. Sitting near us were naked couples, some of the same sex, all waiting for the show to begin. Some people were already enjoying their partner's body, others sat staring at the curtain pleasuring themselves. Julie reached for my growing dick and lightly stoked it.

The curtain opened and a chair devise was the only item on the stage. It was designed for someone to lay on it. That someone was going to be Stacy! A large naked men led her by a collar and leash across the stage. He escorted her to the chair, removed her accessories, helped her to get comfortable on her stomach, and locked the chair in place. The chair was adjustable, allowing men of different heights to easily penetrate the person in the chair. Her legs were spread wide with her ass slightly elevated. Her face and tits were positioned over openings.

Julie lowered herself on my now hard dick. We were both facing the stage, when I started to fondle her tits. She began to slowly ride me. 

The guy coated his hand with some kind of lube and rubbed up and down my girlfriend's pussy and her little brown hole. There must have been a microphone near Stacy's head, because we heard her gentle sighing. He turned facing the audience, and began stroking his dick. When it couldn't get any bigger he coated it with more lube, stood behind Stacy's gaping pussy, and entered her. Stacy's gasp could be heard over the ceiling speakers. She had never been fucked by such a large dick before. With each thrust, came a loud groan. As he was getting into a rhythm, he pointed to a guy sitting on the next couch, and told him to come to the stage. Once the big guy deposited his load, the chair was readjusted, and he was replaced by the new guy. Stacy now had a different dick in her. Again, she could be heard moaning with each stroke. Two couples moved closer to the action. Julie stopped bouncing on my dick and said, "Let's join them." Six naked people were inches away from my girlfriend listening to her grunting and moaning. A second load of cum was deposited in her. In a flash, a third man slid into her and quickly found his rhythm. 

"People," Julie said, "Let's all enjoy her body." She reached under the chair and began pinching my girlfriend's nipples. When a hard dick was offered up to her mouth, Stacy eagerly began sucking on it. Hands rubbed and massaged Stacy's back and ass. A finger was inserted in her ass-hole. All of this was happening while she was being fucked. Julie then said, "Let's coat this young lady with cum." She grabbed my dick coated with her own juices, and with piston like strokes had me cum all over Stacy's back. One after another, the other men shot their loads. Three loads of cum were already dripping out of Stacy's swollen pussy. Two loads were splattered on her. The final load coated her tits and mouth. 

Julie, Stacy and I walked to the showers. In there, Julie and I focused our attention on Stacy. We soaped every square inch of her body. Hands touched, soaped, and wiped smooth naked skin. There wasn't a drop of cum anywhere to be found on my girlfriend. Her pussy was red and swollen, but squeaky clean.

Under the warm water that fell steadily from ceiling shower heads, the girls began kissing. Their hands explore each other's naked flesh. Fingers disappeared into wet gashes. Watching them, I began to get hard again, but knew there was no way in Hell, I was going to cum. They turned their attention to me. Julie licked both of my nipples, while Stacy took my dick deep in her mouth. They had just switched positions, when another couple joined us. The three girls took turns alternating between licking each other's tits and blowing us guys. While Stacy and the guy's wife were on the shower floor 69ing, Julie received a chest full of cum, from the guy.

We all cleaned up and dried off. Julie left first. The other couple put their underwear back on and said they were heading to the main room. Her bra had cutouts over her nipples, allowing them to poke through.

We decided to call it a night, got dressed, and walked to the car. 

Stacey said, "Can you image what it must be like for the experienced hardcore swingers?"

"I can venture a guess. Would you like to find out?" 

"Not really. I'm no longer curious about the lifestyle. I've been fucked by white guys, black guys, and gay guys. I've handled cocks of all sizes. When one wasn't in my hand, it was either in my mouth, my pussy, or both. Every one of my openings was penetrated. I was a cum receptacle most of the night. I was on the giving end, as well as the receiving end, of full blown girl-on-girl action. All of this happened in one incredible night. No mas, Senior!" she said, with a chuckle.

"Oh, and don't let me forget to tell you what happened to me, the first time I used the showers!"