 Bruce and Hannah had been married for 15 years. They were wonderful happy years and they had a beautiful family with two kids, pets and everything a family should have. Unfortunately the flames of passion that burned so hot when they were dating and first married had smoldered and were threatening to go out all together. The solution to their intimacy problems came quite unexpectedly one week during the summer. 

Hannah called her friend Mary to change their plans for the weekend. "I am so sorry, but the kids have been asked to go visit their grandmother." She explained. "I hate when she changes plans at the last minute like this. Bruce and I can still come to the cabin with you, but the kids won't be there. Or we can try to change the vacation time." She knew that they couldn't easily change the reservation at the cabin.

"It is not a problem." Mary reassured her. "Our daughter has been begging to go see her cousins and we didn't have a good time to arrange it. I will call and see if they want to keep her and we can just have the adults go to the mountains."

"That would be so much fun." Hannah said as she thought about a children free weekend. "I don't remember the last time Bruce and I had two child free days." 

They spent the next two days planning the new trip. They each added a few sexier outfits and some lingerie to their suitcases as they packed.

When Friday arrived they packed the minivan and dropped off the kids. James, Mary's husband, was the first one they picked up and Bruce finished work around 2 PM. They were on the interstate headed to the mountains by 2:15 PM. The girls sat in back while the guys had the front seat. Bruce noticed that Mary and his wife were being extra giggly. He thought he saw a little handholding and a few quick kisses in the rear view mirror. When he would try to see what was happening they would quickly remind him to keep his eyes on the road.

In the back seat Hannah had started out whispering some of her ideas to Mary, but as they shared ideas the girls got turned on. Mary stroked Hanna's calf with her bare foot well below the sight of the guys in the front. Hannah was the first to start stroking a thigh and whispering. "We can't let Bruce see us playing." She warned and then nipped at Mary's earlobe.

Mary joined her and stroked Hannah's full breasts through the thin t-shirt. "I think he would love a peek at your yummy tits." She teased. Hannah shuddered and gave a little whimper. Her breasts were one of her most sensitive areas and thinking about sharing them with both her friend and her husband sent chills down her spine.

Hannah retaliated by running her hand under Mary's skirt and squeezing her thigh. "I could hide between your sexy legs." Her eyes twinkled as she considered unbuckling and sliding down to the floor at Mary's feet. 

They continued teasing each other for the next few hours. The sun was starting to sink in the west when they pulled into the drive. All of them gasped at the view, mountains stretching away below them with a river winding down the valley. A small town was just visible through the distant trees. Birds soared overhead in the deep blue sky and scuttling of animals in the woods below the deck could be heard. "This is beautiful." Bruce pulled his wife close and hugged her. "You ladies have out done yourselves this time."

James stood hugging Mary and agreed. "There is no one for at least 5 miles. A perfect get away." He leaned down and kissed her deeply. "It has been a long drive, why don't we get some dinner and then relax in the hot tub." He suggested.

Mary thought for a minute. "Uh Oh." She exclaimed. "I know what we forgot to pack." She exchanged a quick glance with Hannah. "The food!" They both said in unison.

"What!" Bruce shook his head. "How could you forget the food?" He asked amazed at the importance of their mistake. "It will take 15 minutes just to get back to town."

James glanced at Mary then volunteered them. "We can take care of the food." He stepped inside and grabbed a pen and paper. "What do we need?" He asked. They all suggested things to get from the store. He and Mary headed inside once the list was finished, leaving Bruce outside enjoying the view with Hannah.

They soaked up the view, holding hands and feeling the warmth of their bodies as the evening breeze began to blow. "Why don't you get the hot tub started?" Hannah suggested. She kissed him, lingering as she nipped at his lower lip. "I will run get our suits."

"Great idea." Bruce pulled his shirt over his head and handed it to his wife, who watched with growing lust. He stepped over and started removing the heavy plastic cover. She blew him a kiss and winked at him as she ducked inside. He fiddled with the dials and buttons until he had a radio station he liked and the low level jets blowing bubbles.

Hannah returned in a flirty one-piece swimsuit with a little fringe skirt. "You like?" She twirled and showed off her tight ass and curvaceous breasts. The suit was low cut and showed off all of the inner curve of her creamy breast and a small portion of her upper abs. He nodded from the railing as he tried not to let his jaw hit the deck. "I must confess a slight problem." She pled and fluttered her eyelids, looking up at him like a puppy that was in trouble. "Your suit is in the bag that was still in the car."

"You are amazing." He shook his head in disbelief. "I guess I have to either wait or go in with my shorts on." He stepped up to the edge.

She grabbed his arm to stop him. "Oh, no you don't. Those are brand new shorts, I will not let you soak them in chlorinated water for the next half an hour." She pulled him gently towards her. "There might be another option." She raised an eyebrow suggestively.

"What is that?" He had a pretty good idea what she would suggest, but wasn't sure if it was a good idea.

"You could go in the buff." She suggested, staring at the slowly growing bulge in his shorts. "I know you like the idea, you always have enjoyed being naked." She snuggled close to him, rubbing her hands on his bare chest. "I could get your suit as soon as James gets back, while he is unloading the car if you really want me to." She stared into his eyes and kissed him lightly on the lips. "Or you could turn the jets up and see if anyone notices." She unzipped his shorts. "Please..." She kissed him again as the shorts slid to the deck.

Bruce kissed her back and held her close. "You will get my suit as soon as they come back?" He looked at her face, glowing with an excitement that he hadn't seen for a long time. "Ok, just for you my love." He stepped out of the shorts and slipped his briefs off as well. He stood and let her hands caress his stomach and his half hard cock as she kissed him deeply and passionately. He broke away and stepped into the hot tub. "Hurry back." He grinned as he sank into the warming water.

Hannah had slipped into the house to put his shorts away. No sooner had she disappeared, when Mary stepped out onto the deck. "Would you like a drink?" She asked. She was carrying a tray of glasses filled with ice water. Bruce felt his heart leap into his throat, Hannah had neglected to tell him they were not alone. "What?" Mary set the drinks beside the hot tub and noticed his shocked look. "Is it the suit?" She teased him by stepping back and twirling just as his wife had. "I just bought it last week, I hope James likes it." 

He stared. She was tall and had smaller breasts cupped within the bright pink material of her bikini. Her long legs looked amazing framed by the bikini bottom. "I think he will." He stammered. Beneath the waters his cock continued to grow, so he reached over and turned the bubbles up.

Hannah stepped out onto the deck and gasped. Bruce felt a wave of panic for a brief second until he heard her exclaim. "That suit looks HOT!" She took Mary's hand and helped her turn and model it a little more, then stepped into the hot tub. "I wish I had legs like yours." She told Mary and handed Bruce a glass of water.

Bruce accepted the water and shifted over on the bench to let his wife sit beside him. "I think your legs are just fine." He told her as Mary stepped in and sat across from them. 

Hannah reached over beneath the bubbles and gripped his now very stiff cock. She squeezed him playfully. "Yes, but Mary can get any man hard just by walking by in that outfit."

Mary grinned appreciatively at the compliment. "Yes, but guys will fall all over themselves for a glimpse of your breasts." She returned. Under the water her long legs reached out and she ran her toes up Bruce's thigh, coming to rest with her toes gently massaging his balls. "Don't you agree?" She grinned at him.

He groaned quietly at the sensations on his throbbing cock. "I certainly do." He tried to shift himself so that the two girls would not accidentally bump into each other. "I know I would so anything for a glimpse of them." He kissed his wife on the cheek and nipped at her ear, adding in a whisper. "Or a taste."

Hannah leaned in close and kissed him deeply, her hand still stroking his throbbing shaft. "Would you share me with someone?" She asked quietly as she moved up to nibble his ear. Her large breasts pressed into his chest. Bruce groaned and forgot about Mary for a brief minute. She ran her hands through his hair as she nipped at his neck, her other hand tracing its way up his chest to cup his chin while she kissed him again. "Would you share me?" She asked again after breaking the kiss.

Bruce nodded his head only half way understanding the question through the tingling passion of her kiss and touch. "Of course I would...." He paused and realized with a start that there were now 3 hands on him. His wife's hands were around his shoulders and under his chin, but a third hand was stoking his cock. "Wait a minute...what did you ask?"

Hannah and Mary both laughed. "See what I mean?" Mary shared a knowing glance with Hannah and Bruce felt trapped.

"I would." Hannah returned her eyes to her husband and slid her hand down his chest. He started to panic. Her hand closed over his cock and fingers interlaced with her friends as they stroked in unison. "I would share you with a special friend if you wanted." Her voice was husky and her breath rapid as the moment of truth arrived.

Bruce wasn't sure what to think as the two women stroked his cock in the warm churning water. He would love to see the girls together, especially now, but what about James? "I guess I wouldn't mind." He glanced at Mary nervously and saw a look of relief pass across her features. "If it was someone special." He returned to his wife who had a look of ecstasy on her face.

She curled into him, squeezing his cock tightly as she stroked. "I know you will enjoy it." Hannah leaned in and kissed him, their tongues probing passionately as they explored each other. Bruce stroked her arms and pulled her closer, her breasts pressing against his chest. "Mmmm..." she moaned as their lips parted. She raised herself up and slipped into his lap. "You love these, don't you?" She slipped her suit to the side and let her heavy breasts fall free. 

"They are my favorite." Bruce lifted one breast in each hand, gently massaging as he leaned over to kiss and lick them. He covered her glistening wet mammaries with his tongue, slowing to suck the stiffening nipple in to his mouth. He felt Mary stroking and guiding his now rock hard cock, guiding it towards his wife's swollen pussy. She slipped the suit aside and rubbed Hannah's lips, pulling them wide with one hand while stroking Bruce with the other. The sensations were amazing when stroking fingers combined with pulsing pussy. He nearly came just from entering her.

Hannah looked back at Mary partially submerged in the water. "I think he likes it." She said, feeling his sucking become harder and more urgent. She held his head close against her aching breasts and enjoyed the tongue and cock pleasing her. His cock was so swollen and thick she knew that she needed to slow things down a bit. "I think we need to see Mary now." She suggested.

Mary sat up and looked at each of them. Bruce had not let go of the nipple in his mouth yet, but Hannah had stopped rocking and was sitting very still, impaled on her husbands cock. "If you insist." She stood up, water cascading off of her skin. She found a good position on the deck beside them and untied her top. The bikini fell away to reveal firm breasts with pert pink nipples. Totally different from Hannah's heavy hangers, but they drew Bruce's eye as he nipped and sucked on Hannah. Then she turned and pulled the bottoms tight, the material sliding between her ass cheeks.

"Wow!" Bruce exclaimed as he got his first up close look at Mary's tight ass and long sleek legs. Hannah playfully swatted him on the head, but she was enjoying the view just as much. He tweaked her stiff nipples as they watched the bottoms slide down and Mary stepped out of them. She smiled and turned towards them. "You like?" She walked towards them slowly swaying her hips as she knelt behind Bruce.

"I like!" Hannah said and looked down at Bruce. "You know I helped her shave just for you." She grinned an impish grin with a twinkle in her eye. Hannah gripped the back of his head and tilted him back until he was looking straight up. Mary shifted herself over and stood right above him. "Did we do a good job?" She teased.

Bruce rested his head on the edge of the tub and looked up along the long thighs to Mary's smooth shaved pussy. Her lips were pink and glistened as water dripped down her thighs. "Looks like you did a great job from here, but a closer inspection might be needed." 

Mary let out a little moan and slowly lowered herself until Bruce could reach out and touch her with his tongue, which he did. His words were muffled as he licked and commented on how smooth and tasty she was. He covered her outer lips and nibbled. Mary moaned as she felt him begin to explore, outer first and slowly working in. His tongue found every crease between her lips and stroked them.

"Oh he is good." She told Hannah. Her eyes sparkled as she looked down at her friend. Hannah grinned, knowing exactly what Mary was feeling. Then she added her own mouth to the mix by leaning forward and sucking one of the pert nipples into her own mouth. Mary found herself on the edge of a climax as the two tongues drove her libido into overdrive. Then Bruce slipped in between her wet inner lips and stiffened his tongue. He drove it inside her as her body rocked uncontrollably on his tongue.

She screamed her orgasm just as James walked through the door. "I guess you started without me." He commented. He did not appear surprised at all by the threesome in the hot tub. "I hope there is room for one more." He stripped his shirt and shorts off and walked over to the tub.