 I get to your house and pull up in front of it right as you leave your door, locking it behind you. You see me and smile as you make your way down the sidewalk towards me wearing some sleek black heels, a form-fitting pink shirt dress, coming down to your mid-thighs, and a nice black choker with studs embedded in it. I get out and give you a big kiss, open the door and let you sit down. You sit and spread your legs showing me your sexy pussy, and that you have no underwear under your dress. I close the door and get in the car. As we make our way through town you put your feet up and continue to play with your pussy, showing anybody who looks in the windows exactly what you're playing with. 

After a bit of a drive we pull up to the house. We get out and walk down the sidewalk, as we get close, the door opens and we're let inside. Introductions are all made. Me, you, Jen, and Stanly. All of us looking sharp and ready for a nice night in. 

"Let the fun begin"

Jen starts to come toward us, puts her hand on my cheek and kisses me lightly. Stanly does the same to you, running your hands on his chest, and Jen with hands on my chest, 

"Mmm, definitely time for fun"

She continues to kiss me as she runs her hands all over my body. My own hands running over her body. You and Stanly continue to embrace and kiss all over. After awhile of this greeting we switch partners. I come back to you while they return to the embrace of each other. We all continue to let our mouths and hands explore each of us in turn. 

Finally, the boys take a step back and sit on the couch next to each other while the girls start to dance in front of us. At first they each dance individually in sync to the music. Slowly, they make their way closer to each other eventually being in perfect sync to one another they start to grind into the other, sometimes sliding down to the ground, but mostly dancing sexily with their bodies moving in the most perfect pattern to one another as they compliment the music. 

As they move their bodies and hands with the music Jen starts to slide your skirt up, and you start to slide her blouse up and over her head revealing her most perfect breasts. You quickly delve in between them as they jostle around with the music and squeeze them with your hands. At the same time her hand heads between your legs and glides along your sexy pink lips. 

You kiss her and put your hand on the back of her head. She slides a finger into your sexy pussy and walks you to the wall. She slides out of you and back in, then out she slides her hand along the outside of your pussy making everything wet with your sweet pussy juices. 

By this time him and I have pulled our dicks out through our zippers and have begun stroking lightly as we watch you two going at each other. 

She slides her finger into your pussy again, pulls out and sticks her fingers in your mouth so you can taste yourself. Over and over she repeats this in and out in and out over and over until finally you let loose and release your hot sexy juices all over her hand. Now you pull your head closer to her and kiss her again showing her how good that felt for you. Then you slide your finger into her tight pussy as your thumb continues to work itself over those super wet lips. 

Him and I are still sliding our hands over our respective cocks watching you two loving on each other. 

You start rubbing your hand over her wet clit every so often you slide a finger into her pussy, curl it inward and slide it back out, rubbing faster and faster, slide it in with a twist, curl out, faster and faster until she screams in pleasure and lets go of her orgasm, letting herself cum over your hand as you slowly rub it against her pussy bringing her back down. 

"Now that we've had a bit of a go, I think it's time for the boys to entertain us, don't you think" you say. 

"Mmhmm, definitely" she replies with a mischievous look on her face. 

Both of you walk back to us hand in hand. You both take our hands off our dicks and start to rub them with your own hands, as you move our hands towards the others cock. We both stop and look at our significant others, and each other. 

"I want pussy not dick honey," I say to the both of you.

"Yeah, we're not gay girls," he says to you both.

"Well we're not lesbian, but we showed off for you so now it's your turn to show off for us honey."

"Yes it is, so man up," she says as she grabs his hand again and places it on my cock "Just imagine it's your own dick."

With that he looks at me with a "what the hell" look in his eyes and starts to slide his hand up and down my shaft. I'm still not overly convinced, but I place my hand on his cock and start to pump it lightly. It feels good as it hardens back up in my hand with me sliding up and down it. I find my own pole getting harder with every rub you make against me. 

The girls kindly help undo our pants for us and pull down our pants and underwear, then move on to the shirts all the while we keep sliding up and down each other getting harder and harder. Slowly we extend ourselves to our full height. 

With shirts off now the girls get on either side of us and push the back of our heads closer together slowly, until our lips are millimeters apart from each other. I can feel stanly's hot breath against my lips, and with his shaft in my hand it makes me even more heightened to my own senses. After a few more continuous jerks of his hand and with the girls encouragement, we kiss, as they hold our heads together we continue to kiss. I love it, the hot breath, the warm tongue so much rougher than a girl, but still so nice. 

As we continue to kiss, you stand up and kneel down in front of me, put my dick in your mouth and start to suck. As you bob up and down you place my hand back onto his dick just to make sure I'm keeping it warm as you watch us kiss and watch me slide my hand up and down his shaft while you bob. Up and down, up and down my thick shaft. Jen gets done holding our heads close together and straddles me. She leans back against my chest and arm as i continue to kiss him. 

You stop sucking on my cock long enough to lick at Jens already super wet pussy. Sliding your tongue in and around lapping at her sweet pussy lips, back to my cock, up and down, back to her pussy lips in out and all around, flicking your tongue against her clit. This is all making her writhe while on top of me, which is keeping me hard and making me grab his dick harder with my hand, so that he leans back into the couch more. It's a beautiful cause and effect reaction all starting with your mouth. 

I'm moaning with pleasure, he's moaning from pleasure, and she's screaming for release. Finally, you stop bobbing on my dick, grab her hips and force her to slide on top of my dick right as she climaxes. I can feel her sweet cum making my cock warm, feeling the juices flow from her and go down around the bottom of my shaft covering my balls. I love the feeling of cum around my dick. She gives out a final scream as she cums and grabs your head to pull you closer to us as her eyes roll up in the back of her head with pleasure until she stops cumming. 

After this, stanly stands up and stands on the couch so that his cock is in front of Jen's mouth. She takes him into her mouth and he starts to face fuck her moving back and forth as she jumps up and down my long, thick cock. You start to share his cock with her, while moving one hand to her nipples to squeeze them and grasp at her tits. The other hand reaches around him playing with his ass and balls. 

In and out he continues to move, up and down, in and out. She keeps pounding up and down my dick, as you and her keep going back and forth on his dick. Over and over. So much going on at once. 

Finally, she starts to buck as she sends her hot, sweet juices spilling over again all over my dick. You two stop sucking his dick long enough to reposition yourselves. She's now on the couch next to me, with her ass in the air, licking up her own juices from my dick, and taking me into her. You lean over the couch now so your face is right behind her ass and pussy, and he starts to pound into you from behind. Slowly working his way up to speed. 

She slowly sucks on my dick, biting lightly as she pulls up and sucks hard with every up. He slides his cock in and out of you now deep, where he holds it in place for a few seconds while moving his hips back and forth against you. Back out, and in. The whole time you're moving back and forth, pushing your tongue against her lips and moving back again in time with him banging your pussy nice and deep. 

Finally, you stop moving and keep your face close enough to her pussy that you lick at it to keep it nice and wet. This action causes Jen to push down deep into my cock making her gag. She closes her mouth around my shaft again and slides back up as you continue to lick at her pussy. With each and every lick from you she slides down my cock, then back up. Lick, down, up. Lick, down, up. Over and over all while Stanly continues to bang in and out of you harder, deeper, and faster with every thrust, making you cum again and again. 

She starts to tighten her grip on the couch, her mouth tightens around me, her lips directly against my cock as she squirts hard all over your tongue sending it down your chest making you cum again as you tighten your vagina muscles around his dick with them tightening hard around him. This causes him to moan with pleasure and burst out into your tightening pussy, filling you up with his nice and tasty hot cum. You take all that cum inside of you and Jen repositions herself behind stanly. 

After emptying everything out of him, he pulls out of that tight pussy so that she can sit on the ground under you. You bend down so that his cum dribbles out of you and into her mouth. She takes all that tasty cum out of you and licks at your pussy again. Quickly swallowing the cum and sliding her tongue back and forth over your vagina. Flicking your clit again back and forth causing you once again to reach that sexy climax, only this time you squirt hard all over her face and chest, into her mouth as well. She happily takes all that in as well tasting its wonderful sweetness. 

We reposition ourselves so that I'm sitting on the couch, you come and straddle me, facing away from me, and slide onto my cock. You start to jump up and down my dick. Jen takes stanly by the hand and walks him over to us. She kneels down and tells him to do the same. She moves her face close to your pussy and starts to lick at it while you're moving up and down on my dick, licking my shaft as well at the same time. Up and down you move on me. 

Jen takes his hand and pulls him closer. She places one hand on his head and pushes him to your sexy, tight, and tasty vagina. He looks at her with a look of "really? That's a dick" in his eyes. She smiles at him and pushes his head even closer to you so he can smell the sex going on. He sticks his tongue out and touches it to your pussy, tasting my dick as you make it slide in and out of you. 

He looks up at you so you're looking into his eyes as he eats you out, and you put your hands on his head, pushing him into you even more. with your hands on his head and her hand on his head, his tongue ventures to my shaft. As it comes in and out of you. Up, down, in, out he continues to lick at you and my shaft as you cum again and again. Finally, you pick yourself up, releasing my cock from your pussy, and Jen grabs it and sticks it in his face as she continues to push his head towards me forcing him to take my dick inside his mouth. 

He resists this movement, so Jen reaches down and shoves her finger into his ass causing him to open his mouth and gasp, so you and her shove his head down to my dick. He succumbs to your movements and starts to let you and Jen push his head down on my dick, then he pulls back up and you both push him back down. 

Over and over you both do this until he starts moving up and down my cock all on his own. Then Jen starts to get herself closer to your face and licks my shaft as he pulls off my dick. Then two start to share my dick going back and forth over and over licking and sucking on my shaft so much that you get off me. 

I stand up, and you get on your knees to join them. All three of you now sharing my dick. Sucking harder and licking faster. Over and over again. Finally, I start to shudder, and you and her make sure that Stanly is on my dick as I release my cum full on in his mouth. He looks up at me as my hot cum flows into his mouth. He tries to pull off me but both of you are keeping his head in place, forcing him to gobble it all up, and holding him there until he swallows it all. 

"That was a great release. What's next for fun tonight?"