 My wife and I were going to try swinging for the first time. Sara, my wife had done it before with her first husband. She had told me about what they had done early in our relationship. They had been in the life style for about two years. I told her that I was not interested in that lifestyle at all. I was interested only in a monogamous relationship and that I wouldn't stay married to a woman who would cheat on me. She said she agreed. She said that everything she and her ex-husband had done had been by mutual consent and done with both of them being present at all times.

Let me tell you about Sara. She is a vivacious and happy girl. She has a youthful and lovely figure, with long, long brown hair. She is 27 years old, 5 feet tall and under 100 pounds. She is very pretty in the 'girl next door' way. While not being exotic in appearance, she is definitely a head turner. Men's eyes follow her wherever she goes. She knows it too. She likes to be the center of attention but not overly so. She is the type of girl who, if you put her down in the middle of the Sahara Desert, will have a group of guys surrounding her in five minutes.

She never actively flirts with the guys, they all just like being near her and want to have sex with her. Me too!

Me? My name is John. I am 33 years old. I am an average guy. 5'11", 180 lbs. No fat and I run every other day and go to the gym once or twice a week. I like to stay in good shape. In college I was an intercollegiate boxer and a Golden Gloves champion. In other words I was a pretty good amateur. I never entertained any thoughts of turning pro. 

I met Sara on a trip to South Florida on business. She sat next to me on a flight from Ocala to Miami. I was delighted with her and got her cell phone number and address. She made me promise to call her on her cell phone that evening when I knew my plans a little better. I did call her and we got together for dinner and then visited a few places on South Beach afterwards. It was wonderful. She was simply a delight to be with. I got a sweet good night kiss and promised to call her in the morning. I put her in a cab and promised again to call.

I sat on my bed in my hotel with a smile on my face as I thought about her. I picked up my cell phone and dialed her number. She answered right away. She said she was lying in her bed thinking of me and wishing I would call. I told her I shouldn't have bothered her that late but that I just had to tell her how much I had loved being with her that evening. She giggled and said she had wanted to tell me the same thing.

We talked for hours. She was working as a pharmaceutical sales representative for a large drug company. She worked the Ocala area but had to attend a regional meeting for her company. She was going to be there three more days. I was going to be there two more days. I was self employed and could pretty well make my own schedule. 

At about two in the morning I could tell she was having trouble staying awake. I told her I thought she needed to get some sleep. She said, "I'm sorry if I am keeping you awake, please forgive me."

"Girl, I will stay and talk to you all night if you will let me, I can tell you are having a sinking spell though. Right?"

"Can you meet me for breakfast or lunch?"

"Hey girl, either or both. Where are you staying?"

"I'm at the downtown Marriott, where are you?"

I laughed, "You won't believe this, I'm at the same place. Room 3302."

"Wow, I'm in 3308. Come on down and kiss me good night."

I didn't waste a second and was tapping on her door almost before she hung up. She was as cute as hell even with her makeup all removed and her hair up in some jumbo rollers. I could just grin. I reached for her and she held me at arms length and laughed, "Down Boy! All you are going to get is a hug and a kiss."

"Hey, that will be just wonderful. What would you like for breakfast and what time. I'll order from room service in the morning."

"Wonderful I'll be at your door at 7:30, I would love one egg over light, hash browns, biscuits, and link sausage. Coffee. OK?"

I pulled her gently to me. I pressed my lips to hers and felt her hands go around my neck. I was a long sweet kiss. I pushed back and stared into her eyes. "WOW! That was special. I would love another one like it. But then I wouldn't want to leave."

"I know, I wouldn't want you to either." A tear ran from her eye. I picked up her hand and opened it flat. I placed a warm kiss in the palm of her hand then closed her fingers around it. I squeezed her hand gently, "For later girl, Good Night!" I quickly turned and closed the door and ran for my room.

In the morning I closed the door after the waiter left and had hardly turned around when I heard the tap on the door. She looked stunning in little charcoal pen stripped pants suit. Her hair was pulled back in a tight bun. We just stood and looked at each other. I held my hands out to her hands and she took them in hers. I lifted one of her hands and twirled her around. "Lady, you look just perfect, absolutely perfect." 

She just grinned, "Turn around for me, Please, John. Thank you, I wouldn't change a thing if I could."

I pulled her chair out from the small table and seated her. We fixed our coffee and talked for a minute when there was a rap on the door. I called, "Come in." The waiter entered and served our breakfast. I had never felt better in my whole life. She was so happy and cheerful I just smiled too. I had to hold myself in check; I just wanted to kiss her.

We talked about everything. She told me that the last training session she had to attend was that night, a Thursday. I told her I was finished except for some personal business I needed to tend to in the morning. I smiled at her, "Sara, I don't want to let you go. I'll meet you after your class and see what we can work out if you want me to do that."

"Oh John, that is just what I want too. I have to leave soon for the morning session. We break for lunch at noon. We meet in the hotel here in Meeting Room #3. Do you think you can make it for lunch?"

I reached for her hand. "Honey, why don't you just count on me being here. I'll bring us a nice lunch here. OK?"

"Oh! John, that's sounds very nice. I'll see you then. Could you do one thing for me first?"

"Yes, anything in my power."

She stood, "Please stay seated, this is a bit awkward, I got bitten by some fire ants on my ankle yesterday morning. I didn't have anything to put on them. They itch terribly. Would you look at them for me before I have to go?"

"Certainly I would. Put your foot in my lap." She pulled her pant leg up and I saw she wore a knee-high boot with about a thin four-inch heel. It zipped on the inside. I reached up and pulled the zipper down, I grasped her leg and slipped the boot off. I placed it on the floor. I saw the three red spots on her trim ankle. Each spot had a small puss blister. She wore knee high stockings under the boot. I took both hands and rolled the stocking down her leg and removed it. 

I looked up into her eyes, "Do you trust me?"

"Yes, I sure do."

I reached in my trouser pocket and found my trusty 'Leatherman's tool'. I opened the knife blade. I smiled at her again; "I am going to pop the blisters. I have some antibiotic ointment and Band-Aids in my shaving kit I will put on them." I looked at the tiny blisters carefully. "You shouldn't even feel it." I pierced each one and squeezed the pus out. I had her put her leg down and I hurried and got my shaving kit. I found the tube of Neosporin and the little spot Band-Aids and applied them. I had her put her little foot back in my lap. I pushed her pant leg back up over her knee and unrolled the stocking back up the leg caressing it as I went, then I put the boot back on her foot and zipped it back up. I looked up and saw her staring at me. I leaned forward and kissed her knee. I watched as her smile broke into a huge grin.

"That was to make it all better."

She giggled, "It did the trick, I feel all better now. No itch."

"It should be better for a while, I'll check it at lunch." I watched as she picked up her purse. I escorted her to the door. She turned and kissed me passionately. Wow! Instant hard on!! She looked into my eyes, then grinned again as she looked down at the tent in my britches. "I'll be able to think of nothing but that all morning." She whispered.

The knock came on my door about ten after twelve. Her little body flew into my arms. She kissed me hard. "I missed you so," she purred. I pulled her tight and nibbled at her ear. She pushed me away. 

"Sweetheart, I really must attend the session this afternoon. If you kiss me again I will not make the meeting. I must confess that no man has ever affected me this way. I don't believe what you do to me. If you kiss me again right now I will have to change my panties before I go back. You sit over there and I will sit here."

I said, "You are serious about this aren't you?"

"Very serious, dearest John, very serious."

"Sara, my love I think we need to have a serious discussion right away then, while I serve lunch. Are you committed to anyone? Do you have children? A lover?"

"No, I am divorced for about a year now. No kids. You?"

"No entanglements of any sort." I was placing paper plates around, a small wooden mallet, nutcrackers and forks with tiny tines, and two large covered dishes. I removed the top and revealed huge crab claws. Her eyes grew wide. "Do you like Stone Crab claws?"

She squealed, "I love them."

"I had them delivered from 'Joe's Stone Crab'."

"MMMMM! I can't wait."

"Dig in then."

We had a lovely lunch. We wrapped bath towels around us. I went to work with the mallet and cracked all the claws. I helped Sara crack the claws further so she could extract the meat. That little girl could eat. Melted butter ran down her chin as she slurped the succulent meat into her small mouth. I had ordered the crabs both hot and cold, she had never had them cold with the delicate mustard sauce that was a trademark of Joe's.

I got several warm damp wash clothes and a towel or two then gently and carefully cleaned Sara's face. I thought I would spoil her makeup put I discovered she wore almost none. 

Sara smiled at me as she looked at her watch. "Let me redo my face and then I have to run. They promised to let us out at four. Will you be here?"

"God, dear girl, YES?"

She came to me and pulled my face down. She looked in my eyes for a long time as if she was searching for something. "John, please don't hurt me, I think I'm falling in love with you."

"Sara, I promise to never hurt you. I feel the same way."

"OK. See you about four. G'bye."

I was waiting for her when she walked in the door. She grinned and threw her arms around my neck and we kissed for a long time. I leaned away from her. "How about a long soak in a hot tub? Then we can get in a little loving until morning. OK?"

"Now that sounds really delightful."

"Do you want to move your stuff to this room before or after all the fun?

"Let's do it now so we can just stay together from now on."

"Good plan, girl."

We moved all her things in my room. We relaxed in the tub sipping wine and gently playing with each other. I played with her nipples, and really they fascinated me. I loved to get them erect by twisting them and gently flipping them with my finger. They were so perky and erect they popped right up if you pushed them over. Sara loved me to suck on them but she loved any attention I gave her boobies. It seemed she couldn't get enough of my attentions to her breasts. I stood Sara up and we dried off. I carried her tiny body to bed. I gently placed her on her back. I lay between her legs and resumed my ministrations to her breasts. I kissed and suckled them until I was afraid they would become water logged. I moved down between her legs and began my attentions to her little pussy. I needed to play catch up but I started slow, watching her darling face for clues as to how I was doing. The little smile on her lips slowly grew into a grin. I let the tip of my tongue explore every nook and cranny of her vaginal area. Every tiny wrinkle in her sweet fragile inner lips was licked and softly sucked until they were committed to my memory. I saw her eye lids drift slowly closed. Then she jumped, "FUCK ME NOW! I need your cock inside me now! Oh! Yes! John, please fuck me now, I am so hot I need to be fucked now. OH, IT FEELS SO FUCKING GOOD. Yes I'm cumming now, yes, yes, oh yes, un hun yes, do me big guy. Unhun! Unhun! Unhun! Un un un un hun yes yes oh yes." I tried to bring her slowly down but she felt so damned good I blasted off myself filling her with my ropes of thick cum. We cuddled and caressed each other. We both admitted we were hungry so we ordered from Room Service then cleaned up a bit and slipped on house robes. We had a light meal and after the mess was cleared away we cuddled and talked.

After a while Sara looked at me. "What do you want to do tomorrow?"

"Do you really want to know?"

"Of course I do."

"Why don't we eat breakfast here, meanwhile I'll book us on the first available flight to Ocala. Do you have a car at the Airport?"

"Yes I do."

"Then I will follow you to your place and we will load everything up and move it to my place."

"What?"

"I don't want to live away from you anymore. I'm sorry, I thought you might like that. Excuse me."

"NO. I mean YES. I want that too. You surprised me. Yes I would love to move in with you. I rent furnished so I don't have much to move."

So three days after we met we were living together and it was heaven for both of us. We were both perfectly in tune with each other. We continuously completed sentences for each other. I would be reading and suddenly look up and see her watching me with a smile on her face. She would whisper, "I love you John." It would send a shiver to my toes.

She met my few friends and loved them. She fit right in and was an instant member of the group. The group loved her too.

We met some of Sara's old friends too. They were very friendly too but I felt some sort of reserve there. Something was missing and I couldn't put my finger on it.

We lasted together for about six months. Then I felt something change a bit. Sara was looking at me different. I got to be the lull in the conversation when Sara was talking to any of our friends in person or on the phone. I thought it was time to find out what the problem was. 

After dinner one night when we had finished cleaning up I fixed each of as a small Crème de Menthe. We snuggled together on the couch. I said, "Sara, I know this will sound a little strange, I feel something is bothering you. Can we talk about it?"

"What? Nothing is wrong. I love you with all my heart."

"I didn't say wrong, honey, I said 'bothering you'."

"Well that's almost the same isn't it?"

"I don't think so girl, our relationship has been so wonderful, like a pond without a ripple, smooth as glass. Then if a speck of dust falls in the pond and causes a tiny ripple it looks like a tidal wave because it has always been smooth but it is really only a tiny ripple."

She turned and smiled softly at me. "We don't need even a ripple. I love it smooth."

"OK. What is causing the ripple?"

"You don't know?"

"Oh! So there is something bothering you."

"No. un well, maybe. Yes there is something that causes me some concern."

I sat straight up. "WHAT?"

"Please don't get excited or upset. I just thought that we might, oh! It's nothing, I love you, and everything will be fine."

"Not anymore it won't. You have chucked a bolder in the pond. There IS a wave now." I stood up and paced across the room. I twirled and stared at her. "Honey, just tell me, I am thinking the worst possible thoughts. Don't do this to me."

"I don't think there is really anything wrong, it is just that we are naturally the subject of speculation. I can't answer some questions I am asked."

"Like what? You have to know I love you with all my heart; I'll do anything for you. You know that."

"I guess that is really at the heart of the question. How much do you love me?"

"WHAT? Are you serious?" I stared at her for along time. She started to get a bit nervous. I began to get a glimmer of an idea. I walked over to her and dropped down between her knees. I took her hands in mine. "Sara, I love you with all my heart. We are perfect together. I'll do anything you desire, babies, marriage, anything. Just tell me the problem, I'll fix it, I promise."

She started crying, "Oh, John, I love you too, I am greedy, I want all of that. You have made me so happy."

"I did? Ah, sure I did. That is my job, I make you happy."

"When can we get married?"

"Honey, I can't tell you that. I know very little about what it takes beyond a license and a preacher. Tell me what you need done and I'll do it."

Well that was about a deep as I got into the wedding plans. It came off without a problem two months later. Sara was happy as a lark. I guess I was too. We talked about starting our family. Not yet we decided, maybe in a few years. Then came my first hint of possible trouble. She said once, when we were discussing our family, that after we had the first child we had to wait until the last one was gone before we could have any serious fun. I decided not to ask what she meant.

The years continued to slip past and in my joy with my life I never noticed that things had changed between us. My first clue was one Saturday morning when I asked Sara if she was going to get ready to go with me to do our weekly grocery shopping.

She stood and looked at me. "No, John, I am fed up with this. I don't feel like going anywhere at all with you. I am bored to death. I think maybe we should separate for a while until we get out of this rut we are in."

"What? What are you talking about?"

"I don't think you love me any more. You haven't touched me in a month. Do you have another woman?"

"WHAT? NEVER! I've never even thought about it. Do you want to leave me?" You have never complained until now, and then wham! Are you the one cheating? You and your ex did that shit. Are you back into it?"

"No John, you know how much I love you. I could never do that."

"Yeah, you love me so much you want us to separate. All of a sudden you accuse me of cheating. You say you could never do that but you are the one that was into wife- swapping and all that stuff, not me." I couldn't believe this was happening. I sat in my chair and stared at her. She was crying now, I hated that. I couldn't stand to see her cry. I hated that I had said things to hurt her. I dried my own eyes and slowly walked to the door, I turned and saw her watching me with her eyes wide, as if in terror. I looked down, "Are you afraid of me?"

"NO. Oh no I know you would never harm me. Never. I am afraid though. Very afraid."

"Why are you afraid? I won't touch you."

"I am scared I have driven you off. I am scared you will leave me. I couldn't live without you."

"I feel the same way about you Sara, I love you with all my heart. I don't think I could survive our marriage breaking up."

"Oh! John, Dear, hold me tight, never let me go." We clung to each other crying and sobbing for a long time. We ended up cuddling on the couch, swearing our love for each other and both of us taking the blame for letting it get this far. I told her it was my fault, I didn't realize it had been a month since we had made love. I said, "I honestly do not know just how long it has been, do you?" She looked up at me. "Not really, at least three weeks though. I think!"

"Would you like to correct that situation or do you have someone else in mind to do the job for you?" 

She shoved me back suddenly and squirmed up over me until she was sitting on my chest holding my hands over my head. She looked hard in my eyes. "I've told you before, I might let some other guy fuck me for fun and pleasure if you agree and are there, NO OTHER MAN will ever make love to ME. My love belongs to only you, forever."
