 After Stanly swallows all my cum, You and Jen start to kiss again. Stanly puts his hands on either side of me and pushes himself up to my mouth so that he can easily kiss me. His hot breath, tongue and rough lips working around my own lips and tongue. Additionally, our dicks rubbing against each other's, and you two kissing heavily right in front of us is the perfect recipe for my penis to get hard again. Of course, the feeling of his dick rubbing against mine by itself is enough for me to forget about everything else going on and start to get hard again. He's already super hard again, and I slide my hand down so that my hand grabs his penis and squeezes it. He moves his body up and down as I move my hand up and down his shaft. 

It feels so good, I need more.

You two start to explore each other's body with your lips and hands again. Biting down on your respective necks while squeezing your and her tits. Sliding your hand down to her pussy sliding a finger in and making her cum instantly due to how sensitive it is from earlier. Pinching at it lightly, making her gasp with pleasure with every single movement of your fingers as they explore her nether regions. 

I stand up and pick up stanly to turn him around on the couch. As soon as I do this I get on my knees and put his cock into my mouth. I need to taste it. I need his cock in every hole possible. Up and down his dick I move my head. The whole time keeping my eyes on his. Bobbing up and down, in and out of my mouth. 

You slide your finger out of her pussy and Stand up leaving her wanting more. You walk behind the couch and pull out the vibrating strapon that was waiting to be used and put it on. She stands up and sits next to stanly. You kneel down next to me, stop me from sucking on him, and put your mouth around his cock. You slide your head up and down a few times to get warmed up. Then you release him again and we both stand up with my dick now standing at attention and your fake dick erect and ready to go. We both lube up, and push the heads of our dick right against the asshole of our partners. Pushing the head in gently as stanly gasps, and turns to grasp Jens tit as I slowly start to slide out, then in. Sticking to just the tip. You also start to slide just the tip into her ass, and begin to slide gently in and out. 

Slowly, very slowly as they're getting used to the feeling of dick in their ass. She reaches down and grabs his dick, squeezing it and holding it like a joystick. He slides his hand down and again starts to rub his fingers around her pussy. Both as we continue to go slightly deeper with every other thrust. Slowly we make our way all the way into your ass and now we really start to move in and out of you as your sphincter closes around our dicks, slowly expanding more and more with every thrust, but feeling that wonderful tightness around my dick. In and out we move back and forth, so tight, in and out in and out. You and I turn to each other and start to kiss as we fuck them over and over. She keeps squirting all over your stomach and fake dick, while moving her hand up and down his shaft, and him sending wave after wave of ecstasy through her body, adding to the pleasure of the ass fuck. 

Finally, you and I stop fucking them and switch spaces. Stanly slowly sliding his dick into my very ready and willing ass. At the same time Jen slide the strapon slowly into your ass. Over and over, evermore deeper and slightly faster until finally his penis and that strapon dick are as far in as possible. Faster out and in, slowly, then hard over and over again. The vibrations running through the fake cock vibrating in your ass, running through your hips with my finger sliding up and down that sexy, sensitive pussy of yours. You cum again. She stops fucking you and you turn over, and readjust so you can suck my dick as you stick your ass up so she can slide that vibrating strapon back into that ass of yours. She pounds into you over and over every time she plunges into your ass you suck my dick harder. This makes me tighten my abs, which tightens my own ass harder around stanly's cock as it slides deep into me. Over and over this happens going faster and harder until she pulls out of you and he pulls out of me. They switch spots. So now I get that wonderful vibration moving into my ass, through my hips, into my prostate, causing my abs to contract, making my cock pop up and down as you suck my dick. All while you also, are being fucked in the ass over and over. This all feels fantastic, especially that vibrator sliding in and out of my ass. 

All to soon he pulls out of you, and she pulls out of me.

We reposition ourselves on the ground now. She lays behind me so that she's sliding that nice vibrating cock into my ass. You lay in front of me, and you are facing me, so that my cock is sliding into your pussy while she fucks my ass. He lays behind you so that he's sliding in and out of your ass. We get into a pretty good rhythm so that we're all pleasing each other. Her into me, me into you, and him into you. Over and over we manage to keep it up. All of us are moaning hard. All of us are moving our hips back and forth with each other. Both the girls pausing as they shudder and scream in pleasure with the constant vibrations and constant movement of that nice cock of his and mine. Finally stanly starts to shudder and he screams loud as he shoves his dick harder into his ass spilling all his cum into that sexy ass of yours. This, in conjunction with the constant assault my own ass is in, I also release hard into your pussy. We both keep pumping you as we finish filling you up. There's so much cum. We stop pumping and sit up again. Now, you sit on the couch, and all three of us start lapping at your pussy, fighting for all that hot cum seeping out of your pussy. 

Finally, we all lay down, super tired, and decide sleeping and resting from sex for a few hours will help us have more fun tomorrow...but we still may wake up early for more fun. You never know.