 Five minutes later Matthew steps aside and makes Carla stand with her back to the wall. He is still playing with the woman of the couple on their right side, while Carla stands there alone with a guy she cannot see, but only feels. While Matthew moves away the stranger moves towards Carla and he stops right in front of her. He starts to play with her pussy with one hand and the other hand moves towards her breasts. Carla's pussy is getting so wet.

Carla starts to move her hand towards the guy and finds his chest. From there she moves slowly down until she finds a very large, swollen cock. She wraps her hand around it and starts to move up and down, making the cock even bigger. The man starts to pant and his hand moves faster on her pussy. He moves his other hand from her breasts to her ass. His firm grip squeezes her left cheek and stays there while he starts to finger her pussy.

Next to Carla Matthew is still playing with the other woman. She strands next to Carla against the wall and by the sound of it she likes what Matthew is doing. She is moaning very loudly and so is Matthew. Carla has no idea what they are doing, but she can feel the woman's shoulder next to hers.

Carla feels she has lost control and allows herself to enjoy every second of this strange, new feeling. The feeling of pure delight. It is not about love anymore, but only about the pure pleasure of sex. She notices that all anxiety she had is gone. 

All of a sudden she feels the breath of the stranger in her neck. He has moved towards her and starts to kiss her neck. She gets goosebumps all over her body. He starts to move down while he keeps on kissing her. He stops at her left breasts and licks her hard nipple. All the while he is still fingering her pussy and stroking her ass. Carla starts to moan even harder and she knows Matthew can hear it.

Carla grabs the head of the stranger and pushes his face on her breast to show him to play with her nipple. He gets the hint and starts sucking and biting on her nipple more and more. She moves her head backwards and enjoys this feeling. She slowly pushes his face to the other breast, because that one needs attention too. He starts to kiss and lick the other one and moves his hand to her now free breast and plays with her hard nipple.

All of a sudden he stops and pulls his head and hands back. Carla has no idea what is about to happen, but the man gently forces her to sit on her knees. She does so and waits for what happens next, but she can already guess and she doesn't mind. She feels the man's hard cock on her lips and she opens her mouth so he can slide it in. While he slides it in she starts to move her head up and down on this hard, swollen cock. With a free hand she starts to play with his balls, which are nice and smooth. 

He grabs her head and helps her to suck his dick. He has a fierce grip, but Carla doesn't mind. While she is sitting here she feels the hand of the other women playfully on her shoulders and on her back. She keeps sucking and the man really likes it. Matthew always tells her she is the best when it comes to a blow job.

After a while Carla has had enough and gets up. The stranger turns her around, with her side to the wall facing the other woman. She moves closer to Carla and starts to touch her. The man stands behind Carla, feeling her up by her breasts and pussy, which is soaking wet. She feels Matthew is standing behind the woman and doing the same thing. The woman kisses Carla's' neck and moves to the cheek, while she folds her arms around Carla. She goes from her cheek to her mouth and starts kissing her lips. Carla answers this with kissing her too and licks the woman's lips with her tongue. 

All of a sudden she hears the woman breath much heavier and starts to shock a bit. What is happening there? The woman is breathing harder and harder and she moves to Carla's' ear and whispers:

"It feels so nice having your man inside of me."

So Matthew is fucking her? Carla did not see that coming since they both agreed not to do that, not yet. While Carla thinks about what to do she feels the stranger is removing his hands from her tits and pussy. He lays his hands on her thighs and next she feels his hard dick between her ass cheeks. It is very hard and big. He moves up and down and Carla really likes it. 

But she is so turned on now that she doesn't mind Matthew fucking the other woman from behind. She is still holding on to the other woman to help keep her balance while she is bending over. She feels her body moving and imagines it's because Matthew is shoving his cock in her pussy.

The stranger behind Carla moves the tip of his cock across her asshole towards her wet pussy. When his cock arrives there he pokes her clit with it. Clara closes her eyes and enjoys the feeling. All of a sudden he shoves his cock deep in her pussy. She opens her eyes wide open but there is only darkness. He starts to pound her while she starts to breath heavier in the face of the other woman.

While she is being fucked by a total stranger she starts to kiss the woman again. Her lips are so soft and nice. Carla also starts to play with the woman's breasts. They are big, but not as big as her own. She fondles the nipples and moves her head forward to lick the nipple. She moves her tongue around the nipple and sucks it all in her mouth. The woman seems to like that.

With one hand Carla moves to the pussy of the woman and starts to play with her clit. She can actually feel Matthews dick pounding the woman's pussy. The woman starts to do the same with Carla's pussy. The idea of Matthew fucking the woman and Carla being fucked by a total stranger wasn't exactly what she had in mind after entering the dark room, but Carla really likes it now. She wants more!

The woman suddenly starts to moan even harder and Carla figures the woman is about to have an orgasm. She feels that Matthew notices it too and starts pounding harder and starts to play with the woman's breasts. Carla continues to play with the woman's pussy and makes sure to touch her clit the most. The woman starts to shake all over her body when she comes. She is almost screaming from pleasure. Meanwhile the man is still fucking Carla from behind and seems to enjoy the things happening in front of him.

Then the woman is quiet, but still breathing loudly. She really needs to have some rest and she gently pushes Matthew aside. She moves Matthew in front of her, facing Carla. She then starts to give a hand job to Matthew so he stays hard. Then she finds Carla's head and make her bend over to put Matthews' still swollen cock in her mouth.

Carla is now getting fucked from behind by a stranger while giving a blow job to her boyfriend. She sucks Matthew the way he likes it and he starts to breath harder and harder. 

"I'm about to come!" Matthew yells all of a sudden.

And before she knows it Matthews comes and fills her mouth with his sperm. She keeps sucking because she knows Matthew likes that. He starts to jerk off so he can fill her mouth with as much sperm as he can. When he is done he pulls back his dick and Carla swallows most of his sperm. Now she wants to enjoy this very nice, big dick that is still in her pussy.

She is still getting fucked from behind and the stranger doesn't seem to get tired yet. Carla feels the hands of the woman on her face and after that she feels the lips of the woman on hers. They start to make out again. The woman also touches Carla's breasts. The man behind her starts to pound harder and harder and Carla starts to moan harder and harder.

"I think he is about to come too," the woman said.

"Let him come in my pussy!" Carla answered. 

The woman lets her go and moves away from her to go over to the stranger. Carla can hear her whisper to him.

"Come in her pussy, dear. Fill her with everything you have, " the woman says to her man.

He starts pounding even harder and grabs her ass more tight than before. All of a sudden he stops and moves slowly. Carla can feel he is coming in her and his cock is throbbing inside her. He pushes his cock deep inside of her, making sure he fills her up completely.

When he is done he pulls out and kisses her back. Carla is surprised and confused. Because everybody came, except her. The woman grabs her hand and then she feels Matthew pushing her more inside the dark room.

"The woman said there are some beds here, " he explained.

So she keeps on walking. Guided by Matthew and the woman. The man is gone, or at least she has no idea where he is. 

Then she feels something that feels like a bed. Matthew and the woman lay her down on her back on the bed. Matthew is aside her and starts to kiss her. The woman opens up Carla's legs and starts to kiss her inner thighs, moving slowly to her pussy. And when she arrives there she starts to lick Carla's pussy with everything she has.

The feeling overwhelms Carla for a moment. It is wonderful. She never thought that being licked by a woman would be so good! Matthew is still kissing her and playing with her breasts. The woman gets a hand under Carla's butt and starts to squeeze her butt cheek. She used the other hand to finger Carla's pussy and all the while she is still licking her.

This wild licking and the fact that it isn't Matthew doing it makes Carla feel like she is about to come. She grabs the woman's head and pushes her on her pussy more. She starts to moan and breath heavily before releasing one of the best orgasms she ever had. She comes so hard that people in the bar below can hear it. She screams of pleasure while still holding the woman's head tightly to her pussy. And then she releases her and falls down on the bed. Still breathing heavily and smiling, but nobody can see that.

The woman crawls onto Carla, covering her whole body.

"I hope you enjoyed that, " she said, "Well, at least I did." 

She kisses Carla on the lips and crawls back. Only Matthew is next to her now. The woman is gone and the man too. She sees the second curtain move and two people leave the dark room. But Carla can only see the silhouettes of the two people. Around her she still hears people moan, scream of pleasure, wet pussies being fingered and bodies slamming into each other. Honestly this is Carla's best experience in the swingers club ever. 

"Thank you for bringing me in her, " she said to Matthew.

"I'm glad you had a good time. Why don't we go down for a drink?"

Carla stands up and feels the pain in her knees. This is a good pain, because she only has it after great sex. They both struggle to find the exit. When they finally find the second curtain they go through it. The only thing the people inside the dark room see are two silhouettes of people leaving the dark room.