 It was my 37th birthday. My wife and I had gone out to dinner at a nice restaurant with a couple of close old friends. That is, they were a couple and we were close to them. She worked with me then and still does. When they met, it was through me as he was an old friend of mine for years. I'm an electronic engineer and she is also, but she is now more of a programming specialist. It's fun to be with them, even though I'm the oldest in the group now. After a wonderful dinner with a bottle of wine, we arrived at our home.

"Come on in guys. The night is young and I have a present to share with you," I stated.

My wife, Arielle, led them while I closed the garage up. I admired my wife's lovely figure and beautiful appearance tonight as she walked by me, followed by Madison and Ryan, my friends. You can call me Andy. Arielle wore a snug fitting short black dress with flower prints that I absolutely love. I had bought it for her a couple of years ago and rarely got to see her in it. It had spaghetti straps holding up her firm braless breasts which a plunging neckline revealed heaving in a full cleavage. Shoulder length dark red hair reached her bare shoulders and arms which hinted at the very nice body concealed under the dress. The lower hem was mid-thigh and revealed her long strapless hose-covered legs well when she sat down. I had been admiring them all through dinner and the drive home, where the dress had been pushed up to show the very tops of her thigh-high black hose with lacy tops that were just under her hips. 

I noticed that our waiter and Ryan both seemed to like them too. She was gorgeous. Blond haired Madison wore a spaghetti strapped dress also. It was not as tight as my wife's but fit her well. It was dark burgundy and snug around her full breasts, also braless, and tapered down her trim waist. The lower half flowed outward from pleated hips and also ended at mid-thigh. Her matching tan hose complemented the dress well. I never saw her as a sexy woman at work but those thoughts surely crossed my mind as she walked by smiling. Ryan and I wore more dressy slacks, long sleeve shirts, and a classy leather jacket for me and a brown suede jacket for Ryan. Not formal but comfortable. I'm a blond and he's a brunette (If you can call a dark brown haired guy a brunette), and both of us are pretty fit from eating well and working out regularly. You know, guy stuff. We were all in our mid-thirties and living well.

Arielle brought us drinks as we sat on my living room couch, Arielle in the right corner, me, Madison to my left, and Ryan on the left corner. I produced my MMJ vape pen from the coffee table and told them how I had received a new cartridge of Blue Dream honey oil for my birthday from my little brother, and asked if they would like to share some for dessert. There was an enthusiastic YES from everyone so I primed it, took the first big toke, and passed it to Madison. The new ones hit so well so I could barely contain it as I held it in as long as I could.

"You might want to take it easy the first time," I gasped after blowing out a huge cloud of dreamy blue vapor. 

Too late. She got a huge one too, followed by Ryan and my wife. 

"Hey, anyone want to watch a movie? I have Netflicks. We can pick out something fun to watch together," I asked.

"Let me look at your movie stash first, Andy. It looks like you have a lot," Madison replied, dropping to her knees in front of my entertainment system to look through my movie collection, her butt stretched tightly by the dress looking back at us all. And a fine butt it was.

After a few minutes of looking while the rest of us tried to chat, which was hard to do at the moment, she produced a DVD and announced, "Here's one I haven't seen. It seems to be a musical or something. Let's watch it." She inserted it into the player while I used the remote to ready everything.

I knew this wasn't a musical and that she should have clearly seen the pictures of some of the content on the label. I said nothing and waited as the title came on. "Swing Time", the screen presented as a smiling Madison returned to her place between her boyfriend, our friend Ryan, and me on the couch and settled in with a peck on his lips and a sly smile, our legs touching. Arielle already had her hand on my leg as she always does when we're together. Nice touch. There was good music in this video and it was playing from the start, over the opening credits. The first scene was two couples swing dancing to a lively jive. The girls had tight dancer type onesies and loose, short skirts that spun outward from their waists as they twisted around, clearly showing their long, bare legs and butts. The guys wore shorts and under shirts (I hate to use the term "wife beater" but that's what they were), as they spun and jived their way around the floor. They were quite good, especially for this type of film.

When the music finally stopped, the four dancers hugged each other in heavy breathing exhaustion. The girls kissed and hugged their guys, then the opposite guy. They were obviously friends. You could hear comments about how much fun they had had dancing together and what a turn on it was. They stood around chatting and rehydrating as the guys told the girls how hot their tight asses and legs looked, shimmering with the glow of their sweat. The girls returned the compliments and when the guys removed their sweaty shirts, moved in to kiss their chests and grab their asses, pulling them tight against their bodies. The guys loosened their flimsy dance skirts and tossed them aside, leaving them only in their tight onesies with their ass cheeks in the guy's hands. More kissing ensued as the gals ground their hips and breasts against the guys. When they separated, it was obvious that the guys were aroused. The girls ground the guy's crotches through their shorts, obviously liking what they saw, and soon went for the zippers to remove their shorts.

"So, Maddie, you like musicals huh?" My wife asked. "They're pretty good dancers, don't you think?"

"Oh, yes, I love dancing," Madison stated flatly. "I wonder what kind of dancing they're going to do now."

Ryan chimed in with, "She sure does. I can barely keep up with her. She goes wild on the dance floor. Remember last year's company Christmas party when she was dancing with any guy who came up to her after I had to take a break?"

"Hey, I was a little under the influence at the time. All I remember was having a fun time. No harm, no foul, right?" Madison replied.

The four of us were watching and smiling in rapt attention, feeling a good buzz from the glass or so of wine at dinner and the great honey oil. My wife was rubbing my leg with her hand closer to my crotch. I felt Madison's leg moving against my left leg and glanced over to see her right hand on her own breast and her left on Ryan's cock through his pants. His right hand was on her left leg, below the hem of her skirt, rubbing her hose clad leg, causing her dress to rise up further until the lace of her thigh-high hose was showing. Catching her breath, she said, "Hey, is there any more of that Blue Dream left?"

We passed the pen around one more time. This is no weak little doobie. This is some powerful, though smooth and tasty, concentrated weed! Arielle had her arm around my shoulders now and kissed me on the neck, even giving me a lick. Upon seeing what the other couple was up to, she openly grasped my penis, now a cock, as discretely as she could. We were all buzzing by then and returned our attention to the movie. 

The guys were standing nude and hard. They were removing the girls' last garments. As their firm breasts came into view, you could see them rising and falling from their excitement, more than from their prior exertion. They showed their bare, glistening pussies before they pressed them against their guy's hard cocks and balls while pulling each other's asses together and kissing, pressing chests together. The girls kissed their way down their guy's necks, chests, and waist until they were on their knees in front of their guy's cocks, which they proceeded to lick and suck all around and under their balls, holding their ass cheeks in their hands to pull him closer. A sound came from my left.

"This is a good musical movie!" Madison stated. Ryan nodded in agreement.

I turned to my wife in time to see that one strap had fallen off her shoulder and her breast was almost fully exposed. I lowered the dress flap to see it in all its beauty and leaned over to kiss and suckle her hardening nipple. She responded with a gasp and a glance over at the other couple, and grabbed my cock harder. They were kissing to my left with Ryan's hand on her breast where Madison had just vacated it to rub his cock through his pants. Her left hand was urgently stroking his cock while she twisted her right hand to stroke his leg while my lovely wife stroked my cock. Time ceased, or ceased to matter anyway. 

"Wow, that's some good shit," Ryan exclaimed to no one in particular. "I hope we're not bothering you two."

Upon glancing over at us and seeing Arielle's breast almost fully exposed and her hand on the bulge of my crotch, he added, "Oh, I suppose we're not."

Madison glanced over at us to see what he meant and added, "Well, someone's getting bothered but not in a bad way," And she winked at us to show what she meant, resuming her attention to Ryan and the movie. 

A large matt or mattress appeared on the floor in the movie and the two couples lowered themselves to it. Couple number 1 was a blonde guy and girl. Couple number 2 were both dark haired. Girl #1, the blonde girl, was on top of guy #1, her blonde man, in a 69 position slurping down his entire long cock while he was busily eating out her pussy and ass. They were both moaning and groaning. Guy #2, a brunette, approached girl #2, also a brunette, who was on her hands and knees beside blonde guy, looking at the action beside her and waiting for what she knew was coming. Brunette Guy entered her from behind, filling up her vagina with his big cock in one determined thrust. Brunette Girl threw back her head in surprise at being filled so completely and quickly. When he withdrew, she pushed her hips back, not wanting the cock to leave her. Moans and groans emanated from my couch also as the scene in the movie sent lust into our veins. So the blonds were sucking for all they were worth and the brunettes were fucking away already.

My hand was now between my wife's legs which she opened willingly to allow my fingers to rub the soft skin above her hose and up until I felt her moist panties. Her tight dress slid up to her hips, showing her silky smooth bare legs above those sexy lace-topped black thigh-highs. She moaned at my touch and reached for my belt and zipper with the urgency of a hungry woman. I raised my hips to help her get my pants down, her hands pulling down my boxers along with my pants. As soon as they were past my knee, there was a foot pushing them down and away while I fingered my wife's clit through her satin bikini panties. That foot and tan stocking'd leg swung over my left leg. It shocked me and I looked over to see what was happening. Madison had managed to loosen Ryan's pants and free his cock which she was stroking with a firm grip, eyes glued on the TV screen. Her left leg was over his leg with her dress almost up to her waist. His fingers had pulled her tan panties aside and fingers were rubbing and entering her puffy pussy lips. I had never imagined that she could have such a meaty pussy as I watched her rotating her hips up to grab more of his fingers. Arielle was staring at the sight also and stroking my hard cock with more intensity as I found my way past her panties to do the same to her.

Back in the movie, I could see why Madison was so intent on watching the screen. The blonde couple had turned around so that the guy was on his back with his cock and balls right in front of the face of the brunette girl, who was still in doggy position enjoying a steady fucking from her partner from behind. She looked up to see that big cock and ass staring her in the face. She liked it! The blonde girl appeared and squatted down over the guy facing him, leaving her ass and pussy right in the other girl's face also. She licked it, just a quick lap up over the blonde's puffy pussy as she lowered it onto the awaiting cock below. The brunette had an orgasm right there as the guy saw what was happening and fucked her into her first come of the day. She closed her eyes and her whole body shook at the intense feelings caused by the fucking, the touching, licking, seeing the sight in front of her. She wanted to do it again and opened her eyes to see the blonde riding a long cock as far as she could go; in and out they went. She stuck her tongue out and licked the cock, pussy, and ass of her friends. It was heaven for all.

Madison spoke first, "Damn that's so fucking hot! That would be like me eating you guys!" And she realized what she said and corrected with, "not that I would do that or anything..." And maybe the weed made her want even more. 

Ryan blurted out, "Well I wouldn't mind being the guy fucking you from behind!" Realizing that he, too, had just spoken from his mind instead of thinking about it first, as she had spoken, he added, "Well, I would like to be that guy right now, babe."

After a brief and thoughtful pause, she surprised him with her candor, "OK, but I want to be facing the screen." "You guys mind?" She asked us.

"Oh no! Make yourself at home," Arielle hastily replied, to my surprise. I was still trying to process what was about to happen and it was all settled already!

Damn! Did I just hear that? Madison stood up, turned around, reached down and pulled her dress up and over her head, laying it aside. She stood proud, big breasts standing out firm and tall, her tan hose and panties being the only things covering her otherwise nude body. I had always thought she was stocky but I could see now that she was just solidly built, maybe an inch or two shorter than my tall wife, a faint tan with white breasts and butt. Arielle and I enjoyed the display very much and stared in anticipation at what we were seeing. A nearly nude Madison, my fellow worker and friend, was about to fuck her boyfriend, our friend, right in front of us! She got on her hands and knees right in front of Ryan, her ass back and up in the air for him to take. 

Ryan rose immediately and removed his pants, shorts, and shirt so he was bare and loaded for bear with his hefty cock at the ready. He was thick and hard and plenty long enough. Arielle must have liked her first sight of Ryan's body because she squeezed me harder and pressed her pussy against my hand. Madison was engrossed with the movie again when he touched her butt with his hands, rubbing her firm round ass cheeks before pulling down her panties over her legs and feet, taking a sniff and smiling before tossing them to us. Her smooth pussy looked ready and eager for him. He rubbed his cock up and down her already wet pussy lips and pressed his cock head past her moist pussy folds, waited, inserted more and more until he was in as far as he could go. She shuttered at each touch and advance with her pussy muscles welcoming him inside her. We could see her ass clenching and pushing back as she felt him entering her.

"Oh Ryan, yes! Make me come like her," Madison moaned, still looking at the hot sex happening on the screen, and now maybe feeling like she was part of it.

I don't think my wife had ever seen another couple fucking live and I could tell by her panting and hands on me that it was turning her on too. We watched Ryan's butt driving his cock into Madison's eager pussy while he pulled her hips back with his strong hands, alternating looking down at her and past her to the movie. Her big and full white breasts swayed back and forth under her chest with every stroke, her hard dark nipples and large brown areola swinging on the carpet. 

With me sitting there in only my shirt, Arielle arose and announced, "I feel so overdressed right now. Looking into my eyes, she lowered her other shoulder strap, freeing both of her perfect breasts, slowly unzipped the dress, and dropped it to the floor like a private striptease for me. Ryan and Madison had looked over when she stood and were admiring the sight as my wife stepped out of her little black panties and rubbed her pussy for all to see. She was tall and thin, but not skinny, with firm, perfectly shaped breasts and butt. Meanwhile, I had removed my shirt and was now totally nude. Arielle bent over at her waist and gave me a few hard and deep sucks on my firm cock, then turned her back to me and straddled my legs. She grasped my cock between her legs and guided it toward her pussy as she lowered her body to it until it slid easily into her juicy pink pussy. When the head was in she sat right down on it and gave a loud "Ahhhh" sound. I put my arms around her, finding her breasts and pulling her back against me, kissing the nape of her neck with her long red hair falling over my head and face.

Some time passed as Arielle rode my cock very slowly, up and down, gripping it occasionally with her strong cunt muscles. We could both see the movie and see that things had progressed there too. I believe the brunette girl had come again, judging from the moans and the disheveled look on her pretty face and the open and moaning mouth. We know she had been licking the blonde couple's cock and pussy all the while. Something was said and the guy behind her stood up, stroking his still-hard cock leisurely. The brunette girl rolled over onto her back in seaming exhaustion, breathing heavily and recovering, feeling and soothing her well fucked pussy with her hand. The blonde girl stood up and kissed her lover's cock and lips, giving him a taste of her juices as well. She stood looking down at the other girl on the matt, seemingly admiring her. 

I'm calling them girls because they were younger than us, probably early twenties, with tight bodies and firm smaller breasts, no doubt from all their dancing. She knelt down and kissed her on her lips, a deep, loving kiss, tongues dancing together, rubbing her breasts with her hands, then moving down and licking them both while holding them up, nibbling the nipples until they were even harder. She kissed her navel and stomach, down to her clit which she gave a quick kiss/suck. Throwing her leg over the brunette, placing her own pussy right above the recovering girl's face, she lowered her face into the girl's pussy and proceeded to lick and suck it with vigor. This must have been some kind of payback for the licking she had received while she fucked the blonde guy on his back.

This had an effect on Madison. Hearing her loud moans, we saw her head down and turned to the side, looking at us now, one hand massaging her breast and the other hurriedly rubbing her clit. Ryan was furiously pumping her now and she pushed back at every shove, trying to reach her own orgasm. He was moaning with her and we knew it couldn't be far away now. They were fucking like animals now, urgently trying to reach the pinnacle and go over the top, fucking and rubbing, pulling and pushing. For several minutes they went at it and we couldn't take our eyes away. Then, her hips contracted, grabbing his cock tight inside her. She was coming all over now, her hips and whole body spasming and shaking. He only made it a few more strokes before squirting his hot cum way up inside her until it was forced out and ran down her legs from her contractions as she fell flat onto the carpet panting. 

I knew how they must feel as Arielle squeezed my cock hard with every contraction and comings she saw from the couple to our left. My hands were pulling her hips up and down now while her firm boobs bounced hard up and down from the exertion. In no time, we were both coming with each other also. I filled my wife's milking pussy until my cum and hers ran down over my cock and balls. When she recovered enough, she quickly went to the bathroom and returned with a couple of hot, wet face cloths and hand towels, and cleaned off my cock and balls and her own tender pussy. She then went over to Ryan with the smile still beaming on her face, and cleaned off his sticky, shrinking cock and balls to a surprised look on his face. She placed the warm cloth over Madison' red pussy and gently rubbed all the cum off it and her ass and legs to low moans from the babe on the floor. Later, I thought that I should have been shocked or angry like a lot of guys would have been, but I could only smile at what a loving, caring, sexy wife I had and admire her for being so helpful.
