 At The Swingers Club, From Both Sides.

Why am I lying on my back, on a towel, on a plastic bench, stark naked, watching a pathetic porn film with my partner giving me deep, luscious, penetrating kisses? I am a forty something, blond lady, in quite good shape for my years, although I say it who shouldn't. Sure I have stretch marks but it's dark here and they are almost invisible. What's more, so I'm told, they are evidence that I've lived. I wear my hair in a pony tail, which sets off my face rather well with the square framed glasses that I need to even see across the room. I am here for pleasure; sexual pleasure. I love my partner deeply and he loves me too but he has a block on some of my sexual needs. It was he who persuaded me to come here, to lie on this bench, stark naked while he caresses me and I wait for what I really want. He lies across my chest, playing with my boobs in the way he knows I love while the roving hands of other men work on me below my navel. Most of the hands are insistent, trying to invade my pussy but that's not what I want, so I keep my thighs tightly closed. Ah ha! Could this one be more interesting? Is he going where I need him to go? I feel his breath on the outside of my thigh while he strokes my legs. Subtle little nibbly kisses, this could be good! He kisses my lower leg, this time on the inside. Should I open? Or will he just jam his fingers in my cunt? I relax a little and let him nibble the inside of my knee. He moves slowly. This is promising. I feel hot breath on the inside of my thigh and the other hands have stopped: thank goodness. I relax a little more and allow my knees to part just a fraction. He doesn't hurry: this is really promising. He just breathes out on my inner thigh; it's hot; he's not rushing but hinting and pleasures to come.

I wandered into the cinema, crappy porn playing but, on the back row, there is a stunning blond in glasses. Not sure what she wants but this looks promising. Her partner is draped across her chest giving her loving kisses. The men are moving in but I happen to be in the perfect place near her feet. We all start caressing her legs and thighs but the amateurs keep trying to force their fingers between her thighs. Clearly this is not what she wants as she clamps her thighs tightly. I soon realise what she really wants is to be pleasured slowly and almost certainly with a blow job. All the others don't want to go there, the just expect to fuck. I blow hot air over the outside of her thighs as I stroke and nibble. Gradually she lowers her defences, the knees part a little as I nibble the inside. I don't rush because this is really promising and the competition is giving up. As the thighs part, ever so slowly, I don't rush for the clit; that would be what she expects and most surely doesn't want.

Oh this is good! I allow my thighs to open a little more. Please don't just jump in. I needn't have worried, my cunt is there, open for him, wet with my desire and he is working on the inside of my thighs. I push my clit towards him but he just blows hot air onto the inside of my thigh. Fuck, this could be good but please, please, put your tongue on my clit.

She squirms a little as I blow on her thighs and she opens, she is fully available now but rushing is clearly not what she wants; really wants, so I breath out on her inner thigh, all the way up to her sex but never quite getting there. She is squirming now so I know I'm on the right track. I know what she wants, only my hands can mess it up now.

Whatever you do, don't stick your fingers in my cunt! He's far too sensitive to do that. The nibbling continues right up to the edge of my lips. I feel the gentle tugging on the well trimmed blond hairs round my pussy and I start to flow. Oh this is good, just what I want but please lick me where I ache. I really ache, lick my clit.

There is just a hint of that gorgeous scent from the moistness that I sense is now seeping from her pleasure zone. Her hips start to move towards me and this is the signal I have been waiting for. When does teasing become torture? I want the former but not the latter. I move forward and blow gently onto her clit.

Oh fuck yes. Hot air on my pussy but for god's sake lick me. I push my cunt towards his face, will he take the hint? Oh fuck yes! His tong touches the tip of my clit and then he withdraws, then it touches again. Fuck he's good, whoever he is. He alternates little lapping strokes on my clit with deep sucking motions on my whole vulva. Was he ever a girl? How does he know how to do this?

Now is the time, she's moved forwards. I give her clit the gentlest of little laps with my tongue and withdraw, blow on her thigh and lick again. As she becomes more insistent she grinds her crotch into my face. I take the hint and clasp her whole sex with my mouth and suck. I suck and lick and she becomes more and more animated. All the while her partner is lying across her chest, fondling her breasts, caressing and kissing her. I slide a finger gently into her wet cleft, it slips in easily and she presses forward onto it. As she does, I take the chance to lick her clit. I withdraw, she pulls back. Will this work? I slide my finger gently forward and her hips push onto my hand. I lap at her clit and she's got the message. In out, back forth, up and down with a lap at her clit on each thrust. Then I miss a few, she pushes forward more insistently, waiting for her reward. Then I smother her sex with my mouth. She pushes forward hard against my tongue and I withdraw. This continues forever. I am loving the response of a highly sexually aroused female taking what I have to offer.

He's taken the hint and laps my clit. Deep joy. But then he withdraws, oh don't go! I grind my sex into his face. Do not keep me waiting any longer; I'm ready and feel my juices flowing freely. Then he clasps his mouth over my mound, oh joy. I can't help myself as I push my cunt towards his expert mouth. My partner is caressing my breasts as he kisses me lovingly. He is so generous, he knows my needs and, as he is unable to fulfil them, he is providing for me. A finger makes its way between my labia. God I need this, I push forwards onto it and he laps my clit as I do. I am now building very quickly. A few more strokes repeat just the same then his tongue is not there. What? I give a few, more insistent, thrusts and mercifully his mouth covers my mound and he sucks. I am nearly there so for god's sake don't stop. A few more laps of my clit and I will explode.

Her clit is now swollen, it's protruding from her moist lips and is really erect, each lick now elicits a little groan of pleasure. The size makes it a tempting target and each lick increases the tension. I'm ecstatic, I've never seen a response like this, well not on this scale anyway. I just love to see an erect clit protruding from engorged labia and knowing that it was all down to my tongue. I hear a whisper in the distance. She is talking to her partner in some Scandinavian language and I don't understand a word. He leaves his ministrations and turns to me. "Do you have a condom? You're the one, she wants to fuck". "Yes" I reply and pull one from my wrist band but I'm only semi erect. She's been getting all the attention and all I have is the squirming of a sexy woman to excite me but it works, I slip one on and look forward to the delights to follow. 

His head has gone and I hear the familiar sound of a condom packet being opened, he has obviously accepted our offer.

I move my cock towards her waiting lips, push gently into her eager cunt and am surprised how easily it slips in. She's so wet. Oh this is divine, it's like the wettest blow job but with that added extra sensation. I feel my excitement growing quickly but I'm wearing a condom so this shouldn't be happening. I should be desensitised. 

Seconds later I feel the tip of his cock at the entrance to my cunt. He pushes in easily and deep til I feel his balls touch my bum. Oh cock at last, I haven't had cock for a while, it's such a gorgeous sensation being penetrated again. I let out a little gasp as he starts his thrusting. He is a slow deep thruster not like a crappy porn star at all, long, slow, deep penetrating thrusts so I open as wide as I can to welcome him.

She lifts her legs and spreads herself wide and groans. I enjoy a few more in and out strokes but start to penetrate a little too deeply and the sensation in the end of my cock is overwhelming. I feel a tingling sensation in my feet and it starts to work its way up my legs. This is happening too fast but there is no stopping my orgasm now. 

The leisurely fucking continues and he feels deeper each time, then right at the bottom, he stops, goes rigid and I feel a familiar sensation as his cock twitches deep inside. Oh no!

I blow my load into the condom and feel it surge up the sides. I must have filled it well so I withdraw, as convention requires. "'Ave you come?" says the male Scandinavian accent and I admit that I have. I know his lady must be disappointed by my abbreviated performance so I go back to work with my tongue.

After all that he is going to leave me hanging on the edge. Fuck damn bugger blast. Then I feel his breath on my cunt again, oh joy.

Much less finesse required now. I insert my two middle fingers, palm uppermost and curl them towards the rough patch at the front to stimulate her g spot. With firm vigorous movements I finger fuck her while sucking her engorged clit. The effect is electric. 

Oh shit this is good, his fingers are working some sort of magic deep inside me and I feel my orgasm building only it is much stronger than usual and suddenly I can't stay quiet or still. Then it happens, like a tidal wave, my muscles spasm and I squirt! I never squirt! Well I do now.

She gets noisy and starts thrashing about then her legs tense, she lifts her bum right off the bench, arches her back and starts to squirt. I quickly remove my fingers and rub her whole vulva vigorously. Her orgasm is obvious from the noise and the squirting, then she flops back down on the bench with a long satisfied groan. I retire to the envious glances of the blokes who never got the chance. Now that was a real toe curler.

2008