 It was 03:00 AM in the swingers club. Carla and Matthew have been here before and liked every aspect of it. They like the jacuzzi the best, because naked people are just sitting here and enjoying the warm water and sometimes play with each other. The best part is that you cannot see what is happening under the water, but you can guess by looking at the faces. A man sits on the edge of the pool while his wife gives him a blow job. On the other side a woman sits on her husband while she is getting fucked in the water. The swingers club gives Carla and Matthew a certain feeling of freedom. They like to watch other people fuck and love being watched while they fuck as well. This was their sixth visit and in the past they have tried every room: the orgy room, private room, outside, (bd)sm room, the maximum-four-people room. But never the dark room. Matthew has no problem with it, but Carla is a bit afraid. 

Not of the dark, but more of the things that happen inside.

"Come on, can we at least try it? We did everything else already, except for this!", he continued, "Tell you what. We go in and check it out on the side and we stay there. If you don't like it you just tell me and we leave, okay?"

"Okay, I guess we can do that," she said anxiously.

They went through the curtain and there was some light, but they had to go through another curtain. Carla couldn't see behind the second curtain and it made her heart pound with each step getting closer to the second curtain. After moving the second curtain aside they went through and there was total darkness. Carla couldn't even see her own hands anymore.

Carla and Matthew walked further into the room and they start to hear all these different sounds. Sounds from moaning to bodies slamming into each other, people doing all kinds of stuff. They move a bit closer while touching the wall. All of a sudden Matthew feels an arm and he stops. He turns his back against the wall and puts Carla, with her back against him, in front of him. It was kind of presenting her to others, while nobody could see her standing there.

"Are you okay?" he whispered in her ear.

"Yeah, a bit dark though"

While being in the dark she felt Matthew standing behind her. He was touching her breasts with both hands. All around her were the sounds of people moaning, bodies slamming into each other and wet pussies being rubbed. Although she couldn't see it, it really turned her on and her pussy was getting wetter and wetter. Everything in total darkness. She noticed she was more comfortable then she thought she would be. She started to moan too. Partly because Matthew was rubbing and squeezing her tits the way she likes it, but also because of the surroundings. She knew there was a couple standing on her left side and she saw people coming in when the second curtain moved aside, but she couldn't see where those people went. Maybe on their right side?

Matthew lifted her top so her breasts were out in the open and he started to squeeze and pinch her nipples, which are getting really hard. Al of a sudden she feels a third hand stroking her arm. At first she is a bit scared and her heart is pounding louder than before. But she lets it go for now. The hand is going up her neck and slides to her right breast, where Matthew is playing as well. But he gets out of the way to make room for the hand of the stranger. Carla loves the idea that someone else is touching her boobs and she touches the hand that is feeling her up. It feels like a womans hand! Carla moves her hand up, following the arm and at the shoulders she goes down. She feels a very large breast! It is so soft and big. Carla wraps her hand around it and starts fondling with it. She listens to the sounds of a woman starting to breath heavier. After a while Carla feels a fourth hand, but this time it's not the woman, but a big manly hand. He is reaching for her untouched pussy and starts to finger her. 

Carla opens her legs more so he has better access to her pussy and could enter her. 

Matthew is still behind her, but he is playing with the wife on their right side. He is touching her ass while she uses her free hand to play with his swollen cock. Carla hears by his sounds that he likes it. She feels around in the dark and finds a big dick on her left side and she touches it. It is very big. While she wraps her hand around it she feels a face in front of the cock. It is a woman and she is putting the big cock in her mouth. At least, that is how it feels to Carla. She decides to give him a hand job while the other woman gives him a blow job.

So, here she was. In a darkroom. Her breast are being touched by a woman, her pussy is getting fingered by a strange man, she is giving a hand job to another stranger while he gets a blow job from another woman. Matthew is still playing with the first woman's ass and pussy while she jerks him off behind Carla.

Carla is so horny and confused. She never knew she was into this. She enjoys every moment being touched or touching strangers. There is no judgment on looks, age or sexual orientation here. Just very good sex!

... To be continued