 Several readers of 'Fantasy Sex Cruise' have asked me to write about the effect of Ed and Linda's cruises on their marriage and their lives. If you haven't read the series then you probably won't get as much out of this follow-up. The characters in this story were all introduced in the above-mentioned series and are portrayed to be eighteen years of age or older. 

*****

The spa hotel where we were staying was very nice and it had a great restaurant so we made a reservation for dinner and spent the rest of the day playing with each other in the bed and in the hot tub. I got to know Jesus, Barbara's guide dog, better when she and I took him for a walk. He was really a wonderful companion for her. It was easy to understand why Linda had fallen in love with Barbara. She had an innocence about her that even a dog could perceive. Maybe it was her blindness that caused her pure spirit to shine so brightly, or maybe it was all the sex and love she had been getting. I had only been with her for a few hours and I was already in love with her.

Dinner was excellent; as good or better than the food on the ship. I let Barbara sleep in the middle of the bed between us and it felt strange not to have Kealani and Lauren beside me but when I snuggled up behind Barbara's beautiful naked body while she was lying on her side, wrapped in Linda's arms; the warmth of her soft cushiony ass made my cock begin to swell. She felt it press against her crack and raised her leg to trap my stiffening organ between her cheeks.

It didn't take long before my cock was hard as steel and I began to slide it back and forth against her slit. I could feel the juice leaking from her vagina begin to coat the shaft.

"Ohhhh Linda, Ed's cock feels so good. I want him inside me. Would you please put your hand on his cock and guide the head into my pussy?"

Barbara raised her leg again and I felt Linda's hand move between her legs and her fingers wrap around my hard shaft.

"You don't mind if I stroke it a little before I put it inside you do you?"

"No, I don't mind. Your fingers feel good sliding against my slit. Get him nice and ready for me Linda."

Linda's fingers did feel good stroking my cock. I couldn't remember the last time she did that for me. Each stroke smeared more of Barbara's juices and my precum all over my shaft.

"Are you ready Barbara?"

"Ohhhh God Yes Linda. Do it. Do it now. Let me feel him slide into my little pink pussy. Go slow so I can feel him stretch me open."

Linda pressed the tip of my cock against the tight opening of Barbara's vagina and I pushed forward very slowly as the head slid into the warm confines of her wet channel. Linda's hand slid down to the base of my shaft then gently pulled a little bit more of my cock into Barbara.

"Go as slow as you can Ed. I did this on the ship with Mark and Ashley. I spent about fifteen minutes moving Mark's cock as slowly as I could into Ashley's pussy and she said it was the best sex she'd ever had... Up until then." 

All the while my cock was creeping into Barbara's vagina, Linda continued her loving hand job. With each down stroke she reached lower and encircled my balls with her fingers. She massaged them with our combined juices and lightly squeezed my oval organs then released them and slid her hand back up the shaft until her fingers contacted the lips of Barbara's soppy pussy. Linda had apparently learned a lot on her cruise. Bradley must have been a good teacher. Finally my cock was completely inside Barbara's throbbing pussy. I stopped moving and just felt the delicious sensations of her vagina squeezing me with little pulses. My cock throbbed back in unison with her contractions.

Linda moved back and then slid up a little until her breasts were even with Barbara's mouth. "Suck my tits Barbara. Nurse me as though I was your mother. Let my love flow into your mouth as if it were milk. Ohhhh Barbara Yesssss just like that my loving child."

The sounds Barbara made as she suckled Linda's breast combined with what I was feeling were building me up toward orgasm at an increasing pace. Barbara's soft warm ass felt wonderful against my hips and lower stomach as my cock flexed rhythmically inside her hot juicy vagina.

"Put your hand between my legs and feel my pussy. Feel how wet you've made me. Slide your fingers through my slit and push them inside me. Ohhhh God Barbara YESSSS! Use your thumb to play with my clit baby. Make mommy cum!"

I began to slide in and out of Barbara's pussy using long slow strokes. She began to moan but never removed her mouth from Linda's breast. I picked up the pace a little and the moans became louder and deeper as her hips began to undulate to match my strokes. We were all close to climax as the lovemaking reached a crescendo. My cock swelled and I buried it deep inside her. She squeezed me tightly with her pussy and my eruption began. Strong, forceful spurts of hot cum splashed against her cervix as she began to tremble. I reached over her and cupped her breast in my hand and gently squeezed it as her orgasm roared through her.

"OHHHH GODDD YESSS Barbara, FUCK ME. I'm cumming all over your fingers."

I had never known Linda to be so vocal in her orgasms before but I had to admit I liked hearing her announce the tidal wave that was engulfing her. I have no idea how many times my prostate pumped cum into Barbara's pussy but finally I stopped and slowly extracted my cock then rolled over on my back. Linda scooted down the bed and pried Barbara's legs open then got between them and moved her mouth to cover her slit. I watched as my wife sucked my cum out of the young woman I had just fucked. Before she had extracted my copious discharge completely, Barbara had another orgasm that was as intense as any I had ever seen including those of Kealani. Her back arched up off the bed and her whole body seized in spasm as Linda continued sucking her. I was stupefied by the sight of both of them being so lost in sexual pleasure.

When Barbara eventually stopped cumming and Linda was satisfied there was no more of my cum remaining in Barbara's vagina, I said, "Do you two have any idea how beautiful you are together?"

Linda answered me. "Yes we do. These pills make it very easy to orgasm and each one keeps getting better. That's why I bought a thousand shares of the company's stock. This is true magic, the ultimate aphrodisiac. The more sex you have the more you want and the more you are capable of experiencing. They help you stop thinking about sex and just enjoy it."

"Well you've made a believer out of me. Do you think you could calm down enough for us to get some sleep? I'd like to pick this up in the morning but right now I'm ready for a little sleep.

I was amazed by the realization that I felt the same way sleeping with Linda and Barbara as I did sleeping with Kealani and Lauren. Somehow we had all gotten to the same place in our hearts and the love was no different. We ordered room service for breakfast and it was delightful. I guess Linda and Barbara had worked up quite an appetite yesterday and woke up hungry. Breakfast wasn't all they were hungry for though.

We played in the hot tub for half an hour and I watched the two of them masturbate to orgasm twice while they sat on the side of the tub, their legs spread wide, their fingers deftly manipulating their pussies, so lost in sexual pleasure they were oblivious to my presence. Watching my fifty-year-old wife masturbating with a young blind woman in her early twenties is something I would never have anticipated happening in my lifetime yet here it was. I had never seen anything as erotically beautiful as when they climaxed, practically simultaneously. It was a lesson in female sexuality I would remember for the rest of my life. I had to stop them or they would have kept on doing it and we needed to take Jesus for his morning walk.

When we returned we asked the desk clerk when checkout time was. He told us usually it was eleven but since nobody was booked in the suite we were in we could stay until one. Since we had never spent any time in Daytona Beach before, we decided to go for a long walk on the beach.

The girls went in the bathroom to put their suits on and Barbara was the first to come out. "Ed would you please help me put on some sunscreen?" What a silly question. She looked so damn sexy in that little bikini she was wearing that I would have spent an hour covering her exposed skin with lotion. "Linda bought me this bikini on the cruise because I hadn't brought one with me. "Do you like it?"

"I love it Barbara. Linda has always had good taste in clothes and she really picked a suit that reveals your beautiful body perfectly." I began to rub the sunscreen on her shoulders and slowly worked my way down her neck and chest to her flat tummy. Then I did the front of her legs and the tops of her feet. I then turned her around and worked my way down from her neck to the back of her ankles paying particular attention to her ass cheeks which were almost completely exposed by the thong bottom of her bikini.

I was almost finished when Linda came out of the bathroom. "Can I get a sunscreen treatment too?" I was stunned by how beautiful she looked and shocked to think that she would be seen in public in the tiny garment that could barely be called a swimsuit. 

"Where did you get that suit and are you really going to wear something that revealing on a public beach?"

"Ashley and I bought these on the ship. We bought another one in Puerto Rico that's even more revealing. Do you want me to put on the other one?" 

"You're probably already in violation of public decency laws so let's stay with that one." She turned around to let me see that her entire back was basically naked including her ass. All I could see was the little string running between her butt cheeks up to her neck. "By the way, you look fabulous. Your new haircut and your makeup and your body that's almost in that suit make me wonder if you had cosmetic surgery while you were on that cruise."

"Thank you darling. The changes were not all on the outside you know. We'll talk about that while we're walking. Now slather my beautiful body with sunscreen and let's get going."

I took my time rubbing the lotion on her as I had done with Barbara until I reached her ass. Before I covered those soft cheeks with lotion I held her hips with my hands and planted kisses all over her ass. "I'm going to have a hard time watching you walk if you're ahead of me. Your ass is much sexier than I remember it being before."

"You'd better hurry up and finish. You're making me wet. That's something else that happened on this trip; my pussy gets wetter than it ever did before. And it doesn't take much to get it going."

I reached between her legs and snuck a finger under the little piece of material that was doing a really poor job of covering her lips. She wasn't kidding about the wetness. I ran my finger through her labia and she covered it in her juice, then stuck it in my mouth and sucked it dry. "Are you sure you want to go for this walk?"

"Yes, but when we get back here you can spend as much time licking my slit as you want. I'm glad you like it so much because I've grown very fond of having it licked. I've also become practically addicted to sucking cock in case you're interested."

"I really appreciate that you had your pubic hair removed. I have a new found appreciation of just how beautiful your pussy is without all that hair."

"I never knew you wanted me to until I heard you tell Kealani that you wanted her hairless for your trip. I did it just for you but I have to admit as soon as I had it done my entire crotch felt so much more sensitive and it looked so sexy that I immediately decided to keep it this way. I think you should do the same since Kealani already got you started."

I finished putting the sunscreen on and we headed for the beach. We took Jesus with us so he and Barbara could play in the water together. He seemed to enjoy that a lot. Linda did bring a cover up just in case there were any small children on the beach but the material was so transparent that it didn't hide much of her body. This was something else I was surprised about. I had no idea she would ever be such an exhibitionist. The only bathing suit she had that I know of was a one piece that covered her completely except for her shoulders and legs. She seemed to be as comfortable with all of her body showing as a stripper in a titty bar. As it turned out there weren't many people on the beach and they were all adults so she never put on the cover up.

"So tell me about your experience Ed."

"Don't you want to wait until we get back home so we can look at pictures?"

"We'll do that but I want to hear about how it affected you. What discoveries you made and how you feel differently now about things."

"Well the first thing I want to tell you is that despite falling in love with Kealani I still love you every bit as much as I did. Actually a little more than I did for shaking up our lives by suggesting we do this. We both needed this. We allowed our sexuality to stagnate and become routine. We settled for old ideas about what sex should be in a marriage and this trip showed me that there is a whole new dimension of sex that we can explore and still be committed to our marriage and our life together. We were living sexually at the minimum and now I know we can have incredible sex if we want to. And I want to."

"I'm so glad to hear you say that Ed. I want that too. I don't mean we should hop in bed with everybody we meet, but the people I met on my cruise are more than just convenient friends with benefits. I fell in love with Ashley and Mark and Gina and especially Barbara. They're more than just sex partners to me; they're a new form of family. When something happens to you and you're not there anymore I'll have people I love that I can turn to for real friendship and support and that means a lot to me. It seems like you feel that way about the people you were with too."

"Yes I do. I wasn't sure it was possible to love more than one person at the same time but I discovered I could. Loving multiple people doesn't take anything away from any of them. On the contrary, it augments your love. It's not a zero sum relationship, it's additive. The more love you make the more love you get back in return.

As far as Kealani is concerned, it's virtually impossible to be with her for more than a day and not fall in love with her. It doesn't matter if you're male or female. She's just magnetically attractive like she has a gravitational field around her. She is the most sincerely authentic human being I've ever met. I'm not surprised that I fell in love with her, you will too when we get together with her, I'm sure of that now but what really surprised me was that she fell in love with me. I'm still trying to figure out why."

"Don't sell yourself short Ed. You are the kindest, nicest man I've ever met and your genuine concern for me and our daughters over the years has been the greatest thing I could ever have wished for. Women are attracted to that. Security and honesty and kindness are highly valued by females and you embody those characteristics more than anybody I've ever met. As far as falling in love with Kealani, I think I've already begun to do that. You remember when I told you that if you didn't pick her to go with you then I would? I meant that."

"She will be so relieved and happy to hear that. She was quite concerned that she had done something that was going to wreck our marriage and it would have hurt her very badly if you weren't OK with our being in love. She is very sensitive, perceptive and compassionate and you can't lie to her. If you do she will know it before you get the words out of your mouth. The great thing is, you never feel like you have to lie to her. She can accept and deal with anything you tell her.

The way she took on Lauren as practically a patient that she nursed back to health was incredible. Lauren hated us when she first met us and Kealani turned her into our lover. It wasn't because we needed to do it. It was purely to help Lauren. She was a lost child, completely devastated by her divorce and her cheating husband. Now she's happy and confident and enjoys sex like she never did before. I can't wait for you to meet her."

"I know just how Kealani felt about Lauren because it was the same way I felt about Barbara. She was in a bad situation with her ex-boyfriend and her mother. She was desperate to get the job on the ship and the first time we saw her in the cabaret she was sad and it reflected in her performance. It was Jesus that got us together. That dog is a better living creature than most humans I've met. I knew as soon as I talked with her that I could do something for her and I wasn't going to pass up the opportunity to help her find a way out of her misery. She responded and trusted me and became my daughter. I love her every bit as much as I do Charlotte and Jessica. I wish you could have seen her last show and how she reacted when Chris Botti asked her to go on tour with him. I've never felt as good about anything else I've ever done than helping her."

"So it seems like I've got two Mother Theresas that love me. You both have that natural motherly instinct to help those in need for no other reason than you can. It's the quality I admire the most about each of you. I don't know how I got so lucky to have had you in my life for so long. You've saved me too in case you didn't know it. If not for you I would have had to settle for someone else that lacked your qualities and I would have led a much unhappier life. Thank you my love. I'd marry you again in a heartbeat."

She moved toward me and hugged me. "It's been my great pleasure to have you in my life too. I don't want to brag but we make an ideal couple and I enjoy continuing to learn new things and grow old with you. So how do you feel now about all the things you did on your cruise?"

"I feel more alive sexually. I wasn't aware that I have been underperforming and not realizing my full potential for much of my adult life. The freedom you gave me to have this fantasy was exhilarating. I was like a kid in a candy store. I was able to drop all my inhibitions and do things I'd never even dreamed I could do. I've had more wonderful sex in the last week than I've had in the last six months and that's not the fault of either one of us. Kealani helped me to really understand that sex is a natural way to express love and friendship with others. Having only one sex partner your whole life is like only drinking one kind of wine or eating one kind of food. It drains the joy out of your life because you get bored by routine. Anybody who denies this is not being really honest with themself.

Variety truly is the spice of life and we're only alive such a short time that cheating yourself out of meeting and loving new people limits your opportunities to grow and learn from new experiences. I don't feel the least bit jealous of what you did on your cruise. What you've learned will enrich my life too. I really believe this has resurrected our sex life and brought a new vitality to it. We spent far too much time putting unnecessary limits on ourselves. I think this was because of the way we were raised to believe in the fairy tale of one prince charming and happily ever after. Somewhere deep in our subconscious there was this irrefutable edict that we should only have sex with each other. This trip allowed me to find that place and shine light on it and see that it's just not reality."

"That's exactly what Bradley helped me to see right from the beginning. I had no idea that I had this unacknowledged prohibition against masturbation. I don't know where I got it but I quit doing it when I was a teenager. He had me do it as soon as we got to the room before the lifeboat drill. He made me go out on the balcony, get naked and sit in one of the deck chairs. Then he told me a sexy story and ordered me to masturbate until I had an orgasm. It took a while but when I had done it I had this epiphany about it and I realized that I'm an adult woman who has every right to make myself feel good whenever I want to. Now it seems as natural to me as breathing.
