 Writer's Note: This is a story for adults over eighteen years of age about adults over eighteen years of age. While the story line is true the dialog has been compressed for the sake of time and space. Safe sex was not an issue in the early seventies but should be a concern for everyone today. 

*

It had been a week since I had purchased a new sports jacket and slacks from a trendy men's store in downtown Tampa to wear to an upcoming charity event. I listened to my answering machine play the message telling me my alterations had been completed and I could pick up my outfit at my convenience; I replayed the message just to hear the voice of the sexy woman who had been so helpful in picking out and fitting my new outfit, especially the slacks.

As I listened to the message I could almost feel her hands as they moved deftly over me and up the inside of my legs to ensure there was just the right amount of room for my equipment to dress properly; enough room but not too much room. I recalled the sight of her slightly open, stocking, encased legs as she sat on a very short stool to pin the proper length.

The very helpful, attractive woman's name was Judy; she was the store owner, possibly in her early forties which made her about twenty years my senior. The diamond ring and gold band on her finger suggested she was married. Her stylish, short, black, curly hair, brown eyes, and pretty smile could easily steal the attention of any guy who had an appreciation for mature, sexy women; a guy like me. 

The fact that she was also having her period in no way deterred me from suggesting that we should get together and the fact that she was very horny during her period and her philandering husband didn't have the stomach for seeing a little of her blood on his dick played a big part in her accepting my suggestion.

Hopefully you have already read my earlier post, The Curse. It caused quite a stir among readers not experienced in enjoying a woman's delight and needs during "those times of the month."

I was heartbroken on Saturday morning when I stopped by the store to pick up my new outfit and was told Judy was out of town on a buying trip. I left her a short but, seemingly professional, note thanking her for the excellent "customer service" she had given me; I had no doubt that my note would stir her memory of the wonderful night of fucking we had enjoyed during "that" time of the month. 

I looked dapper in my new duds when I arrived at the hotel for the charity event. In the main ball room the lights were dim, a swing band was playing hits from the fifties, there were dozens of small tables arranged around the dance floor, and several bars had been set up to serve drinks; most of all there were lots of women of all ages with which to dance. 

Later in the evening I had just finished a slow dance with an attractive, mature woman then escorted her to one of the bars to get a drink when there was a tap on my shoulder and a familiar voice said, 

"Good evening Will." 

I turned around to see Judy standing there with an older, heavy set, Latino man; she looked ravishing in a black, sheath dress with a low cut neck giving a hint of the more than ample breasts I had so thoroughly enjoyed just a few weeks before. 

"I would like to introduce my husband, Raul."

We shook hands but Raul didn't really seem interested in being friendly; he very curtly commented to Judy that he had seen someone he needed to speak with then he walked away.

When he was a short distance from us Judy grabbed my arm, "Please forgive me but I wanted to see that son-of-a-bitch have to shake hands with the man who had bedded me so skillfully during my curse." She almost trembled with excitement, "It was truly empowering."

I smiled at her, "Then let's dance so he can see how well we move together." 

We moved to the center of the floor where it was crowded; I skipped the formal dance stance and wrapped my arms around her waist and pulled her against me.

"I got your note when I got back in town; that was so sweet. I have often thought about our night together; It seems I can't even take a shower without thinking about your soapy hands all over my body and how wonderful you felt when you slipped into my...uh, back entrance."

"Then we need to try that again. I tried to get a room here for tonight but the hotel is booked solid; I'm sure we can find another place close by if you would like to slip away."

"I have a friend who called early and reserved a room; I'm sure she would be happy to share it with us."

"Humm that sounds like fun, a threesome." I added with a smile.

Judy chuckled, "That wasn't exactly what I meant but knowing Nina she wouldn't mind that either; she told me about taking part in an orgy when she was in Paris last year."

I guided my hands over her lovely hips and ass as we moved over the floor; my hands felt the partial outline of the garter belt and French cut panties she was wearing.

"I can feel you getting hard." She commented as she pressed her pelvis against me, "I think it needs more room so it can stand up."

"Then slip your hand inside and help it stand up."

She quickly looked around and saw that no one was paying attention to us; she lowered her hand, opened my zipper, and slipped her hand into the fly of my boxers. Her warm hand quickly maneuvered my erect cock into a straight up position then paused a moment to give it a few loving squeezes before her hand exited the front of my slacks; another quick movement restored my zipper to its original position.

Judy leaned her head against my chest just in time to see a woman dancing beside us smile and wink at her.

I cupped her ass with both hands and pull her tight against me; her chest heaved to take in more air as she pressed my trapped cock between us.

After several dances that were closer to vertical fucking than dancing we got fresh drinks and moved out to the mezzanine where people milled about greeting one another. We tried to be less conspicuous in our intentions to slip away just in case Judy's husband appeared on the scene.

"I see Nina over there; I should tell you that I bragged to her about our night together. We always share the misery and excitement going on in our lives. She is very out spoken so there's no telling what she might say when you meet."

As we cut through the crowd toward her friend I asked, "So by saying you bragged to her does that indicate you were pleased with our night together?"

"Oh it means I was way more than pleased; I may have even used the term, 'the best fuck ever' when I told her about you." 

"Judy Darling! How are you?" They did that kissy cheek thing that women do.

Nina was a tall, distinguished looking woman with short, cropped, silver-gray hair; her hair suggested she might be older but, her slender, tan body suggested otherwise, everything about her exuded old money. The fabric of her red, sheath dress flowed over her body like a glove and gave no indication there were any garments underneath. 

"Nina, this is my friend Will." Judy announced.

"You mean the young man who came to your aid when you hoisted the red flag?"

Judy and I both broke into a hardy laugh, "I told you there was no telling what she would say." Judy said through her laughter.

Nina hugged me and gave me a quick kiss, "Thank you for taking such good care of my dearest friend."

She turned to Judy and whispered, "I do have a room for tonight if you want to slip away for a bit."

"Thank you Darling, we were hoping you would say that; Will even suggested that you join us."

"Oh, I do like the way you think Will. Judy and I have shared a lot over the years but not the same man." She paused then added with a laugh, "Well at least not at the same time."

A tall distinguished gentleman approached, spoke fondly to both women and used his guise of a flirting kiss to fondle each one then asked Judy to dance; she excused herself and moved to the ball room with him.

Nina grabbed my hand, "Come on Will let's use this time to do a little bumping and grinding ourselves."

On the dance floor we melted against each other like butter on toast; my hands quickly verified she wasn't wearing anything beneath her dress nor was she shy about my verifying it. By the time the dance ended my cock was again straining to stand up.

Nina looked down, "Did I cause that Darlin?"

Before I could even answer her hand slipped beneath my waist band and into my boxers; for the second time that night a warm, feminine hand was in my slacks adjusting my engorged cock.

"There, is that better?" she asked as she took my face in both hands and kissed my cheek.

I smiled, "It could not have been in better hands."

Judy and her dance partner found us; he kissed both women on the cheek then turned and left. It was obvious the three had had some history together; I had no doubt they would tell me if the subject came up. We moved to one of the tables and ordered drinks and Judy and Nina quickly began to catch up on events going on in their lives; I just sat and watched the two beautiful, mature women chatter.

They didn't ignore me either; from time to time one or the other would stop and explain something about their topic. I learned that one connection between the two beautiful, mature women was the fact that they were both stuck in bad marriages and were working in concert to bring about a favorable dissolution to each, i.e. protect their financial security.

Finally, Judy asked, "Are you going to tell me about your wax job?"

"Darlin you just wouldn't believe it. I went to a spa near South Beach when I was in Miami and told a young lady there that I wanted a bikini wax. She took me into a room, told me to remove my panties, and sit on the table; you know, one of those like a gynecologist uses." 

"After several minutes in walked an older, gray haired man with a heavy Portuguese accent; I thought, what in the world have I gotten myself into. He had me to lie back on the table then he lifted my dress and opened my legs." She looked at me and smiled. "He studied my beautiful muffin for several minutes then took a pair of barber shears and practically scalped my lovely pubes."

By this time I had a very noticeable erection just thinking about Nina sitting spread eagle while some old guy sheared her pussy bare; Judy was quick to notice my condition and discretely rubbed her hand over my bulge.

"Then the old man began spreading thick, hot, wax along one side of my vulva; right up to the pink." obviously referring to her labia.

Judy commented, "Oh my god; did it hurt? What about your ring?"

She looked at me to explain, "She has a gold clit ring."

In 1968 and at the age of twenty-five I had no idea what a clit ring was but I could imagine her clit and that caused considerably more turmoil in my slacks.

"Well it was certainly uncomfortable but the worst was yet to come. Once it cooled he pulled an edge back then ripped the whole strip of wax off which pulled a thousand short pubic hairs out by the roots; I was ready to choke the son-of-a-bitch."

I injected, "I hate that Judy and I couldn't have been there to kiss it for you."

She laughed and made eye contact with both of us, "That would have been nice."

"Then he repeated the process on the other side then across the top. And. just when I thought it was over, he had me to get on my knees and spread my cheeks so he could snatch my ass bald."

"The only good part was that afterwards he rubbed a soothing lotion over my completely bare pubes." She said with a very coy smile.

We all laughed at her description of the event but the image of the attractive, classy, mature woman on her knees with her ass in the air was already burned in my mind. Judy again moved her hand over the bulge in the new slacks her hands had so skillfully fitted just a few weeks before; Nina noticed and smiled.

Judy told Nina, "I cannot believe you gave up your beautiful, heart shaped muff; you always took so much pride in it. You will just have to show us your new look."

I was certain Judy didn't mean right then and there but Nina looked around her at the people milling about; she adjusted her chair closer to the table then lifted the hem of her dress and opened her legs. The dim lights in the room did not allow for a detailed view but it was clear to see her completely bare, puffy vulva parted by exposed pink labia; near the top of her slit hung a nickel sized, gold ring.

She quickly adjusted her dress; a low, "Wow!" escaped my lips as I exhaled. "That was beautiful!"

Judy added, "Yes, it was. I'm jealous; I may have to have mine done now."

Nina replied, "It feels so sexy that I seem to stay horny all the time."

"Darlin, you have always been horny all the time." Judy said as they both shared a laugh.

"Speaking of which, were you serious about me joining you this evening or were you just being polite?"

I quickly chimed in, "I was serious as long if Judy is up for it."

"It would certainly be a new experience for me." Judy added with a slight blush.

"George will probably be here about twelve; I think he has to have his little, tight-assed girlfriend home by then."

Judy explained, "George is Nina's protégé; he plays football at South Florida." 

Nina proudly added, "I have trained him since he was...well, since before he knew much about football; now I get to reap the benefits."

I asked, "So are you going to share him with Judy?"

"Of course I'll share with my dearest friend." Nina smiled at Judy then added, "She is nice enough to share with me."

Nina leaned close and kissed Judy on the forehead.

As soon as the elevator door closed and began its ascent the three of us began a little playful patting and touching; even Judy quickly over came her lack of experience and joined in rubbing her hands and body against Nina and me. Nina decided Judy should shed her panties and joined me in lifting Judy's dress and lowering her lavender bikini panties over her full, round ass and down her shapely legs.

Just as Judy was stepping out of her panties the elevator came to a stop and the door opened; Nina stood and quickly stuffed the lavender panties in the breast pocket of my jacket and adjusted them like a handkerchief. Nina smiled at the older couple waiting for us to exit the car.

Once in the room Nina unfastened the top of her dress; as it slid down her lithe body she smiled and made several turns like a model on the runway. Judy smiled at her "dearest friend" who stood completely nude in the middle of the room. She seemed proud to display her B cup breasts with quarter sized, pink nipples and completely bare "muffin" for us. The only adornment on the tall slender body was the gold ring hanging from the sheath covering her small pearl and a matching pair of ear rings.

"Let's get you out of this." Nina said to Judy as she lowered the zipper on her black, sheath dress.

I sat on the foot of the bed removing my shirt, socks, and shoes as both women hung up their dresses. Judy removed her bra and hung it on the back of a chair. She was absolutely beautiful in only her stockings and garter belt; her thick patch of pubic hair neatly trimmed in a perfect triangle. Gravity gave her C cup breasts a gentle nudge causing their bottoms to appear rounder and her half-dollar sized, brown nipples to have a slight upward angle.

"Did you see what an excellent job I did in trimming Judy's muffin so it doesn't show when she wears her bikini." Nina asked.

"It looks absolutely beautiful trimmed; of course it looked beautiful untrimmed too." I chuckled, "I guess I just like her muffin period."

I stood up and slid my slacks and boxers to the floor; Judy picked up my clothes and returned to the closet to hang them up leaving me standing there with my turgid cock waving at Nina; Nina smiled.

I sat down on the bed to get a closer look at Nina's new "art work" in the light. She lifted one foot on to the bed beside me; her bare cunt just inches from my face. I could clearly see that the gold ring was attached through a small hole in the membrane beneath all the wiring in the sheath going to her clit. The outer ring covered her clit and would have to be lifted for a tongue to have access to the small pearl.

"I believe you said something earlier about hating you weren't present to kiss my muffin when I was in such pain." Nina said.

Judy watched as I leaned forward and kissed her bare, puffy vulva and fully exposed, pink labia then flicked the ring with my tongue.

"Actually I believe I said I hated that Judy and I both weren't there to kiss it for you."

Judy blushed and sat down beside me saying, "I've never done anything like that but, you did such a wonderful job on my bikini trim I hate to not show my appreciation."

You could tell Judy was trying hard to work up the courage to kiss her "dearest friend's" pussy just inches in front of her. Finally, she cleared her throat, fanned herself with her hand then leaned forward and gave the beautiful, bare pussy a quick kiss.

"Here try this." I told her as I flicked the ring several more times with my tongue.

Judy looked at me then turned to flick the ring several times with her tongue. Nina took my face in her hands and gave me a delightfully delicious kiss then did the same to Judy. After the kiss Nina gently pushed Judy back on the bed.

"Let me show you what I was thinking about while I was trimming your bikini line."

Nina opened Judy's legs slightly then with the edge of her hands opened the hair covered vulva and kissed the exposed pink lips glistening with the clear nectar of an aroused woman. I leaned close on my elbow to watch an obvious expert in the art of cunnilingus.

Judy took a deep breath then moaned softly as her dearest friend kissed and licked her completely exposed genitals. Nina sat up and rubbed her hands over Judy's body.

"That was just a taste of what I have in store for you this evening; right now we have something more urgent that needs our attention." Nina said wrapping her hand around my engorged cock. "Something we can both share."

I moved further up on the bed as Judy and Nina moved to where they could show off their oral talents on my proudly standing cock. My legs were opened wide so there was plenty of room for them to access my complete undercarriage. I felt hands moving over my body from my chest to my knees; warm wet lips kissed my shaft, a wet tongue flickered around the head of my cock while my balls were wrapped in a warm wet mouth. I felt teeth nip at my nipples about the same time teeth gently stretched my scrotum downward.

I think it was Nina's voice I heard say, "Let's see if he is really brave."

I immediately felt a finger breech the security of my back door and plow deep enough to touch my prostate gland. I cringed and cried out then I felt a large drop of semen push through my shaft to the opening at the tip of my cock. Judy quickly lapped it up then offered a taste to Nina with her tongue.

Nina did not withdraw her finger from my ass but they did go back to kissing and licking my cock and balls and taking turns bobbing up and down on my shaft.

Nina told Judy, "If I had brought my Polaroid camera I could have taken a picture of you sucking Will's cock to send to Raul after the divorce."

They both laughed.

Judy straddled me in a typical sixty-nine position while Nina remained between my legs; they were able to take turns sucking my cock while I was able to enjoy Judy's delicious, juicy treat. The last time I was able to enjoy my tongue dancing around her rear orifice was during her period and we had to contend with a good amount of blood.

After a little tongue action Judy decided to turn around and sit on my face; she placed her hands on the wall above the headboard and rode my face like there was no tomorrow. Nina quickly got bored sucking my cock and decided to try it on for size; she adjusted her position above me then slid down my shaft until she was balls deep and began slowly rocking her hips. Her mouth had been warm and wet but her cunt was hot and slick with her creamy juices.
