 Hi everyone, this is my first attempt at a story and I would really appreciate any feedback, good or bad to improve my writing. Of course this is a work of fiction loosely based on real events. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did!

Our trip to Europe was to be our first real sexual adventure. Of course we had done a few things back home, but coming from a small town, discretion was always a key word. Tracey really didn't want the whole town knowing that she loved the cock and would do almost everything in her power to get it. 

Now Tracey and I have been married for over 5 years. In that time we have always had an open marriage and have had many adventures with our small group of trusted friends, but on the whole we had lived on the tamer side of the lifestyle. We were desperate for that to change though and both Tracey and I wanted to broaden our experiences a bit more and finally fulfill those fantasies that had kept me hard and her wet on those long winter nights. 

We had been planning our European trip for some time and we'd used the web to check out some of the clubs and what was on offer. The whole approach to sexuality in Europe just seemed so different from what it's like back home. All the websites that we used made the clubs seem so welcoming and relaxed. We finally settled on one in Amsterdam which was our first port of call. From there we decided that we would use local recommendations to plan the rest of our journey as we were sightseeing through the grand cities of the continent. 

The club that we settled on was outside Amsterdam's redlight district in one of the suburbs. It was a private club and we had to email back and forth with its owner Jan quite a few times before we secured the precious invite. That suited us fine, neither of us wanted to be surrounded by drunken idiots in the red light district. We wanted this to be special. 

After arriving in Amsterdam we did the usual tourist things while we waited for Saturday night to arrive. Tracey was as horny as she'd ever been and I must say, I was pretty frisky as well! We could barely keep our hands off each other. Tracey is pretty tall at a shade under 6 foot. She has long brunette hair that reaches down into the small of her back. Her hair perfectly frames her beautiful face and her lovely cock sucking lips. She is most proud of her C cup breasts which have very sensitive nipples. As we arrived in early autumn the air was quite cool and those sensitive nipples were always straining the fabric of her t-shirts. Whenever I could I would brush them with my hand or give those nipples a sneaky tweak. That would just make Tracey even hornier and at more than one occasion we were seen by other tourists or the guides feeling each other up. As exhibitionists at heart, that just drove us on even further. We fucked at every opportunity; though we were both careful not to wear ourselves out before the night at the club. Needless to say, our sexual energy was at its peak!

Finally Saturday night arrived and we made our preparations to leave the hotel. As soon as I saw Tracey in her outfit I was instantly erect. Under a long coat he wore stockings and suspenders complemented by a tight corset that pushed her tits up and out. That was it, no panties and no bra. She was dressed for business and I liked it! She saw the prominent bulge in my trousers and smiled. "That'll have to wait till later Tiger –I'm sure we'll find someone who can help you out!" she laughed with a devilish grin. 

The ride in the taxi was painful. It took all my self control to keep my hands to myself as we drove through the suburbs. The taxi pulled up outside a typical Amsterdam house sitting grandly along a typically beautiful canal and we hopped out. There were no obvious signs but we assumed we must be at the right place. Ringing the doorbell sure confirmed that, as the door was answered by a sexual goddess. 

Our host introduced herself as Pamela and asked for our names and our invitations. As Tracey pulled them out of her pocket I took the opportunity to check her out. The gorgeous blonde was shorter than Tracey but her tits were even bigger, straining under a tight red dress that left nothing to the imagination. She caught me looking and just smiled and invited us inside. Once inside she took our coats and looked us over. She caught her breath as Tracey removed her long coat. She instantly moved towards her and cupped Tracey's breast in her hand. "You obviously don't need the orientation tour as you're more than ready to party". She leaned in and quickly kissed Tracey. Never to miss an opportunity Tracey moved her hands to Pamela's bum and drew her closer, their tongues quickly intertwining. Pamela's hand dropped down and she sent a probing finger deep into Tracey's dripping cunt. "Oh yes, I see you're more than ready" moaned Pamela as she removed her finger and brought it up to her mouth to taste my wife's juices. 

Finally registering that I was there, Pamela turned to me and suggested I might want to get a bit more comfortable in the change room to my right. She mentioned that a towel as a good level of clothing for the evening. I couldn't remove my clothes quickly enough and fairly threw them into our waiting locker. When I emerged I found Tracey waiting for me with Pamela on her knees between her legs slurping noisily at her twat. "I think we chose the right club dear!" Tracey laughed as I moved closer. I removed the towel and released my cock near Pamela's face, she turned, examined my 7 inches and took me into her warm mouth with a quick bobbing motion. Tracey knelt beside her and took my balls into her hand as she watched her new playmate have her way with me. 

It was almost all too much. The buildup to this evening had been exquisite, but I didn't want to come yet, though Pamela's mouth was warm and inviting. Pamela seemed to sense our dilemma and quickly stood, grabbed both our hands and led us to the big red door at the end of the corridor. "Let s join the party and continue this in there" She suggested and gave our hands a quick squeeze.

The red door opened onto a sight of sheer beauty. The large room was full of people in various states of fucking, sucking or resting and watching. My eyes quickly scanned the room and found at least 7 individual groups going at it. I turned to Tracey and her eyes said it all – if there was any doubt before this, it was all washed away – this is the lifestyle for us and we wanted in now. I quickly mouthed an "I love you so much baby" as Pamela led Tracey away to a lounge so they could continue their action in comfort. I watched them almost skip and prance through the intertwined bodies, with hands grasping, fondling and groping as they passed. 

I scanned the room and made eye contact with a lovely red head who was getting pounded by an older gentleman. She was pretty close to coming as she motioned me to come closer. "Give me that cock newbie" She grunted with a thick Dutch accent as the older guy fucked her pussy from behind. I, of course obliged and she took me all in one gulp. She was sensational and treated my prick to one hell of a sucking. It was all I could do not to come as I tried to get my mind off this beautiful creature sucking me warmly into her luscious mouth. It was no good, after about 5 minutes I warned her that I was about to come. That must have set the guy behind her off as he pulled out and sprayed him load all over her back. She didn't remove her mouth and just groaned. I pumped my seed into her throat. She looked up into my eyes and just kept sucking. Eventually she released me and opened her mouth so that I could see my cum floating around her teeth. She then moved her hand to her back, trying to scoop up the cum from her previous fucking. She brought her hand to her mouth and licked her fingers clean swallowing his and my loads together. 

I looked around to see if I could see Tracey but she was gone. Well, I thought to myself, she'll enjoy this night even more as there's nothing she likes better than a good facial! 

The gorgeous redhead stepped up to me and gave me a long passionate kiss. I introduced myself and told her I was new. Her English was excellent as she explained her history at the club. Her name was Dorothy and her cousin Jan was the owner of the club. She tried to visit whenever she was in town from her home city of Maastricht. As we talked she massaged my balls and did her best to get me up and running again. This really didn't take too long at all considering the action that was going on around us. I led Dorothy to a nearby couch sat her down and dived into her waiting snatch. I have always prided myself on being no slouch in the pussy eating arena and Dorothy's moans and bucking hips proved that I hadn't lost my touch. 

Dorothy's pussy was wet and sweet, her clit was quite large and very sensitive to my touch. It wasn't long before she was pulling my head closer into her thighs " I'm commmingg!!" she moaned. To my delight Dorothy was a squirter and my face was soon covered in her warm juices. That was enough for me to get my dick rock hard as Dorothy drew me up close on the lounge. She continued to play with my cock as we talked and surveyed the room. She pointed out her cousin on the far side of the sexual arena. 

I wasn't shocked to find Tracey on the end of his cock while Pamela was underneath her slurping away on her pussy. I caught her eye and she slipped the cock out of her mouth and smiled at me. I could see even from this distance that she had a drying load of cum in her hair and on the right side of her lovely face. She resumed sucking Jan's cock and moved her left hand underneath him to insert her finger up his arse. That is a favorite trick of hers and she knows it can send men over the top. Jan was no different and he arched his back and threw his head back in an obvious orgasm. Tracey released his cock and his cum flew over her shoulder, splattering on her back, into her hair and on her face. She cleaned him up, turned to me and gave me a quick wink. 

I informed Dorothy that Jan was getting acquainted with my wife. She just smiled "Your wife is very sexy, I would love to meet her later, but now I need some more of your cock!" She stood up sat astride my lap. I played with her pussy with my fingers and tickled her bum with my other hand. She must have liked the idea as she turned to me, gave me a passionate kiss and asked if I'd like to fuck her ass. Of course I didn't need a second invitation. Next to each of the lounges and sprinkled liberally between the mattresses covering the floor were baskets full of towels, lube and sex toys. I grabbed some lube, put a bit on my finger and slowly massaged it into Dorothy's waiting ass. The rest I rubbed on the tip of my tool. She sank down onto me with barley a whimper. Her back was to me so that she could continue looking at all the other people shagging around the room. 

In one corner a brunette with small tits was being impaled from behind and in front by two guys with dicks at least eight inches long. The look on her face was one of pure ecstasy. In another corner were three women circled in a very intimate daisy chain, licking each others pussies and oblivious to the crowd around them. Another group contained about 5 people. It was hard to see who was fucking who, but the sounds coming from that group were sign enough that plenty of pleasure was to be had. 

Dorothy had caught the eye of another guy and he sauntered over to introduce himself. "I couldn't help notice that you have a cunt free" he asked with an Irish accent "do you both mind?" Dorothy answered by grabbing onto his 6 inch weapon and pulling him towards us. I just nodded and gave him my best welcoming smile. 

Pretty soon we were all rocking in motion together as he slipped his dick into Dorothy's gasping twat. I've done plenty of DP's in my time as it is a favorite of Tracey's but it always amazes me how good it feels to be fucking someone up the arse while they are getting pounded in their pussy. The thin lining between the vaginal wall and the rectum amplifies the feeling of both cocks rubbing together. I wouldn't take long and I would be coming again. I told Dorothy and she said she'd rather have it in her face. Our Irish friend wasn't far off either so we both pulled out simultaneously. Dorothy knelt between us just as our cum started to fly. Thick globs of the sticky white fluid flew through the air, landing on her nose and into her open mouth. A stream of mine flew up and landed in her red curly hair, a sight that always turns me on. Dorothy leaned forwards, thanking us both for such an awesome load and proceeded to lick our cocks clean. She made no motion to clean the cum from her hair and told me she would leave it their as her trophy. It always made the tram ride to her hotel more interesting she said! 

I left Dorothy with Mick (her new Irish friend) and went off in search of Tracey. It didn't take long. In the middle of the room I could see she was enjoying her very own sexy sandwich. She had one cock up her pussy and a cock of magnificent proportions was about to enter her arse. It was black and at least 10 inches long and also very thick. The guy wielding it was tall and muscular and obviously very proud of his tool. Tracey was sucking on two cocks, but removed both to scream as the monster cock entered her bum. 

Her face was still covered in drying sperm and she looked absolutely beautiful as she stretched to accommodate that cock. I couldn't have been more in love with her than I was at that moment. To think that I was lucky enough to be married to such a woman really rocked my world. 

She saw me looking and gazed into my eyes as a earth shattering orgasm ripped through her body. She bucked, twisted and turned but never released her grip on the four cocks in her possession. After the orgasm faded all four guys withdrew and started to beat off around her in a circle. This simple act drew the attention of the other patrons in the club as they looked to see what the commotion was. All fours guys shot their loads over Tracey and she looked as happy as she'd ever been. The round of applause from the other members of the club was spontaneous and well earned. Tracey was simply pure sexual energy and it was natural to applaud someone in such a state. 

I walked over to her as she lied there literally covered in cum and told her how much I loved her. We went to the showers and cleaned up and then found Jan and Pamela to thank them for such a wonderful experience. They in turn thanked us and made sure that we would visit again before we left Amsterdam. Pamela told us that they had special theme nights and that Wednesday was traditionally their bukkake night. They were about to invite us but Tracey beat them to it "We'll be there!" She said. 

That of course, is another story.