 Our First Foursome

They met them on the Internet. It's was back in 1995 while they were up in Nebraska and he was working a contract job for an engineering firm there in Omaha. He remembered several e-mails back and fourth discussing the lifestyle and then a phone call where they all talked with each other. That conversation was a very sexy conversation as recalled. They had all just clicked with one another!

It was with that phone call that they all agreed to meet at a local dance club the next weekend on a Saturday night. Working the rest of that week was tough with all the fantasies that can be in a persons mind for so many years that are now running through their minds. Without trying to do anything to cause a person to fantasize or create expectations, there is the thought that most couples end up with some kind of expectations of what swinging might be like the first time. They tried to maintain their attention and focus on work tough as it was.

Mornings, afternoons, and evenings passed until the time came to meet them. Anxiety had built in them both throughout the week, as had the fantasies they were dreaming up. They both seemed to be sexually charged and ready for anything that night.

In a matter of a few minutes, John was dressed and ready to go. He went in to check on his wife. He was told not to rush her. She wanted to take her own time. She wanted to look just so! 

He waited on her.

Renee took what seemed like hours dressing. If a person was opening the door to peer into the bedroom to see the progress she had made, a person might first see her standing naked in front of a mirror doing her hair. The next time a person would peer through the doorway, she would have worn a very sexy and short dress, thigh high stockings, and be naked from the waist up. A sleek sexy pair of leather pants and a halter would be on display the next time the door was opened. Then on her beautiful body, the next time a person would pear through the doorway to her room. She just did not seem to be able to make up her mind. It did not matter how long she took to decide. The view was well worth the wait!

It had taken her quite a while to come to a final decision about what she was going to wear that evening. However, the wait had been well worth the wait. 

When she finally came out of the bedroom, she was dressed and sexy as all HELL! Dressed sexy enough so that one might think she was quite a prize. A prize she would be if a man or woman were lucky enough to end up with her at the end of the evening at any kind of swinger event. She was a prize that he would be quite happy to take back with him.

The two of them were in the car and ready for the drive over to the dance club where everyone had agreed to meet, it was impossible for the fantasies not to continue. The aroma of perfume snaked through the small atmosphere of the car. Long sexy legs were on display in the passenger seat. The moment was an erotic sight. 

Navigating the short distance to the club chosen was only a task because neither person had been there before. Nevertheless, once both parties had agreed upon a direction to drive and a path to follow, the drive, to the dance club was straightforward. 

The car now parked in the lot outside the club. He opened his door and got out of the car. He walked around the car to the passenger side of the car and opened the car door, with the car door now open, a very sexy moment and sight. 

She twisted her body in her car seat and swung her right leg out the car door to place her foot onto the pavement. A beautiful shaved pussy was exposed and on display as her skirt rose up high on her thigh. She had not worn any panties. 

She smiled up at her husband and asked, "What are you looking at?" She rose to a standing position and then smoothed her skirt down and looked into his eyes and smiled again. She knew the affect that she had on him and she knew what it was that he was looking at. She seemed to like it.

Walking arm in arm through the parking lot they made there way to the front door of the club. At the entrance, he paid their admission and they walked on in. He wrapped his arm around her waist as they stood there looking over the crowd of people in the club. 

They did not look any different from any of the other couples there. Who would think that a couple like them were there to meet another couple just so they could fuck their spouse later that evening? Yea, who would have thought that it was just an evening out for pure sexual pleasure?

They both found the other couple that they had agreed to meet. The other couple had gotten there earlier in the evening. They had already acquired a table. Recognizing the couple that had just arrived at the club, they stood and waved at them. They motioned for them to come on over to the table.

They had been looking for them too. Standing, they introduced themselves, "I am Steven." He took Renee's hand in his and just held it.

"Hello, I am Steph." She said and took his hand in hers and all shook hands and smiled at each other giggling a little because of the awkwardness of the situation. 

The women were beautiful! Men and women alike there in the club were watching the women. Steph had worn thigh high stockings, a pair of 5-inch heels, a short black skirt, and a very thin opaque white blouse. 

Renee had worn thigh high stockings, a very feminine flowery short dress with a low cut neckline that showed off her cleavage as well as every curve of her body and a pair of 5-inch heels. The on-lookers surely wondered about what they wore under those outfits. 

Each of the men made comments about how ravishing each of the women was. Both women blushed and smiled at both of the men's comments. The women enjoyed the compliments and attention.

Both couples sat down with the women across from their spouse. The women began to chitchat. Something John had trouble with because he could not hear very well. There was a lot of noise from people talking and the music that played for those on the dance floor. He chose to just watch and let the moment develop. 

Steven told Renee she looked like she needed to be ravished. She smiled at him. He motioned to the chairs and suggested we all sit for a while and get to know each other. Overall, it was the beginning of a good time because the atmosphere now charged with the promise of sex later in the evening set the setting for a very interesting evening.

At first glimpse, a person would have thought that the women were ignoring the men, because they immediately engaged in conversation between each other. They like what each other was wearing one told the other, and were did you ever find that at? Their conversation just seemed to go on, and on.

The two men sat quietly and listened as much as possible to the conversation between the two women. They talked about a little of each of their everyday lives. The thing that was interesting was that each of the women was checking each other's spouse out. There was not a jealous bone in either of their bodies it seemed. Both women were fully aware of what the other was doing. 

Each woman would slyly look the others spouse over while the other was talking; each woman view paused momentarily when the line of sight came into contact with the semi erect cocks we were both sporting, It was more than obvious that both women were interested in each of the men that sat at the table with them. 

Renee looked over at her husband, checking for his comfort level. He seemed to be okay she thought to herself. It was at that point that she decided to take it all a step further.

"Well folks here we are at a dance club and I sure would like to dance!" Renee told us all.

Steph looked over to Steven to see if he was going to take Renee up on her statement and offer to dance with her. He shortly looked over at her. Their eyes met, she told him without saying a word that it was fine with her if her husband did not mind. "Go for it!" she said to them.

Without wasting another moment, Steven stood and asked Renee to the dance floor with a gesture. She readily agreed with a broad smile on her face, she stood and walked off to the dance floor through the crowd of people with Stevens hand in the middle of the small of her back guiding her through the crowd. He had leaned in close so that he was able to speak into her ear. 

Her brow raised and she smiled at him and nodded to something he said. Then they disappeared into the crowd on the dance floor.

-------------------------------------------------

Steph said, "Steve really likes to dance." He liked to show off, and thought it was sexy to dance. We both smiled at each other. John asked, "Have you guys been doing this sort of thing for very long". Steph said, "You mean dancing?" and smiled. 

"No." John said, "I mean the lifestyle thing!" 

She laughed and said, "Yes we have been doing it for several years now." Then she told him that was how they had met one another. She told him that all their friends had said that they made such a great couple together, that they should get married so they could swap wives instead of girlfriends and boyfriends, so they did just that. She said that it had worked out just fine.

Steph told John she had been married to another man. They had been in and tried the lifestyle together too. He was cool about it all as long as it was he fucking some other woman. She told John that her X had thought it was great until she started to enjoy herself. Once she started to like fucking other men she had decided that sex was something to enjoy and pleasure was something a person should not deny ones self of. It was then, that he turned into a prejudice bastard. 

----------------------------------------------

The first music they had chosen to enter the dance floor on was a fast one. He leaned close to her ear and told her that she really looked good enough to fuck right there on the dance floor. He liked the smile she gave him in response to his statement. Steven took her hand and led her to a spot on the dance floor where he then turned and began to move to the beat of the music.

Renee could not help but notice how well built he was and how easily he moved to the beat of the music. She enjoyed dancing. He looked like he enjoyed dancing too. She noticed how his shirt tucked into his slacks fit loosely. Then she noticed how his slacks fit him. The bulge that was evident along his right leg was also evident. He must have one hell of a big cock she thought to herself. She could not wait to find out for sure.

The song slowed and the beat of the music led them to a close dance. Steven held her close. She like the way her body felt against his. She also liked the way his cock felt too. It obvious to her that he was very turned on by her. She knew this because she could feel his swollen cock against her belly. Even though slacks covered his cock and there was a barrier of her dress between them. She was still able to tell he had a hard on. She thought it felt wonderful. She could only imagine what it would feel like later.

As they danced, he pulled her close and whispered that what he would really like to do is take her back to their place where he would be able to be more comfortable and where they would not be disturbed. He told her he wanted to feel her body against him and naked. He liked the feel of her breasts pushing against his chest. 

He allowed his hand to snake back in front and between them while they danced. He took hold of her skirt and inched it up until he was able to feel the flesh of her thigh just above her thigh high stockings. His fingers found her naked pussy slit. It was warm and wet. His fingers slipped between the folds of her labia and found her clit. He began to rub her clit gently. 

They continued to dance this way for several more songs. She responded to him by taking hold of his hardened cock through his slacks and milking it with squeezing motions of her hand. She was a little nervous because of the public familiarity of what was happening between them.

Renee kept looking over her shoulder wondering what her husband was doing. She decided she just did not care if he found her with the finger of a stranger up her pussy and her hand grappling his cock. She was more than enjoying the feelings and pleasure she was experiencing. Then the music stopped and there was an announcement that the band was going to break for a rest and drinks.

Steven told Renee he and Steph would go for drinks and that that would give her time to talk with her husband a little later. That way they could all see what the others spouse thought about how the evening should progress. She agreed and then Steven and Renee made their way back to the table and sat down. 

After a little more conversation between them all, the band came back on stage and asked if everyone was having a good time. They began to play again and people began to head out to the dance floor to dance again.

John's wife leaned over and whispered in his ear, "Ask Steph to dance." She made a face at him then smiled and motioned with her fingers as if she were directing him to go on out to the dance floor.

John did, Steph agreed whole-heartedly and rose from the table we were sitting at. Steph and John left the table to dance. It was fun; John tried to keep his wife in eyesight. She was oblivious to either of them. She appeared, locked in conversation with Steve. She was very comfortable with the atmosphere and the people she was with tonight.

----------------------------------------------

It was a slow dance and he took her into his arms and held her close. He liked the way she felt and smelled. The feel of her tits against his chest felt extremely good to him even if covered by her blouse and a bra. They moved to the music and he allowed his hand to move from the small of her back down to the cheek of her ass. He cupped her ass cheek in the palm of his hand and squeezed it. He could feel her panty line under her skirt.

She whispered into his ear that he would be able to feel more of her later and that she liked being felt like that. She wanted to know if he liked what he had felt of her so far. He did he assured her. He pulled her closer and slipped his hand between the two of them. He pulled the shear material of her panties to one side and felt her pussy. It was wet and ready to fuck he thought to himself. He was ready and wanted to fuck too he thought to himself again. The song ended and Steph told him she was ready to head back to the table and get a drink so she could keep the buzz going. He smiled at her. She led the way and they headed back to the table.

-----------------------------------------------

When Steph and John got back to the table, Steve suggested he and his wife needed to walk to the bar and get fresh drinks. Steph smiled at Steven and shook her head up and down in agreement. They both stood and walked off toward the bar for drinks.

John and Renee watched as they both walked away from the table. It was then that John's wife told him. "Steven invited us back over to their place. Do you want to go with them?" 

"Sure! I'd love to go over to visit if it is okay with you."

"I want to do more than visit!" Renee said with a smirk on her face. He just smiled at her, because he wanted to do more than visit too.

When they got back to the table they all talked about it and decided it was time to go. All agreed that they were ready to leave. They also all agreed to go to Steven and Steph's home. After all, it was the shortest drive to make. 

They followed them to their house. They parked and everyone went inside.

They followed the couple into the house and down a set of stairs. Steph was telling them not to notice much about the upstairs portion of the house because it belonged to her dad. She said he was an invalid and that he lived in that part of the house, but he would not be a bother to them since he was not able to move about now and he was already asleep. 

That much of the evening felt a little awkward, but once they had all reached the downstairs portion of the house everything seemed fine again. 

Would you like to see the house? We are so proud of what we have done to it. We would really like to show it off to the two of you.

They looked at each other, neither wanted to say anything but what they really wanted to see were naked people being fucked and sucked on or fucking and sucking on someone there in the house. However, they both agreed to a tour of the house.

They wanted to take them on separate tours of the house. Steph told Steven she would show John the house while he was to show it to Renee.

Steve took John's wife one-way. 

Steph took Renee's husband the other way. 

---------------------------------------------

They walked down a hallway. Steph paused at the first door on her left. "This is the kid's room when they are here with us. Right now, they are all with our x-spouses." They continued their walk down the hallway. He could not help but notice her firm ass cheeks as she walked. She was talking telling him that this was one thing and here was another. All he was able to notice though, were those damned firm ass cheeks! He followed her into the bedroom. "Well, this is the bedroom." She announced. She turned and walked over to another door. She opened the door and said, "This is the closet." 

"Not much to look at". She said. "But, it is a nice place for us to come home to and be at. Come on and I will show you the rest of the house."

John was not sure of what he should do. Therefore, he simply followed Steph's lead. What he really wanted was to get her naked and fuck her. Instead, he followed along behind her. They walked past their kid's rooms, the bathroom, and then back into the living room where Steven and John's wife were passing through on their tour. They all passed one another there in the living room. They all smiled playfully at each other as they passed. Each of their tours continued on to another part of the house. Each tour taking the others spouse further away and out of sight.

"This is the kitchen, Steven and I have done all the work down here. You should have seen it before we started it was a real mess! I think we have done a great job of modeling and remodeling it all." She stopped and stood posed very sexily in the middle of the kitchen.

Well, what do you think? She asked.

"I think that you are a very sexy woman and I think I have really enjoyed watching your cute ass as you have led me through the house! I think I want to fuck you." He told her.

She smiled at him and then said, "Come on with me you horny man!"

Steven led Renee down the same hallway they had seen Steph and John come from. He held her hand as he walked down the hallway. "I did all of this." He motioned with his free hand at any and everything around him. She walked behind him, following him through the house. This is the bathroom, this is the kids' bedroom, and this is our bedroom. He stopped in the middle of their bedroom and pulled her toward himself. His arms encircled her body and he brought his lips to hers. They kissed, and she let his tongue invade her mouth in a hot French kiss. 

She thought to herself, Very nice! 

He felt the swell of her breasts against his chest and allowed his hand to roam across her back and down her sides to the hem of her dress. His fingers gathered the hem and he began to lift her skirt feeling the heat of her flesh as he did.

Pushing her palms against his chest, she told him, "Let us put this tour on hold Steven. What I really want to do is get undressed and play a little." It was her turn to lead him now. She took his hand in hers and started to walk off down the hallway pulling Steven behind her. Once back inside the living room she motioned toward a sofa. "Can we set there?" She asked.
