 This is my first submission to Literotica, and it's an account of a real life experience that my girlfriend and I shared. It was our first FFM threesome, and it was amazing. We have had others since, but this was something very special for us both, and I hope I have successfully conveyed that here.

Many, many thanks to JLCC who helped knock this story into shape. It was really helpful to have someone cast their eyes over things, and I am very grateful. 

*

Ania was the first woman that we ever met through a swingers' website. She was also the first woman that Grace and I fucked together. It seems pretty simple now; all we did was put up a message that we were available for a meet and a couple of hours later she contacted us. We traded pictures -- Ania certainly wasn't shy - and before we knew it we were texting each other to arrange to meet for a drink in a bar the following day. 

To describe her, Ania was blonde and tan, about 5'5" and very busty which was a fantasy of my girlfriend Grace. In my eyes, she would contrast very nicely with Grace's own lithe 5'7" body, with her pale skin and curly red hair. Ania told us that she had an Eastern European accent, which was something she thought we might have an issue with. In fact, it made her sound all the more exciting; we couldn't wait to meet her and fuck her. 

The next day was a little nerve wracking to say the least. Preparing for a meet with someone that you have never met, with the express intention to have a very filthy threesome, is quite something. We readied the flat for a visitor, dressed up very smart, and headed into town to meet her. 

We had a couple of drinks before Ania arrived which did nothing to quell our nervousness. When she did arrive though, our anxiety faded and we relaxed together. It was a Saturday night and the bar was full so our conversation was very straight-laced, but underneath it all there was a current of sexual tension. When Ania popped to the ladies room, I asked Grace if she wanted to take her home and she replied with a definite yes. When Ania returned, I asked her if she wanted to come back to our place, and she replied with a definite yes too. 

It was raining very heavily and Ania had brought her car, so she drove us to our street. We ran inside the flat together, all laughing in what must have been a combination of nervousness and lustful anticipation. I poured some prosecco, and Grace sat on the sofa while Ania sat in the armchair facing her. I joined Grace on the sofa and we sipped our drinks and continued to get to know each other. 

Ania excused herself to use the bathroom. While she was gone, Grace and I looked at each other. Were we really doing this? We had no idea how to get started and we really wanted to get started. So when Ania returned, I invited her to come and sit between us. She happily agreed, and as she sat down I took her drink from her hand. Together Grace and I started to kiss and fondle her. It was like we'd done this before.

Ania moaned in pleasure, and her accented voice was thick with lust when she told us that she loved what we were doing to her. Her head rolled back and as our hands roamed over her body, we both somehow instinctively freed her gorgeous breasts, and eagerly sucked her nipples, which were full and hard. "She's got great tits, hasn't she?" said Grace, as I looked up at her to murmur my agreement, seeing her eyes shining. She looked so beautiful, and so filthy; I knew that we were going to experience a new frontier in our sexual explorations together and that it would be mind-blowingly hot.

Soon we were in a tangle on the sofa, which was not roomy. I stood and told them both to stand up too. "We're going to go to the bedroom now, you filthy sluts." Grace loves to be told what to do by me, and I got the impression that Ania did too, as she simply smiled in obvious agreement as she took Grace's hand to be led into another room. 

I was behind them, and as soon as we got into the room, pushed them both to their knees. Grace loves to be forced to the floor and loves to be told to take my cock out...but Ania was our guest, so Ania received the orders. As her fingers carefully unthreaded my belt and unzipped the fly of my suit trousers, Grace continued to kiss and caress her. I watched her tongue trace the outline of Ania's stiff nipple and bite softly into it, as Ania freed my thick cock. It felt so stiff that I could only think of shoving it straight into her wet mouth, so I grabbed the back of her hair and pulled back slowly and firmly, so that she was in no doubt as to what I wanted. 

Someone had trained Ania well; as her face tilted towards me, her mouth opened and her tongue slid out as she tried to touch the tip of my cock, which I held teasingly out of her reach.

'God, you're a dirty bitch," said Grace, and I had to agree. I began to run the head of my cock along the tip of her tongue, before slapping it softly against her tongue and lips. The head of my cock was slick with saliva and pre-cum, and I took great delight in spreading it over her face while Grace watched. "Please fuck my mouth!" Ania whispered urgently in her husky voice, and it was all I could do not to push her mouth hard onto my cock.

But that was a treat that I was saving for Grace. "Grab her hair," I said, "and make her suck me." Grace didn't need any further instruction. She held Ania's hair with one hand and her throat gripped gently with the other as she forced Ania's mouth further onto my cock. 

"You are a filthy fucking slut," she whispered hotly into Ania's ear as she sucked and licked. "Look at you, taking my boyfriend's cock in your mouth while I watch you. You love it don't you, you dirty bitch. You're a filthy fucking whore."

At every loaded word, Ania made muffled groans that signified nothing but lustful and eager approval, and her eyes were shining with pleasure. She already knew that we loved to use language that had no place anywhere except the bedroom. Of course, discussing it over a few messages is one thing; having those deliciously degrading words moaned into your ear by a beautiful woman while she watches her boyfriend fuck your mouth was quite another.

Ania's attentions were delicious, but I withdrew a little and started to offer my cock more to Grace. She eagerly lapped at the swollen head. Ania was now licking and nuzzling at the shaft as it passed back and forth in front of her face. Clutching a handful of curly red hair I guided Grace's mouth closer to Ania's so that their tongues began to meet. Soon they were kissing and licking each other, licking cock and licking face, tasting the heady mixture of saliva and pre-cum.

It was an incredible sight. I loved how much of a dirty bitch Grace was, and that she was mine to share. "You're a slut too," I reminded her. "You're my slut. Get your head down on the floor, and take off my shoes while Ania sucks my cock. And don't look up at us." Grace loves to be humiliated in the bedroom, but this was the first time she had ever been treated this way in front of another woman, and she was shuddering with a combination of lust and shame as she bent down to press her face against the carpet. As I watched her blindly trying to unlace my shoes, my head swam, and my cock throbbed so hard I gasped. Ania responded by sucking my cock deep into her throat.

As much as I was enjoying the sensation, I needed to remind Ania who was in charge. I pulled my cock free then instructed her to open her mouth and stick out her tongue. She complied immediately and as Grace managed to remove my shoes, I slapped my cock against Ania's wet tongue. It felt amazing. With each slow slap Ania grunted with desire, and soon I felt that it was time for her to get off her knees. "Now get on the bed," I told her. "I want you on your hands and knees with your legs spread wide open so I can see your gorgeous cunt."

As she crawled up onto the bed, I removed the rest of my clothes and handed them to Grace. "Fold these nicely, and then get on your hands and knees on the floor. Keep your head down and your arms out straight. You don't get to look until I tell you."

Grace obediently followed my instructions, and I stood there slowly running my hand up and down my cock as I took in the unbelievable scene. My beautiful girlfriend was prostrated on the floor, looking completely subservient as she waited for further orders. On the bed was Ania, a woman who until two hours ago had been a complete stranger to us. Now she lay on our bed just a few feet away from Grace, with her arse in the air and legs spread wide apart. I wanted to make myself cum then and spray my hot seed across both of them; I wanted to release this passion everywhere. I felt that if I made myself cum, I just wouldn't stop; it was so fucking hot. This was what we had wanted to do together, what we had imagined so many times, and now we were really doing it. It was already beyond the sexual boundaries that most people ever experience and we had only just begun.

I leaned in towards Ania, and brushed her hair away from her ear. "I want to spank you now." As I said these words, I heard Grace groan in frustration and desire as she heard me tentatively question how far Ania would let me go into the darker edges of play. "Yes, but not too hard please," was the reply. I got up and stood at the side of her magnificent arse, before bringing my hand down slowly but very firmly, and there was a satisfying smack that I felt through my fingers. 

"Mmmmm. More," was Ania's muffled response. I brought my hand down again, but faster and harder this time. The sharp sound seemed to mix with the sting in my palm, and the heat I felt from Ania's rosy cheek. "Oh GOD yes," she moaned into the bedclothes, and I heard Grace gasp in a way that told me her head was lifted.

I glanced back towards her and saw that her head was raised. She looked so incredibly aroused; her mouth was gaping open and her eyes were wild with lust as her tongue flicked across her red lips. Watching me spank another slut on our bed was one of her fantasies, so rather than chastise her for her disobedience I simply smiled at her as I continued to make solid thwacks on Ania's fleshy behind. 

Ania continued to moan as I varied the timing of each contact, so that she never really knew when the sting would come, flinching when she thought my hand was coming down, and pushing her arse into the air to in her eagerness to receive more pain when I held back. 

As I spanked Ania, I couldn't help but notice how wet and swollen her hot cunt had become. It was begging for attention, and I was happy to oblige. As I smoothed her glowing cheeks with one hand, I started to explore her wet slit with the other. My fingers traced the folds that were puckering outwards with wanting, and I let my fingertip play across her clit as I slid my thumb up inside her. Ania started to buck determinedly backwards, and she moaned and grunted thickly as she pushed harder and harder against my exploring hand. She was fucking my thumb, and I was fucking her cunt with my hand, and I wanted Grace to see.

"Come and watch," was all I needed to tell her. Grace came and settled on her knees with her arms around my leg and face pressed against my thigh, gripping me tightly as she watched me explore a new slut's cunt, so close to her face that she could no doubt feel the heat from the hot flesh. My cock bobbed in front of her face as I worked Ania, but Grace was so transfixed that I don't think she even noticed. Slowly pulling my thumb out I pushed it into Grace's mouth, and she obediently licked the sticky juices clean. I loved how obediently slutty she was, as without question she ran her tongue over and around my hand. 

"Spread your legs wider," I commanded Ania, and as she pushed her cunt closer to the bed I surprised her by getting down on my knees and pushing my tongue deep into her crack. I heard Grace groan with fascinated pleasure as I started to work my tongue in and out, and I slid the bridge of my nose up and down Ania's cunt as she ground herself against me, over and over and over until my face was slick with her delicious juices. 

I turned to Grace and she knew exactly what to do, running her tongue around my face and into my mouth. We were kissing each other then, lost in love and lost in the moment as we enjoyed being each other's whore.

Grace pulled away and looked me straight in the eyes. "I want you to fuck her now," she said, and my head swam with lust. 

"Yes, please fuck me. I want your cock inside me." The exotic voice of Ania inviting me to take her was so horny, and I felt as if my cock would drag me to her of its own accord. I stood up slowly, taking the opportunity to take a lingering lick of her spread cunt as I rose. It was so hot and wet.

I reached for the condoms we had strategically placed earlier in the day, and rolled one onto my cock. As Grace watched me, her face seemed even more flushed, and a glow was spread across her neck and pert tits, her small nipples hard points that seemed to be showing me what direction to take. Though I was about to fuck Ania, it was as much for Grace's pleasure as for mine, and my cock twitched in anticipation of giving her the show she desired.

I stood behind Ania, and gripped her magnificent haunch with my hands, before sliding them underneath her thighs and spreading her legs roughly further apart. She moaned with delight at this, and then shuddered as I smoothed her cunt with the flat of my hand. 

"God it's too much, please fuck me! Fuck me! I want your cock in my pussy!" Ania was wild with anticipation now, and my breathing became jagged with lust as I readied myself to give her what she wanted.

I started to tease her with the head of my cock, running it along the underside of her cunt, but Ania was not to be teased. Expertly judging the correct angle, she thrust backwards onto me as my cock pointed into her, and my fleshy shaft slid home. "God, you're an eager bitch," I laughed, and grabbed a handful of her hair. She moaned in agreement as I started to drive into her, and gasped when I pulled her harder on to me. 

Fucking her was amazing. For a moment I was lost in the hot fuck, feeling nothing but my own desire as I pounded into her. Then I turned to Grace, and told her to come closer. Her face was wild with lust, and she as got onto the bed, she immediately positioned herself so that her face rested on Ania's arse. She alternated between licking and nipping the flesh that was still rosy from spanking, and from time to time she kissed my stomach as it slapped against Ania's behind.

This was what a threesome was all about. We truly shared each other then, all three of us delighting in the pleasure that we could give each other. I fucked Ania and she fucked me, while Grace kissed, licked and bit us both. Sometimes she was behind me, fondling my cock and balls as they slid in and out of this delicious whore, sometimes cradling and kissing Ania's face as she told her exactly what she thought of a woman who would let herself be used in such a filthy way.

Ania loved this, and told her over and over again, as she met the rhythm of my thrusts. "UNF...I'm a dirty bitch...UNF...I'm a filthy slut...Oh God I love being fucked. I love it! UNNN...I love you watching me...AAH...I'm taking your boyfriend's cock, you slut! Look at me!"

This was driving me wild, and I dug my fingers into Ania's behind as I started to fuck harder and faster. Suddenly she made a deep animal sound, and she spasmed and shook as an orgasm ripped through her, welling up and out from the dark place of shame and desire. Grace was moaning too, and shoved her tongue into Ania's open mouth, as if their faces were fucking.

It's hazy remembering exactly how things progressed then, as we seemed to be in a tangle of bodies for some time. I knew that I wasn't ready to come, so I withdrew from Ania and let Grace clean my cock and balls with her mouth and tongue to be ready for the next round of fucking, while our guest lay slumped on the bed, purring softly to herself.

I remembered then that we had purchased a special toy for an occasion just like this one, when we would bring another woman into our home to share our filthy passions. I left them both on the bed and opened a drawer that we had designated as being the hiding place for what was a steadily growing collection of sexual implements, designed to tease out a variety of perverse pleasures.

I saw: a purple flogger, alternately finished in leather and satin for spankings in varied levels of pain; a small whipping tool that gave a very sharp smack, and was a little too intense for casual encounters; a table tennis bat that had seen regular kinky action upon Grace's perfect behind, and starred in one of my favourite pictures of her; an anal vibrator that was made up of a ridge of orbs in steadily increasing sizes; a vibrating wand that seemed to be able to coax orgasms from both of us in surprisingly quick time; a collar and lead that we hoped to share with a guest lover at some point, as Grace was keen to play pet, and for her be lead on hands and knees by a woman who would both dominate her and fuck me. 

Finally, I found what I had in mind to introduce at that point: a very intimidating double-ended dildo. Thirteen inches of silicone that was called 'Double Trouble' according the box, and looked very much as if it would live up to its lewd name.

Fashioned in purple, it was outrageously sexual. As I picked it up it flexed in my hand, as if it had a life of its own and was eager to bury itself into two willing cunts. Well, there was no doubt that willingness abounded tonight. 

Grace laughed when she saw it, a filthy laugh that was full of anticipation. She knew exactly what to do, and it was time for her to let her own dominant side assert itself. She took the dildo from me, and spread herself wide in front of Ania so that her cunt was on full display to our new lover. Taking the dildo in both hands she started to slide the thick head and shaft into herself, and Ania sighed in delight at this slutty exhibition. Grace gasped as she worked herself over with this wonderful toy, and it glistened with her juices as she coated it with desire. 

"That's right, you dirty bitch, take a good look. Watch me fuck myself." Ania was happy to obey these instructions, and so was I as they could have equally been meant for me. The sight of Grace fucking herself slowly but surely with this filthy, bendy tool was one I had enjoyed before, but the addition of Ania recovering from a thorough fucking by watching hard toy exploring soft cunt had me rock hard.

"Now open your legs, you sexy slut. I'm going to shove this in your cunt." I loved to see Grace in charge and Ania was proving herself to be willingly submissive. She flushed with desire as she spread herself for my beautiful girlfriend. "Wider. Show it to me. Run your fingers in your pussy, and open it up for me." All the time she was talking, Grace was fucking herself back and forth with the dildo and her eyes were blazing with lust.

Ania opened her legs more, and lay back as she started to finger herself for her new mistress. Her mouth was open, and I took the opportunity to lean across her so that my cock could gently touch her lips. "Oh God yes," she murmured, and her tongue started to explore the head of my cock, lapping gently at the head and flicking into the sensitive slit.

Suddenly she grunted and gasped, and my cock went unattended as she reacted to the feeling of the dildo that Grace had pushed fully into her. She had shunted herself up to Ania, and was now fucking her, driving that filthy object home with her hips and hands as she continued to fuck herself at the same time.

This was simply mind blowing. A staple of lesbian porn, it's something that I had seen performed many times on a computer screen, of course. To experience the scene in the flesh was something almost beyond imagination. The air I was breathing seemed suffused with the scent of hot cunt as these two outrageous, beautiful whores fucked each other back and forth, slamming in to each other in a way that seemed destined to push them both over the edge. My hand was on my cock, and I worked it solidly in time with their fucking; it was all I could do to hold myself back from coming across their naked bodies. I wanted to coat them both with my hot cum.
