 Continued from "First experience in a Swingers Sauna"... 

*

I had another drink with Gavin and Fiona at the bar. There were nibbles', which we munched on, watched the porn playing in the big screen, while chatted about the weather, the footy etc.

Fiona had her towel really low, and I could almost see her nipples, I tried my best not to look directly, but I am sure Gavin would have followed my gaze a couple of times. I was getting instantly hard under my towel, following my recent activities with Fiona, and not having cum yet for the night. It was almost 10 Pm now, and the crowd was growing at a steady pace.

The Bar was bang in front of the entry door, so I could check out any new person coming into the venue. In the 10 mins, I counted 3 couples, and 2 Single Men walk in. I tried to do a quick count, and could come up with 13 couples and 15 Single Men. The ratio was perfect, but I was sure there were more men in the Sauna, the Spa, in the rooms, and men just walking around, trying to be part of any action happening in the venue. 

We were half way through our beers, when a couple took the empty spots next to Gavin. It was one of the couples, who had just entered the venue; they would have just changed down, and were at the bar, for their first drinks. The Guy sitting next to Gavin was about 6 feet tall, and was wearing one of the blue towels; his partner was about 5'5. She had a great figure, fuller boobs, a very nice body, a great ass, oh and she was wearing Black Latex, cute latex hotpants, which was showing off her ass beautifully, and a low cut crop top which finished just above her pierced belly button. On closer inspection I could make out, it was a Scorpio piercing. She even had latex gloves on, which made her look like a vixen. She had bright red lipstick on, and had a big bright smile, while talking to Gavin, and Fiona. 

The guy introduced himself as Tony, and his partner was Tania. Tony was the designated driver for the night, and was having a soft drink, while Tania went straight to a scotch on the rocks. I like my scotch, and I started a nice conversation with Tania, about blends that she likes, or any specific one, that is her favourite. Tony joined in, saying he likes his scotch too, but can't drink tonight, damnit!! 

Tania had amazing eyes, they were very expressive, she was looking around, checking out all the couples, and the single men roaming around. I found out, that they have been to quite a few of the swingers parties around Melbourne. Tony recommended a place in Seaford. He said, "Same setup pretty much, just a bit bigger, and two levels, which adds to the fun". Tania and Tony knew few of the regulars, and many of their acquaintances, came up and said hello. 

When I looked around, Gavin was missing and Fiona was talking to a middle aged guy, who was not wearing a towel, but had a tiny black G-string on. The bulge in the front seemed to be growing every second. Fiona slowly started to massage the bulge and the guy couldn't stop smiling. Soon they were hand in hand, and went off to one of the rooms in the club. 

I turned my attention to Tania, who was sipping her scotch, and had an intense look in her eyes. Her eyes were glued to a guy, who was about 6'2, very athletic, had a six pack showing, and was wearing his towel really low, my guess is to show off his muscles even more. I was kind of jealous, he had a great body. Tania obviously was interested, and slowly got off the bar stool, and went straight up to him. They spoke for about a minute, and walked inside the club. 

I was fascinated; I quickly finished off the rest of my beer, adjusted my towel, and headed towards the rooms, to see what's up. 

While I was crossing the change area, I saw a very cute girl, she looked about 20, 5'2 large boobs, blonde hair tied in a bun, and she was getting out of her clothes. I paused a bit, and went into the locker area pretending to get something out of my locker. She took off her jeans, pulled her top over her head, slowly pulled down her panties, then looked straight into the mirror in front, caught me staring with the reflection, and giggled. I was really embarrassed. She then turned around facing me, took off her bra, slowly folded all her clothes away, one by one, turned around put all her things in place, locked the locker, and then proceeded to tie her towel round her boobs. I was transfixed; it was the best Strip Show I had ever seen in my life. I understood, that She was an Exhibitionist, and surely enjoyed giving me the show, as much as I did ogling at her. She knew I was watching her all this time. She smiled at me, while we crossed paths and went towards the Bar area. I was now really lost what should I do, go in and see the action, find out what Fiona and Tania are up to, or follow this cute Blonde to the Bar, and try my luck. 

I decided to go and explore the club, I would try and make it quick, hopefully She would be having a drink long enough for me to come back. 

With that thought I ventured into the large room, which had a big TV on, playing Porn, looked like a Swedish blonde getting DP ed. I was almost fully erect, after watching the recent strip, and comparing her to the blonde on TV. 

The room was fairly well lit, with 2 mattresses on the floor. There was a crowd of about 5 men, standing in a circle. I tried to get a peek, and saw a woman on her knees, servicing the men taking turns. She was sucking the man in Front, while with her two hands, She was playing with two cocks, while the other two men, stood there wanking. I am sure she was sucking and giving each one of them a nice hand job. She was in her fifties, quite large, but had really nice boobs.

I ventured on, and came across 4 booths, maybe a bit smaller than a standard phone booth. They were built in two slightly different levels. 3 were occupied; I could hear noises coming out of them. Curiosity took over, and I went in to the fourth one. The one I went in was on the level slightly higher. As I went in and closed the door, I realised their purpose. All of them had quite large, rectangular holes in them. It was a Glory hole, but a purpose built one. Before I could fully take in all my surroundings, a hand came out from the lower booth, and grabbed my towel. I hadn't taken it off yet, and didn't have to, as the hand kind of pulled at the knot, and I let it fall at my feet. The hand had, very nice long finger nails, they had a nice design on them. I thought they must be the clip on nails, which are in high fashion. My Ex used to spend hundreds on them. She grabbed my cock, but then slowly started to run her finger nails from the base of my cock to the tip, and with her other hand, slowly massage my balls. She was brushing my butthole sometimes, all in all it was an amazing feeling, and I can't describe it. I was in heaven. She then slowly pulled me forward, so that almost all of my cock was in her booth below, and I could feel her tongue on my shaft. She started giving me an amazing Blow job, and kept flicking her tongue at the tip of my cock. I was trying my best to last as long as I could. She then increased her pace, and I felt her other hand start to massage/tickle my balls again. I couldn't hold it any longer. All the events of the night were playing on my mind, and I exploded in her mouth. She took it all in, and quietly said, "You taste good". Soon after that I heard her door open, and she was gone. I was standing in my dark booth completely spent. I was trying really hard to understand, what just happened. My mind was racing at million miles an hour, and all I could think of was to relax and go with the flow.

I put my towel back on, stepped out of the Booth, and went further in the depth of this place, in my quest to find Fiona and Tania. I came across a couple of locked rooms, thought to myself, that if they are in there, how I would know. I should go back, and concentrate on the cute blonde in the changing room, or the girl with great nails, who gave me one of my best orgasms. 

I was lost in my thoughts, when I came across the next room. It was a big room compared to the others, and was lit in a light blue night lamp, had a round leather bed in the middle, and was quite crowded. I slowly made my way in, to check this place out. A few men moved a bit, which made it easier, as I didn't want to just push my way in. Once I went in the room a bit, I could see Tania, She was on all fours, facing the door, had a cock in her mouth from this tall guy, which I made out was Tony, her partner, had a guy under her, licking her nipples, and a guy behind her fucking her doggy style. The guy fucking her was the guy she had introduced herself to in the Bar. There were almost 10 guys standing around and I could see 2 couples as well. They were all watching intently, while Tania was getting fucked, from behind. She looked really nice; she had taken off her latex clothes, apart from her gloves. All her clothes were placed quite neatly, folded away near the top end of this round bed. Her boobs were swaying back and forth, and she was moaning a bit from the deep plunges she was receiving from the guy behind her. Her back was nicely arched, and she looked really nice in this position. 

I could see Tony's face from where I was standing, and I could tell, he was not going to last any longer, and sure enough he came within the next 30 seconds. Tania lapped up all the cum, licked her lips, and said "Thanks Darling", all the while getting heavily fucked. It was such a turn on. 

Tony gestured me to move forward and take up his position. I was not sure if I was up for the challenge, after my monstrous orgasm in the booth. But how could I refuse those luscious red lips. I stepped forward. Tania started by taking my flaccid cock in her mouth. She deep throated me, and gagged on it, making all her Saliva to flow out. I have never been deep throated like this before, the sensation was amazing, and to my amazement, I was almost fully erect, within seconds. Tania took my cock out of her mouth, and said "I know I am good", She had a devilish smile. She went back to sucking my cock.

The guy behind her was now pumping away at quite a good pace. He then started groaning, and came within seconds; he had lasted for at least 10 mins, that I have been here, must be a lot longer. I was impressed with his stamina. As he was Cumming, I could see his muscles convulsing, it was quite a view. He thanked Tania, and then moved aside. Tania had a smile on her face; I could feel it, as she still had my cock in her mouth. She then started to massage my balls, and suddenly inserted a finger in my arse. It was a great feeling, she had her gloves on, and that made it even more pleasurable. I haven't experienced something like this, for quite a long time. 

By this time, another guy had positioned himself behind Tania, but Tony kind of stepped in, and told him a stern "No" and the guy moved aside. I realised, that everything here is consensual and ultimately it's the girl, who is in control. This is exactly how it should be. In a weird way, kind of makes you respect women even more.

I was enjoying this great blowjob I was getting from Tania. She was a Pro, and she had me Cumming in the next 5 minutes. It wasn't a massive load, but she swallowed it, looked into my eyes, with those amazing expressive eyes, and said "You are tasty". 

*

There are more experiences of this night to follow.. I am still in very early stages of writing, and my literally skills, might not be up to scratch, but would appreciate any comments/suggestions.