 "This looks like a normal house," Juliette thought as they walked up the steps to the front door. She knocked and the door opened almost immediately. A short woman with medium length black hair wearing only a bathrobe invited them in.

"My name is Sandy," said the woman, "you're here for the party right?"

Juliette was nervous, her mind racing with doubt as she tried to answer the woman, "Yes, that's right. We also brought a contribution to help cover the snacks." Juliette handed the woman $40.

"Thank you, that is very thoughtful," Sandy replied placing the money inside a money box on the table beside her. Sandy took two large towels from the table and handed them over. "I can see it's your first time partying with us so I'll give you the layout. The first door on your left is the changing room. Find an empty cubby and put your clothes in there, everything is secured, that's a promise we make. A lot of people wear their towel until they get comfortable, that is up to you. A condom must be used for all intercourse, regardless of whether or not you arrived together. There are bowls of them all over the house. No means no. That stands whether spoken by a woman or a man. Anyone that breaks that is immediately removed. It's never been a problem and we don't expect it ever will be. External ejaculation is fine, we just ask that you clean up as quickly as the moment allows, and please try to keep it on your partner, not the furniture etc. You are not required to participate at all, watching is more than acceptable. You are welcome to leave at any time; we simply ask that you leave with whomever you arrived with. When you are ready to leave, return to the changing room and drop your towels in the laundry bin. Unfortunately we are not able to offer showers right now, as the new hot water system hasn't been installed yet. Have fun!" There was another knock on the door and Sandy turned to answer it, leaving Juliette and Jake to take in everything she'd said.

When they entered the changing room another couple had just finished stripping, and were standing there with their towels casually draped over their shoulders. Neither one of them could be a day over twenty years old, their bodies were very toned and firm; both of them with hair blonde enough to be from the beaches of California. Juliette turned her head in embarrassment, forgetting for the moment where they were.

The girl chuckled a little, "First timers huh? It was about our third time here before we got over the natural urge to be embarrassed." The girl stepped forward and offered Juliette her hand, "I'm Michelle, and it's nice to meet you." Stepping back she looked Juliette up and down. "Judging from what your clothes are hiding I think Karl here is going to be looking for you in a little bit."

Juliette flushed, unsure how to process a woman telling her that her boyfriend would be looking to have sex with her in a little while. Glancing at Karl she smiled, "I think that would be all right."

"Oh, I will definitely be looking for you soon," Karl said as he blindly offered Jake his hand, never once removing his eyes from Juliette as they made their introductions. "We'll see you guys in a bit." With that the young couple disappeared, chatting as they went. Jake looked at Juliette certain she was ready to bolt, "You're sure about this?"

Juliette shook her head yes, "Fantasies are fun, so living them out must be even better right?" Jake stared at her transfixed as she slipped out of her shoes, and peeled her jeans down her long toned legs. Standing upright she pulled her shirt over her head. As she unclasped her bra she asked, "Aren't you gonna join me?" Wrapping her panties and bra inside her shirt, she placed them in a cubby with her pants and shoes. She started to wrap the towel around her as if she had just stepped from the shower and then stopped. Tossing it over her shoulder she left the room, raising her eyebrows at Jake as she left.

Twenty two seconds later Jake left the changing room nude, the towel in his hands. Looking in the first room he came to on the right, his semi erect penis immediately grew to its full length. In the middle of the room was a king sized mattress. On the mattress were two women, a blonde with long straight hair, and a redhead with equally long hair, but curly. Their legs were scissored together, as their pelvis' thrust at one another. Men and women alike were sitting on couches around the room: masturbating, giving or receiving oral sex, and in two instances fucking. When his eyes found their way back to the women on the mattress he could see a flash of black become visible between thrusts, and realized it must be a dildo they were sharing. He was momentarily torn between watching this amazing spectacle and finding his wife, but his heart won out. "Maybe you can get Juliette to try that later," he thought as he moved down the hallway. 

Looking in the next room on the left his heart stopped. He watched as two men ran their hands over his naked wife. Sitting on a couch with a man on either side of her, Juliette guided their mouths to her waiting breasts. One of the men was a little older having more grey hair than black, but in good shape for someone of his apparent age. The other man was Karl, the guy they had met in the changing room. Jake was momentarily overcome with jealousy as he watched this younger man bring moans and gasps from his wife. 

Returning to his senses he entered the room, and moved to the empty couch along side the one on which Juliette was sitting. He watched as Karl and the older man parted her legs. His heart hammered as he watched Karl slip two fingers into his wife's wet pussy, her mouth emitting a low moan as they worked their way slowly in and out. So transfixed by the sight of his wife in the throes of pleasure from two other men he failed to notice the two women that sat down on either side of him. His attention to Juliette finally diverted by the feeling of a soft hand closing around his stiff cock.

"Looks like someone can use some attention," said the woman on his right. She was older and possibly the spouse of the man now standing on the couch along side Juliette, slipping his cock between her parted lips. Jake guessed her to be in her late forties, as her blonde hair was slowly losing its fight against the grey that was working its way across her hair. He noticed her body was in decent shape; not what one may opt to fantasize over but nothing to turn down when it was in front of you. "I'm Candice," the older woman said as began kissing her way down his body, "that's Ray over there with Karl."

Jake could not repress a gasp as a hot wet sensation enveloped his cock. Looking down he saw the woman that introduced herself as Michelle bobbing her head slowly in his lap, devouring his cock.

"You better save some for me you little harlot," teased Candice as she slid off the couch and knelt before him. Parting his legs she began to nibble and lick his balls as Michelle continued to slide his cock into her wet mouth. Jake watched as the women took turns sliding him into their mouths. He groaned when he felt their tongues running along his cock at the same time, certain he wouldn't be able to last much longer. The sound of Juliette's voice drew his attention from the women sharing his cock.

"I'm glad you joined me," Juliette cooed as Karl used his mouth and fingers on her pussy. Ray was slowly stroking his cock near her face, "you appear to be enjoying yourself."

Jake couldn't take anymore. His senses were overloading. Between the feeling of two women blowing him at the same time, and watching his wife pleasure and be pleasured by two men, he erupted. "Oh God, I'm coming," he warned as Michelle sucked him deep in her mouth, taking his first two spurts down her throat. As Michelle moved away, Candice took her spot; slowly jerking him to milk every last drop of semen from his spent cock. 

Michelle moved to the couch along side Jake, running her hands over his body. "I hope you have a quick turn around, I really need a cock in me," she purred as she nuzzled into his neck.

"You got to blow him first, I think I should get to fuck him first," Candice said, taking her spot on his other side. 

A loud grunt drew the attention of the three as Ray spewed his hot cum across Juliette's tits. "Oh yesss...that feels good," she moaned as his semen continued to land on her chest. Ray collapsed next to her, and used his towel to clean himself and Juliette. 

Juliette reached into the bowl on the table at the end of the couch. Handing it to Karl she said, "Here...I'm with Michelle, I need a cock in me now." Not one to be told twice, Karl stood and slid the condom down his eight inch shaft. Grabbing the bottle of lube near the condoms he lubed his cock. Juliette stood up and moved to the mattress in the middle of the floor. 

Jake watched as she lay down, and spread her legs. His cock stood at attention again as he watched Karl kneel between her legs, guiding his penis into her pussy. "Oh God..." Juliette moaned as he slid his cock all the way in with one smooth motion. Locking her ankles behind his back she set the rhythm, slow and deep. Her eyes we half shut in ecstasy as Karl slowly thrust into her. 

Jake knew the type of orgasm she had when she was fucked with a slow and deep pace. It would build slowly in her, finally exploding in burst of sexual release. He watched his wife fucking another man not three feet away, their bodies moving together as one; Karl penetrating her as deeply as he could, Juliette thrusting her pelvis at him as his cock drove at her womb. His eyes were drawn away by the wet warmth in his lap. Looking down he saw Michelle again applying her oral skills to his erect cock.

"Well it looks like we know what gets you hard again fast," she teased as she rolled a condom down his glistening penis. Using her mouth again she lubed his shaft. Turning her back to him she sat on his lap, guiding his cock into her pussy. "Ohhhhhh yesssss," she moaned as she settled back against him, his cock buried deep within her. 

Jake kissed her shoulder as his hands worked their way over her stomach to her breasts. Michelle moaned as he gently rolled her nipples between his fingers. "You feel so good in me," she cooed as she began gyrating in his lap. Leaning to the side she said, "I think Juliette's about to cum."

Looking around her his eyes fell on Juliette again. She lay before them on her back, with Karl driving his cock deep within her. Her legs were pulling him in with every thrust, pulling him as deep as he could go. With a loud grunt she dug her nails into his back, her head rolling from side to side in expectation of her imminent climax.

"Oh God...oh God...oh God," she began moaning, her orgasm reaching its peak. "I'm right there...don't stop Karl...please don't stop...make me cum..." she begged him, panting her words, struggling to form them in her bliss. With a final thrust Karl sent her over the edge. With a yell Juliette came, her chest heaving as her orgasm washed over her. Jake could only stare in rapt awe, as his wife came with another man. Jealously he thought of how her pussy was grasping his cock as her orgasm ran through her body, coaxing him to his own release. 

As if his thought had triggered it, Karl gave a howl, announcing his own orgasm. Withdrawing his cock from her he peeled the rubber from his penis and shot his white cum across her breathless form. After milking the last drops onto her tight stomach he collapsed next to her in winded rapture.

Michelle had stopped moving as they had watched Juliette and her boyfriend achieve orgasm together. Looking down across her shoulder she said to Jake, "I think we can match them don't you?" As if someone hard turned a switch, she began bouncing on his lap, driving his cock deep within her. Her flaxen hair bouncing with her breasts as moans and squeals passed her parted lips. 

Sliding his hands to her slim hips, Jake began thrusting up to meet her, pushing himself deeper still. "Fuck...oh fuck...oh fuck.." Michelle chanted as she collapsed again back against his chest.

Juliette and Karl where now sitting up, watching intently as Jake pistoned into Michelle as fast as he could. Karl's limp penis was growing hard again between Juliette's slow strokes and the sight of her husband fucking his girlfriend. 

Michelle looked at Karl and mouthed, "I love you." Glancing to her right she saw Candice bobbing her head in Ray's lap as he watched them fucking. "Get over here...and...and...come here..." she tried as Jake continued to drive her towards climax, pumping her pussy hard and deep. "Come lick me..." she managed on her next attempt. 

Candice moved from Ray and knelt before Michelle and Jake. Spreading Michelle's legs wider Candice began flicking her tongue over her clit and Jake's pistoning shaft. Almost immediately Michelle began cumming. Moving from Jake's lap she laid on the couch, begging Candice to never stop licking her as her orgasm reached its end.

Looking over her shoulder for a minute Candice wiggled her ass at Jake before returning her tongue to Michelle's pussy. Not needing to be told twice, he mounted her from behind. Gripping her waist he pumped her for all he was worth, her moans being muffled by Michelle's pussy. With a groan he slipped his cock from her pussy. Removing his condom he gave himself three quick strokes before erupting across her back and ass. 

Spent, he collapsed on the floor sitting with his back against the couch. From his new position he had a perfect view of Juliette on all fours, her heart shaped ass only a few feet from his face, her head buried in Karl's lap as she gobbled his cock. As Ray knelt behind her, his cock sheathed in a purple condom, Jake moved down the couch a little to get a better view. 

Juliette was lost in the sensation. Her eyes were closed as she slid her lips up and down Karl's penis and Ray fucked her from behind. Karl laced his fingers through her long auburn hair, guiding her mouth along his gleaming shaft. Ray was pounding her faster, stuffing his cock deep within her. Lifting her mouth from Karl's cock she moaned as Ray pounded her from behind, making her breasts bounce with each thrust of his cock. Stroking Karl she looked back at Ray. "Make me cum...oh fuck me....make me cum again..." she begged him with shortened breath. "I'm cummmiiingg...." She whimpered.

"Oh Juliette I'm gonna cum," Ray warned as he slammed into her again and again. Removing his cock he slid it between her ass cheeks a few times, spurting his hot semen across her back.

"Me too," Karl groaned as Juliette stroked his cock, covering her tits with his second load. 

She slid off the mattress, and crawled over to Jake. Resting her head on his chest she said, "I love you." Feeling sleepy she closed her eyes muttering to him, "I love you," again and again.

Opening her eyes the room was suddenly dark, Jake was barely visible. Sitting up she looked around, and realized they were alone. Her heart was racing as her dream came rushing back to her. Slipping her panties off she climbed on top of him, guiding his semi erect penis to her wet sex. She felt him harden as he entered her. Her lips found his as he opened his eyes, still clouded with sleep.

"Well this is a great way to wake up," he said his hands finding their way naturally to the curve of her ass.

"Mmm hmmm," she replied as her hips rose and fell on him, lowing the feeling of his cock penetrating her.

"To what do I owe this great treat?" he asked as his mouth kissed her chest, savoring the taste of her breasts.

"I had a dream," she whispered breathlessly in his ear, the beginnings of an orgasm starting in her stomach.

"Are you going to tell me about it?" he asked, now thrusting up into her, drawing sighs and gasps as she worked closer to climax.

"I think....I think...maybe...maybe it would just be easier to show you," she moaned as she came, burying her face in his neck to stifle her sounds of pleasure.