 Thursday evenings had become the highlight of my week. From 8.30 – 9.30pm. My dancing class. You may think that as a man I might be on my own at a dance class, and on one level I was – the teacher was Toni, and there were 7 regular ladies and me, learning salsa. I was the only man. It meant I was never dancing alone, and it was a good laugh. The sense of fun and enjoyment was enhanced by Toni our teacher. She was really nice. Kind, and fun as well. But a teacher... She was probably in her early 40's. She dressed rather plainly – normally in blue tracksuit bottoms and a pink lose smock-like top. Her long fair hair was always tied up in a pony tail, and she didn't wear make-up. She was slim, and obviously all the dancing she did kept her fit, her body in shape. One of the running jokes in the class was the questions we kept asking, about how to start a dance, how we could make our moved better, how we should do complicated moves. Toni was always complaining we were asking too many questions! 

Toni was nice, and a bit the type who could be central to my dreams – or should I say hottest fantasies! I had plenty of time for fantasies – my wife had walked out and moved in with a divorced woman down the road the day before my 37th birthday, and seemed to have switched preferences, although I suspected when we were together she didn't really find men, or sex with men, sex with me, something she enjoyed. It had been the previous summer – the dancing was something I had taken up to meet people, and to start a new life. The dancing had been fun and I enjoyed the female company, but hadn't really got anywhere with any of the women there. I'd asked one or two out, but they always had reasons why not. But Toni was nice...

We had started the classes the previous September, but it was now April – three months left before our summer break. And I knew I had to try it... the next Thursday...

Thursday April 11th. 

Dancing had been good fun, returning after a two week Easter break. Toni had complained that in the break we had stored up all our questions, and there had been too many questions! So I had mooched about after the class for a few minutes until all the other women had left. There was just me and Toni, who had to lock up. It was nothing unusual – I often waited for her to lock up just so she felt a bit more secure.

"Toni, can I ask you some questions?"

"NO!" She rebutted me in mock anger! "NO MORE QUESTIONS!"

I smirked in my "naughty schoolboy" look. "Go on, please, just one!"

Toni sighed. "Go on, just one..."

"Well," I smiled. "I was going to ask you ten questions, so I'm going to assume you answered the first nine the way I wanted you to. So here is the tenth question." I paused a moment. "Can I fuck you?"

Toni was shocked, but then smiled, and in mock anger shouted at me. "Get out. You are very naught boy." 

I smiled – I had got away with it. I could have been banished from the class if she had taken offence. "Let me carry your stuff out to your car, I'll let you lock up..."

Thursday April 18th.

Dancing went well, and all the other members of the group had left. I waited while Toni packed her sound equipment. Then spoke. "One question this evening. Can I fu..."

"NO," she snapped. She was smiling. "Take my stuff out to the car." This seemed to be turning into a game...

Thursday April 25th.

"Can I..."

"NO!"

Thursday May 2nd.

"NO!"

Thursday May 9th 

It was time for a different tactic! I sat to the side as the other women were packing up to go, and simply sat and waited. "I'm not going to ask you anything this evening!" I spoke in a smug voice.

However, as I sat and waited for her to pack I did the classic action to suggest sex. I looped my thumb and first finger into a circle, then with my pointing finger of my other hand stiff, I gestured with the finger going in and out of the circle I had made. That is a crude gesture which Toni saw, and went bright red in embarrassment.

"Take my stuff to the car!" she ordered, and I did... I wondered if I was breaking though...

Thursday 16th May.

"NO!" 

I picked up her equipment and carried it to her car before she ordered me to...

Then it was home to a good wank, as I was now doing most weeks, wondering, with a picture of Toni I had found on the internet...

Thursday 23rd May.

"I'm not going to ask if I can fuck you today!" 

Toni looked at me, shrugged. "Thank goodness!" She said in a sarcastic voice, but smiling.

"No," not going to ask that.

"Good, so take the stuff out to the car."

I continued as if I hadn't heard her. "No, I was going to ask – can I put my cock in your pussy?"

"GET OUT, and take my stuff with you...!"

Thursday 30th May.

"Haven't you got any questions for me?" Toni asked in an exasperated voice, as I sat quietly waiting for her to pack up. 

"Nope. No questions." Did she look disappointed? Had she been enjoying our silly game?

"Not a single question?"

I paused before replying. "No, not a question. Just sitting her looking at your cute tits, imagining what you would look like if you stood there naked." I paused, smiled, before continuing. "Well, just one question. Do you shave, or do you have pubic hair around your pussy?"

Again she looked shocked, but gave a resigned smile. "If you want to know, no I don't shave, I just keep my bush trimmed. Happy now? Pleased you know that?"

I continued as if we were having an innocent conversation. "Oh yes, love that. Don't like a woman who shaves. There is something special about giving oral sex to a woman who doesn't shave. Bet you would taste amazing!"

Toni stood shocked, but before she could respond, I had taken the equipment to her car...

Thursday 6th June.

"Why are you looking at me like that?" I was staring at Toni a few feet away. 

"Well, because you are so sexy and gorgeous."

"You are a pervert!" she spoke with vehemence, but not in an angry way.

I smiled. "I think you're right!" I paused. "Do you know, every night I go home from here and have a really good wank imagining I'm fucking you. That's probably perverted." Again Toni went bright red, shocked, but somehow still not offended. But then I had a thought which struck me. "You know, I've had a thought. I bet when we go home from here on a Thursday you have a good wank as well. Bet you have a really good vibrator you use..."

Toni was even more embarrassed, flustered. I had found out. Something. "So I'm going to take your stuff out to your car, go home and get my hand around me cock and make myself shoot!" And I was gone.

I had the feeling I could have pressed her further, maybe took her that evening, but my gut said "wait" - there could be more to come if I wait. More kinkiness.

Thursday 13th June.

"So have you thought about what I've said?" I knew she probably had been thinking about it, and thinking about it as she had masturbated through the week. 

Toni, however, seemed to have steeled herself to be in charge of this moment. "Stand there!" She pointed to a spot in front of her. I stepped there. I like a woman who can take charge... "Don't move. At all. Stay."

This was new, but it sounded fun...

Toni stood to the side of me close up. Then I felt her hand on my trousers, pressing on my cock. I was instantly hard. Then I felt her feeling for the zip of my flies. She was pulling the zip down. I stood unmoving, except for my cock twitching. Her hand slipped through the flies and I felt her grab my cock for a moment, before pushing her hand through the flies of my boxers, and grasping my cock, her hand on my uncovered cock.

I tensed, then felt her begin to play with me with her one hand in her flies. Her fingers were flitting all over my cock, reaching down to my balls and squeezing, all inside my boxers. I felt her fingers playing with the tip of my cock, then knew she was spreading my pre-cum over the rest of me. 

I could just manage to speak as my legs felt like jelly. "You have to know that I say naughty things when I get really excited. You might be embarrassed..."

Toni smiled, still standing close to me, playing in my boxers. "Sticks and stones may break my bones... " She smirked. As she did she grasped my cock in her hand and began to slide it up and down. There was just enough lubrication to make the sliding hand really exciting.

As she began to give me the "handjob from heaven," I moaned. She was amazing. She may have been a fantastic dance teacher, but she was amazing at giving a hand job. I moaned again, closing my eyes. "That's amazing. Can almost imagine your are sucking my cock, I'm fucking your mouth. Or can imagine I've got my cock in your cunt. Want to shoot my spunk into your throat..."

I moaned again as her hand was sliding up and down my cock even faster. "Grip it tighter. Help me imagine I'm fucking your asshole..."

Suddenly I moaned out loud, was shooting my cum into my trousers, all over her hand... It felt amazing. 

I don't know how I managed to keep standing, but when I opened my eyes she removed her hand and was wiping my cum off it with the towel she always brought with her. She spoke as if nothing had happened. "Okay, if you can take the stuff to the car..."

"But I need to clean up first."

"No time for that. Need to lock up." Suddenly felt she was in charge of things. I felt funny driving home, my cock and trousers still sticky from the spunk from earlier. Clothes in the wash, time for another wank...

Thursday 20th June.

Don't know what it was but Toni seemed more confident than previous weeks, perhaps because she had grasped some control for herself of the game we were playing. We had a good lesson. At the end she had handed out cards to everyone. "Next week is the last lesson of the year," she had told us, "so want to invite you all back to my flat after for some drinks and food. Loved this year, most fun ever, so my way of saying thank you."

There had been chatter, but then I found myself on my own with her again as she packed up her sound equipment. "Take your trousers and pants off while I pack up my stuff."

There had been no preparation for the order. She had been packing her stuff, and commanded without even looking in my direction. I was startled unmoving, until she repeated her order. "I said – take your trousers and pants off. Get on with it."

I slipped my shoes off first then undid my trousers, dropped them and my boxers to the ground, then stepped out of them. It felt odd, exciting, standing half naked while Toni dispassionately packed up her sound equipment. After she had packed her stuff she turned to me, stood in the hall a couple of yards away.

"Okay. Today it's my turn. You do what I say. Close your eyes, and jerk off. I want to watch you."

Somehow the scenario had change – suddenly she was in charge. She was a strong character, she had to be to teach, but somehow it felt like she had planned things for now. And the strange thing – I liked it, being ordered to do naughty things by her. I did close my eyes, I did grab my cock, knowing she could see everything I was doing.

I felt my cock rise as I began to stroke. Felt her eyes on me, watching... 

I rubbed my pre-cum on my cock and stroked again, and heard her speak. "Keep going – I want to see you shoot your cum."

Again my legs felt wobbly as I stroked my cock faster and faster, moaning, moaning louder, feeling my balls tighten. Then in moments I felt the wonderful explosion, I was shooting cum onto the floor, knowing she was watching. It felt so amazing, so hot. At last I came down, opening my eyes...

It was odd – in seconds I was in my car driving home. She had made me use my boxers to wipe up the mess, and they were lying on the passenger seat beside me. I had watched her leave in her car, going the other way. 

June 27th.

We had our last class of the year. Everyone had stayed to help Toni tidy up, and then we were off to the address she had given us. A couple of the women couldn't make it, so there was Toni, four of the girls from the class and me. I missed our "after class" antics, but it was still fun to be with 5 hot ladies, aged, from about 28 to 50. 

For about an hour it was fun. We chatted, the girls drank, and we ate and laughed and flirted. I had agreed to give lifts home after, so kept off the drinks. The girls were drinking wine and getting louder and louder. They kept getting louder and louder, until Toni shouted for them to be quiet.

"Got a video I want to show you. You'll love this. Mike – you sit there..." She pointed to the middle seat of the sofa, "...Tracey, you sit there, Michelle there..." she pointed to either side of me on the sofa. "Me, Jenny and Shaquira, we'll sit on the floor." I felt rather hemmed in with two girls on either side and three sat against the front of the settee, against my legs. But who doesn't want to be hemmed in by 5 gorgeous woman?

Toni grabbed the gizmo for the telly, pushed a couple of buttons and the video started. I instantly froze. 

How had she done it? The video began with a picture of a man standing with his trousers and pants around his feet, masturbating and moaning. Me. Somehow she had videoed it. As I tried to get up from the chair crying "no", I found I couldn't. There was a girl on either side holding my arms, three stopping my legs from moving. 

I was transfixed – I watched myself, moaning louder and louder, until my cum shot out of my cock... The girls were laughing and joking, making rude comments about the size of my cock, about how vocal I was, about the quantity of cum I made, cheering as I spurted out onto the floor in the film. None of the comments were disparaging and humiliating, in that their comments about size and quantity were complimentary, but watching a video of yourself masturbating with 5 women was acutely embarrassing...

We continued to watch, as the video changed – she had somehow videoed the previous week as well, as she had given me a handjob, although you could never see Toni's face in the picture. This time it got even more embarrassing. They laughed and laughed as I said rude things, and the ruder I cried out, the more they laughed. And as they saw me cum into my trousers they giggled even more, particularly when Toni said - "so I sent him home with a load of spunk in his pants..."

The video had lasted about ten minutes until the television screen went black. Toni stood up.

"I think we have one very naughty boy in our class. Needs a good spanking. What do you think girls?" There were shrieks of agreement. "So I got an idea for some fun. Too many of us to do it, you know. With him. So lets give him a good spanking, on his bare bottom, then we'll have a game. We'll each have thirty second in turn, and the one who makes him shoot gets to keep him for the night. Or maybe the weekend. Or maybe the summer..."

As she said this I became more worried – was I being kidnapped, and my face looked alarmed. Toni noticed my fear, so smiled. "Don't worry Mike. We're not bad. We won't hurt you much, except your bum. Just like a bit of fun. I told them what we would do when we organised it earlier in the week. Those who didn't want to join in have gone home. And I reckon by Sunday evening you might say it's the best weekend you have ever had. And as we all have your phone number I think you might get a lot of invitations over the summer." As she said this she winked outrageously. As she did, she nodded to the other women there...

I was hauled to my feet. I suppose I could have struggled hard, but there hadn't been anything I hadn't really liked so far, and the humiliation of it all had made things even hotter. And I don't want to hurt anyone, particularly women. Didn't even mind when I was held, stood up, as one of the women undid my belt and trousers and pulled them to my ankles. I was stiff as a rod – something they were happy to point out to each other with a lot of pointing and the odd shriek. I watched as some of the cushions from the arm chairs were piled on the coffee table, guessing what would happen. 

It did happen – I was pulled over the cushions, my ass in the air. They removed my trousers and boxers from my ankles – but then they moved very quickly before I realised what was happening. My arms and legs were being tied with scarves to the four legs of the coffee table. And they were good at what they did – looping the scarves around my feet and hands then tying to the table legs, probably having practised or something when they had met earlier in the week. . 

When I realised what was happening I struggled – this felt a bit more serious – tied, naked from the waist down – but there was no escape... at last my struggles subsided.

One of the girls giggled then pointed. "Ooooh look – he's showing us his hole. Love to use a strap-on in that..." I felt startled, but listening to the conversation it was clear nobody had one there, and Toni didn't own one, so for the moment was spared that. Instead the conversation turned to what they should spank me with. Hands? Hair brush? Slipper? Kitchen slice? There was a lot of discussion, ignoring me, many outrageous suggestions, until they settled on a sandal they found under the coffee table. Don't know whether Toni had planted it there earlier. They agree four each would be enough. And maybe a few more as I was so naughty! When I suggested one each, I was told not to be a baby and take my spanking like a man.

"AAAAAAAAAA," the first spank was a surprise, and stung, a lot. I thought I would try to remain quiet, but it stung too much. I was allowed to writhe for a few moments, but as the stinging began to subside I felt the second and cried out again. The same with the third, and fourth – I didn't know which of the girls was wielding the sandal, but she didn't hold back – the stinging was so hot, painful. 

There was a pause then it started again, this time not quite so hard. Still it hurt as blows of the sandal landed on top of those already received. I managed not to cry out through these four, as much as the stinging had built. However, the next one was really hard, on the back of my thighs. I cried out loudly, screaming, and crying through the next three from this girl.

By the time the next girl took over I was in tears, crying as the heat in my ass and on the back of my legs grew.

The next few minutes were a blur as they added to the stinging, the heat, the pain, the tears. One was a little softer, but another four blows were really hard, excruciating, such that there seemed to be only stinging and blurring...

At last it stopped. It had seemed far more than twenty. I desperately wanted to rub my ass but my hands were still tied. They left me there for a few minutes, laughing at how red my ass had become. Giggling at how my hole had twitched. Sounding a bit sympathetic because of my tears. At last I felt the hand on my ass, gently begin to rub cream into my ass, gently caressing the soothing cool liquid all over me. The stinging did decrease. There was a giggle all round when whoever was soothing my ass pushed their finger into my asshole – slipping through the ring easily with the lubrication, wiggling inside me before being removed again.

It took me several moments to become aware of myself, but when I did I realised my ass stung, but even more, perhaps because it had rubbed against the pillows, or because of the pain, or because my asshole had been invaded, or simply because I was being watched in the most perverted position, receiving the most kinky of treatment, my cock was hard, harder than I think it had ever been before. It was something the girls quickly noticed.

It was Toni organising things. "Time to turn him on his back. Don't think we need to tie him again. Lets see who wins the prize..."

For a couple of minutes I felt the ribbons untied, was lifted to my feet, the cushions taken away. One of the cushions was put on the floor, then I was pulled onto my back on the floor with the cushion under my head.
