 Our first sexual experiences were with each other when we were both eighteen. Today that would be unusual but in those days censorship was strict, the Internet didn't exist and DVDs hadn't been invented.

I owned a small and very rickety old Ford car and I'd park it around the corner from where she lived and we would climb into the back seat. The first time we had sex was on our second date. It started with kissing and then breast fondling and eventually my hand creeping tentatively onto her thigh. It was just the standard procedure for beginners.

I soon got the good news because she was more than willing and when I moved my hand higher she opened her legs invitingly. As you may imagine, I could hardly breathe with excitement and my cock was like granite. I had difficulty getting my fingers inside the leg of her knickers and she must have been getting impatient because in exasperation she lifted her bottom and pulled them down. That was okay except that they were still above her knees and keeping her thighs closed. The solution was obvious; I pulled them all the way down and she kicked them into the front seat.

It was pretty dim in the car and I could only just see her white thighs as she spread them apart. She must have been wet with anticipation because I can still remember the exciting acrid scent of her pussy permeating the interior.

The fact that she was cooperating so willingly took a lot of pressure from me. I didn't want to rush things in case I made a hash of it, but in truth I didn't really know what to do anyway. We started kissing again and I put my hand on the inside of her thigh and began to slide it upwards. She was certainly getting excited because as I got closer to the target area her kissing became more urgent and then she opened her mouth and just panted.

I could hardly believe that I was about to feel a girl's pussy for the first time. When my fingers touched her soft pubic hair it felt sticky and I held my breath when my fingers finally touched her soft depression. It was very wet and they sank in without pressure.

Her panting had now become short rasping gasps with her head tilting back and her eyes tightly shut. I had only just begun to finger her hot wetness when suddenly she gave a squeak and her pelvis started to jerk convulsively.

I didn't realise she was having an orgasm and thinking I had done something wrong I snatched my hand away. She immediately hauled it back again and rubbed it frantically into her sopping crevice. Then she gave a final squeak, clamped her thighs around my hand and her whole body went limp. She just sort of collapsed with her chin resting on her chest.

All went quiet in the car and I was in mild shock. My cock was rock hard and I had a terrible ache in my balls. I was completely unaware that she had just had an orgasm because I didn't know that girls could have them. I waited to see what would happen next.

After about a minute she slowly lifted her head and looked at me with wide open eyes. She whispered, "Phew that was incredible. I've never felt anything like that before."

"Like what?"

"It was painful but I didn't want it to stop and it was really scary. It was like a great big itch that I couldn't scratch and it hurt, but at the same time it felt delicious."

Slowly it began to dawn on me. The feeling that she was describing was exactly the same as the one when I masturbated.

My first orgasm happened by accident. I was in bed and my cock must have been rubbing against the sheet and got hard. I put my hand down and squeezed it and my whole world exploded. I vividly remember the frightening pain but when it subsided I wanted to do it again. After that I couldn't stop wanking but I never told anybody not even my pals.

I felt guilty because I didn't know that everyone masturbated. Eventually masturbation became a popular topic among my school pals and some could ejaculate and were always eager to give a demonstration. I never took part because I was a late developer and embarrassed that I couldn't do it.

Girl masturbation was never mentioned because none of us knew it was possible. Well how could they if they didn't have a cock? One lad said he'd seen his older sister pushing something in and out of her fanny but nobody believed him.

So there we were sitting in the back of my car and my girlfriend had just experienced her first orgasm. The probable reason that she had never experienced one before was because she was an only child and both her parents were in the theatre business and travelled around. She never went to a proper school and most of her education had come from casual tuition. I guess not mixing much with other girls was the reason she was unaware of such pleasure.

I shifted uncomfortably in the seat and she said immediately, "Are you okay?"

The pain in my balls was excruciating but my cock was still solid. I said, "I've got a bad pain in the lower region."

She looked genuinely concerned when she asked, "Is it my fault?"

"Well in a way but it's also my fault. I've never touched a girl's vagina before and it's had a dramatic effect on my private parts."

"What sort of effect?"

I was embarrassed when I muttered, "Well my testicles hurt and my Willie is aching. I think it needs some air."

Straight away she said brightly and with an endearing absence of shyness, "Okay let's get him out."

In an instant she had my zipper down and reached inside. She was unaware that there was a route through the front of my underpants because girls don't need one but eventually she got him out.

I wouldn't describe myself as massively hung but I think I would score about eight out of ten. She had never handled one before so I don't know if she was impressed or not but she exclaimed, "Wow it sure is hard, is it supposed to be like that?"

It must have been instinctive because she started to slide her hand up and down and I quickly grabbed her wrist. She looked alarmed and enquired, "Should I not do that?"

I replied, "Well actually that's exactly what you're supposed to do. The problem is that I will have the same sensation as the one that you've just experienced."

She said enthusiastically, "Okay let me do it then." She tried to grab my cock again and we had a brief tussle for supremacy.

I held her wrist firmly and said, "Anne my sweetheart let me explain. You've just had your first orgasm and you clearly enjoyed it." She nodded her head vigorously. "Well I've had hundreds of orgasms because I regularly rub myself that way every day. All guys do it and we call it wanking but the official term is masturbation. Until now I didn't know that girls could have one."

She said, "Well sometimes in the shower if I squirt the hose on it I get a nice tingle but I've never done it with my fingers like you just did. Whenever I got that tingle I felt guilty and stopped. You know, in case God was watching."

I laughed and said, "If God was going to strike down anyone for masturbating there wouldn't be any men left alive, and now I know that girls can also do it there wouldn't be any humans left at all."

My cock was still hard and the prospect of being wanked off by a girl was too exciting to pass up but I had to fill her in with some details. I said, "When guys have an orgasm they squirt out lots of sperm. It's how babies are made you must know that."

"More or less."

"Well when I masturbate I catch the sperm in tissues but I haven't brought any. Believe me it will go a long way when my cock is as hard as this."

"No problem," she announced and reached into her bag to triumphantly produce a packet of girly tissues. "Okay let's get going."

I sighed and said, "My dear girl that size is useless, you're going to need the whole packet."

She was insistent. "Okay let's use the whole damn packet; so where do I put them?" She reached for my cock and squeezed it gently and said in a worried tone, "How long will it stay hard like that?"

"Don't worry," I assured her, "it ain't going anywhere."

I unbuttoned my shirt and together we started spreading tissues over my chest. Finally I leaned back and said, "Okay I'm ready."

I wasn't kidding when I said the harder my cock is the further I shoot. Quantum physics would probably explain it and I was beginning to regret not having brought protective goggles.

She announced, "I'm also ready so tell me what to do."

"Hold it firmly and slide the skin up and down but not too fast, I don't want it to happen straight away. You know, tease me a bit. Then when I say okay you put your thumb just here," I guided her hand, "and then squeeze it tighter and go faster."

She said excitedly, "Do all girls do this for their boyfriends?"

"This could be a first."

Her warm hand started to caress my cock and she was certainly gifted because although she was barely gripping me the feeling was sensational. I was trying to hold back but I was losing the battle and muttered urgently, "I'm going to come soon."

She immediately stopped rubbing and asked politely, "Sorry what do you mean? I thought you were going to have an orgasm thingy."

I swallowed my frustration and as evenly as possible replied, "When guys are about to have an orgasm they say, "It's coming," or "I'm coming," so to have an orgasm is to come."

"Got it."

Then she said, "My mini is really wet and I'd like to touch myself but I can't do both things at the same time. You've got a free hand so will you do it for me?" I guessed 'mini' was her childhood name for her pussy.

I was more than happy to oblige but we had to speak the same language so I said, "Would you mind if we didn't refer to your vagina as a mini? There are many names for it and mini isn't one of them. May we call it a pussy?"

She thought for a moment and then said cheerfully, "Okay pussy is fine with me."

Having sorted that out I said, "Put your thumb where I told you and now go faster."

As she increased the tempo I put my fingers onto her sopping pussy and slid them gently inside.

The next few seconds were utter chaos.

Just as I started to come she began to squeal like a piglet. Her grip on my cock tightened and her rubbing became frantic. I tried to prise her hand away but she wouldn't let go and began to direct it around like a fire hose.

I couldn't stop myself and came in all four corners of the car.

When things had calmed down she realised that events had not gone strictly to plan. She was embarrassed and said, "The first time I've wanked you and I completely messed up. When you put your fingers inside me I got that feeling again only bigger this time because I was holding your cock. I feel so stupid. Am I still going to be your girlfriend?"

I kissed her gently and said, "You will always be my girlfriend." I believed it then and I believe it now.

I could hardly wait for our next date. As soon as it was dark we parked in our usual place, locked the doors and climbed into the back. I was desperate to know if she had masturbated so I asked, "Well have you done it?"

"Done what?"

"You know what. Have you played with your pussy?"

She could see I was excited but said, "Oh that, no I didn't bother."

"Don't lie to me. Now that you've had one orgasm you'll want more. So tell me, did you stroke yourself when you were in bed?"

She assumed a dignified expression and said, "That's really personal and anyway I was afraid that God might be watching."

I decided to call her bluff. "Okay if you're going to play silly games let's go home."

She cried out in alarm, "No please, I was just teasing you." She squirmed onto my lap and wrapped her arms around me. "I'll tell you anything you want to know."

"Just tell me what you did when you got into bed."

"Well I reached down and sort of touched myself gently. You know, dabbed my fingers on it. I didn't really get any special sensation so I explored a bit. There's a little hard bit higher up and when I touched myself there it made me jump."

I interrupted with, "That's your clitoris and it's like a tiny cock." I'd seen a picture of one in our encyclopaedia when I was looking up dirty words. "Okay carry on."

"It actually hurt if I rubbed it hard because it was sensitive but if I did it softly and just touched it gently it was really tingly."

"Did you come?"

"No."

"Why not?"

"It wasn't exciting and naughty like when you were doing it. It felt nice but that was all."

I was disappointed. I thought for a moment and then asked, "Were you thinking sexy thoughts?"

"What sexy thoughts? I don't know any."

Now I was getting the picture. "Let me explain. When guys masturbate we imagine a sexy situation like touching a girl's tits or something. It's all in the mind you see. When I got into bed after our first night I thought about what we'd done and then I imagined myself licking your pussy and I came straight away."

She shuddered and gasped, "Oh God."

"Why did you say that?"

"I suddenly imagined you licking my pussy and it made my tummy go funny. Can we do that then?"

It suddenly occurred to me that we were talking about cunnilingus when I hadn't even seen her bare breasts and I was really curious about them.

"May I see your tits first?"

Without hesitation she pulled her sweater over her head and reached behind for the clasp of her bra. Suddenly sweater and bra were draped over a front seat and she was naked from the waist up. She really was an obliging girl.

It was my first ever glimpse of a pair of naked breasts and really cute. They were full and firm with a nice under-curve but what excited me most were her nipples which were quite prominent. They were a rosy red colour, about half an inch long with nicely rounded ends and invitingly suckable.

She was still sitting across my lap with her back against my right arm so I lowered my head and took her left nipple between my lips and gently nibbled it. She quivered and whispered, "That's nice." Then she twisted towards me with her hand under her right breast and said, "Now this one."

I played with her tits for a while until she whispered, "When is the pussy licking going to start?"

"Right now, so off with your knickers."

"She said, "They've been in my handbag all along. While I was waiting for you outside the house it felt really naughty and when some boys walked by I thought if only they knew."

I reached between her thighs and sure enough there was no material between my fingers and her soft slit. I felt it open when I touched it and she sucked in her breath and whispered, "Are you going to make me come now?"

"Not yet, but I will when the pussy licking starts."

It was a small car and getting into position proved to be difficult. We tried with both of us lying along the back seat but it was too cramped. Fortunately there were only two doors and the front seats tipped forward. So we flattened the driver's seat and she laid down on it with her legs open. I got down on my knees and finally we were ready.

It was too dark to see her pussy but the scent of it was intoxicating. The insides of her thighs were hot and sweating and tasted salty when I licked them. Finally all my fantasies were coming true and I took my time as much to tease myself as her. I raised my eyes and in the dim light I could see that she had both hands clasping her naked breasts with her thumbs fondling the nipples. She was breathing quickly and audibly.

The first part of her that my tongue reached was her anus. It was accidental because I couldn't see where I was going but as I touched it the tiny creases puckered and she gave a squeak. I was unsure if it was out of pleasure or not so I promised myself that I would investigate further at a later occasion. I moved my tongue higher and encountered some sticky liquid. Then I reached her pussy and gave it a single lick upwards and waited.

The response from her was another tiny squeak. I pulled back an inch or two and looked up. She was looking down and pleaded desperately, "Why have you stopped? For Pete's sake don't stop."

I wanted to experiment and learn what gave her the most pleasure so I dabbed my tongue back into the slippery crevice. I moved my tongue around in a circular motion but she just continued to breathe quickly while clutching her breasts. It was when I gently touched her tiny firm clitoris with the tip of my tongue that she reacted.

She gave a shriek and clapped both hands to the side of my head. I licked it again and her body began to jerk uncontrollably. She made no sound as if she was either holding her breath or couldn't breathe at all. As her body continued to jerk, she arched her back until she had lifted her bottom several inches from the seat. I put my hand under her buttocks and tried to put my tongue back but she pushed my head away.

Her convulsions continued in complete silence and I was just beginning to get worried when suddenly she exhaled with an explosive gasp. Then she collapsed back onto the seat and burst into tears.

I was at a complete loss and I had no idea what to do. A minute previously she was pleading with me not to stop and now she was sobbing uncontrollably. What the hell had I done wrong? It was an awkward situation and totally beyond me. I decided to await developments.

Several long seconds passed and finally she lifted her head. I was still on my knees and she clambered towards me and threw her arms around my neck kissing me passionately. Then she drew back and said earnestly, "That was the most wonderful pleasure that any human being could ever possibly experience."

Now I was completely confused and asked, "Then why were you crying? You scared the shit out of me."

She answered, "You don't know much about girls do you. Sometimes we cry when we're happy."

I responded, "That really makes sense; you cry when you're happy. So how will I know when you're unhappy?"

"Don't worry, you'll know." In the many years that followed I learned exactly what she meant.

I said petulantly, "Five minutes ago I was enjoying myself and my cock was hard and now it's gone completely floppy. I think you've given it a nervous breakdown."

She giggled and said, "I'm being selfish and getting all of the pleasure, so now it's you're turn. Let's get Willie out and see if we can revive him."

I reached for my zipper but she slapped my hand away and said firmly, "Keep your hands to yourself, I'm in charge now." It was flaccid so she had no difficulty in dragging it through the vent and as it lay limply in the palm of her hand she murmured sympathetically, "Oh dear, it certainly seems to have fainted."

She put her head closer to it and I began to wonder, "Will she or won't she?" She bent her head and kissed it softly and then looked up to me enquiringly. I said nothing and without taking her eyes from mine she took my soft penis between her lips. As her mouth closed around it I felt her tongue lick the underside and it began to stiffen. It soon became swollen enough for her to hold it around the base with the remainder supporting itself. She continued to lick and suck with her eyes still fixed into mine and was obviously watching for my reaction.

Then her tongue dragged very slowly across the glans and I couldn't stop myself from groaning. That was all she wanted to hear so she began to both lick and wank me at the same time. But it just didn't feel right because her hand was in the wrong place and she wasn't synchronising the two actions. So I said, "I know you're trying to please me but would you do either one or the other? Either wank me or suck me because my cock is getting really confused."

She responded curtly, "Don't be so impatient, I'm learning as I go along. How about if I do this?" She held my cock firmly at the base and by just moving her head up and down began to fuck me with her mouth.

I gasped, "Yes that's the one, get the tissues ready." This time I had remembered to bring some.
