 SULIMI' S VERSION:

I am Sulimi and I will begin my narrative by telling you that our first time together --our hot threesome- was just like Stud --my nickname for my brother in law- described. 

I had always enjoyed sex but I married young and my sexual experience had been limited to Alfie. Raising three kids did not help placate even normal level sexual hunger.

A couple of years ago, to break a boring routine, in search for some thrills, exploring our darker side, we experimented with sex in public places. We fucked at the beach, in parked cars and in a public park. The sessions were very short because we were so hot with anticipation that orgasms came quickly. 

Public fucking was intense, the first step in becoming sexually uninhibited. There was something very exciting about being penetrated out in the open woods or at the beach and --of course- the traditional back seat of a car.

Doing it outdoors opened a new gate for me as I discovered that I had an exhibitionist side. Yes, incredible as it may sound I did not become aware that I enjoyed voyeurism and exhibitionism until I was well into my forties. The half dozen times we did public sex over a period of a couple of months provided powerful orgasms and I wanted more.

On the advice of my sister Gracie --Stud's wife- we also began experimenting with videos. We saw orgies, threesomes, foursomes, oral, anal, bondage, spanking, public banging and interracial. Some I didn't like but others I liked a lot. Alfie and I both developed an interest in swinging --on a pure fantasy level- and the videos fulfilled our newly found voyeuristic tendencies.

I continued to dress like a businesswoman and sensible PTA mother, but I also bought a thong bikini and a slut outfit for special occasions. On a few occasions when Alfie and I went out to dinner I would put on a mild display, letting the waiter gaze down my blouse. When I wore the slut outfit with the see through blouse I received blatant ogling from every male that came within eyesight. My ego was fed a lot of positive reinforcement and Alfie and I enjoyed terrific sex after being ogled by strangers.

We believed that swinging was not to be a reality, for we were both skeptical of dealing with strangers. Still, on a business trip out of state I flirted a little with a man at a bar. Nothing happened, not even a kiss but when I went back to my hotel room I masturbated hard thinking about that man seducing me, propositioning me and I accepting, stripping naked for him, letting him fuck me on the hotel bed, straddling my face, his cock entering my mouth. It was one of the greatest masturbation sessions of my life.

Alfie photographed me nude and we also did our own porno video in which I sucked Alfie off and he climaxed fucking me hard, doggie style. When Alfie asked my permission to send some photos to an Internet voyeur site, I was thrilled at the thought of thousands of men playing with their cocks as they looked at my naked body. The only condition I demanded was that my face not be shown, hoping to thrill while discreetly retaining anonymity.

The messages placed on the site's digital board by viewers did wonders for my ego. I printed some and read them over and over, feeling wet, desired and highly appreciated.

"Very nice bush," observed one viewer while another proclaimed: "I would fuck her anytime, anywhere, in any position," and a third stated that "I would bury my face in your bush for a week," while another wrote that "I've jacked off to your photos twice. I would give a year off my life for a weekend with you. I love your hairy bush and I would love to come in your mouth."

It was bullshit, cybernetic flirting, but it made me wet and massaged my ego very well to think that hundreds or thousands were masturbating to my nakedness, desiring my flesh. It was an empowering feeling.

I never considered a serious threesome with strangers, so exhibitionism, voyeurism and correspondence were just games to enhance a once bland and boring sex life, spiced up thinking about the thousands of men that would look at me naked, desire me, play with themselves as they fantasized about me, wanting to use me as a toy. Reading them made me hot and I masturbated when I was home alone, sitting in front of the computer, my fingers buried in the slit between my legs. 

Alfie and I had talked about sending in a second set of photos when, to my surprise, Stud shows up in my office with copies of all the photos. He had recognized me and I was speechless at the moment but asked him for a few days before we discussed the topic.

Of course, we had found out about the voyeur site through Grace, so it was logical that Stud was a regular visitor to the site, soon spotting me in all my naked, shameless glory.

After the stunning surprise of being discovered, I was actually very excited. I had known Stud since my teen years and we had always had great rapport. I knew Stud and my sister were experienced swingers, but until he showed up with the photos I never thought of him as a possible sexual partner.

When I went home and told Alfie that I had been discovered, his answer surprised me.

"I bet," he said, "that our brother in law has been jacking off to your pictures."

Of course it made sense but when Alfie expressed it, I had an image of Stud, stark naked, playing with his cock. The thought of my brother in law wanking his meat as he looked at my naked image made me wet, instantly wet.

"You think?" I asked my husband, hoping to hear more.

"I know," he answered, "any man would. Does it make you hot?"

"Hell, yes."

"There is nothing left to the imagination, Suli. He has seen every naked inch of your body. He can download those photos and zoom in and count every hair on your cunt."

When Alfie said those words I shivered with excitement. Now it was not just some stranger wanking his meat seeing me naked on the internet, no, now it was someone I knew, my own brother in law who had seen every naked inch of my body and the thought of him jacking off to my pictures, his cock hard with desire to penetrate me, really turned me on.

"He's probably stroking himself right now," Alfie said, "thinking about being on top of you, slamming his cock into your cunt or fucking your ass."

I shivered for a second time. An image flashed through my mind of my brother in law mounting me, driving his cock deep inside...

Alfie and I discussed the possibility of a swing situation with Stud and Grace. I thought about it a lot, realizing that fantasy and role play is not the same as group sex in real life. We had discussed swinging for months, somewhat desiring but never daring to meet a stranger. Now, I reasoned that Stud was someone medically safe that I trusted and could feel safe with in a sexual situation. 

I had doubts. Once I did this I could not undo it... Would I be able to do it, to give myself to my brother in law, to suck his cock, let him penetrate me, fondle me and use me for his pleasure? Did I want to do this? I did, but I had my fears, my doubts. This was not just a fantasy.

So, within a couple of weeks and after long talks with Studs and Gracie, my brother in law did give me a solid fucking while my husband watched. That first night together, Stud took all three of my holes, starting off a most enjoyable relationship that turned fantasies into hot reality. For the first time in my life I did two men together as one entered my bush and the second one fucked my mouth. The orgasms I had were beyond explosive, leaving me totally spent and absolutely fulfilled.

Alfie is a good lover but Stud is fantastic. Stud is creative, commanding, full of raw lust.

That first night with both was a milestone in my life. PTA, church going mothers should not enjoy being fucked in front of their husbands, but I did and it was a defining moment in my life.

I was now two people, a housewife and a swinger and I did not regret it for a second. I felt like a total slut, but it also felt very good, erotic. I was enjoying being a bad girl, taking cock in every hole. No one who knows me could ever imagine what a nasty slut I've become in my secret life.

I changed. As I told Stud, all the nasty thoughts I never had, I have now and I want to carry them out, fulfill all my sexual desires, losing all inhibitions.

After that first time with Stud and Alfie, my husband and I made passionate love and I teased him with our new adventure.

"Did you enjoy it, Alfie?" I asked, "Was that what you wanted to see Honey, your wife sucking cock or taking a dick in my pussy? Stud enjoyed me, used me.... After you left he fucked my ass and I loved it, babe, just totally loved being fucked up the ass."  

Alfie nodded, grunted and his cock exploded, launching a thick string of cream. Our adventure had turned him into a sex obsessed animal, being that now he was involved in orgies and could have my sister any time he wanted without risk or recrimination. He could have his cake and eat it too, and he did, happily.

My sister was an experienced swinger and was willing to do Alfie but she felt awkward performing sexually in front of me, thereby refusing to participate together in a scenario.

I understood this.

A few days after my first threesome, I stayed home with the kids and Alfie drove over to my sister's house for his first swing with her, coming back three hours later with a glazed look in eyes.

As we rested on our bed, Alfie told me that Gracie had answered the door naked, undressing him in the living room, making Alfie sit on the couch while she kneeled, taking him in her mouth, the head of his cock disappearing between her pouting lips. Her head had moved back and forth on his shaft as her tongue licked the helmet tip of his manhood. 

Stud was next to them all this time, saying things like: "She gives good head, doesn't she, Alfie? Your sister in law is one magnificent cocksucker who will swallow every drop. She plays with the head, nibbling it, curling her tongue around it. Yes, my wife is a fine cock sucker." 

Alfie admitted that it did not take him long to come, moaning as he climaxed. Gracie swallowed his full load and washed it down with a glass of water.

"This is not over," she said, smiling. 

They fucked on the couch, his pumping cock sliding in and out of her cunt, naked flesh jiggling with the body movement, vaginal muscles gripping the slick shaft as the room filled with groans and gasps.

My sister, according to Alfie, was talking non-stop, filthy, dirty and exciting.

"Come on Alfie," Gracie said, "Give your sister in law some cock..... Yeah, you like fucking me don't you? I want you to come again, like you just did in my mouth..... You liked that too, didn't you? You like the way I sucked your cock? Or when my husband fucked your wife? 

You like it when my husband puts his cock inside your wife? In her mouth, her cunt, her ass...."

"Your wife is a good fuck, Alfie," Stud commented, "and she's become a fine slut."

"Oh, yeah, fuck me good....Fuck me, Alfie......Oh, I love your dick... oh, yes, fuck.... fuck me, baby. I'm your slut....going to cum...Oh. Fuck me.... stick that meat in me... Give it to me... Give your sister in law some fat cock....fuck your slut with your fat prick....Fuck me hard... Oh, fuck me deep....use me... Oh, God...Oh, yes... Yes!!...Fuck me!! Oh, God,..I'm coming... OOOOOHHHHH!!..... OOOOOHHH!!"

Alfie came at the same time, twitching, gasping, moaning as he released his cream deep inside her mound. 

My second outing with Alfie and Stud took place two weeks after the first coupling. My kids were going away with the grandparents, to spend the weekend in the Florida Keys and Gracie was on a business trip so the boys and I decided to start the weekend by going to a club.

I wore my slut outfit with the see through blouse and no undergarments, being naked under the clinging dress. I looked good, my nipples outlined against the fabric of the blouse; I was aware that men looked at me, undressing me even more, imagining me naked, ready to be taken.... And I was.

-----------------------------.

STUD' S VERSION:

That first time with Suli had been phenomenal. 

Suli is cute, with a very hairy bush, an adequate ass, goblet sized tits and a pleasant face. Anyone meeting her would believe her to be a straight laced soccer mom in her forties, so I was very surprised with . 

The sensible mother of three had transformed from a sexually inexperienced housewife into a willing participant in threesomes with a hot exhibitionist streak, something that had surprised me and excited me enormously the inner transformation of straight laced housewife to wanton, cock sucking, ass fucked slut.

When I had her sit in her SUV, leaving the door open, turning around on the seat so she would face the restaurant, opening her legs, exposing her dark bush excited her enormously and I had plans to bring that exhibitionism out even more for our mutual enjoyment.

I had fucked her every hole, dominated and used her and she had climaxed many times as her husband watched or participated. Suli is a tremendous fuck, the kind of uninhibited woman who easily crosses the point of no return, when nothing interferes with the waves of orgasm that grip her body. Suli has learned to please her senses and satisfy her hungers to levels she never imagined. She is insatiable.

I was looking forward to this second date with Suli and Alfie. This time I expected the great sex to become greater, for we could relax having overcome the awkwardness of that first encounter.

They picked me up in their big SUV and Alfie drove while his wife and I made out in the back seat. Suli was kissing with obvious lust. Her tongue licked my ear and her hand caressed my cock through my slacks. By the time we arrived at a popular night club I had two fingers up her cunt and she was humping my hand.

"We will finish this later," I said and she grunted disapproval, her eyes showcasing her desires.

--------------.

SULIMI' S VERSION:

We went to a great place with smooth, romantic music played softly enough to be felt and enjoyed but not so loud it drowned out conversation at the bar. The place had soft green and blue lights, which gave the room a sexy glow. 

The guys told me to sit by myself at the bar while they had a beer out on the balcony; it turns out they wanted to see if single men would hit on me, hoping to get lucky. 

Well, if that's the game they wanted to play, I was game. Yes, kiddo, I am now a sexually free soul. I crossed my legs on the barstool, showing more flesh.

How far did they want to go with this? 

A man in his early thirties --probably a dozen years younger than me- bought me a Margarita and pitched his lines. I showed him some leg, a flash of breast and toyed with my drink, teasing him a little.

I had been talking to him two or three minutes when Alfie and Stud returned.

"What did you say your name was?"

"Frank."

"Frank," I said, waving my arm, "let me introduce you to my husband and my brother in law."

A look of despair came over Frank. The poor guy seemed uncomfortable with the new development. 

"Suli," Stud said, "we booked a private booth and it is ready. Would you like to join us, Frank?"

"Well... I don't..."

"Frank," Stud said, "let me explain the rules of the game. We have taken this lovely lady out for a night of total fun for the three of us. If you want to participate tonight you will be allowed to finger and feel and perhaps --if she really likes you- she will give you a hand job. You will also be allowed to watch us bang her. That's it. Those are the rules."

Frank was speechless, stunned.

"Well?" Stud remarked, expecting an answer.

"This is for real?" he asked me.

"Sure is, kiddo, sure is," I answered, "lets go to that booth and have some fun."

The booth was large, horse shoe shaped and had high cloth curtains that could totally encircle the structure, providing a fair level of privacy while people drank and danced a dozen feet away. Alfie ordered a tray of Margaritas and my second drink of the evening gave me a slight buzz. By the third Margarita, Stud told Frank to feel me up and he did, very well.

Alfie closed the curtain as Frank's hands felt me, probing, pinching, caressing. He kneaded my tits through the flimsy blouse, the nipples hard with his teasing touch. His other hand went between my legs and his fingers touched my mound. 

I hissed like a snake. Allowing the stranger to feel me up while both my men watched was very exciting. One of Frank's fingers moved up and down my slit slowly and I gasped.

"Pull her skirt off, Frank" my husband said.

"Take the top off also," Stud commanded.

It was wild. I stripped naked inside that nightclub booth and the stranger named Frank proceeded to finger fuck me as my husband and brother in law enjoyed the moment of defilement. It was thrilling to be fingered in front of them, to have them watch me, legs open, savoring the lusty deed.

Frank plunged his middle finger deep into my cunt, and I almost came on the spot. I was so turned on; I started fucking his finger, moving my hips as he moved his hand. Two of his fingers toyed with my clit. My back was arched in the booth chair. My legs were wide open and I felt spasms running through my body as two fingers rubbed little circles on my clit. I bit my lips as I climaxed in that booth near the dance floor.

Then came my turn and I stroked his meat. His cock was thick, with a large mushroom head. I took his dick in one hand and stroked back and forth, building up a rhythm, as I whispered in his ear.

"I like playing with your hard cock. I like to be used like a fuck toy, have a man just slam his fat dick into me...oh, you are so hard....My husband is loving this.... Does that turn you on, knowing that my husband and brother in law are watching me give you a hand job? It does... You are very hard."

My fingers were tight around his shaft. I used my fingers to circle and squeeze the cock head. His hips moved, pumping his cock between my fingers as he groaned.

"You are almost there, aren't you kiddo? Come for me baby, now....let the thick cream spurt... let it drip all over my hand...." I said seconds before he moaned deeply and released a full load, most of which dripped on the floor. The hand job had been exciting but also short.

In that booth, enclosed only by a thin curtain, a mere dozen feet away from a dancing crowd, Stud and Alfie took me, using me as Frank watched. Alfie's meat slid into my cunt while Stud's shaft entered my mouth. Even though it was cramped in the booth, Alfie built up a rhythm, his prick hard inside me. My tits were being felt up by Stud as his cock filled my mouth.

I had never been so excited in my life. I could hear the nightclub music flowing through the booth, and Alfie started pumping his meat into me to the sounds of pulsating Afro-Cuban conga drums. I pushed back against his crotch as we moved, cock inside cunt, his full length inside of me, filling me totally. His meaty hands grasped my waist pulling me towards him, jamming his cock deep inside my mound.

"Fuck her mouth," I heard Alfie say, "Treat her like a toy. Ram your dick in her face."

Stud did not need encouragement. His meat filled my mouth and I sucked him happily, licking, chewing, moaning, feeling the warmth of him, the taste of his sweat as he jammed his belly into my face making me whimper in depraved joy, thrilled by the lust of the moment.

It was dirty and depraved and I loved it, relished being taken, fucked, a cock sliding back and forth in my hole while I was mouth fucked hard.

Never in my life had I experienced anything like this, the almost simultaneous orgasm of all three making me rigid for a brief moment as my mouth and cunt were filled with warm cream and I, too, felt an orgasm as I've never thought I'd experience, a tremendous jolt as I bucked back slamming into the hard dick spurting inside me and accepted the load that filled my mouth.
