 Hi, my name's Neal, I'm 28 and my wife, Suzy, is 26. We've been married nearly three years now. We were both High School sweethearts and were going out for quite few years before we decided to tie the knot. While in school in the north , I knew that Suzy was an introvert and it took me a long time to get her to come out of her shell. I on the other hand had quite a few fantasies, even at such a young age. I got Suzy to open up to me and feel that there was nothing to be scared of. Slowly but surely she started to tell me her fantasies and even talked dirty to me in bed. As time went by, she started becoming bolder and bolder, all to my pleasure. Well, after we got married we decided to settle permanently in the south and that is when things took an unexpected turn.

We used to talk of our fantasies often. They included having sex with other couples and singles and stuff like erotic massages and swinging parties. But the thing was that we never decided to act on them. Then, very carefully, I started suggesting that we do and after a while Suzy was game. Suzy was never really sure that she was up to it but I knew that if we took the first step at least that would make her get over her initial skepticism. Anyway, after a lot of searching for the right people and coming up with total creeps, I finally found this naturist resort near where we live. I thought that our first time in front of a bunch of people who are comfortable walking around naked in front of others, would make her feel a little less inhibited. So I took down the details and showed it to my wife. I was quite surprised to see a sly smirk on her face rather than a hesitant look. By luck, the place was an hour's drive from our place so we planned a weekend of fun together and headed off. Being a Friday evening, there were more men than women and this freaked Suzy out a bit so after a lot of discussion, we came back home. I didn't want to push things and scare her off so I backed out but that night we talked for hours about it and decided to give it another try on the Saturday Couples Night. And what a night it was!!!

We entered the place, paid the entry charge and headed off to the changing rooms. We were very casually dressed as we wouldn't need our threads anyway but even then Suzy still got a lot of attention from all the men, young and old and not to forget some women too. I started wondering what would happen when she sheds all. My wife was more comfortable taking her clothes off in front of me in the couple's dressing room rather than in the all women's room and while she was getting ready I could see a few men stealing glances at her with their eyes popping out of their heads. All I did was smile but I didn't tell Suzy that she was being checked out as I knew this would piss her off. Besides I was enjoying the attention she was getting and I was enjoying being the envy of the crowd.

We walked out of the changing rooms with nothing on but our towels. There were about 40 odd men and women, of every age, clad only in towels or nothing at all. We were met by the host who introduced himself and straight away made Suzy feel comfortable. After some pleasantries, he asked the masseuses to show us around the place. She was this gorgeous tanned woman in her early thirties and we both couldn't help staring at her full breasts and fine butt while she walked. I was getting a bit stiff thinking about her but a slight pinch from Suzy woke me right up.

The place was fantastic. It had a massage salon, a heated swimming pool, a very large Jacuzzi that could probably fit about twenty people, a sauna, a bar, a dance floor and a separate building, which had about eleven large rooms called "love shacks". We both knew what they were for and I was happy to see that Suzy had not yet freaked out. I was also glad to notice that she was still continuously getting looks from all around.

After the initial round, we decided to take a dip in the pool. I held Suzy by the hand and comforted her as I knew that this would be the first time she would be naked in front of somebody other than me.

When we both took off our towels, people immediately turned their heads to us. Suzy looked gorgeous as usual. She's 5ft 4inches tall, is really cute and sexy at the same time, has luscious, full and firm 34B breasts with large nipples that point straight out when excited or when she's cold and that night was a bit chilly. She has a good round ass that just begs to be spanked and legs you just want to bury your face between. I am quite handsome too, 5ft 10inches tall with a swimmer's body and a 7inch cock.

We got into the pool and waded around a bit, just checking out the people. There were not many to our liking and as it was still early, we decided to look around for ourselves and try all the facilities that place had to offer. We went into the Jacuzzi for a while and the sauna and shower rooms, all the while being noticed as one of the youngest couple there. It was fun being one of the exclusive.

Suzy wanted to be in the pool a bit longer so I went outside for a smoke. I found a bunch of three women and a black man sitting at a table and I introduced myself. They were very friendly and while we shared a smoke we talked about the usual stuff, where we came from and what we did. I sat next to the most gorgeous of these women who happened to be the wife of the black guy. She wasn't covering herself with her towel very well and she didn't leave anything to the imagination. All the while she was talking, she kept flirting with me. At one point she, Sandra, put her hand on my thigh and when I got an instant hard on she just looked down and smiled. Then she looked up at her husband, Rick, for approval and I could see that he was smiling too. At that point, all I wanted was to grab her and take her to one of those love shacks and feed her my hard cock but I knew that Suzy was waiting for me and if anything were to happen tonight, it would have to be with her approval. So, with a lot of trouble I controlled myself and excused myself to join my wife.

When I got back I saw that a bunch of three guys and two women had just arrived and were headed into the pool. I didn't take much notice till, surprisingly, Suzy pointed out one particular guy to me. When I looked at him, I have to admit that now I was a bit jealous. That guy had a great muscular figure and a nice thick cock with neatly trimmed hair. When he dived into the pool, Suzy let out a gasp and grabbed my cock under the water. When I asked her if she liked what she saw, she just turned around, pushed her already heaving breasts into me, squeezed my cock hard and kissed me for all she was worth. I knew then that her inhibitions had flown out the window and she was ready to explore whatever came her way. Suzy was finally going to be the slut that I always wanted her to be and she was doing it not only for herself but for me too.

We waded around in the pool for a bit and then decided to hit the Jacuzzi. It was pretty interesting what happened next. There was a couple in their late forties, a young couple about our age, Sandra and Rick and the other two girls with them and a bit later two of the girls from the pool entered. The Jacuzzi at the time seemed more like a glass house where you would choose who you like because everyone was eyeing everyone else and getting damn excited about it also. The two girls from the pool were giggling talking about the others and they put on quite a show for all of us too. They both were into some heavy petting and were caressing and nibbling each others tits while their hands were surely up to something more interesting under the water.

The older couple did nothing to hide what they were doing. The woman was straddling the man and he had his cock buried deep inside of her. She was giving me quite a few glances and I had a hard time controlling myself since she was doing it right next to me and each time she would come down on him, her thigh would graze mine a little. I looked at Suzy but she made it pretty clear that she was not interested in someone so much older than us. We both were getting a lot of looks from the young couple but we were still not sure how to approach things as Suzy wanted to go slow and if something would happen that night it was to be initiated by someone else. After a while, the older couple left us and Rick, Sandra and the girls came and sat next to us, Sandra sitting next to me. She tried to get a bit playful with me under the water but I had to ignore what she was doing for Suzy's sake. But we did make some good friends and Suzy spoke to everyone and got to know how normal everyone was in that place and everyone just expected a night of fun, no holes barred!

Well, sensing that the time had come to check out the love shacks, I led Suzy inside to see what was going on. She was a bit embarrassed at first but after the initial shock, she succumbed to all the smell and sounds of sex in that place. We decided to go into one room and the moment we were there, we were actually ripping the towels off each other. I pinned Suzy to the wall and kissed her like crazy. Had she made me go on watching everything for a minute longer I think I would have come just walking around the place. She then pushed me back against the leather mattresses and just went straight for my throbbing cock as if it were a pacifier. Our house is not detached so making love at home is kind of silent more or less but today Suzy just gave way and started moaning loudly with her lips wrapped around my dick. She was insatiable. She quickly let go of me and straddled my face and soon started fucking my tongue. She was grinding herself on my lips and her juices were flowing freely. I pushed her off me with some force, pinned her down on the bed, and rammed into her. She shrieked so loud that I thought she was hurt but she grabbed my butt and pulled me inside her. That was all I needed to keep shoving into her and she kept shouting at the top of her voice to fuck her, to fuck her hard.

I'm sure we were giving quite and earful to everyone in that place and it was exciting for both of us that we had a bit of an audience. After a while I pulled out, replaced my cock with a finger, and started flicking her clitoris with my tongue. I know she likes that and comes every time when I do it. This was no exception. When she came she was even more vocal and I was enjoying every bit of it and so was everyone else I'm sure. I prodded her on, "Come baby, come for me, come real hard, Oh yeah I know you like that, you like it that everyone outside can hear you and everyone's getting hot listening to you come" and then she shuddered for five minutes before she came down to earth. She then got down on all fours and asked me to fuck her from behind. She's always enjoyed that and she knows that with a bit of extra squeeze of her pussy she can make me come in seconds. I was already hard and when I entered her, I knew I wouldn't last long. She kept telling me to fuck her hard and after a few minutes I pulled out of her groaning and spewing my cum all over her sweet little ass. We held each other for a while before telling each other that this was one of the most fantastic fuck sessions we've ever had.

When we walked out of the room, we knew instantly that there were a lot of people listening in to us. But we were not the only ones who had an audience. A couple of doors down, there was an open room with a walkway down the middle and on either side, leather mattresses were strewn which could fit a total of sixteen to eighteen people. And there were quite a few there. The girls from the pool and one of the guys were in the far left corner. Next to them was another young very sexy couple. The girl was straddling her guy facing the other way and looking all over the room and getting even more sexed up by it. Next to them were the young couple from the Jacuzzi and when the girl saw me, she just licked her lips and smiled as if to invite us. I took no heed of it as I wanted to make sure that Suzy was ready for this. On the far right corner were Sandra and Rick and he was kneeling between her legs and giving her a good tongue-lashing by the sounds of it. Her hands were caressing the tits of the elderly woman from the Jacuzzi who was giving her husband quite a blowjob. When I saw him, I was instantly envious of how big he was. He must have been at least nine to ten inches. I pointed it out to Suzy but she just shrugged it off whispering in my ear that mine was just right for her and it fits inside her real snug and she proceeded to put her hand through the opening in my towel and started milking my cock. I kept my eyes drawn to the room and pretended that nothing was happening. I didn't want to draw attention to us just yet and wanted to wait for the right moment.

There was another couple next to us on the right and the guy was entering his girl from behind. Each time he would ram into her, her head would bob forward and it would be inches from my face. She looked up to me and smiled and then she did the same to Suzy. I asked her if she wanted to join in but she wanted to wait a while. Well, we stayed a while and watched and a little later I put a hand behind me and between Suzy's legs and felt her wetness run down her thighs long before I even got to her cunt. That's when I asked her if she wanted to join in and we squeezed into the near right corner and sat down. We shed our towels and Suzy immediately grabbed my dick but her eyes remained glued to the rest of the room. The two couples in front of us were now a foursome. Both girls were sucking one guys cock together while the other guy was fucking one of the girls from behind. When Suzy saw that, she turned around, lay down on the leather, and pulled me down toward her.

We were locked in a 69 and we started going at each other right there in front of everyone else. We were sucking each other for a while when another young couple our age walked in. The girl had the most beautiful skin and she came and sat right next to us. I decided then that this was my chance and I looked up at her and asked her to stay. I guess that was the clue she too needed and she brought one of her hands and started massaging Suzy's thighs. I had to look at her reaction and when I turned around I saw that Suzy was a bit apprehensive as to who else was touching her but when she saw the girl, she reached out and pulled her close. I turned around and now here we are, I'm lying on top of Suzy, entering her and she and this other girl are caressing each others breasts. What a sight, something I only dreamed of. Suzy pulled me close and asked me if I wanted to go down on the girl and when I looked at her I saw the reassuring smile and I just went southward. Now I had two beautiful, wet pussies to feed on and a room full of people watching and joining in. We went wild. I kept alternating between them. Sometimes I would use my tongue on one and finger in the other and sometimes I would finger fuck both at the same time. They too had their hands on each others pussies and wanted a feel of each other. It was great. I kept up the pace for a while before I realized that the other girl was about to come. Suzy sensed it too so we both quickened the pace, Suzy's hand and my tongue and soon we were sending her into a frenzy. Suzy was not far behind and since she gets multiple orgasms, she started shuddering too.

Then it was time to change places and the other girl and I started to give my wife a tongue-lashing she would never forget. Suzy was so excited; she grabbed us by the hair and pushed us down at the same time onto her sensitive clitoris. The girl and I were licking Suzy's cunt at the same time and it was such a turn on to feel her tongue against mine. When I put a finger inside Suzy, she came, grabbing us hard and shivering. I came up close to her and held her tight and she turned toward me and whispered softly between gasps, "Thank you.....now it's your turn." What more could I ask for. I lay down between them and I got my first experience of a double blowjob. It was amazing. To feel two tongues, two sets of hands, two naked beautiful girls trying to make your head spin. Suzy started licking my balls and the other girl was sucking me off. She was pretty good too and kept me at bursting point throughout. Sometimes both of them would have a tongue fight over my cock and while doing that would kiss each other passionately. It was beautiful watching them. When I looked up I saw the girl across from us staring at me again and smiling obviously enjoying the show. I tried to beckon her with my finger but she looked away before I did. It was only later that she told me that I should have tried again as she didn't see me the first time. Anyway, the attention that my wife and the other girl were giving me soon drove me over the edge and I spewed come all over the place. 

The crowd had thinned out and it was getting late so we too decided to leave. We headed out of the Love Shacks with big grins on our faces and everyone who saw us gave an approving smile. It was nice to be watched and acknowledged. We knew that that was the beginning of a very new chapter in our lives and we would have many more experiences to write about in the future. Suzy and I now share a much more open relationship and are even more explicit with each other when it comes to fantasies, most of which we hope to indulge in the near future.