 This is my first submission to Literotica, but hopefully not my last. This story involves MM bi-sex, so please do not read any further if you don't like this. I hope you enjoy reading and welcome your feedback...

*****

I responded to an advert on a swingers website to join a couple the following day. Their advert said, "we're open to suggestions" so I decided to respond. I was excited to receive a response and even more excited to find out that they were both bisexual. We exchanged a few flirty emails and, in one email, I was asked by her if I would 'top' her husband. I explained that I was quite inexperienced, but I was a quick learner and I respond well to being directed what to do (one of my fantasies is being directed/forced bi). We also talked about my love of being on the receiving end of a strap-on and agreed that I should take mine with me when we met. I was incredibly horny all night thinking about the various positions and scenarios that may happen the next day.

The following morning I showered and thoroughly cleaned myself, including giving myself an enema with warm soapy water. I made sure I smelled clean and fresh before I left with my bag of goodies to our arranged meet.

I was right on time and knocked on the door, which was opened by the male of the couple. For the sake of this story I will call him "Steve". I was invited inside the house and shown to the kitchen where his wife, Anne, was sat drinking coffee. She was slim, attractive and curvy. I could see she was wearing a black lacy bra and black stockings and suspenders underneath her white blouse and short black skirt. I was taken by surprise that she was talking to another man (Lee) who had arrived before me. I suddenly realised that I was not the only invited guest and that this was going to be an mmmf meet. I was even more nervous that I was going to have to perform in front of yet another man. The conversation quickly moved on to our previous swinging experience and it quickly became apparent that I was much less experienced than the others.

We were invited upstairs for the fun to begin, led by Anne. Due to my nervousness I had to excuse myself on the way to use the bathroom and I also wanted to make sure that I was properly clean everywhere. When I entered the bedroom Anne was sat on the side of the bed with Steve and Lee already naked, stood in front of her. Anne was stroking Lee's cock whilst sucking Steve. I was immediately aroused by the sight in front of me and struggled to hide the fact that I was already getting hard as I didn't want to seem like a complete novice. Steve saw me enter the room, telling me to strip off and join them. I did as I was told and approached the bed. Anne reached out and started stroking my cock without stopping what she was doing. My cock went from being semi-erect to rock hard within seconds of Anne touching me, mainly because of the highly erotic situation I was now part of.

After a few minutes Anne excused herself and took the opportunity to powder her nose. This left the three men stood side by side, all naked and all with erections. I didn't know what to do next and decided to follow the lead of the other guys as Steve touched Lee's cock, Lee then touched my cock, so I wrapped my hand around Steve's cock and started wanking him in time with the others. We had moved into a bit of a circle and I took this opportunity to have a good look at the other men's dicks and compare to my own. My penis is about 6" in length when erect and of average girth. Steve's dick was about the same size as my own, but we were both over-shadowed by Lee, whose dick was longer (about 8" in length) and much thicker.

Again Steve played the host and took the initiative to move things along. He put his arm over my shoulder and pushed my head towards Lee's cock, telling me to suck him. I bent at the waist and opened my mouth to taste Lee's meaty cock for the first time. I had to open my jaw wide as his cock was thick and I had to remind myself to cover my teeth with my lips, as I was not a very experienced cock-sucker. I continued to slowly wank Steve as I was sucking Lee, really having to think about my technique and what I enjoy when I am receiving a blow-job. Like most men I tried to take as much of his cock in my mouth as possible and kept going until his dick touched the back of my throat, causing me to gag. I gave him my best attempt at a blow job but I wasn't sure how good my best was.

I didn't see Anne come back into the bedroom as I was pre-occupied. She was now stripped, wearing only stockings and suspenders. She said, "He's got over his nerves then" referring to me sucking one cock and wanking another at the same time. Up to this point my eyes had been closed, but I opened them when I heard her talking. She climbed onto the bed, opened her legs and started rubbing her pussy whilst watching the show. I must've hesitated because she said, "Don't stop, that's hot!" I continued to suck and was suddenly really turned on, knowing that I was performing for her pleasure. She spent a few minutes pleasuring herself and watching her husband playing bi with their two guests.

Anne invited us all to join her on the bed and she became the centre of attention. She was led on her back with her legs apart and her pussy lips glistening with her juices. She was neatly shaved with just a landing-strip and her pussy looked tight. Lee didn't need a second invitation and quickly buried his face between Anne's legs, licking her clit and fingering her pussy. Steve knelt beside his wife's head and presented his cock towards her mouth. She took his cock in her hand and switched between wanking and sucking him. I took the opportunity to take in the situation and explore Anne's body. Her breasts were not huge, but they were ample and pert. I ran my hands across her flat stomach and took her nipple in my mouth, gently nibbling and licking to make it hard. Once I had made her left nipple hard I moved my attention to the right nipple, using the same technique to make this one erect also. I was in awe of the situation - to my left was Lee licking Anne's pussy and to my right I had a close-up view of Anne sucking her husband's cock.

With her free hand, Anne reached between my legs and found my hard cock. She pulled me up the bed and I took the hint, adjusting my position so that I was kneeling beside her head, directly opposite her husband. She now had a cock in each hand and guided us both to her mouth, the tips of our dicks touching. I watched intently as she swirled her tongue around both of our helmets and tried to push both dicks into her mouth as much as she could. I was excited watching this woman acting like a slut and I could tell that this wasn't the first time she had played with numerous cocks at once. I love watching a woman with a cock in her mouth, so to see her with two in her mouth was awesome! Like a good host, Steve encouraged his wife to pay extra attention to my dick, pushing the back of her head as my dick went down her throat. He was certainly not gentle with her and I could feel the tip of my dick touching the back of her throat. She was not complaining or gagging, so I guessed that they enjoyed a bit of rough play and I was happy to be the beneficiary.

Up to now I hadn't had the pleasure of sucking Steve's dick. As I leant over Anne, Steve presented his hard dick for me to suck. His cock certainly wasn't as thick as Lee's, so I didn't have to open my jaw as wide, but Steve was more forceful and wasted no time pushing his dick to the back of my throat. I had to support my weight with both arms so I wasn't able to control his thrusting and had to just let him fuck my mouth. Being an inexperienced cock sucker my gag reflex kicked in as I felt his dick touch the back of my throat and my eyes were watering. I think he liked it as he didn't stop and I had to concentrate on trying to control my gagging, whilst trying to breathe and making sure that I didn't use my teeth. I was concentrating so much that it came as a bit of a shock when I felt Anne's finger touch my ass for the first time. She slipped her hand between my legs and touched my rosebud, circling with her finger. I must admit that it felt good as she was still sucking me and I continued sucking Steve. He had a bottle of lubricant and applied a dollop to her finger so she could penetrate me with her finger.

Throughout all of this Lee had been fingering and licking Anne's pussy, bringing her closer and closer to orgasm. Her whole body was writhing with pleasure as her climax built through her body and her muffled moans became louder whilst my cock was deep in her mouth. I could feel her orgasm approaching as she was fingering my ass with increased vigour until she finally came and her body went limp.

We took this as the ideal time for us all to change positions and try something different. Steve invited me to fuck his wife and I gratefully accepted after putting on a condom. Anne was still led on her back and had her legs wide open, waiting to accommodate my cock. Thinking back, it makes me laugh that Lee was trying to be so very helpful by holding Anne's pussy lips open when I first penetrated her pussy and I will always liken it to someone being courteous and holding the door open for me! At first Anne was still coming down from her recent orgasm but soon she was ready to go again and was moving her body in time with my thrusts, her pussy walls clamping on to my cock. I felt that the sex was very animalistic rather than sensual, as there was no kissing between anyone, although one of my hard rules is that I will not kiss another male as it just doesn't turn me on. I could hear the creaking of floorboards and movements around the room, but I was face-down on top of Anne and I couldn't see what the others were doing. As I was fucking her, Anne reached around and spread my ass cheeks. At the same time I felt the bed behind me move and the coldness of more lubricant being squirted onto my asshole. Within a few seconds I felt my ass being penetrated by Steve's cock. I knew that he was wearing a condom as we had all had a serious discussion beforehand about everyone wearing condoms. Immediately my sphincter started to sting as he pushed his cock inside me. I had to stop thrusting and waited for the pain to subside as my ass got used to his cock. After a minute or so the pain changed to pleasure and I started to enjoy the experience as Steve fucked me balls deep. As before Steve was not gentle with me and the sensations were intense as my prostate was stimulated.

Then things got every more kinky. Steve stopped fucking me but kept his dick inside my ass. I looked around to see why he had stopped as I hadn't felt him cum, and he leaned as far forward as he could with his chest curved over my back. I saw Lee kneeling behind Steve and he was slowly pushing his cock into Steve's ass. I was glad that Steve was taking Lee's cock, rather than me, as Lee's cock was longer and thicker than ours and I don't think I could've taken it. As had happened with me, Steve slowly got used to the dick in his ass and his thrusting started to increase in pace again. His movement was more restricted than before, but I used my hips to push back onto his cock on the outward stroke from Anne's pussy. The kinkiness of being in the middle of a fuck-train really stimulated my mind and it wasn't long before I came inside the condom whilst inside Anne's pussy. I was trapped in this position and had to keep taking Steve's cock as my own cock was starting to go limp. I tried my best to keep myself hard and keep fucking Anne, but I was fighting a losing battle. Steve didn't last much longer, his pumping got faster and faster until he groaned loudly and came whilst inside me (inside the condom, of course).

The fuck-train was then disassembled and I used the opportunity to use the bathroom to clean up. Lee was the only one who hadn't cum and our hosts were going to make sure that he did. I walked back into the room to see that Lee had taken off his condom and Anne and Steve were sucking his cock together. Lee was stood up whilst they were both on their knees in front of him, taking turns with one sucking the head as the other licked the shaft and balls. His breathing got heavier as he neared his orgasm and he took over wanking his dick as Anne and Steve waited for him to cum. Their faces were pressed together and mouths open as Lee shot his load and twisted his hips to make sure that they both got their faces covered. I had considered kneeling alongside them to get my face covered too, but I chickened out and just watched instead. Anne used her finger to scoop up the cum around Steve's mouth, then fed him as he sucked her finger clean. They shared a cummy kiss, which was really hot to watch and made my groin start to stir again.

Unfortunately I had to leave as I had to be somewhere to be, but I left the three of them at it. I am sure that Lee would get to fuck Anne and she would love his fat cock. I was a little disappointed that I didn't get spit-roasted by Anne and her husband, as I really love women wearing strap-ons, but the experience I had was even kinkier than I had expected!

Hope you enjoyed reading :-)