 (C) Copyright 2003 by choclit_tai.



My wife Alana and I have had several conversations about being with other people sexually. It was definitely an idea that intrigued both of us. We just needed some common ground that we would both be comfortable with. After months of weighing the pros and cons, we decided to try it out. Now the only problem was where to start.

Although our group of friends had become rather comfortable with one another, with all the women becoming small-scale exhibitionist, we ruled out the idea of getting together with any of them. We didn't want to put any strains on the friendships that we've built over the years.  We also didn't want to necessarily put out an ad on any swingers sites, so we were in a bit of a quandary of how to find the right partners. Then I remembered the writing club where I post my stories and thought of an idea.

A few months back a woman responded to one of my stories, and we created an online friendship. It turned out that she had an open marriage, and we talked about the subject on many occasions. I kept her abreast of the many talks I had with my wife. I told my wife, that my friend and her husband would probably be willing to meet with us, and see how things went.

I mentioned my idea to my friend Tyler and she was all for it. The two of us had written our share of erotic emails to each other, and were eager at the chance to be with one another. The problem was that they lived in Arizona and we were in San Francisco. Alana suggested we meet up somewhere halfway between us. We all decided on Palm Springs.

We made reservations for the upcoming weekend to stay at the Mira Monte Hotel in Palm Springs. All week, we were almost like friends getting the other ready for a big date. We critiqued how the other looked and what outfits to take with us. At the same time it was an extreme turn on. I never thought of myself as one of those men who got off on seeing his wife with another man, but every time Alana started talking about the possibilities of what could happen that weekend, I found myself with a raging erection. Suffice it to say all week long we made love like we hadn't in months.

DAY 1:

Friday afternoon came and we were ready to leave for the airport.  Alana came out dressed in a crème' colored linen sundress that fell to about mid thigh. It was very low cut in the front and back, so it was clear that she wasn't wearing a bra. You didn't need to look too hard to see her large dark areolas through the thin material. She looked absolutely beautiful, and I knew more than just Tyler's husband would be after her. I suppose I should describe my wife. Alana is 5'8", about 150lbs. She has 36D breasts and a small waist. She has large hips and very large ass. The last few months of working out, have really toned up her thighs, although they are still thick. She has long dark brown hair and light brown eyes, with perfect honey colored skin.

Myself, I was dressed in slacks and a short sleeved fitted shirt. I too, have been working out, so I decided on a shirt that would show off my results. I stand 6'3" and weigh 210lbs. I'm medium brown complexion, dark brown eyes. I keep my head shaved close to bald.

The flight to Palm Springs was a short one. Alana and I enjoyed some cocktails on the way to make sure we kept ourselves in good spirits. Not that we needed it because we were genuinely excited about what was in store for us. While on the plane, I kept looking down at Alana's juicy thighs. She caught me staring and asked, "Do you see something you like?"

I told her I was more interested in what wasn't showing, slightly above her hemline.

"Oh, you mean this?" she teased, as she lifted her sundress a bit higher. It was then that I discovered that she wasn't wearing panties. Alana knows the idea of her with no panties on is such a turn on for me, but she very rarely obliges my fantasies.  She saw the shocked expression on my face and leaned over and kissed me. I knew this was going to be a special weekend. Sitting next to my wife and knowing that she was bare underneath that dress, had my cock straining through my pants. I had to let the seat tray down to hide it from the flight attendant. She delivered some more drinks and Alana started playing with an ice cube with her tongue. That was too much for me to take. I reached over, and slid my hand up her dress.  She sunk down in her seat a bit and spread her legs to accommodate me. With my actions shielded by the seat tray, I reached her pussy and found she was clearly just as aroused as I was. She wasted no time grinding forward and forcing my finger into her drenched hole. My finger slid inside her with ease. I began to maneuver my finger in a pulling motion. I made sure I was always in contact with her clit as my finger worked inside her. Within minutes, I felt my wife begin to shiver as her pussy reacted to my touch. She leaned over and kissed me again, telling me she loved me as her climax subsided.  

As the captain announced he would be turning back on the fasten seat belt sign shortly, Alana got up to go to the restroom. As she scooted by me, she whispered for me to meet her in 2 minutes. We were seated towards the rear of the plane and the flight was surprisingly empty for a Friday flight. I waited a few minutes and headed for the restroom in the back of the plane. There was a girl who looked to be in her early twenties sitting in one of the last rows, but she didn't pay any attention to me until I knocked on the door. She spoke up and said, "I think there is a lady in there". Before I could say anything to her Alana opened the door and pulled me inside with her. She sat down on the toilet and started in on my zipper. I was still swollen from fingering her in the seat. My dick sprang out and she took it into her mouth. Time was of the essence, so there was no soft licking or kissing, just hard sucking. As I watched her cheeks contract in and out with her suction, I moaned to her that I wouldn't last long. She stopped and told me she was just warming me up. 

Then she stood up and turned around. She lifted her dress, presenting me with her lovely backside. I grabbed her waist and guided my energized cock into her steaming pussy. I instantly began thrusting up against her soft ass with the same urgency she displayed in sucking my cock. She was slightly bent forward and reached down to stroke her clit. I could feel her fingers rub up against the underside of my shaft. The feeling was amazing and as her manipulations sped up, I felt her pussy spasm on my cock.  I told her my eruption was imminent as well and she quickly turned around and sat back down. She stroked my well-greased shaft, aiming it toward her awaiting mouth.  I held onto the sink as she took me in her mouth as my fluid started to spurt from my engorged head.  She kept sucking until I literally melted in her mouth, then looked up at me and smiled.  She explained that she couldn't go back to her seat with cum running all down her legs. I assured her I wasn't complaining. 

She had managed to clean all of her sticky juices off of me so I zipped up and returned to my seat. As I walked out, I was greeting by the huge grin of the girl in her seat, and the scolding look of the flight attendant asking me to return to my seat.  When my wife returned I asked if the attendant had said anything to her and she said only that the restrooms were made for one. The rest of the flight went by without event.

We had arranged to have adjoining rooms but we arrived before Tyler and Michael. We decided to freshen up. We showered separately as to save something for the rest of the night. Luckily we brought plenty of clothes. Alana applied her make up and put on a dress similar to the one she had on. This one was more appropriate for eveningwear and much tighter than the linen number she had on earlier. It also showed more of her ample breasts. Again she went braless. However, I noticed this time she slid on a black thong underneath.  I expressed my disappointment but she reassured me that she had every intention of removing it later, but didn't was to seem too easy to our new friends. 

We anxiously headed down to the bar. Alana asked how we would know who they were, and I told her that Tyler had described herself to me in an email. She stood slightly taller than Alana at 5'9". She weighed 140lbs with a slender athletic build of 34c-22-34. She was light skinned with short brown hair and light brown eyes. She told me to expect a vision in red.

I spotted them as soon as they entered. Tyler was wearing the tightest pair of red leather pants I've ever seen. They were the kind that sat real low in the hips and she had a belly chain on. Up top she had on a matching red half top. Michael was dressed similar to me in slacks and a shirt. He was my height, but looked to have me by about 15lbs, probably 225lbs. His was shaved bald and he was a bit darker than me. We all introduced ourselves and hugged, all seemingly to approve of what we saw.

We chatted and had dinner with an abundance of drinks. Tyler and I had already covered most of the topics we discussed through our email conversations, but it was a chance for all of us to get acquainted.  After dinner we decided to dance a bit. Of course we took the opportunity to switch partners. Tyler showed me that she had recently gotten her tongue pierced and told me that she'd show me her other piercing later. Once on the dance floor the women seemed to engage a competition of who could dance the nastiest. At one point Michael and I stood still while the two of them gyrated and groped us up in every way imaginable. The real show came when Tyler turned toward Alana to dance with her. Along with Michael and me the rest of the crowd watched as Tyler moved behind my wife and worked her ass. Her hands were in front, cupping and massaging her breasts. I had never seen Alana behave like this and new it was just a teaser was what was to come this weekend. The song ended, and Tyler thanked Alana for the dance by giving her a lingering kiss on the lips. No tongue was involved, but it was very erotic nevertheless. When they broke, I could see Alana's lips pouting, reaching for more. I was confident she would get more later on.

At that point, we decided we had broken the ice enough, and it was time to go back to our rooms. This was the moment of truth and I was ready. And judging by the way Alana moved with Mike on the dance floor, I knew she was too.

We went to Mike and Tyler's room and Mike made us some more drinks. But before I could even take a sip, Tyler pushed me down on the bed and started kissing me. She had told me over email that once she started in on me, I wouldn't care what Mike and Alana were doing. She was off to a good start. As she slid down to unbuckle my pants, I noticed Mike had his head buried between Alana's legs over in the chair across the room. My attention was quickly returned to Tyler, as I felt her pierced tongue teasing my head.  As much as I love oral sex, I can count on one hand the number of women who have actually brought me to orgasm on their own. I had shared that fact with Tyler and she seemed to be content on joining that select group.  Her hand and mouth worked in unison lathering up my shaft with her saliva. I slid in and out of her mouth effortlessly, yet she griped me just tight enough to create that pussy-like friction. The fact that her pierced tongue was tickling my head inside her mouth was just added pleasure.

Without raising my head to look, I heard Alana starting to pant...."Yes, right there.... That's it ... OOOHH". 

This man was about to make my wife cum, a few feet away from me. I wanted to see the expression on her face.  She was obviously enjoying it, but was he better that me?  I had to know. Almost as if she was reading my mind, Tyler increased her pace on my dick, causing me to writhe around like a little kid. Damn she was good and she knew it. She started grunting, slurping, and making noises that were probably unnecessary, but still were turning me on. Then she started flicking her tongue. I could feel her small metal rod rubbing up against the underside of my head and it was driving me crazy.   My balls were tight and needing of relief.  She squeezed tighter, as if coaxing my cum up through my shaft and I started to shoot in her mouth.  Those just made her grunt and moan more as she greedily took my offering.

Time had stood still for me, but not Mike and Alana, because by this point, he was sitting in the chair and Alana was in his lap facing him, giving him the ride of his life. But Tyler was right, because slowly but surely I was less concerned with my wife and more anxious to find out what else Tyler had to offer. I knew if her mouth felt that good, that her pussy would be extraordinary.

I hastily removed the rest of my clothes as I watched her disrobe. She peeled herself out of those pants and removed her top. She had already described herself to me in our emails, but finally getting to see her nude in person was still a treat.  Her tits were round with slight sag, her stomach displayed ripples equaling that of a track star. Her nipples weren't pierced so I had to assume that her clit was. When she spread out on the bed for me, I got my answer. Her pussy was shaved clean with that small patched of curly brown hair above her clit. And there stood the gold rod.  My tongue was like a magnet, because I went straight for it. I poked and prodded it with my tongue, but finally had to taste her sweet nectar. I lapped down to her opening and let my tongue ease inside her. I pride myself on my cunnilingus skills and knowing that Tyler was bisexual, I was prepared to show her every bit of my craft, but she was too hot. Before I could get into my rhythm she was pulling me up, begging for my dick. I was fully recovered by now and aching to feel her insides.

I crawled up onto her, finding time to tastes her breasts on the way. As my cock neared her crotch, she grabbed it and steered in inside her. This woman was hot, literally. Her pussy felt like that warm sensation when the hot water hits you in your morning shower.  I started giving her long, slow strokes, but she wanted to FUCK.  She threw her legs in the air, dug her nails into my ass and started pulling me deep inside her. I caught on quickly and began matching her efforts. I took her ankles in my hands, spreading her wide, and buried myself in her womb. She was egging me on, telling me to fuck her, when I felt Mike and Alana pile on the bed. 

That's when I got my first looked at my wife. Her hair was tussled, make up a little ran, but she still looked beautiful, and well fucked.  She was lying on her back and Mike was about to straddle her face. She mouthed, "I love you", right before she took his flaccid cock in her mouth.  That was a weird moment, but I was knee deep inside another women, so who was I to complain?  I raised Tyler's legs over my shoulders. With that angle, I was putting pressure on her clit. I could feel her rod pressing into me, so I know it must have been doing the same to her clit. Her reaction answered my question as she started bucking and meeting my thrusts. I could feel her climax as her tight pussy narrowed even more around me. I then began to unload inside of her. I noticed that Alana had Mike rock hard now and he was sliding his cock between her tits. 

Tyler got up and led me to the chair that Mike and Alana had been in.  She sat me down, so I figured she was going suck me back to life and treat me to a riding as well. Instead she snapped a cockring on the base of my semi-hard shaft. She kissed me deeply and told me to watch and enjoy. Then she moved back over to the bed with Mike and Alana. Mike placed himself above Alana's head, so she was looking up at him trying to get his dick back in her mouth, when Tyler first touched her. She jumped at first, but didn't put up a fight once she realized what was about to happen.  Tyler kissed up her thighs and slowly made her way to my wife's treasure. In contrast to Tyler, my wife has more public hair, curly and trimmed. Tyler spread my wife's legs wider and began to teasingly lick at her pussy. The cockring that minutes ago sat comfortably around my base was now nearly digging into my skin, as I grew larger with the show.  Mike seeing that Alana's concentration on his cock was fading with each motion of his wife's tongue, finally gave in and sat back to let the girls have at it.  

I'm the one who has been waiting to see something like this all my life, and he had the ringside seat. 'Fuck that', I thought to myself, as I moved over to the bed, content with being a spectator.  I watched closely as Tyler spread her tongue over my wife's honey filled cunt. Tyler had Alana's legs over her shoulders and was gently massaging her thighs. Alana had one had one hand covering her nipples and the other was running her fingers though Tyler's hair. As Tyler centered in on her clit, I soon heard the familiar guttural moan from my wife as she started to cum. It was so surreal not being the one giving her pleasure, but actually sitting there watching it.  

Tyler didn't give Alana much time to recoup, as she reversed her position, straddling her into a 69. Alana shocked me by showing no hesitation at all in tasting her first pussy. She raised her head and eagerly stretched her tongue up to meet Tyler's melting pot. From my angle, all I could see was Alana's chin, steadily being covered with Tyler's juices. Tyler dove back into my wife's cunt and the two started a frenzied session with their moans dueling one another's for the loudest. Tyler won as Alana clamped down on her clit and started humming, sending an acute vibration through her piercing up through her body. Her orgasm was intensified as her husband slipped his cock inside her quivering cunt from behind. Not about to be left out, I jumped over to my wife and pushed inside of her. Her dampened pussy felt good enough, but Tyler awarded me by licking the top of my shaft each time I pulled back. I was enjoying the scene, but the only problem was with the girls still in a 69, Mike and I was facing each other. I was trying not to stare into his eyes as I fucked, so I pulled Tyler up. I was now facing her, and feeling much better.  Mike was still being treated to the feeling of my wife's tongue as he fucked Tyler. I leaned in and began to suck on her breasts for what seemed like the first time. 

Mike was first to cum and buried his seed deep inside his wife. He laid back and I continued to savor Tyler's nipples. Despite the pounding I was putting on Alana, I was no where near climax. Tyler sensing my dilemma reached down and unsnapped the cockring.  Within seconds I felt my load boiling up my shaft. I pulled out of Alana and Tyler started stroking me as I shot all over my wife. Tyler anxiously moved in and cleaned her off with her tongue.

We rested and played and agreed that we would spend the night with the other's partner. Tyler led me back into my room and we got in the shower. I'm sure just as eager as Mike and Alana were to continue exploring our new found friendship.





DAY 2 (Alana's version)

I was awakened this morning with succulent kisses on my breasts. I'm so used to being with my husband that I was almost startled to look down and see Michael. But then a big smile swept across my face. Last night was incredible.  This whole thing was my idea, but I still wasn't sure I could actually stomach seeing Cole with another woman.  I didn't get jealous at all. I know he loves me, as I do him, but this was something we needed. Michael wasn't necessarily a better lover than, Cole, just different. This whole experience is just different, but I'm loving every minute of it.

Michael moved his kisses down to my well-worked pussy.  His tongue was soothing, but soon became more urgent as his desire mounted.  It felt so good but I needed to feel him inside me again. I rolled over and had him lay on his back. I could clearly see his erection but still drew him into my mouth for good measure.  I began coating him, getting it shiny wet. Then I straddled him with my sex teasingly hovering over his tool.  I could see the craving in his eyes. I longed for that look. Last night there was the excitement of being with someone new, anyone would have suited the purpose. I knew he was a swinger, so now I wanted him to want me for me, to need me. I was so turned on that my pussy was dripping on to his dick like caramel syrup onto ice cream. I started to rub my pussy, still hovering over him. His throbbing head was poking at my knuckles. He wanted inside me so badly. When I brought my glazed fingers to my mouth and began to suck on them, well, that must have been too much for him because he grabbed my hips and impaled me with his cock. 
