 Mike climbed over my legs and stretched out on the bed next to me. His breathing slowly returned to normal. I rubbed his chest, teasing his chest hair. He smiled, enjoying my hands playing with them. Mike put his arm around me, pulling me in close for a kiss. It was a gentle yet passionate kiss. I leaned over him for awhile. We chatted more about swinging and some of the funny incidents they’d incurred.

“I don’t know about you, but I’m getting a little thirsty.” Mike exclaimed.

“Me too. My throat’s a little dry. Might be from all the moaning. Ya reckon.” I kidded. 

Mike got up off the bed offering me a hand. I needed to go to the bathroom before doing anything else. Mike waited for me, sitting on the edge of the bed. When I came out, he tossed my panties at me. I caught them in the air with one hand. Mike laughed at the gesture. He ran into the bathroom to clean himself off. I slipped on the panties, not sure if I should get dressed or not. Mike grabbed his briefs, slipping them on quickly. 

“Let’s get that drink shall we?” He said motioning me towards the hallway. We walked down the stairs. I noticed Rick and Sheila weren’t anywhere around. I guessed they were still enjoying each other in another bedroom somewhere. We went over to the bar. Mike poured me a glass of chilled wine, opening a cold beer for himself. Mike spotted Rick and Sheila coming from one of the downstairs bedrooms.

“Well, I’ve got an idea what you two have been up to.” He said smiling.

I looked around as Rick and Sheila approached the bar. Sheila’s hair was a bit of a mess. Rick’s wasn’t much better. Sheila pulled up the barstool next to me. Rick stopped behind me, turning the barstool around. He gave me a long, soft kiss. I could taste pussy on his lips, Sheila’s pussy.

“Everything OK?” Rick whispered.

“Everything’s great!” I replied smiling.

Rick sat on Sheila’s right. Mike opened him a cold beer as he got situated. Sheila sipped on a glass of chilled wine. She put her arm around me and kissed me. I wasn’t startled by her actions, just pleasantly surprised. 

“That husband of yours is a hell of a stud.” She exclaimed. “Love that cock of his!”

“I’m surprised you can even walk with Mike around.” I quickly responded. “He is on the large side, isn’t he?”

Our remarks embarrassed the guys a little. Sheila and I got a good laugh out of it. Sheila reached down and pulled on the front of my panties. She glanced down at my pussy, smiling. She let go of the elastic and slipped her hand down over the front of them. I spread my legs a little bit farther as she massaged my pussy through my panties. I’d never had another girl do that to me. It felt a little strange at first but I certainly enjoyed her hands slowly rubbing me. 

We talked about girls shaving their pussy. I was surprised when Sheila mentioned a few of the girls at work who shaved it clean. I asked her how she knew. She just smiled, saying she’d let me in on a little secret sometime. We finished or drinks, the guys having a second beer.  Sheila whispered something to Rick. They both drifted off the downstairs bedroom leaving Mike and I alone at the bar.

“Sheila’s putting poor Rick through his paces.” Mike joked.

Mike suggested we sit on the couch where we’d be more comfortable. He turned on the television and selected a movie on one of the premium channels. It was one of those soft porn movies, as I refer to them. It was good, lots of bare breasts and trimmed pussies. The guy’s butts were super nice. I had to make mention of that to Mike. My remark got a big laugh from him. Mike put his arm around me and I leaned in to kiss him. My hand at the waistband of his briefs moved down feeling his cock harden. I stroked his cock through the material of his briefs. We never stopped kissing. 

Mike’s tongue licked my lips and then darted into my mouth. I flicked back at it, trapping it in my mouth. I felt my pussy getting wet, really wet. Rubbing his hard cock was turning me on. I was breathing hard.

“Shall we go back up to the bedroom or make use of the couch?” He asked, a big smile on his face.

“Right here, I don’t think I can make it back up the stairs.” I replied breathless.

I stood up and stripped my panties down tossing them on the back of the couch. Mike lifted his butt up off the couch, taking his briefs off. His huge cock pointing up at me, beckoning for my attention. I knelt down in front of him, grasping his fuck shaft in both my hands. I looked up at him smiling. He was grinning, knowing what I was about to do. I kissed the mushroom shaped head of his hard cock, flicking my tongue at it. I put my lips around it and slowly eased it into my mouth. I slid my mouth down as far as I could. I licked the underneath side of his cock feeling it pulsate. I moved my mouth up and down slowly, moving my mouth a little from side to side. Mike’s body tensed as I worked my mouth up and down his cock. I pulled my mouth off his cock and licked all the way down to my hands holding it near the base. I wanted to get it wet so it would slide inside me easier. I licked the shaft and put a lot of saliva on the head of his cock.

“I need you inside me, inside me now.” I exclaimed. 

I straddled Mike’s legs putting my hands on his shoulders. Mike held his cock steady as I slowly lowered myself onto him. When I had the head of his cock inside me, he released it and put his hands on my waist. I closed my eyes, lowering my pussy slowly. I worked his huge cock inside till I had it all the way in. I was almost cumming by the time I was all the way down on him. I moved my butt up and down, humming as I fucked myself. Mike put his hands on my back and pulled my breasts to his lips. He kissed each one, sucking gently on each nipple. He held the nipple with his lips, flicking his tongue back and forth across them. I kept sliding up and down his cock, feeling myself beginning an orgasm. 

I fucked myself faster and harder till I got the orgasm. I moaned loudly feeling myself lose control of my body. Mike pumped his hips as I came. When my orgasm subsided, I lifted myself up till his cock was barely inside me. I sank down on his cock, grinding my ass into Mike’s legs. I pumped up and down on Mike’s cock. He bucked upwards pounding his shaft as hard as he could with me on top of him. He cupped my ass in his huge hands lifting me up and then slamming my pussy down on his cock. I looked down at Mike, his eyes wide open. He pumped on long hard stroke into me, almost throwing me off. I felt his cock shoot a hot load inside me, then another load. His body was arched up off the couch. I had to grasp his shoulders firmly to keep my balance. Mike slowly lowered himself down on the couch, his breathing fast and heavy. I sat on top of him, his cock still hard. I didn’t want to pull off of him. Mike got his breath and smiled up at me. I kissed him hard and passionately. We were totally exhausted.

“Wow! That was one hell of a show.” Sheila exclaimed. 

She and Rick were standing right behind us. Mike and I hadn’t heard them come back into the livingroom. Rick was smiling, rubbing Sheila’s butt. I was a little embarrassed at first but I quickly realized we had put on a damn good show. Mike lifted me off his cock, our cum running out of me and onto the couch. I ran down the hallway to the bathroom, cum running down both my legs.

When I came back to the livingroom, Rick and Sheila were sitting across from Mike. I sat down next to Mike on the couch. Rick and Sheila had their own little thing going. She was stroking Rick’s hard cock slowly, teasing him. She was kissing him hard, her lips grinding into his. Rick was enjoying having Sheila give him her full attention. Mike and I watched them intently. Sheila stopped kissing Rick and moved her lips down to his chest. Rick’s eyes watched her slowly moving her head towards his stiff cock. She put her mouth on it, sliding down his hard rod. Rick’s eyes rolled back, Sheila had him in her control. Her mouth engulfed almost of his cock. I couldn’t believe she could get that far down on him. She moved her mouth slowly up and down his cock, her lips making little slurping sounds. She would stop her mouth before reaching the large head of Rick’s cock. It looked like she was swirling her tongue around or under the head. I squirmed a little on the couch watching the two of them. 

Mike put his arm around my shoulder, reaching down to one of my nipples. He teased it with his fingers, tweaking and rolling it between his large fingers. I kept focus on Sheila’s mouth as it slid up and down Rick’s hard cock. He was gripping the arm of the couch firmly. He was in ecstasy. Sheila moved her mouth up and down faster and faster. Rick’s eyes opened wide, knowing he wasn’t going to be able to hold off much longer. I was squirming more. Watching Sheila suck cock was a turn-on for me. Rick jerked as his cock shot a load into Sheila’s mouth. Sheila kept her mouth clamped on his cock as he shot another load. The sounds of Sheila gulping it all down almost made me get off. My pussy twinged just from watching Sheila suck him dry. She took her mouth off Rick’s cock and gave him a deep kiss, her tongue swirling in his mouth.

“She loves to suck cock…………almost as much as she loves to suck pussy.” Mike stated. 

I was still transfixed on Rick’s cock glistening with Sheila’s saliva. It took awhile before I realized what Mike had said. I smiled at Mike, his fingers still playing with my hardened nipples. 

“Really, she likes women too!” I asked surprised.

Mike didn’t say anything, just grinned and nodded his head. I looked back towards the two of them. Rick and Sheila were still kissing; Rick’s cock was relaxed.

Rick and I left Mike and Sheila’s about 2:00am. We talked about what had happened on the drive home. We both had some good experiences to relate to each other. I could tell Rick was sold on the idea of getting into the swinging lifestyle. So was I. We both expressed hope in meeting other couples but felt we should follow Mike and Sheila’s advice. I’m sure the four of us would grow to be great friends, socially and sexually.

Rick and I slept till late Sunday morning. We made love till the middle of the afternoon. It seemed different between us now that we’d experienced sex with other people. We wore each other out, my pussy was sore from being fucked so much………..and so hard.

Monday morning Rick drove me to work dropping me off in front of the office building. I watched him drive out of the parking lot heading for his job. Sheila was pulling her car into a parking space across from where I stood. I decided to wait on her.

“Hey there!” Sheila shouted. “How are you?”

“Great, you?” I replied.

Sheila smiled a little evil grin; I knew what she was thinking. We walked into the building together towards our respective offices.

“Lunch today?” She asked.

I agreed, anxious for the two of us to chat about Saturday evening’s activities. Monday morning was pretty typical, long and boring. Some of the people in the office were grouchy thinking about the long week ahead. Sheila stopped by my office and motioned to me it was lunchtime. We went to our favorite café and placed our order. 

“Mike and I are thinking about having a party in a couple of weeks, maybe five or six other couples.” She informed me. “How about you and Rick helping us out?”

“Sure. We’d love to help out.” I quickly responded. 

“It’ll give you and Rick the chance to meet some other couples socially……….. And sexually” She added.

The thought of possibly having sex with someone I’d just met made me squirm a little in my chair. My face got a little flushed as Sheila’s remark sank in. We discussed plans for the party. It sounded like it could be a little expensive. I offered to help pay for the food and drinks so Mike and Sheila wouldn’t have to bear the brunt of the costs. 

“If you really want to help out money-wise, that would be fine with Mike and I.” Sheila stated. “Parties can get a little costly at times.”

We were served our food and ate, not saying much. We discussed work a little, that was about it. The rest of the week was pretty normal, not exciting happened. Rick and I made love almost every night, which was a lot more frequent than normal.

At lunch Friday, Sheila suggested we go shopping on Saturday. It had been awhile since I’d gone shopping with anyone except Rick. Rick hated the malls, all that walking and carrying shopping bags wasn’t his idea of a good time. I gladly agreed to go shopping.

Friday evening Mike called Rick and asked him if he’d care to go to a ballgame with him Saturday afternoon. Rick accepted Mike’s invitation without hesitation. Rick and I drove into town arriving at Mike and Sheila’s shortly after 12:00pm. Mike suggested he and Rick take their car. Sheila and I headed out towards the mall in our car.

We walked all through the mall, stopping in a few stores. We hit one of the leather good stores. Sheila and I both bought leather skirts. Mike liked leather and so did Rick. I tried on a pair of leather pants, they fit great but they were pricey. I both them anyway, treating myself. We strolled down the mall stopping in a lingerie store. We must have looked at everything they had, spending at least an hour in the store. We purchased quite a few items, panties, bras, sleepwear and nylons. We both bought thong bikinis, mostly for the fun of it. Our hands were full carrying the shopping bags, not having our husbands to assist us. Sheila made the remark that Mike probably came up with the ballgame idea just to get out of going shopping with us. I agreed, it sounded like a good excuse not to accompany us.

We headed for the food court in the mall, both of us starved. We got hot pizza at one of the restaurants and found an empty table. We ate and watched some of the other shoppers strolling by. A couple of guys at a table nearby kept watching us. I hadn’t noticed them but Sheila had.

“Think those two over there might want to fuck us?” She joked pointing her eyes towards them.

I glanced over at the two men. It was a quick glance. 

“Wonder where their wives are? Bet they’re somewhere in the mall.” I suggested.

We were done with our shopping so we decided to head back to Sheila’s. On the drive home, Sheila’s cell phone rang. It was Mike phoning her. He and Rick were still at the ballgame. They decided they wanted to hit one of the topless bars after the game. They’d be home later. It was OK with us, it’s just a “guy thing”, going to the topless bars and tucking money in the girl’s g-strings.

We got back to Sheila late in the afternoon. I helped Sheila carry in her packages, leaving mine in the car. We’d had a good day at the mall by the looks of all the shopping bags we filled. 

“Diane, how about something cold to drink?” Sheila asked.

“Sounds like a good idea!” I replied.

We walked over to the bar and Sheila poured us two glasses of chilled wine. It really hit the spot. We laughed about the guys going to the topless bar and how much we figured the girls were making off all their customers. Sheila cupped her breasts, kidding she should quit her job and go into the dancing business. I told her with my small breasts, I doubted I’d last a day. We both laughed at the idea of working topless.

Sheila and I shared another glass of wine, it was relaxing. My legs were a little tired from all the walking we’d done at the mall. The effects of the wine were making me a little sleepy. We decided one of the couches would be a lot more comfortable than the barstools so we went out into the livingroom. I sat down on the couch, Sheila sat next to me. I sat my glass on the end table and leaned back on the couch. The memory of the last time I sat here came into mind. I’d fucked Mike, cowgirl style, on this couch. I smiled a bit as I remembered the experience. She noticed me smiling.

“What are you smiling so coyly about?” She asked, smiling.

“Oh………..nothing.” I answered.

I was barely able to keep from grinning. I think Sheila finally figured out what I was smiling about. I picked up my glass and wine and took a sip. Sheila reached up and unbuttoned the top button on my blouse.

“You look a little warm.” She said.

I was a little warm, figuring it was the wine’s soothing effect. Sheila unbuttoned the next button and then the next. I looked down at her fingers working each button. I didn’t make any gesture to stop her, I just watched her fingers. She finally got to the last button above the waistband of my slacks and undid the button. She spread my blouse open gazing at my bra. I looked over at her. She was staring at my breasts. Sheila’s hand moved slowly up my tummy till it cupped one of my breasts. She massaged it through the bra. I felt my breath quicken. It was the first time another woman had ever touched me like that. Her hands felt wonderful massaging me. Sheila moved her eyes from my breasts, looking me in the face. I saw her smile as she continued her fondling and massaging. I closed my eyes, feeling my nipples reacting to her stimulations. I moaned softly letting her take control of my body. 

“Sheila, lean forward a little.” She whispered.

I leaned forward and Sheila pulled the blouse off my shoulders and down my arms. She placed it on the back of the couch. I leaned back on the couch. Sheila’s mouth hovered over mine. She kissed me softly on the lips. I felt myself returning her kiss. She flicked her tongue out licking my lips side to side. My tongue darted out to meet hers. Our tongues stabbed at each other. Sheila pulled away slightly looking down at my breasts. My bra had the clasp on the front. Sheila’s fingers popped the clasp and the bra sprang open. My breasts bared. Sheila put her left hand on my shoulder; her right hand pushed my bra back. She cupped my left breasts, fondling then gently squeezing. My sensitive nipples were hard. Sheila flicked her thumb over my nipple causing me to gasp. She teased it till I quivered. Her hand worked my other breasts, playing with the nipple, tweaking it between her fingers. She pulled on it slightly. I moaned deep as she worked my body. I felt her mouth kissing my breasts, sucking gently on each nipple. She pulled on one nipple, stretching it. Sheila flicked her tongue on it while she held it. I shrieked as a chill shook my body. Sheila had me breathing hard and fast. She took her hand from my breasts and moved it down over my tummy, rubbing it gently.

“Why don’t we go upstairs where we can be more comfortable?” She asked.

I nodded my head, unable to speak. I got up from the couch, slipping my bra the rest of the way off, leaving it on the couch. We walked up the stairs and down the hallway to one of the bedrooms. I walked over by the bed and stood watching Sheila remove her clothes. I stared as she stripped down to her thong panties. Her breasts were beautiful, larger than mine. Sheila cupped her breasts, massaging them. She walked over to me and we kissed. Our lips grinding against each other as our breasts touched. Sheila unbuckled the belt on my slack and pulled the zipper down. She knelt down in front of me, pulling my slacks down my legs. I kicked my shoes off as she pulled my slacks all the way off. She tossed them on a nearby chair. She kissed my panties, then rose from her kneeling position, running her hands slowly up my legs. I closed my eyes as her hands ran over my body. Her hand slipped between my legs parting them a little. Her fingers played with my pussy till my panties were wet. I was a little unsteady, my legs were shaking. Sheila stopped playing with my pussy. She pulled on the elastic waistband of my panties, tugging them down over my hips. They fell around my ankles. I stepped out of them. Sheila pulled the comforter off the bed, throwing it in a pile. We climbed on the bed and made ourselves comfortable. I lay on my back, Sheila stretched out on her side next to me. 
