 As with the majority of my stories they are true and although the names have been changed.



Several weeks had passed since I had been invited to play with the couple called dutifullydiscreet and in that time I had continued to use the website and in that time I had begun to make some new friends, helped in no small part by a very favorable review from dutifullydiscreet. This had had the effect of opening up some new paths that I hadn't considered, but despite this I hadn't actually been out to play since. On occasion I had chatted to dutifullydiscreet on instant messenger a few times when we had been online at the same time, but the subject of further contact had not arisen, so I was somewhat surprised when logging on one Tuesday evening I found a message from them.

The message asked me to log on at a specific time that evening if I could as they wanted to ask me about something, I replied that I would be online as requested and began to wonder what this was all about. That evening I logged onto the site and waited for dutifullydiscreet to join me, which they did a few minutes later. From the way the exchange went I guessed that it was Joanna I was speaking to but that Christian had a hand in what was being said. In a nutshell the couple pointed out that they did not play separately which I knew, but on this occasion Christian would not be present but another would and was I prepared to join in?

I said yes I would provisionally but I needed some more info than what they given me to that point.

Who would be? Where would Christian be? And why the change were my main questions. The response came from whom I now knew was Joanna. Joanna had a friend who's needs were not being attended to, a friend with who she was very close and she had suggested to that friend that she indulge in a little sexual adventure and that friend had agreed with one condition, that it wasn't Christian who would be the provider. This left Joanna in a bit of a pickle until she had suggested to Christian that she contact me and ask me if I was prepared to play. Joanna had managed to convince Christian that her friend would be mortally embarrassed playing with those two as she would have to face him again on other occasions, but since her friend would be present and be the main beneficiary, technically Joanna would not be playing alone and there would be little need for Christian to be present. Reluctantly Christian had agreed and given his blessing to Joanna to contact me. I was intrigued and a little flattered by the idea so I agreed I would play the role of sexy toy for Joanna's frustrated friend, but on one condition I wanted a photo of her friend before a final yes was given. Joanna agreed and told me she would contact me in a day or so to arrange.

The following afternoon while at my desk my blackberry chimed with a private e-mail when I opened it told me that I had received a message on my web account, logging in on my laptop I opened the message, it was headed This should whet your appetite and it contained two attached pictures, the first entitled ME and the second MY FRIEND

I was stunned, true to her word Joanna had sent a picture the one of herself in the doggie position with her pussy on show and the other of her friend at which I stared at for several minutes wondering if what I saw before me was a joke, her friend who looked like that and not getting any? She was laying on the floor in just her knickers and a cropped top, I was as puzzled as I was excited. Beneath the text of the mail invited me to join them at the house on the following Monday at eight and to confirm that I could make it, clicking the reply button I typed three words, I'll be there.

I had taken a few days off from work to have a break and catch up on all of the things you never have time to do, getting the cars serviced, minor jobs on the beach house and getting some additional satellite TV points in the retreat, so as usual time passed very quickly and before I knew it Monday afternoon had arrived, it was a filthy day the rain swept down in incessant streams all day, at just after six in the afternoon I received another notification from the website, I logged on fully expecting it to be a cancellation from Joanna, instead I got a close up picture of a bare pussy framed by a crotch-less fishnet body stocking. Underneath the caption read:

She won't let me touch it, but you can fuck it later

How do you want her? Tied to the bed? Bent over a table?

I've told her you are going to fuck her senseless 

and she is going to enjoy it, but if she comes 

three times she has to let me lick her pussy.

Don't let me down. J

My excitement not to mention my hard on rose tenfold, roll on eight o'clock. Having experienced Joanna before I had learned a thing or two, first up I went commando under my jeans no need for items I wouldn't need, then I just slipped a zip up jacket over my bare torso and just a pair of slip on's and headed for the play house. I arrived at five minutes to eight and rang the doorbell, Joanna answered in less than ten seconds wearing a three quarter length white bathrobe and a pair of black strappy heels with a buckle fastener around the top of her ankle. She invited me in and closed the door and showed me into the lounge, I left my shoes at the door before taking a seat on one of the Sofa's. Joanna sat on the opposite sofa and crossed her legs and the robe fell open as she deliberately gave me a show of her legs.

Luke, thank you for coming and agreeing to play in this way.



No problem

I replied

So what is the plan for the evening Joanna?

Well, there are some rules for the evening as far as Ava is concerned

Ok!

I nodded

She is nervous so treat her well, she wants a good seeing to but you must not be

Too rough with her, I have told her that you will fuck her anyway she wishes and as

Many times as she wants but you are to leave no marks that her husband may see.

Husband? I am assuming he does not know this is happening

Yes husband, and no he doesn't, does this bother you?

Not in the least

Good, and lastly two things, you must not come in her and if she asks you to stop

I will stop straight away. Are we to play as well Joanna?

Joanna smile and nodded her head and stood up and walked over to me, she took my hand and led me through the kitchen to an area with a couple of leather sofas, as we walked she explained to me that Ava was in the chill out room next door and that she wanted me ready to go when I walked in and as hard as nails. For her part Ava was at this very moment making sure she was ready. By this I inferred that Ava was in the next room getting her pussy wet in readiness. We stopped next to a small counter and Joanna turned to me

How do you propose we make you ready Luke, I mean getting you all hard? Would the prospect

Of fucking me do it?

Joanna dropped the bathrobe to the floor leaving her naked apart from her shoes and a diamante belly chain around her waist, she turned away, with her feet apart she bent forward sliding her hands down the front of her legs until she grabbed her ankles. She revealed to me a disc between her arse cheeks made up of ruby coloured stones about an inch in diameter which was clearly one end of a butt plug and her cleft with it's pale pink lips spread and already wet. My jacket and jeans were off in seconds and my erection standing proud in the same time, moved forward and placed my left hand on her left hip, with my right I guided my cock to the gap between her pouting pussy lips and with one smooth movement slipped inside her.

I heard Joanna gasp as I entered her, she was tight still and just as before only the first five inches of my manhood went in, sure she could do better than that I slipped halfway out and then back in. I could feel her tunnel stretching as I pushed deeper and once again Joanna cried allowed as her love box was filled from behind. This time all of my seven were lodged inside her and her juice began to flow more freely than ever before.

Oh Luke you are so ready, ah, yes you are

Joanna gasped as she uncurled herself, her motion pushing my cock out of her as she rose. Once fully out she took me by the arm and led me to the chill out room where Ava was waiting. The room was lit only by about a dozen candles and we found Ava laying over a coffee table her head was back over one end and her legs bent with her feet up on the nearest end with her bare pussy facing the door. She was clad only in the crotch less fishnet body stocking from the picture, her breasts were generous and her dark nipples sat atop small aureoles in marked contrast to her tan skin. Ava didn't register our presence as she was lost in a world of pleasure of her own making as her right hand worked a small bullet vibrator over her clit.

Joanna let go of me and motioned for me to kneel between her spread legs, as I did so Joanna squatted down at her head, she gently took hold of the hand that was controlling the bullet and whispered to her

It's time, he's here are you ready?

Yes

Ava replied without raising her head. Joanna nodded to me and I placed the head of my cock still covered in Joanna's slick juices between her dark lips, even in the low light the pink of her pussy walls was clearly visible and showing me the way. I heard Ava mumble something as my large purple helmet spread her lower lips

He's at your door Ava, isn't he?

Ava simply nodded with her head still back, I put my hands on the side of the table to steady myself and pushed forward, at first Ava's quim resisted entry but then it gave way and my end was inside her, Ava took a sharp intake of breath and Joanna spoke to her again

He's going to fill you now as he did me, give your pussy what it needs so badly

Joanna whispered to her friend as I began to push further inside Ava, in doing so Ava raised her head for the first time as my cock began to part her tunnel walls inch by inch and spreading her opening wider as the girth going in increased.

Oooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

Was all Ava could manage before her head fell backwards as her hips rose to make my passage into her easier. I had reached the limit of her pussy tunnel for the first time

Does that feel good darling? I bet it feels so good. Are you full to bursting with his cock darling?

Tell him what you want from him

Joanna whispered to her friend again

F, fuck me, tell him to fuck me pleeeaassseeeee, oh

Ava replied to Joanna in a soft voice before Joanna nodded to me again as if to give me the go ahead. Making myself comfortable I assumed a sort of push up position with my feet taking some of the weight off my arms and began a slow steady fucking pistoning motion out and back into Ava, filling her lovely and barely used love tunnel with every stroke, conscious of the what Joanna had told me about not being rough with her. Ava's cries of pleasure began to fill the room as our motion increased and almost with out warning she came, letting out a long cry of oooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh as she did so, a warm coating of her lady cum covering my rod. Joanna mouthed to me that was one orgasm that Ava had already enjoyed and motioned for me to continue as she lent forward and clamped her mouth onto Ava's left breast and began to suck her nipple. Ava cried out a half baked no and I checked with Joanna if I should stop but she shook her head and carried on, within thirty seconds Ava's second pinnacle was achieved again accompanied by a long cry. Ava's pussy was beginning to get sloppy with all the juice seeping from it and it made my passage back and forth much easier, my arms were killing me so I withdrew briefly and knelt again, I wrapped my arms around and under Ava's thighs and pulled her gently closer to the edge of the table, with her arse hanging over the edge the angle of my entry to her slot increased. Ava had easily taken all of me unlike Joanna who had struggled but she had not gone for the whole rampant fucking thing.

Is he making you cum rivers Ava, stretching you inside, is he making your ache for more

If you come again I get to lick your pussy and you don't want that do you?

Ava shook her head, but Joanna continued

You want him to continue fucking you don't you, but if he does you'll come again

, tell me what you want my sweet, tell me

I want, him, to fuck me hard, tell him not to, aaahhhh, stop

With Ava much closer to me on the table I saw her face for the first time, her long chestnut hair framed a very pretty face with dark brown doe eyes and high cheek bones it was safe to say that Ava was a work of art, and a very sexy one at that. For the first time I re-entered her slot with some vigour causing to moan aloud as if all the air had drained from her lungs. The upward angle of my staff now brush the whole length of the roof of her quim stimulating it causing Ava to begin to ride my staff and with that motion going on it was touch and go who was going to cum first.

By now both Ava and I were lost in our fuck. Both moaning gasping and grunting, there was no escaping the fact that I was going to shoot my load into Ava but the rules said no, the end of my cock was burning but Ava beat me to it, her long cry announced her orgasm and a release of love oil oozed from her delicate flower. Immediately I slipped from her dragging strings of her pussy juice attached to my cock. Joanna had been watching as we fucked and had realised how close I was to coming and she had moved to my side and as her friend regained some composure she spoke again

Why don't you watch and see what you are missing Ava, I'll show you how to take cum

Joanna crawled onto all fours next to me, offering me her from behind which seemed to be her favourite position, turning I nudged my end up against the slot and slid myself into her, again it took my first five inches to fill Joanna's pussy a combination of her wet quim and my cock covered in Ava's juices made my thrust easy. Joanna groaned in approval as her pussy was stuffed to the hilt, as previously she adjusted herself for comfort before my second strike filled her, by the fifth her love box had stretched and spread to take all of me, without warning Joanna lowered her face to the floor leaving her arse still stuffed with the butt plug high in the air.

As I drove into her I could feel my helmet rubbing against the plug through the separating membrane within her, this had the effect of sending shivers through my helmet. I had been ready to cum in Ava only a minute or so before and this new sensation was hastening my climax. Joanna sensed me about to explode and in between thrusts mouthed encouragement for me to fill her with my seed. As before this tipped me over the edge and with one long thrust my cock crashed into Joanna's cervix and sprayed it with a healthy coating of my spunk. I had barely finished emptying my balls into Joanna and she reached back and began to ease me out of her pussy, she took care to milk any remaining cum into her before releasing me completely. Joanna covered her slot with her hand and rocked back onto her heels, she stood briefly to turn towards Ava who was now perched on the end of the coffee table, Joanna squatted down in front of Ava and opened her legs as far as they would go giving Ava a front on view of her own nakedness, removing her hand from under her own quim revealed it to be spread wide open

Ooooo look what Luke has given me, cum, loads of lovely cum

Joanna whispered to Ava at the same time she used two fingers to spread herself wider and globules of my semen oozed from her open pussy and began slowly to drip onto the rug beneath her. Ava stared transfixed at the sight of her friend's pussy leaking cum from the cock that she had taken less than five minutes ago. Virtually for the first time that evening Ava spoke her voice velvet soft and rich

Joanna you are so naughty, my god it's pouring out of you

Yes it is and it means that you can keep fucking Luke for longer without him coming in you

But before then you have a treat for me don't you

Joanna, no I'm not a lesbian

Neither am I but you came three times

Joanna exclaimed as she stood taking Ava's hand the pulled her up from the table and led her from the chill out room back to the sofa area, I remained where I was watching the two women make their way out, the stunning Ava in her fish net body stocking and Joanna in her heels and belly chain which glinted in the candle light. Carefully I rolled my foreskin up over my end and got off my knee's, as I approached the doorway I could hear Ava asking Joanna not to go through with her intended action, as I arrived in the door way I could see Ava sitting low on one of the leather couches, Joanna was kneeling on the floor holding her legs apart, Ava was still protesting as Joanna leaned forward taste her friend's dark flower for the first time.

Ava winced and shivered at the same time at Joanna's touch, she looked at me in a way that said stop her, but Ava's dark doe eyes closed and her head rolled as Joanna worked her oral magic on her friends wet and sensitive slot. Transfixed I stood watching as Ava unconsciously began to circle her erect nipples with her forefingers, which were poking through two of the spaces flimsy material of her body stocking and having been on the other end of Joanna's oral skills I could only imagine the amount of electricity that was flowing through Ava's soft dark lower lips and clitty. Ava let out a cry and Joanna purred her approval as she stimulated her closest friends most intimate area. Even though I had just shot my load into Joanna I was getting hard again and I wanted a better view of the scene before me. I walked over and stood behind Joanna, I could see the she was holding Ava's legs apart with the palms of her hands and she was lapping at her clit in long deliberate strokes. I traced my finger down Joanna's back from her neck to her waist causing her to wriggle, then over the belly chain and down between her arse cheeks, taking care only to give a feather light touch until I came to the ruby red end of the butt plug.

Without stopping what she was doing Joanna let you a sharp breath as my index finger travelled around it's circumference barely making contact with her skin. Ava, eyes closed was blissfully unaware of what was happening in front of her as her next climax approached courtesy of her friend. Using two fingers and a thumb I gently pulled at the base of the plug revealing a brass coloured neck. Joanna yelped as her rear entrance began expand as the widening prong of the plug was withdrawn. I judged the plugs widest point to be about an inch in diameter and I held it in place spreading Joanna's anus. The plug also had small rounded diamante's embossed into it's surface to give it a slightly more uneven feel, but it's progress out was made easy by the massive amounts of lube that Joanna had applied to it to ease it into her earlier that evening.

Instinctively Joanna know what was coming and she stopped her oral assault on Ava's quim which was sopping wet with a mixture of juice and saliva just long enough to speak



He's going to take my arse Ava, he's going to....hmmm

I had pulled the remaining length of plug from Joanna's rear and dropped it onto the floor, as I moved to be able to enter her arse I ran my index finger around the rim of her tunnel, which was still open from the plug. My helmet made contact with her rear door just as Ava reached her climax with her characteristic cry and electricity wracked her body from her first woman on woman orgasm. As Ava's peak receded I pressed my rod into Joanna's arse for the first time, Joanna's head shot backwards crying aloud as I slowly stuffed her rear

I can't take it all Luke, it's too big, pppllleeeaaseeee

Joanna yelped, I was barely half way in when I stopped allowing Joanna's body to get used to being invaded in the rear. Ava had regained enough of her senses to look down at her friend
