 Mike's armed encircled my waist as he guided me towards the stairs to the upper level bedrooms. I felt a touch of apprehension but tingled at the thought of going to bed with Mike. He was so damn good looking, sort of felt he was the guy who'd be the first one I'd ever fuck other than Rick.

We glided up the stairway, Mike's arm still around my waist. I leaned into him to steady myself, still feeling the effects of the wine and the small orgasm he'd given me. Mike headed us for the last bedroom down the hallway. It was enormous, a large bed in the center of the room with a skylight directly over it. One wall was all mirrored which contributed to the room looking bigger. The night was clear; the room was lit by the clear night sky flooded with stars. Mike turned on some accent lighting that surrounded the walls and bathed the room with a warm glow.

Mike took me in his arms. "Are you comfortable with this?" He asked.

I put my arms around his neck and gave him a deep passionate kiss, full on the lips, as my answer.

Mike began unbuttoning my blouse slowly and without pausing between buttons.

"Hope you won't be disappointed. I'm not big breasted like Sheila"

"I'm never, ever disappointed" Mike replied.

Mike pulled the blouse from the waistband of my skirt, slipped it off my shoulders and down my arms. He tossed in onto a nearby chair. Mike kissed me on the lips and down my neck. I actually rose up on my tiptoes so he could get a better position on me. He walked around behind me, his hands tracing my waist. He found the button and zipper to my black leather skirt and slowly pulled it down exposing my panties. I'd worn my best white bra and panties. The skirt dropped to the floor and I stepped out of it. Mike tossed it on the chair where he'd put my blouse. 

Mike, still standing behind me, began kissing the back of my neck and using his tongue to trace small circle. My neck is especially sensitive and it drove me crazy with his lips there. I felt my bra being unfastened and my hands went to cover my almost bared breasts. Mike pulled my hands down along with the front of my bra. We were standing directly in front of the mirror. I could see he was smiling as he gazed at my vision in the mirrored wall. I just had my panties on and Mike's hand was making his way down to them. One hand cupped my left breasts while the other hand slowly rubbed the front of my panties. I closed my eyes and leaned back into him, feeling so out of control. Mike nibbled my neck sending chills down my back. His right hand had slipped into the front of my panties, slowly massaging my pussy. I could feel the huge bulge through his dress slacks pushing against my pantied covered ass. I trim the hair on my pussy to a small v-shape and he commented on how soft my pubic hair was.

"Your pussy hair is so soft, like cotton. Not course like some," He said. 

I briefly wondered how many different pubic regions he'd explored. As long as he was happy with mine, that's all I really cared about at the moment. Mike motioned me over to the bed.

"Why don't you stretch out and make yourself comfortable"

The enormous bed was so high I had to literally climb up on it. I lay on my back placing a large pillow under my head. Mike began taking off his clothes starting with his shirt and socks. I couldn't wait to see him take off his slacks so I could get a better view of the large bulge I'd felt pressing into me. Mike wore black briefs, which I thought were so damn sexy. Mike had a great body, large upper chest, broad shoulders, a very slim waist and muscular legs. He definitely stayed in shape working as a contractor. I could tell he did a lot of the labor himself from his very muscular arms.

Mike climbed up on bed beside me and put his arm around my waist pulling us close together. He looked into my eyes, slowly and passionately kissed me, slipping his tongue inside my lips. I felt I was entering another world, a world I couldn't wait for.

"I'll take it slow and easy. If you want me to stop, just say so. I won't push it any farther." Mike informed me.

"OK" 

I could barely get the words out, knowing I wasn't going to stop him until he made good on his statement about giving me the best fuck I'd ever had.

Mike's kisses were long, soft and passionate. His large right hand gently fondled my breasts, his fingers flicking my nipples till they were erect. All I could do was put my arms around his broad shoulders, grip him tight and return his deep kisses.

Mike cupped each breast and flicked his thick tongue over each one, slowly and gently suckling on each nipple. He gently pulled on them with his taut lips. My nipples are extremely sensitive and I gasped as he tugged and sucked on each one. Mike's right hand was massaging my pussy through the fabric of my damp panties. I let him slowly part my legs allowing him to get his hand down between them. His fingers traced around the area of my pussy lips. I could feel my juices start to flow, soaking my panties.

Mike slowly and deliberately traced his tongue down between my breasts towards my tummy. He paused briefly at my belly button tracing a wet streak around it and probed it with his hard tongue. It tickled a bit and I jumped when his tongue did little stabbing gestures at it. Mike's hand stroked down my right leg pulling it up till my knee was bent. He slowly stroked it up and down.

"Time to get a good look at heaven, Babe," He said reaching for the elastic band of my panties. I lifted my hips up off the bed in anticipation. Mike pulled my panties slowly down my legs till they were around my ankles. He took them off and tossed them across the room towards the chair. They feel short and hit the floor.

"Damn, I hardly ever miss that one," He kidded. We both got a good laugh at it. 

Mike smiled at me as he gazed down at my trimmed pussy. He knelt between my legs and I could see the large bulge in his briefs had grown even larger. I wondered in my mind just how big he really was. His hands traced down my thighs from my knees to my pussy. He took two fingers and slowly spread my pussy lips open. 

I thought, "Oh God, he's the first guy other than Rick who's ever seen me like this." 

I felt slightly embarrassed but his fingers made me almost cum right then. He traced around my pussy teasing it and making me buck slightly, pressing down on his finger. He knew how to get me aroused. The look in my eyes must have signaled him to proceed; I wasn't going to say, "stop". No way was I going to mutter that word.

Mike's large middle finger entered my pussy sinking it all the way in. I arched my back, spreading my legs so I could lift my butt up in the air. He sawed his finger in and out, slowly and with little twisting motions. I gasped when his hand would deliberately brush across my excited clitoris. I kept pushing down on his hand to make his finger drive in as deep as it could. I love to be finger fucked, one finger or two fingers will do it. 

Mike withdrew his finger from my soaked pussy and he put it in his mouth sucking off my juices. He smiled coyly, pushing me back down onto the mattress. His tongue flicked out and licked his lips. His mouth moving down on my pussy, kissing all around it but deliberately not touching the swollen lips. Suddenly I felt his hard tongue slide slowly inside me. My hands gripped the sheets and I clenched them tightly. Mike sensed how tense I was. He broke my grip on the sheets and took my hands in his. His large hands almost completely engulfed mine. He worked his tongue slowly in and out of my well-soaked pussy, making little sounds as he enjoyed my taste. I was moaning so loud and squirming my hips I probably made it difficult for him to work his tongue on me. He released my hands and grabbed my upper legs forcibly spreading them apart and restraining me. Mike's tongue teased my clit, flicking it up and down and to the side. I screamed as he brought me to one of the biggest orgasms I'd ever had.

"OH, GOD!!!!!" I screamed. "STOP…………NO DON'T………………OH YES"

Mike paused briefly with his tonguing and looked at me to see if I really wanted him to stop. My chest was heaving. He knew I was in ecstasy and didn't really want him to quit. He continued working my clit till he brought me to another screaming orgasm. This one almost made me pass out. I was choking a little; Mike stopped and made sure I was alright. Thank God he stopped. I rolled over on my right side to help me catch my breath. I'd never experienced anything like that, not even with Rick.

I stopped choking and caught my breath. Mike pulled me up to a sitting position so I could breathe easier. He held me in his strong arms. I coughed on his chest, a little embarrassing but he didn't seem to mind. 

"I'm sorry, I've never lost my breath like that. Must have forgot to breathe there for a second." I apologized.

"Hey, no problem Diane. Didn't mean to almost kill you." He half joked.

I could feel the sheets, wet with my juices, underneath me. Mike held me in his arms till I calmed down and my breathing returned to normal. It took a few minutes to regain control of my quivering body. 

I smiled at him. "I'm OK now, ready to go again?" I laughed when I said it.

Mike laid me back down on the bed stretching me out, massaging my chest and tummy. I smiled up at him, my hand drifted down towards his briefs. He wasn't bulging anymore, thought maybe he'd lost interest or something. I massaged his cock and it swelled beneath the fabric of his briefs. 

"Ready for the best fuck you'll ever have?" He questioned.

"More than ready." I replied.

Mike got up off the bed and stripped down his briefs. His large erect cock sprang out pointing directly at me. My mouth opened in awe at the sight of it. Much larger than Rick's, its mushroom shaped head was broad and engorged. I thought for a moment that I wouldn't be able to accommodate such a large cock. My pussy's a little small, not that I'm complaining and neither has Rick.

"Oh my God, you really are big." I stated smiling at him.

Mike just smiled back, thanked me for the compliment and climbed back up on the bed with me. His cock waving as he positioned himself between my legs. He stroked it slowly from the head all the way back to its base. I mentally wondered how long he really was, 9", 10", hope not that big! I spread my legs, lifting my butt up slightly so he could have a clear target for his cock. He rubbed the head of his cock up and down between the lips of my pussy lubricating it with my juices. He guided the engorged head of it into me. His strong hands held my legs apart as he pressed the length of his cock into me slowly working it back and forth. I felt the walls of my pussy being stretched farther than they'd ever been before. It felt so good, so damn good. My eyes rolled back and I moaned softly, letting him know I wanted all of him. It took awhile but Mike managed to get his entire cock into me. I could feel his balls tight against my butt.

Mike put his arms under my legs, spreading them. He slowly worked his huge cock in short deliberate strokes. I could feel myself being overcome with the pleasure of his manipulations. He leaned down and kissed each breast and then my lips. Spreading my legs farther apart he began stroking his cock in and out of me in long strokes, almost pulling out of me. Slowly at first, then increasing the pace till he was pounding his huge cock into me, his tight balls slapping against my butt. I grabbed his arms to hold on tight. H worked his cock like the master fucker that he was. I came in seconds, came once, then again. I pushed my pelvis towards him.

"Don't stop, don't ever stop, you fucker" Fuck me, fuck me hard!" I screamed.

Mike's eyes were intense, his entire body stiff. I doubt that he heard me or would have stopped even if I wanted him to. He continued plunging his stiff cock into me with hard, deliberate strokes occasionally slowing the pace while swaying his hips to make the head of his cock swirl inside my hot pussy. We'd fucked so hard my head was almost off the edge of the bed. We had to hold onto to each other to keep us both from rolling onto the floor. Mike was making low glutteral sounds, which let me know he was thoroughly enjoying fucking his huge cock into me. He definitely loved my pussy and was giving me the best fuck I'd ever gotten. I was having orgasm after orgasm, some more intense than the last. I felt I was going to pass out at any moment, all my strength depleted. Mike's pace increased so fast the sounds of his pelvis slapping into me filled the room. His body stiffened, his hands gripped my legs hard as he shot his hot, thick load into me. I felt my pussy being filled with his cum, spurting wildly. His eyes tightly shut, his body gave one last shudder, he gave me one long hard plunge and shot the last of his load inside me. I could feel the sticky liquid running out of me as he slowly withdrew his cock, still swollen, covered in our juices. He leaned over me, catching his breath, which was coming in short gasps. 

"Oh baby, that was awesome!" He muttered softly, still having trouble getting his breath.