 Introduction

In France, swinging or "libertinage" is a well-established alternative lifestyle and is practiced in many different venues. These include private parties (see Swinging in France: the Party), some nudist beaches (e.g. Cap d'Agde), non-conformist clubs and discothèques as well as sauna clubs).

Public sauna clubs are usually "mixed" (couples, and single men and women), but reserve one evening per week for couples only. The clubs usually have a warm water pool with seats around the edges where eye contact (and more) can occur with prospective sexual partners. There are also dry saunas and hammams (steam rooms) as well as private rooms (coins câlins) available for couples, threesomes, and "moresomes". Admission prices are reasonable for couples (but can be quite high for single men) and usually, include the first drink. (Single women nearly always get in free). 

This story is based on an evening my wife and I shared at a mixed sauna club. The author thanks MAB and RC for the inspiration to write this story.

*****

Hotwifing

Near the beginning of our adventures in Hotwifing, Jen contacted RC online for sex. They spent several hours sexting before we finally invited RC to our apartment for an evening of "Candaulism". That evening, after a glass or two of champagne, I watched RC seduce, kiss, strip, and then fuck my wife to multiple orgasms.

Several weeks later, while I was on a business trip in the US, they met at a sauna club to have sex. Upon "reclaiming" her on my return, to my intense pleasure, Jen recounted in exquisite detail everything that had transpired during her encounter at the sauna club with RC. I fucked her senseless. Then, we decided to meet RC again at the same sauna club for a threesome.

The Sauna Club

The Bar

We joined RC at a well-known sauna club in Lyons and after changing into towels and a paréo for Jen, we made our way to the bar for cocktails and toasted to the evening's sexual activities that would follow.

After we finished our drinks, we explored the club together noting the newly remodeled and enlarged second floor with more space and more "coins câlins" or private rooms with doors that could be locked, left unlocked, or left open depending on the desires of the occupants.

I looked into a room at the end of a hallway with a red vinyl covered mattress on the floor, which seemed to have enough space for RC, Jen and me to thoroughly enjoy ourselves later in the evening.

On the 1st floor, there was a sauna, a hammam, a small warm water pool with steps leading into it and two large jacuzzis. 

The Hammam 

We decided to try the hammam first so we stripped, hung our towels and Jen's pareo on pegs and showered together before entering the hammam.

RC and I found an empty bench and we sat down with Jen between us. The hammam was hot and steamy and was lit with tiny colored lights on the ceiling that gave off just enough light to see, once one's eyes had adjusted to the darkness. All three of us were more than ready for the sexual part of the evening to begin.

Jen kissed me deeply and then did the same to RC and then turned back to me. RC and I were both caressing Jen's thighs and she parted them to give RC access to her pussy. I kissed her again and caressed her breasts and thick hardened nipples while RC pinched and pulled gently on Jen's clit to begin to excite her.

Then, RC knelt between her legs to lick her. She moaned into my mouth as his lips and tongue found her clitoris and again when he slipped two fingers into her hot wet cunt to caress her g-spot.

A small group of naked men all slowly stroking their hard cocks had gathered around to watch the scene. I focused on Jen's expression as RC brought her closer and closer to orgasm.

Jen's mouth opened into an "O" as she moaned loudly and pulled his head tight against her pussy signaling her first orgasm of the evening. Her hips bucked hard as it coursed through her.

RC continued to firmly stroke her g-spot until a torrent of her fuck juice soaked his face. When the last spasms of her orgasm subsided, they traded places and she knelt between RC's legs to suck his cock.

RC's shaft had softened some while he had been concentrating on eating Jen's pussy and I watched while my wife skillfully licked his balls and gently caressed his cock to bring him back to a full throbbing erection.

He moaned in pleasure as her practiced fingers and tongue did their magic. When RC's cock was rock hard again, Jen very slowly lowered her warm wet mouth over it to blow him.

Jen was well known to be extremely talented at oral sex with both males and females, and by RC's quickened breathing and increasing sighs, I knew that she could have easily sucked him off in a matter of seconds.

Jen wanted to make RC wait though, and taking his cock in her hand, playfully pulled him to his feet.

"Let's try the jacuzzi next," Jen suggested. 

RC and I followed her out of the hammam past a statue of a mermaid that was streaming warm water into the small heated swimming pool to the twin hot tubs in the adjoining room.

The Jacuzzi

We joined another couple in a jacuzzi built for about 8 persons. The water was quite warm and the jets had built up a pleasant foam on the surface of the water providing some cover for the sexual activities that would go on beneath the surface.

I sat on the seat adjacent to RC and Jen and watched as RC pulled my wife to him to kiss her.

The other couple was clearly interested in our activities and I could see that the woman was slowly stroking her friend's cock as they watched together.

I stood behind Jen and cupped and lifted her breasts just above the foam offering my wife's nipples to RC's lips and tongue. I caressed Jen's ass while she parted her legs to let RC finger her. RC's expert touch gently pulling and pinching Jen's clit had her moaning in no time and she nestled her head on his shoulder as he brought her closer to orgasm.

I slid my finger between her ass cheeks to gently circle her anus, pushing her over the edge. I could feel her body trembling with the pleasure of her second orgasm until she fell limp into RC's arms and they kissed.

Among others, one of the sexual fantasies that Jen and RC had discussed during their daily sexting sessions was his desire have anal sex with her. She had told me that she wanted to give him her ass and had used an anal douche as we prepared for the evening.

In the jacuzzi, I had reminded her of her promise to RC for anal sex. She smiled and suggested that we go up to the private room that we had picked out earlier. As we gathered our towels and Jen's paréo, I glanced across the jacuzzi just in time to see the woman swallowing her friend's load as he groaned and ejaculated into her mouth.

The "Coin Câlin"

As we entered the room saw that it was well stocked with condoms and packets of lube as well as an ample supply of paper towels.

RC loosened the knot holding up Jen's paréo and the material pooled at her feet. She knelt in front of us and loosened our white towels exposing our cocks.

We were both semi-hard and she stroked and sucked us to full attention. I whispered to Jen to kneel on our towels and that I would get some lube.

RC knelt in front of her so that she could suck his cock while I parted her ass cheeks to rim her and relax her rosebud with the tip of my tongue.

I warmed some lube in my hands before applying it to my wife's nether hole. I massaged the slippery substance into it until it loosened and slipped one and then two fingers inside her making her moan again on RC cock.

I moved beside her and caressed her breasts and stroked her ass while RC opened and rolled a condom over his erection. When he was ready, he knelt behind Jen and I positioned his cock-head against Jen's slippery sphincter.

Jen pushed back against him and I watched as his swollen purple cock-head split her open and then slowly eased deep into my wife's ass.

When RC's cock was fully inside her he waited for Jen to get used to his hardness. Jen reached back to frig her clit. 

"Please just fuck me," she pleaded.

RC moved slowly at first, then in rhythm with her cries of pleasure, he began to fuck my wife's ass harder and faster. I moved in front of Jen and fed my cock into her open mouth as RC pounded her relentlessly.

I grasped a handful Jen's hair to hold her head fucked her face, and with the other hand, I reached under her to firmly pinch one of her engorged nipples, sending her skyrocketing into another climax.

My cock slipped from her mouth as she cried out in pleasure from the intensity of her anal orgasm.

RC pulled out, slid off his condom, and I watched as his hard cock spat rope after rope of his white hot seed onto my wife's back and ass.

RC and I caressed and kissed Jen as she recovered from her ass-fucking and her evening's third orgasm. 

The Gangbang

When we left the jacuzzi to take Jen upstairs to fuck her, I asked her if she wanted me to lock the door of the room or to leave it open.

"You can leave it open, but only let in good-looking guys," she had laughed.

When Jen had recovered from her orgasm, RC left the room for a quick shower and a drink. I lay back on the mattress facing the door to be able to see if RC returned or if others would look into the room in hopes of joining us.

Jen straddled me and eased herself down onto my erection. She rode my cock slowly, as much to return herself to the heights of sexual arousal as to pleasure me. I gently squeezed her large firm breasts and sucked her engorged nipples as she fucked me. 

After a few minutes, two handsome young men wearing white towels appeared at the door. They watched for a while and I saw one of them speak to the other, who nodded his head. They both entered the room, but with respect for our couple, they stayed close to the door until I motioned for them to come closer.

The two men, one with dark hair and the other blond, then moved to either side of Jen's head and parted their towels to expose their large stiffening cocks to Jen's gaze.

She moaned in approval as she rode me and took blond's cock into her mouth to suck while she stroked the other to bring them both to full erection.

By the time she switched and began to suck the dark-haired gentleman's cock they were both fully erect, and I watched as their thick cocks, slick with Jen's saliva and precum, fucked my wife's mouth again and again.

The hot spectacle had brought me close to orgasm, so I slipped out of Jen's wet cunt so that the others could fuck her. The two men then took Jen's arms and helped her to her feet. She bent forward and continued to suck their cocks in turn as they fondled her breasts and pinched her nipples.

I stood behind Jen and coaxed her legs apart with my knee. Jen's nether hole tempted me as it was still loosened from sex with RC and slick with lube. I pushed my hard cock into her ass and fucked her again while my wife blew our new fuck-friends.

The excitement of the foursome and my cock in her ass made her want to come again so she released her grasp on the cock to her left and began to frig her slippery swollen clit while I fucked her ass.

The blond moved beside me to watch her taking the ass-fucking. I motioned for him to take my place and he rolled a condom onto his erection. I withdrew my cock from Jen's ass to replace it with his.

I guided his fat cock-head into Jen's asshole. Jen moaned her approval as the new cock fully entered her. The young man fucked my wife's ass slowly and gently, but I knew that she wanted to be pounded, so I placed my hand on his butt and pushed him hard into her. With a loud sigh of pleasure, Jen came again.

At that moment all of us knew, including Jen, that each man had given his all to please her and that the time had come to use her body for our sexual pleasure and release.

Jen held out her hand to the dark-haired gentleman and he led her to the red vinyl mattress where our towels and her paréo had been laid out as a makeshift bed. He helped Jen lie down on her back and knelt between her raised thighs.

He leaned forward and whispered something to her and I saw my wife nod "yes". Then he pushed her legs up further and placed his bulbous cockhead against my wife's gaping and well-fucked asshole and thrust himself into her.

He fucked her with long powerful strokes and I watched his cock stretching her as he took his pleasure. The blond gentleman knelt next to Jen's head and began to jack his cock, dripping precum into her mouth.

I stood next to Jen stroking my own cock and taking in the sights and sounds of the erotically charged scene. Jen couldn't help but frig her clit to get herself off one more time as the dark-haired guy began to pound his cock rapidly into her ass.

Jen cried out and came hard just as I watched her lover's balls tighten and pulse as he pumped his load deep into my wife's ass. 

The torrid scene triggered his friend's orgasm and I watched his hard cock jerk again and again spitting streams of his thick white cum all over my wife's pretty face. At that point, I lost it too and shot ropes of hot cum splattering down onto Jen's heaving tits and belly.

Finishing RC in the Hamam

We thanked and said our goodbyes to Jen's two lovers with hopes that we would meet at least one of them again.

We gathered our towels and Jen tied her paréo around her waist. We left the room with her breasts, cheeks, and chin still streaked with cum.

"Let's take a shower and go find RC", she smiled.

"What are you going to do with him when we find him? I asked jokingly as we walked toward the showers.

Jen stopped, turned to me and said slowly and sensuously, 

"I'm going to lick his balls and suck his cock until he comes in my mouth."

"Humm, then let's go find him." I replied.

"You'll get off watching me suck him off, won't you?" Jen asked as we entered the showers.

"Maybe I'll give you what you've been fantasizing about," Jen teased.

I soaped Jen's breasts as the warm spray washed off the sticky cum, leaving her fresh and clean for the evening's last round of sex with RC.

I was amazed by how insatiable she had become, but our shared passion for "hotwifing" had boosted our libidos like nothing else had before.

When we had finished our shower we crossed the hallway to the hammam. I untied Jen's paréo and we hung it and our towels beside the door and we entered the hammam.

Several single men were slowly stroking their cocks as a mature couple exhibited for them. The woman's legs were spread wide with one of them over her lover's thigh. She was caressing her breasts and pinching her hardened nipples as her lover fingered her very wet hairless pussy until she came.

As our eyes adjusted to the dim colored lighting of the hammam, we saw RC waiting for us alone in the far corner.

Jen sat down next to him and I next to her, and I leaned forward to watch them.

Jen whispered something into RC's ear and he smiled and turned to her. They kissed deeply as his hand moved to fondle her breasts. 

Then, my wife knelt in front of RC and he opened his legs and slid forward on the bench to give her access to his cock and balls.

RC was not hard yet, so Jen engulfed his cock with her mouth and caressed his balls with her fingertips. I watched with pride mixed with a twinge of jealousy as my wife worked RC's cock to erection.

I savored the sight of Jen's head slowly bobbing up and down over RC's cock knowing the pleasure she was giving him as with each stroke she licked the sensitive underside of his cockhead.

I knew that this time she would not stop sucking him until he had emptied his balls into her mouth and that she had swallowed every drop of his cum.

RC's sighs of pleasure soon began to increase and I knew that he wouldn't last much longer so I knelt beside Jen for a better view as she finished him off

RC's balls were tight and his cock rock hard as I watched it piston in and out of my wife's mouth and throat.

Jen increased the tempo slightly and cupped RC balls in her hand. RC groaned in absolute pleasure as his cock spewed his hot spunk into my wife's mouth.

Jen kept sucking RC's cock until she had milked it dry, but before she swallowed, she kissed me.