 All characters in this story are over the age of 18 and consenting.

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

"I'm nervous, sweetie," Tanya said to me as we sat at the bar.

"I know, honey," I replied "I am too."

Tanya and I, Kayleigh, have been together for ten years now. We love one another very much but have found that our sex lives had got boring and mundane. Sex for us became something we just did to relieve our urges which is why we decided to try something new. Tanya was 31 years old with long, straight blonde hair and crystal green eyes. She was skinny and sunkissed. I was 33 and had wavy, brown hair with dark brown eyes. I was a little chubby but wasn't that overweight. Tanya and I discussed a lot of different ways that we could spice up our sex lives and decided that the best way forward was to start partner swapping as swingers. We found another lesbian couple online. They were named Imogen and Sarah. We found them on a website for swingers, they even uploaded a photo. Imogen had long, purple hair with blue eyes. She was stunning and looked around 28. Her partner, Sarah, had long, curly brown hair with dark eyes. They both looked like models, they were the vision of beauty. They were slim and sunkissed. We arranged the details over the internet. They had booked us a hotel room in a grand hotel, just out of town. 

We arrived a little early so we went to the bar. The bar was red and black and very beautiful. Tanya and I sat at a round, polished, wooden table. We both had cocktails. We sipped them while waiting for our dates for the evening. I was nervous and sweating.

"Do you think it'll all be ok?" Tanya asked me.

"I think it should be ok," I replied "they seemed genuine and nice people when we chatted."

I saw them enter through the door. Imogen was wearing a long, sequin dress. Sarah wore a tight top, showing off her large, D-cup breasts. My jaw fell when I saw them. They looked around and saw us. They grinned and walked over to join us at the table.

"Hello," Imogen said, sitting down "I'm Imogen and this is Sarah, from the internet."

"Hi," I replied "I'm Kayleigh and this is Tanya, from the internet."

we all giggled. Sarah could see me shaking, nervous.

"Is this your first time doing this, honey?" Sarah asked me.

"Yeah, I'm so scared," I replied.

Sarah put her hand on my knee.

"There's nothing to worry about," she said.

"We should discuss it first," Tanya suggested, shivvering.

"Ok," Imogen spoke "who swaps?"

I looked into Sarah's eyes. She winked at me.

"Well, I like Sarah, she's cute," I replied.

"Ok, what do you think Tanya?" Imogen asked "you want to bunk with me?"

"I'd like to do a lot more than bunk with you," Tanya replied.

I hadn't heard her make a dirty comment in years. My stomach fluttered with anticipation.

"One thing I should mention," I spoke up "Tanya and I... We don't believe in female shaving. We shave our legs of course but our underarms and you know, down there, not so much."

"So you have hairy pits and pussy?" Imogen asked "both of you?"

We both nodded.

"That's fine," said Imogen "I've not had sex with a hairy girl before."

After a little more conversation the girls lead us to the elevator. We went in and up to the room. 

Imogen unlocked the door and we entered. There was a bedroom with a small bathroom leading off it. We hung our coats up and sat on the bed.

"Can Tanya and I have a little chat before we start?" I asked "is it ok if we go into the bathroom and chat?"

"Of course, beautiful," smiled Sarah.

Tanya and I went to the bathroom.

"I'm still scared," I told Tanya.

"Me too," she said.

We cuddled. I kissed her soft, rosy red lips.

"No matter what happens out there, it's you I love," I told her, staring into her eyes

"Only you."

"I love you too, no matter what I do to Imogen, it's you I love," she replied "this is just sex, not love."

We exchanged a kiss and a cuddle and left the bathroom.

"We're ready," I said.

Imogen was on one side of the bed and Sarah on the other. I went to Sarah and 

Tanya went to Imogen. I sat on the bed next to Sarah. She stroked her soft, gentle hand across my cheek. We stared into each other's eyes sensually. She leant in. I smelled her sweet perfume as her soft, gentle lips brushed against mine. She kissed me gently before slowly inserting her tongue into my mouth. I kissed her back. Her hands stroked their way down from my cheek, down my back to my ass. She held my large, firm butt, squeezing it as she kissed, sharing her passion. I rubbed my hands over her shoulders and breathed in through my nose, inhaling her scent. My hands moved down to her butt, squeezing as she was squeezing me. She broke the kiss.

I looked over to Imogen and Tanya. Imogen was kissing and sucking on Tanya's naked titties, Tanya moaning. She didn't waste any time. I looked back to Sarah. She made a spinning motion with her finger, I took that as my lead, stood and turned my back to her. She unzipped my dress. My long black dress fell to the ground, revealing my large breasts, chubby belly and hairy pussy. I turned back round. Sarah's mouth dropped as she looked at my naked body. She was intoxicated at the sight of me.

"My god your body is so perfect," she whispered.

I sat back on the bed and removed Sarah's dress. Her breasts were small, round and pert. Her stomach was flat and her pussy was shaven bald. I heard a loud, high pitched squeal. I looked over at Tanya and Imogen. Imogen was laying on the bed, her head resting on the pillow with Tanya sitting directly on her face. Imogen was furiously eating her out. Tanya grabbed onto her tits while she was being eaten out, squealing and moaning, spraying Imogen's face with her juices, droplets flying everywhere hitting all of us like rain. I looked back to Sarah, feeling slightly jealous.

"Lay down, honey," Sarah spoke calmly.

I laid down on the bed. Sarah kissed my neck, her kisses moving their way down to my nipples. She kissed my nipples, shockwaves flowing through my body. She sucked on my nipples as they started to get hard. I moaned as she licked and teased my nipples. She worked her kisses down again until she focussed her tongue on my chubby navel. She licked and tongued my navel, making me moan. She then kissed her way down. She licked through my sweaty thicket of pubic hair. She let out a satisfied "mmm" as she sucked on my hair. She stopped and moved back.

She started kissing up my leg, starting at my knee. She kissed along my chubby thigh, stopping at the top of my leg. I was shuddering in anticipation. She started kissing up my other thigh. I moaned. She stopped at started to look at my extremely hairy pussy that was now glazed with a thick layer of juice. Sarah placed her soft, wet, warm tongue below my pussyhole. She licked upwards, across my trembling lips and across my large, engorged clit. I shuddered, trembled and let out a loud moan. Sarah licked all of the glazing from my tight hole and swallowed it down. My hole relaxed to allow Sarah to do whatever she wanted. She linked her arms around my legs and pulled her face into my pussy. I heard her take a deep, heavy breath. She was smelling the aromas of my sweaty, hot pussy. Then she dove in. It was amazing to have a different girl eating me out. Don't get me wrong I loved Tanya and she was good at eating pussy but it was nice to have a change. Tanya was very fast at eating, she could have me dribbling all over her face in seconds but Sarah had a different skill set. Sarah liked to explore a lot more. Her tongue entered my pussy a lot more, Tanya always focussed on the clit. Sarah lapped up my juices. She changed focus to my clit. She began to lick, suck and nibble on my big, sensitive nub. I moaned as pleasure built. Sarah unwrapped her arms and started to caress my nipples and breasts. I moaned as she stroked her soft, dainty hands over my hard, erect nipples. 

I felt an orgasm build. Screams and moans were filling the room as I was being eaten out while Tanya had now started to eat Imogen's tiny pussy. The whole room was filled with pleasure, the atmosphere making it all so much hotter. I let out a long, final moan. My pussy dribbled all over Sarah's hungry face as I collapsed back and let out a long, deep breath. Sarah moved up to my face, hers covered in my grool. I licked my juices off of her chin and from her mouth. I swallowed the sweet tasting treat.

We swapped places. Sarah laid back as I sucked on her large breasts. The room filled with screams. I looked over to Imogen and Tanya. Tanya was being fucked by Imogen with a huge, black strap-on dildo attached around her waist. Imogen was thrusting deeply into Tanya's loose, weak pussy. Tanya had never been fucked with a strap-on before. We'd discussed it but never got round to buying one. Tanya was grunting and moaning in pleasure. I looked back to Sarah. I licked down her body to her pussy. Her pussy lips were big and sprawled out. I immediately sucked on her lips making her moan. She pushed her hand on the back of my head, forcing my face into her vagina. She started to grind her hips up against my face, covering it in her thick juices. After just over a minute of grinding she screamed loudly, spraying her juices over my face. She was holding that one back. She let go of the back of my head and fell backwards, experiencing her orgasm. I walked up to her head and let her lick her juice from my face. Sarah reached under the bed and got a strap-on dildo she had left there. She stood up and attached it. I got into the doggy position. Sarah got behind me and rubbed my pussy until I was wet enough for her to slide in. Tanya was being fucked doggystyle also, next to me. 

Sarah started to pound me. Tanya and I locked lips, kissing, moaning and screaming as we were getting pounded. We exchanged our passion as we had sex with other people. Tanya and Imogen were kissing too. My orgasm built. Tanya had been going for longer and was the first to cum. She screamed and moaned as her pussy dribbled all over the bed. Imogen pulled out and removed the strap-on. Tanya rolled over and laid on her back, Imogen quickly going back for another taste of her sweet pussy. Then I started to cum. I moaned and squealed as Sarah took her cue to pound harder and faster. My pussy sprayed out before Sarah pulled out and removed the strap-on. I rolled over and Sarah began to eat me out. Then Imogen stopped eating out Tanya. Sarah stopped eating me. They nodded and swapped. Imogen was fast and hungry. She moved her tongue with incredible speeds licking up and down my big, aroused clitoris. I came in seconds and collapsed. Imogen stood up and walked over to my head, which rested on the pillow. She positioned one knee next to each ear and lowered herself on to me, sitting on my face. I slurped and sucked on the pussy that my girlfriend had eaten not thirty minutes prior. I licked and sucked.

"Open your mouth," squealed Imogen.

I opened my mouth over Imogen's pussy and continued to lick. She moaned and then a final, loud scream before her juices sprayed into my open, waiting mouth. I held her juice there as she got down to inspect. She saw the harvest.

"Swallow it, babe," she spoke.

I gulped down the warm, salty-sweet juice.

I was exhausted. I looked over to Tanya and Sarah. 

Tanya was sucking on Sarah's clit before Sarah collapsed. Imogen joined me laying on the bed. She started cuddling and kissing me, Tanya and Sarah doing the same. Imogen looked over to Tanya and Sarah and, while looking at all of us announced "we have to do this again"! We all nodded.

Tanya and I hadn't spoken since we left. We got in the car and began to drive back to our home.

"So, how was it for you?" I asked her.

"Oh. My. God." She replied "I loved every second."

"Me too," I replied "I love you so much, baby."

"I love you too," she replied "have you got Imogen and Sarah's phone number?"

"Of course," I answered "how about we invite them to our place tomorrow night?"

"Every night," Tanya spoke.

She meant it too.