 This story has been repositioned to a more suitable category

The following account is once again based on actual events, the names have been changed to protect those involved to ensure my continued membership of the group by giving no clue as to my identity. 

*

My adventures in the world of swinging had continued since my encounter with Joanna & Ava and my circle of playmates had continued to broaden due to being lucky enough to receive favourable reports from dutifullydiscreet. That is not to say that I didn't have some failures along the way, some people misrepresented themselves and were not who they claimed to be, others I met led to nothing as there was no chemistry between us or one party or the other simply decided they just didn't want to play which was fine. One evening I had been invited to attend a function at a member's home, it was billed as a 

"Unique Gathering for all to enjoy" 

and I had arrived to find the function in full swing, the hosts introduced themselves and offered me a guided tour which I accepted, in the room they termed the fun palace I found an attractive woman in her mid thirties laying on what looked like a weight bench, she was naked apart from a pair of white fishnet hold ups, her legs had been tied by her ankles in the air and spread wide open, at one end a guy had his cock buried deep into her throat while two others were busy munching on her breasts, a fourth was fucking her hard and a queue of five others stood in a line stroking their hard -- on's and waiting their turn to fuck her. Her pussy was squelching from the amount of cum that she had already had pumped into it and the pool that had formed on the bench below her pussy indicated that she had already been used by what I estimated to have been at least a dozen men beforehand.

This wasn't the kind of thing that I had signed up for and I don't know why I was surprised by what was going on but I knew I wouldn't be taking part. After an hour of making polite chat with other guests I made my excuses and left. That episode was probably the one that drew a line under one of the options I had left open on my profile, so I amended it to exclude "Cum Bucket" sessions. Several one on meetings had gone well for me in the weeks following and one where a woman's husband simply wanted to film the action for which I had to be masked to hide my identity was particularly interesting and it provided my first foray into the world of voyeurism. To their credit the couple involved asked if I wanted a copy of the film for my own pleasure, I declined.

It was couple of months after the Ava & Joanna session when I received an invite on my account to attend a social event, the sender was anonymous but indicated that dutifullydiscreet had been instrumental in recommending my attendance. I was to answer by return with a simple yes or no and then details would be sent by return, curious as to what I was being invited to it was easy to reply in the positive. Within a minute another email appeared in my inbox, it simply read, with the address

19:00 -- 5th May

Avon Associates

Smart Dress 

I knew the address was in the city on a street I knew well, but I had never recalled seeing Avon Associates advertised on the street. I was a little puzzled and when OOGLE Maps revealed nothing either I was even more confused. When the fifth of May rolled around I donned a dark suit with a pink shirt but left out a tie, clean shaven and looking presentable I grabbed some cash but left my wallet and mobile behind and headed for the venue. The taxi dropped me at the rank at the end of the street and I walked the couple of hundred yards to the building listed as the address. Sure enough I found three steps leading up to a smoked glass door and the nameplate on the inside of the door lintel read Avon Associates. I opened the door and walked in, to be greeted by a smartly dressed woman sat at a modern wooden desk with a glass top, the state of the art lobby had white marble floors and a smoked glass wall housed another door, which lead into the world beyond.

"Name please" 

Asked the woman

"Luke"

I started to reply but she cut me off curtly

"No, your profile name"

I was a little confused so didn't answer immediately giving the woman time to look around me, as she returned her gaze to me I could hear footsteps behind me and I turned to see what was happening. A hefty security guard had appeared from behind another smoked glass door as if to reinforce that if I could not provide the correct profile name I would be leaving. I gave the woman my profile name and her expression changed, smiling and welcoming me to Avon Associates she handed me a swipe card and explained it was to allow me to open the inner door from inside when I wished to leave. The woman motioned me towards the door and pressed a release switch on the desk that unlocked the inner door, I pushed it open and walked in to find a short corridor with plush red carpet and heavy double doors at the far end. Pulling open one of the doors I walked into a warmly lit bar area where about forty or so people were either sitting at tables or standing in small groups talking, as the door closed behind me I heard Joanna call to me from my left

"Glad to see that you made it, let's get you a drink"

Joanna approached with Christian half a step behind her and took my arm as I greeted them both, she led me towards the bar, they had been waiting for me to arrive so they could make sure that I wasn't wandering around on my own on the occasion of my first visit to Avon Associates. I was handed a glass of champagne when we reached the bar by an attractive bar maid dressed in a tight black skirt and equally tight fitting red blouse. I sipped the champagne as Christian and Joanna began to fill me in on what this evening was all about and the place. While they were slightly guarded with some of their answers it was clear that Avon Associates was an exclusive swingers club where like-minded couples and individuals could meet and arrange meets or if they wished play there and then. But both Christian and Joanna continued to evade any questions I raised about membership and how it came into being and I began to get the sense that I was being discouraged from asking those questions but as yet I knew not why.

Christian suggested that we should take a stroll through the bar as there were a number people who would like to meet me, plus since I had arrived I had not taken the time to appraise the other guests who were in attendance. As we walked I spotted a television newsreader that had been voted the sexiest woman on TV but nobody else I knew, there were also several other very attractive women with whom I would have been happy to play. Christian and Joanna led me towards a couple standing at the bar and introduced me. The couple went by the name of Lord & Lady Lucan and I had no doubt that this wasn't in fact the infamous missing royal but he spoke with the clipped English of the landed gentry.

Lord Lucan was in his early sixties about six feet tall with a slim build, he still retained a head full of hair albeit grey and his tanned skin was in stark contrast to the white dinner shirt he wore beneath his suit. Lady Lucan on the other hand appeared to be in her mid thirties and very attractive standing about five feet eight her skin was pale and eyes blue with shoulder length auburn hair, she was wearing a tastefully tight fitting little black dress and heels to match. I hadn't noticed that Christian & Joanna had retreated while I chatted to the Lucans until Lord Lucan briefly interrupted and told Lady Lucan that her play time was approaching at which point she excused herself and headed around the back of the bar, when she was gone Lord Lucan turned to me and spoke again

"Likes a good rutting that one and I have to keep the little lady happy, you know good breeding stock but I can't keep up at my age"

His candour came as a complete shock and I had little time to offer my view before he had ordered two large whiskies and thrust one into my hand

"Have you had the opportunity to measure up a filly for yourself to saddle later?"

"Er no not yet" 

I replied

"Well that won't do, lets go and check the stock together shall we?"

"Yes why not" 

Somewhat intrigued by what he had in mind and his descriptive use of the English language .We set off in the direction that Lady Lucan had gone and as we spoke and he gave me a run down on the people we passed, their preferences and, who, to use his parlance "who you could ride the grand national on" until we came to some stairs, we climbed the two sets and reaching the top of the stairs we turned right and began to amble along a dimly but moodily lit corridor, most of the numbered heavy black doors in the corridor were closed but the open ones revealed bedrooms with king size beds with crisp white linen and a host of large fluffy pillows. I followed Lord Lucan into one room and he opened a wardrobe just inside the door which was laden with all sorts, bondage gear, costumes, lubes and condoms to name a few and he explained that the intimate items could be purchased if need be and also pointed out that each room had an en-suite bathroom. I was quickly beginning to build up a picture of what Avon Associates were all about.

Next Lord Lucan led me down a second dimly lit corridor this time I could see people standing on either side as we approached I could see that the people were standing in front of a series sloping glass windows which allowed the people in the corridor to look down into rooms below. Lights shone upwards through the glass but I was unable to see in as the people at the windows obscured my view. We weaved our way between them until we reached the last window on the right with it's lights clearly visible as the lights in the rooms either side were off. Lord Lucan stopped at the window and looked in, after a couple of seconds he signalled to me to join him. I peered in to see Lady Lucan naked on the bed below on all fours one guy fucking her from behind while another had his cock in her mouth. Lord Lucan handed me a set of headphones from a hook beside the window, I slipped them over my head and Lord Lucan flipped a switch that funnelled the sounds of the room into our ears. Lady Lucan was indeed enjoying her spit roast session a fact that seemed to please Lord Lucan no end as well. After a minute or so Lord Lucan removed his headset and turned to me, after removing mine he spoke

"You won't mind if I stay a while dear boy, going to watch the filly exercise. Hope you don't mind but we have taken the liberty of arranging a little jaunt for you in room eight downstairs. I do hope you won't be disappointed"

That was my cue to leave and find out what had been lined up for the new boy so I took my leave of the Lord and headed for the stairs to find room eight. As I approached the door I knocked back the remaining whiskey in one before tapping on the door and going in. I was the only one in the well-equipped bedroom, I checked the bathroom but there was no one there either, turning to walk across the room I spotted a decanter full of whiskey on the top of a shelf which would do nicely as a top up, I had just began to refill my glass when the door opened and in walked the news reader.

"Well hello gorgeous I'm thebestnewsyet" 

She said closing the door behind her.

When I had seen her in the bar earlier she was wearing a short purple dress that showed off her legs and emphasised her curves and breasts but that had gone, instead she was wearing a French Maids costume with a tutu like short skirt, black stockings and suspenders with heels, a deep cut in the front of the costume gave me great view of her cleavage. Her dark hair was waved in the way that she read the news and her brown eyes sparkled as she spoke.

"dutifullydiscreet tell me that you can be quite the plaything and that you know your way around a woman, is it true?" she continued

"That's kind of them to say so, but I think they maybe bigging me up a little"

"I see, how modest, but here's the thing, based on what they have told me I volunteered to interview you for membership, and I am VERY selective about who I interview"

"Is interview a synonym for fuck?"

"It might be" she giggled seductively as she approached me. "If you are up for it"

"I am definitely up for it"

I put down my glass on the shelf and watched as she turned and walked to the wardrobe. As she walked the bottom of her arse cheeks were clearly visible under the hemline of the outfit with the seams of her stockings dead straight up the back of each of her legs. Thebestnewsyet opened the wardrobe and from where I was standing I could see the purple dress she had been wearing hanging up inside before she retrieved something from inside the door before closing it. As she turned towards me I could see she was holding a paddle about ten inches in length, four inches wide and about a quarter of an inch thick with a rubber handle at the bottom.

"Now you are going to strip off for me to see this magnificent weapon you have"

I complied without question and was naked in seconds with my cock already hard at the sight of this object of so many men's desires dressed as she was and parading before me. I was a little concerned at what she was going to do with the paddle however. Thebestnewsyet trailed her hand over my cock nodding in appreciation as she inspected it's seven and a half inches closely, when she was satisfied with my wears thebestnewsyet handed me the paddle.

"Did you know that I have been such a lazy maid? I haven't cleaned a thing!"

Somehow I just knew the game that was about to be played out between us and I was more than happy to play along with it, thebestnewsyet enjoyed being spanked. Who would have thought? I played along by running my finger along the top of the shelf and mockingly inspecting it for dust. In my best scolding voice I confirmed that she had indeed been a lazy maid and that her performance feel well short of the standards I expected. Now she had left me no alternative than to punish her, and that there was only one thing I could do to re-adjust her attitude. I led her to the bed and sat down, taking her hand I pulled her forward and she bent over and laid across my knees with her head over my left leg and arse in the air. I used my left hand to pull the tutu of the maids costume clear of her arse cheeks. I was expecting to see a thong elastic but I found nothing covering her peach soft skin, her suspender straps were off to the side and front, so her glorious backside was framed by the arch of the back of her suspender belt and the back of her stocking tops. I began to stroke the smooth skin of her cheeks and down over the backs of her thighs. My hand also found her mons peaking through the space between her thighs and I simply couldn't resist leaning to the right to get an eyeful of her quim that appeared to fashionably devoid of hair.

Taking a slightly firmer hold on her waist with my left hand I prepared to strike the first blow to her exposed rear, I raised the paddle to about a foot above her arse and then swung in downwards. The paddle connected with the newsreaders rear dead center across both cheeks and directly above her sphincter with a Thwack that seemed to fill the room. She let out a yelp of pain as the paddle struck but she never moved, I wasn't sure if I had struck too hard a blow and paused to ask, but the newsreader simply shook her head. My second stroke found the same spot bringing a further yelp from the helpless newsreader and after the third and fourth blows rained down on her exposed rear a crimson paddle shaped mark had appeared on her bare flesh

"Do you think you have been punished enough for your misdemeanors?" 

I asked the newsreader but she shook her head again and said

"I am such a naughty maid I deserve any punishment you see fit"

With her permission to continue the fifth blow of the paddle struck once again in the same spot across her cheeks which were now hot to the touch as the blood ran to the area under attack, the next blow I aimed at the backs of her thigh tops where her cunny peaked through, Thwack! The newsreaders head shot upward's this time as the pain of the impact fired through the nerve endings in her thighs and exposed pussy rim and still she remained unmoved. Her punishment continued as the next two blows landed in the same place causing the newsreader to cry out each time, as I lined up the eighth blow I noticed that the face of the paddle was glistening with moisture and it could only have come from one place the newsreaders pussy

"Your pussy is getting wet isn't it?"

"Ah-ha"

"Do you like being punished and having your pussy abused?"

"Yes"

Thwack! Number nine found it's target and the newsreader cried out with pain once again, this time however I paused and told her that the next blow would be her last and then I would continue her punishment my own way. Thwack. By now the newsreader had now begun to breathe a little more heavily as the spanking had taken it's toll on her exposed flesh. What had been two distinctive crimson areas had merged to become one large area that covered almost all of her rear. A glimpse to my right highlighted that the soft creamy flesh of her cunny was now also crimson and it must have burned and tingled in equal measure. I could hardly believe that I had just finished spanking the bare arse and pussy of one of national TV's hottest properties but my hard on was proof of the pudding and thebestnewsyet was still laying prone over my lap dressed in a French Maids costume.

Dropping the paddle to the floor I traced my right index finger up the seam of the newsreaders right stocking, up and along the right cheek of her arse before crossing over to her left cheek and down the seam of her left stocking. When my arm could travel no further I began to run my finger upwards in the space where the backs of her legs met towards her pussy causing the newsreader to writhe on my lap. The first touch on her tender burning quim brought about a gasp from the subjugated woman, there was no way now she could hide how turned on she was by her spanking as I eased my finger between her folds and into her slot her juices started to ooze out.

"Its time you discovered what punishment really means you idle hussy" 

I scolded the newsreader sharply while my finger followed the line of her cleft down towards her large clit that I found covered in her ooze and rock hard to the touch. A series of gasps and moans accompanied the working of her clit by my finger and for the first time her hips started to rise and fall in harmony with my finger movements. The newsreader was clearly enjoying being disciplined by her interviewee and I fully intended that she continue in that vain, I wiped my finger the length of her slot covering it in her juice before painting her back entrance with it. I moved my left hand from around her waist and onto her still crimson backside until my middle finger was directly above her juice covered arse hole and then worked it into her rear up to the second knuckle. In the same instant I slid the middle and index fingers of my right hand facing downwards deep into her love tunnel, the newsreaders legs parted to allow me more freedom of movement as I began to stroke her pussy wall.

"I don't do, ah anal,ah aw god"

"But you are being punished my dear, Tell me how many times do you normally cum?

"Ah, a few, ohhhhhh"

"From now on you will call out each time you do, do you understand?"

The newsreader nodded as I upped the ante of the finger fucking she was getting. Each time I released the pressure on her quim more juice oozed out encouraging me to continue, I had found the g-spot in her cunny that drove her wild and worked my fingers over it time and time again. It didn't take long for the newsreader to reach her climax she yelled out she was coming as her hips bucked up and down on my lap and my fingers got a rich coating of climax honey as reward for their work. It took less than a minute for the newsreader to come again as my fingers continued to work her pussy and massage her arse simultaneously. The next time she tried call out but nothing really came out only a rasping "I'm coming" and a third orgasm ripped through her almost immediately after the second and she breathlessly asked me to stop what I was doing and let her up. First out was the finger that I had buried in her arse, quickly followed by the two that had been stuffed into her pussy bringing with them copious amounts of her love honey.
