 This story is written for fun. It contains nudity, sex, fucking, cock sucking, pussy eating, group sex, wife swapping, etc. If your looking for Pablum, non sex or just plain shit don't read it or complain about the content. Thank you, The Author.

* 

Having finally reaching retirement years Jack tethered his resignation to the U. S. Navy. Twenty five years of service was finally enough. He had enlisted at twenty three and had risen in rank to be a chief petty officer. Had spent too many years at sea and had lost three wives because of being away so much of the time.

He was looking for something to do with his leisure time. Something not strenuous but interesting enough to enjoy and stretch his retirement pay. 

One of his ex wives, Sherri, lived in the north woods of New York state. She had written and told him about an older motel for sale near her and thought he might be interested in looking at it. It could be had cheap, was remote and needed some minor repairs. Had some good possibilities that she could only tell him about privately. Jack had called and went to meet her. 

Sherri and Jack met at a restaurant in the small town where she wanted him to see the motel. She was still a good looking woman. Forty three, five yrs younger than him. Five ft, five. Short brunette hair, nice full body, 36-C boobs, dressed casually. They had been divorced for over eight years but the sight of her could still turn him on. 

Sherri explained that the owner was a widow. Her husband died the previous year and it got to be too much work for just her. She wants to move to town and is willing to carry part of the mortgage." 

Her idea was to go partners in the place, explaining that she had a nest egg and with his pension they could make good money with it. She knew tons of people around here she said. "Most are quiet but a good many couples are involved in swinging and swapping partners. Plus the couples that just want a bed for a few hours a night. That old motel would make a great place for them to meet and party. It's private, out a way but on a main road.

"How do you know so much about swingers? He asked his ex wife. 

Sheepishly she told him. "My last husband and I belonged to a swap group here. Until he ran off with a younger woman. We got divorced after that. I hit him for a bundle. I'm still in touch with some old friends and they would love a place to play close to here." 

"Swinging, wife swapping. That sounds like a lot of fun. Did you enjoy?" 

"Yes I did enjoy, bet you would like it too. We could get together again. Just for the fun of some great sex. Maybe?" 

Driving out they inspected the place and talked to the widow, Mrs Allan. It did indeed need repairs but nothing that Jack couldn't do himself or hire inexpensively. It had six good sized double cabins in a semi circle behind a larger building. A small swim pool between. The main building housed a small snack bar and convinces store. Medium office space in back Several bed rooms and bath upstairs Gas pumps out front. Mrs Allan explained that if they rented one third of the units for the week they made a fair profit, but things were a bit slow right now. They easily came to an agreement with the woman and they were now in the motel business. Mrs Allan would stay for a few days to help them get settled in.

The cabins each had a medium sleeping area with queen beds, small bath room, tiny sitting area with table and two chairs and a TV. The next day Jack closed two of the furthest cabins for renovations. With what they had in mind for their type of clientele he planned on removing some walls, making a good size bedroom area, with two king beds. Bathrooms with showers large enough to fit up to four at a time.

Jack moved into one room in the main building while Sherri kept her apartment in town They were to be partners, not lovers. At least not yet.

The snack bar and store needed only a good cleaning and Sherri took care of that after upgrading a few things. They had a fair amount of business. Sold some gas, a lot of hot dogs, hamburgers, milk and assorted groceries. Two couples and two truckers stopped in late afternoon for rooms. Not a bad beginning for their first day. Sherri went home and Jack closed the doors at ten with Mrs Allan's assistance.

At seven in the morning Jack woke. He heard noises from downstairs. Slipping on his pants and a shirt he went to investigate. 

Sitting on stools at the short counter he say the two truckers drinking coffee and flirting with an attractive, heavy dark woman that was fixing them breakfast. He then remembered that she was the waitress that Mrs Allan had told him about. Her name was Ruth. 

"Hello." She said smiling at him. "You must be my new boss? I'm Ruth, head cook and dish washer. How you like your eggs?"

Ruth was about fifty. Plump, but pretty. Stood five ft, three. Large breasts strained against her apron. Large smile and a twinkle in her eyes.

"Cooked." Jack quipped to her, smiling back. "First coffee for a desperate, lonely man." 

"You don't look very desperate or lonely to me, Mr Boss." She gave in return.

Jack chatted with her and the truckers, learned that they stopped about once a week and liked it here cause it was clean, inexpensive and they liked Ruth's cooking. Leaving they both left her a big tip.

After they left she chuckled and said. "Those two like more than my cooking." She winked. "If you know what I mean?"

"Ruth? What could you possibly mean?" Jack winked back knowingly.

Sherri arrived as Jack finished breakfast and they sat discussing plans about the renovations and how to advertise and entice swingers to use this place for their gatherings.

Unnoticed Ruth had heard most of their talk. She quietly sat next to them and asked. "Got room for me? Sounds like some fun things will be happening around here." 

"What do you think you heard?" Sherri asked her."Might not be what you think." 

"I think I heard that you plan to have fuck parties here. Am I right?"

"Maybe! If so, what about it?" 

"Sounds great to me. I can help. You'll need discreet help, people who can keep their mouths shut about things that go on here." Ruth told them. 

"You know, she's right." Jack said to Sherri. 

Sherri asked Ruth. "You know some like that?"

"Sure do. I have a sister, her hubby, and my man. A few others if needed. We have our own little swap group. Blacks like to fuck too, you know." 

Ruth made a call. They met her husband, John. Her sister Pearl and her man, Mike. Jack hired them on the spot. John full time, Pearl and Mike part time, as needed. Pearl was almost a twin to Ruth, big and well-stacked. John, tall, over six ft. Muscular, partly bald, handsome. Mike, Five ft seven, slightly heavy, shaved head, nice looking.

After Sherri and Jack explained their ideas and what needed to be done they all got busy. With the extra help things went fast. At the end of the week the first cabin was completed.

Painted a rustic red, white trim. Inside dark paneling covered the walls. Blue plush carpeting. Two king size beds. Two couches and matching chairs. One wall had a closet, counter with drawers under it with a big TV on top. Strategically placed mirrors were on the walls and over the beds. The bath had besides the usual fixtures a bidet and a huge tiled shower stall with several hand held flexible heads.

As they all gazed admiringly at the finished room, Ruth spoke up saying. "We need to initiate this place! Let's fuck!" With those words she stripped naked, exposing her ample body. 

Sherri and Jack watched in amazement as their four black employees, naked, rushed to the two beds. Each woman with a different man than their own. Sherri looked to Jack, shrugged her shoulders and disrobed, telling him. "Come on!" 

Sherri laid on the bed next to where Ruth and her brother-in-law were already fucking. Spread her legs invitingly to Jack as he, by this time was also naked, lowered his mouth to her open pussy and started eating her. 

"Ooh, yesss!. It's been such a long time since you've licked me. Eat meee! Please eat meee love!"

It had been weeks since Jack had any sex and he eagerly lapped at her tasty cunt. She was shaved as bald as a baby. Smooth sweet flesh surrounded her puffy pussy lips, as her nectar flowed to his thrusting tongue.

Sherri quivered with several climaxes and wanting more urged him up to cover her hot body with his. Reaching she grasped his hard shaft and guided it to her hungry pussy. Sighing as he sunk easily into her. 

Quickly they fell into a nice steady fucking rhythm. It had been years since they last fucked but both remembered how good it had been. As he pushed in she thrust her ass up to greet his familiar stiff cock. All to soon his body shuttered as her pussy milked him of his cum. A final thrust and he shot his load deep into her. "Oh. YEA!!" Jack cried. 

"Nice boss." He heard near his ear. Looking up Jack saw a smiling Ruth next to him. "You fuck nice."

Glancing around the room he saw both other couples still connected. Ruth was laying so close to him that their sides were rubbing, he could feel their movements. She was still fucking her brother-in-law. Her sister was sucking John's nice sized cock on the other bed. 

Returning from a needed piss, he found Sherri watching as Ruth sucked on a hard black cock. She had her face close watching it sliding between Ruth's red lips. 

Ruth raised her head and held the black wet shaft toward Sherri. "You want some?"

"I never had a black cock" She replied.

"Tastes the same. Good. Try it."

Sherri was tempted. It did look nice. Shining wet. Just slightly longer than Jack's. Why not?

With Ruth holding to it Sherri allowed the tip to brush against her lips. She tasted a drop of pre cum on her tongue. Opening her mouth she allowed the head to enter. Then taking in several inches she licked the spongy shaft. It was good, she liked it! Ruth removed her hand allowing Sherri to engulf this new cock completely. 

"Come on boss man! Your turn with me." Ruth said laying back.

Jack, hard again from seeing Sherri sucking on Mike's black cock. Eagerly plunged himself deep into Ruth's sloppy hole. She was full of fresh cum and his rigid cock easily slipped in. Sloppy seconds. Ruth might have been heavy but she was solid. Her huge tits cushioned him while her legs wrapped around his ass pulling him closer. Having recently cum with Sherri he was able to last long enough to make Ruth very happy before he added his deposit to her well filled cunt. 

After the impromptu orgy they showered and dressed. 

"That was a great way to christen our new cabin." Sherri said. Then asked. "When will the next one be done?"

"You go girl!" Ruth added triumphantly.

The normal routine continued. Cars stopped for gas and/or food which Ruth and John took care of. Four cabins were rented. Not bad for a beginning. 

With the weekend coming up Sherri made a few calls. Then told Jack that there would be five or six couples arriving to check in. "Some will have to do with the other cabins but said they can get by OK with what we have."

"That sounds great. Looks like we're in business." Jack said, kissing her.

Everyone checked the cabins for cleanliness, towels, soap, etc. Generally just making sure of things for their expected guests.

Saturday morn Jack rose early. Ruth and John were already there at seven. Ruth served Jack a large breakfast, saying. "Your going to need your strength for today. Going to be busy." 

"Hope so, hope things go good and all our guests have fun."

"Have FUN! Most will be so busy fuckin. They won't know their having fun." John laughed.

Just then Sherri came in and sat next to Jack. "Morning love." She murmured as she kissed his cheek. "Ready for the day?" 

Before he could answer a van pulled in front and a middle age couple came in asking about rates for two days and nights for them and two children. They had been on the road all night and needed a couple days rest. Jack offered them a package of a double cabin, one for the adults and the other for the kids. They accepted, paid, then went to park Jack had given them the cabin closest to the main building to keep them away from the swap group that will be staying at the other end. 

About an hour later two pretty young girls wearing short robes, came in the snack bar and asked if the pool was open for use. When Jack told them that it was only for guests they said that they had just checked in with their parents. Realizing who they were he gave permission. Warning that there were no life guards and to be careful. 

"Thanks, we 'll be very careful." They both said turning to leave. As they turned the robe of one flared open, exposing a tiny bikini that barely covered two big lovely tits."Excuse me." She said, smiling as she slowly covered herself. 

The pool had a high privacy fence around it. Could only be seen from his office and upstairs of the main building, allowing him to check on any occupants. Taking advantage of this Jack entered his office and closed the door. 

Adjusting the blind he peered at these sweet things as they discarded their robes and dove in the water. Admiring their sexy bodies in skimpy bikinis. "Damn it." He cursed himself for being a pervert, spying on young girls. He left the room. 

Two couples arrived in one car and asked for Sherri. She greeted them with big hugs and wet kisses. "Jack. This is Mary, Ralph and Sue and Jim. The first of our party group to arrive.

Both couples were in their late forties, well dressed. The women in slacks and light blouses, men wearing shorts and Sport shirts. Mary, 5'7", short reddish hair, pretty freckled face. Low cut blouse showing nice cleavage, sprinkled with freckles. Sue tall 5'10", med brown hair, slim, no bra, allowing pointed nipples to poke through her blouse front. Ralph and Jim both 6', Ralph med build, salt and pepper short hair, small mustache. Jim, slightly heavy, Dark wavy hair, tanned. Both were good looking men. 

"Come on. I'll show you our new party place." Sherri called as she led them out.

Things started hopping. By two o'clock five more couples showed up for the party group and they had rented three more cabins to regular travelers. One couple with two teens, a son and daughter, took two cabins. Sherri and Jack put two couples in each of the regular cabins and one was eagerly welcomed by the first pair in the renovated cabin. All had been cautioned about the straight couples at the other end. Not to fool with them. AND, if they used the pool "suits" were required. No nudity outside. If they switched to other cabins at least robes had to be worn in between.

Ruth and John were kept busy with the snack bar and gas customers. Ruth called for her sister and her husband to come and help. 

Around six, during a slow period Ruth remarked to Sherri. "All this screwing going on around here and we're not getting any, darn it!"

"If you really need some go grab Jack for a quicky." Sherri told her.

"That's good for me, how about you?"

Sherri laughed and replied. "I'm going up stairs, you can send John up for me."

Ruth looked at her. "You serious?"

"Send him!" Sherri said anxiously over her shoulder as she left. 

Leaving Pearl at the snack bar Ruth found John. "Hun, want a fuck some white pussy?" 

"What? What you talkin about woman?"

"There's a fine piece of prime white cunt just waitin for your nice big cock to fill it."

"Where that at?"

"Miss Sherri is waitin upstairs for you to fuck her. Go get it. Go Man, Go!"

"Your foolin with me?"

"I'm not foolin, she told me to send you to her. Now, go."

As John made his way up. Ruth entered Jacks office to find him at the window holding his bare, stiff cock in his hand. He was watching four teenagers in the pool. Two were the sisters from before with the other teens. The girls were topless and teasing the male, rubbing their bare titties on him and allowing him caress them as they groped his cock. They were all having fun.

"Young pussy is nice." Ruth told him. "Older is better." 

Surprised he turned to see Ruth removing her clothes. Posing naked before him she asked." Want to fuck?" 

Jack's cock, stiff from watching the kids, dropped his shorts and led her to the couch. He dropped to his knees and lowered his mouth to her curly bush. Jack spread her cunt lips with his fingers and licked the pink flesh of her inner pussy. When she was wet enough he raised up and thrust his hard cock to her slick opening. The old couch sagged under their weight as he pounded to her. She was right. Nothing is as good as an experienced woman that loves to fuck, Ruth was good fuckin.

Slowing down a bit, he wanted this fuck to last. She was keeping pace with him, she wanted the same. A good fuckin.

Jack glanced at the door. "Did you lock the door? I don't want Sherri to catch us like this."

"Don't worry about her. John is taking good care of her."

"John? Sherri? He's?" Jack sputtered.

"Yea. Hopefully he's balls deep in her white cunt right now, while your fucking me so well."

"That's great. Hope she's enjoying his cock as much as I'm enjoying your pussy."

"Shut up white boy and fuck."

He did. 

As John reached the top of the stairs he heard a voice call."John, in here."

Opening the door he saw in the dim light a figure lying on the bed partially covered with a white sheet. Sherries attractive tits were exposed to him. "Come in. I've been waiting for you." 

"You sure you want this?" John asked. "Ruth said you wanted for me to come up."

"Yesss, John. Get undressed and join me. I need you."

John slowly stripped and went to the bed. Sherri looked admiringly at his well build ebony body as he approached. A seven inch long, rigid black cock jutted toward her. Sherri pulled back the sheet showing him that she was totally naked and eagerly waiting for him. 

She rolled into his arms and kissed him hungrily. With open mouths they french kissed, swapping spit with probing tongues. Sherri reached between his legs and wrapped her hand around his beautiful hard cock. He was ready for her and she wanted him. 

"Me on top." She whispered and as he rolled over she mounted him. Guiding the thick, hard black shaft to connect with her dripping wet, hungry for cock, pussy.

Slowly settling down she allowed his thick prick to fill her. When she felt his pubic hair against her bald cunt lips she knew she had him all in. "Fuck me." 

As she lustfully rode on his marvelous hard cock John reached to her bouncing tits. Grasping them lightly he toyed with her hard nipples, pinching hard occasionally, bringing moans of pleasure from her. "Yesss, that's nice. Fuucckk me!!"

Continuing to ride energetically on her stud, his thrusting cock giving her great pleasure. Sherri quivered with many wonderful climaxes. Grateful that his staying power was so great. Seemingly they fucked for hours but it was only twenty minuets before John said he was ready to cum. 

"Not in my pussy. I want to taste you. Cum in my mouth." With that Sherri quickly moved to take his spurting cock between her lips. Cum filled her mouth as she sucked, savoring the taste and volume of his thick fresh cum, swishing it around with her tongue then swallowing it all.

Relaxing in his strong arms Sherri told him. "If you fuck me steady like that I'll give you a raise in pay."

John kissed her, replying. "If you fuck me steady that good I'll work free."

They both laughed, got dressed and went downstairs.

The place was in turmoil. Ruth and Pearl were cooking and serving food to several people. Most of the tables were filled. Half were occupied with couples from the party bunch, the rest with the regular guests. At one table a party couple sat with a regular couple. At another two couples sat with the four teens, all eight in quiet conversation. 
