 Our friend Marlene is a wonderful woman who is very sensual, and very sexy. I had often thought of making love to her, and she figured in my wife Kay's and my fantasies. We had often talked about making love to Marlene, but nothing had ever come of it, so after several years of friendship, I kinda' gave up, although Kay and I still talked about it.

Marlene is a home care nurse, so she is always very touchy, and very loving, so I guess whenever she was cuddly with me or Kay, it always seemed to fit in with her personality, and we took it for just friendship. Marlene, had lived with a guy Mark. We thought he was a jerk, so when they split up about three years ago we were very happy, but what Marlene did next surprised us. There was this attractive, but jock type girl Caroline, who worked in the office of the unit where Marlene was based, and they moved in together! I would never have guessed that Marlene was attracted to women, despite her being very touchy feely with Kay. 

Kay's slightly bi tendancies now came out more in our fantasy talks, but I was, I guess less sure.However because we were so close, our times together were very intimate, and we started to talk more about our sexual desires. Marlene and Kay especially talked about women making love to other women, and I commented how natural I thought it was. The problem was that Caroline was jealous of our relationship, and always was there, or calling when Marlene was over, so we actually saw very little of her any more. So our talks never went anywhere, and we gradually saw very little of our friend.

About six months ago Marlene and Caroline split up, and although we knew it was a sad time for Marlene , we were so happy to be seeing more of our friend again. The other cool thing was that all our sexy talk just grew and grew, and we were in a constant state of arousal when Marlene was around. We went out lots together to movies and dinner and the occasional dance at our club. 

Last Halloween we went to the club dance and were all feeling a little crazy, Marlene was dressed like Wonder Woman and Kay was dressed like an old time villian. Towards the end of the evening Kay started to dance with Marlene and the guys were teasing asking Kay if she was going to tie up Wonder Woman and have her way with her. The girls played along and it was all good fun. I thought that the girls were really gettting into it, but nobody else seemed to notice. When we left they had their arms around one another and Kay was kissing Marlene's neck, but it still seemed all part of the act. When we got in the car Kay asked Marlene if she wanted to stay over, and Marlene simply replied "Yes!" My cock went immediately hard, and I knew that someone's fantasy had a good chance of coming true that night.

We got to our place and Kay immediately put on some music ansd started to dance with Marlene. It was a slow dance and they were holding one another very close. Then Kay took Marlene's face in her hands and said , " I have wanted to do this for over five years". She then put her mouth on Marlene's and they started to kiss. They opened their eyes from time to time, but never broke the kiss, and their costumes seemed to just melt away. I was transfixed, and as I stood there touching my cock through my pants, and feeling it become rock hard, these two women of my desire became naked and sank to the floor in front of me. 

It was as though Kay had made love to women all her life. The two of them caressed and kissed each other's mouths, their necks, their breasts. It was incredible to watch Kay suck Marlene's nipple and see her arch her body in desire, and pull Kay into her. For the first time Marlene noticed me while my wife seemed oblivious to my presence. She took Kay's nipple in her mouth, and slid her fingers down to Kay's pussy while she kept her eyes on mine. She then alternated between Kay's nipple and mouth while her fingers fucked my sweet wife's pussy. She gradually slid down Kay's body, opening Kay's legs more so that we could both see the response of Kay's body. Kay's body was trembling and she was softly moaning. Marlene would look at me then look at Kay's pussy and fuck her even faster with her fingers.

"Would you like to see me suck her?", she asked.

All I could do was nod. I didn't know which one was turning me on more, Marlene the sensual seducer or Kay whose lust seemed to overflow, so I just stood there stroking my cock. I was still dressed so it was like watching some incredible sex show, except these women were real and the passion was very, very real. I almost came as Marlene licked Kay for the first time. She still had her fingers in her pussy and was able to fuck her with her fingers while she lashed her pussy with her tongue. It was incredible. Kay's hand came down to Marlene's pussy, and as Marlene spread her legs I saw her pussy ready to be fucked for the first time in our home. It was so beautiful and so different from Kay's. 

Marlene turned to me and said, " I have dreamed of this for as long as I have known you both, I feel like I want to fuck you both and fuck forever."

Kay spread Marlene's pussy lips apart and for the first time noticed me and smiled."It's even better than I imagined Darling. I'm going to suck her for a while, and then I would like it if you would join us."

The two of them seemed to ooze into a sixty nine position, and as their bodies undulated in passion I could hear and watch the sounds and sights of tongues and pussies as they fucked one another with their mouths. Kay came first and the Marlene followed with an orgasm that went on and on. Kay slowed her pace and took her fingers out of Marlene's cunt and sensually licked all around her pussy. This seemed to spur Marlene's speed as she pistoned her fingers in and out of Kay while her mouth devoured her pussy.

Kay soon sped up again and her body started to heave and she let out a scream of pleasure and came harder than I had ever seen before. Marlene's orgasm seemed to reach another crescendo, and she too came hard. I could see the stain of my cum on my silk pirates costume, and I started to laugh, thinking how ridiculous I must look still in a silly costume with my straining cock pushing my fake wooden sword to the side.

Coming out of their lovemaking the girls noticed what I was on about. They both laughed, and Marlene said "I think you look great in that costume, and I thought you looked very handsome tonight, but I think you'd look even better out of it."

Then Kay turned naughtily to Marlene and said "We can both play with that other bigger looking sword he's got hidden in his pants!"

As I started to undress the girls started stroking one another's hair, with their legs interlocked and their pussies touching, and as they watched they gently kissed and their bodies slowly moved against each other. It was almost too much, and when I finally got my clothes off I could see that my cock was well and truly moist. I moved over and lay beside them, kissing first one then the other and then both together Their lips moved down my body in a trail of gentle kisses until they had had my cock in their mouths, licking and sucking with loud slurps as I felt my cock swell to bursting. I knew I wouldn't last long, and so I told them so.

"Don't worry darling," said Kay, "it's your time. We want you to enjoy this as much as we have, and I think Marlene loves your cock as much as I do." She then took my cock deep into her throat while Marlene cupped my balls gently in one hand and stroked Kay's face with the other one, while she looked into my eyes.

It was too much , and I knew I couldn't hold on, so I said "I'm going to cum!"

As Kay quickened her pace Marlene said simply "Please?" and Kay passed my cock into Marlene's waiting mouth. If it was possible for my lust to increase, it did. Marlene never took her eyes off me, and as I exploded into her mouth she kept sucking while Kay milked my balls. It was a feeling of such pleasure I cannot describe it. Then as I lay down I looked at these two sexy women and realised the wonderful thing we had shared.

Marlene had a little tear in her eye as she said, "I have never done that before Tod, and I'm glad it was with you." We all hugged, and felt all close and loving. 

The gentle kisses that we shared soon grew into more sensual ones, and as Marlene started to caress my cock, I felt it grow with her touches. " Are we going to do this again?" I queried.

"I guess so," replied Marlene as she sank her mouth onto my cock and it shot to full size.

Kay started kissing me and whispered, "I want to see you fuck her Tod, I want to see your cock in her cunt." She then mashed her mouth into mine in complete and utter lust. Kay bent down and kissed Marlene just as passionately all the time saying between mouthfuls "Fuck him Marlene , fuck him, let me put his cock in you, I want to see you fuck, I want to see his cock in your pussy." This was a side of Kay I had never seen in all the years we had been married, and I realised just what a sexual being she was, and it completely set me free.

Marlene and I started kissing, while Kay licked and sucked us both. My cock felt harder and harder, and Marlene got up and poised her beautiful nether lips over me, teasing me while she looked in my eyes. Kay was touching us both and kissing Marlene's breasts and tweaking her nipples. Then Marlene sank down on my cock and I felt like I was home. Kay was very much a part of it as she touched and kissed both of us wherever she could get at. She then asked Marlene to turn around and I had the experience of my life. As I looked at Marlene's sexy back and arse and she pumped up and down on me I felt Kay's mouth start to work its magic on my cock, and I could feel Marlene go into sexual overdrive as Kay's tongue lapped at her clit. It was magic. Kay was playing us like an orchestra and fulfilling all her own desires at the same time. Once more I felt my cock swell to what felt like an incredible size, as I heard first Marlene and then Kay voice their pleasure as they both came. 

Kay started to talk to me as I began that journey where I knew I was going to cum.

"Fuck her Darling, your cock looks so beautiful and her cunt, oh I just want to lick it and suck it and fuck it."

This started to turn Marlene on again, and she started to buck harder, then screamed at Kay "Kiss me, oh please kiss me". Kay knelt up, sat astride my legs and rubbed her pussy on my thigh as she leant into Marlene's mouth. Their moans were smothered as their mouths fused together. As my seed spurted upward, I felt wonder watching these two creatures loving one another while they satisfied my pleasure. We collapsed in a heap and just lay there looking at one another, no one saying a word.

Kay broke the spell by asking, "Oh! did I offer anyone a drink?" Marlene and I started to laugh, and Kay queried quite seriously, "What are you two laughing about?" My darling may be an animal when it comes to love making, but she's a lady when it comes to company, especially after she's got her rocks off.