 I didn’t see Sheila at work until about mid-morning. She was wearing her usual friendly smile and of course her trademark partially unbuttoned blouse just to tease the guys. 

“Want to do lunch again today?” she asked.

“Yes, most definitely!”

I think she could tell by my reply that we’d have a very interesting chat while eating. Today though, I’ll have to remember to do more eating and less talking.

Lunchtime finally rolled around and Sheila and I headed for a quiet little café near the office. We could talk without being overheard by anyone sitting close to us. Sheila did most of the talking slipping in a few questions now and then. She was as excited as I was if not more about the possibilities of us getting into the swing scene.

I told her Rick and I wanted to give it a shot and see how we both handled it. If we have any doubts that it’s for us, then we’ll get out of it right away.

“Sounds like you’ve got the right sense of mind about swinging, it isn’t for everyone. But, you never know until you’ve tried it.” Sheila quoted.

“Well, how do we get into it? You know. How do we meet couples, especially couples that we might like and hit if off with?” I asked.

“How about you and Rick coming over to the house this Saturday evening for a drink with Mike and I? We’ll all get a chance to talk it over together. It’ll give us a chance to all know each other better. Just talk and a few drinks, no commitments.”

“No commitments? You mean we won’t be doing anything……….sexual. Right?”

“Right. Just a social meeting. We can take it from there later on.” Replied Sheila 

I’d met Sheila’s husband Mike a few times at the office when he’d stopped in to see her. He seemed like a very nice guy, friendly smile, firm handshake. Handsome without doubt, at least in my mind he was. I figured if I was going to have sex with another guy he might as well be handsome. I had to chuckle internally at the thought of having sex with Mike. Wonder if he was average size or bigger.

Rick was all excited about meeting Mike and Sheila socially and finding out more about the swinging lifestyle and their experiences. I’ll have to admit I was just as excited at the idea. I think knowing that we weren’t going to be doing anything sexual kept me from being nervous and scared.

Saturday evening rolled around and Rick and I prepared to go over to Mike and Sheila’s. Rick wanted me to dress sexy, not like I’d dress for work at the office. I put on a nice lacy white blouse and short, black leather skirt with a slit up the side. I was definitely showing a lot of leg. Rick put on a pair of Dockers and one of his best dress shirts. We looked great, even if I do say so myself.

We drove into town and met Mike and Sheila at their new home. Mike’s a contractor and he’d built their home himself. It was in one of the better neighborhoods, quiet without being in one of those gated communities. I introduced Mike to Rick and the two of them shook hands and smiled at each other. I remember Rick having a big grin on his face when Sheila strode up to him. She put her arm around his and escorted us both into their livingroom. The house was absolutely gorgeous, cathedral ceilings, accent lighting, beautiful hardwood flooring. Sheila gave us a brief tour of the ground floor. Mike put his arm around my waist and guided me to the great room where they had a beautiful bar. Not a little dinky bar, but a bar suitable for a small nightclub.   

Mike was quite the gentleman, pulling out a barstool for me and helping me get situated. Rick sat to my left with Sheila next to him. Sheila was wearing a blue jumpsuit with a neckline that plunged almost to her waist. She was showing plenty of tit and Rick’s a big tit man. He was definitely enjoying the view.

Mike poured Sheila and I some very dry white, French wine. I’d never tasted any wine so good in all my life. It was a very good sipping wine without being too alcoholic. Mike and Rick had beer; something they seemed to feel was a “guy thing”. We chatted about their house, work and latest news. Mike started conversing with me about my thoughts of swinging. I felt relaxed enough to tell him about my slight apprehension. He smiled and said it was normal for me to feel that way. I wasn’t the only one who’d felt that way. He related Sheila feeling the same way when the two of them had gotten into swinging. I admitted to Mike that I was worried that Rick might get upset if I had sex with another guy even though he’d be busy with another girl. Rick being with another girl didn’t bother me though.

“I can handle it Hon. Don’t worry about me getting jealous.” 

“Are you sure? I mean really sure it wouldn’t bother you if I got in bed with another guy”.

“Nope, not at all”

His replies still didn’t convince me that he really and truly meant what he was saying. I just had to accept it and say “OK”.

Mike and Sheila talked about meeting couples and attending swinger’s parties. Much to both Rick and my amazement, we didn’t realize there were so many couples into the swinging lifestyle. Couples of all ages, occupations and varied interests. Mike hit on the subject of bisexual women. Think maybe he was trying to get my reaction to the idea. I’d seen scenes of girl on girl sex in the porno movies and wondered about it. Just wondered, not really thought it was something I’d think about trying. Bi-curious, Mike referred to it as.

Mike and Sheila’s information on the swinging scene seemed to have a calming effect on both Rick and I. They made it sound so cool to be involved in it. I was a little concerned that it might be like consensual rape. Just an idea I had in the back of my mind. Mike reassured me that you only want to swing with couples you enjoy being with and feel comfortable with. I think Rick and I felt comfortable with Mike and Sheila. Kind of hoping they might be the ones to “break us in” for use of a better term. Sheila mentioned that some couples don’t like to meet first-time swingers because they fear there might be a bad scene and then everyone is turned off. Rick and I could understand what she was saying. I can see where it would be a big turn-off.

The evening was going great. Sheila had fixed shrimp cocktails for all of us to snack on along with some imported cheeses. I’ll have to admit, and I did, that Rick and I were totally taken in by the two of them. They were really nice people, not just sexy, but the most personable people you’d want to share good times with.

We adjourned to an area of the great room with a large u-shaped sectional. Rick and Sheila sat across from Mike and I. It seemed a little strange at first not sitting with my husband but Mike made me feel most comfortable. Maybe it was the wine or maybe the sexual conversation of the evening but I kind of wanted Mike to kiss me. Rick had his arm around Sheila. The sight of the two of them like that didn’t bother me at all. In fact, I was kind of turned on by it. Rick still had the smile on his face and he didn’t seem to care that Mike and I had engaged in quiet conversation between the two of us. Mike and I shared a cigarette together and laughed about the two of us having a bad habit in common.

Sheila got up from the sectional and placed two lighted, scented candles on the coffee table. She turned the lights off and the room was just lit by the candles. It was a very romantic setting. Mike took the cigarette from my fingers and snuffed it out in the ashtray on the coffee table. He looked at Mike and then put his arm around me pulling me in close. I leaned my head back and he kissed me softly, his lips moving ever so lightly over mine. I was in another world. I didn’t think about Rick and Sheila sitting right across from us, where they could see what was going on. When Mike released his lips from mine my eyes immediately went in Rick’s direction. He was busy kissing Sheila and it appeared he was fondling her breasts through the outside of her jumpsuit. I thought “oh-oh, what was Mike’s reaction going to be.” Mike just smiled and leaned in for another long and passionate kiss. I welcomed his lips as they moved sensuously over mine. I was breathing hard and when he protruded his tongue into my mouth I couldn’t resist flicking my tongue all over his. I was so turned on I forgot the two of us weren’t alone. 

Mike’s hand fondled my breasts through my lacey blouse. I’m not big breasted like Sheila, just a 34B, but Mike didn’t act like he minded my small size. I moved my arms so he could have easy access to both my breasts. My breasts have always been very sensitive and it doesn’t take a lot of stimulation to get me turned on. Mike’s got rather large hands and his caresses felt so damn good. He wasn’t rough, just soft and gentle. The thought crossed my mind that the four of us were supposed to be just spending a social evening together. It appeared that things were going a bit farther than expected. I wasn’t complaining, just enjoying!

I forgot about Rick and Sheila sitting across from us. My only thoughts were of Mike and I. Figured the two of them were getting along just fine, besides I wasn’t really interested in watching another couple kissing. 

Mike’s hand moved from my aroused breasts to my legs. He brushed his hand back and forth across my knee seeing if I was going to object to his touching me there I suppose. I didn’t object at all. He slowly and gently moved his hand up my leg beneath my slit leather skirt. Glad Rick suggested I wear it for this occasion. Mike’s teeth were lightly nibbling on my lower lip. I was so turned on by his passion. Mike’s lips moved to my neck, softly kissing me. His hand was all the way up my skirt. I stretched my body so I could move my legs apart to allow him access to my hot, wet pussy. I could feel his hand rubbing back and forth across my panties. I was moaning like I was in ecstasy and not coming back down forever. I was a little embarrassed by how wet my pussy was but it was Mike who was causing it to be that way. Mike continued to rub my pussy bringing me to a slight orgasm. I started to cry out but Mike put his mouth over mine to muffle the sound. His tongue plunged into my mouth almost causing me to choke. He stopped massaging my pussy through my panties.

“You alright, Hon?” 

“Oh yeah, better than alright” I replied.

My reply put a big smile on his face. The two of us looked over at Rick and Sheila, barely visible with just the two candles illuminating the room. Rick had Sheila’s jumpsuit unfastened and her breasts were bared for him. Rick was sucking on one of her nipples while massaging her breasts. Sheila’s head was laid back and we could hear her moaning as Rick worked her tits over with his mouth and hands. Mike smiled at me, maybe seeing if I was going to react to seeing Rick with Sheila.

“Hang on a minute” Mike said. Mike got up off the couch pulling me up with him. My legs felt a little wobbly. I had a hard time steadying myself. Think it was the combination of drinking a lot of wine and being fingered to orgasm. Rick and Sheila looked up at us to see what we were doing.

“Rick, I’m going to take Diane up to the bedroom and fuck her like she’s never been fucked”

My face was flushed at his statement. I couldn’t fathom Mike making such a statement.

Rick’s reply, “OK, have fun.”