 Swinging in France: The Party

Mentor de Lyon

As always, the evening began with our before party preparation. Bathing, dressing, and applying Jen's makeup. The only difference between this evening and our usual dinner parties with friends was that we would be fucking someone else, and watching each other giving and receiving sexual pleasures with partners we would meet at the party.

"How do I look?" Jen asked turning around so that I could see her from all angles.

Jen was wearing a black corset with garters and sheer black stockings with wide lace tops. She had shaved her pussy bare and I was again amazed at how beautiful she looked.

"You look fantastic." I replied.

I took her into my arms and kissed her passionately, letting my fingers trail down her back past the the tightly cinched satin ties of her corset to the smooth swell of her ass, which I knew she would use to excite and seduce other guests, both men and women.

"I have a feeling this party will be hot." Jen whispered. "Lets get ready."

I was wearing a black suit with a black dress shirt and black boots. The inside pockets of the suit jacket were perfect for carrying several condoms and small packets of lube.

"You look very hot tonight too." Jen smiled.

Jen slipped a thin black halter dress over her corset. It had a plunging neckline and barely covered her stocking tops. She adjusted it to uncover her shoulders and then pulled on a pair of long black leather boots that rose to the middle of her thighs. I smiled as I imagined her being fucked over the back of a couch with that dress pulled up over her ass, still wearing those high-heeled boots.

Jen checked her makeup and put on a necklace and a small pair of earrings that weren't likely to get accidentally pulled on during the night's activities. I retrieved our bottle of champagne and a quiche that had been cooling in the kitchen and we met at the door of our apartment.

"Are you ready?" Jen asked.

"Always." I returned, smacking her lightly on her ass and feeling that she had decided to go without panties that evening. 

The drive to the party was about 40 minutes, which we passed reminiscing on past past parties with this group of swingers and imagining what excitements and surprises the evening would hold. This would be nearly the 20th party we had attended that had been organized by our friend M, a gentleman who we had met three years previously on a French swingers website.

Swinging is a well established alternative lifestyle in France. There are several websites on which "libertine" couples or singles can describe their desires and sexual preferences, post photos and videos (both public and private) and chat live with or without video. This particular site also offers video exhibitions in which members can perform sex acts of all varieties and broadcast them to live to paying members.

We first met M in person when we invited him to join us at our apartment for champagne and appetizers, which we had correctly predicted would progress into our first MMF threesome. M was interesting and personable and we immediately felt completely at ease with him. I invited him to sit next to Jen on our couch and I settled into a chair facing them.

After two glasses of the delicious champagne he had brought us, his hand moved to Jen's stocking-clad knee and I watched it as he slid it slowly up her leg to find her black laced stocking top and garter and then finally to the creamy smooth skin of her thigh. Jen turned to him and they shared their first passionate kiss. When they broke their kiss I lifted Jen to her feet, kissed her deeply, and then took off her dress leaving her in her corset, stockings and black patent heels.

M stood to share her lips with me as I unfastened several hooks at the top of her corset to expose her full breasts and hard nipples to his hungry eyes. Jen could feel M's erection against her thigh and I watched her as she sank to her knees to unbuckle his belt and unfasten his pants. Quickly accomplishing her task, she slowly pulled his pants and black briefs down to the middle of his thighs to liberate his rising erection. M moaned with desire as Jen took his cock into the warm silky wetness of her mouth and her expert lips and tongue brought him to full hardness.

I stripped as I watched Jen's bobbing head as she took the whole length of M's long thick cock into the recesses of her mouth and throat. His sighs of pleasure echoed Jen's as he grasped her head and began to fuck her mouth. 

M realized that Jen's expert cock-sucking would soon have him shooting his hot fuck juice down her throat, so he lifted her to her feet to kiss her again. I laid her back onto the couch and removed her black lace thong, giving M time to completely undress.

When he was nude, M knelt between Jen's open thighs to eat her pussy. I stroked and pinched Jen's nipples while M licked and sucked her slippery clit. Then I turned her head toward me and slipped my cock between her waiting lips. Jen sucked me while M slipped two fingers into her hot wet cunt while pummeling her clit with his tongue. 

I felt Jen's moans in my cock as M's well practiced tongue and fingers brought her to the evening's first orgasm. I jacked my cock over her open mouth as she threw her head back, cried out, and came all over M's face. When she had finished coming we gently lifted her to her feet and walked her to the bedroom, where Jen and I had lit candles and placed condoms and lube within easy reach of the bed.

M and I each took Jen into our arms and kissed her deeply and tenderly. Jen knew that our tenderness would end there and that M and I were going to fuck her senseless. That thought excited her even more. We made her kneel next to the bed and took turns feeding her our stiff cocks both dripping with pre-cum. She sucked one and then the other while jacking us with one hand and frigging her slippery engorged clit with the other.

"Fuck me," Jen demanded looking up into M's half-hooded eyes. "I want both of you to fuck me until I faint."

With that, I lifted her up into a kneeling position on the corner of the bed so that her ass was facing M. He tore open a condom and rolled it onto his hard thick shaft. Jen looked up at me and parted her lips to receive my cock. Then, M and I fucked her from both ends. M pounded her sopping wet cunt, which drove my fuck-stick deeper into Jen's mouth and throat. Jen balanced herself on one hand while continuing to masturbate with the other.

"Yeah, fuck her...fuck her good!" I called to M. "Fuck her like the little cum-slut she is."

I knew that my "raw" words would help send Jen over the edge, and in an instant she impaled herself on M's rod and exploded into a powerful second orgasm.

"Oh fuck...oh fuck yes...YES!" Jen cried as her fingers flew over her sopping wet clitoris extending her orgasm to its limit.

When Jen finally came down from her orgasmic high, M lay down on the bed and Jen moved to straddled him. She grasped his cock, still glistening with her cum, and guided it between her fuck-swollen cunt lips. I watched M's fat purple cock-head slowly split them apart as Jen's hot wet fuck-hole engulfed him once more.

I stroked my cock watching them fuck and then retrieved a bottle of lube from the nightstand. I knelt between M's legs and placing my hand on Jen's back, pushed her down toward M's chest so that he could kiss Jen and suck her nipples while he fucked her. This position exposed Jen's creamy smooth ass and tight rosebud to me. I gently parted her cheeks and rimmed her until her nether hole softened and then opened under the pressure of my tongue.

I warmed some lube in my hand as I watched M's cock slowly piston in and out of my lovely wife's pussy and listened to their moans of pleasure and lust. Then, I smoothed the warm lube over Jen's asshole letting some of it trickle down onto M's rock-hard shaft and his tight shaved ball-sack. I applied a little more to my pulsing erection and then pushed my cock-head firmly against Jen's slippery orifice.

Hearing Jen's cry of pleasure, M stopped fucking her long enough for my cock to fully enter her ass. Then, we both fucked her.

"Ahhhh...oh my god...I'm so fucking full..fuck...fuck me!" Jen cried.

The physical and mental intensity of the lewd double-penetration was quickly becoming too much for her to resist and I knew she would come soon.

"Oui...ahhh...ahhh...yes... fuck me harder," Jen cried. 

As Jen's pleasure reached its crescendo, M skillfully pinched her nipples and I spanked Jen's ass cheeks hard to make her come. Jen's body tensed and then spasmed as her orgasm hit her and Jen's pussy juices flooded over M's cock and balls. 

When Jen's orgasm had peaked, I felt M's cock begin to jerk beneath me as he spewed his load into the hot wet depths of Jen's cunt sending a flood of orgasmic aftershocks through her.

As there was nothing left for me to add to the intensity of Jen's pleasure, I grasped her hips pulling her fully onto my cock, then groaning loudly, pumped stream after stream of my white-hot sperm deep into her ass.

The sultry woman's voice on the GPS announced in French that we had arrived at the location of the party. We drove through an iron gate into a gravel courtyard where several cars belonging to other guests were already parked. M was the first to greet us as we gathered the quiche and bottle of champagne to present to the evening's host. M kissed Jen on both cheeks in greeting, as is customary in our part of France, and then led us through the door of the stone farmhouse and introduced us to Pierre, our host. Pierre took Jen's coat and I handed him the champagne and set the quiche on a table in the living room which had been arranged into an open space for the party.

There were chairs along the wall and a roaring fire in the stone fireplace, which made the room feel and smell cozy and inviting. Jen and I then made the rounds, greeting the other guests with kisses on each cheek that lingered longer than usual as we exchanged first names.

Couples chatted with new acquaintances and old friends alike while helping themselves to the enticing spread of food items contributed by the various guests. I filled Jen's champagne glass and tried a slice of our quiche as well as some of the excellent regional cheeses with crispy slices of fresh baguette.

The men were dressed nicely in dinner jackets or sweaters over stylish pants. All of the women were dressed seductively, but with class, in a style that had become to be known as "porno chic". They wore either dresses or short skirts and black stockings and garters with black high-heeled pumps or boots. After we had snacked, I refilled Jen's champagne glass again and we kissed each other tenderly.

"See you later?" Jen asked with a knowing smile.

We then separated for a time, as we often do at M's parties, to mingle individually with the other guests, some of whom arrived as singles and others as couples.

An advantage of M's private parties over other swinging venues such as clubs or saunas, is that all guests including single men and women have been hand selected by M and are usually full swingers or "échangistes" in French, meaning that they welcome protected penetrative sex with other partners, as opposed to those who restrict themselves to having intercourse only with their spouse or significant other.

As the evening progressed, I struck up conversations with several women I found especially attractive and I noticed that Jen was doing the same with men as well as with a petite woman called Nadia who had arrived alone.

Since the group of potential guests is quite large (over 1000 couples), it was not uncommon for us to not know any of the other guests, apart from M. Conversation topics varied from sexual to non-sexual such as work or travel and everyone we met was in a festive mood.

During this non-sexual part of these parties, I am always struck with how happy and secure the couples are that we meet. The ability to share freely their common desire to expand their sexual lives outside the couple becomes a strength and a source of variety that heightens desire within the couple as well.

For most couples, there is a barrier of sexual jealousy that must be directly confronted and broken through during the beginning of their foray into the world of swinging. Passing this barrier requires, love, trust, tenderness, and understanding, which are all important traits of any loving relationship. Swinging is something that can only be done for oneself,never as a gift to the other partner if this type of lifestyle is to be maintained and nurtured within the couple.

An enticing display of "sinful" deserts were laid out on the table in the kitchen. I tasted a few of the chocolate items and struck up a conversation about cats with a lovely brunette wearing a leopard skin printed outfit complete with "cat ears". She and I shared some of the just released Nouveau Beaujolais and discovered that we shared an interest in raising pure-bred cats.

At swingers parties there is often a single event, contrived or not, that triggers the transition into the sexual part of the evening. Generally, the "event" begins with dancing that gradually evolves into kissing, intimate touching, partial or complete nudity, and finally into the migration of groups of two or more persons to more private areas (usually the bedrooms) for sex.

I glanced around and saw Jen in Pierre's arms. They had stopped dancing and were locked in an embrace. He was kissing her deeply while fondling her naked ass-cheeks as he raised the hem of her dress exposing her to the gaze of others.

Nadia approached them and her hands joined Pierre's in caressing Jen's creamy smooth derrière as he continued to kiss her. Nadia knelt behind Jen and gently coaxed Jen's thighs slightly apart with her fingers. Jen bent forward a little and I watched Nadia's soft pink tongue enter Jen's crevasse to rim my wife's sweet rosebud.

Nadia's fingertips traced Jen's silky black garters and lacy stocking tops that framed her creamy ass. Pierre's other hand had moved to cup Jen's right breast and his thumb was slowly circling her nipple through her dress.

"Would you like to go upstairs?" Pierre asked Jen breaking their kiss.

"I think we both would." Jen whispered taking Nadia by the hand.

Then she turned and raised Nadia to her feet to kiss her.

"Will you come with us?" Jen whispered to Nadia.

"Yes, with pleasure." Nadia smiled.

Pierre led them up the stairs to where the bedrooms were. Since I had not hooked up anyone yet, I decided to follow them to watch. The two women and Pierre entered the first bedroom to the left at the top of the stairs, which since the night was young, was still empty. 

Jen immediately took charge of the petite Nadia. She embraced her kissing her hard on the mouth. She ran one hand down Nadia's back to caress her tiny ass encased in tight red vinyl shorts and as her other moved to Nadia's small tits that were tightly encased in a matching red vinyl top.

Jen stripped Nadia while Pierre watched as he undressed. Then Jen's two nude lovers untied the halter of her black dress and then removed it, leaving her in her corset, stockings and high boots. I continued to watch as Jen and Nadia sank to their knees in front of Pierre to lick his shaved balls and begin to suck his already fully erect cock.

Nadia pumped its thickness in her small hand and then offered it to Jen who engulfed it completely taking him deeply into her mouth and throat. I smiled at Jen and then walked into the next bedroom, which had also become occupied while I was watching Jen. 

There were two double beds each with a couple who had just begun their sexual play. I approached the bed on the right where Fabienne, a lovely brunette, was having her hairless pussy eaten by her husband. Another gentleman who's name was Luc was kneeling beside her gently stroking her bare leg.

Both men were nude and Fabienne's black thong had been removed and the hem of her black dress had been pushed up to her waist. One of its thin straps had been pulled off her shoulder exposing her exquisite right breast. I noticed that its tight brown nipple already had been sucked, stroked, or pinched to hardness by one or both of her lovers.

As she was entranced by the oral pleasure she was receiving, I gently caressed her shoulder to signal my presence and to show her my interest in joining them. She welcomed me by placed her hand on mine and pressing my fingers deeper into her soft tan skin, so I knelt beside her and tenderly kissed her lips. She immediately returned my kiss with such fervor that I continued to kiss her and began to caress her exposed breast and nipple.

As I stood to strip, Luke slipped the other strap of her dress off her shoulder to finish pulling the dress down until it was bunched at her waist while her husband continued lapping her cunt and sucking her sopping wet clitoris. 

Being so rudely exposed coupled with the feeling of the fabric sliding over her left nipple appeared to have triggered her orgasm, as she arched her back and came, flooding her husband's mouth with a copious quantity of her warm pussy juice. When Fabienne had finished coming, the threesome decided to take a break, so I exchanged kisses with Fabienne and dressed with them.

As I turned to leave the room, I saw M and two lovely women enter the room, one a tall brunette named Valerie and the other, Martine, a petite blond with small but very shapely breasts with soft rose colored nipples. All three of them were all three already naked, so I assumed that M seduced them downstairs and then led them up to a bedroom to fuck them.

M and Valerie softly caressed the young blond whispering to her and it became apparent that this was to be the Martine's first full swing, which would include intercourse outside her couple.

Between gentle kisses, Valerie reassured Martine by reminding her that everyone at the party had also had a "first time" and that she and M were honored to be her "first". M echoed Valerie's sentiments and kissed Martine tenderly. M then began to stroke himself to full hardness under Martine's gaze. Valerie's fingertips drifted lower over the blond's body to her shaved pussy mound and finally parted her labia to caress Martine's clit.

The intense sensation caused the blond's knees to buckle and she knelt on a mattress that Pierre had placed there in the likely anticipation that during the party there would be more simultaneous sex acts going on than there would be beds.

Valerie positioned Martine in a sitting position and then coaxed her to lay back as she knelt between the blond's trembling legs to lick her pussy. She began by kissing Martine's thighs to relax her, alternating from one to the other while moving slowly upward until she finally reached the blond's flower.

Martine sighed when she felt the Valerie's insistent tongue spread and begin to lick her her delicate folds. Meanwhile, M had knelt next to Martine's head and was keeping himself rock hard by continuing to masturbate in Maritine's view while gently caressing her erect nipples. Within a few minutes, Martine's heavy breathing and moans of pleasure signaled that she was rapidly approaching the point of no return.

Valerie glanced up at M to signal him know to be quickly ready to fuck the young débutante as soon as she had made her come. M nodded in acknowledgment, then opened a condom and rolled it onto his stiff cock. 

M's experience told him that the bucking of the blond's hips driving her sopping clit against Valerie's lips and tongue meant that she was close to orgasm, but probably just needed a little extra "encouragement". M then took Martine's hardened nipples between his thumbs and forefingers and pinched them firmly.

"Ahhhh...ohhhhh...ahhhhh," Martine cried out as she arched her back and came hard all over Valerie's face, lips, and tongue. Valerie skillfully sucked her young lover's clit until she had unleashed every spasm of the blond's orgasm and her face glistened with Martine's juices.
