 Divorced and horny my boyfriend introduces me to swinging.

*

A note from Jayne.

This is a continuation and conclusion of my experience of swinging so, I strongly recommend that you read that first. However, this does stand alone as a story in its own right, but here's a little background information.

I was with Paul, my current lover. He is fifty-two and a widower, I am forty-six and a divorcee. We have been seeing each other for a few months and we recently joined a swinging circle. We are on our second 'date.' Paul and Dani, the hostess, had fucked in the lounge as Ken, the host, fucked me in a spare bedroom. Afterwards, they had joined us in that bedroom and Dani had joined me in bed. We made each other cum with our fingers as the guys looked on. 

We all then moved to the main bedroom. Paul was fully erect for Dani had sucked his cock for a few moments. Ken, who has a wonderfully thick cock, was struggling with an erection as men in their mid-fifties sometimes do. Dani, his slim, dark, long-haired wife and I had worked together on his cock until that was half-erect. We were all naked and it felt wonderful.

***

The main bedroom was dominated by a huge king-sized bed that Dani told us had been bought specifically for swinging - "useful for six in a bed," she had smiled - hers arm was round my shoulders, mine was around her waist. We had followed the two men into the bedroom.

"Well that was some show ladies, thank you," Ken said.

"Glad you enjoyed it lover," his wife replied squeezing my shoulders.

"And you Paul?" Ken asked.

"Fantastic, I didn't know."

"Know what?" Dani asked.

"That Jayne er, um."

"Went both ways," I suggested smiling as I brushed my habd across Dani's angular hip.

"Yes," he replied.

"You'll see mate that dates like this bring out hidden stuff in many people," Ken said looking straight at Paul. I noticed they held each other's gaze as if sending hidden signals. 

Paul had told me in one of those highly intimate moments after sex that he and his, now dead, wife had parted once because he'd 'swung' a few times with other guys. When he told me that I felt aroused. I had never seen men together other than in a couple of porn films I had watched with a previous lover, but for some reason the whole idea of men having sex gave me a big buzz.

"How about we give each other a massage to loosen us up?" Dani suggested.

"Sounds good to me, what about you two?" Ken asked.

"Sure," Paul immediately replied looking at me. I nodded.

"Turn over then mate," Ken said softly. "How about I start with Paul?" Ken asked turning and looking at me. I saw that his wonderfully thick cock was now totally hard.

I gulped and heard Dani say.

"What a god idea, I'm sure Jayne and I can entertain ourselves," she said cupping one of my full generous D cup boobs and kissing it as she muttered. "Especially with these to play with."

I kissed her on the lips. I now felt completely relaxed with both the others and with sharing sex with the three of them. More and more it didn't feel extreme, but simply natural.

Paul was on his front his arms beside him, his face buried in the bedclothes. He has a great bum, which was the focal point of the view that the three of us had of him. His legs were only slightly parted. Ken knelt on the bed alongside him. Dani and I sprawled ourselves on the other side of him on the bed, our arms round each other. We occasionally kissed and stroked each other as Ken started to massage Paul's back.

"Ok Paul?" Ken asked as I watched him run his fingers over Paul's bum.

"Mmmmm, yes, it's good," my boyfriend sighed.

Ken worked on Paul's back for some time as Dani and I made gentle love. I hadn't sucked a woman's tits for such a long time so when I nibbled Dani's unusually erect and long nipples all the memories came back to me.

"Oh yes," Dani whispered her hands in my blonde, spiky hair pulling my face more firmly against hers almost knocking my glasses off. She tasted good and the rubbery texture of her nipples on my lips and tongue as I sucked and chewed them felt amazing.

"Let's just get a little more comfortable," I heard Ken say. 

That made both of us look at them. We watched as Ken gripped both of Paul's ankles and slowly pulled his legs wide apart. He knelt between Paul's legs his strong erection rearing up the slight paunch on his stomach. 

I could see Paul's balls hanging down nestling against the bed and Dani and I watched fascinated our arms round each other, our legs intertwined as Ken ran his fingers lightly up and down the inside of Paul's legs. Each time they went near to, but didn't quite touch Paul's balls or bum. It was a heady show.

"Come on ladies give me a hand," he said looking at both of us and raising his eyebrows when he saw that we were caressing the other's boobs. "Ever had a three-way massage Paul?"

"No," Paul grunted back his voice muffled by the bedclothes. "But it sounds great."

We wiggled over to Paul and Dani immediately started to massage, well more caress and stroke Paul's back as she half laid and half sat beside his shoulders 

"No Dani come back here with us," Ken said.

"Why?"

"Because if you are here with us Paul won't know whose hands are doing what and that will make it all the more exciting won't it Paul?"

"Jesus Christ," Paul groaned as Dani joined us and sat the other side of her husband to me.

We all started to stroke Paul's legs. Three pairs of hands sliding slowly up them going nearer and nearer to his balls on each move. I moved mine and started to softly massage the cheeks of his bum as Ken concentrated on Paul's left leg and Dani on his right. But as I stroked Pauls bum so Dani would reach across and stroke my breasts and Ken would use a free hand to caress his wife. It was pretty exciting stuff for me so I could only imagine what it must have been like for Paul! 

I was concentrating on Paul's left cheek when Dani's hands joined me in giving him a bum massage. That pushed us closer together and we kissed, deep and long. What a feeling that was, to be caressing my male lover's bum as I kissed my new-found female lover.

Dani suddenly pulled me forward so I was leaning over Paul's bum, my tits dangling down towards him. She took hold of my left boob and squeezing it she tightened the flesh round the areola and nipple. She rubbed my nipple on his bum gradually moving that towards the crease between his cheeks. I got the message and started to run my nipple up and down it. In that position I had a good view between Paul's legs and my heart started to pound when I saw Ken run his fingers up Paul's legs, but this time they didn't stop. They kept going and I saw his fingers scratch my guy's balls. Paul grunted and bending one knee he lifted himself up a little. Maybe to relieve the pressure on his erection or maybe to provide easier access to his cock. Dani assumed the latter and slid her hand under him from the side and grabbed his cock.

"Oh Jesus, oh fuck this is amazing," Paul was groaning his bum moving around a little as it reacted to the pleasure we were giving him.

And amazing it should have been, I was squirming my tit into the crease of his arse and pressing my bullet hard nipple right on his anal hole; Dani was stroking his cock from the side and Ken was cradling his balls. From my close-up vantage point, I could see that now he had his other hand under Paul reaching up his stomach presumably also caressing Paul's cock.

Paul lifted himself further off the bed so that he was almost kneeling. I could see under his body and confirm that both Ken and Dani were stroking his cock and his balls. I could only speculate as to the feelings he was getting from having a man's and a woman's hands on his prick at the same time but knowing which was which!

"Let me turn over," Paul croaked as he proceeded to do so. "This is so incredible," he groaned looking at his cock and the hands on it and then glancing at me as if seeking my approval. I smiled and nodded. 

I leaned forward and offered him my breast, just as Dani slid her hand between my legs, her fingers immediately finding my wetness. Paul sucked my nipples for some time, before turning his face to look down at his cock and the male and female hands on it. 

Ken slithered up the bed so he was half sitting and half lying alongside Paul. Still holding my lover's cock as Dani and I kissed and stroked each other, Ken asked.

"Ok Paul?"

"Yes," Paul said tightly looking at me as Ken said.

"More?" 

Paul nodded and muttered something as Ken took his hand and placed it right on his thick cock. Paul sighed. 

"Mmmmm," and rubbed Ken's erection as Dani's fingers slid into me. I was so transfixed by what the guys were doing that I didn't really need the distraction of having another woman's fingers up my cunt, but I didn't stop her and in fact my hand found her incredible nipples and I pulled and pinched them.

The men masturbated each other for a while and, unlike Dani and me they didn't kiss, thankfully; I'm not sure that I really wanted to see that. What I did want to see, though, suddenly started to unfold right before my eyes.

Ken pushed Paul backwards so he was lying flat on the bed.

"Lay beside him Jayne," Ken told me. "On your back" he added. I did as he asked. I turned my head though and Paul and I kissed just as I felt Dani's hands on my knees. She pushed them up and pulled them open at the same time. I glanced down and she was staring right between my legs. At the same time I saw that Ken was holding Paul's prick so that it was almost at ninety degrees to his stomach. His face was moving towards it. I was just thinking 'He's going to suck it' when I heard Dani sigh. 

"Oh Jayne you have the most beautiful cunt."

Nobody had said that to me before. In fact, it had never really occurred to me that cunts could be beautiful. I didn't know what to say or do as Paul and Ken joined Dani staring between my legs. Rather inanely I stammered. "Oh do I? Thanks Dani."

I saw Paul smiling and heard him mutter. "I don't know about it being beautiful to look at, but I know it's beautiful to fuck."

"Absolutely," Ken chimed in.

I smiled my gratitude to him as I watched Dani slither between my legs and heard her say as she put one of her hands on each of my thighs. "It is beautiful to look at I know and Paul and Ken say it's beautiful to fuck. I'm now gonna find out whether it's beautiful to suck."

I then had the most incredible experience. 

As Dani's tongue expertly found my clit and pressed on it I watched Ken wrap his lips round Paul's cock and take it deep into my mouth. The combination of a woman making oral, lesbian love to me as I watched my man's cock being licked and sucked by another guy making gay love to him was incredible. Of all the events that had so far happened to me since Paul had introduced me to swinging, this was by some margin the most amazing.

Dani was good and quickly aroused me to a near orgasm, but held me there just beneath a full climax. It was fantastic and I was soon writhing and groaning with the sensations she was giving me and the emotional eruptions that were happening from watching the two guys.

Paul leaned across and kissed me, his hand finding my tits that seemed so full and warm. I saw that as he did that he also reached down and rubbed Ken's thick cock. 

The sexual atmosphere was building rapidly. Nothing seemed impossible or wrong. Bi, lesbian, gay, hetero, straight and homosexual ceased to exist. Sexual pleasure was all that existed and was all that mattered. And that could from anywhere; a cock, a cunt, fingers, tits, nipples, lips or tongues. And it did come from all of those sources. I felt totally and utterly consumed by sex.

It got better or even more complicated dependent on your views. Ken took Paul from his mouth and he lay back offering his sturdy cock to my man. After glancing at me Paul held Ken's cock in his hand, leaned forward, licked the length of the cock and then took it deep into his mouth. 

"Oh God, Paul," I groaned as Dani continued tongue fucking me.

He looked at me concerned, but my smile and possibly my hand squeezing my right breast reassured him that it was ok and he continued bobbing his head up and down, his mouth overflowing with Ken's thick cock.

*

Over the next few days Paul was slightly worried about what I would think of him. The good thing about that was that he went out of his way to show me how virile he was and we had some fantastic sex. I guess I was also a little concerned as to what he would think of me for Dani and I had been very overt with our sex and we had started off the 'other' way of partner sharing.

"So would you like to fuck a man?" I asked him as I was snuggled up against him a few afternoons later.

"I'm not sure."

"Or be fucked?"

"I think if I had to do either I'd prefer that."

"Have you yet?" I asked even though he was implying he hadn't.

"Nearly but not quite" was his answer.

He and Ken hadn't gone anywhere near that as Dani and I had kissed, cuddled and stroked each other looking on as they alternated with sucking each other's cocks. 

We had all cum together. Ken and Paul by masturbating each other and Dani and me by licking the other's pussy. That ended the sex with Dani and we didn't stay the night, but got a cab home around three; I think Paul and I wanted to be alone.

We are currently arranging our next date with 'the circle.' The couple's entry on the circle's website that attracted us and with whom we will be meeting this coming Friday read:

Completely bi-sexual couple seek similar or those wishing to experiment.