 We were often accused of being twins. Now at 20 we looked each other dead in the eye at 6 foot. I have short, straight sandy blonde hair and she has waist length, straight sandy blonde hair. In fact, the most noticeable difference is our eye color; mine being brown and hers blue. Tammy is the daughter of my father's cousin and we bear the same last name, a fact that made the assumption of being siblings common. We only ever saw each other once a year for reunions until we both got our drivers license a few years back. Tammy and I spent a lot of time together until graduation changed our schedules. Tammy is on a full-ride basketball scholarship for the state university and I am working 9 to 5 at a local factory. 

Tammy played every sport she could in school until, as she put it, "my tits kept getting in the way of running" and settled on basketball. I haven't missed a home game since she made the starting squad this season. I love to watch the women play since they had a tendency to get a little more physical than the men do and I always get a bit of a chuckle and thrill watching Tammy run the floor. She has 38D tits, a moderate waist, and 36 inch flaring hips. Her very long, muscular legs go all the way up and make a nice, juicy ass of themselves. She runs like a sprinter but has the body of a model that bounces enticingly as she runs. More than once I got the impression that the opposing team was feeling her up during rebounds or when she would set an aggressive pick. Probably just my imagination but it added to the thrill of watching the game. One woman in particular seemed to pay a little more attention to Tammy than was necessary. The aggressive opposing player contrasted a lot next to Tammy. She was a mahogany skin black woman, 6'3", with slender proportions. From the looks of it I would have to say she is a B-cup. Her hips are slender but she has a nice round ass like only a sister could. 

Tammy and I had made plans to spend the weekend together just hanging out at her apartment. After the game, I gave her plenty of time to get back home and settled while I ran around to pick up movies, take-out Chinese, and some cold ones. The traffic was bad after the game and consequently, I was taking longer than I wanted to. Finally I arrived at the apartment. The apartment was actually about a quarter of an old refurbished two-story house right off campus. Tammy had the back half of the ground floor. As I was walking around back of the building something in the shrub moved. I was investigating when I looked up through a crack in the curtains and saw the mahogany beauty from the game. She was dressed in a soft blue spaghetti dress that reached about mid-thigh. The transformation was breath taking having gone from ballplayer to woman. I was just admiring her long legs when I got a little upset because Tammy and I were supposed to hang out this weekend. From the looks of this woman the girls were planning to go out. Sure enough, Tammy came into the room wearing a similar outfit that was black. I was figuring my weekend was a bust as I went to the door to find out what had happened to our plans. 

Tammy opened the door. The wide, glowing smile she cast me when she opened the door and said hi made me realize that no matter what her excuse was, I was going to forgive her. She rapidly explained that Daria was spending the weekend with her so they could catch up, that it was a last minute thing, would I forgive her, and could we do the weekend thing next week. Daria was an old teammate from high school that had graduated a year earlier. I forgave her, handed over the goods, and was just getting ready to split when Daria came into the kitchen and asked me to stay as well.

Although I wasn't exactly dressed for clubbing the girls took me to a college hangout where I was doing pretty good collecting phone numbers and constantly explaining I wasn't Tammy's twin. We eventually headed back to the apartment a little tipsy and laughing at everything that happened. Not being ready to quit drinking just yet, we left the Chinese food in the fridge, grabbed some beers, and were soon playing 'quarters' in the living room. The game quickly degenerated to a kind of 'truth or dare' thing. Miss the glass you had to take a dare, make a shot and the person who was drinking had to tell the truth when questioned by the thrower. I hit three in a row followed by the following questions to Daria. 

"Ever did a white man before?"

"Ever did another girl before?"

"Ever thought about doing another girl before?" 

She answered "no", "no", and "yes". I missed and was dared to go out and moon the busy street. Daria made a shot and asked Tammy if she had ever done a black man before to which she said no. She was dared to prove she wasn't wearing a bra on the subsequent miss. Seeing her smooth brown breasts and dark nipples inflamed my manhood. Tammy missed and was also dared to show she wore no bra. Her nipples were dark pink against her pale white breasts, and my erection became more engorged and painful since it was trapped within the confines of my jeans. I missed, and I think the girls saw my discomfort because they dared me to remove my jeans. Various forms of exhibition followed and the girls had to show their pubic mounds.

It was like being a little kid again. The girls lifted the front of their dress and pulled down the tops of their panties just enough to show the pubes. Daria's was shaved clean except for a narrow strip and Tammy's was lightly covered in dark pubes. The girls each lost their panties on the next couple of rounds but still had their dresses. I missed and was dared to get dressed and go get more beer. I walked by the window on my way to the car and saw that the girls were up and dancing through the gap in the curtains.

When I returned and was headed back to the door I was drawn to the window in hopes of seeing something and was not disappointed! The girls were still dancing, but it had become more urgent. Both of them had their dresses bunched around their waists with their breasts and asses exposed. Daria cradled Tammy's head in her hands while she groped at Daria's ass and sucked on her dark brown nipples. I sat the beers down, got my dick out and began to jack-off slowly while the girls continued without knowing they had an audience. 

Daria pushed Tammy gently on the shoulders and then draped one leg over her shoulders when Tammy made it to her knees. Daria roughly squeezed her breasts with one hand while using the other to balance herself on Tammy's shoulder. Tammy seemed to know what was desired and slowly began to lick up and down Daria's dark slit before stopping and pushing her tongue into the now glistening entrance to her pussy. A few minutes later, Tammy lay back on the floor and began to rub her pussy with one hand while reaching up for Daria with the other. Daria came down and immediately began to suck on Tammy's large breasts. Daria then slid down to lick and suck on Tammy's labia. I shot my load against the wall and while I caught my breath, perverse thoughts and ideas began to swim in my brain. I knocked loudly on the door, and then waited a moment or two before noisily entering the apartment.

I had just put the beer in the fridge and turned when Daria and Tammy, dresses back in place, came into the kitchen wearing sheepish grins. "Okay then, back to truth or dare! Only, since I had to go get the beer I get the next 12 dares!" The girls finally agreed on 6 with the stipulation that no dare would be refused. First I dared both girls to bend over at the waist so that I could rub my fingers up and down their slits before pushing 2 fingers into each of them. Second I dared Daria to suck Tammy's pussy, which she did a little more timidly than she had when I watched from the window. Third I had Daria on her knees and spreading her butt cheeks apart so that I could slide a finger into her ass for a while. Fourth, Daria was on her hands and knees sucking my 8-inch, rather thick cock into her mouth. Fifth, while Daria lay on her back on the floor, I was sliding my cock into her sopping gash. Finally I had Tammy lower her pussy to Daria's waiting mouth. Daria licked and sucked Tammy's pussy in earnest this time and was soon rewarded with Tammy reaching a violent orgasm, bucking and grinding onto Daria's face. Daria began to buck wildly and I came with her while Tammy still sat perched on her face shivering in the final phase of her own orgasm.

Daria smiled up from the floor when Tammy lay back to relax with a grin on her face and said, "My turn." Daria became the director.

A little reluctantly at first, Tammy had sucked my cock back to full erection and lowered her pussy onto my waiting cock. "The twins have united!" We all laughed at Daria's reference to our resemblance, but it had the wonderful effect of relieving the tension between Tammy and I in this incestuous position. A few minutes later while Tammy was slowly grinding her pussy onto my cock she gasped, "Oh! Oh I like that!"

Daria asked, "Do you now?" in a playful tone before she put her face back to Tammy's exposed anus. I shot another load, this time into Tammy's womb. I slid out from underneath Tammy to watch the girls. Tammy, still on her hands and knees, reached between her legs and began to finger her pussy and clit while Daria had her ass pulled open with her hands and was forcing the tip of her tongue in and out of Tammy's little asshole. I thought Tammy would break the nose of the mahogany beauty when she began to throw herself back into Daria's probing tongue and shook as she came all over her own fingers. Finally exhausted, Tammy collapsed. Daria smiled and suggested we all get some sleep because "tomorrow is gonna be a busy day".