 Swinging Square, 03

* This story is fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental.

* All characters are eighteen years old or older.

* The story is narrated by a nineteen year old girl in her own words, therefore the entire story is dialogue.

* This is an erotic story with twelve characters, not just a one page, two character porn scene. If you don't like this kind of a story, maybe you should read a different one. 

* The characters are: Ashley, 19; Robert, 22; Kelsey, 28; Michael, 30; Tracy, 20; Paul 29; Willis, 50; Sylvia, 45; Cindy, 20; Jason, 21; Roy, 30; Heather, 35.

* Civil comments and feedback are welcome, but insulting, flaming remarks will be deleted. Thank you.

* Thanks to griffdalton for the feedback on Ch. 01 giving a suggestion which I included in this story.

******

After Robert and I decided we would continue swinging when we get back home from this adult only, clothing optional, swingers resort (that we were tricked into coming to), we sealed our agreement with a kiss. It had been a busy night so far.

We were standing in the sand dunes with a moon shining bright enough to cast shadows on the sand. Our friends were scattered around us, some still standing, some sitting on their beach mats, along with Robert's cousin, Tracy, and his boss and friend, Paul. 

Paul had, just minutes ago, proposed to Tracy and she happily accepted, so now Paul would not only be his boss, but would soon be his cousin by marriage. That's no different from the norm; our home town is so small, everyone is related to someone in it, however most very distantly. It was kind of strange to witness a proposal right in the middle of a swinging beach party, like Paul had just done, but hey, when the time is ripe, why wait. Right? Why Paul waited so long to settle down and get married is anybody's guess. Gee, maybe we can have a double wedding.

Willis, a man I had met at the toga party our first night here, came up to me. He is the one with the nine inch cock, the first cock besides Robert that I held in my hand and let cum in my mouth. 

"Would you share my mat with me?" he asked. 

I understand in swinging you only do what you want to do; you're not obligated to do anything if you don't want to do it. Though Willis was old enough to be my father, that didn't bother me, he was handsome and I was curious to see how his nine inch cock would feel in my pussy.

"Okay," I smiled at him. 

I held his hand as we walked around the dune to his beach mat. It was actually four beach mats placed together. I laid down on the end one and Willis laid beside me. He reminded me of Clark Gable when he looked down at me and put a hand on my breast.

"You are a beautiful young woman, you know," he said softly. 

"Thank you. You're a handsome man." I was looking at his semi-hard cock.

Remembering our first time together at the toga party when I was so new and nervous, he had to tell me what to do each step of the way, well, I took some initiative and took his cock in my hand this time. It was about half hard, but as I stroked it and he felt my breasts, it gradually got all the way up. 

The dimly lit bar wasn't much better than the bright moonlight for seeing things, and I still couldn't get a good look at it, but it felt really big in my hand. It not only was an inch or two longer than Robert's, but noticeably bigger around. It didn't feel as hard as Robert gets though. 

"You're more relaxed tonight than you were at the party." he observed.

"That was the first time I'd ever done anything like that," I explained. "I've had two more new cocks since then so I'm getting more used to the idea I guess. Sorry if I wasn't any good." 

"Ah, that wasn't it; I had way too much to drink that night." 

"Who have you been with tonight; I'd like to know who I'm tasting." 

"I was with Kelsey earlier. Oooo, that's nice."

My face was down just inches away from his cock so I could get a look at it. When he said Kelsey I took it into my mouth and slid my lips down his shaft as far as I could go. I remembered how much more it filled my mouth, so I was prepared for it this time. I laved the underside of his cock studiously, getting a faint taste of Kelsey. 

"Ah, your little tongue feels so good," he sighed.

I sucked his cock a little bit longer, but I really wanted to feel it in my pussy. I soon got over him on my knees, and guided his cock head to my wet love channel. As I began to lower myself on it, I could tell right away it was bigger than what I'm used to. It went in me, but it was a tighter fit than usual. I coaxed it in me a little at a time, enjoying it completely until finally, I was full to the max.

Willis groaned as his cock slid up into my wet love tunnel, and he caressed my hips and thighs as I took charge. I fucked his big cock slowly at first until I got stretched open more, then gradually increased my speed. I was relieved to think how a pussy can get stretched out, especially at childbirth, but it always returns to normal pretty much. This thought let me fuck the big cock with abandon. It was very enjoyable, and made me feel stuffed to the gills, but it was a good feeling. 

Kelsey laid down right beside us there on the mats, then Paul laid down beside her. She and I touched each other in greeting. Kelsey and Michael are the first people Robert and I met at this resort, so we're fond of them; but since Kelsey introduced me to the joys of girl on girl fun, I'm especially fond of her. They both were our mentors in this swinging stuff. Well, Kelsey and Paul wasted no time in getting down to business. It was plain to see they didn't come to talk. 

I myself was busy engorging myself on Willis' big cock, which began to feel less stretching and more pleasing. As I concentrated on fucking the swollen cock thrusting deep within my pussy, I could feel the nerves in my body tighten and quiver, setting the stage for a wonderful orgasm. My juices were allowing the big cock to slide in and out of me effortlessly as I gyrated my hips around while I lifted and lowered myself on that monster tool. 

"You may be new at swinging but you sure know how to ride a cock, Cowgirl," Willis said. 

I leaned forward to allow Willis to reach my breasts easier; I like my breasts to be played with while I fuck. 

"Play with my titties," I told him. 

He gladly took my breasts in his hands and tweaked my nipples for me while I continued to fuck his cock to my delight. My hips were churning as I rode him cowgirl style. My arms were straight, supporting my weight, and Kelsey reached up to caress my upper arm. I don't know if she was encouraging me, or if she was getting a vicarious thrill from my fucking, but her caress felt beautiful to me. I smiled at her in acknowledgement. 

"I want you next," she whispered. 

I couldn't hear her but I read her lips, and winked at her in agreement. The cock in me was feeling so good I was moaning and whimpering with great pleasure. I was steadily climbing my way closer to the top, on my way to Mount Orgasm. Kelsey continued to caress my arm to receive an empathetic share in my sexual high. I could hear the slap, slap and squish, squish noises as Paul plowed into Kelsey's joy box, and her soft moans of delight, which helped heighten my pleasure tremendously. I slid up and down, up and down Willis' big cock shaft until, finally, I felt the tingling shudders of my orgasm slamming through my body. I let out a few involuntary cries of pleasure. 

"Ah... Ah... Uh... Ah... Uh..." I moaned, letting everyone know when I came. 

I paused long enough for my spasms of release to die down, then resumed my fucking motions. Wanting to get off himself, Willis matched my hip movements with thrusts of his own. Now our hips were making slapping sounds and my pussy, from being so wet, was making squelching sounds also.

"Yeah, Baby, ride that cock just like that," Willis moaned.

Kelsey let go of my arm when I came and concentrated on her own approaching orgasm. She and Paul were very close to cumming, judging by the noise they were making. I watched them cum as I rode Willis hard to my next orgasm. Kelsey is so beautiful with her dark chestnut hair and big brown eyes, but when she cums, she stares off into space with her eyes bigger yet, making her even more beautiful. 

"Ah, yes, Paul, you're making me cum. Ah, yes... Ah..." she wailed.

Paul was right behind her with an orgasm of his own as he jerked and twitched, his cock buried deep in her pussy. 

"Ah, yeah! Fuck, yeah!" Paul groaned.

They laid there, still connected as they came down from their high. She put her hand on my thigh very near the top and watched as my pussy swallowed and released Willis' big cock. Her touch so close to my most intimate place spurred me on to another orgasm. This time, Willis was right there with me. 

"Oh, Ashley, I'm going to cum. Um... Um... Ah."

"Me too, Willis," I whimpered.

As my orgasm began, Kelsey slid her hand up for her fingers to touch my clit, tickling it with her fingertips, helping my orgasm to crash through my body. We rested in a post orgasmic afterglow until everyone was calm and collected. 

Willis softened and fell out of me, letting my pussy walls return to normal size. Paul rolled off of Kelsey and we all stood on our feet.

"You look so beautiful when you cum," I told Kelsey. 

"You look cute, too, almost like you're fighting off a sneeze," she joked.

We had a hearty laugh over that remark, but if you didn't read my first story, you won't get the joke. We put our arms around each other and began to kiss softly. Soft kisses turned into ardent kisses, and ardent kisses turned into passionate kisses. My hands were caressing Kelsey everywhere as far as I could reach: her back, her ass cheeks, her ribcage, even her breasts. Of course, she was feeling me all over the same as I was doing to her. Willis and Paul just sat down to watch.

I laid down on a mat. Kelsey sat beside me and began caressing my breasts. My hand was caressing her thigh and tummy.

"You like doing girls, don't you," she said. 

"Uh huh," I agreed, "especially you. I really love doing it with you. I'm sorry, I don't mean to sound gay." 

"It's okay, bisexual women are allowed to have their favorites, too; there's nothing wrong with that," she said softly. "Gay is when you hate men, or greatly prefer women and do them exclusively. 

"Oh. No, I still prefer men, but I have a great weakness for you," I confessed.

"Well, I have a great weakness for you, too." 

"Sixty-nine?" I asked playfully.

"Let's," she responded.

Kelsey swung her leg over me and lowered her smooth pussy to my waiting lips. I stared at the beautiful feminine folds called a pussy as it descended to my waiting lips. I pried the lips apart and probed the wet interior with my two middle fingers, then plied her clit gently with my tongue. As I fucked my two fingers in and out of her love tunnel, I alternated between my tongue and my thumb on her clit. 

"Ashley, you must masturbate a lot 'cause you sure know how to touch my pussy for being brand new at this," she said.

"Yeah, I guess I do when I'm home. Three or four times a day, sometimes more than that; it depends," I confessed. "I just try to make your pussy feel as good as I can; I love it so." 

Kelsey was too busy doing to me what I was doing to her to answer me. It's hard to talk when your tongue's flicking rapidly over someone's clit. She knew her way around a pussy very well, but then, this is not her first rodeo, not by a long shot. Every time I get with Kelsey I learn something new. It wasn't long until she brought me to the edge of a shuddering orgasm. 

"Ah, Kelsey, don't stop. I'm almost there. Ah, ah..." I squealed as my orgasm reached a crescendo. 

My twitching hips along with my squeals of pleasure against her clit brought her to a wonderful orgasm also. She began to buck her hips in the air as if trying to get more of my face inside her contracting cunt. I held her lips apart as I lightly stroked her clit with one finger, and watched her vaginal muscles contracting making her love hole open and close as she came. That's when I noticed the skies were getting lighter, I had more light to see by.

Tracy plopped down on the mat beside me.

"Can I join?" she asked. "I'd like to get a taste of my cousin-to-be's pussy." 

I got between Kelsey's legs and continued to lick her pussy while Tracy began to lick my pussy. While she might not be as adept at pussy eating as Kelsey, she felt very good just the same. She was very timid at first, which teased me a whole lot, but then she became bolder and started to lick my clit just right. Getting more adventurous, she licked out every inch of my pussy she could reach. I think she really liked sticking her tongue in my fuck hole because she did it a lot. 

"I've watched you eat pussy and wondered what the big attraction was," Tracy smiled. "Now I know, It's fun! I like it."

"I'm glad," I responded. "Now when I get home I won't have to look around for a pussy licking partner." We both laughed at that.

We were then joined by the other women in the group. Cindy laid down to offer her pussy to Kelsey to lick, then Sylvia completed the circle by giving her pussy to Cindy to lick while she licked Tracy's pussy. Tracy looked amazed that a daughter would lick her own mother's pussy, but then accepted it and went back to licking my pussy so beautifully. 

There we were in a five girl daisy chain, which I'd heard about but never seen done before. We did that as a grand finale to the evening; everyone had a good cum. We were satisfied and, with the sun beginning to peek over the water, we decided to call it a night and try to get some sleep. Before everyone could get away, Willis and Sylvia invited everyone to their place for a party that night. We accepted and I wondered how different a private party would be from a resort party. 

I guess everyone slept until noon or after, I know Robert and I did. We got us some brunch, then headed to the beach to see if we could find Michael and Kelsey. They weren't in their usual place so we settled in on the wooden beach lounges. We must have been there a good hour or so watching people on the beach and soaking up the sun before Michael and Kelsey showed up. 

One particular couple caught my attention the whole time was a tall blond woman who looked like she was a model in her younger years. Not that she was old, but she was no longer a spring chicken., and her face was still beautiful and she moved so gracefully; definitely a class act. I'd say she was about thirty five or so. The man she was with was a tall, well built black man, probably around thirty years old. He wasn't huge but he definitely looked like he worked out a lot. His muscles were more pronounced because of the sun shining on his dark brown skin. With no tattoos, no facial hair, and a close haircut he really was a handsome man. They were both nude of course, and I couldn't help from sneaking a good hard look at his equipment to see if a certain rumor was true. He may have been a bit larger than Robert and Michael but not as big as Willis. I took a walk down to the water and passed close to the mat where he was reclining to get a good close look at that cock. It looked like it was made of milk chocolate with dark chocolate on the foreskin but light milk chocolate for the head. It made my mouth water for chocolate.

Michael and Kelsey were there with Robert when I got back from the water. 

"Well, did you check him out?" Robert smiled. 

"I sure did," I replied. "It's very nice but not anything to support all the stories you hear." 

I greeted Michael and Kelsey with a kiss, but for some reason sex was the farthest thing from everyone's mind now. I guess guys don't have morning wood when they fuck all night long and sleep till noon the next day.

"Ashley was looking at a black and white couple while we were waiting for you," Robert snitched. 

"Well, they were a good looking couple," I said defensively.

"A black man and a tall, blond woman?" Michael asked.

"Yeah," I replied. "They're lying down by the water."

Michael stood up to look. "It's Roy and Heather," he exclaimed. "Let's walk down and say hello. We met them here a year ago." 

Robert and I hung back until after Michael had introduced us to Roy and Heather. At their invitation then we sat on our towels along side them. I, having shaved the hair from my pussy lips, leaving a small patch of my red hair on my mound to show the rug matched the drapes, I sat with my legs together and knees bent to appear lady-like. Kelsey and Heather sat much the same way, but Roy sat like most men do: legs open, cock and balls proudly on display. I don't know how Michael and Robert sat, I was too busy stealing glances whenever I could of Roy's chocolate colored cock which was not hard, but was swollen enough to leave the head poke out from under the darker colored foreskin. Roy spoke with an islander accent of some sort.

Heather intimidated me with her beauty to where I was not my usual talkative self. I spent most of my time speaking only when spoken to, and listening to Heather's heavy English accent. I found out by conversation that Heather was a fashion model who modeled in Cannes, Paris, and London. She was very friendly to me though, and I took a liking to her right away. 

"I'd like to get in the water and cool off." Roy announced. "The sun is really getting hot. Would anyone else want to join me?" 

"I'll go with you," I volunteered. "I guess you need to watch that milk chocolate doesn't melt," I said subconsciously because that was what I was thinking, and was instantly horrified at myself, hoping I didn't offend him. 

"Oh, I don't think there would be a danger of me melting," he laughed heartily, not the least bit offended by my nerdy comment.

"Are you coming, Dear?" I said to Robert.

"Ah, no, you go ahead and enjoy yourself," he said, giving me a wink.

Roy and I went into the surf. The waves were small so it wasn't difficult to make it out past the breakers. We were about chest deep when we stood up, and the swells were only three or four feet high so it was pretty nice for swimming. 

"The surf is beautiful today," I said as I swam out a little farther.

"Yes, it would be perfect if one didn't have to worry about sharks."

I swam back to him as fast as I could, not scared but seriously aware of a possible danger. When I got close to him I stood up nearer to him and put my hand on his bicep to feel more protected.

"There are sharks in this ocean?" I asked with eyes wide open.

"Oh, yes, missy, there are sharks in every ocean," he chuckled. "Don't be afraid. That's why those men are in the lifeguard boats out there, they keep swimmers from going out too far and warn us when sharks come in too close." 

That information made me feel a lot better but I still wanted to stay close to Roy. He looked at me with a friendly smile that made his pearly white teeth sparkle in the sunlight. 

"I'm not afraid as long as you're near," I smiled back, my hand caressing the firm muscles of his arm. 

"You like my chocolate bar then, do you?" he asked 

"Well... yes, I do," I said. "The closest I've come to seeing a black guy naked was watching them play basketball in school. I didn't know what they looked like until I saw you."

"Touch it then." 

I looked all around to see if anyone was near. The closest person, a guy, was about twenty yards away. Why would I care anyway, this is a swinging resort; no one would care what I did. I reached down to find Roy's cock which was rock hard now, even in the cool water. It felt beautiful under the water as I stroked it slowly to get a good feel of it. 

"Ah, you have the touch of an angel," he said.

He lifted me off of my feet which was no problem since I was standing in the water. I was facing him with my hands on his shoulders, my breathing becoming labored with desire. We said a thousand words by looking intently into each others eyes while neither of us made a sound. He held me up with his hands on my ass cheeks and hips while looking at me for a sign. I guided his cock to the fuck hole of my pussy which was all the sign he needed. He relaxed his hands and let my body lower itself while I directed his hard cock into my fuck hole. His hands stayed on my butt cheeks in the water while he pumped his hips, driving his cock in and out of my pussy. I moved my hands just enough to keep my upper body afloat and looked at the man near us. He was watching me, aware of what I was doing. I didn't even care, in fact, I loved it: a total stranger, watching me get fucked by a black man I'd just met. It turned me on all the more when he began to pump his cock, masturbating while he watched me fuck. 
