 * This story is fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental.

* All characters are eighteen years old or older.

* The story is narrated by a nineteen year old girl in her own words, therefore the entire story is dialogue.

* This is an erotic story with twelve characters, not just a one page, two character porn scene. Please note: this story contains interracial sex and plenty of swinging group sex. If you don't like this kind of a story, are prejudiced, or refuse to accept the swinging lifestyle, then maybe you should read a different one. 

* The characters are: Ashley, 19; Robert, 22; Kelsey 28; Michael, 30; Tracy, 20; Paul 29; Willis, 50; Sylvia, 45; Cindy, 20; Jason, 21; Roy, 30; Heather, 35.

* Civil comments and feedback are welcome, but insulting, flaming remarks will be deleted. Thank you.

* Thanks to griffdalton for the feedback on Ch. 01 giving a suggestion which I included in this story.

******

I woke up with Robert sleeping soundly by my side. This was our room at the adult only, clothing optional resort in the Caribbean tropics, one we were tricked into coming to by Rob's boss, Paul. Paul gave him an all expense paid, one week vacation here without telling him anything about this place and what went on here. Paul had planned a vacation here for that same week without telling us because he was trying to get into my panties by getting us here. Well, it worked and I'm not going to complain, I'm just saying.

The room is sort of small but it's comfortable and kept clean, though we haven't seen very much of it since we came here. We used it to run in and change clothes, or grab a few hours sleep, but other than that we've been too busy to spend any time in it. If we keep on going at this pace, we'll have to go home to rest up after this vacation. 

There lies Robert, breathing heavily in his sleep, looking as handsome as he possibly could even with a pimple on his cheek. God, how I love him, I thought to my self. I sure do hope nothing happens to spoil our relationship here at this swinging resort. We've enjoyed it so far but what a shock to our systems when we first arrived and found naked people walking around the beach, not knowing the meaning of 'clothing optional.' We've experimented with and engaged in the swinging and both of us seem to like it okay, but I'm still kind of nervous about it. It's so different from the straight-laced, old-fashioned way we were both brought up in back home. It's fun here, but back home life is safer and more predictable, if you know what I mean.

Thinking about what all I've done since we've been here at this swinging resort is somewhat shocking to me as I sat quietly and reflected back on it all. First, I sat and watched a woman I had just met masturbate herself to orgasm on the beach, after which I secretly masturbated under just a towel beside her. I had sex in a public restroom with mother and her daughter: I had masturbated the mother while the mother masturbated her daughter while the daughter masturbated me. I had allowed different men, other than my fiance, to dance dirty with me and grope me on a dance floor, after which I gave an older man with a large cock a blow-job right there at our table. My fiance, Robert, walked up just as the man with the large cock was shooting a huge load of cum in my mouth, which I swallowed greedily while seeing Robert approach. He wasn't mad at me though, I remember, because he had just finished fucking the man's wife outside. We went with the couple we met on the beach, Michael and Kelsey, to their cabin where I gladly fucked Michael while Robert fucked Kelsey in a bed not more than five feet away! Since Robert and I took each others virginity, it was my first strange cock ever, and I was thrilled by it. I had sex with Kelsey that same night, which was my very first time at eating pussy, and discovered: I liked it! I went into the surf with a black man who I knew nothing about except that his name was Roy and fucked him while standing in the water. A stranger (I don't even know his name) joined us and fucked me in the ass at the same time. God, I had never done anything like that before. The most I've had in my ass was Robert's finger to the first knuckle as he fucked me. 

Then there was sex in the sand dunes, sex on a yacht, so much sex I can't even remember it all! I'm beginning to worry that I'm becoming a real slut, but can't get too worried about it; I'm having too much fun. I feel amazed though that I could be doing the things I'm doing now, and not be crushed with a horrific sense of shame. Instead, I'm not the least bit ashamed by what we've been doing here, but 'here' won't last much longer. We'll soon be back home, and then what? What will I be then?

I sat up in bed letting the sheet fall away to uncover my naked breasts. I never used to sleep nude, but here the only time I wear any kind of clothes is when we go to eat or we leave the resort for some reason. 

Robert groaned and stretched as he became awake and looked around at his surroundings to remind himself where he was. 

"Hey, Babe," he groaned sleepily. 

"Good morning, Hon," I replied softly. 

"Is something wrong?" he inquired. 

"No, nothing's wrong," I smiled. "I was just thinking. What are we going to do when we get back home?"

"We already decided we were going to keep on swinging with Paul and Tracy, didn't we?" 

"Yeah...if you still want to." 

"I do. Do you?" he asked. 

"Yeah, I do want to... very much; that's the problem. I feel like I'm becoming a real slut," I said. 

"It's just guilt because that's not the way you were raised; but you're not a slut. I wish you'd quit saying that." 

"Okay," I smiled. "I love you, Honey."

I leaned into him and gave him a kiss on the lips I sat up then to let him get up and go to the bathroom. When he came back he had relieved himself, brushed his teeth and combed his hair, but then he got back in bed with me. He put his arm around my shoulders and pulled our naked bodies together. 

"I love you more than anything else in the world, and none of this nonsense will ever change that," he assured me.

I kissed his lips passionately to try to display all the love for him I had in my heart. We fell back onto the bed then and wound up in a loving embrace, locked in a tongue swirling kiss.

One good thing about sleeping naked is you don't have clothing in your way when you try to get to the other one's good parts. My hand easily found his erect cock while his hand went directly to my breasts to fondle and caress them. He tossed the sheet off us and laid down gently on top of me. While we kissed some more, my hand went down between us to guide his cock into my waiting, wet pussy. 

"Ah... I love to feel your cock in my pussy," I gasped. "You're all I'll ever want or need." 

I had the feeling I was trying to convince myself more than anything. Not that I was lying to Robert deliberately, I wanted desperately to believe that. It's just that when I said that, I wasn't one hundred percent sure of it myself. It's not that Robert was lacking anything in the love- making department; he was able to satisfy me every time. We had decided to take a rest today and spend the day together, putting the swinging on hold temporarily, but I woke up this morning wondering what new adventure or different cock I would have come my way. What is wrong with me? 

Robert's cock slid into my love tunnel effortlessly because I was so wet with sexual arousal. I wrapped my legs around his butt and spurred him on with my heels.

"Oh, yeah. Fuck me with your beautiful cock! Drive that dick home in my cunt, baby," I practically yelled.

I never used to talk like that, even when we were making love, but I seem to be a gutter mouth here lately. Robert responded by shoving his cock in and out of my pussy so fast and hard, it was like he was overcome with emotion, but I didn't complain. I was loving it. I drummed his ass with my heels to spur him on. I knew at this pace, it wouldn't be long until I was over the top to orgasm land. 

"Oh, shit, Ash, I love to fuck you! God, you're so fucking pretty, I love you so much. Your pussy feels awesome," Rob groaned as he fucked. 

"Oh, yes, fuck me, Rob. Oh, baby, baby, baby, I love you so much. I love the way you're fucking me."

Soon it happened and he brought me over the top first. The rush of good feeling went from my clit to my breasts, causing my whole body to contort and twitch as my body shuddered in completion. The strong contractions in my vaginal muscles which caused my pussy and butt hole to open and close powerfully around his cock had him following me almost immediately. He paused and stiffened in a moment of triumph, then released several volleys of cum squirts deep in my waiting pussy. I could feel his cock jerk in my pussy as he delivered his several discharges of cum juice: jerk, splash, jerk, splash, jerk, splash.

We laid there for a few moments, connected together with his cock gradually softening in my pussy, kissing and allowing our breathing to become normal. He slipped out of my love tunnel and rolled over on his back. I could feel the cooling cum juice as it oozed out of my love canal and began to slowly make its way to my ass cheeks.

"You sure do cum a lot, Babe, more than anyone else I've had." 

I cringed after saying that because now I'm comparing him to my other lovers. Well, not lovers, more like fuckers, I guess. Although Michael is very sweet and Roy impressed me very much: he has such a big, chocolate colored, delicious looking cock. Still, I don't feel for them what I feel for Robert. I love Robert and he loves me, and that's the way it will always be. 

I got up and went into the little bathroom just to the side of our room to clean up a bit, leaving the door open and sat on the toilet. I pushed to expel all the cum juice I could, and tinkled a little bit. Robert was lying on his back on the bed, looking like he was deep in thought.

"What are you thinking about, Babe?" I asked him.

"Huh?...Oh, nothing. I was just wondering what we were going to do today is all." 

I wiped my pussy with a wad of toilet paper and flushed it down the toilet.

"Let's shower and you can shave, then we'll go to breakfast. We can decide what to do after that," I suggested.

*

We were eating our breakfast when Tracy, ( Rob's cousin) and Paul, (Rob's friend and employer) walked in the cafeteria. They purchased a small breakfast and then came to our table to sit down and eat. 

"How's it going, guys?" Paul smiled. 

"Hey, Paul; 'lo Tracy," I answered as Rob's mouth was full. 

"What's planned for today?" Paul enquired. 

Rob and I looked at each other for an answer. We had planned to spend the day with just the two of us, dropping out of the swinging resort for a while. I supposed to myself that we could also include Paul and Tracy in our plans. I guess the same thought came to Rob's mind. 

"Let's go into town and rub shoulders with the locals for a change," Rob answered. "I'd like to buy some real souvenirs of this island." 

We got dressed, met again and called a cab to take us to town. The cab driver was a black local who grinned from ear to lecherous ear as we got into his cab. Rob sat in front; Tracy, Paul and I rode in the back seat. Because the weather was quite hot, I wore nothing but a thin pair of panties and a light sundress. Tracy was dressed about the same. 

The town was inland a few miles, small and not very much to do there. Rob bought some rum because it was so inexpensive. The only thing is if you try to take it home you are charged taxes, which jacks the price up to normal. We did find a little store where we bought a few items and cute souvenirs. Not finding much else to do, we got another cab to return to the resort. 

We sat in that cab the same way as the first. I was watching the scenery go by when I felt something touch my thigh. I looked down to find Paul's hand on my leg, starting to work its way under my dress. I looked at Rob to see his reaction but he wasn't watching. Paul's fingers sliding up my inner thigh felt so nice I didn't stop him. I looked over at Tracy who was watching and smiling because Paul's other hand was between her legs. Before we got to the resort his hand was at the top of my thigh under my dress, his fingers caressing my panties. I spread my legs a little more and delighted in the feeling of his hand against my panty gusset, making me squirm as he churned up a creamy wetness within my pussy. We arrived before I could reach an orgasm though.

"We still have time to make it to the yacht if we hurry," I reminded everyone.

"Might as well, not much else to do today," Rob agreed. 

Robert and I had agreed this morning to put the swinging on hold today and just have some 'us' time, but I guess those plans have fallen by the wayside. We hurried and got ourselves around to arrive at the yacht about ten minutes before they set sail. We had to wait for Roy and Heather to show up. I was glad to see them, especially Roy. There's something about that black dick I just love. Sorry if you think I'm just terrible, but that's how I feel.

Willis and Sylvia were there, of course, because they owned the yacht. Justin and Cindy also were aboard. Cindy was their daughter and their son-in-law, Justin, was piloting the boat. The guests included: Roy and Heather, Paul and Tracy, Robert and I, and our dear new friends, Kelsey and Michael. 

Dressed in our string bikinis, we girls decided to lay on the bow for a while to get some more sun until we got out to sea. When I checked the back of the yacht, the men except Justin were in the stern with fishing poles, dragging heave fishing lines behind us. I couldn't understand why they didn't just eat the fish they were using as bait; they were big enough.

As we bounced easily through the waves, I could definitely hear the difference between the generator and the two main diesel engines of the yacht. The huge, powerful diesel engines throbbed so much they caused the entire craft to vibrate. I pressed my pussy flat to the deck to feel the throbbing vibrations on my clit. I could see Justin looking out of the bridge window just eight or ten feet above us as he piloted us safely along. He smiled and waved to me as if to say everything was okay. I looked over at Cindy in her bikini swimsuit lying next to me. 

"You're a beautiful girl, Cindy," I said softly. 

She raised up, looked at me, smiled and said, "Thanks, you are too. I love your red hair." 

"Aw, thank you," I replied modestly. "I don't think about it much; I've had it all my life." 

"I'm really glad you came with us today; I like you a lot," she said. "Want me to rub some sunscreen on you? I don't want you to burn and lose what little tan you have now." 

"That would be nice," I replied. "You do me and I'll do you."

"Woo-hoo!" she said to turn my statement into a double meaning. "I'll go along with that."

Cindy rubbed sunscreen all over my back, slowly massaging my muscles with her soft hands. It was relaxing yet at the same time slightly arousing and my pussy began to juice up. She moved down to my legs, beginning with my calves, then gradually moved up to my thighs. My bikini didn't cover more than the crack between my butt cheeks so my ample ass cheeks were included in the sunscreen massage. I felt Cindy's fingers deliberately dip between my thighs to caress my bikini clad pussy. I let out a soft moan of pleasure and opened my legs more to make room for her hand between my legs.

"You like that, don't you," she said.

"I love the way you touch my pussy," I responded with my head raised and my eyes closed. 

Cindy continued to pet me between my legs until she had my pussy flooded with desire. I looked around and saw Sylvia and Heather, and Kelsey and Tracy putting sunscreen on each other. 

"I'll do you now," I said, taking the bottle of sunscreen.

Without saying a word, Cindy removed her bikini top, even though other boats were around us, and laid down on her stomach. A week ago, I reflected, I had never touched another girl except for her hands or arms; now here am I sensuously rubbing the naked back of a pretty girl with my pussy throbbing with desire for her. I enjoyed the feeling of her back and shoulders beneath my hands, how warm and smooth her skin felt. I slid my hands down her ribcage to deliberately get a feel of the sides of her breasts. How exciting to touch another girl like that.

I moved down to her legs and began with her calves. She must have the hair removed somehow because there was no stubble from shaving. I wasn't simply applying sunscreen, I was ogling, caressing, inspecting, and loving every inch of her body. 

I went to her feet next. I massaged the souls of her feet firmly so I wouldn't tickle her, making sure I got sunscreen on the top of her foot. Her chubby little toes with red nail polish looked so cute and inviting, I couldn't help but take them in my mouth one by one and suck on them a bit. 

"Ooo, yeah, suck my toes like that; I like it." 

I let her drop her feet down then and moved up to her thighs. Her thighs were smooth and shapely and I oiled them up with heated appreciation. 

Her string bikini I believe was smaller than mine yet, and really didn't cover much at all; her slit was covered and that was it. I could see the edges of her puckered hole under the thin string going up between her butt cheeks. I liberally applied oil to her round butt cheeks and massaged them good, all the while watching her butt hole playing peek-a-boo with me. I allowed my thumbs to travel in the valley of her butt cheeks, and lightly graze across her puckered little asshole. I was elated to know that this girl, this young woman only one year older than me, will lay there and allow me to do anything that came to my mind. 

I looked around to see the boats around us were thinning in number but some were still close enough to make us be good. I dared to press the tip of my right thumb against her pucker. Slick with sunscreen it entered up to mid thumbnail. In the bright sunshine I could see the wrinkled spot clearly envelope the tip of my thumb, then she pushed as if to expel but actually was opening up to let my thumb in up to the first knuckle. I pulled my thumb out a bit, added some sun oil, Then pushed my thumb back in farther until soon my entire thumb was embedded in her warm, moist asshole.

"Yeah, come on and fuck my asshole, slut," she moaned. 

Her calling me a slut was like a slap in the face, but I didn't want to stop doing what I was doing so I kept on. Those are fighting words back home. She really wasn't calling me a slut though, I figured; she was just talking dirty on a sexual high so I shrugged it off. I turned my hand around so my fingers could rub her bikini gusset as I sawed my thumb in and out of her asshole. I dripped sun oil on my thumb periodically to keep it slick, and my fingers rubbing her gusset made her crotch heat up and dampen. It was the first time I'd ever fucked someone's ass like that, but here in the bright sun where I could clearly see my thumb pass from sight and enter the wrinkled apex of her delightful ass, it was fun to do. 

"Yeah, be a good slut now, fuck my ass and rub my pussy."

That was one of many remarks like that, and each time she referred to me as 'slut' I began to feel less offended and actually began to like it. Perhaps I really am a slut doing all these things.

My heart was beating heavier as I looked around to see if anyone was watching. The other boats were gradually getting farther away now. I slipped my fingers under the small piece of fabric that covered her slit and pushed it to one side. I studied the pink folds of flesh in her pussy now damp with desire. Lying on her stomach, her love tunnel opening was right there, just below my thumb stuck in her butt. As she clenched her butt hole around my thumb from time to time, I could see the muscles of her love tunnel open and shut, causing her to emit drops of love dew that started to trickle out and down between her pink butterfly lips. It was an almost clear liquid but had a smoky look as well. With my thumb in her butt, my fingers pushed the emissions down in between her soft, pink butterfly lips to her clit. Her pink inner lips looked just like a big, pink butterfly as my fingers spread them apart. She looked so beautiful.
