 After Ellie and Charlie finished their wild and noisy threshing they untangled. They lay there silent, their bodies still close, arms still around each other. She felt him go soft inside her. A trail of their juices ran out and down the crack of her ass. Their pulses returned to normal. 

"God," Ellie wondered. "Did I overdo it? What could Jim possibly be thinking, watching his wife screaming and urging a complete stranger to fuck her harder, and with a big cock to boot?" She looked up into Charlie's face, smiled, and pull his face to hers. She gave him a quick kiss, this time without the passion. It was almost as if it was a peck goodbye. He understood and rolled off, his penis leaving a trail as it slid across her belly. 

Ellie lay there naked and wet in parts. It was awkward. What next? In the arcane world of swinging was there a protocol for this? 

Jim recognized her worries and reacted immediately. Naked himself, he got in bed with his wife. "Darling, I love you. You were so beautiful and so exciting."

"Were you jealous at seeing me get off so hard Jim? At first I thought I'd just fake it, then the passion took over and I lost it. Jesus, it was hot."

"No. I'm glad we did it. When he shot a load in you I wondered if you felt it. 

"Oh god yes, and he left a lot behind."

He put his fingers in it and asked, "You want me to do it?"

"I think you should, or you'll always feel left out somehow." She pushed his head and he moved south. A big dollop was on her leg. He ran his tongue over it, wondered about those stories that called it delicious. It wasn't. He moved on to other spots. As he did, he also realized that he had passed two hitherto forbidden benchmarks this evening. He had held another man's erect penis, then tasted his semen. But he wasn't done yet. As he had done so many times he dove into her triangle. His tongue reached all the hot spots then he pulled her on top of his face and plunged into her vagina from below. It was a big crème pie and a lot of it was on his face. . 

No backing out now. As he felt her grind her pussy into his face he felt her hands on his cock. He wondered if she'd finally give him what he'd asked for these many years -- a blowjob done to completion. Damn he wanted that. 

But no. She put her face alongside of it and stroked it. When he started moving she stroked faster. It was different this time. He felt her face against him, and her hand holding it tight to her. She gently stroked and he moved his hips to her rhythm. Then it started to happen. "Oh god Ellie. Oh god darling. ooooh ooooh. And as he looked up her body he saw it erupt all over the side of her face and into her face. 

But a real blow job, if there ever would be one, would have to wait. 

After a while they got dressed, then bade Charlie goodbye, and made their exit. 

The next day they had an e-mail with a curt message from Jim. "Gloria called early this morning saying her mom died peacefully."

The next day they sent a sympathy card to Gloria, and signed it "Your friends, Jim and Ellie." Then they sent a donation to the cancer society in Gloria's name.

Three weeks later they received an e-mail from both. "We are planning a party and would like to talk with you on the phone. When is the best time for all four of us to call? Back went the answer: How about 7 p.m. tonight? We'll be free to talk. "

Jim wondered how this might go? Was Ellie ready to make take the next step. Could she handle multiple partners in one night, all with the others in the same room? How would she handle that? Would she even be willing to try? Would he/

Finally the phone rang, again hellos all around. Charlie got to the point quickly. "Folks we are having a swinging party this Friday and we would like you folks to come. You would make the fourth couple. What do you think?

Jim was fumbling for words when Ellie answered for both, "Sure. What time?" They would be taking the next step. 

Jim summed up the details. There would be four couples, all about the same age. It would be racially integrated. Same room sex was the general rule, but there would be one bedroom set aside for privacy if a couple wished. Everybody was expected to get it on with everybody of the opposite sex but nobody had to do anything more than just vanilla intercourse. Be honest. Tell your partners what was taboo and/or what you really like. Everybody was urged to arrive for a social hour to get acquainted. Once the party started men would be wear nothing more than their shorts, but would have to strip before engaging. The women could wear brief attire if they preferred. Twosomes, threesomes or more encouraged. Condoms available. 

On the appointed night they were once again on the way to an adventure. 

This time Gloria and Charlie answered the door together. She was, as advertised, forty something and lovely. Gloria wore a kimono, slit up the leg and nothing showing underneath. She gave Ellie a quick hello peck on the cheek then turned to Jim. His hello kiss was not a quick peck. it was a full fledged, open mouthed kiss. She fondled his ass. When he reciprocated he felt nothing but ass under the kimono, firm well shaped ass. She ground her hips against him and went "hmmmmm" when she felt his erection. Jim looked over her shoulder and saw his wife getting and giving the same treatment. He hoped the hour would pass quickly. 

So did Ellie. She remembered reading that in many cases the distaff side was reluctant to start swinging, but once started they were more eager than men to continue. This was an adventure she had been looking forward to ever since she had left this house last time. She hoped Jim would understand. 

Somewhat reluctantly they broke away from the passionate embraces and made their way to the bar in the kitchen. They had a quart of fine Scotch for the host and a more modest bottle of chilled Rhine wine for themselves -- just enough to chase away the nervousness -- no more. Tonight they would stay sober. Back in the living room, a big African American greeted them, "Hi folks I'm George and this is my wife Andris. We are here for you to learn whether we folks are really different" They were passed on to Jack and Yoshi, obviously of Japanese descent. Jack introduced himself and Yoshi, "Hi, as you can see we are both of Japanese ancestry. I'm a third generation and thoroughly Americanized. Yoshi is a native of Japan and has a bit of trouble with the language, but she brings something extra to the party, a keen appreciation of some exotic Oriental sexual techniques. 

The social hour was much like any other hour with a mixed group of friends. No groping. No nudity. Hardly even any ribald humor. After the welcome kiss, which Jim and Ellie presumed was also given to the others, no outside observer would have guessed they would soon be paired off in wild sexual abandon. 

Indeed, Charlie had told Ellie that getting a party actually started was a bit of a problem and he asked her to help in that. She, an accomplished speaker, had spent a lot of time going over her lines. But her work seemed to be cut out for her. Even the drinking was done slowly. Ellie wondered if she could indeed inflame the passions. Hell she knew how to talk, but this was her first real swing party! 

Then, at eight sharp, Gloria rang a bell. "Party time folks. I have four slips of paper numbered one through four. Ellie, being the newest will be number one, Yoshi, number two; Andris three, and I'll be four. Jack you reach inside the hat and the number you pull out will be your first partner. Then Jim, etc. Ellie was to be Charlie's first partner. That suited her just fine. There was something she wanted to do. 

Then the women repaired to the bedroom to change into . . . well, into almost nothing. The party was underway. She marveled at Yoshi. The Japanese-American was perhaps forty, but still looked like a teenager, a well built teenager. She knew that men loved titties. Yoshi's were small but proportionate to her small frame. Andris's tits were large enough to satisfy the mammary fixation of any man. She guessed that Gloria's, like her own, were surgically enhanced. If so, both operations were a success. 

Gloria looked her cohorts over and said, "Okay girls, let's all go get laid."

They walked back into the living room and looked their soon-to-be sex partners over. All were sitting in on a sofa, a chair, or on one of the mattresses lying about the room. And they were nearly undressed, at least down to their shorts. But so far not a hint of a wild sex party. Jim aimed to change that with the help of Ellie. "Folks we have a new couple here tonight. In fact their only experience with swinging was a threesome that I was privileged to take part in a few weeks ago. Ellie, would you like to introduce yourself and your loving hubby, Jim?"

Ellie's outfit would certainly draw attention. It consisted of nothing but a thigh-length, beige, nearly transparent teddy. No panties. No bra. Her breasts pushed at the material, nipples clearly visible. She stood, looked her small audience over, smiled and began, "Hi I'm Ellie and I am in love with my husband." She reached over and fondled his shorts, then pulled them down. He clearly had an erection. Andris, his first partner looked at it, smiled and reached across and gently stroked it. In turn he reached over and stroked her breasts. Things were starting to happen.

Ellie continued, "We are not only in love, we have a wonderful sex life. I'd guess that if everybody was as satisfied with theirs as we are there would be no divorce anywhere in the country." She then looked right at Jim and added, "God I love you darling. I love you so much I want you to have a wonderful time tonight." Then she walked around the room caressing Jack's and George's cock, then pulling their shorts down, and added "I certainly intend to.

"But if things are so wonderful, what are we doing here?

"The answer is easy. Things are wonderful because we refuse to stop looking for new exciting things to do. And we do them together. Four weeks ago the two of us visited Charlie. A few drinks, some interesting "tobacco" and he and I fucked while Jim watched.

"Risque? Oh hell yes, and I wasn't sure I'd do it, but before we were done I was fucking him back as hard as he was fucking me. I'm sure you ladies know how hard and how forceful that can be. Huh?"

Then she pulled Charlie's shorts down and squeezed his nuts. 

"Best of all Jim was a part of it. He helped me get over my nerves, then he even guided Charlie's cock into me. When it was over he ate the crème pie, just because I asked him to."

By now everybody was listening intently but hands were moving, including Ellie's. She was stroking her own breasts as she talked. Then she dropped one hand to her crotch and pushed the thin material up and down her vagina and on her clit. Finally she pushed some of the material up her vagina. 

"Yes, this makes me hot," she said. "I love the idea of being an exhibitionist and a voyeur all at once.

"But the swinging? Common knowledge has it that if a person's wife does it her husband won't ever look at her the same again." She again interrupted Jim's ministering to Andris and asked, "That so Jim?"

He looked around the room and answered, "Yes it's true, but it doesn't have to be bad. In fact, I look at Ellie with even more passion than ever before. We have fucked more and in more places than we did the first three weeks of our marriage. We can't keep our hands off each other. One night I came home while she was standing at the stove getting dinner. The kids were gone. I walked behind her, slipped my hands under her t-shirt and fondled her tits (at this Ellie caressed her own breasts). Then I put my hands down the front of her shorts.

"She turned off the stove, walked outside into the garage, dropped her shorts and bent over the hood of the car. We had the fastest fuck we ever had. It didn't last more than a minute but it was hot and we knew we'd have another session before we went to sleep. We haven't missed a night since the party." 

By this time Ellie was getting really hot herself. As she fingered herself she gyrated her hips. But she had more to tell, "I even did something Jim had asked me to do many times. On the way back from Oceanside one night. I suggested we take the coast highway rather than the freeway because the moon was shining on the water. He knew I love to make it in the car, but I wanted something more that night."

"We pulled over and did the usual high school stuff, kissing fondling, and all. Then I unzipped his pants, told him to recline the seat, pushed him back. and went down on him. I have done that a lot but I've always pulled away just before he would cum. This time I pulled his pants down, he was fondling my titties, soon he started moving his hips, my signal to get out of the way. 

"I said, 'not tonight darling, keep going, I want to do this. . . all the way this time.' Then I slipped a lubricated condom on my finger and pushed it up his ass, all while giving him a hot, wet blowjob. Soon he groaned, oooh god I'm cumming' I stayed with it even stroked it with my free hand. He gave a hard shove and let it fly. I had given my first complete blow job. I had a mouth full and not knowing exactly what to do, just swallowed. I've done it every time since. I have no idea why I enjoyed it but I did. I really did! Perhaps it was because the man I love wanted it, but I'm now willing, even anxious, to do it to others, and I intend to swallow." 

She paused, and continued, "In case anybody is interested." 

By this time the party was really underway. George and Yoshi had moved to a mattress. He had gone down on her and was moving on top. Still fingering herself Ellie watched as his six foot four inch frame dwarfed Yoshi's five foot body. Then the lithe Japanese woman reached down and guided him in. Ellie was by this time moving her fingers rapidly and shaking as she neared an orgasm. God it was exciting watching the seemingly mismatched pair start to make love. And with such gusto! 

Ellie turned back to Jim smiled then moved close so her hips were even with his face. He reached out, pulled up her nightie, and fondled her ass. This time her gyration brought her labia in contact with his mouth. He parted them with his tongue and commenced giving her thrill after thrill. Soon she held his head tight as his tongue worked its way inside her. She put her left leg over his right shoulder and fucked his face. 

She had wondered about her noisy orgasms but the sounds from the other three couples allayed that. She was noisy as the orgasms came in waves but she could clearly hear the unmistakable sounds of sex from the others. The living room sounded like the sound track of a cheap porno movie, but she was sure these sounds were authentic. Especially Yoshi's who simply could not be faking an orgasm that authentically. 

Now engulfed in passion, Ellie held Charlie's head tight, ground her pussy into his face, quivered and had her first of the night. There would be many more. 

When she quit shaking, Charlie lay down on the mattress and pulled her down with him. He asked, "May I be the second person you fuck with that lovely face of yours?"

She licked his lips, still wet with her own juice, "Yes, I hope you have a big load for me. And please tell me every step of the way what it feels like."

She pushed him onto his back and made the exotic trip down his body, stopping to suck and nibble on his nipples while grasping his balls. Then further until she worked her way around his erect cock. Down his legs then back up on the inside. By now she was astraddle his left leg. She opened her vulva so her clit rubbed on his leg. As she moved her mouth back up to his cock she rubbed on his leg. "Hummmm," she pondered, "A girl can have an orgasm while giving head. Interesting!" 

"Then she was licking his balls as he said, "Oh Christ, Ellie, Oooh Christ, that's so wonderful. So fucking wonderful."

By the time she put her lips on his cock they both were excited. Charlie told her exactly how it felt, "Ohh sweetheart that's so good. Make it wet with your saliva." Now she grabbed his balls and started moving up and down, so vigorously that she he nearly choked her on the downstroke. He started moving faster. Then she felt a hand on her shoulder. Yoshi had a glass of hot water. "You take some, put in your mouth. He cum hard."

God the water was hot, so hot she could hardly stand it at first, but she wanted this to be extra exciting. She filled her mouth with it then again slid over his stiff cock, the water running down past his balls and down the crack of his ass. 

Charlie gave with a loud yell, lunged, nearly choking Ellie then grabbed her head and gave several hard strokes and exploded in her mouth. 

She had sucked her second cock, and was ready for more sex. 

She didn't have long to wait She felt a hand caressing her ass, then her pussy. Who could this be? Whomever it was, was behind her, and she couldn't see him. And whomever it was, was good at what he was doing. The gentle fingers softly caressed her vulva then moved inside. Up and down they went until they rested on her clit. God it felt good. She loved the excitement of being made caressed by a stranger. Ellie disengaged from Charlie and raised her ass to give the mystery lover better access. She also closed her eyes to enhance the mystery. 

And so it continued, One hand reached under her, she raised up, the other on her pussy, she reveled in the experience. And she reacted to it. She moved back his probing fingers. They in turn invaded her and stroked her g-spot. It wasn't long in coming, she commenced murmuring as he worked her over. "Ohhhh yes that's so good. I love that. Yes, do it more. More, more, god yes,more."

Then both hands went to her hips and she felt his penis at the opening. A giant shove and he was inside her. A few quick strokes and she was getting off big time. A few more and so was he. She didn't even recognize the "oooohhhhh," but she felt the result of the climax of the stranger.

And she heard the applause of an appreciative audience. Everybody else had stopped to watch them, and they had put on a great show. Ellie looked back over her shoulder and said, "That was wonderful, but I thought you guys all had small peckers."

"Ahhh so, "replied Jack, "We inscrutable Orientals get velly big peckers when excited, and you, Madam Lovely Ass velly exciting."

"Velly exciting indeed, next time, and I hope it's soon, I want you on top so I can look at you."

Jack added the kicker, "I assure you lovely lady with the big knockers I will do it your way."

MaryAnn had indeed helped make the party a success, and by the simple expedient of closing her eyes and raising her ass. 

And it wasn't over yet, not by a long shot, metaphorically speaking of course. 

She had been having one type of sex after the other for about three quarters of an hour. She went to the bathroom to repair her looks, then, she went to the bedroom where she'd left her clothes. She took retrieved her panties, picked them up, checked the crotch, pushed her finger in a small opening where the threads had been snipped. She also used a nail clipper to snip a few stitches in the hem of her teddy. Then she came back into the main room where there was a lull. She said something to her husband then went to the bar in the kitchen and poured herself her second glass of wine. 

She wasn't alone for long. "Hi, girding up for the next round?" George was standing by the bar and was naked. 

She immediately looked down at his cock. It was limp. "I'm resting myself," he said, "Getting ready for the main event." George was next on her schedule.

Ellie said, "We both want to be at our best don't we?"

George changed the subject, "I want to tell you that you have added some pizzazz to the program tonight. If there hadn't been women present you'd have seen four guys whacking off when you told of giving your first experience in swinging, especially after you demonstrated your own . . . uh your own passion by masturbating. Then when you pulled our shorts down and groped each of us in turn . . . God!"
