 This story is a continuation of my introduction to the swinging lifestyle. Reading Ch. 1 and 2 will help understand how I came to this point of the story.

Special thanks to Literotica writer, Funlovingflirt1 , who helped me develop one of the scenes for this chapter. Pushing me out of my comfort zone. Check her stories out for a great read.

***********

Sunday morning started out slow for me. I woke up about 10 am, alone. I hear someone talking in the other room. Putting on my boxers, I run my fingers through my bed head hair and head to the kitchen.

"Good morning stud," Jill says with a smile on her face.

"Morning."

"We must have worn you out sexy," Tammi smiles.

"That you did, you two are a handful. I will be glad when Brad gets home. I need some backup," I replied.

Pouring a cup of coffee, I head for a seat. I lean over to Jill and give her a kiss. Then around the other side of the table, I kiss Tammi and sit down beside her.

I find it hard to keep from tenting my boxers, because both of them are nude as usual. Jill's large tits showing across the table, nipples erect. Turning to talk to Tammi, her nipples are hard as well. I reach over and tweak the closest nipple to me. She jumps and smiles.

"I can not get enough of your hot bodies. Still trying to get used to all the casual nakedness," I replied.

"Just wait then until you go to the Henson's party. There will be a lot of casual nakedness before it is over with. Matt and Taylor throw a hell of a party. You are going aren't you," Tammi asked?

"I want to, but I'm a little nervous about going to a strangers house. Can I get a ride with you and Brad," I ask Jill?

"Sure, Tammi is going with us as well. You will have a good time, I promise. We will not throw you to the wolves. More than likely your dance card will probably be full for the night. New guests always get a lot of attention," she laughed.

My cock hardens just thinking about it. Tammi brushes her hand across my tented boxers and smiles.

"Jill is going to her moms for a visit today. How about you and I going for a walk? There is a park not too far from here, it has nice walking paths. They even have a waterfall not too far from the entrance, but might be frozen over this time of year," Tammi looks at me questioningly.

"Sure, I would love that," I replied. "I need a shower before we go, I brought a change of clothes with me."

"Same here. There is room for both of us, you wash my back and I will wash yours," she stated.

"You two lovebirds go shower, I will clean up in here," Jill teased.

"JILL!" Tammi exclaimed.

"I'm teasing. You do make a cute couple though."

Tammi grabs me and pulls me toward the showers before Jill can embarrass her any more.

"What was that about?" I asked.

"I just told her you seemed to be a great guy, and handsome too. She is always trying to hook me up."

"Well you do seem nice and very pretty."

"Well thanks," she said blushingly.

She turn on the shower to warm it up.

"Well, you can't wear your boxers in the shower, drop them mister!"

"Oh, for me?" she said while giving my cock a couple strokes.

"What do you expect when I am in the same room with a gorgeous naked female?"

"Nothing less," she smiled.

The shower stall easily fit both of us. I grabbed the soap and started washing her back as she wet her hair. While soaping her ass, I couldn't help but massage her butt cheeks. My cock was growing. I pulled her close to my chest and she moaned.

My cock was resting between her cheeks, as I reached up with soapy hands and caressed her breasts. My fingers slowly circled her areola, then brushing across her hard nipples. I gave her nipples a pinch and she moaned.

I am sliding my cock up and down on her ass. One hand moved to her pussy, as my finger slides in easily.

"Oh yea baby, tease me!" she exclaimed.

She squirms back at me. I pulled her face to the side as I lean forward and we kiss. I turn her toward me, thrusting my finger deeper in her, teasing her clit with my thumb. She leans toward me, her lower body squirming, as she sticks her tongue down my throat.

We kiss passionately as I continue to thrust my finger in and out of her. She grabs my cock and strokes it, already hard, my passion rises. I use my free hand to tweak a nipple and she moans into my mouth. She moves toward the small bench seat at the back of the shower and faces the wall, lifting one foot onto the seat.

I can take the hint, coming up behind her and running my cock up and down her wet slit. She has got me going, I stick my head at her entrance and thrust halfway in. Another moan from her. Working my cock in and out slowly penetrating deeper and deeper. I bottom out and hold for a minute, enjoying her tight grip on my cock.

I can feel her flexing her muscles around my cock, milking it. I reach around her and cup her tits in my hands. Tweaking her nipples as I begin stroking in and out. She is more animated the more I stroke.

I pull my hands to her waist and start long stroking her pussy. I am so worked up, she is going to get a hard fucking. I start slamming into her as she pushes back at me while I am stroking in. I feel her getting wetter inside as I pummel her pussy.

She is starting to quiver as I continue my relentless pounding of her pussy. My tension is starting to rise as I feel the familiar beginnings of my orgasm.

"I close, come for me baby," I tell her breathlessly.

I reach around and finger her clit. Her body stiffens as I continue fucking her.

"Oooh fuck me with that hard cock. I am almost there."

I increase my pace, I can feel the cum surging through my loins.

"I'm coming!" I cry out.

Her body stiffens. My cum start pulsing into her womb, coating her inside. This sets her off as her orgasm takes over her body.

"Ahhh, oh fuck, ooooh," she cried out.

Her body trembling through her orgasm. I hold her as we experience our orgasms together. I softened up and slipped out of her warmth. I turn around and sit on the bench. She straddles my lap and leans back into me.

"That was wonderful," she said softly.

"You are wonderful," I smiled.

We sat there, the spray of the shower hitting our lower bodies, cuddling.

We stood and continued our showers, washing each other, trying not to get worked up again. Out of the shower we dried off, me watching her towel off that beautiful body.

"What?" she looked at me.

"Just enjoying watching you dry that incredible body," I replied honestly.

"Get dressed you horn-dog," as she laughed.

Dressed, we found Jill reading the paper on the couch.

"We are taking off now. Thanks for letting me stay the last two nights. I enjoyed myself very much," I said sincerely.

"Tammi and I enjoyed you 'taking care' of us while Brad was gone," she smiled. "Are you coming back tonight?"

"No, I need to get some rest, you know work tomorrow."

"Understood. Don't want you dragging ass into work. Tongues would be wagging!"

The ride to the county park didn't take long. There was a bathroom at the trail head and a nice wide gravel path leading into the woods. It was chilly, but once we were in the woods, the wind calmed down.

"How long have you been coming here?" I asked, "I didn't know this park existed."

"My parents brought me here off and on since I was about 10 or so."

"Its nice how the main path has benches every so often."

"Yes a park for young and old. The trails after the waterfall are dirt trails as you would normally expect in the woods," she replied.

As we come close to the waterfalls, we enter a clearing. There is the standard wooden three rail fence found in many parks, at the edge of the viewing area. As you stand looking down, there is a 50 yard gap from where we are standing to the other side of the bowl. It is about 25ft down to where the water pools from the waterfall, and drains into a creek.

The waterfall is across from us, the flow of water barely coming through, ice forming into icicles. The pond below was iced over, except where the water was trickling down from the half frozen waterfall.

You can see where a trail comes from our side, down into the pond area and a wooden platform was built.

In the middle, a wooden half-circle viewing area was pushing out toward the falls. From there you could see the wooden platform lead to a dirt trail working up the side of the wall leading up and into the woods.

"Tammi, this area is beautiful," I commented.

"Yes I think so too," she replied. "I love coming during the summer and hiking the trails, seeing the normal flow of water over the falls."

I turned to her, we were standing close because of the wind. She turned toward me and I reached down and kissed her softly. We lingered for a few seconds before our lips parted.

"That was nice," I said softly. "This is nice, you, nature, me. You ready to head back?"

"Yes I am starting to get chilled," she replied.

She grabs my arm and pulls me close as we walk back toward the car.

"Tell me something. Do you ever have trouble with your emotions with swinging?"

"I had a boyfriend some time ago, I brought him to a party. He didn't seem to have a problem with going off with another woman, but he was jealous if I went off with another man. It created a real issue for us and we ended up breaking up not long after."

"What makes this work for most people?" I questioned.

"Well I play well with all, male and female. We can play while their partner is in recovery mode. Or find a room and pleasure each other alone. I have been to enough parties, people know I'm not a threat, just someone who pleases their spouse and moves on," she said simply.

"So as long as I enjoy someone and move on, then I don't rankle any feathers?"

"Basically. You may become friends with some couples or find a partner you enjoy more than others, but as long as you don't get an emotional attachment going."

"Tell you what, enjoy yourself, you just do what feels right for you. At the end of the night, you find me if I don't find you first. I will be your rock, the person you know you're going home with. We will enjoy each other to top off the night," she offered.

"That would be awesome," I answered.

"You know we seem to have a lot in common, I would not mind spending more time getting to know you," I offered.

While looking over at me, she kissed me and I returned her passion.

"I would like that. You seem to be a nice guy," she answered.

"We already know we are compatible sexually," she smiled.

I returned her smile. Tammi seems to be one sweet lady, who enjoys sex as much as I do.

"You can drop me off at Jills if you don't mind," she said while leaving the park.

"My pleasure," I said.

After dropping Tammi off at Jills, I headed home.

********

Work was rough Monday morning. Project meeting first thing. My mind kept drifting to the wonderful weekend I had with Jill and Tammi. Those two are so damn sexy! Plus I really like Tammi, we will see where it goes from here.

Jill calls and tells me her and Tammi are throwing a 'welcome home' party for Brad tonight. I can only imagine what those two have in mind. I readily accept the invitation to join them. I was bringing the whiskey and a bottle of wine. She was making her famous, fall apart tender roast, with some mashed potatoes and corn.

She said Jim's flight got in around 1pm and he was going to rest before dinner. If I wanted to bring a change of clothes for work tomorrow, that would be fine. I certainly did not want to drink and drive. This project I am working on is too important for the company and my future there. I do not need a DWI to complicate things.

I arrived around 6 pm, dinner was just getting finished. I help set the table with Tammi, while Jill went to wake up Brad. Tammi was wearing a t-shirt that said, 'My friend wants to fuck you', commando no less. It was rather evident when she bent across the table to put the silverware on the table.

Jill came out of the bedroom wearing a t-shirt that said, 'Fuck me, I'm legal'. Her erect nipples were standing proud on her huge tits. Brad comes out in his boxers, rubbing his eyes. Sitting down he looks up at Tammi placing the silverware and plate in front of him.

"Hi, sweetie, I have missed you and Jill both," smiling as he runs his hand up her leg.

She leans down and kisses him like there is no tomorrow. He fondles her breast, giving her nipple a tweak. A hug and she finishes setting the table. I take my seat across from him. Jill places the roast on the table, as I slide my hand up her shirt and brush her nether lips.

"We all missed you, I had a hard time controlling these two, with no backup," I laughed.

"I have no doubt you were hard most of the time with these two," he smiled.

Almost like it was rehearsed, both girls made faces feigning innocence, like 'who you talking about, us' kinda faces.

"I know you both too well, I know you did not turn Bob loose, until he was begging for mercy," Brad stated assuredly.

I nodded, smiling. "They did give me a break Sunday, Tammi took me to that park with the waterfall. Jill went to her mom's for awhile."

"I was hoping if you were not to worn out tonight, you could stay and play for awhile?" he asked.

"Lord knows I have more than I can handle by myself."

I poured the ladies a glass of wine, a shot of whiskey for Brad and myself.

"I brought some clothes for work tomorrow, the women told me we might have a late night," I smirked.

"Speaking of clothes mister, you're way over dressed. Go get comfortable so we can eat," Jill chastised me.

After changing into a pair of blue silk boxers, we all sat down and devoured the delicious roast.

After dinner, Brad and I sat down on the couch and started watching the pre-game show for Monday Night football. The women cleaned up after the meal. I had brought the whiskey and wine in the living room, we had already had our third shot. Feeling no pain as the cares of the day faded away.

It seemed awful quiet in the kitchen. Those women were up to something. Brad had poured us another shot and as we were toasting, the women came into the room behind us.

"Mind if we watch the game with you?" Tammi asked.

"No not at all," Brad replied.

Brad just about spit out his whiskey as they both came from behind his side of the couch. They were wearing their white bustiers. Brad had a shocked look on his face, I just smiled. Jill's breasts were spilling out of her half cup bra, her nipples hard as erasers.

Their white lace gloves and shear white stockings with seams had both our cocks tenting our boxers. Their 3 inch heels topped off the outfits. No panties for easy access.

"You shaved your pussy," Brad stated eyeing Jill over.

"Did not want any hair to get into your dessert," she chuckled. Jill has him stand, pulls off his boxers and has him sit. I followed suit, pulling off my boxers as Tammi sits in my lap. Jill grabs his cock and moves it in-between her legs. She sits on Brad's lap with her back on the arm rest, with her feet facing us. Tammi also pulls my cock between her legs, leaning back on the arm rest, and faces her feet toward Jill.

I lean over Tammi, brushing my face against her breasts, reaching for their glasses of wine. I feel Tammi reach between her legs and start stroking my cock.

"Oh baby, I have been waiting for that all day," I sneered.

I look down at the other end of the couch, Jill takes a sip of her wine, then stands in front of Brad. She kneels in front of him, slowly licking his cock. She engulfs his cock and buries half his cock in her mouth. She starts bobbing up and down.

Tammi has stroked my cock to maximum hardness. She stands facing away from me. Reaching between her legs, she guides my cock into her velvety pussy. I moaned as her hot love tunnel grips my cock, she pushes lower and pulls back up. Just keeping the head in her pussy, she drives down further on my shaft. She starts pistoning up and down on my cock.

I reach around Tammi, fondling her nipples through the lace. She moans as she turns her head toward me. She buries my cock deep in her cunt and slides her tongue in my mouth. We duel our tongues, I feel her bouncing up and down my cock with short strokes.

"Switch!" Jill hissed.

Tammi lifts herself off my cock, squeezing me tight, as she slides off. I shivered as the cool air reached my cock. I watch as Tammi stands facing away from Brad. She reaches between her legs and guides Brad's cock to her pussy. He pulls her slowly down on his root. She starts a slow up and down movement fucking him, but not enough to get him off. I see when he starts tensing up, she stops.

Jill kneels in front of me and lick up and down the side of my cock. Then pushing my cock against my abdomen, she licks from my balls up up to the crown. Circling the crown with her tongue, she eases my head into her mouth. Sucking off all of Tammi juices like a piece of candy. I grasp the couch arm and push against the couch cushion as my tension rises. This redheaded beauty is going to make me cum soon.

Realizing how close I am she slows down, savoring my cock. She knows how to play me like a puppet, never letting me blast my cum down her throat. I see what is going on, they are both playing us.

"Switch," Tammi whimpered.

Jill pulled off my cock, and gave me a heady kiss. I was shocked at first, but too excited to say anything. She switched with Tammi. Jill had Brad scoot forward a little, then she placed her knees on the couch straddling Brad. She guided his cock into her overheated pussy and started pounding his cock into her. This was pure lust as she held nothing back, trying to drag his cum out of his cock.

Tammi pulls me off the couch onto the floor. Mounting me, she drives my shaft into her, pumping me like a wild woman. She leans forward, trying to find the sweet spot for her. I grab her breasts through the thin lace, tweaking her nipples with my fingers.

"Oh Bob, fuck me, pound my hot pussy!" she exclaimed.

I start driving back up at her as we get into a rhythm. Her pussy is getting wetter by the minute. I can hear her juices as we mash our hips together. She finds her sweet spot and her hips are on fire, pounding down onto mine. I grab her ass cheeks and thrust up into her.

"Oh...oh...oh...Ahhhhhh fuck, I'm cumming!" I cry out.

She slams her cunt down hard as her body quivers on mine. I pump her full of my seed, which sets her off. Her body quivers and she continues to pump my cock. She is sweating, her chest a light crimson. I feel her releasing her cream on me as she cums. It soaks my balls, soaking me with her juices.

At first I thought she had pee'd on me. But no, it didn't smell like pee. Her orgasm made her squirt on me. Wow, I've never be able to make a woman cum before like that. She lowered her body to mine and I held her while she caught her breath.

"Wow, Bob, I have NEVER cum like that before, that was incredible," she gushed.

"We are going to have to try that again," I said elatedly.

I look over Tammi's shoulder, I hear Jill cry out as she cums. I hear Brad grunting as he releases his cum in her pussy. Jill slumps forward, exhausted from their rigorous fucking. Tammi rolls to the side of me.

"Thanks lover," she smiles.

"The pleasure was all mine," I teased.

"Cleanup," Tammi calls out.

Jill drags off Brad making her way to Tammi. They settle into a '69' position with Jill on top. I can see a sheen of moisture on Jill's back. She lowers her pussy onto Tammi's mouth. Jill moans when Tammi takes a swipe through her cum laden slit. Jill lowers her mouth to Tammi's overflowing pussy and goes to town, lapping up our cream.

I heard a muffled moan fromTammi, both receiving pleasure from each other. It is a pleasurable sight to see them both do an erotic dance with their bodies. They twist and turn as they come closer to their own release. I look over at Brad, the girls show has us both ready for another round.
