 * This story is fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental.

* All characters are eighteen years old or older.

* This is an erotic story with seven characters, not just a two character porn scene. If you don't like this kind of a story, maybe you should read a different one. 

* The characters are: Ashley, 19; Robert, 22; Kelsey 28; Michael, 30; Tracy, 20; Paul 29; Willis, 50.

* Civil comments and feedback are welcome, but insulting, flaming remarks will be deleted. Thank you.

* Thanks to griffdalton for his feedback on Ch. 01 giving a suggestion which I included in this story. 

******

The crowd in the dimly lit clubhouse was beginning to thin out a little; it was eleven-thirty and the toga party slash dance was over at twelve midnight. It had been a fun night so far, everyone had a chance to enjoy themselves, but we all felt like we still wanted more fun before we called it a night. When our new friends, Michael and Kelsey, invited Robert and I to their cabin for a nightcap and some more fun, we immediately agreed. 

"You've come a long way today, Ashley," Michael said softly to me. 

"I have?" I replied.

"Oh, yes! When I first saw you on the beach, you looked so sweet and innocent, I thought you were going to bolt and run off the beach like a terrorized colt. I wanted to take you in my arms and calm you like a father does his little child." 

"I'm so glad Robert and I met you and Kelsey, I love you two now," I confessed. "If not for you two, we'd probably be on our way home by now."

I had no idea what we were in for when we arrived at this resort early in the day, and I don't think Robert did either. Robert's boss loves to pull prankish tricks on people, we know that, but when he gave Robert a bonus of two tickets to a Caribbean resort for one week, we didn't think anything fishy was going on. I mean, he told Robert it was an adult, clothing optional resort, sure, but we had no idea what clothing optional meant; we just thought it meant you could wear old clothes. Imagine the shock when we found naked people walking around! In all my nineteen years, I've never experienced anything like what I witnessed here today; not only witnessed it but actually took part in some things.

Robert and I stopped in our room to get some wine coolers for me and Robert's bottle of whiskey. Michael and Kelsey waited outside because our room was so small, and we were just going to run in and come right back out. I found out one thing, it doesn't pay to skimp on lodging at these resorts; you get what you pay for.

"What if they ask us to do more sex stuff?" Robert asked "Are you willing?"

"Well, yeah, I thought that's what we were going with them for. After the things we did at the toga party tonight, I don't see why we should stop now!" 

"Okay, I agree, Honey; I was just checking to make sure," Robert explained. "I want to make sure that when we get home away from this atmosphere, there won't be any regrets and hard feelings." 

"Aw, Baby, I love you so much," I said. "There will be no hard feelings," I emphasized, "in fact, I hope we keep doing this stuff when we get home. I confess, when I'm around Michael my pussy starts tingling like crazy, and I notice you don't stay soft more than three seconds when Kelsey is around."

"You're right, Hon, as long as we're both comfortable with it, let's go with the flow and see where this adventure will take us."

We went with Michael and Kelsey to their cabin on the beach. No one talked very much as we walked along the broad resort walkways, which gave me time to do a lot of thinking. I was wondering if I wound up in bed with Michael, and Robert wound up in bed with Kelsey, which is a distinct possibility, would that be cheating? I mean, we wouldn't be doing stuff behind each others back, so I guess it wouldn't be. At least this walk gave me time to sort out things like that. 

"I'll set that stuff in on the breakfast table," Michael said, taking our bottles, and heading into the cabin. "How about if we start off with a moonlit stroll on the beach?" 

"Michael is always the hopeless romantic, Ashley," Kelsey said to me, "but it does sound like fun." 

"That sounds wonderful," I agreed, "maybe I can lose the butterflies in my stomach." 

"I get those, too, when I meet someone new," she said. "It's just a slight case of nerves." 

"You get nervous, Kelsey? But you're so beautiful," I said in honest amazement.

"Why, thank you, Ashley; yes I do. It's a normal reaction, I guess." 

We walked along the water's edge, my arm around Robert's waist, his arm lightly across my shoulders. Kelsey had her hand on Michael's back side, and he had his arm across her back with his hand catching her side. The moon was almost full, making a silvery pathway across the rippling water to the horizon for anyone foolish enough to try to walk it. It also gave plenty of light to see by; we even had shadows. 

"Look at the pretty conch shell," Kelsey exclaimed. 

She stooped down to pick up the shell recently vacated by some unlucky conch, which we all helped her to inspect. She tossed it aside, and we turned around to walk back towards their cabin. After we had gone a few steps, I noticed we had changed partners somehow. How did that happen? I guess everyone was wanting it to happen, so it just did. It really didn't matter to me; I felt as comfortable with my arm around Michael's waist as I did Robert's. I noticed Robert and Kelsey didn't mind the change either, and walked along arm in arm as if nothing was different. I watched them walk along and could not, for the life of me, feel one twitch of jealousy. We had become such good friends with Michael and Kelsey, even in the short time we've known them, it looked like a natural thing for them to do.

I squeezed Michael's waist in to me tighter and smiled at him. His big arm felt so good across my shoulders, keeping the cool, damp night air from developing a slight dew on them. I remember dancing with him at the party and longed to feel him pressed against me again. As if reading my mind, Michael looked at me and smiled.

"Would you like to dance?" 

"There's no music," I giggled. 

"I'll sing." 

He began singing a romantic song from way back when, but it was a nice song. He was no professional singer but his voice was pleasant to hear, and very romantic. We danced close together just like we did at the dance, only this time we didn't have other people around except for Robert and Kelsey, but they were one of us so it didn't matter. 

"I love dancing in the moonlight with a man wearing a sheet," I smiled. "especially when all I'm wearing is a sheet to cover me."

"Those people over there are only wearing sheets," he nodded.

Robert and Kelsey were dancing now, too, close by so they could see and hear us quite well.

"There must have been a sale in the Linens Department," Kelsey quipped. 

"You must have come from the same party we were at," Robert chuckled.

There was no one else around except the bright moon and stars, so we could dance any way we wanted to. I pressed my pussy firmly against Michael's stiff cock which sent electrical like charges of desire flowing through my body from my clit to my breasts. 

"I also like the feel of your body pressed against mine with that strange bump pressed against a strategic place," I smiled.

"Sheets are poor for seeing through but good for feeling through," Michael said dreamily.

Michael's warm hands landed firmly on my butt cheeks, and squeezed them lovingly. Wearing nothing but the sheet as a toga, it was almost like being totally naked for both of us, except it was more erotic. A thin sheet is not very much covering for roaming, prying hands.

Robert and Kelsey were dancing tightly together, though they weren't moving very much, just swaying back and forth really. They had their hands on each others butt cheeks and were locked in a hot kiss.

"It looks like our neighbors are getting romantic," I joked.

I slid my hand down between Michael's body and mine and caught hold of Michael's cock. It probably wasn't much bigger than Robert's seven inch cock, but it felt big with nothing but a sheet covering it. I stroked his cock while he massaged my ass cheeks so deliciously. We put our lips together for our first kiss. Our mouths opened and our tongues swirled together. I would have loved to feel his cock enter my pussy and fuck me right then and there, but I was following his lead so I let him set the pace. I knew it was going to happen, and very soon.

"Let's get back to our cabin, guys; it's much more comfortable there than out here in the sand," Michael suggested.

Kelsey refastened her toga, and we walked briskly back toward their cabin. When we got inside, we took up right where we left off outside. 

"Everyone, make yourselves comfortable. Let the party begin," Michael said. 

It didn't take long until our sheet togas were on the floor, and I was enjoying the sight of Michael completely naked for the first time. He had no tan lines which told me that he was in the sun naked a lot and his cock stuck out, tan and tall like a proud muscle. His body looked like an ancient Greek athlete; no huge muscles, just a flat stomach and enough meat on his bones to make him look good. 

"My god, Ashley, you are so beautiful," Michael said softly as his eyes traveled boldly up and down my body, turning my knees to jelly. 

"You are beautiful," I said as I looked at his swaying brown cock, dancing so tantalizingly before me.

There were two sofa beds in the room, laid out in such a way to be intended to be used for occasions such as this. This adult resort plans ahead for everything, They were open and ready to go. Kelsey led Robert to one bed while Michael led me to the other one. My goodness, the butterflies in my stomach returned in spades. I realized I was about to let this man, this stranger who I'd just met, fuck me. It was about to happen. Oh, but I wanted it; I wanted him badly. I liked him ever since I first met him on the beach, and now I was going to have him.. 

"Here we are at last," he whispered in my ear.

"At long last," I agreed. "No more thin fabric over your cock; now I can see it, and touch it... we kissed.

I saw Robert with his head between Kelsey's thighs, evidently licking out her pussy. They weren't far away, but the angle hid his mouth from view; the bobbing of his head gave him away though. I felt a tinge of jealousy for Kelsey, more like envy for Robert, I guess. I wanted to lick Kelsey's pussy, too, I realized. Maybe I'll get the chance to do that later on, I thought. I wondered if I was turning lesbian or something, but I did find Kelsey very attractive. I had all I could do to keep my hands to myself when we were dancing with each other at the toga party. Her body felt so luscious bumping up against mine, and her breasts felt gorgeous swaying against mine with nothing but two sheets between us I wondered if she felt the same way about me. 

"I've wanted you ever since I saw you at the beach this morning," Michael exclaimed, bringing my mind back to our bed.

"I don't know if I wanted you then, but I sure couldn't tear my eyes away from the sight of your luscious cock in your tight swimsuit." I confessed.

"I wear my Speedos when I think I might be having a hard-on all the time. I was glad I was wearing them when I saw you; I'd have probably scared you away if I was naked." 

He smiled as he watched my hand nervously take hold of his cock to feel it. I began to slowly pump it up and down the way I do Robert's. He moaned with pleasure as he put his right hand on my left breast to feel the weight of it and flick my nipple with his thumb. It was my turn to moan. He began to caress both my breasts lovingly which made my pussy get so hot and wet for him. I was already wet but he had me flooding by then. 

"Your breasts are so beautiful, so perky, so bouncy, so kissable," he said with a husky voice.

I glanced over at Robert and Kelsey. His head was still bobbing up and down between her thighs, and I could tell she was enjoying his tongue very much. She was moaning, and looking at Robert's mouth on her pussy like it was the best thing since sliced bread.

"That's my man," I proudly thought to myself.

"You have gorgeous breasts. Kneel over my face. I want to lick your pussy while I play with your beautiful breasts," Michael said. 

He laid down and I knelt over his face like he asked. His hands felt good on my breasts, just like Robert's, but because he was someone new and different, it was more exciting for me. His moist tongue slipped down into my slit a little bit, but when his lips spread my outer lips apart and his tongue probed between my butterfly lips, it felt really good. I started to make slow fucking motions with my hips, gyrating my hips on his soft tongue to guide it to where it felt really good to me. I really liked it when his tongue was flat and just glided over my clit, making me squeal with delight, but Kelsey drowned me out.

"Right there, Robert, just like that," Kelsey said loudly. "Don't stop, I'm gonna cum.... Ah, cumming... ah... uh."

She was much quieter on the beach this morning when she had masturbated to get herself off. She was so quiet then, I wouldn't have known she was doing it if she hadn't told me. But tonight she voiced her feelings without reservation, and it fired up my imagination to where I could almost feel it, too. Then I realized I was feeling it, but it was my own orgasm coming on that I was feeling. It felt so good to cum in Michael's mouth as he laved my clit like that, I couldn't stay quiet myself. All I could see when I looked down as I climbed to the peak of Mount Orgasm was his blue eyes looking at me when I began to spasm. If his mouth wasn't full of my cunt, he would be smiling. The sight of it, and sounds around me, pushed me into a crashing orgasm. I tried to leave his nose free so he could breathe, but my pussy owned his mouth and tongue as I noisily ground out my orgasm to cum on his face. 

"Cumming, Cumming, Cumming... Oh, shit... so good." is all I could squeal. 

I kept feeding his mouth the slippery, wet folds of my pussy, hungry for more, my hips unwilling to stop their motion, but his hands pushed me down away from his luscious mouth toward his hips. I looked down and saw his throbbing cock just inches away. Yes! that's what I wanted, what I needed, what I had to have: Michael's beautiful cock in my pussy as far as it would go. It's not that Robert's cock wasn't enough for me, or that his lovemaking was lacking in anything, it's just that I was given the chance to try a new cock, and I was going to take advantage of it. Do you blame me? 

I moved my hips down farther and, without either one of us touching his cock; it easily found my fuck hole and slid right in. I straightened my back up and slowly slid my pussy down on his warm cock until it was embedded deeply in my hungry cunt. I savored the feeling of it sliding into me with delight. At long last, the cock I had been ogling, the cock I had been sneaking feels of, the cock I was fantasizing about all day, was now buried deeply within my greedy little pussy, and I was about to fuck myself silly on it.

"Ah, Michael, I have you in me at last," I whimpered. "It feels so beautiful, just like I knew it would."

He laid still beneath me for a bit to allow me squirm around on his stiff cock and relish the sensations it brought me. I moved my hips every which way just to feel the throbbing shaft within me.

Not that I was worried about it, but I looked over my shoulder at Robert to see how he was doing. He was on top of Kelsey on his elbows and knees with his cock sliding into her glistening pussy. I watched him slowly nudge it home up into the secret recesses of her love canal. 

Again I envied Robert, but felt so happy for him at the same time. I watched his cock sliding in and out of Kelsey's beautiful pussy. Did I say beautiful? Yes, to me Kelsey's pussy is beautiful because Kelsey is beautiful; there, I've said it. If I'm becoming a bisexual, so what; I'm enjoying every minute of it. 

I found it humorous to see Robert's snow white ass cheeks pumping up and down between Kelsey's legs, and his cock sliding in and out of her pussy. So that's what he looks like when he's fucking me. Damn, am I becoming a pervert or something, I foolishly wondered. I didn't really feel perverted; I felt more free, and honest, and natural than anything. I felt truly happy to be able to share such moments as this with the people I love. I love Robert with all my heart, there's no doubt about that, and even though I just met Michael and Kelsey, I felt love for them both also. How can something like that be considered perverted? Hate and jealousy is perverted. 

"Go for it, Baby! Fuck that beautiful pussy," I cheered in my mind.

Michael began upward thrusts with his hips to start the fucking motions of his cock in my cunt. I met his movements with movements of my own hips, matching him thrust for thrust. Ah, at last, Michael's beautiful cock is right inside my throbbing pussy, sliding in and out as his hips came up under me, and my hips came down in unison with his. My pussy was so wet at that moment, I could hear it making squelching noises as his cock plunged inward up my love channel. The slap, slap, slap of our hips coming together, and the squish, squish, squish noises we made were nearly drowned out by my grunts and moans of pleasure. Like an echo, those same noises were coming from the other bed. 

I had never done anything like this before in my whole life. Whenever I made love before, it was always behind closed doors! I would never even talk about my sex life with anyone, let alone have sex with someone else in the room. Now here I am, fucking a stranger while Robert is doing the same thing in a bed just five feet away! This has to be one of the hottest moments of my entire sex life. 

"Ah, yeah... fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck... " I yelled to encourage not only Michael, but also Robert and Kelsey as well.

I looked over my shoulder to watch Robert and Kelsey, fucking in the missionary position, their noises vying ours for volume, while I was fucking in a cowgirl position, riding Michael fast and hard.

"Turn around, but try to keep me inside you if you can," Michael said. "I want to look at your beautiful ass while I fuck you."

I suspended my fucking movements while I slowly turned around on Michael's cock, keeping its head in my fuck hole. When I got turned around, I resumed my fuck movements to the great delight of us both. The squish, squish, slap, slap noises resumed. I bent forward to see Michael's cock in between my pussy lips, appearing and disappearing as we fucked, his balls nudging against my clit with every thrust. I was so high on pleasure, I felt in danger of passing out.

I looked up to see my fiance', Robert, fucking our new friend, Kelsey, with fast and furious strokes while she drummed his lower back with her heels to urge him on. I could tell it wasn't going to be long for them. I could feel it wasn't going to be long for me also. 

I wanted to cum, but I also wanted this fuck to last forever, it was so beautiful. Cum or not, I was determined to make Michael cum deep inside my birth canal, right against the door to my womb. I suppose it's the natural instinct to procreate that makes that desire so strong in a woman, but it could not be denied in me. Every millisecond of this fuck was consciously devoted to that end for me. 

I could hear quite clearly the noisy entrance of the other couple's ride of the white water rapids of orgasm until they finally reached the calm, still waters at the end. I was watching them but wasn't seeing them, I was too engrossed in the feelings of my own impending orgasm for them to register. I was like a man watching a football game on TV while his wife talks to him; he hears her talking but doesn't hear a word she said. 
