 * This story is fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. 

* All characters are eighteen or over. 

* Civil comments and feedback are welcome but insulting, flaming remarks will be deleted. 

*****

Ah, Saturday morning in the suburbs! A day when you could sleep till noon, but it's usually not possible because of the neighbor hitching up his boat trailer to take it to go fishing, or the boys playing football and yelling in the street. This morning was unusually quiet I noticed when I woke up around nine or a little after. Yawning, I laid on my bed, stretching to get fully awake while listening to the silence. I got out of bed and opened my drapes to look out the window to see if the neighborhood had disappeared. I was shocked to find everything still there, only covered by a foot of snow with more falling from the sky like chicken feathers. 

Putting on my robe I noticed the coolness of the material against my breasts made my nipples harden which in turn made my pussy warm up. The phone downstairs began to ring; I hurried down to answer it but got there as the answering machine picked up. 

"You have reached the Hannigan residence; Ashley speaking," my recorded voice began. "Sorry I can't come to the phone right now, but if you leave your name and number after the beep, I'll get back to you as soon as possible. (beep)" 

"Hello, Ash!" my boyfriend's voice began. "Get up, you..." 

I shut it off and picked up the receiver when I recognized the voice. 

"Hello, Robert. I just now woke up. What's so urgent?" 

"Hey, Honey, I've been trying to call you all morning. Hold onto your hat, take a deep breath, have a seat, and all that good stuff," he said very excitedly.

"What's going on? Why are you so wound up?"

"Honey, my boss gave me two tickets for an all expense paid week vacation in the Caribbean." 

"Really? You're joking, right?" 

I was born and raised in a small town, and the most I've ever seen given away was the door prize at the local Volunteer Fire Department dance, a brand new kitchen sink faucet. I had never heard of people being given a weeks paid vacation, and for two people yet. 

"It's no joke, Babe," he assured me. "I've got the plane tickets right here in my hot little hand." 

"Well, when is it for?" I asked, still skeptical. 

"We leave a week from Saturday. Do you think you could take your vacation time from work then?" 

"I don't know, that's pretty short notice, Dear," I said very doubtfully. 

"Come on, perk up! It's the Caribbean, in the tropics away from all this snow and ice." 

"Alright, it sounds good. I'll ask them and see. They do know that I'm owed vacation time."

*

The plane landed on the island of our destination. I looked out the window and instead of the familiar bare trees and snow, I saw green grass, flowering shrubs and palm trees. It was the first time I had been to the tropics so I was eager to get off the plane. 

"What's this place like we're going to," I asked. 

"I told you, it's an adult only, clothing optional resort. There'll be no kids around and we can wear whatever we want to, even our ragged old jeans and nobody will say anything." 

"Yeah, it sounds very relaxing," I commented. 

We were both young and naive, Robert was twenty-two and I was nineteen. We should have asked more questions about the resort, but I didn't know what to ask, I was so innocent. Sometimes I wonder about Robert though.

The room we were given was comfortable enough, though contained only the bare necessities. I guess they figure people would be at the beach most of the time anyway. That was my first thought anyhow.

The bellboy handed us two small sheets, and told us they were for the toga party taking place that evening. 

"What is a toga party?" I asked him. 

"You wear this sheet instead of your clothes. It's a party, you know," he replied.

"We wear sheets instead of clothes? I thought it was clothing optional." 

"Oh, it is," he explained. "You can take the sheets off anytime you like." 

"But, we'd be naked then!" I exclaimed. 

"Yes," he smiled, then left. 

I stood there, totally bewildered. Why on earth would we have to wear these dumb old sheets instead of our regular clothes? 

"I'm not going," I said. "I'm not going to wear a old sheet instead of a nice dress."

"Aw, come on, Ashley, let's get into our swim suits," Robert suggested. "Maybe we can talk to some folks on the beach to find out more about the party." 

I went into the bathroom and put on my two-piece blue swimsuit that I brought from home. It was stylish there. Sure, it was big enough to keep all my private parts covered up, but still it was in two pieces. You could see my belly button even. I checked my reflection in the big mirror and smiled. "Girl, you're going to turn some heads in this swimsuit," I thought.

I went out and found Robert in his surfer trunks, ready to go. I put on one of his big shirts to cover up with and grabbed some towels. We strolled out to the beach and looked for a place to sit when I saw her.

"I'm not going out there, that woman doesn't have a top on!" I said, shocked. "She's practically naked." 

"Ignore them. We'll go over this way where people have bathing suits on," he answered.

We picked out a nice part of the beach and began to lay out some towels to lie on. Before I got laid down, I heard a man's voice calling to us.

"Hello," he said. "Your towels are pretty small for lying on. Would you like to use the lounge I'm on instead? I don't mind a little sand." 

I hesitated and looked at him lying on a wooden beach lounge, propped up on one elbow. He wasn't wearing very much, but at least he wasn't naked, I thought. The lounge looked nice so I decided it wouldn't hurt to take him up on his offer. I picked up my towel and began walking over to him. 

He got up when he saw me coming. My goodness, his swimsuit was so small, I've seen small underwear that covered more than it did. A voice in my head told me to run away, but I wasn't listening. His bathing suit, if you can call it that, was so tight I could see the outline of his cock and balls in it which made my pussy tingle. The stretch material showed every detail of his sizable cock. I tried to look away 'cause I didn't want Robert to catch me looking, but I had to look back again at the lovely sight. I saw Robert looking at the woman with the man anyway, so as long as Robert's eyes didn't fall out, it was okay.

As I laid down on the wooden lounge, he introduced himself and his wife. They were Michael and Kelsey, about thirty, and both very good looking, both in superb shape, too, I might add. We introduced ourselves and felt instantly at ease with them, they were so warm and friendly. I put sunglasses on and squinted my eyes so I could take long glances at Michael's cock bulging his swimsuit. It was about the same size as Robert's, but I saw Robert's cock many times. This was a different cock, and the sight of it made my pussy twitch and tingle. 

"I'm going to get some sun," Kelsey said as she removed her top. 

Her breasts swung out as she dropped her top and placed it beneath her head. Her breasts were beautiful looking and so natural. I looked at Robert who was looking at me, but I knew he could see Kelsey's breasts from where he sat. The wooden lounges were only a foot high, and since Michael and Robert were sitting on the sand beside us, they could see everything perfectly well.

"Do me a favor, Ashley? Would you rub sun block on my back so that when I roll over, I'll be ready?" she asked sweetly. 

She acted so natural and so comfortable to be topless, I didn't have a problem with it. Somehow I found her breasts as interesting as Michael's cock bulge. 

"Sure," I replied as I took the bottle of sun block from her. 

She waited with her back to me as I poured some lotion in my hand. I gave a side glance at Robert to see what his reaction would be and saw, what was it, yes, he was turned on by it. I noticed a tent in his surfer shorts where Michael's bulge was. I applied the lotion to Kelsey's shoulders and brazenly rubbed it all around the soft, smooth muscles of her shapely back. 

"Thank you, Ashley," she cooed. "I'll put some on you now so you won't get sunburned. Do you want to take your top off and join me?"

I looked at Robert's face; his expression was priceless, not believing what he was seeing. I felt so naughty, so daring, so very bad as I reached behind me and untied my top. My breasts are one of my best assets, not trying to brag, but they stand out so proud and perky with bright pink areolas and darker nipples that match my red hair. As I laid my top to the side, I noticed Michael's eyes widen with appreciation, or was it lust, maybe a little bit of both. Robert was too busy ogling the two topless women in front of him to even worry about where Michael was looking. Kelsey finished rubbing sunscreen on my naked back.

"Now, lie down on your back and let me get your front really good," she requested. "You don't want those beauties getting sunburned; ouch, that would be painful."

I laid down on my back with my arms by my side, my bare breasts in full view to everyone. My breasts being naked and out in full view to everyone around me wasn't embarrassing like I thought it would be. In fact, it really turned me on at the very thought. I felt my nipples harden, and the breeze blowing across my sensitive nips didn't help me stay calm either. 

When Kelsey's lotion-covered hands came in contact with my breasts, it wasn't bad at all. It was sort of like having a doctor or nurse touch you, it was okay. In fact, it felt very nice and I let out a few soft moans of contentment as she rubbed on a generous supply of sunscreen all over my jiggling tits. Michael stood up then, taking his cock bulge out of my sight. 

"Come on, Robert, let's go for a swim. I'd like to talk to you for a while anyway." 

As they walked away, I noticed Kelsey hadn't protected her breasts.

"I'll do your front for you now," I volunteered. 

I felt so dirty-minded and naughty by the urges I felt inside. I was more eager to get my hands on Kelsey's lovely breasts like she did mine rather than being helpful, so I eagerly rubbed some lotion between my hands to warm it up, and put each hand on her breasts. Her breasts were just a bit smaller than mine, but still very pretty. Her brown nipples felt hard beneath my palms as I worked the lotion all over her spongy globes of flesh. It was the first time I had ever touched another girl's breasts, and being nude, I especially enjoyed the sensation. It felt weird, but real nice; I discovered I liked it. I finally stopped feeling her breasts and laid down again. 

"It's your first time, isn't it, being at an adult resort like this," Kelsey said with a smile. 

"You noticed, huh? I'm so shocked; I just wasn't prepared for it. Back home, people would be horrified by all this." 

"You're doing fine. I could just tell it was all new to you. Well, stick with me and I'll teach you the ropes. Would you like to get naked?" 

"What? Wouldn't they put us in jail for being naked?" 

"No, of course not. It's clothing optional here; they allow you to go without clothes," she explained.

"Oh, that's what clothing optional means. We thought it meant you could wear good clothes or old clothes." 

"Oh, this really is a shock to your system then, isn't it. If you want to try going naked, you could lie on your stomach; that way, the only thing that will show is your buns. Shall we?" 

Whatever prompted me to agree to it, I'll never know. I have never done anything like it in my whole life. Was it the thrill of being naked in a public place, or the lure of getting to see Kelsey fully naked that caused me to nod my head yes? My hands felt connected to her hands somehow, because when her fingers began to remove her bottoms, mine did likewise. I looked about nervously as I sat naked, but then I saw how at ease she remained. 

"Relax now, Ashley. No one will think bad about you for being naked. In fact, the men will all desire you and the women will all envy you. You have such a lovely, sexy body, it would be a crime to keep it all covered up and not let anyone see it.

I laid down on the lounge on my stomach and relaxed, her words calming me down. Her hands covered with lotion cupped each butt cheek and rubbed lotion all over. It felt so good to have her hands rubbing my naked ass cheeks, I relaxed even more; it just felt so natural. When her fingers dropped between my thighs and brushed up against my pussy lips, I moaned lightly with pleasure, it felt so nice. It may have been accidental, but it might not have been; I didn't care. It felt good and I'd let her do it again if she wanted to. 

"Now you can lotion up my butt. Don't be bashful, I like the feel of a girl's hands on me. You'll probably put me to sleep if you do it too long though," she smiled. 

She laid on her stomach, and I put lotion on my hands. Her legs were spread farther apart than mine were, and I had a good view of her hairless pussy lips peeking out between her thighs. I was shocked at myself for liking the sight of her naked pussy. I spread the lotion all around each butt cheek, then worked my way in between her butt cheeks to stroke the length of her ass crack, over her puckered little butt hole and timidly down to the slit of her pussy for a little feel. 

"Yeah, Ashley, touch my pussy if you want to; I like it." 

I slid my inquisitive fingers up and down her slit a few times to feel what another woman's pussy felt like beside mine. She moaned and spread her legs even farther apart, allowing me a good look at everything between her lovely tanned legs. I stopped touching her, and put my hand on the small of her back as I gazed at her lovely butt hole. 

"I'm so horny, I'm going to masturbate now," she panted. 

"You're crazy! You can't do that in public." I scoffed. 

"Watch me. I'll do it and no one around me will even know what I'm doing. I'll bet you wouldn't even know if I hadn't told you already." 

She put a hand under her stomach an slid it down until I could see her fingers on her pussy lips. She had one finger on each side of her shiny clit which she wiggled up an down at opposite times, caressing her clit between them constantly. I looked around at people walking past us and not one of them noticed what Kelsey was doing. Her thigh began to quiver, then jerk as spasms caused her muscles to contract. She stuffed her towel in her mouth and bit down on it as her butt hole puckered out and drew shut with her spasms while cummimng. I clenched my thighs together and almost had an orgasm myself as I watched her cum.

"Gosh, that's fantastic," I exclaimed. "I could see you cum but no one else even noticed." 

I could see naked men and women walking past us in the sand not very far away, and it felt so strange to see naked people walking around, but I got used to the sight quickly, and my self-consciousness about being naked myself disappeared, so I laid down and sprawled out naked on my stomach. I was very wet and horny, and desperately needed some relief myself, so I spread a towel over my butt and put my hand under my stomach. It looked like I was just being modest about being naked, but that wasn't it at all; I was masturbating just like Kelsey had just done as I watched. I watched Michael and Robert walk up the beach to us and stood by us to dry off a little. My fingers on my clit felt so good, I kept on masturbating.

"How was the water?" Kelsey asked.

"There were a few jellyfish, but it was nice," Michael replied. 

"We were wondering, what is a toga party all about?" Robert finally got around to asking. "We were trying to decide whether we wanted to go or not." 

My fingers continued to stimulate my clit under the towel. The feeling of my fingertips rubbing each side of my clit was getting better by the moment, and the presence of Robert and Michael added to the erotic thrill of being so naughty. The urgent throbbing in my pussy made the voices of the people right next to me seem far away, though I knew they were right there along side me. 

"Oh, you should go," Michael responded. "Have you ever danced with a woman wearing nothing but a sheet wrapped around her? It can be a very stimulating experience." 

The feeling became so urgent I put my fingertips between the fleshy pleats of my pussy. Lying on my stomach with my hand underneath me and the towel over me, there's no way the guys could see what I was doing. I started at my love portal and drug my fingers down to my clit where I rubbed around in a circle on the fleshy part of my butterfly lips and my clit. The guys sat down on the sand just a foot or two away from where I was laying with my fingers masturbating my cunt. 

"That's what it is, a dance?" Robert asked. 

"Basically, but there's more to do than that," Kelsey interjected. "Some people just sit and talk with friends, others make out a little bit, a few just sit and do what ever pleases them at the time."

Kelsey was looking at me with a knowing smile as she said that. My eyes were barely open as my orgasm approached.

"I guess we should give it a try then," Robert mused, "alright, Honey?"

Unable to speak, I just nodded my head in agreement. I stuffed a towel in my mouth to absorb any sound I might make, and stared at Kelsey's smiling face as the throbbing in my clit increased and started to spread through my body. 

"If you'd like, you can go with us," Michael said. "At least then you'll know somebody there."

My orgasm crashed through me, making it impossible to lay completely still. The towel clenched between my teeth silenced my voice, but my breath came out of my nostrils hard several times like I was blowing my nose. When I opened my eyes after I calmed down a bit, Kelsey was still smiling at me with a sympathetic grin. 

"That sounds like a good idea, Mike," Robert said. "We'll follow you there. Ah... are you okay, Honey?" 

"I was just fighting off a sneeze," I finally replied, causing Kelsey to burst out in laughter, and Robert and Michael have a perplexed look on their face, wondering what the joke was. 

"We'll stop by your room to get you," Kelsey said. "I can help you with your toga so you don't lose it in the middle of the dance floor or something. You have to watch out for those sneezes," she chuckled. 

*

They came by our room that evening as promised, and helped Robert and I put on our togas. Robert had a hard time because he didn't want to get naked in front of either Michael or Kelsey. We split the difference and got naked in front of both of them. Since I had already been naked in front of them, it was easier for me. Kelsey fastened my toga with an old broach she brought; Michael used an old political button to fasten Robert's toga. All set, we headed off to the party, dressed in our finest resort sheets.

We walked down the broad walkway four abreast, us girls in the middle, and came to the club house where the toga party was going to be held. Inside, we found an empty table, second one in from the dance floor, and got comfortable. The music had already started playing, but more people were still coming in. It was a dimly lit nightclub atmosphere, but I could tell some of the togas were worn daringly.

"Do you want to dance?" Robert asked me as a slow song began playing.

Michael and Kelsey followed us onto the dance floor and began dancing also. There was a woman dancing with only one breast covered up, and the guy she was with had nothing on but a bath towel pinned around his waist, and a pair of sandals. I began to notice that everyone there was more undressed than dressed in a toga. 

"Michael was telling me there's a lot of swingers that come to this resort," Robert said as we danced together. 
