 The characters in this story are in their late twenty's. Other than location and names the narrative is true.

*****

This was finally happening, the fulfillment of years of fantasizing. Here I was with my best friend's husband with his head between my legs and eating my wet pussy. Pete's freshly shaved face was firmly attached to my closely trimmed puss. His tongue was slightly rough as he gently massaged my clit bringing me almost over the edge.

Were my husband and my best friend doing the same in the adjoining hotel room? Was she enjoying the same sexual high that I was? What about my husband Tom? Was he as turned on as Pete was?

As I put both hands on the back of Pete's head and drew him closer to my pussy he pushed his tongue in as far as it would go. This brought me to my first orgasm of the night. After I cum I am sensitive but not now. All I could say was "fuck me now...please!"

With that he got on his knees and his long cock slipped in with no resistance. I could feel his massive balls against my butt. His penis is about an inch longer than Tom's but not as big around. Still big, just different.

We were so taken by lust that we both came almost at the same time. I so much love the feeling of his penis expanding and almost vibrating inside me.

So how did all this happen? That is the purpose of this narrative. I hope you enjoy reading it as much as we enjoy telling it. 

=====================================================================

Penny, Pete, Tom and I have known each other since grade school. We took the same bus and generally hung out off and on for years. When I married Tom, Penny was my bridesmaid and Pete was Tom's best man. A few months later when Penny and Pete got married I was the bridesmaid and Tom was Pete's best man.

Once the kids started coming we still kept in touch, although Pete got a job in Florida so we couldn't see each other for several years. Penny and I exchanged emails and letters and generally shared girlie talk about kids, family, what we were doing to lose weight, and husbands.

One day I got an email from Penny saying they were both going to be in Dallas for a couple of days and suggested we meet them there for old time's sake. The four of us worked out the plans for the trip, made hotel reservations and tried to not be too excited about seeing them again.

The day before departure we parked the kids at my in-laws and went back to finish packing. That night we went to bed early. Prior to screwing Tom and I sometimes talk about fantasies and such. While Tom's cock was down my throat, he asked if I would do the same to Pete. I admit I had thought about it before but never had the chance.

I pulled off him and said, "as long as Penny doesn't mind and she does the same to you". With that I again took his thick cock back down my throat.

"Pete has a bigger dick than I do," he said as he put both hands on the back of my head and started to screw my mouth. That did it and I got on top and slid that fat prick into me. Tom has a cock head larger than a large plum and I always love the way it feels when he stuffs it in me. Usually when I am ready to cum I reach behind me and squeeze his balls one at a time. This usually gets him off when I do. When we fucked that night I was thinking about how Pete would be. I came hard and so did Tom. We fell asleep with him still mostly hard. It was one of the best fucks I had had in several months.

Early the next morning we loaded up the car and headed to the airport. After we checked in and made the usual restroom visits, we got on the airplane which was already mostly full. After takeoff we settled in, started reading the magazines and chatting about how nice it was going to be to spend three days with our oldest and best friends.

When we got to Dallas we went to a bar in the airport to wait for Penny and Pete. We had agreed to meet there and rent only one car to save money. When we heard the announcement of their plane's arrival we went to the gate and greeted them when they got off the airplane. Penny and I gave each other a big hug and Tom and Pete shook hands and slapped each other on the back.

We all went to the car rental place, picked up the car and headed to the hotel that Pete had reserved, to adjoining rooms. That's when we got lost in traffic. The boys had a friendly argument over directions which was funny to watch.

We finally found our way and checked in. The rooms turned out be more of a typical resort type, with each having a king-size bed, a kitchenette and bar. The best was the walk-in shower and large Jacuzzi bath tub. I told Penny "that I could get used to this kind of living".

Since there were two doors separating the rooms we opened both and helped each other settle in. The balconies had a wonderful view of the pools and grounds which was awesome. We two gals decided to go to the mall we passed and the boys said they were going to go for a swim. Pete told Penny not to spend too much.

Penny and I spent most of the day window shopping and generally enjoying each other's company. We ended up each buying a bra and panties. In the dressing room I admired Penny's 38 inch bust. Compared to my 32 inches I felt downright insecure. Penny had a completely shaved pubic area while I trim mine.

When we got back to the hotel the guys were drinking beer on the balcony, still in their swim suits. I couldn't think up more different physical builds if I tried. Pete is, my guess, about 6'4", thin with almost no chest hair but furry legs. Tom is 6'2", wears an XL or XXL shirt and has very muscled legs and arms. He has a large furry chest with toned hairy legs. All told, these guys were some major fun to see.

Penny and I went to the rooms and changed into shorts and blouse. Neither one of us bothered with a bra. The boys each brought us a beer and we sat outside talking and watching the people down at the pool.

At sundown we got dressed and went down for dinner. All of us were hungry and just a little drunk, well, not drunk really, just a little tipsy. After dinner we went to the bar which had a live country band that was really good. After a few dances Pete asked Tom if he could have a dance with me.

"Mind if I take Tessie out on the floor?"

"No problem as long as Penny and I take a spin too."

It was getting late and close to closing time so the band played the typical slow dance. Pete took my hand and went to the floor for one last dance. This time we held each other close. As Tom says, Pete was polishing his belt buckle. I felt his erection against me and I have to admit I was getting turned on. Penny had always told me how hung he was and I think she was right. 

When we got back to our rooms we changed into comfortable clothes and met out on the balcony. The guys were bare-chested with shorts. Penny and I wore shorts. I wore a brief cotton halter and Penny wore a button up linen shirt. Again we both decided to forget bras and panties.

This was our time - no kids, no family, just the four of us adults. I had a feeling what was going to happen and so did Penny. We exchanged glances and we both smiled at each other. All I could think of was how much fun we would all have over the next two days.

When I got up to get some more beer, Penny came with me. She said, "Don't take this the wrong way, but what if we switch men tonight?"

Penny has always been the more outgoing of us, so I wasn't surprised that she would bring this up first.

I told her, "I would love that as long as there was no jealousy and we could all be adults." After all this was going to be recreational sex, not commitment sex. We gave each other a hug and went back to the balcony.

With the plot hatched, we went out and handed out the beers. Penny made the first move and put her hand on Tom's thigh. There was no big deal, just a touch from her.

Pete put his arm around my shoulders and I have to admit he felt warm. I am used to Tom's hard arms and aggressiveness but Pete seemed soft in a masculine way. It's hard to explain the difference. I guess you need to be a girl to know what I am saying.

Pete started to rub my shoulders and back. I looked into his eyes and he smiled a big grin. I got the feeling where this was all going to lead and I put a hand on his.

After awhile Pete leaned over and kissed my shoulder. Tom and Penny were kissing mouth to mouth. It was all so natural and peaceful.

Soon I got up and walked to the edge of the balcony and looked down at the grounds. The next minute I felt Pete's hands on my hips and then on my breasts. I turned around and kissed him. I put my hands to his crotch and felt his erection. His shorts were so wet I thought he had already cum.

Pete then took my hand and said, "Now we need to fuck."

Tom and Penny were nowhere to be seen, probably in the other room doing what Pete and I were fixing to do.

Beside the bed Pete peeled off my shirt and undid my shorts and for the first time in years I stood naked in front of a different man. I undid the buttons of his fly and let his shorts fall to the floor. Now both naked we stood there like kids. His cock was sticking straight out...my god it was so long. All I knew is I needed to get fucked and NOW.

Pete led me to the bed, put me on my back and after some licking and chewing he buried his face in my gash. All this foreplay was driving me crazy. I pulled him up, rolled over, stuck my butt in the air and said "Fuck me!"

I felt his cock on my ass and reached between my legs and guided him inside. He was very considerate as he entered, maybe an inch at a time to help me get used to his length. Once all the way in I looked between my legs and saw those massive, lemon sized, balls swinging back and forth as Pete began to screw in earnest. 

Through the open doors I heard Penny squeal. She nearly shouted, "I'm almost there, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!"

Then she let out an "oh shit; you're making me cum!!" I know the feeling.

Now it was my turn and I came all at once. My orgasm came without any warning. I pulled Pete's balls and ground my ass into them. He started pumping away with his hands on my hips. For a minute I thought his cock would come out of my mouth, he was that long. Then he let out a loud grunt.

Normally I don't feel a man's cum but this time I did as his sperm shot into me.

I could tell Pete had dropped a real load by the way he slipped out. He rolled over sweaty and flushed. This is when we heard the shower in the adjoining room. Pete put a hand on a tit and said, "I think those two need company in their shower." He took my hand and we both went to the other room.

He looked around the corner of the shower and said, "Mind if we join you two love birds?"

We went to our respective spouses, hugged and kissed each other. After sex I like to wash my hair so I lathered up while Tom washed my back then front. This was the first time I had ever had a group shower. I started to get horny again, only with Tom.

Once we were all cleaned up, I dried Tom off with a towel, giving his cock head a few little sucks. By now both our guys were hard and sticking straight out. Tom led me to the bed and said, "On your back".

He got between my legs and shoved his whole dick in me. It is a familiar expression, that he filled me to the balls. Pete was good but Tom had a comfortable feeling that I really can't explain.

Pete got on his back and Penny slipped onto his cock. Pete loved it. For the first time in my life I was in contact with two men. One was fucking me. I held the other's hairy arm. Again, I can't explain the pure erotic joy I was having. It's a girlie thing I guess.

All four of us had a noisy orgasm within a minute or two of each other. We all showered again with the boys completely limp. There was no life at all in those two dicks.

We fell into our own beds with our own spouses and slept like the dead.

The next day we lay around by the pool and thought about shopping. No one had too much energy.

After cleaning up we all got dressed and went to dinner. Later we went to a little country bar, drank a little and went back to the hotel. We had had such an exhausting day that Tom and I went to sleep as soon as our heads hit the pillow.

The next day we all packed and went to the airport. Penny and me hugged, the boys shook hands. Tom said to no one in particular, "We need to do this again sometime".