 This is chapter two of Sybian Anticipation. The format of the first was of an email chain. It was our actual email chain. 

We talked ourselves from, oh-so-nervous she has to wear a blindfold because a guy's got a Sybian that he'll let her ride while I kissed, held, fucked and loved her, to oh-my-god I need Jerry's cock as well, in the span of 3 days of emailing., because even just the idea was so hot.

This Chapter is the actual event, not emails.

It's true story, which did turn out to be both easier and hotter than fiction.

Ok, enough explanation. 

*****

Chapter 2

We didn't have to wait long. Just two days later, we pulled into the hotel parking lot, grabbed our bags and checked in.

I'd been semi-hard the entire four-hour drive. Three feet inside the door as my fingers slid between her vulva and splashed toward her swollen clitoris, her excitement was palpable. 

We needed to fuck. We needed to consume each other and celebrate our love, our extraordinary physical connection, ease our pent up tension from weeks of talking, fantasizing, searching, recruiting and emailing to get to this point. Pull my hands back out, and start to undress

Karen can get naked faster than I can unzip my pants. God it's such a great race to lose. Suddenly, she's standing victoriously naked in the low lights of our suite, and she's radiant. Her smile's so natural, her eyes so warm and her cheek bones and jawline so prominent that I almost forgot to stare at her 36 Ds, her toned abs, that perfectly smooth and already slightly swollen kitty just above her quads that flare as she walks and just drive me crazy.

We have an hour before Jerry's arrival. One of my commitments to Karen for this adventure is that with any hint of downtime, I'm putting her in my mouth. Anytime. Hell, if I got my way, all the time. Once I finally got naked, I lead Karen to the love seat, sat her on a towel, and knelt between her legs. 

Her smile was beaming. Her pussy was soaking. Her knees were parting. Maintaining eye contact, I leaned in a dipped my tongue into her soaking wet pussy. As I dragged my tongue north, we held eye contact until I circled her clitoris and her eyes rolled back, she laughed out loud, put her hands in my slightly too long hair and buried my face deeply enough to make my cheeks wet.

There's nothing better than Karen coming in my mouth. We have a slight conflict after her first orgasm. The thing is that I don't stop at one. I bit of suction, light swirls under her hood, and arm and shoulder strength such that when she twists her hips, I can hold on. When she pushes my head back, my tongue still swirls under that hood. Around her second orgasm, she comes so hard it's easy to believe she's squirting, and she starts to beg me to stop licking and sucking and start fucking, hard. It's a conflict, but certainly not a fight. Delicioius.

I needed her mouth. I kissed up her hips, lightly bit her abs a few times, licked each nipple, pulled back a second just to stare at her glistening body and kissed her beautiful mouth. I grabbed her hips and lifted her toward me to slide completely, deeply into her. We fit. There's always that one pussy that's made for what you got. This is the one for me. Nothing could be more compelling than her swollen embrace.

Sometimes when we fuck just right, as my cock hits her cervix and our mouths meet it's like completing an electrical circuit. This was definitely one of those times.

Her deep uterin orgasm struck like lightening: unexpected, hard and fucking loud. I was almost there. Almost.

I needed that ass. 

"Move to the counter. Look at me in the mirror. Know that I'm about to fuck your ass until we both come."

Lube. Lube. Lube.

Slow. Slow. Slow.

Breaching her rosebud, I stopped just inside the first gate. Now a little further. 

"Do we need to stop? Is it too uncomfortable?" 

"No, you fucker, don't stop. Push slowly forward and get ready to go fast and hard."

Yep, I'm going too pound that ass.

It's like slow dancing. I pushed forward. She pushed back. Finally in, to my absolute hilt. Hold still. Kiss her shoulders. Squeeze her breasts. Make eye contact and start sliding in and out. In and Out.

My hands slide down to her hips. Her hands are gripping the sink hard enough to turn white. In and Out. Pounding. Oh my god her ass is tight. Pulling nearly all the way out and plunging back in, our rapid collisions were getting louder and louder. Karen was getting louder and louder. 

I do love it when she swears.

The "Fucks!" are coming. Louder and louder. She's laughing at herself as she swears, and her next orgasm jolts through her. 

Her ass grabs me as she comes and now, we're both coming, hard. That full squeeze of her anal orgasm is impossible to get past without coming. I do love coming.

Ever stare into the mirror while deep in a perfect ass? This is already one of the hottest nights we've ever had, and the Sybian isn't even here yet.

It's time for a nap. Some guy from Craigslist will be here soon. Pretty damn soon.

15 minutes later, my cell phone woke us from an unusually deep sleep. He's in the parking lot.

I do love it when a plan comes together. 

Jerry was much more enticing and charismatic than we'd dared to hope. 

55, about six feet tall, surprisingly fit, and much more importantly his Irish eyes were so warm, bright and disarming that we knew she'd be his only priority, especially naked and coming, I'd be perfectly comfortable, and we'd found a real connection.

Connection is a how we marvel at our own relationship. Powerful and complete since our blue eyes first met. Our tumbling into bed didn't happen until almost the end of our first lunch. We needed the perfect emotional and physical fit that we felt in each other. Since our first orgasms, (I was so nervous I was completely white knuckling the sheets, but Karen sucked me right through the process.) we've laughed and marveled at the speed and strength of our connection. This is a random Craigslist causal encounter, never thought we'd feel a connection to the strange dick with a world class vibrator. Connection would take this to a whole new level. 

The evening: 

Jerry did call from the lobby. I tied the blindfold snugly around Karen's eyes and went to down to make Jerry's acquaintance.

He was on to me the instant I stepped of the elevator. He approached pushing a large black leather box on a valet cart, called out my name and closed the final few feet with his hand extended. 

Eye contact can be very disarming. His was almost too much, but not quite. Instead it was all positive. If she ever opens her eyes, his blues are going to dive her over the edge.

We sat in the lobby bar, and Jerry immediately set to making sure I felt at ease with him and the plan for the night. Again, the eyes, combined with the immediate actual concern for Karen's safety and experience, his deep voice and easy laugh were truly disarming.

We reviewed the agenda: introductions and Sybian set up, four handed sensual massage, potential for oral while Jerry holds her hands over her head, fucking could be a thing, ride the Sybian, start slow, come hard, make love and reorient toward human contact, more massage, more oral more fucking, wash, rinse repeat. Karen will be naked and blindfolded, I will be naked, Jerry will be in t-shirt and boxers. Jerry's state of dress can only change by Karen's direct request, and even if she says get naked that is a far cry from getting fucked. 

We hate seduction and love decisions. No requests, no wearing her down, no just-the-tip, just-for-a-minute bullshit. We're adults who love each other, love sex and can simply say oh hell yes or hell no. Decisions. I was pretty sure I knew her decision already, but it's still her decision.

I was ready to charge upstairs in moments, but I had to restrain my impatience so that Karen would know that I vetted him carefully and with her in mind. Damn, Jerry was so smooth that he didn't even seem that damn smooth. 

Not foreshadowing trouble with that. The connection was strong and disarming. 

After enough time in the bar, just Diet Coke for me and a club soda for Jerry, we pushed the valet cart into the elevator and pressed our floor and tried not to giggle in anticipation.

I had a room key so that Karen wouldn't have to navigate the suite blindfolded. Jerry and I entered, announced ourselves, walked into the sitting area and turned left to the two queen beds. We got the two queen suite with the idea of one bed for play and one for sleep. Turns out we were going to be all play.

Karen lay naked, blindfolded, smiling and covered by just one white sheet. Two empty Patron singles and a lime wedge on the bedside table.

In the stillness her beauty couldn't be hidden. Her toes held the sheet off of her shins, but starting at the knee the sheet clung just enough: quads discernible, slightest indent for the cleft in her vulva, hip bones rising barely above the abs, and then to my delight her silver dollar sized, dark rose areola colored the sheet just enough to show meaningful rings round the peaks of her hardening nipples.

"Karen, this is Jerry. Jerry, this is Karen." 

Jerry immediately smiled and with calm assurance said, "Karen, you're stunning, and I'd like to thank you in advance for this honor. Just the privilege of seeing your form under that sheet has made the trip worth it."

The warmth of Jerry's voice was enough to bring Karen upright, gently unveil her magnificent body and stand. "I think this calls for an actual introduction. Jerry, my name is Karen. That you're in the room means that Dave trusts you. That I can hear him smiling is making me wet already. I'm going to stand still because of the blindfold, but take my hand and we'll be formally introduced."

"Karen, I'm Jerry, I'm Irish, and we hug and kiss form the first." And with that he closed the distance between them, kissed both her cheeks and managed a hug that left her just a bit light-headed.

Wearing only the blindfold, and literally nothing else as she's perfectly lasered, Karen lay back down on the bed, smiled and said, "You said this fuckfest starts with a massage, right?"

Jerry is in fact a certified massage therapist. 

"Ok, let us unpack the Sybian, set it up on the other bed so that it doesn't shake our neighbors out of their comfort zones, find the coconut oil, shed a little oppressive clothing and get to touching every single bit of you."

Karen smiled and settled in to relax. She did not bother pulling up the white sheet. I stole glances at the curve of her breasts as she got comfortable and wished that she'd part her thighs just a bit so that vulva could turn to labia, and pink could turn to purple.

Jerry and Karen were bantering a bit and each time she laughed her flat tummy became six pack abs and I just got harder and harder.

He had the Sybian set up in no time. I grabbed the coconut oil and had a few minutes to run the bottle under hot water to warm it just a bit.

Jerry announced that we were all set. Turned both dials on the Sybian. The machine fired off immediately. When not insulated by a beautiful body, it was loud. Super loud. I turned my head. 

Karen was startled. She jumped and laughed. "Might have squirted a bit. Just sayin," Karen giggled.

We warmed our hands with the oil and set to that massage we'd promised.

I started with Karen's feet. For 5'6", that beautiful blue eyed athlete's feet imply that she got cheated out of 5'10". Not complaining because she is so exquisite, and her large feet were very, very sensitive. It seemed a good sign that she couldn't quite keep from arching her back as I rubbed her soles deeply and thoroughly. 

A good foot massage can't be rushed, and before I made it to her sculpted calves, Jerry had done her neck, shoulders and was working from her collar bones across the tops of her pecks and just starting to tease and circle her towering nipples.

Massage oil, time and attention may make the ever elusive breast orgasm a touch more attainable, and Karen was starting to coo and moan with increasing intensity as Jerry expertly oiled and massaged her 36 Ds from the outsides, around the mound of her breasts and finally squeezing and twisting her darker-all-the-time nipples with each long stroke. 

Her hips started to shimmy with his rhythm. I'm supposed to be massaging her calves about now, but damn when her hips shimmy her pubis calls to me over and over. As Jerry worked her perfect breasts, she darkened and her juices became more and more obvious. Frankly, I neglected her calves, couldn't resist the curve and power of her quads and ass and ran my hands in long powerful strokes up her quads wrapping around her hips and squeezing firm handfuls of ass just to rapidly draw my hands down her quads and hams to do it again.

"Karen, there's no reason to hold back. Arch that body. Breath into the sensation and let Jerry's hands work for you. You should come Now."

"Fuuuuucccckkkk." Karen's voice gets low and musky when she comes. I couldn't have anticipated that the first orgasm would come from breast massage, not include the Sybian, my mouth, my cock or her clitoris. Her orgasm washed through her body like a long, long pacific wave, brought her chest toward the ceiling, turned her nipples the color of blackberries, drove her hips down and her knees up. Just as she passed the crest, I moved quickly to bring our lips together and share the beauty of her climax with her.

This was about our love and taking Us to the next level. Our kiss was just confirmation of our intimacy.

Jerry and I locked eyes, and his confidence was palpable. We were smiling like kids in a candy store.

Orgasms are delicious, and Karen's stunning, writhing body glistened between us.

This felt like a down moment. So, I parted Karen's knees and started with a lick from her rosebud, dipping just slightly into her soaked passage and up under her hood. She gasped and moaned in acceptance. Jerry gently extended her arms straight above her head and held her hands firmly. I wrapped my arms around her and held her breasts and nipples, encompassed her sex in my mouth, created just enough suction and circled her clit with increasing vigor.

This is why we're here. Sensations that can't be done by one man alone. Licking, touching, massaging, holding and restraining. Really, really hot.

Karen was right there with us. She tried to pull her arms away. Tried to twist her hips away. Tried to hold off her orgasm, but to no avail. The sensations soon overwhelmed her and I drank her as she rewarded us with the trust that is female orgasm.

It wasn't enough. I was so hard (20mg Cialis doesn't deserve all the credit.) Jerry never let go of Karen's hands. She was breathing hard. I moved up and slid within her. So tight. So welcoming. So encompassing. So going to come with just a new minutes of thrusting. 

It's like she can feel my load moving up my shaft as I'm getting close, and she moves right up with me. Contracting. Thrusting. Contracting. Thrusting. Bliss. We came together, hard.

Jerry let go of her hands and went back to massaging her shoulders and relaxing her upper arms. Karen kissed me lightly. Life was pretty damn fine.

"Ok, I love, love, love all this attention, but the star of the show is all set up and on the other bed. Let's get to it."

Jerry and I both knew just a thousand percent that Karen couldn't be upstaged by a machine, but no need to argue with the beautiful naked woman honoring us with her body.

Getting onto the other bed, when your legs are already shaking, to mount a Sybian is a source of entertainment in its own right. Standing about to straddle the impaling saddle, suddenly eight feet tall, Karen's beauty and athleticism was compelling. So hot. 

Her quads popped as she slowly lowered herself onto the Sybian accepting a medium phallus with a low moan and smile.

"Gentlemen, I'm naked. My body is covered in oil and your hands and eyes have explored every bit of me. I've come from Jerry's hands, Dave's mouth and then his cock, hard, and I just let a mechanized dick all up inside of me. If it's all the same to you, I'm done with the blindfold."

"The blindfold was your idea as a security blanket. If you don't need it to completely let go, I'll untie it."

"I couldn't stop letting go by this point without locking myself in the hallway."

The blindfold came off. It was as if the room got smaller, warmer and just a bit happier as her beautiful eyes met ours.

Karen and I kissed. She turned to Jerry and their eyes locked. Suddenly he was way more than a vibrator conductor.

She shifted her hips a bit and pressed down to increase contact. I stood before her. On the Sybian, on the bed, she was a very familiar height for kisses. Our lips met, my hands held her face to mine, and just at the right time, Jerry started the very low rumble of the Sybian. Karen curled her body just a bit and drew her lips away from mine. Her arms reached out around me, and she put her chin on my shoulder and whispered, "Are fucking kidding me?" I just held her a little tighter.

"It's different that I expected. Maybe because I've already come so much, by I thought it'd feel more mechanical, more clinical and far less intimate. Oh my god is this going to push me hard."

Jerry chimed in, "You just didn't anticipate how charming and enthusiastic we'd be. It's not the machine, it's the men."

We all smiled, and Karen said, "I might take that bet. Is this all the machine's got?"

Karen said that before the clitoral plate was ever engaged. Jerry bumped the second knob to just 3. Her eyes immediately rolled back in her head. Her mouth opened wide and not a single sound escaped.

"I guess that's good. I guess I'll start edging the shaft motor up a bit," smiles Jerry.

Karen's face was surprised and ecstatic. Her arms went down to push on the Sybian and gathered her breasts so enticingly. Her nipples hardening, the fullness of her creamy breasts on full display, and that impaled pussy so wet that it was becoming more than obvious.

And, now orgasms. Karen came in wave after wave. I held her and kissed her. Jerry ran the controls taking her up and down the orgasmic peaks without fail and just a little bit of pleasant banter.

The fourth orgasm on the machine was a full on squirting extravaganza. Fucking beautiful. Out of empathy, Jerry did finally shut down both motors. It was strangely silent. For the first time I noticed that our playlist was on, music to fuck by, that's for sure.

Once her spasms subsided, Karen rolled off the machine, smiled and said, "Well, you promised to rub this out."

Damn, Jerry moves fast. He had his hands oiled and on her before I'd taken a step. He put one hand on each hip and gently and firmly pressed his palms inward in circles. Karen breath mellowed immediately. I stopped staring and made my way to her head and shoulders.

An actually relaxing massage for about ten minutes, and then Karen started to part her thighs. Little by little. Slight adjustments, and soon while I was massaging her temples, Jerry was face to face with her swollen perfection.

He added more oil and moved his hands north up her inner thighs. Karen raised her pelvis as he drew near. Jerry covered her soaking beauty with his right palm. Just gentle pressure. Karen's pelvis came up a little more. Jerry dipped his thumb all the way. Karen moaned. He brought his thumb up and delicately circled her clitoris while applying pressure to her mound. I kissed her and moved my hands to her breasts. She brought her knees up to completely open herself to Jerry's efforts. He slid two fingers from his left hand inside and pressed upward on her g-spot. Karen shuttered from head to toe. A well-oiled pinky breached Karen's rosebud, and her orgasm arrived almost immediately.
