 John had been in Switzerland for six months, after his dad had got him a job with his company, but now the project was coming to an end. He had a week left on his flat, and decided to use the time to relax before heading home to London.

He was having breakfast in his favourite little cafe, reading the paper, when he came across a small advert in the classifieds.

"Male life model required for health class." It gave the name and number of a very exclusive girls' finishing school in the city. John had heard of these Swiss finishing schools - they were where the ultra-rich sent their daughters after high school, where they would learn the skills a wealthy heiress would need in starting her adult life. Things like party planning, instructing staff, how to behave on a yacht, getting in and out of low-slung sports cars without showing their underwear, that kind of thing.

"Might be interesting, he thought, and called the number. When he finally managed to explain in his poor french what he was calling about, the receptionist transferred him, and soon a woman with a cut-glass english accent answered. He explained himself again.

"Ah, yes," she said, "Here at La Maison we pride ourselves on preparing our young ladies for their debut into society. These days that includes male anatomy. There's only so much you can learn from a textbook, so I think it would benefit them to see the real thing. I'm looking for a young gentleman who would be willing to be naked in front of a small group of young ladies. Is that something you think you could do?"

"Absolutely," he replied, "I did some life modeling last year, so I learned to be comfortable naked in front of people."

"And how old are you?"

"Twenty."

"Very well. I can tell from your accent that you're English. Can I take it, therefore, that you are uncircumcised?"

"Yes - is that a problem?"

"On the contrary - several of my girls are American, so will mostly encounter circumcised men, but I think it's good for them to see an intact penis. Shall we say tomorrow at ten? Come to the main entrance of the school, and ask for Miss Lucy. Oh, and I know I don't need to ask you to be sure to shower before coming."

"Of course," said John, "see you then." and hung up.

The next morning at ten, the freshly-scrubbed John arrived at the school. 

He walked from the gate across the quadrangle. There was a group of girls sitting in the grass chatting quietly and studying. They were all in uniform, which surprised him, since this school only catered to eighteen and nineteen year olds. They were pretty in that careless way that rich girls can be.

A very attractive woman in her early forties met him in the entrance hall. She was wearing a high-collared white blouse with pearls, a fairly tight black skirt to just below the knee, and moderate-heeled black shoes.

"Pleased to meet you," she said, "I'm Lucy. Please follow me, class starts very soon."

He followed her down a long hallway, taking to opportunity to admire the way her bottom moved.

They entered a wood-paneled study. A large mahogany desk sat on one side, with high bookcases behind it, filled with leather-bound volumes. In the center of the room was a large vintage medical exam table, made of dark wood with green leather padding..

"This was a clinic before the school moved in, and they left a couple of these," she said, "they come in handy occasionally."

"Please disrobe and take a seat." she said. "You can cover yourself with this."

She handed him a towel.

I'll be back with the girls in about five minutes.

John undressed and carefully folded his clothes, then sat back on the exam table with the towel across his lap.

In a few minutes, Lucy re-entered the room, with four girls following her. She stood on one side of the exam table, and the girls lined up neatly on the other on the other. Two were blonde, one was brunette, and the last one had beautiful red hair. They were all wearing the school uniform of crisp white shirt, plaid skirt, white socks and dark blue buckled shoes. John recognised two of them from the group sitting outside.

"Now then, girls," said Lucy, "This is John, and he had kindly agreed to help our class this morning. Since we've been studying the male reproductive system this week, I though it would be best for you to see it in the flesh, as it were."

One of the girls sniggered, but quickly stifled it at a sharp look from Lucy.

Lucy indicated the towel covering John's lap.

"What do we expect to find under here?" she asked, "Madison?"

"A penis, miss." replied the only brunette of the four.

"Correct. What else? Charlotte?"

"Testicles, miss." replied the red-head.

"Correct again," said Lucy, and removed the towel.

"As you can see," she said, and waved her hand over John's genitals, "the penis and the testicles."

John looked straight ahead, determined not to make eye contact with any of the girls.

Lucy took hold of his penis from where it lay on his belly, and lifted it upright.

"The penis consists of the shaft," she said, squeezing it, "and the head, or glans, in John's case, currently hidden under his foreskin. Kimberly, why is that?"

"Because he's circumcised , Miss Lucy?"

"Oh dear," sighed Miss Lucy, "Alicia?"

"Because he's uncircumcised, Miss." replied the blonde, confidently.

"Correct." Lucy said, and pulled John's foreskin back. He desperately started thinking about company meetings, football, calculus, anything to try not to get an erection. He hadn't been expecting to be handled like this!

"Now you can see the glans, and the exit of the urethra."

She released his penis, but before he could breathe a sigh of relief, she carefully took hold of his balls.

"Now here we have the scrotum," she said, gently pulling on the skin, "and inside, the testes."

She she rolled the balls around between her fingers, pressing them to the outside of the sac so that the girls could see their shape.

"You should now be able to see why they are often referred to as 'balls'," she continued.

John was losing the battle, and his cock was noticeable beginning to grow.

"As you can see, manual stimulation has caused some arousal, resulting in the beginnings of an erection."

From the corner of his eye, John could see that the girls were fighting as hard against giggling as he was against the erection, with similar lack of success.

"Kimberley, what is the purpose of an erection in the penis?" asked Miss Lucy.

"To enable entry into the vagina, Miss." replied the pretty girl.

"That's right, and what else, besides manual stimulation, could a girl do to encourage an erection? Madison?"

"Um, she could show him her tits, Miss?" replied the girl.

"Breasts, dear, tits are a kind of bird," said Miss Lucy, "but yes, that may have the desired effect. Why don't you try it?"

"What, show him my tits – I mean, breasts?" asked the girl, surprised.

"Yes, precisely," came the answer, "let's try a little experiment."

Madison unbuttoned her shirt, revealing a white bra with pretty lace trim. She bit her lip nervously as she slid her fingers under the front and lifted the cups clear of her breasts.

They were breathtaking. From the graceful way her milky-white skin sloped down to her perky nipples, to the dusty rose colour of her aureolas, to the full underside holding them proud from her slim body, John couldn't imagine more perfect breasts.

His cock rose from his belly, and Madison blushed, and quickly covered up.

"Excellent work, Madison!" exclaimed Miss Lucy, "Alicia, what else could a girl do?"

"She could let him touch between her legs, Miss?" asked the pretty blonde, shyly.

"Good idea," said Miss Lucy, "step forward and try it."

Alicia came closer to John, then bent down and reached under her skirt and pulled her white cotton panties down to her knees. She stood up straight and looked questioningly at Miss Lucy.

"Lift your skirt, dear. John, go ahead."

Alicia lifter her skirt to reveal her shapely, topped with a trim blonde bush, through which John could plainly see her pussy lips, one slightly lower than the other, and her little bud of a clitoris nestled between them.

He reached his hand over and ran his middle finger up between her thighs until it pressed against her, then slowly wriggled it past the hair and into her slick wetness. He pushed further, and probed back and forth, each time a little closer to her entrance, and she moved towards him to allow closer access, her eyes half closed. She softly rolled her hips as he went deeper, then let out an involuntary little whimper. The other girls giggled, snapping Alicia back to reality, and she pulled back. As she did so, John was able to quickly draw his finger across her clit, eliciting a minute shudder from her that only he noticed. She straightened her clothing and Miss Lucy indicated John's cock, now fully, almost painfully, erect.

"Well done, girls," she said, "we have achieved the desired effect. Now observe how stimulation continues."

She took hold of John's cock again and began to expertly stroke him up and down.

"Notice how I am not rubbing the skin, but rather moving the foreskin up and down over the glans. This technique will be different with a circumcised penis," she continued, "there a girl would require some form of lubrication."

She continued to stroke, and took his balls in the other hand.

"The penis can be handled very firmly, but notice how carefully I am handling the testes. You must imagine that they are a pair of egg yolks that you mustn't break as you manipulate them. Now, each of you try it."

One by one, the girls stepped forward and took hold of John's cock. They each stroked him up and down and fondled his balls, alternately looking down at his cock and up at his face to see if they were doing it right. He nodded reassuringly, his goal now having moved from the lost battle against the erection to fighting not to spray his cum on their uniforms.

Reluctantly, the last girl relinquished John's genitals back to Miss Lucy's hands.

"Well, done, all of you," she said, "as you can see, you've been able to maintain the erection, and," - here she squeezed a large drop of pre-cum out of the tip of his cock - "you can see a significant amount of lubrication as emanated from the penis."

More giggles.

"Now, Charlotte, what is the ultimate goal of intercourse on the part of the male?" she asked.

"Ejaculation, Miss." replied the red-head.

"Good," said Miss Lucy, "then let's make that the goal in the final few minutes of this lesson."

With that, she began to stroke John's cock again, but this time with more purpose. She slid her fingers underneath his balls and massaged him, and her thumb worked the underside of his shaft. He groaned and closed his eyes. He felt the wetness that still remained on his fingertips from Alicia's pussy, and the image of Madison's perfect tits floated into his mind.

He imagined what Lucy would look like in her underwear - he pictured stockings and a suspender belt, silky panties and a laced up bustier. He imagined her spreading her legs for him, her shaved lips showing around the flimsy fabric, the taste of her cunt, the feel of her lips on his cock...

As he began to ejaculate, Lucy expertly pressed her thumb into the base of his cock, holding the flow back for an ecstatic couple of seconds, then she let go, and a long stream of white cum spurted out onto his belly. She continued to milk him as he gasped and bucked under her hands, until the orgasm finally subsided, and she released her grip.

As she stepped back, he heard a bell ring in the distance.

She handed him a damp towel.

"That's it girls, off to lunch, and don't forget what we learned here!"

The girls trooped out of the room, but as she passed him with her hands clasped behind her back, Charlotte flicked a little white square of paper into his lap. He quickly covered it before Miss Lucy saw.

"Thank you, John," smiled Lucy, "I think that was most informative for the girls – certainly something they won't get from a book. I need to supervise lunch, so I'll let you make your own way out."

With that, she turned on her heel and walked out.

John cleaned up and dressed. Once he had left the building and was walking across the quad, he unfolded the note.

"7pm, west entrance."

to be continued...