 When Sybian owners offer rides on Craigslist:

This email chain resulted in the fantasy coming true. Well worth it. It takes the carnival ride aspect of the Sybian and makes it a distance second place to the connection that human beings share when able to completely and unabashedly express themselves.

Craigslist post:

Casual Encounters, m4w:

Sybian rides. Experience the orgasm of your life. You operate the controls if you'd like. No obligations, just what ever happens. This is an experience every woman should indulge herself with.

Sent:

Subject: Sybian Ride

So, couples? I'm not Bi, but incidental contact is no problem, and don't know what might happen past the Sybian, but she is fit, beautiful, lasered, buffed and all in.

What we want is for you to come to Memphis on Thursday, 2/11,arrive anytime between 4 and 10. We'll be in a hotel. I'll meet you in the lobby, and we'll talk for 5 or 10 minutes. If I'm comfortable, you, me and the Sybian will go up to our room. 

She will be blindfolded - the whole time.

She'll ride the Sybian, obviously naked. She may want to get on and off the Sybian to get touched, held, fucked, massaged, and fucked some more. If you and I have great chemistry, and she verbally confirms, she is definitely open to a threesome, but I cannot make any promises. It's just 100% about her security, sensation, connection and mood.

She's got a hell of a package.

If you're willing to drive to Memphis to see this come together, please send me a g/pg pic. I'll reply with a body shot she took this morning. 

It's absolutely worth it.

Received:

Subject: RE: Sybian Ride

Thank you for your interest. I am a mature male of 50, 6' 0", 200, clean cut, safe, 6.5, DDF. Trained in massage as well and love to give a very professional sensual massage. Happy to be at the hotel at 4 to meet you in the lobby. When you are comfortable we can take the Sybian upstairs for her to ride. 

I understand about her security. Professional at all times in and out of the bedroom. Looking forward to meeting you soon. 

Sent:

Subject: RE: Sybian Ride

We're very, very excited about this opportunity. 

Best way to help her relax?

My thoughts:

She's concerned about going from zero to 100 way too fast. I think that starting with a four handed mostly relaxation but somewhat sensual massage may help set the tone. Just several minutes of obviously more than two strong hands affirming and caring for her and her body. 

What she really needs from this experience is a powerful combination of absolute trust and security to help her surrender to the vulnerability and wanton desire to be controlled and held safe by two men. The Sybian is obviously a powerful part of that, but you and I are the keys to her complete surrender. 

We are not into dirty talk, denigration, or anything negative because sex and sexual connection are positive, so positive is what we want. Praise and complements about her beauty and body are welcome. But we don't even role play the notion of ordering her around etc...

After using the massage and light banter to introduce you as a strong, gentle, respectful and very capable addition, we'll move to the Sybian. I'll be naked with her so that she can feel protected, skin on skin, loving support while she gives herself to the machine, and hopefully to make love with her during and between sessions. I think she'll be most comfortable if you stay dressed until she demands otherwise. If.. Always if...

The object will be to go slowly yet steadily toward absolute abandon with several intermissions for cool down, massage, sex, sex that may include four hands, and the vulnerability of being outnumbered, or it may just be me holding her while she comes down and gets ready to go again. Or she may just want to relax in my mouth as a breather. 

She may want the third or fourth time on the sybian to be anal. She may not. I'll bring condoms to make that an easy transition. The condoms may have other uses.

I've assured her that the only way for this to be less that optimal is if she doesn't do something she wants or if she does do something she doesn't. So, our jobs will be to protect and enable her to make this an absolutely worry free fantasy experience. Anything at all that she wants from either of us is good with me. I want whatever she wants without any jealously, judgment or defensiveness. That I've assured her anything goes... always if. Always if she wants it. 

I write this so that we can be of similar minds and interests, and to make sure that nothing in the world will stop you from keeping our appointment. 

We think that we've found the unicorn because of your professional demeanor and your willingness to help me please her in ways that make her completely safe, secure and satiated. 

Received:

Dave,

Yes, we'll start her with a nice massage with four hands. I will bring coconut oil that I do not wish to have on my dress pants. Would it be ok if I was in my underwear and t-shirt?? If not, I understand, however I do give a better massage in that stage of dress. 

I will not do anything that makes her or you uncomfortable. If the two of you do make love and I am fortunate to watch I would like to masturbate as you two have fun. 

This is all about her and I will take direction from you and her. 

Looking forward to meeting you both next Thursday.

Sent:

Jerry, 

This is a copy and paste of an email chain the she and I had about our anticipation for Thursday night. 

If your limits are different than this, we are happy to respect you just as we will be respected. 

The key to the whole experience is the constant return to making love, human contact, touching, massaging, calming exhilarating, coming, soothing, connecting. The Sybian is like that third shot of tequila that removes all inhibition without making her numb, but her heart and mind are so beautiful and loving that her absolute highest priority is to connect with and be protected and potentially taken by men not simply machine. 

This is speculation. Please don't think it a plan or promise, but it is certainly not off the table if the chemistry is right and the focus is on people rather than machines. 

Happy reading. I hope the delivery doesn't cause hesitation. 

She suggested that I share this with you so that our passion would be clear, and your potentially sensual role not a secret. 

Looking forward to meeting you. 

Dave

Begin paste:

Dave,

This is beautiful, actually, it's really really hot! Everything you say and do, is beautiful. You are beautiful. 

What is so wonderful about this adventure is that we are sharing it together and experiencing another mind blowing sexual encounter. When we have so much chemistry, security, passion and love between us, everything is possible.

I cannot wait to spend every minute telling and showing you how much I love you. Over and over...

Thank you.

Karen

From: Dave

Sent: Sunday

Subject: Re: I can think of Nothing but You.

Karen, I love you.

You remain absolutely top of consciousness.

I guess that's because I'm completely in love with you.

In addition, it could be anticipation of our Sybian adventure.

Anticipation of making love with you right when we arrive. 

Anticipation of going back to the car and unloading a sort of ridiculous amount of stuff that I won't want to wrestle into the door the first time.

Holding you: when our eyes first meet, when I first kiss you, when I first lick you, when I first enter you, while I'm within you and then the initial afterglow. You're probably going to come 3 times before the Sybian even arrives. I meant it when I said that I might claim that ass prior, but I'm thinking that our love making prior should prioritize intimacy, gentleness and the spectacular LOVE that our bodies uniting represents. 

I'm been musing about what might happen. The below is simply musing. Not one word of it is expectation or obligation except this one: LOVE.

I LOVE YOU.

Jerry calls from the lobby. I help you put on your blindfold. You surrender to my care. I leave the room to go get the Party.

Once I approve of Jerry, we'll bring up the stuff, set it all up while bantering, let Jerry grab a super quick shower if he'd like, and then calm the space and begin your four handed sensual massage. I'll be naked. Jerry in t-shirt and boxers. 

You'll start face down. While massaging your back, arms and legs, we'll use powerful, long strokes to help your muscles stretch. One or the other will make certain that your perfect ass and anus are massaged and never neglected.

When you roll onto your back, our touches are going to be much, much lighter, more delicate, and if you decide mouths are in order feel free to speak up or just arch your pelvis, and I'll get the hint. If you come during the massages, I think it should be from very, very gentle sensual touching and or oral. We don't want to stress or swell any part of you that may have more cathartic uses later.

Sometimes I imagine you and Jerry having sort of easy joking banter while we're massaging you. I think of him massaging your breasts while I am massaging your thighs and pelvis. You're turning darker like your breasts may bring on an orgasm. He is lightly massaging in wide circles with his thumbs grazing your nipples. You get quiet, a little lost in the moment. He begins to concentrate expertly on your nipples. I notice you arch your pelvis just a bit, and I can see that you're quivering, so I tell Jerry to keep caressing your breasts and draw you into my mouth. No suction. I encompass your beauty, divide your labia with a slow drag of my tongue from your ass to your hood and gently swirl your clit. You bless me with your come, and without a word we go back to massaging your beautiful body. 

Jerry whispers, "Damn." We all laugh out loud.

You sneak your hands out to each of us to see if we're erect. Jerry flinches just the tiniest bit because you're so beautiful and you reached toward him. Let's not over think it yet, but there are two cocks in the room...

Laughing leads to orgasms. You decide it's time to ride the sybian. I lead you over. You feel your way around while I get lube warm in my hands and apply it to the sybian and with calm and gentle precision lube you well. No, you won't need it, but now is not the time to ignore the quote about never having too much lube.

You let the sybian fill you. I'm right there with you. My arms around you. Kissing your neck. It's not even turned on yet, and you turn and kiss me and say, "this is definitely going to work... fuck."

The first dial turned begins a very slow rotation of the dildo. It hits your g-spot. You adjust your hips a bit and smile. Jerry turns it up just a bit and asks you it you're doing ok. You laugh out a Yes.

The other dial gets turned and the clitoral base begins a deep, deep rumbling that is indescribable and consuming. You rock your hips back and forth to get the best fuck out of the dildo and the best clitoral vibration you've ever experienced. This first orgasm is deep.

The machine pauses. We move to the bed to have a moment and hold and love you. You straddle me while we're kissing and invite me deep so that we both come again. The sybian has touched and awoken pleasure centers and erogenous zones you didn't know existed. We kiss, and kiss and kiss and come and come. 

Jerry's trying to decide if he should come by his own hand or wait to see what develops...

I pull out, and lift you off of me. You lay down on your back. Jerry begins a relaxing massage almost immediately. 

I join in the massage as soon as I'm thinking clearly, and I've had a bottle of water. This time, I'm kissing you and massaging your shoulders, pecks, breasts and nipples. Jerry is massaging your tummy and thighs and gently hinting that massage is good for every bit of you. 

Once your breathing is steady, you decide to climb back on the Sybian. I sit in front of you this time. We're kissing, and I'm caressing your inner thighs. The motors get ramped up a little faster this time. You say MORE. Jerry listens. The Sybian goes to 50% power on both, and you squirt, shiver, shake, and come for the most beautiful eternity I've ever seen.

That orgasm brought tremendous emotion welling up from the depths. 

We lift you and carry you to the bed. You want to be held, reassured, kissed, you want me within You, gently. 

Holding still and reminding you that we have a beautiful human connection, and that the fact that you're being completely fucking overwhelmed by this machine is actually a complement to our love and an extension of OUR LOVE. 

You're laughing at yourself because you're crying, giggling, and smiling beautifully as you sit up and slide off the bed to go again. Sooner than you thought.

This Sybian trip is back down to the slow, irresistible rumble of the clitoral plate. Coming is getting both harder and easier: you're coming harder and it's easier to come.

As you shake and quiver with another deep, deep full body orgasm, you choose to just crawl forward off the Sybian to the couch. I take you from behind as you white knuckle the back of the couch and tell me to pound, pound, pound You. We come together and you give me the most beautiful squeeze ever: your orgasm.

It's time to just sit a minute and recover. I take a mouthful of ice and hold my mouth on your pussy to bring down the swelling. You're sweating. It's so beautiful. 

Right here my mind goes a few different directions, but ...

One of them is that I'm spent. You're fucking roaring with orgasmic power. You climb back on the Sybian, and Jerry brings you to another orgasm, but you want the human touch. You come to me. Straddle me and begin kissing me. I'm in love with you, and you're so perfectly beautiful. You, of course, try to suck start my program, but I've come a lot... You come back to kissing me. 

You know what we can't ever do while making love from behind? Kiss. Suck your nipples. Kiss some more. You need cock and to feel pressed by men. While we're kissing your back is arching more and more until your perfectly swollen pussy is peeking out from between your thighs, right at Jerry. You tell him to get a condom, and he is quick enough to need no further instruction. 

I lift your blindfold to look you in the eyes and say that I love you, and of course we will enjoy what's next. Our chests are touching. We are kissing. My arms are holding you tightly as you rock back and forth with his steady gentle thrusting. You swear into my mouth as we kiss, "Fuck, that's hot." You come. Again. 

Our lips only part so that you can feel the orgasm of a man behind you and the love of the man beneath you. Kiss me. This is beautiful.

Of course, that makes me hard. So I role you over onto your back and stand at the side of the bed. I enter you, and it's so powerful emotionally to reclaim your perfection. I ask Jerry to take your hands and hold them over your head while I lift your hips to caress your g-spot with the head of my cock and drive my pelvis against your clitoris with each stroke. 

It's slow motion as we gently, slowly, Fuck. 

Your body glistens, and all I can think is how much I love you and how beautiful you are. The sight of you all stretched out before me. My shiny cock sliding in and out of your perfection. Your arms held above your head. You can't curl into your usual orgasmic ball as Jerry anchors your arms. To compensate, you writhe, buck and scream your way through another crushing uterine cataclysm. Your orgasms are the most beautiful expressions of love I've ever experienced.

Oh My God. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.

And back to the Sybian, because your legs still work so we must not be done yet...

Truly, if we do this right for all of us, it will take several hours. Thankfully and hopefully. 

There are 10,000 different scenarios, all perfect, all different, all tantalizing.

I don't want you to worry that I'm writing scripts. I'm not. You and I have very active imaginations. I'm just sharing a few things that are going through mine.

Please notice that the heart of every single thing, is LOVE, LOVE, LOVE for you, your mind, body, soul and the sensual experiences that we grant each other.

We're going to go with the flow. Be flexible. Easy. Funny. Serious. Fun. Sexy. Sensual. Kind. Protective. Dominant and above all else Loving.

Thank you,

Thank you,

Thank you...

Karen, I love you. 

Thank you for the adventure.

Dave

Oh, and I bought Patron Tequila, a lime, condoms, grape seed oil and a case of water... It's going to be a long week of anticipation.

I can't wait.