 This is the fifteenth in a series of stories about a scientist named Edward Vitello who has in his possession a very, very powerful love potion developed in a secret government sponsored research project that, to his dismay, was cancelled. He is determined to continue the research by doing human trials on a wide variety of selected women. 

The chemical is called SX69. It is an extract of Bonobo monkey DNA combined with a molecularly altered Oxytocin from the common shrew. Bonobo monkeys use constant sex as a social bonding tool and female shrews mate for life after one whiff of a male's unique Oxytocin. The potion works exactly on human females as it had with animals in the lab. 

Do read the previous installments which chronicle the use of SX69 from the first young girl, a sweet young librarian named Sarah to the last, a world renowned scientist named Janette Frohlich, PhD. There are many erotic twists and surprising turns along the way. 

In this chapter, Edward is urged by Dr. Frohlich to dose her entire team of four female research associates with SX69. This would establish a base of female subjects in America. They would also do research on the drug itself. Several are of various ethnic races which have yet to be tested with the experimental potion. 

Edward is having the sex life of a sultan but always keeps in mind that he is conducting a serious human drug trial for the SX69 potion. His motto is, "I have much work ahead of me combining science and pleasure." 

Enjoy!

Thanks to LarryInSeattle for editing it.

*****

Journal Account of Edward Vitello: July, 2012 My Visit to Cambridge, Massachusetts. 

It has been over a month since the Stockholm scientific conference. Jeanette, the renowned scientist that I dosed there had a fun visit to the castle. The girls love her. It was great to see her, the science nerd, running wild in the nude and giggling in a girlie fashion with the group. She even got a bit of color to her milk white skin. She said she has never been happier. SX69 is such a wonder drug for women. 

The girls love to ride the thoroughbreds and Jeanette joined in with gusto. Her equestrian skills improved a lot from the first day when she was bouncing up and down, smacking her bare ass against the saddle. Her tits were jiggling at every stride. But Jane, our British horse trainer and lusty family member, came to her rescue and by the last day had given her enough lessons to be a bit more proficient. The other girls are such skilled equestrians that they don't even need a saddle any more. They are one with their mounts as they gallop at top speed, even jumping fences. I swear the friction of the horse's coat on their bottoms must give them regular orgasms because they are out there every day in the buff with huge grins on their faces. 

Our bed is crowded with six women and me in it. What an incredibly erotic sight to wake up every morning and see six different uplifted asses in a row eagerly waiting to be mounted for a morning fuck. Life is very, very good. 

I flew over with my alpha female, sweet Mary, to visit Jeanette at her home in Cambridge, Massachusetts, very close to the Harvard University campus. She and her team have a large laboratory there. Jeanette is very interested in working on the SX69 project. We had discussed everything when she was in England. She was overjoyed at how it has improved her life and she believes her expertise in brain neurobiology could advance the SX69 research in a significant manner. Her own project is coming to a close and she wanted to start on SX69 as soon as she and her team are available. 

Her team is the other reason Mary and I flew there. Jeanette has an all-female, four-person research team that has been with her for several years. They are all brilliant scientists who have dedicated their lives to research. Like Jeanette, they are all relatively young and single. A workaholic lifestyle and a long term relationship don't mix. She thought it would be best for the women to be dosed with SX69 and bonded to me as their alpha male. She felt it would make them a more cohesive group and more dedicated to the SX69 project. She also feels they will have better lives once transformed just as she does. She loves her new life. Since her own transformation, she has craved more intimate social contact with her co-workers. She was lonely living alone. Before SX69, she was quite an introvert but now she is the opposite. The plan was that, after dosing the women, they would all live and work together as a harmonious family with me visiting on a regular basis to satisfy their base, carnal needs. 

My detective agency had checked the backgrounds of the women and they were cleared as ideal candidates. Mary and I went over the dossiers in detail. They all had impressive academic achievements and were PhD's in various fields. Here is a brief physical description of each.

Carol Yoon: Korean, age 26, 5'2", long black hair, body slim but a bit chunky

Gerda Simon: German, age 29, 6'2", short light blonde hair, muscular body

Melissa Stewart: Canadian, age 33, 5'7", long dark brown hair, slim athletic body

Angela Davies: Afro-American, age 31, 5'9", medium length black hair in corn rows, slightly over-weight with large muscular buttocks.

The facial features of the women can best be described as having character. That is other than Melissa, who is quite pretty. The family group in England are all quite beautiful in a classic sense. I will say that is nice but beauty loses some of its spark over time. The women in Cambridge are all attractive in a very interesting way. It has also been a great joy having sex with Jeanette who became a very lusty woman after SX69. I was surprised how sexually active and inventive this brilliant woman has become. I look forward to fucking these highly intelligent and, I am sure, very sexy group of females. It will be interesting to see what SX69 unleashes in their sexuality. I especially like the variety of ethnic and racial backgrounds as well as body types. This will put my motto, "I have much work ahead of me combining science and pleasure" to a real test.

We all met at Jeanette's large old colonial, New England home. Jeannette had told her team that I was a scientist with a new project that they might work on as a group with her heading it. This peeked their interest.

The schedule was for the women to arrive for a luncheon PowerPoint presentation of the project and then a discussion to follow. In reality, it would be a sit-down lunch and a group dosing with SX69 followed by a bonding orgy. I had a constant erection all morning just thinking about it. 

The reception area was the large patio at the back of the house which was bordered by a beautiful Japanese-style garden. The women arrived individually and Jeanette introduced them in turn. They all brought laptop computers in designer cases. They were very happy and pleasant and had brilliant minds. As each new woman arrived, the buzz of techno-chatter went up a notch. It was fascinating to hear about their ideas on the human brain and the advances in monitoring and unlocking its secrets. 

Since I have been living with SX69 women in group situations who are nude much of the time and sexually available at any moment, I have become very aware of body language. It could be that handling the strong drug has changed my brain in some primal animal way just as it has my women. When I am in a group of women, I pick up on all sorts of body language, a glance here, a hand movement there, a shifting of weight from one leg to another, a lick of their lips, a subtle fluttering of eyelashes, a shy glance down, or a flick of their hair. These and many others are clues that most modern North Americans have lost the ability to recognize.

Here I was in the midst of six very attractive women at the height of their sexuality. Unlike the ladies back at my castle in England, none of them wore any makeup. They didn't need it. Their skin was perfect. Their lips were naturally red and their cheeks had a healthy glow. Mary and Jeanette touched me often. They would even stroke my arm or massage the back of my neck quite openly. This happens with SX69 women. I could see the other four women react to this. They were getting turned on. It's only natural. I was a fit, potential sexual partner about the same age as them. Human animal instincts run very deep and unconsciously. 

In particular, I could see that Melissa, the cute Canadian girl with the most feminine summer dress and Angela, the hot looking black lady, were sending out strong sexual vibes in my direction. I could sense that both were sexually available and willing. Melissa would stare at me openly and then smile broadly. Angela licked her lips in a very sexy manner whenever I looked her way. I couldn't help eyeing their ripe bodies up and down brazenly and they would simply dropped their arms and display their assets for me to see. These are subtle signals that I have come to learn.

I admired all the four new women's sensuous bodies dressed so smartly in trendy pantsuits and dresses. I was reminded of a great song with the refrain, 'Mind Body Both'. The combination of high intellect and sexy body is simply a most erotic thing. These women were so different from my family in England. Their energy came from their intellect whereas on the other side of the Atlantic they were cheery more physical types. Both are super but different. 

Mary called everyone into the dining room where the table had been set with a small flower arrangement in front of every place setting. Mary had carefully placed a dose of SX69 on the petals of the beautiful orchid at its center. I was at the head of the table and Jeanette was at the other end. 

When everyone was seated, Jeanette said, "I want to thank everyone for coming today. I do love working with you all. You are like family to me. You have now met my great friend, Edward Vitello. Before we start lunch, Edward has brought us some rare and beautiful orchids from his private botanical garden. They have an amazing fragrance. Please smell them and see for yourselves."

All of the women picked up their small bowl of flowers and sniffed the SX69. The results were immediate and quite wondrous. They all froze with a quizzical looks on their faces with their eyes closed. This is when the female brain is rewired with the Bonobo monkey DNA and the unique bonding hormone of the common shrew, oxytocin. We expected that each person might take a different length of time to be transformed. I went into the living room and sat at the middle of a large L-shaped sofa and waited for Mary and Jeanette to bring each woman to me when they regained consciousness. I would be the first male they see and they would bond with me.

Melissa, the pretty Canadian girl, was the first to be led in and sat down beside me. She was the most feminine of the group with a pretty face and a pert little nose. She was dressed in a brightly colored summer dress that highlighted her slim waist and tight ass. Her eyes opened wide when she saw me. She stared blankly at me for several minutes. This is when she imprinted on me like a newborn bird imprints on the first thing moving that it sees. But in the case of SX69, a female imprints on the first male she sees and then he serves as her cherished mate and alpha male. Next, I saw her pupils go from pinpoints to dilated, to pinpoints, and back to dilated many times like a pinball machine hitting a jackpot. Then she broke into a big grin.

She inhaled deeply and ran her hand over her thighs with a thoughtful look on her face. I could only imagine the new sensations flowing through her body. She looked brazenly up and down my torso as she licked her lips. What a horny sight to see this gorgeous, brilliant PhD in biology get into heat sexually before my eyes with me as her intended mate. 

I said, "Hi Melissa, how are you feeling?" 

She looked up at me with a luxurious look on her face and said, "I have never felt better." She slid over and kissed my neck just below my ear and whispered in a low sexy voice, "I have never felt this alive." 

My experience with transforming many females taught me they would immediately have no sexual inhibitions and they lived for pleasing my every whim. The others would be coming in soon and I wanted to test how aroused this girl had become so I dipped my hand to the hem of her dress and ran it up her thigh to her panties. 

She opened her knees wide and moaned in my ear, "Yes baby, feel my pussy. It is soooo hot." Most people would be shocked at how quickly this subject has changed but it is the common reaction after SX69 dosing.

I reached up and under the waistband and down to her smooth, bald pussy. It was soaking wet with love juice. The odor from the crotch of a woman in heat filled my nose and gave me an instant rock-hard erection. My estimate of her pussy wetness was an eight on a scale of one to ten. She started humping my hand and was moaning in my ear while sucking on my earlobe. She was going to be an eager lover. I could hear Mary lead another girl to me. I withdrew my hand and pulled her dress down over her legs. 

"Melissa, my sweet, please sit over on the end of the sofa. I have to chat with someone else. Don't worry, I will be with you very soon."

She looked up in distress, "You promise?" 

"Yes sweetheart, I promise." Then she surprised me by quickly lifting her bum off the sofa and whisking her panties off and shoving them into my shirt pocket. Then with a big wink, she moved as instructed to the end of the sofa. 

Mary was bringing in Angela, the Afro-American girl. As Mary held her arm and led her forward, she was looking about the room in a searching manner until her gaze fell on me. Then she stood there frozen and locked her eyes on my face. Once gain, this is when her brain was imprinting on me as her alpha male and mate. When the transformation was complete, she sat down close beside me with a smile that lit up the room. She was dressed in a black and dark red striped satin blouse and black tailored slacks that accentuated her amazing ass. 

"Angela, so nice to be with you. How are you feeling?"

She inhaled deeply and cooed, "I feel fabulous. Very, very fabulous." She eyed me hungrily. "And you look great, too. You look good enough to eat." She wrapped her arms around me and pulled me to her body and kissed me passionately. This was a surprise since other SX69 women rarely kissed. She grabbed my ass and massaged it deeply. I reached down and took a handful of her firm ass in my hand. It was glorious. She continued, "Yes baby, feel momma's ass and anything else your little heart desires. I'm yours, honey."

I needed to test her pussy for wetness so I leaned back and said, "Angela, I need to feel your pussy. Please undo your pants." Without a blink or hesitation, she undid her belt and her waistband and unzipped her pants. I could see a nice pair of red silk panties within. I slipped my hand under the waistband and down to another bald pussy with very wet lips. My measurement was a seven on a scale of one to ten. 

She reacted with gusto, "Yes, daddy, stroke that pussy. That feels great." I withdrew my hand. "Please don't stop love, I NEED you to feel my hot pussy." 

I could hear Mary and Jeanette bringing the other two ladies in at the same time. I couldn't spend too much time with any one person until the transformation of everyone was complete even though I wanted to fuck this sexy black lady right then.

"I'm sorry Angela, you will just have to wait a bit longer until I can make love to you. Please do up your pants and sit over there with Melissa." She had a disappointed look on her face as she went over to sit beside her friend.

The two new ladies were seated on each side of me. Gerda, the German blonde, was on my left. She locked her eyes on my face and went though the bonding ritual as I checked out her body. She had short blonde hair and a handsome face. She wore a soft light grey cashmere sweater and a navy tight skirt that showed off her nice legs and womanly ass. I could see the outline of her bra under the sheer sweater. 

Carol, the Korean girl was on my right. She looked at me wide-eyed and I could see her pupils dilating and going back to tiny dots many times as her brain went through its bonding process. I am simply amazed every time I see this happen. Then she closed her eyes as the transformation ran its course. Carol had on a nice blouse that showed off her perfect 34B breasts. She was wearing designer jeans that hugged her ass nicely. I could see a sweet camel-toe outline of her pussy in the crotch.

I heard Gerda inhale deeply and I turned back to her and saw a big smile on her face. It was obvious that her transformation was complete. She slid over and kissed my ear and in a German accent said, "I am completely in love with you, Edward. I want to be with you always. I am yours." This woman will be very loyal in the future. Loyalty was her first instinct whereas Melissa and Angela, were all about sex. This is good.

I could see Mary with a big knowing smile on her face, sitting at the end of the sofa a good distance behind Gerda. It always comforts me to know that she is there. She is my alpha female and she keeps everything in order. Today I will need her even more because transforming four wonderful women is a real handful.

I needed to test Gerda's pussy wetness and I was getting so horny that I wanted to move this along so that the fucking could begin. I knew that anything I asked would be okay with Gerda. I put my hand on her knee and ran my palm up her thigh. She spread her legs like a harlot, totally oblivious to the other people in the room. SX69 makes women completely not shy about sex and their bodies. I got to her crotch, pulled her panties to the side, and dipped my fingers into her honey pot. It was wet but more of a six out of ten. She had a nice coating of soft pubic hair on her nether lips. My guess is that she will prove to be a true natural blonde when I get to see her full beaver.

"Gerda," I said, "Please excuse me for a moment." 

"Of course, sir."

I turned back to my Korean woman and she had a brilliant smile on her face. She leaned forward and gave me a big strong hug. Looking over her shoulder I could see Jeanette hugging and stroking Melissa and Angela at the far end of the sofa. They were already getting to be deeper friends. 

"Carol could you open your jeans? I need to test your pussy."

"Sure, Edward, I want to please you in any way." She reached down and put her hand on the tent in the front of my pants and wrapped her tiny hand around my cock inside. "Just ask and I will do anything."

That almost blew my mind even though I have come to expect almost anything when it comes to sexuality and SX69. The quick, total transformation of these females is truly mind-bending. This was the same person who I had discussed her PhD psychology work on instincts versus learned behaviors just a short time ago.

She quickly unzipped and opened her jeans. She had on white granny panties. When she saw me moving my hand towards her private parts, she pulled the waistband off her stomach exposing herself. She has the typical oriental straight, jet-black hair on her pubic mound. I reached down inside and she opened her legs eagerly. My fingers reached her vagina and she was almost dripping with love juice, a ten out of ten! She let out a squeal of pleasure. This was a girl in heat. I smelled my fingers and the erotic salty-sweet odor made my cock thicken and twitch in anticipation.

I had to slow her and myself down. "Carol, please zip up and join the other ladies at that end of the sofa." I turned to Gerda and continued, "Gerda, go sit with your friends too." 

I stood up and motioned with my hand for Mary to stand up beside me. Looking down at the four new females and Jeanette sitting in a line on the sofa was empowering. They all looked up at me with big nervous eyes. From talks with my sister about how she felt after she had been transformed with her dose of SX69, I knew that now I was the center of each of these women's universe. They lived to serve and please me in any way. It calms them to do this and makes them extremely nervous if I am in the least bit unhappy. With this in mind, I decided to lay out the situation directly so they would know the drill and feel safe. 
