 Julia brought Heather forward and stood her in the middle of the room. She took the night mask and placed it over her eyes and checked to see Heather couldn't see anything. Tracy came back in and whispered to Julia and stood on the other side of Heather. A few minutes later, the door knocked and Julia called out to come in. Heather stood still, but she was shaking from nervous excitement, knowing the guys were coming in and looking at her naked. 

It was a pivotal moment for her and her mind raced to accept what she was doing. Before tonight, she would have been mortified to stand naked before all these women, let alone all their men as well. Once they were in and lined up in front of her, Julia and Tracy took a hand each and led her over to Scott, who was first in line.

"Okay, Baby, here's how the first game works. This one is just for you, because we all know already. We're going to put your hand on each guy's cock and you have to feel it and guess who it is."

"This should be interesting. So, all I do is get to feel it, not doing anything to it?"

The guys were grinning big and doing their best not to make a sound. The women were smiling just as happily.

"Sweetie, if you think giving it a few strokes will help you, help yourself. All you can do is touch their cocks and balls, that's it. Ready?"

"This is so crazy, but it sounds like fun. Okay, let's do it, let me feel the first one then."

Tracy held Heather's wrist and guided it to Scott's cock and let it touch it. Heather used her fingertips at first, then gradually wrapped her fingers around it and gave it a few strokes. She cupped his balls and felt them, then held his cock once more, squeezing it gently, feeling it thicken in her grasp. She felt the head and its shape, then let it go.

"So who do you think it is?"

Heather thought about it and gave her answer loudly.

"I think that cock is... Scott's"

"Very good, you're right. Okay, let's go to the next one."

Julia and Tracy shuffled her sideways, smiling happily, over to Jared and guided her hand to his cock. Heather felt it and tested the length and thickness with her fingers first, then went to give it a few strokes and felt the rounded studs along the shaft. Her fingers played over them, her face taking on the shock of surprise to it.

"They're studs, Sweetheart. Guys get things done to their cocks, like we get things done to our pussies, So that's what you're feeling."

Heather nodded towards Julia in understanding, her face returning to more of the pleasured look she had before. Her fingers touched the tight curls of his pubic hair and she knew one thing from that. She was already guessing before she let go of his swelling cock.

"I'm going to say this is Jared. I'll admit his hair was a bit of a give away for me."

"I thought it did, when I saw you touch it."

"I do have to say though, those stud things you have Jared, they feel pretty neat actually. I want to see what they look like when we're done playing."

"My pleasure, Heather. Keep going, you're doing great so far. Two out of two."

"Thanks. This is fun. Okay, who's next?"

Heather started moving on her own and Tracy led her hand to Bill's cock. The moment her hand touched him and wrapped around his shaft, he groaned in a low moan. Heather heard it and knew from the sound of his voice who it was. She went ahead and gave him a good stroking and cupped his balls playfully, before letting him go and leaving him semi-hard. 

"Nice cock, Bill."

"I gave myself away, I know, I couldn't help it. I watched your hand going to my cock and when it touched me, well, I told you I loved your hands and fingers."

"Yes you did, now I see why."

Heather chuckled and Bill took her hand and kissed it lovingly.

"Don't worry, I'm sure I'll have my hands on your cock at some point later."

"Can't wait. That's three out of three, batting a perfect game so far."

Heather smiled towards him and blew a little kiss, then sidled over until Tracy stopped her. She let her hand go where it was put and felt the cock of Freddie. She held it and gave it a few strokes and felt it get harder with each one. She kept doing it a few more times and felt it was rock hard already. She used her fingers to feel it and felt the strong curve in it, the head almost pointing upwards. She cupped his balls and felt that he was shaven smooth everywhere. She stroked the shaft a couple of more times and felt the head size and shape. The pre-cum was oozing from the tip and her fingers spread the slippery fluid around it.

She took delight in the sensation and then let it go. She stood pondering his more, no tells to go on at all this time. 

"Know who's it is?"

"I'm not really sure. That's an interesting curve he has in it, I'll say that much. Feels very nice size-wise. Hmmm, I'm going to have to guess and say... this cock is Freddie's."

"Girl, you're amazing. Are you sure you can't see? You aren't cheating somehow are you?

"No, I'm not cheating and I can't see anything either. How can I cheat? I can't even see them, or anything."

"You're incredible. Okay, guess this next one and the last one is a given."

"Okay, let's have that cock and figure out who it is."

Everyone was in awe of her abilities to guess and knew only two remained and the one at the end was a dead give away the moment she touched it. Heather shifted again and waited for her hand to be placed on the next one. Heather took it and played with it in her fingers, enjoying making it harder. She caressed the head lightly and cupped his balls, feeling for anything to give him away. Jim stood there feeling her hand stroking him and began thrusting his hips in unison with her, getting more contact with himself. Heather felt him shoot up in size and girth, making her almost gasp at it's size.

"If there's two left, then this has to be Jim. Am I right?"

"You got it. Okay, you know who's left."

Tracy led Heather's hand over to Kennan's thick mass and let it go. Heather began touching it and feeling it, her mouth dropping open as she imagined the size of it hard. She was curious to know what it was like and began stroking it and feeling it thicken and grow in length. When it seemed like she was going twice as far as she had with the other guys, she pulled off the mask to stare at it. She looked at the massive length and girth of it and all the tales and stories of well hung black males was true. Huge cocks like that did exist and she was barely able to wrap her hand around it.

She looked up into his eyes and saw him smiling proudly, knowing how he impressed her with it.

"Later my sweet pet. You'll be able to enjoy it after the others have eased you up a bit more."

Heather went from looking into his entrancing eyes, hearing the deep timber of his voice and looked at more than ten inches of cock in her hand.

"Oh my God, Keenan, it's huge."

"Yes. God has blessed me with this magnificence and I'm only too willing to share God's blessing with you. You may kneel and worship before it."

Heather blindly obeyed the joking suggestion and knelt down, taking it in both hands and stroking it full length. She marvelled at it in every way, looking at it like a masterpiece of craftsmanship. She tilted her head up and looked into Keenan's eyes, a serious playfulness in hers.

"I'm going to need a helluva lot of easing up to get this thing in me."

"Girl, if you can do a wine bottle, I'm no problem for you."

Heather's face went beet red and she spun around to the women.

"Holy shit, Tracy, did you tell everybody what I did?"

"No, I only told the ones I told you I did. They told everybody else."

"So everyone knows what I did? What we did?"

"Oh yeah. The guys want to get caught up now on what's happened since then, right guys?"

Heather didn't even let go of Keenan's cock, as she looked at the guys again. They were all smiling and nodding in agreement at her. Heather's embarrassment faded the more she realized what she was doing and had done. She looked back at Keenan's cock and hefted it.

"Yeah, later big guy. You'd split me in two right now."

She gave the near-black head a soft kiss and let it go, giving it a little pat before she stood up. She looked into Keenan's eyes and put her hands on his muscled chest.

"Take it easy on me okay? I want to still enjoy my pussy after you're done with me."

Keenan let out a laugh and held her to him.

"By the time you get to me, my cock won't seem such a hard thing to imagine in your fine pussy."

Heather sighed and gave him a quick kiss on the lips and looked at the guys again.

"So, want to know what's gone on, do you? Okay, here's what I've done, I'll even recap it, just in case you missed something."

Heather walked over to Tracy and stood beside her, putting her arm over her shoulder, Tracy putting hers around her waist.

"This lovely lady here started it all off. First, she got me kissing a woman like this."

Heather turned and began kissing Tracy strongly, tonguing her deep and hard. 

"Then she got me into tits. I must say, I do like tits."

Heather bent and cupped Tracy's breast in her hand and suckled on her nipple, kneading and caressing the full mound.

"Then of course, she got me into pussy."

Heather slid her hand down from the engorged nipple and cupped the hairless mound in her hand. She worked her finger between her folds and slid it inside as deep as she could. She pulled Tracy back into the deep kissing again and fingered her fast and hard, making her wet enough to be heard by everyone and then stopped.

"Of course, everyone knows about the infamous bottle fucking escapade and yes, I tried both bottles and I did like the Chablis more. Then, Tracy and I had some fun shaving my pussy and getting rid of the jungle I had growing there. Looks pretty now, doesn't it?"

She got lots of agreement from everyone and continued.

"Now, the next thing she tried on me I had no idea I'd like, was spanking. She told me how she and Jim had done it the night before and she of course had to show me how good it was. And yes, it was good and she made me cum a bunch of times right after it. Then I had my real first taste of being with another woman and doing things to her. I made her cum and I was so happy I did. So that changed my mind about being with another woman."

The guys and girls stood rapt listening to her as she described everything, touching herself and Tracy as she spoke. Tracy grabbed her hand again and put it on her pussy.

"I'm almost there, just a bit more?"

Heather smiled and laughed a bit.

"Later you sexy thing. I'll make sure you cum good, don't you worry."

Heather was becoming bolder as she went on, losing all her shyness and reserve and just letting herself go. She left Tracy and went over to Julia and stood beside her like she did with Tracy.

"Then I was introduced to Julia and the joys of a Double Header. Did it make me cum? Damn right it did! A lot. Then this one and the other one found out I squirt and had fun making me do that. I had no idea I could do it and let me tell you all right now, I want to do more of that. So, that leads us over to this lovely lady here."

Heather walked over to Gloria and gave her a kiss like they had shared before. Gloria and Heather both moaned together, their hands both reaching down for each others pussy. They went at it for a minute or so more and then Heather stopped and pulled away. leaving Gloria wanting more.

"As you can see, I discovered I also get very turned on by the way I get kissed. Gloria does something to me, I don't know what, but when she kisses me, I just get wetter and wetter and it takes nothing for her to make me cum. Love to know what that is, because that's hot and I mean hot. Then after discovering that about myself, another lovely lady introduced me just recently to the joys of anal sex. Ask me to do that yesterday, I would have said no way. Ask me now, I'll bend over and spread my ass cheeks for you myself."

Heather went over and held Gwen to her as she talked. Gwen's hands were caressing her cheeks, as her lips were kissing her neck and shoulders. Heather bent down slightly and kissed Gwen, caressing her cheek softly. She left her side and stood in front of the guys again, looking at each one individually.

"There, that's what's happened so far. What's going to happen next, I don't have a clue."

Julia came over to her and stood beside her. 

"I'm still impressed with you guessing every guy right. How did you know?"

"Honestly? I did sort of cheat a bit. I remembered what each guy smelled like. A couple were hard, I wasn't sure about them, but there was usually something about them that gave them away."

"You little sneak. That deserves some payback for that. I say you deserve some spank and tickle, don't you girls?"

They all agreed and swarmed her, rushing her to the bed and tossing her face down on it. She tried to struggle and get free, but they held her fast, her arms and legs stretched wide. In seconds, hands were at the sides of her chest tickling her and getting her to laugh. She was laughing hard, when Keisha started spanking her ass and thighs. The combination of them going back and forth drove her crazy, as she laughed and cried out at the same time. Keisha knew when it was the right time and started lightly spanking Heather's pussy, as she continually laughed uncontrollably through it all. 

It didn't take long for Heather to get aroused enough to soak her pussy in juices. Keisha wasted no time and licked two fingers, before sliding them deeply into Heather's pussy and continued spanking with her other hand. Heather lost it all together after that and began cumming as she laughed and cried at the same time. They stopped tickling and caressed her softly instead from head to toe, as Keisha worked a third finger home and worked her pussy over fast and hard, bringing her into a screaming orgasm.

They let Heather go and she lay there wiping her eyes and rolled over to see everyone looking at her on the bed. Suddenly she felt like she was on display and unsure of herself. 

"That was different. I guess I'm in for a lot of first times, aren't I?"

Tracy knelt beside her on the bed and held her hand. 

"Yes you are Sweetheart. So for your first first of the night, who's cock would you like? Remember, you're allowed more than one if you wish."

Heather sat up and looked at all the smiling guys looking at her, all of them hoping to be the first to try her out. She looked at all the cocks, semi-erect or hard and decided Freddie's curve and Jared's studs held her interest to try first.

"I think for my first time, I'd like to try Freddie and Jared."

The other guys looked disappointed, except Keenan, who knew he was last regardless. Jared and Freddie came to the bed and knelt beside Heather. She took their cocks in each hand and stroked them both hard. She looked at them both and determined what she wanted to do with them.

"I get to say what I'd like, right?"

She questioned everyone about that with a look and everyone told her it was all up to her what she wanted and didn't want.

"Heather, it's your fantasy, Babe. We're just the lucky guys you chose for it, so just let us know what you want to do and we'll do it. You say stop and it stops, okay?"

"Thanks Freddie. Okay, I like hearing that. I trust you all, so I know no matter what we do, it won't hurt me or make me feel bad about it."

"No it won't and that's why we use lube and go slow. It's about pleasure and no one wants to see someone not enjoying what they're doing."

You're sweet Jared. Okay, here's what I'd like to try. I haven't had two cocks before and Tracy keeps telling me how great it is, so I think for my first thing is to try doing that. I'm really curious how that nice curve of your cock will feel in my pussy, Freddie, while those studs really make me think about Knobby and how it felt on me, so I want you to do my ass, okay Jared?"

"You got it. One ass well and nicely fucked coming up. So, how would you like to get started?"

Everyone stood or sat on the edge of the bed watching quietly, but with great rapt attention to what Heather wanted.

"Well, let's see. I'd like to start with sucking and playing with your cocks first, because I'll be honest here, I haven't had a real cock to play with for over five years, so it'd be nice to enjoy doing that. I'm not saying I'm any good, but I do remember enjoying doing it, so I'd like to do that first. So come in closer so I can suck and stroke you both."

Freddie and Jared both moved in on their knees so their cocks were right in front of her face. Heather looked at both of them and held them in her fingers. She began stroking each one the same and felt Freddie's curve starting immediately. Her fingers played over the studs on Jared's cock and felt the skin tightening as he swelled bigger in size. In a minute, she had them both fully erect and hard. 

She turned to Freddie and pulled his cock into her mouth and slowly withdrew it and licked the head. She slid her mouth back on it and gobbled up most of it before she slowly pulled back again. Freddie was groaning in satisfaction and nodding, his eyes closed and smiling. Heather stopped sucking Freddie and stroked him, as she turned her attention to Jared's cock and did the same slow sucking motion on him. They were both close in size, around seven inches and similar in girth and Heather took them both down easily, leaving little cock not touched by her lips.

She took her mouth away from Jared and she could hear the moans and oohs from the men and women around her. She brought both of their cocks to her mouth and stuck her tongue out, She began rubbing the heads of their cocks around each other, as her tongue licked and soaked the both of them. Jared and Freddie looked at each other, never having their cocks rubbed together and shrugged and went with it.

Heather stopped and sucked one, then the other and gave them both a good stroking.

"Mmmm, I still like sucking cock. Can't wait to feel those studs in my ass, so I'm not sure how we do the cocks at once thing, any suggestions that are easy to do."

Everyone spoke at once on what the best way was and Tracy whistled loudly and got them to stop.

"Wait, wait. Seeing as I'm the one who got her interested in doing it this way, I should be the one to tell her the best and easiest way to enjoy it."

No one complained with her reasoning and let her make her suggestion.

"Okay, here's how you should start and then get into it. Enjoy some pussy action first and get a feel for both and then get your ass loosened up to let Jared in. When you're ready to do both, Freddie will lie on his back and you can straddle his hips and slide him inside, then lay on him and your ass will be easy for Jared to get in and work you over together. If I might add an extra suggestion, have Freddie wear a cock ring while he's deep inside you and your clit is pressed against it and Jared can do more of the fucking part."

"Oooo, I like the sounds of that. As much as I love being with the girls, I haven't lost my love of a good cock fucking me. As for cumming, please, fill me up. My tubes are tied, so no worries about that. And, I think that's about it, so... let's fuck. Jared, I'd like to start with you and see what those studs feel like, Freddie, don't go far, I want to suck and stroke you while I get fucked, okay?"

"No worries Babe, I'm not going anywhere."

Heather gave him a sweet kiss and lay back down on the bed and got herself ready. She held her legs open for Jared to come to her and stroke his cock shaft and he knelt between her legs and laid his cock against her soaking lips. She parted her lips and held them open, letting Jared run the studs over her sensitive flesh. The long, slow strokes let Heather feel every stud excite her and twitched the moment they ran over her clit. Heather looked in Jared's eyes as he did it and smiled.
