 Mike shifted his weight, and moved to sit lightly on Charlotte's stomach. Still holding my face in his hands, he kissed me hard. And I allowed him. He moved one hand down my throat and chest, and hastily grabbed a breast out of the corset. But I wouldn't touch him yet. Instead, I gripped each of Charlotte's legs under the knee, and pushed them back over his own thighs, pulling her ass up into the air between Mike and Myself. I held her there, smelling her scent as Mike sucked on my tongue. Pinched my nipple with a thumb and knuckle. 

I kept my eyes open, so did Mike. I let my gaze fall to the crop trapped between my hand and Charlotte's knee. I used a thumb to push the end up and gently tickle his nipple. He shivered and went to pull the crop away, but I gave a quick short snap. His nipple to attention, he's angry and turned on. Still holding my face, he snarled "I am going to use that on you next." I just shook my head, and pushed Charlotte's legs back more. The plastic dick in my strap on bobbed over her now wide open vagina. 

I held the crop out to him, "I will teach you how to use it on Charlotte first." He took it quickly. I bit his lower lip. "Start slow." 

With that I leaned back, pushing Chaz's sex into the air as far as I could. "Hit her lightly on the thighs first. She's been spanked a lot already. " Mike followed my instruction, gave a light swat on the thigh. Charlotte curled her toes and yelped. "Again." I said. 

After a few soft, ticklish itchy swats, Mike swung a bit too hard, at which Charlotte yelped in actual pain. 

I took the crop from him with a scowl, and ran my fingers lightly over Charlotte's raised flesh. "Turn around and lay on Chaz with your ass up. I'm going to show you how it should feel." 

He hesitated. But I looked him in the eyes and smiled, "Go on Mike. Trust me. You know I'm your friend and I wont push you too far." Mike turned over with a dramatic dejected sigh. "Good. You can tell me if I do anything you don't want. And I will stop." I pushed and guided his legs so he pinned Charlotte's thighs open. Both is semi-hard penis and my plastic one laid across Chaz's ass, head to head sort of speak. 

I laid on top of Mike, and kissed his shoulders. Running my fingers down his sides, over his ribs, and hip bone, I started kissing the back of his neck and ears. He finally started to relax. He kissed Charlotte, and let me tickle his neck with my tongue.  

I continued to run my fingers over his back and sides, pressing my weight into him. I watched him kiss Charlotte's mouth hungrily, he sucked on her chin, and cupped her tiny face gently in his large hands. I nibbled his ear, and ran a hand over an ass cheek, then slowly moved my lips down his back. I massaged his ass gently with my hands as I licked and bit at his flanks. His reactions to the bites satisfied me: he was into it, he started to relax but still excited, sucking on his girlfriend's mouth and neck. 

I bit his ass. And then watched him move his legs up slightly, an invitation. I moved my tongue down the crack of his ass. Ran my fingernails across the round cheeks and muscled thighs. He was almost fully hard again, a bluish vein in his cock stood out crooked under the silky flesh. It pressed against Charlotte. I took it in one hand and began to pull, feeling it lengthen in my palm. With the other hand, I pushed an ass cheek open, and pressed my tongue to his sphincter. I watched him writhe atop Charlotte, deep moans into her neck and loose hair. He pressed back to meet my mouth. As I tasted his ass, I continued to pull and twist on his cock. He was just about fully hard now . 

I released the grip, and just ran a finger lightly over the cock head, then back up the shaft to play with his scrotum. I circled my fingers around the top of the balls and brought the sac back. I sucked a ball into my mouth. The drool from my mouth dribbled onto the sheets. I popped the fat round ball out, and then sucked the other one in. I moved my thumb to his asshole, and played with it. Pressed it softly. Felt it tighten and relax. 

He was mine now. 

I released the testicle from my mouth, and twisted the cock shaft again. I spread Chaz's pussy open, and pushed his dick inside. So the right thing to do! Chaz's toes curled, her legs wrapped around him, feet trying to lock together across his back, but the silk scarves prevented it. He tilted his hip to enter her to the hilt. 

And I slipped my thumb slowly into his ass. 

Then I took the crop in my free hand again, and gave him a pleasant swat across the ass cheek. Yeah, he bucked, right into Charlotte. Again. And again. My blows just hard enough to excite and cause reaction. My thumb had full access to his asshole now, and I fucked it in and out with his own movements. I watched his balls slap slowly against Charlotte's hole, she was spread so wide. I swatted him again with the crop, then bent over and replaced my thumb with my tongue, moving in and out, lubing him. He was such a whore for the touch, and paused to let me access. I took that as a sign to proceed, pressed 2 fingers to his hole and slowly worked in. His moans and grunts were approval, he plunged into Charlotte's snatch with vigor now. 

I licked two fingers of my other hand, and pressed them against Charlotte's ass, and slowly worked them in as well. She was so spread open and wet from the earlier session, there wasn't much resistance. Then I could finger fuck both of them. She seemed to climb her legs up higher on Mike's body. Mike grabbed her legs and pulled them up to his shoulders, wrapped around his neck. She could hardly catch her breath, between gasps and moans. 

I spit onto my plastic penis strap on. I was so turned on I was salivating like a pit bull eying a steak on the barbie.

I lifted his balls slightly, and pressed the cock-head to Charlotte's sphincter. I slipped the head into her, and just held still while Mike fucked her. 

What a sight, my fingers fucking Mike's ass, Mike fucking Chaz's pussy, and my strap on just in Chaz's ass. 

Charlotte was in ecstasy, Mike continued to chew on her chin and neck, relishing his own sensations. I slipped my fingers out of his ass, took the crop up again and delivered a few harder blows. Now that his endorphins were kicking in, I could increase the intensity of pain. I delivered a few blows to Charlotte's feet, and then Mike's flanks. I came down and got a swat on Mike's thigh, then on Chaz's now abused ass. 

I think I have a couple new recruits to BDSM. 

I moved my knees forward, and pushed slightly little further into Charlotte. Finding no resistance from her, I started fucking her in time with Mike's movements. I leaned back to have better access to her ass, and to watch the show. Finally Charlotte let out a scream of pure pleasure, and came. Though I couldn't see her writhing and convulsing under Mike, her legs squeezed around his neck, her toes splayed wide. 

With that, I slipped my phony cock from her, and then raised up and spread Mike's cheeks with my hands. With only slight resistance, his sphincter opened right up and let the cock-head in. He called out "Wait!", so I stopped moving. But his reluctance was quick to dissipate. He continued to move his dick in and out of Charlotte, and thus over the cock in his ass. 

"Do you want me to pull out?" I asked. 

But he kept moving. After a moment, he shook his head. 

We all know how I like to hear it spoken aloud. "If you want me to keep going, you have to tell me, Mike. Say 'fuck me'". I teased him moving in and out just a fraction. 

He grunted. I knew he hated me right now. Frustrated, and anxious, still moving from Charlotte to the dick in his ass, he grumbled at me. "Fuck me."

Oh yes. I got up on my feet, squatting to keep the dick in place, and holding onto his hips for leverage. I proceeded to fuck his cute little now-pink ass. 

Hard. 

I spit down onto him, and worked the spittle into his stretched ass ring. I thrust in time with his movements into Charlotte, who was still blindfolded and oblivious. I delivered a spanking to his ass once I had my balance in check, and he was all over it. He went rigid, hardened, and came into Charlotte. His groans so loud and deep, he buried his face in her neck. I bucked the dick in him a few more times to watch him continue to cum, and deliver home a point. 

My plastic dick would never go limp, and even though I knew I would get mine eventually, Mike would never be able to deliver as well as I had.