 The door opens...she is overwhelmed. It is perfect, right down to the roses on the circular table. The door closes and the fantasy begins. "Close your eyes," he whispers.

A pop of a champagne cork, the soft splash of liquid being poured into glasses. A cool flute of champagne is pressed into her hand.

He is behind her, arms encircling, lips on her neck. The mood is sensuous, exciting; the moment like an assignation. Hands caress the sides of her aching breasts and brush her sensitive nipples through the thin material. He feels her reach for his cock. "Not so fast," he laughs.

With a final caress and kiss on the neck, he steps back, raises his glass and toasts..."To Joyce, the most sensual woman in either hemisphere."

With that, he seizes her hand and leads her through the glass door and into the almost tropical pool room. "Strip, Joyce," he chuckles. He knows that she is turned on by a dom thing at times. Although he is not a dom, he loves to see her aroused.

His eyes are almost glittering as he watches her obediently remove her clothes. First the blouse...a button at a time. She knows that he is turned on by teasing. Then the skirt flutters to the floor. Panties and a bra are all that are left. "The rest, Joyce, I want to see you naked."

He strips off his shirt and unbuckles the belt on his jeans, letting them drop on the floor as he watches the impromptu strip tease...

She feels his eyes, laser blue, seeming to burn a hole in her body. Her hands, slowly, reach behind her and unsnap the bra. Her hands slip the straps off her shoulders and it falls to the pool deck. Her hands cup her full breasts and lift them...offering them to him. "The panties, Joyce," he orders.

As she hooks the waist of her panties and slips them over her hips, he walks toward her. When her panties drop to the deck, he impatiently sheds his boxers -- revealing a semi-hard cock. With one step, he is close enough for her to hear his breathing. His eyes never leave hers as his hand touches her thigh and then, slowly and deliberately, slides up -- his fingers touching her puffy lips.

As she reaches - again - for his cock he grips her wrist and turns...leading her to the pool steps. Three steps and they are both in the incredibly warm water. The fountain in the center of the pool is spraying water straight up into the air. 

He sits on the second step and, his hand still firm on her wrist, turns her and pulls her down onto his lap. She feels his cock between her legs, throbbing and hot. He releases her wrist and his lips find her neck. His strong hands cup her full breasts -- squeezing them...

He is playful -- in no hurry -- teasing. He brushes her pussy underwater, feeling how soft her lips are. Then he stands, picking her up effortlessly -- the water adding buoyancy to her body. 

He grabs a float from the side of the pool and says "Grab this and shut your eyes." She does...obediently, laying on her back in the warm water...her head supported by the float. She feels little waves and then his hands slide up her legs, brushing her inner thighs. He smiles to himself as her legs part and her breathing becomes shallow. He moves between her spread legs, dips his head, and begins to lick her. Her soft lips are puffy; engorged by blood. As he licks he watches her. Her eyes are still closed. One of her hands, almost in slow motion, slides up her body. Her fingers play with her nipples. Little moans escape from her lips. He hears the words -- faint over the waterfall. "Please fuck me...please...I need your cock...pleaseeeeeeeeeeee."

He has a raging hard on; almost painful. Controlling himself with an effort of will, he finds her clit -- protruding and engorged. With the tip of his tongue he circles it...around...and around...and around... Her hips are bucking up; continuous moans are coming from her mouth. As he teases her with his tongue he watches her hands as both of them squeeze her full tits and pinch her nipples. He knows that the sensations from her pussy are surging through her body -- meeting those that her hands are triggering. A scream echoes through the pool room -- "Fuckkkkkkk, I'm cumminggg...oh shit, don't stop...pleaseeeeee...goddddddddddddddddddddddd."

He moves suddenly. Strong hands grip her and turn her around; propelling her toward the steps at the shallow end of the pool. She is helpless -- her body still spasming from the powerful orgasm. She half stumbles up the steps and lands on all fours, her ass in the air. With no more foreplay, he plunges his cock -- all 7 erect inches -- into her sopping wet pussy. 'Argggggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhh,' he screams as he pistons his hips, full balls slapping her ass with each stroke. She is being mounted like a stallion fucks a mare in heat. HARD FAST DEEP strokes -- raging hard cock touching the bottom of her core with each stroke. He twines one hand in her hair, fucking her harder than she has ever been fucked before.

As he rides her, one of his hands reach, to cup her swaying tits, and then squeeze -- digging almost painfully into the firm flesh. Every nerve end of her body is tingling. His turgid cock seems to be stretching her cunt...she has never been taken like this before. She reaches -- her fingers find and then frantically massage her clit. "Oh, fuckkkkkkk, god I love your cock." The words are ripped from inside her body; torn from her lips. She has always been so prim...and now she is as wanton as any nymphomaniac. She feels her body convulsing -- another powerful orgasm tearing through her body. She clenches her muscles, squeezing and massaging his cock. She wants his hot cum to fill her cunt...

Joyce was disoriented. She remembered his cock spurting cum -- unearthly sounds coming from inside his body. After they returned to earth, he tenderly dried her with a big terry cloth towel and then they left the glassed-in pool area and she dropped -- exhausted -- onto the enormous California king bed. She remembered looking up at the mirrors in the ceiling, remembered feeling a stirring, but nothing else. She must have fallen asleep.

Funny, she could not see anything. Joyce tried to touch her eyes and THEN realized that her hands were bound. Wiggling, she felt soft restraints (cuffs?) holding her wrists. The restraints were attached to something.

"Damn you," she laughed, "you have captured a prisoner." She tried to imagine the room. Her naked body, hands secured above her head, breasts pointing toward the mirror ('the mirror,' she thought, a jolt of passion running through her loins...), her legs -- not tied -- spread a little with her neatly trimmed pussy exposed to his gaze.

She was just about to shout to see if he had fallen asleep, when there was a knock on the door. 'My god,' she thought, 'could he have ordered room service?' A soft murmur of voices...two people, a man and a woman were talking to him. Then the door closed with a soft clunk.

"Joyce, you remember Ben and Julie, I am sure." His words brought her fully awake. Of course she remembered them. Neighbors, a fence away. They had often used their names when they were having sex -- pretending that the couple was there. Joyce was not bisexual, but she had often masturbated while thinking of the other couple playing. She had frequently seen Ben and Julie in their back yard. They both were tanned from the hot tropical sun. Ben was taller than 'him,' well built, with sandy blond hair and blue eyes. Julie was petite, no more than 5'1", with a hard body that obviously benefited from working out at a club.

She was sure that every inch of her body was bright red from blushing...

The sounds alone were erotic -- zippers, snaps, and the murmur of voices. Joyce could feel herself getting hot again -- and no one had even touched her! The bed sagged...and sagged again. 

"Joyce," his voice was soft but penetrating. "Listen, baby, listen. Julie's mouth is on my cock. Her perky little tits are in my hands...baby, her nipples are pointy and hard. Oh, fuck, her mouth is so hot." Joyce was squirming, trying to pull her hands free when she felt a tongue running along her thigh. 'Please," she moaned, "please let me see." The tongue left her thigh -- she was writhing in frustration when the blindfold was suddenly pulled from her eyes. The light was dim but hurt her eyes. As she looked around, she saw 'him,' his cock standing straight up, with Julie's mouth sliding up and down on his shaft. She looked up and saw -- my god, Ben's tool was huge. ‘He’ had about 7" but Ben...Ben's cock must be at least nine. Ben was straddling her face. She had not been with another man since her marriage, but she was so hot she wanted him -- badly. By Ben's smile -- almost a cruel one -- he knew. He lowered his mouth and -- as she licked his head -- he began to lick her swollen pussy lips. "Goddddddd," she moaned, "please, please, please..." 

Ben's heavy balls were on her face; his scent was male -- sweaty and musky. She licked his cock like a lollipop. Joyce could feel her juices leaking; running down her legs. Her eyes were drawn to 'him' and Julie. ‘He’ was kneeling behind Julie. Her bubble ass was high in the air -- her face twisted into a mask of lust. ‘He’ drove his cock into her cunt. Julie's eyes rolled up in her head. Suddenly they flew open and locked on Joyce's. Ben's cock was deep in Joyce's mouth and his tongue was lapping wildly at her pussy. With a wild, unworldly smile, Julie let herself be driven further across the bed by 'his' cock. Julie's mouth was open and her tongue found one of Joyce's nipples. Joyce screamed, Ben's cock plopping out of her mouth...they were driving her insane. "Please," she begged, "please free my hands."

In a voice hoarse with lust, ‘he’ said, "No baby, you are a slave now, a toy for our pleasure." Ben's enormous tool was slapping her lips. With a moan, she took it back -- as far as she could. Ben's tongue was probing her soft lips...she had never been eaten like this...never. 'His' fingers were now twined in Julie's hair, his tool was slamming in and out of her cunt. Julie was mouthing words...over and over... "Fuck, fuck, fuck...oh my god, fuck me harder..." Then she quivered -- multiple orgasms had taken control of her. 

Ben was aroused by the words and the scene...his wife being fucked in front of his eyes. He spun suddenly, his glistening cock with the angry purple head pulled free from her lips. He knelt and lifted Joyce's legs high in the air. He positioned himself and with a grunt, rammed his cock into her pulsing cunt. "Oh fuck," Joyce moaned, "you are ripping me apart." Ben was like a stallion -- her words seemed to make him more wild. His lean body was glistening with sweat as he fucked her mercilessly. Through the fog, Joyce saw Julie, body flushed from passion, licking her juices from 'his' cock.

With a wild cry, Ben exploded. He ground his hips on her, trying, it seemed, to drive his cock through her body. In a sexual fog, Joyce was moaning. She was so close, but she could not cum. Crying from frustration, she bucked her hips up, hoping that he could last a little longer. Through a fog, she watched as Julie left 'his' cock and crawled over toward them. Joyce squealed in frustration, trying in vain to free her hands. Julie crawled on top of her and started to lick Ben's still semi-hard cock. Joyce could feel her firm tits on her belly -- strange, she had never been with a woman but that was turning her on. Julie's freshly fucked cunt was in front of her face; pink lips swollen and leaking 'his' cum. 

"Fuckkkkkkkk," Julie's tongue was brushing her clit as she licked Ben's cock. Then, a voice in her ear. ‘He’ had crept close -- unnoticed. "You want her pussy, baby? Look at that shaved cunt. Tell me and I will let you -- beg, baby, beg." As he spoke, his hand -- almost casually -- cupped her left breast. His finger and thumb touched her rock hard nipple, causing bolts to shoot through her body. Then he pinched. 'Damn him,' Joyce thought, 'the fucker knows that a little pain drives me wild.'

Joyce looked up at the mirror on the ceiling. The erotic tableau stimulated her even more...

‘He’ let his other hand, casually, stroke Julie's smooth lips. His fingers glistened from the juices that were still leaking from Julie's pussy. Deliberately, ‘he’ slid a finger into her cunt and then, the bastard, ran it across Joyce's lips. Then, with a strange smile on his face, ‘he’ reached up and undid the rope holding her cuffed hands in captivity. Quick as a flash, ‘he’ gripped her wrists and unlocked the cuffs. "Go for it, baby," the whisper finally penetrated her lust-filled consciousness.

Joyce was in orbit...red, purple and blue flashes seemed to be burning -- laser-like, into her brain. She gripped Julie's firm hips and slammed her dripping pussy onto her mouth. The twin sensations of Ben's cock and Julie's tongue were unleashing mini-orgasms -- almost non stop. Joyce snaked her tongue around and around. Although she had never been with a woman, she knew exactly what reached the deepest recesses of Julie's sexuality.

Passion charged the room like bolts of lightning. The scent of sex seemed to permeate Joyce's pores. Julie ground her hips in response to Joyce's tongue. Then the mountain erupted. Lava flowed through her veins. As Julie moaned through another release, Joyce screamed...and screamed. Her body writhed as she climbed to the top of the mountain -- and then came crashing down the other side. Wave after wave of pure energy rippled up, down, and back again. Just before her eyes rolled back into her head she saw the tangled bodies framed in the mirror. ‘He’ was masturbating. Julie had rolled off and lay in a heap, curled into a fetal position. Ben's eyes were vacant, as though he was somewhere else. As Joyce's eyes closed she thought, 'We have all night in front of us.'