 Further adventures at MC

The following is true, at least as true as memory allows...My Girlfriend Tes and I enjoy visiting a motel that has been converted for enjoyment of swingers, it's a small, 25 ish rooms, motel with all the rooms made over with mirrors, faux fireplaces, provisions for swings and most rooms have either a Jacuzzi or a 'love machine' chair. There is a large room with a swimming pool, two large hot tubs and an over sized bed, this area is 'clothing optional' and is generally 95+% nude. I'm an older guy, and live out of state, Tes is mid 40s, and very sexually open. She's a curvy, voluptuous girl with 40DD tits, she says fat but I liken her to a Fijian fertility goddess. The names may have been changed to protect the fun...

This visit was a spontaneous stroke of luck a few years ago. We went to the Back to Football season opener between Denver and Baltimore on a night where Payton Manning threw seven TD passes. Mid 4th Qtr the game was essentially over with both teams trying to run out the clock, so we looked at one another and said, MC? In unison and started making our way out of the stadium. When we got to MC and got to the pool we were stunned to see only two couples in the pool area, a black guy with a white wife both working on a young woman whose husband was leaving the pool area in what appeared to be a huff. We stripped down and slid into the pool and started to play in the water, soon our playing around became sexual and we slowly fucked there in the water, oblivious to the others in the pool. When we stopped to catch our breath we noticed that we were alone, that was sort of strange to say the least...

Soon though the mixed couple returned and slid into the pool and started to play well away from us. As we both played with our respective partners and all stole glances at one another we sort of both migrated closer to one another and show off for each other as well. Eventually the four of us were side by side against the shallow wall fucking our own partners. Tes slid off my cock and patted the edge of the pool indicating she wanted me sitting there so she could suck my cock, the other couple stopped and I heard him say 'lets do whatever they do' and he hopped up on the deck beside me. The ladies moved in unison between our legs and took our cocks in their mouths. He reached over and fist bumped me...

The ladies looked over at each other and announced more or less in unison that they were cold and wanted to move to the hot tub, so we did. Once there warming up we all started to talk, they were semi frequent visitors to MC but were moving out of state the upcoming weekend so this was their last visit for a while. They hosted sex toy parties, ala Tupperware apparently, which piqued Tes' interest no end. She is a big fan of her toys... As we chatted and got acquainted he started enjoying Tes' tits and his wife started to fondle my cock as I enjoyed hers and Tes explored him. The conversation sort of lagged as we watched Tes started to suck his cock as he played with her tits. I looked at his wife and said 'may I?' and slid down to taste her pussy as she moved to the hot tub deck to afford me clear access. He stopped Tes' sucking and urged her to sit next to his wife so he could eat her as I did his wife. As the ladies breathing started to get a bit ragged I reached up to play with her tit and was surprised to find Tes' holding the very tit I was reaching for with the nipple in her mouth. No wonder my new lady friend was breathing hard. Soon though Tes released the tit in her mouth as she lay back to focus on her own impending orgasm as my new partner started to shudder and moan loudly that she was cumming. And cum she did!, Her legs clamped around my head as she pulled my face hard into her cunt and cried out. She released her legs from my head and asked for a hand up so she could sit upright and watch her guy finish off Tes' orgasm. As she slid back into the water beside me her hand went to my cock and she slowly stroked and played with it as we watched. Her other hand went to Tes' nearby tit and she squeezed and pulled her nipple before leaning over to suck on it about the time Tes started to cum. As Tes was catching her breath he helped her back into the water beside him and next to his wife. 

We resumed our chat and the ladies relaxed after their tongue lashings but before long he stood up in front of Tes revealing not only his very hard cock but also her hand tightly gripping it. His wife snorted and said something about them not wasting time recovering as Tes said simply 'nope' and engulfed the head of his cock. We watched her do her magic on that cock and as we enjoyed their show, her hand resumed its work on my cock. As it became clear he was starting to edge she patted the deck where she had been sitting shortly before and I jumped up, never taking my eyes off the show in front of me. I dearly love watching Tes sucking cock... As his wife began sucking me I noticed that both he and Tes were watching his wife intently and with that he grunted that he was about to cum, as he does, Tes took him all the way to the base as he flooded her mouth, prompting an appreciative moan from all of us. His wife took a break from my cock and kissed him before kissing Tes very deeply, clearly enjoying her man's cum in Tes' mouth. As she returned to my cock with new gusto He leaned down and, like his wife, kissed Tes very deeply, his tongue clearly probing for stray cum...

As his wife worked my hard cock Tes leaned over and grazed her nipple across my mouth before taking mine in her mouth, about then I felt a feather soft touch on my balls and heard him ask if I minded, I moaned a 'not at all' as I enjoyed the three of them working on me, as my eyes focused I noticed that while he played with my balls he was also sucking on one of Tes' tits as his hand squeezed the other. I groaned and gave fair warning and, as Tes had done with her man, she buried me to the base and took my cum in her mouth. First Tes, then her husband took turns kissing her and sampling my cum from her mouth before she turned and kissed me hard, forcing her tongue into my mouth as my cock had just been.

We all sat back and relaxed in the glow of powerful orgasms, imperceptibly migrating back to our respective partners, chatting as though we were long time friends. Too soon we said our good byes and slowly made our way home after a fantastic evening...