 Her brother had been left in charge of the large mansion house. As a senior student his college professor felt comfortable leaving him with the huge house. Cliff was well known as a responsible 24 year old, and as a Masters student had the seniority associated with maturity.

Not long after moving in Cliff had rung his little sister, Tabby, to invite her to stay for a week. It didn’t take long for the dark haired beauty to pack her bag to visit with her older brother.

The house was absolutely stunning, set in large grounds with equally as impressive neighbours. Tabby wandered through the large rooms, her eyes gazing at the valuable furnishings and art works. Each bedroom had its own bathroom; there was a large kitchen and several lounges or family rooms. One of the lounges opened up onto a beautiful swimming pool and sauna set in a tropical garden.

After stowing her things in one of the bedrooms Tabby joined her brother in one of the lounges. He was sitting casually in a pair of old shorts and a t-shirt with worn track shoes. This made Tabby smile, she always dressed immaculately. This evening she was wearing an elegant black mid-length dress with black suede high heel shoes, with gold trim. Cliff thought how beautiful she looked.

“You look kinda out of place in a place like this,” Tabby laughed. “Maybe you will improve your student lifestyle?”

“Yeah. And I wish I had the salary that went with this house,” Cliff joked back. “But maybe one day.”

The night was falling as they sat drinking wine and eating a pizza that the cheeky Cliff had had delivered. Tabby still couldn’t believe she was going to spend a whole night in a house like this one.

“Well, after you have done the dishes maybe you could join me for a sauna?” Cliff smiled at her little sister. 

“So that’s why I’m here to be a maid eh?” Tabby laughed.

“You sure would look sexy in one of those little black outfits and frilly white aprons. Don’t forget the black high heels,” he closed his eyes and mimicked masturbation with a broad grin on his face.

“Yeah, yeah, in your dreams big boy,” Tabby tossed a silk cushion toward him playfully.

With dinner over Tabby did scope up the empty pizza box and the plates. Cliff excused himself and disappeared while Tabby took the plates into the large kitchen. It only took a moment to do the few dishes and then she returned to the lounge. Cliff was nowhere in sight so she poured herself another glass of wine and sat back in the comfortable couch.

Cliff reappeared dressed in a towel. His upper body was bare, exposing his tanned muscles and the wisps of dark body hair on his chest. He certainly looked very handsome Tabby thought as he walked in.

“Well, I’m going to try that sauna out, want to join me?” he asked.

“I’m not sure,” Tabby hesitated. “I’ve never been in one.”

“Well, you go get ready. It will take a while to get the temperature right,” Cliff said.

“Are you sure?” She asked. His body certainly was attractive. She couldn’t understand why he never had a steady girlfriend.

“Sure, now off you go and I’ll meet you over there.”

Tabby put her glass down, half empty and left the room. Cliff got up and opened the doors to the pool and walked around to the sauna. He had already turned it on earlier so the temperature was right. Inside the light glowed a dull yellow and steam rose from a bowl of scented water on the coals. The atmosphere was heavy.

It wasn’t long before Tabby returned wrapped in a large white towel. Quietly she pushed open the door to the little wooden shed that served as a sauna. Cliff was already sitting in the warm, steamy surroundings. A wooden bench ran around the central coal fire. It was wider than a normal bench that allowed people to lounge back against the wall. Cliff was doing just that, his long muscular legs jutting out from beneath the white towel.

“This is relaxing,” Tabby said as she took up position next to her brother. “I could get really use to this lifestyle.” She let the towel slip off revealing her slender body dressed in a bright blue, tiny bikini. Cliff stared at her young sister, his eyes taking in every curve of her body.

“It sure is great,” Cliff added, taking his gaze away from her.

They both lent back, closing their eyes. Tabby let her mind drift to a tropical island where she was waited on hand and foot. Cliff’s thoughts centred on the tiny blue bikini and what it concealed. 

“Would you like me to give you a rub down?” He asked her, reaching for a bottle of oil he had placed next to the bench on the floor.

“Do you think that would be right? I mean you are my brother,” the girl cautioned.

“Come on Tabby, we’ve seen each other nude before. If a brother can’t help his little sister relax…”

“Ok, ok, let’s do it,” Tabby laughed.

He took the bottle and poured some of the thick shiny liquid onto his hand. Tabby turned and lay face down along the bench as Cliff started working the oil into her shoulders and neck.

“Ohhh…that is so good,” Tabby moaned as he edged down her back, using both hands to massage the oil into her tanned skin. “Yes, hmmm…”

He was in the curve of her back now rubbing the oil on her, long strokes reaching up to the thin ties of the bikini top. Then he drew his hands lower, rubbing across the rise to her butt, and then he slipped a fingertip beneath the flimsy blue fabric to massage the oil on her soft butt. Tabby didn’t react, so he pressed more of his hand inside the bikini bottoms. Now he could feel the soft round flesh of her butt, curving onto the hard hips. Tabby moaned again.

His fingers worked deeper into the crack of her ass, feeling the firm young butt and smooth skin. Gently he parted her legs, just enough to sweep his fingers past her pussy, barely touching the pubic area. There was hardly any hair; she had trimmed it well back.

Not wanting to push his luck Cliff withdrew his hands and started on each long slim leg. Using both hands he massaged up and down the slender shapes, making sure his fingers went all the way to the top, tickling her crotch through the wisp of blue material that covered her pussy.

“Ohhh…Cliff that feels wonderful,” Tabby moaned, she seemed oblivious to his hands having touched her pussy. “God, I feel so good.”

He continued to rub her legs, up and down. Then he went back to her back, rubbing along the edges of the fine hourglass figure, up to her breasts. The way Tabby was lying her breasts were well pressed to the wooden bench, but Cliff was able to slip a hand around to feel one through the fine blue bikini.

He used this as an excuse to turn her over. He stopped to put some more oil on his hand as she repositioned herself on her back this time. His hands came down on her chest from above. Tabby smiled up at his dark face as he began rubbing the oil on her chest. Then he slipped a hand into the cup of the bikini; again she didn’t react beyond a broad smile. Cliff couldn’t believe it; his hand was balanced over her firm round breast, touching the hardening nipple.

Cliff smiled back as he rubbed the oil into her breast. He held the blue top back, away from her nipple as he tweaked it in his hand. Then he replaced the bikini as he moved to the other breast. Same treatment here, peeling the material back to reveal an already hardened nipple. A smile spread on her face as his hand passed across her breast. He quietly replaced the bikini top and moved his hand sensually over Tabby’s tanned torso.

“What about you?” Tabby asked as he came to her bikini bottom again. “You could do with a rub down as well?”

“Umm…ohhh…yes,” Cliff stuttered sitting upright. “Please…”

Tabby sat up and Cliff laid back on his back. Tabby poured a little oil on her hand and began rubbing it into her brother’s legs. She smiled up at him as she stretched out, rubbing the oil on both legs at once, pushing the towel up. Her hands edged it up higher and higher. But she retreated before revealing anything and Cliff sighed.

“That was a big sigh,” Tabby said.

“Sorry,” Cliff replied.

Tabby just smiled and moved to let herself drape across him to massage Cliff’s chest. As she rubbed the oil in he started wriggling, his hands undoing the white towel at his waist. Tabby glanced down as the towel fell open. Cliff’s cock literally sprung out of the white cloth.

She gasped. “Cliff! Maybe we should stop.”

“Sorry babe. You just have this effect on guys,” he said. “I didn’t mean to shock you. After all you let me play with your tits.”

“There is a difference,” Tabby squirmed, not able to take her eyes off the big cock, waving before her.

“Maybe if you oiled my cock it would help,” Cliff smiled at Tabby.

“I don’t think so,” Tabby protested. She sat upright and looked for her towel. It was further down the bench than she realised.

“Come on Tabby, you could do this for me,” Cliff pleaded. “Just use your hand, it would take all the tension away, please.”

“Cliff, what kind of girl do you think I am?”

“One very sexy young lady with the most beautiful body on the earth. I wish you could do more than a hand-job for me, but I understand that is the way it has to be.” There was a long silence as Tabby looked down at her brother.

“No, we can’t, shouldn’t…” she said.

“Of course you can. I only want your hand. Nothing more,” he smiled.

“Well, just this once,” she relented. “But we don’t tell anyone.”

“That’s fine by me,” Cliff smiled, sitting up to give her a peek on the cheek.

Tabby took the oil and poured some onto her hands. His cock was standing up hard and erect. She looked at it and drew a breath. What a pity it was her brothers, it looked so good. With a gasp she placed her hand over the head, feeling the soft skin of the big pink helmet. Then her delicate hand slipped along the length of the shaft.

“Oh, Tabby, oh yes,” Cliff moaned as the delicate hand slipped along the rigid shaft, the veins stretched tight along its length.

The oil made a slight slurp as she let her hand slide up and down the shaft. Her eyes couldn’t keep off the head as it grew more purple in colour and a dribble of creamy pre-cum oozed from the slit. Up and down the shaft she moved her hand, watching as he moaned gently.

His eyes were tightly closed as the tension increased. His hand touched her thigh, rubbing the soft tanned leg. His fingers found the bikini ties and he released the bottoms. The hand moved around her soft trim belly to her navel. Then he let his fingers travel lower, finding the triangle of trimmed pussy hair.

Her hand moved more rapidly as she felt his cock throbbing under her movements. Her other hand found his big hairy balls. She touched each gently then cupped them in her hand.

It was getting too much for Cliff as the sweat poured off their shining bodies. The scented air was heavy and their breathing deeper and faster. He fell back on the bench, his hand pulling away from her pussy. He arched his back slightly as his balls tightened. A huge squirt of hot sperm shot from his cock. It hit Tabby on the lower body. A second got her on the thigh. The third shot arched out of him and hit his sister on the thigh near the second. The fourth and fifth were weaker and hit Cliff’s own body. Finally an oozing mass of white cream spread out of his cock, across the head and Tabby’s fingers, dripping from her hand.

“Ohhhh…God, yes,” he called out as the cum spewed forth. “Yes, Tabby, yes.”

Tabby looked down at the sticky mess now spread on her hand and fingers. The gobs of shiny cum sticking to her leg made her notice the undone bikini. She looked at it and the hot cum on her hand and smiled to herself.

Cliff’s cock was deflating now, snaking back onto his belly. Tabby lent over to get Cliff’s towel. She wiped her hands and did up the bikini as Cliff watched her.

“No harm done eh?” He asked as she stood up.

“No,” Tabby said. “No harm done.”

The next day Tabby enjoyed herself, lounging by the pool, watching some wide-screen television and generally relaxing about the house while Cliff went to school. Later they enjoyed a simple dinner together before collapsing in the large comfortable chairs with a bottle of wine.

Soon both were getting very giggly as the alcohol took effect. Tabby felt very light headed. She enjoyed her brothers company, his wit and good looks complemented her own. They had always been close.

“Tabby,” Cliff asked. “Shall we try out that sauna again?”

This suggestion shocked Tabby a little as she hadn’t expected Cliff to want to go there again after the incident of the previous night. But the alcohol was clouding her mind a little. She giggled as she replied.

“I don’t know Cliff,” she laughed. 

“Come on Tabby, let’s enjoy this place while we can. It’s not going to last forever,” Cliff responded.

“I guess you’re right, but no trouble tonight, ok?” Tabby warned quietly.

“No, no,” Cliff said. “Nothing is too much trouble for me.” He joked.

They stood up and left the lounge. This time it was Tabby who was first to arrive at the little shed wrapped in her white towel. She pushed the door open to find the sauna all set up and steam already wisping through the air. The air was thick with the smell of lavender. 

She walked in and took a seat on the wooden bench. Tabby took the towel off to use as a cushion on the seat. Again she wore the little blue bikini.

Cliff walked in a few minutes later, again wrapped in a white towel. In his hands were two wine glasses and the half full bottle they had been sharing earlier.

“Drink?” he asked as he sat down.

“Just one for me thanks,” Tabby replied. “I’ll be anyone’s after any more.”

They laughed a s Cliff poured out the wine. The next few minutes were pent continuing the chat and sharing the wine as the sweat began to pour from their bodies. The dull yellow light shone off their young skin.

“Would you give me another rub down tonight?” Cliff asked nervously. “Just like last night?”

“What do you mean just like last night?” Tabby asked, a smile across her face.

“Just to relax me. I’ve had a hard day today.” Cliff had the bottle of oil in his hand again. Tabby noticed that it hadn’t been taken out after the night before.

“Ok, just to relax you though,” she said. “No funny business, ok?”

“I won’t laugh I promise,” Cliff looked at her innocently.

She took the bottle of oil and spilled some on her white palm. He laid out on the bench, his belly pressed into the wooden bench. Tabby sat to one side of him, her slim butt half on the bench and half hanging off. Soon her hands were gently massaging the oil into his back and shoulders. A new, clean shine developed over his back as she worked down into the curve of his lower back.

“You have a great touch Tabby,” Cliff hummed as the dark haired beauty rubbed down toward the towel. “Hang on and I’ll get rid of this towel.” He moved his body slightly to wrench the towel out from under his body.

Tabby took a deep breath as she viewed his fine well-formed butt. Her long slim fingers slid over the smooth skin, rubbing the oil into his butt. She moved off the bench, kneeling on the towel on the floor. As she moved Cliff rolled himself over on his back.

As her eyes focused back on Cliff she came face to face with that huge, waving cock again. It was already as hard as rock, standing upright before her face. She found it hard to disguise her smile as she gasped.

“Cliff, I said no fooling about,” Tabby laughed.

“I know,” Cliff said, the sound of disappointment in his voice. “I just can’t help it. You are such a beautiful woman. I know it’s wrong but I just want you to touch me and make me happy.”

“Cliff, we can’t keep doing this. You are my favourite brother and I don’t want to spoil things between us.”

“You won’t. The others will never know and anyway it might make us closer,” Cliff was almost begging for it.

“I don’t feel comfortable with this Cliff,” Tabby was starting to sober up.

“Please Tabby, you don’t have to do any more than last night if you want.”

“Well, if it doesn’t go any further,” tabby said. “You do have a great looking piece there.”

“Thanks Tabby, thanks for understanding.”

With that Tabby poured out some more oil and rubbed the base of Cliff’s stiff cock. Slowly she spiralled her hand up the hard shaft, squeezing the head to let a little pre-cum squirt out which she wiped away with her oily hand.

“Please rub my chest first,” Cliff looked at Tabby.

She looked down at the hard cock and back at his face. She moved her knees so she was closer to his torso and began rubbing his chest, moving her hands around his taught nipples. She could feel his hair, matting with the oil as she slipped over the broad chest. 

All the time her dark eyes remained transfixed on the waving cock. It was like a God to her, waving in the air without flinching at all. Feeling she couldn’t resist it any more she moved her hand down over his stomach to the hard cock again. A damp feeling oozed into her bikini and she knew it wasn’t sweat.

Up and down the hard cock she worked her hand. Feeling every vein, every ridge in the hard cock. Squeezing the soft purple helmet as her hand reached the top. Then she applied both hands to the task, making them interchange as her pace quickened.

A hand found its way to her bikini bottom. The little bow tie was slipped open and the blue material slid away from her pussy. The hand rubbed across her pubic area, touching her sensitive clit and making her gasp. But she didn’t move or stop her action on his cock. He slipped his hand between her slim thighs, letting a finger run between her swollen pussy lips. 

“Ohhh…” Tabby let out a low moan as she felt his fingers run along her slit once more. Her hand started pumping his hard cock faster and faster as she closed her eyes in a dream.

“Hmmm…yes, babe,” Cliff exclaimed as he felt his cock throb in her little white hand. “That is so good, ohhh.”

Tabby could feel her orgasm building as he gently stroked across her opening, not penetrating her at all. He could feel her wetness and feel her small quivers. 

Her hand moved over his cock with slick speed now, up and down, squeezing it as she pumped. He could feel his balls starting to tighten, his cock holding back against the vigorous jerking. It wasn’t going to be long.

They were both on the edge now, and knew that each other was ready. Cliff gave Tabby’s hard clit a little tweak as his fingers slipped past her hot pussy once more. Tabby jerked his cock extra hard.

It was all over, Tabby let out a moan, flung her head back and felt her pussy contract on itself and flood with juice. Cliff felt the first spurt from his cock arch up to hit Tabby in the forearm. The second landed on his chest and the third lower down. An oozing stream of sticky cum spread over his head and her hand again, just like the night before.

Shocked at what had just happened Tabby let go of the cum-covered cock and stepped back, forgetting her own nakedness. Her hand brushed her belly leaving a trail of sticky cum. She bent and picked up the towel again, wiping her hands and belly.

“God Cliff, what have we done?” She exclaimed, reaching for the blue bikini bottoms.

“Nothing Tabby. Nothing we didn’t agree to and remember no one will ever know,” Cliff reassured.

Tabby sat on the bench and they talked. She felt better after a long talk. They left the sauna together and she showered alone before bed. 

The next night Tabby was determined that she wouldn’t be lured into that sauna. That seemed to be the root of all this evil. Although she had to admit to herself that if Cliff weren’t her brother she would have dearly loved to fuck that huge piece of manhood he carried with him. They ate together again. A simple meal that Cliff had prepared following his day at college. Again they sat back in the comfortable chairs of the lounge with a glass of wine. Tabby enjoyed these evenings with her brother. He was very intelligent and the conversation covered a wide range of topics.
