 Well, I have only had one comment so far on chapter one. Not exactly complementary....of course the commentator didn't have the stones to identify him/her self.

I'll post all of the chapters anyway. It's an opportunity to relive the first morning of the first full weekend I spent with the love of my life.

I hope someone enjoys them anyway.

----------------------------------------------

" I am so thirsty from all the heavy breathing, can I get you something to drink, Baby?" She asked sweetly.

" My mouth is as dry as a popcorn fart, Babe."

" Why do you have to be so crude sometimes?" She said as she lightly smacked my cheek.

I just chuckled, " To get a rise out of you, it amuses me honey."

" Well, it doesn't amuse me" she snapped, giving me her disapproving look. 

She stood up and pulled her pajama bottoms back up onto her hips. There was a half circle of obvious moisture on the front, right below her belly button. 

"Wow! I didn't know I had soaked myself too." She said casually as she stepped over me and headed to the kitchen.

I looked down; my shirt was soaked from my sternum to the hem. The waistband of my sleeper pants was just as awash. My raging boner was ticking straight up through the opening in my pants and bobbed with my pulse, a drop of pre cum ran down the shaft, following the trail of the drop before it. I had not generated lube like this in years. Every time Teresa and I get at it, she makes my cock drool like it belongs to a ninth grader. I didn't dare reach down and stroke it. I knew I would pop in just a couple of strokes so, I decided to let myself settle down for a while. 

Teresa came back into the living room with a beer and a wine cooler. Handing me the beer, she stepped over me and turned to sit on the couch.

"How's you elbow, Sweetie?" she asked as she raised the bottle to her lips and lowering her eyes to by bobbing hard-on. 

" The pins and needles are gone but it's gonna be sore tomorrow." I sipped the beer as I propped myself up on the other elbow.

Looking up at her from the floor, I could see that her chest was still flushed and her nipples were still hard. Her blonde hair was all tussled and fell across her shoulders in a mess she would never let anyone but me see. She is lovely and I love her so. 

I find it ironic that after my second divorce, I told myself that I was going to stick with younger chicks so, I could keep the upper hand and have my way, coming and going. It's ironic, because here I was with a woman 2 years my senior who was more energetic and exciting that the younger women I had been cavorting with. Over the past few months I had been nailing girls as young as 23 up to 37. 

I thought I wouldn't be able to find a woman in my age bracket who would have a body as fine as my second wife's was. I figured they would be all saggy and too soft. I was used to Kim's firm sleek form. She had never had kids so birthing hormones had never had their way with her. She had the body of a 20 something but she was Teresa's age.

O.K. so, I'm a superficial pig...I admit it and I have come to terms with it.

The Universe always seems to fins a way to change your plans for you and now was no different. Teresa is proof of that. 

I had joined a dating web site and posted my profile. I was surprised at how ell it was working for me. I was getting tons of communication from all sorts of women and luckily lots of them were in just the category I was interested in. I steered away from the ones who were obviously looking to fall in love and get a new daddy for their kid(s). Then there are the ones looking for a meal ticket...no thanks. 

I was checking my email on day and found a message from Teresa. " Hmm," I thought out loud. " I don't remember ever seeing a Teresa in the group I was looking at. Maybe she's brand new to the site."

I clicked on the email to give it a look and liked what I read. She said all the right things. She came across as friendly but not needful or clingy. Honest but not demanding. What I was reading looked like someone my age had written it. She said she was in to the same things as I am and I really got interested, even though I wasn't looking for a keeper at this point I had to check it out. I clicked the link to her profile and WOW! Her profile picture was too good to be true. Here was the smiling face of a dazzling blonde I could only have dreamed of and she was reaching out to me. Skepticism immediately made it's way into my head. Too good to be true, it's got to be. I read the profile text and really became suspicious when I saw that in a couple of days she was having her 45th Birth Day. 

"No friggin' way...this chick is not 45." I said to myself either she's full of it or the picture was ancient.

Looking at the photo again I could see a time and date stamp in the corner but it was too small to read. I fixed that by saving the picture and opening it back up in Photoshop to blow it up. When I enlarged the picture I was again blown away. It was taken just this past Christmas. Intrigue soon replaced skepticism and I had to respond.

At her age I knew she would be able to see right through any bullshit lines so I just let go and tried not to work her, rather be myself and see how she responded. 

The next day I got another email from her and we started to get to know each other on the web. After two weeks of swapping casual but sincere emails, she asked me if I would like to chat via instant messaging. I sent her my handle and told her I would be on line later that night.

I couldn't wait to get on line that night and see if we might really hit it off. Not two minuets after the time I gave her for me to be on, the IM window popped up on my screen.

Greg? R U there? It's Teresa.

My guts jumped and I waited long enough to not seem to eager. 

Yep, I'm here...how R ya?

The next 3 and a half hour raced by and we were hitting it off big time. 

Now, way passed my bed time I had to tell her I needed to get some sleep but that I am usually on line the same time nearly every night. We agree to chat some more the next night and said our good byes.

6 nights in a row Teresa and I swapped stories, likes, dislikes and descriptions of our grown children. I had completely blown off perusing any more dates with other women and found myself engrossed with Teresa.

I finally had to address the elephant in the room...a meeting face to face. 

So when am I going to get to actually C U?

I typed it out without warning.

How about tomorrow night? She answered as though she knew it was coming. 

We arranged to meet at a sports pub half way between us and test the waters.

I got to the pub about 5 minuets before that appointed time and waited at the front door for her. I snuffed out a smoke about 10 minuets after we were supposed to meet and began to think I was getting stood up.

I turned to look at the parking lot as she slowed to a stop in front of me. Rolling down the window, she said, " I am so sorry for being late. I took a wrong turn getting here." 

I barely heard her. I was looking at the hottest thing I had seen in a long time, sitting in a Lexus SUV. She was wearing a blood red silk blouse that clung to her bust like it was painted on.

"Greg?"

I snapped out of stupor..."No biggie, you aren't that late. It's only 10 after and it's still early."

I pointed out a parking spot right near my truck and walked across the lot. Before she could get out, I open her car door and she looked surprised. I stared dumbfounded as she got out, grabbed her purse and stepped clear so I could close the door.

"Hello at last!" she chirped happily. " It so nice to see you in person."

Again, I had to snap out of my haze and returned the thought.

As I turned to walk her to the door of the pub, she lightly grabbed my upper arm and said, "Hey, I want to get something out of the way." 

With that she leaned toward me and planted a soft kiss right on my shocked lips. Not a quick peck but a tender kiss.

The rest of the night was a blur as we talked and ate and drank.

I walked her to her car around midnight and asked I could see her again.

So now I find myself lying on her living room carpet, beer in hand, hard cock sticking in the air and still completely captivated at her beauty. 

She hadn't taken her eyes off of my straining boner as she sipped her cooler. She was looking at it like she was deciding what to do with it. We had been seeing each other almost every night and there wasn't much she had not done to or with my dick.

"I'll be right back, Babe." She got up from the couch and turned to go down the hall.

I downed the last of my beer and got up to sit in the lounge chair on the other side of the room. As I stretched out, I tucked my eager pecker back into my pants and waited for her.

When she came back, she had on a nightshirt that barely came down passed her crotch. Her nipples were poking out suspending the thin material away from her body. She crossed the room like a jungle cat approaching its prey.

Bending over the lounger, she kissed me on the lips. She tasted like a mixture of wine cooler and her own crotch. My cock quickly began to re-stiffen. Lifting my still damp shirt over my head, she began kissing my nipples and slowly worked her way down my stomach. In a fluid motion she slid her hand under the waist band of my sleep pants, over my hip, under the small of my back and effortlessly pulled them down and off.

Just above my pubic patch, she extended her tongue and gave a long slow lick, all the way up my torso and over my throat. Taking my face in her hands, she kissed me. Looking me in the eyes she grinned. 

" Are you done with your beer?" she asked.

" Uh huh" I nodded.

Licking her way back down she danced her hot little tongue around my inner thighs avoiding my hanging balls. She began blowing a warm stream of air from her pursed lips, all over my groin, making me crazy. Leaning in closer, she caressed my aching bone with her cheek and cradled by swollen sack in her hand. Extending her tongue again, she made feather light flicks on the bottom of my erection up and down several times. 

By now, I had generated a small pool of pre-cum on my belly, with a string of the slippery ooze connecting the puddle with the tip of my cock. When she returned to the head of my bone, she pursed her lips as if to blow more air but this time she bent down and slurped up the puddle of pre-cum, then licked the tip of my cock clean. Moving back up my body she kissed me, lips slightly parted and let my lube slide over her bottom lip and onto my tongue. Then she pressed her lips hard into mine and we swirled out tongues together in a pre-cum snowball. 

As we French kissed, she moved to lie beside me and wrapped her arms around me, grinding her mound into the side of my hip. Scooting over she pulled me on top of her and tried to maneuver my cock into her waiting pussy. I was having none of that just yet. I wanted to see her red lips stretched around my shaft and feel her tongue swirl around my head. 

I reached down and pulled the nightshirt over her head, knee walked up to her chest and wrapped her titts around my aching pole. I stroked between her boobs a few time as she looked down at my cock moving up and down, crushed in her cleavage. On each up stroke she stuck out her tongue to lick the tip and seemed to try to be chasing it as I pulled back.

I released my grip on her titts and grabbing myself by the base and balls, offered my meat to her lips. She didn't toy with it this time. She open her mouth and swallowed my entire 8 inches and pressed her nose into my pubic hair. Grabbing me by the ass, she gave very short strokes, keeping my swollen cock head in her throat and swallowing around it. She knows I can't take much of that so she backed off and began giving me a long stroking blow job. Getting me close to the edge several times, only to squeeze that base of my meat and stave off my orgasm.

After a few minuets she couldn't stand it.

"Baby, please...I need to feel you...I need you inside of me...please make love to me." The words so rich with accent I almost bathed her face in man chowder.

I stood up and moved to the foot of the chair. Reaching out, I gripped her thighs and dragged her to where her hips were right at the edge. She squealed from my "take charge" move and got even more excited. 

Kneeling between her spread thighs I looked down at the most beautiful pussy I had ever seen (including those in men's magazines). Gripping my tool I moved forward and rubbed the head back and forth over her rock hard clit.

She moaned, tossed her head back and pushed her hips forward. 

I backed off, repositioned and then sunk my entire length into her in one smooth motion. I held myself there, balls deep inside of her. She started cumming right away, she always does when I first put it in and hold it in deep.

When her orgasm subsided, she looked up at me, her eyes all glazed in a sexual stupor.

"Do it...Just fuck me baby...don't hold back...just fuck me and let it go...I want to feel you cum inside of me...c'mon."

With that I began to stroke slowly as she moaned in appreciation. Pulling all the way out and plunging all the way back in. Looking down, I marveled at her pink lips sliding up and down my veined shaft as I fed my cock into her.

Teresa's outer pussy is big for her size. Not like a huge gaping hole but her slit is quite long and her entire vagina and vulva area are pink. For as big as the outer pussy is the inside is incredibly tight and her inner muscles are very strong. I can feel her clench down as I pull back and relax as I push forward into her, grinding my balls into her flexing back door. 

" Fucking take me Greg... yes fuck me deep Baby...use me to make yourself cum." She was almost growling the words.

For someone who didn't like "crude" most of the time she sure had a filthy mouth when she was having sex. Her dirty pleading set me off and I picked up my pace. I was banging her now. The bottom of the chair was holding her hips so that there was no place for her to go and she had to absorb all of the shock from my thrusts. 

She started to cum again and I just kept on pounding that sweet pink snatch. " You fucking animal...that's it Baby... fuck me hard...fuck me as hard as you want!" Now she was screaming because she was cumming hard and rolling her hips back into my thrusts.

She lifted her leg up and rested the back of her knee on my shoulder. Using her calf she pulled me to her. As she pulled and rolled her own nipples between her bright red nails she looked down to watch my cock piston in and out of her willing folds. As the vaginal orgasm built, I could tell she was going to have a barnburner. At this angle the head of my cock was grinding into her G-spot and slamming into her cervix, she was headed for a monster. I doubled my speed. I was ready to cum and wanted to get off with her.

" Yea Baby...are you going to cum with me?" She asked hopefully.

Teresa cums extra hard when she knows I'm going to let go with her.

I grunted something that was supposed to be a yes and continued to jack hammer her seething cunt.

She let go of her titts and laced her fingers behind my head to pull me down so we could watch wet genitals slam together. I started grunting and she knew I was going to blow.

"Yes Greg...fucking cum with me...I can feel you getting bigger...pump that load up into me...shoot it baby, shoot it."

Her words sent me over just as her orgasm gripped her. She began to gush around my cock, just as the first powerful jet of hot semen hit her cervix. Her squirting orgasm made mine that much more powerful and I rammed even faster and harder. Every time I slammed into her, my pubic bone collided with her clit, her pussy clenched and I was rewarded with another gush of her cum bathing my cock and drenching my balls. In turn I was launching my own salvo of hot seed on each thrust. 

She was now shrieking with every, exhale, staring at the junction where we were joined. She reached down and began smearing her slick juice on my stomach then hers. The next palm full was spread across her titts and the next one she began licking off her own fingers. With one hand still behind my head, she pulled me down and fed her heaving tit to be. Squeezing it so the nipple stuck all the way out, slick with her fuck sauce. The hand holding her breast returned to her mouth and the other held me to her hard nipple. Still cumming I continued pounding her with all I had. I looked up to see tears rolling from the corners of her eyes and over her temples.

As her fingers left her mouth and she loosened her grip on the back of my head she panted " Oh God...Oh Baby...I feel your cum...so good...so fucking good...let it all go." I already had but I kept pumping because she was still releasing smaller squirts.

As we slowed to a stop, Teresa collapsed back on to the chair and relaxed her legs, letting then fall to my sides. I fell backward to rest on my knees, pulling her with me. I didn't want my cock to leave her body just yet. 

"You like being in there, don't you?" the girlish tone had returned to her voice and she was absent mindedly diddling her nipples with one hand and dragging her nails across her belly with the other.

" What's not to like Babe? It's warm and tight and right now, it's really wet too." 

She was looking at me, her expression tell me that she really does love me.