 Feel free to send me an email telling me what you liked and disliked. I even enjoy getting emails from people helping me with my grammar and technical issues! Please help point out any mistakes or spots that could be written better. My skin is pretty thick and as appreciate people pointing out flaws with my writing.

All rights reserved. No part may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any electronic means, including photocopying, recording or by any information and retrieval system, without the written permission of the author. Please make a girl happy and just ask before you post!

Please vote and send me an email telling me what you thought about the story!

Start:

Lisa reached out and grabbed Shannon's hand, "Wow, I have to say that tonight was totally amazing."

Shannon smiled, "Glad that you had a great night. Come with me as we should clean up." Shannon knew that the guys were homophobes and would freak when their own cum started to leak out of the girls. 

Shannon moved off the bed and helped Lisa climb over Bob. Then the girls went to the bathroom. Shannon turned the water, grabbed some washcloths, and waited for the water to warm up. 

Lisa started to giggle, "Taylor is running down my thighs."

"Yeah, so Bob is starting to dripping out of me."

The girls giggled and Shannon wetted the two washcloths. This was a moment for the girls to bond and grow closer. Sure they just swapped lovers but they still needed to trust each other and needed this time to clarify and make sure the other was comfortable. Shannon and Lisa wanted to keep their friendship and both loved swapping lovers and wanted to expand things more. Lisa had enjoyed a few women before and knew that the guys would love watching her eat out Shannon. Both women had agenda's and that was good. 

Both women were nude in the master bathroom and even though they have been topless in front of each other before each girl was checking out the other. Both Shannon and Lisa's nipples were hard and they were checking out the other. Shannon couldn't help it as her body became aroused. She knelt down in front of Lisa and started to clean up the cum that was leaking from her pussy. Before she could think she moved between her legs and took Lisa's lips into her mouth. 

Lisa was caught off guard but wasn't in total shock. After all she's enjoyed three women so far. Instinctively Lisa hands when to Shannon's head. Lisa knew that Shannon had never been with a woman before, or at least that is what Shannon told Lisa. Even though Lisa enjoys having sex Bob there was something missing. Sex with a woman was more sensual and erotic and would have to tell Shannon that she was happy they had crossed this bridge together. Lisa started to run he fingers though her hair. The girls become lost in their own world and forgot about the guy's. 

Shannon was over come with passion when she knelt down before Lisa. Wiping away the cum just aroused her beyond belief. Seeing another woman's pussy lips was exciting to her, and when Shannon noticed Lisa's lips were swollen with arousal she just had to eat her. This was the first time Shannon ever went down on a girl before but seeing how sexy Lisa looked she just had to. Shannon could taste the mixture of arousal from Lisa and Taylor's cum that was still leaking from her pussy. one of the only times Shannon actively tried to give Taylor a blow job was after he did her, she loved tasting herself on his cock and to feel him harden in her mouth.  

Lisa looked down and smiled at her friend. She knew that this was Shannon's first time going to "Munchieville" but Shannon quickly figured out how to give Lisa pleasure. What a night Lisa thought, first from having her friends watch her ride the toy to finally having Taylor fuck her.

Slowly Lisa started to feel it build, that feeling deep down telling her that she was about to cum. Shannon never stopped licking and sucking on her clit. Then Lisa felt Shannon slip two fingers into her pussy sending massive amounts of pleasure though her body. Shannon found Lisa's g-spot and started to massage it. Shannon has a g-spot vibrator and enjoyed using it from time to time, since this was her first time going down on another woman she wanted to rock Lisa's world.

Lisa couldn't believe the sensations she was feeling when Shannon started to massage her g-spot. She's never felt something like this before and started to lose control. Grunts, little screams escaped her lips but she didn't care or notice. She never had sensations like this before and lost track of her orgasm building until it hit her like a car going seventy miles per hour into a brick wall. Even though her eyes were open she saw nothing as waves of pleasure radiated from her pussy. She gave one loud scream when with the first wave and tried to close her legs for what Shannon was doing was almost too much to bear.

Shannon felt Lisa's legs tighten around her head and when she looked up could read the expression on Lisa's face. She knew that Lisa was in the midst of one powerful orgasm. Then she realized how wet her face was. When she turned she noticed that the guys were watching. Somehow she forgot about them but it only made scene after hearing Lisa's blistering scream when she came.

Lisa smiled, "Sorry guess I made a little noise."

Bob coughed and cleared his throat, "Ah yeah, but that wasn't little noise.

Shannon stood up even though she was still nude, "Sorry we just got carried away. I did not mean for this to happen, it's just that when we were cleaning up things happened."

Taylor walked over and slapped Shannon's ass, "Well next time I would love to watch."

After going down on Lisa, Shannon was very aroused and wanted to get some more, "So what should we do now?"

Taylor grabbed Shannon's hand and led her to the shower. They had a pretty large roman style shower that could easily accommodate all of them. Taylor turned on the water and went to grab some towels, "I think we need to freshen up.  Come on Bob grab your beautiful woman and bring her to the shower."

Shannon played innocent, "Oh, this sounds like fun. But who's gonna wash me first?" Shannon had enjoyed a few fantasies over the years about sharing with another couple but never thought it would happen. Most women were territorial and would become jealous if her husband was having fun with another men, while most men were property owners and would never allow another man to cum in his 'wife' but here the where after swapping lovers and about to take a shower together. Oh, and she couldn't forget going down on Lisa after all she would still taste Lisa on her tongue.

Lisa was glad that Shannon felt comfortable enough to go down on her and was happy that their friendship was expanding. Entering the shower with Bob she knew that her night wasn't finished. Then she remembered how Shannon asked bob to fuck her in the ass. Oh, kind of dirty and very kinky! Would this be the night? Lisa wasn't one to take it in the ass but she knew that Bob loved anal sex. Now this could be the best of both worlds. Lisa gets to enjoy Taylor and Bob gets to take Shannon in the ass.

Once they all were in the shower Shannon reached for some coconut liquid soap. She poured the soap into her hand and then started to apply the liquid on her close friends. Even though the shower was roomy they all huddled close to the shower head which meant that bodies were pressing against each other. The guys were touching both the girls while the girls were teasing the guys and touching each other. Shannon lost track on who was touching her, nor did she care; however, she was aroused to see the men rock hard.

With all the touching and rubbing both Bob and Taylor became rock hard and the girls enjoyed feeling the men. It's hard to explain, Shannon and Lisa were comfortable with each other but they still wanted more attention than the other but were willing to share their man with the other.

Lisa was aroused feeling the guys touch her and even more excited that Shannon was touching her. Lisa noticed that the guys were looking at each of their bodies and seemed to like the fact that the girls were touching. Lisa then decided it was time to spice things up a little. She moved her hands to Shannon's shoulders and guided her so that she backed up to Bob; next she reached down between Shannon's legs and guided his cock between Shannon's legs. Finally she back up to Taylor and guided his cock between her legs. 

Shannon reached down between Lisa's legs to feel Taylor's cock. She loved feeling him and knew that Lisa enjoyed having Taylor earlier today. It was kind of strange feeling him against Lisa's pussy was erotic. "Lisa, are you ready to go again?"

Lisa gave that smile that told Shannon, oh yes I'm ready and said, "If you are."

Shannon knew that Taylor would work his hips till the tip of his cock was entering Lisa, and if Lisa worked her hips Taylor would be deep in her. Once she knew that those two were taken care of, Shannon guided Bob's cock into her wet pussy.

Lisa gasped when Taylor cock started to enter her. Lisa so desperately wanted to kiss Shannon but was distracted by Taylor. His cock was much thicker than Bob's and she liked it and wanted him in her. Lisa reached out and pulled Shannon closer to her. The girls started to press their bodies into each other with the men behind them. Lisa moved forward and went in for the kiss. How would Shannon respond? 

Shannon was caught off guard when Lisa started to kiss her but she figured what the hell. Talk about one wild night! And now they all were taking a shower together with Taylor doing Lisa and Bob doing her. Shannon closed her eyes and thought why not cuz after all, she had just went down on Lisa ten minutes ago so why not make out? 

The girls lost track of who was touching who. Lisa was touching Shannon, so was Bob and Taylor while Shannon was touching Lisa and so was Bob and Taylor. No one felt uncomfortable or jealous. This was a great night, with great friends enjoying each other.

One thing that Bob was hoping for but did not push was to finally get some ass. He really wanted to try anal sex but Lisa was against it. When Shannon told him that he could fuck her in the ass, well Bob was hooked in. Being a smart man he decided not to push it tonight after all the group had tried so many new things tonight and that might be one thing to push someone over the limit. Bob decided to focus on doing Shannon in the shower and watching Taylor doing Lisa.

Taylor started to feel rather naughty watching Bob doing Shannon and he wanted Bob to cum before he did. He knew from Bob's reaction before that Bob was really turned on by the idea of doing Shannon in the ass. He decided to play that card, "Bob, so how does it feel knowing you will be doing Shannon in the ass? I've been trying to get in her ass for years but she shoots me down. I'm so jealous that you will get it."

Lisa playfully reached back and spanked Taylor as best as she could, "Shut up and fuck me."

Shannon didn't want to play the ass game and went with Lisa's lead, "Yeah give that slut what she needs." When she said the word slut Shannon pinched Lisa's nipple the way that she likes having her own nipple pinched. 

Lisa decided to reach over and feel Shannon; Lisa wanted Shannon to cum while Bob was in her. Slowly she started to work up a rhythm massaging Shannon's clit with her finger. Every now and then she would reach down and feel Bob's cock and how hard he was. When Lisa opened her eyes she knew that Bob was close and Lisa really wanted to have Shannon cum before Bob did.

Shannon not one to be outdone reached down and started to masturbate Lisa. Both women teased and rub the others clit like they enjoyed. Talk about a strange sensation and rush of emotions from feeling the others lover, having your best friend masturbate you, all the while your masturbating your best friend. The girls knew that the guys were clueless and not even paying attention since most men only care about getting pussy. sure each girl would "accidently" rub their lover cock and loved feeling how wet they were, but the girls knew that at this point in time all that the guys cared about was achieving an orgasm. And the long that this went on that is what the girls started to care about too.

The girls stopped kissing and focused on "the orgasm" as both knew it was coming. Shannon wanted to cum again cuz after all she went down on Lisa and licked her pussy till she came so she was down one. Shannon loved to be aroused and enjoy an orgasm.

Bob and Taylor were struggling to hold off from cuming, almost becoming an ego match. Both men were on the edge and found it too erotic watching their girl with another and feeling the bodies so close. 

Both women enjoyed masturbating but found it more erotica when someone was doing it for them. Lisa and Shannon both struggled trying to pleasure the other while taking it from behind. After a few moments both women could feel the orgasm start to build.

Lisa started to grunt and groan as her orgasm approached, "Oh My god Shannon, I'm gonna cum again!"

Shannon smiled, "Me too." She was able to feel the tip of Bob's cock expand and she knew that he was cuming too.

Both women started to press back hard, filling themselves with their shared lover. The sensation was too much for the guys, when they realized that the women were cuming they lost control and released. Both Taylor and Bob started to fill the others girl with his cum, and each gave one last hard slam to make sure that their lover went over the edge. 

Once Taylor turned the shower off he reached for some towels. The guys were the first out. Lisa grabbed Shannon arm and asked her to say in the shower with her. The guys quickly dried off and brushed their hair back. 

Lisa turned to Shannon, "Wow, seems like we were just here."

Shannon, "Yes, we better clean up again."

The girls did their best to clean up the others lovers cum.

Once the guys walked away Lisa turned to Shannon, "Shannon, you really want Bob to do you that way?"

Shannon tired to play coy as she didn't want to talk about it, "Ah, what way?"

Lisa blushed, "In your ass?"

"Yeah, why not? After a night like tonight guess I can be free. Before Taylor I enjoyed anal sex and we do enjoy using toys that way but you had Taylor and now you know that he's kind of thick."

"Yeah, but oh how good he feels."

"And I want to experience that with Bob."

"Yeah but you want him in your ass."

Shannon smiled, "Yes I do!"

"That is strange."

"Well Lisa we all like different things and I don't expect you to try or like it. Remember how you didn't like sushi? Anal sex is something that not everyone is into."

Lisa thought about it, "It was too painful for me."

Lisa I understand and this might not be something for you. The trick is to start out with something small and slowly work your way up. Granted, I've had a few friends that just went for it but I think that they enjoyed the pain factor. 

Lisa tilted her head, "I'm not one for pain."

"I hear you girlfriend!"

Lisa reached out and grabbed Shannon's hand, "Maybe we can have dinner and Bob can have your ass next week for dessert?"

Everyone laughed.

Taylor piped in first, "That should like a hot night." 

Shannon, "Well how about you guys come over for dinner next weekend?"

Bob giggled like a little school boy, "Okay that would be great." 

They all knew what would happen and the best part was that they all were okay with that happened and what will happen. Lisa wanted to enjoy Taylor, while Shannon wanted to take Bob. In the end, life was great!

End of part 2

Please feel free to send me an email!