 Tabby had waited nearly all morning, it was now approaching lunchtime, but finally she was standing outside waving her parent's goodbye as they drove off down the road. They had said they wanted to leave early, this wasn't early n Tabby's mind, but they were going now. Her anxiety over their departure was more a reaction to her excitement. She wanted the house to herself and now it was all hers. They were away for the whole weekend, or at least what was left of it and Tabby had the run of the house.

As soon as her father's car had rounded the corner at the end of the street she bounded inside. The telephone was her first port of call. Quickly she punched in the numbers. The phone rang. She was calling Bailey her new boyfriend. They had been going out for about three weeks. She thought he was so nice the way he always doted on her, paying for her movie tickets, drinks and meals. Now she could repay him.

Her second frustration for this long awaited moment, Bailey was busy, he couldn't make it till later that afternoon. Never mind, the time would soon pass and at least he was going to show up. There was nothing for it but to fix lunch for one. Tabby made some toast and scrapped some jam on. She sat alone in the lounge with the toast and jam.

She was right the time did pass. A knock at the door signaled his arrival at 3.26pm exactly. Quickly the young 20-year-old flung open the door. He stepped in.

"Hi," he said giving her a peek on the cheek.

"Hi Bailey," Tabby returned the greeting with a husky seductive voice. She swung the door closed behind him and turned to face him.

"So your folks get away alright?" Bailey asked. He was tall at six foot two but quite broad across the shoulders. His face was innocent looking, sweet is how Tabby described it. His hands were enormous.

Tabby moved close to his body, smiling. "Yes, they've gone at last." She put an arm around him and lent upward to kiss him on the mouth.

Their mouth's locked together in a long passionate kiss. Her moist lips felt so soft against his slightly dry lips. Their tongues began to slowly explore each other's mouth, touching like two blind snakes. Bailey's arm came up around her shoulder to pull her tighter his body. Tabby moaned as their lips broke.

He smiled at this slim tall dark-haired beauty he had in his strong arms. How sweet her hair smelt, how soft her skin, how warm her touch. He just wanted to stay holding her. She smiled, a twinkle in her eye expressing her desire as their lips met again. This time her hand reached up behind him to hold the back of his head, her other arm still wrapped around him. He too was holding her tight, one arm around her slim little waist and the other around her shoulders.

Bailey let the arm around her shoulders slip down a little, until his hand cupped one of her soft but firm breasts through the little light blue blouse she was wearing. Again Tabby moaned a little. She gripped the back of his head a little tighter, pulling him closer. Her hand slipped from his waist to his butt as the kiss went on.

Slowly Bailey was walking Tabby back toward the big leather couch in the lounge. One step at a time the two bodies moved in unison. Tabby felt her legs hit the edge of the couch and slowly she sat with Bailey following. Soon they were lying stretched out on the big couch, Tabby under his strong body.

Their breathing became shorter as Bailey slipped her blouse out of the waistband of her short skirt. His hand disappeared under the light blue material, weaving its way up to her soft breasts covered in a pretty blue lace bra. Tabby moaned and felt the wetness of desire between her young legs as he touched each mound in turn, squeezing them softly. 

Again they were kissing, their tongues probing deeper into each other's mouth. Tabby's nipples were hardening under his expert touch. She could feel the lace against the sensitive nipples, straining against the bra. The kiss was shorter this time as her hand touched his crotch, feeling his large cock stirring beneath his jeans.

"Oh, Tabby, I have waited all week for this moment," Bailey said as he looked into her eyes. "You are so gorgeous."

Tabby just smiled back as she slowly pulled his zipper down. He hadn't bothered with underwear; they had both known what this weekend was going to be about. The big hard cock sprung from his jeans. Without seeing it Tabby took it in her hands and slowly massaged the length of his throbbing monster.

Slowly he began to undo each button on her thin cotton blouse until it flopped open, exposing her breasts to him. Expertly he reached behind her, his hands burrowing between Tabby and the couch to find the clasp of her bra. She giggled as the fine blue lace went limp on breasts.

The giggle was cut off as his lips lowered to hers again, his hand touching her bare nipple as his tongue penetrated her mouth. Then he broke away from the kiss, sitting up, his legs straddling her waist, the big cock waving in the air.

He looked down on her slim body, rubbing her shoulders with both hands, looking at the perfect breasts with the lace bra still lying awkwardly across the white flesh. His smile widened as her hand reached for the big swollen cock. Her eyes and smile told him what was about to happen.

Some how the young brunette slipped out from under him and knelt on the floor beside him. She let her blouse and bra slip to the carpet as she took his hard cock in her delicate hands. Her long thin fingers worked up and down the hard shaft as she watched it throbbing before her. Then she lowered her mouth to the head, licking around the slit as Bailey moaned softly.

Then her red lips closed over the throbbing shaft, feeling its rough hardness as she let it slip further and further into her mouth. Up and down the shaft her head bobbed as Bailey reached over to play with her bare breasts. Every now and then a plopping noise would signal her releasing the cock to moan softly before resuming her sucking.

While she sucked and rubbed his hard on Bailey removed his shirt. His broad chest exposed he now reached further over the edge of the couch to touch Tabby's leg. He tried to run up under the hem of her skirt but couldn't quite reach so he returned to playing with her hard red nipples.

Feeling her desire getting stronger Tabby stood up, letting Bailey play with her breasts as they dangled in front of him. She bent over him to continue her blowjob as his hand once more wandered up under the little black skirt. 

He found her blue lace panties, wet with her juice, as he tugged on them a little. Gradually they slipped down her legs until Tabby was able to kick them off her ankles. Bailey let his hand rub gently up her inner thigh to find her wet pussy, the dark hair trimmed away from her swollen opening.

Tabby moaned as his finger touched her hard clit. She moaned again as he let a finger slip inside her. She moved again, this time climbing back on the couch so she was kneeling over his head. She could feel his finger slipping in and out of her, almost in time with her own bobbing motion on his big hard cock.

"What the hell is going on here?" The voice thundered from the direction of the front door. It was Janelle, Tabby's 18-year-old younger sister. "Mum and Dad are gone for a few minutes and you have to start…."

"Janelle!" Tabby cut her off as she leaped from Bailey's lap. "What are you doing home? I thought you were staying at Candi's place all weekend?"

"Sorry to disappoint you sis' I decided to come home early," a catty smile was appearing on Janelle's face as Bailey hauled his jeans up. Tabby was busy doing up her blouse that she had grabbed from the floor. "If you want I can go out."

"Um…no, no," Tabby blurted out, not sure what to say. "It's OK."

"Yes, sure," Bailey joined in.

"Well, I better go get changed eh?" Janelle said with a wink disappearing from the room.

A silence fell as the younger girl left. Bailey watched the younger girl go, her ass swaying in the tight jeans she wore. He licked his lips. Tabby didn't notice as she did her shirt up.

"Sorry…I didn't…what I mean is…" She stumbled for words.

"It's OK Tabby, really it is," Bailey smiled back.

"But I really wanted today to be for just us," a disappointed look came over her face. "Now it's spoilt. I wish she had rung to say she was coming back."

"Well she didn't and there's nothing we can do about it," Bailey said. "Shall we go out and find somewhere private just for us. We could go and park up somewhere and have just as much fun."

"Yeah, I suppose so, but I wanted this to be special. We've always had to park up and we never get to do it anywhere private."

"Hey guys, want something to eat?" Janelle had walked back in.

"We were going to go out for a while actually," Tabby replied, her back to her little sister.

"Um…maybe later Tabby, I think your sister was kind of hoping to join us," Bailey said nodding in Janelle's direction.

Tabby turned. Janelle was standing a few feet away dressed in a red lace teddy and nothing else. Her young breasts were pressing against the lace, her nipples already hard. Her right hand was on her thigh, rubbing slowly up toward her crotch as she smiled seductively at Bailey.

"Janelle!" Tabby cried out.

"Yes Tabby?" Janelle replied walking closer to the young couple. "I've always dreamt of making love to two people…two beautiful people." Her hand moved to caress Tabby's cheek. 

Tabby could smell her sister's perfume as the younger girl touched her. Tabby glanced sideways to where Bailey was still lying on the couch. Bailey smiled back at his girlfriend. His hand was at his jeans crotch, fiddling with the brass zipper.

"Well…" he cleared his throat. "I'm game if you are Tabby."

She didn't reply as Janelle lent forward to kiss her sister on the lips. It was a long passionate kiss. Tabby felt her heart race as her sister put an arm around her. Janelle's other hand found the buttons on Tabby's blouse and soon it was cast off her shoulders for the second time.

The kiss continued as Bailey exposed his big hard cock again. His eyes focused on the two girls as they embraced. Tabby now had a hand on Janelle's breast through the red lace teddy. He tugged on his own cock as Janelle found the zipper to Tabby's skirt. Soon it formed a black pool of material at her ankles.

Finally the kiss broke and Tabby turned to bailey, kneeling as she did. His cock was standing hard ready for her. With a smile she took it in her hands, slipping her mouth over the big throbbing meat. 

Janelle peeled the teddy away from her body to join Tabby, naked, next to Bailey. She began kissing his nipples, running her hands over his broad chest as he moaned softly.

Bailey reached for Janelle's hard red nipples, tweaking first one and then the other as Tabby sucked up and down his hard cock. Then Janelle lifted her leg over his chest, rubbing her wet pussy over his chest as she positioned herself. Her butt moved back a little as she lent forward, his tongue finding her clit immediately and making her squeal as she bent to where tabby was sucking on his monster cock.

Tabby released the cock for a moment to kiss Janelle on the lips before continuing to suck up and down his throbbing rod. Janelle kissed Tabby's cheek, ears and shoulders as her sister worked on Bailey's cock.

"Oh, yes, that feels so good," Bailey called out as Janelle started licking at his balls while Tabby continued sucking the hard cock. "Oh, please yes. God, please suck my hard cock."

He plunged his tongue back into Janelle's sweet naked pussy. The juices were flowing and he could feel the tension building in the younger girl's body. He flicked his tongue across her clit as he pushed a finger into her tight pussy. It was becoming too much for Janelle.

"Oh, Bailey, oh, I'm going to cum," she announced. "Yes, yes."

Waves of ecstasy flowed over the young girl as he pumped his finger in and out faster and faster. Her juices began to flow, her pussy clamped on his fingers and her body quivered as her orgasm hit. Her body began to relax as he slurped up her juices. A moment later and she slid from the couch, leaving a streak of cum across his chest.

"I need you," Tabby said, pulling her mouth away from his cock. "I want you now."

She stood up and moved so she was crouching over his hard cock. He held it still as Janelle guided the cock toward her opening. Tabby looked down as she lowered her body onto the red rod. She moaned loudly as it slipped into her wet hole. Bailey held his breath as he felt her tight pussy grip it.

"Oh, babe, yeah," he exclaimed. "Yes, yes, oh, fuck me please."

Tabby began to convulse her body back and forward, letting the huge hard cock to slip in and out of her pussy. Janelle lent forward and started kissing Tabby again, long and deep, her hands playing with her sisters breasts as Tabby fucked him.

All the while Bailey watched as the two girls kissed and touched each other in front of him. He could feel his balls getting tighter and his cock getting harder as his load built up. Tabby was moaning as an orgasm hit her body. She grasped her own breasts as Janelle let go, letting her sister take control.

At that moment Bailey let go as well. His cum shot up into Tabby's belly in great white gobs. His moans were loud as he held her hips steady to slam his cock up into her. Stream after stream of hot cum filled her as Tabby clamped hard on his cock.

Slowly he calmed. His cock shrunk and then slipped from her. Tabby had completed her orgasm by lying across his chest. Now they were kissing passionately as Janelle stood back. As Tabby broke the kiss Bailey signaled to Janelle to join them. The younger girl walked over and knelt next to the couch. Bailey brought his hand up behind her head and drew her lips close to his. Once they had kissed Tabby did the same.

"Come on," said bailey. "I think we all need to take a shower and maybe carry this on a little longer?"

Both girls smiled to each other.