 I didn't go to the beach looking to hook up, or not exactly, but the thought did occur to me that the best games of beach volleyball always begin with me in denim cut-offs and a canary yellow string bikini. The boys get an eyeful and never even notice me ogling them—and they're worth looking at, or most of them. Even the ones who aren't so handsome above the neck tend to be pretty ripped from there down. Of course, it would be nice if their trunks weren't so long so I could get a proper look at their thighs. One of these days Speedos will come back into fashion, and then we'll have something closer to equality. Until then, I have to use my imagination about their quadriceps and the size of whatever equipment they've tucked away under all that cloth.

In a group of ten, I knew all but two. The one I walked home with was Chad, tall and sturdy, with light chocolate skin still shiny with sweat and a hint of Venice Beach sand. Mixed race, Chad, and eye candy besides. He knew it, too, which made him a tad less attractive-but then, I wasn't planning on keeping him long. Just for the afternoon. Just until he'd fucked me into next week.

At my apartment, I offered Chad a beer, one of my palms rubbing across his chest. He accepted, then proceeded to insert the tip of his longneck Bud under the join in my bikini, as if it were a cock and he was looking for a tit fuck. It felt cool and pleasant after a morning in the sun, and I leaned into him, smiling, as he let the bottle lift the fabric so he could see my nipples.

"Mmm. You like that," he said. "I can tell."

"I'd like the real thing better," I said, and he set the beer down and slipped off my shorts like an expert. The bikini bottoms were gone in a flash—I helped with that; I adored the feeling of fabric sliding over my hips—and his shorts were next. He wasn't wearing underwear at all, which sent a little gush of heat into my pussy. 

"Where to?" I asked.

By way of an answer he spun me around and bent me over the kitchen table. I braced with my elbows and palms and pushed my ass up in the air-just a little, just to make entry a touch easier. He rubbed the tip of his cock across my cheeks once, twice, and then, with one hand to guide, he pushed himself into me.

Chad wasn't the biggest I've ever had, but he was close, and oh, my, did that first long entry stroke feel good.

"That's it," I said. "I do love a good post-volleyball fuck."

"Wish I'd known that sooner," Chad said, as he slid back and forth in my pussy. "I'd have been here months ago."

"You're here now. That'll do."

After a moment, he slowed, and I rolled my head around to catch his eye. "What's up?"

"Just thinking. You like to suck cock?"

"Sure."

"You ever sucked your own pussy juices off a guy?"

I had, and I think he could tell even before I nodded. Most guys never give me the chance; once they're in, they like to stay in. But I've licked myself off my fingers more times than I can count, and the thought of tasting myself on Chad was a terrific turn-on.

"Come 'round the other side of the table," I said, "and bring your cock with you."

"How about you just turn around?"

I shook my head, coy as a kitten. "I want to see you walk with your cock out and hard. Show it to me."

And he did, too. Maybe he was self-conscious for a second, but then he almost started to strut. It's not as if walking around my tiny kitchen table takes very long, not even with my backside in the way, but still. Chad let his cock lead the way, and it was just a gorgeous thing to see, all slick and wet, and standing up tall with just a slight curve so it aimed more or less toward the ceiling. The best thing was that it bobbed with every step he took. Sometimes I wonder how many men walk around on the streets hard, with their cocks shoved flat against their groin, held in by underwear and pants. It would be so much better-for me, at least-if they could just walk with their cocks out, whenever they felt the need. Of course, if that was how the world got on, I'd never get to work. I'd be too busy feasting.

Chad came around to my end-my face's end-of the table, and planted himself, hands on hips. I leaned forward and he leaned in, and I flicked my tongue over the hood of his cock. I had planned on taking my time-licking all the way up and down the underside of the shaft, going back and forth, caressing a bit-but he looked so delicious, and he tasted so damn good that I reared up, opened wide, and sucked him down as far as I could. Back and forth, up and down, his cock was like a three course meal and I was the gravy. Which gave me an idea, and I pulled away, letting the head of his cock exit my lips with a slurping wet pop.

"Hey," he said, "that felt great, where you goin'?"

I was standing up, on my way to the refrigerator. "Don't worry," I said. "I'm just hungry."

"Now?"

From the open fridge door, I withdrew a bottle of chocolate syrup, a supply my roommate and I never allow to run out. We both adore ice cream sundaes. To Chad, I said, "Yes. Now."

I let the fridge door close, and gave the bottle a suggestive wiggle. It felt so good to be standing there in my little kitchen, my yellow top all askew, my bottoms off and kicked away into some corner, and this tall, tall Adonis with his tall, tall cock standing right in front of me, naked as the day is long. Bonus: now that he knew what I was up to, his grin was stretching out to be a long mile wide.

"Bring it on," he said. "Bring it on."

I tipped up the bottle, and he held his cock still with one hand to either side. I gave the bottle a squeeze, and a drizzle of thick, dark brown chocolate slid out, landing first on Chad's hand and his pubic hair, then on the base of his cock, and then slowly, as I got a feel for how fast it was coming up, all the way to the tip, where I added an extra-large dollop for good measure.

"Bottoms up," I said, as I plunked the bottle back on the table. 

Oh, the sucking I gave him then. Lips and tongue, swallowing down the chocolate, licking him clean for all I was worth. He was so ready to come, I had to back off, a chocolate mustache smeared across my smiling face. 

"My turn," he said, and he reached out to remove the last of my bikini. It dropped to the floor, and I stepped closer, arching my back to offer first one nipple, then the next. Chad obliged, sucking first on the left, then the right, nursing me gently but firmly, then reaching for the chocolate sauce.

"Lie back on the table," he said.

I did, my crotch aimed forward, and he proceeded to ice me like a cake, making pretty patterns of chocolate goo from my tummy to my breasts, all 'round my nipples, then down again to my landing strip.

"What, nothing for my pussy?" I asked. "What if pussy gets the munchies?"

"I'm getting there."

Then he surprised me. Instead of bending down to feast on my chocolate-drizzled skin, he pushed his cock back into my pussy, fucked me for maybe ten delicious strokes, then pulled out.

"Chad!"

"Hold on, now. I get hungry, too."

Then he went to work. Or rather, his tongue did. He drew circles all over my body, and got his lips, chin, and chest coated in chocolate in the process. I felt like I was getting a massage, warm and precise, from his searching tongue, which-after it was done with my tits-kept working its way lower and lower, closer and closer to my pussy.

"Are you going to eat me?" I asked, and I'm pretty sure I sounded sultry without having to try.

He lifted the bottle, then lifted my legs so they rested high on his shoulders. This tipped my pussy right up, so he could see it properly; so it was set high enough that he could drizzle plenty of chocolate on without it simply running off. On went the chocolate, still a little chilly from the refrigerator. I wriggled appreciatively.

And that's when my front door opened, and in walked Krista. Now, the way our apartment's set up, you can see the front door from the kitchen and vice versa, so it didn't take anyone more than a split second for my roomie to figure out what was going on. She saw me with a last dribble of chocolate sauce landing in my vagina, and there was Chad, his cock saying a big "Hello!" to her and the ceiling. To say he looked surprised wouldn't be anywhere near sufficient.

I could only see her upside down, by arching my neck, and I said the only thing I could think of: "Hi."

My roomie dropped her backpack and let her groceries slide to the floor. She said, in a husky whisper, "Keep going. Please," and then she popped the top button on her jeans and stuck her hand down her pants.

I was more than a little surprised. Krista's been a great roommate, and we're friends, but we'd never done anything sex-wise together, and now here she was, masturbating to what I was up to on our shared kitchen table.

"Eat her for me," said Krista, still barely audible. "Put your tongue in Annie's cunt."

My cunt. My roomie just said "cunt," aloud, to me. About me. I was on fire.

I said, "Do it, Chad. Go."

He didn't need any encouragement. Lips first, tongue darting, in he went. At first he seemed a little lost, but eventually he started lapping upwards from my slit to my clit, and that felt better with every upward lick. I raised my hips to meet him, and from what little I could see-mostly the bridge of his nose-he now had chocolate syrup all over his face.

Krista had drifted closer, her left hand still rubbing up and down, almost absently, as if she'd forgotten it was there. I was sure she hadn't. Her eyes had a pleased, glassy look, as if she were hearing a favorite song. I couldn't decide what to watch. The ceiling, that was easy, and it allowed me focus on the delicious sensations between my legs, but I also wanted to watch Chad as he worked me over, and then there was Krista, who was sidling closer still, her hand moving a little faster as she came, and her eyes most definitely seeking mine.

"Hi," she said, sounding husky, halfway shy.

"Hi yourself," I squeaked, as Chad found a certain lap-and-jab combination that bumped my voice up at least an octave.

"Do you think," Krista asked, "that our table can hold us both?"

I had no idea what she had in mind, but right then I couldn't really speak. Krista took my silence as assent, or at least not a no, and next thing I knew, she'd shoved her pants down, panties and all, in one long, liquid motion. She stepped out of what was left of her bottoms, and clambered up onto the table. Chad hesitated, wondering what she was up to, and his eyes fixed on Krista's pussy, which was shaved, like mine, into a landing strip. Krista's, however, was softer and sparser and a teasing Irish red. I could tell, because already Krista was on her knees, straddling my face, and as I looked up and back to see what she was up to, she lowered herself directly onto my face.

"Annie," she said, as she settled over my lips, nose, and eyes, "I'd like to introduce you to my hot, wet cunt."

I must say, I loved the introduction. I'd only gone down on a girl once, and I'd been the one on top, or at least in control, but here, Krista held all the cards. She knew enough not to suffocate me, but there's no question that what I had was a face-full of pussy, and I was delighted to discover that it tasted better than the other girl I'd sampled-Wendy something or other, she was drunk, I was high-and a good deal sweeter than I tasted myself. Possibly this wasn't strictly true, because most of my senses were on overload, what with Chad munching away on my wet puss, and Krista rubbing herself back and forth over my nose and chin.

In reply to my roomie, I did try to say, "Pleased to meet you," but it came out as something more like a gurgling swallow, and after that, I did my best to concentrate on my work. And no kidding, it was work, keeping track of Krista's twat and her needs, while at the same time giving myself over to Chad's ministrations. Sure, I'd counted on an exciting afternoon, but this was starting to feel like homework.

Of course, as homework goes, this was pretty much Heaven.

Next thing I knew, Chad stood up. He let out a satisfied noise, half grunt and half sigh, and leaned closer to my pussy, his cock aiming straight for glory. I didn't have to spread my legs-after having his face down there for so long, they were already plenty wide-but I lifted myself as best I could to let him in. He made a delightful squelching noise as he pressed home, and raised my legs straight up along his chest so that my heels rested on his shoulders.

Krista took care of her own introductions. "Hi," she said. "You can touch, if you like."

I felt, rather than saw, her arch her back. Chad must have reached out a hand, and I suppose he brushed one of her breasts, as Krista shivered suddenly, a sensation I could feel right to the tip of my tongue.

Poor Chad. He'd been a trooper up 'til then, but this was too much, and with a kind of strangled grunt, he came hard and fast, five quick strokes, uh-uh-uh-uh-uh, and then he went limp as a rag doll.

"Whee," said Krista. "That looked good."

"Thanks," said Chad. "Sorry."

"Oh, no." That was Krista again. "Did Annie not get to come?"

"Not yet," I said, my lips about a half an inch from Krista's musky pussy. "But it wouldn't take much."

"I thought it wouldn't," my roomie replied, and she leaned forward, braced herself on her elbows, and dipped her chin until her mouth was as close to my pussy as mine was to hers. She inspected me for a moment, then said, "I get the better deal. I get to clean you up."

Chad groaned-he might have said, "Oh, fuck"-and Krista leaned closer for her first kiss. I think with every other lover I've ever had, I got a kiss on my other lips first-my regular lips. Not Krista. She was all business, and while it couldn't have been easy on her knees, the next thing I knew we were in a delightful sixty-nine, and I was caressing her head, her soft, wavy hair, with the inside of my thighs.

"I gotta tell you," said Chad, "you two look unbelievable."

"Mmmph," said Krista, and kept right on making out with my cunt.

"Normally, it takes me a bit to get hard again. But right now? No sweat."

At this, Krista let go of our Sapphic lip-lock and glanced over to Chad. Buck naked, he was indeed getting hard all over again; when I leaned to the side, I could actually watch his cock swell, which it did in spurts, timed to his pulse.

"Good," said my roomie. "'Cos once I'm done here, I want you in my mouth, my pussy, and my ass. Not necessarily in that order."

Poor Chad. He didn't require a second invitation, but he did have to wait for what must have been five minutes as Krista and I teased each other to a rolling wave of gentle orgasms. What he did all that time, I don't know for sure-I was much too busy to look, and let me tell you, getting eaten out while tonguing a partner does require some concentration-but when I finally glanced over at him, he was perched on the counter with his left hand on his cock, stroking away. When Krista said, "Okay, that was nice," and slid her feet down to the floor, he was on her in a heartbeat. He caught her around the waist and half-pulled her to the couch. It wasn't that she resisted so much as that her leg muscles were wobbly from having crouched so long on the table top, and she all but staggered along, looking as tipsy as could be.

Chad lay down on the couch with his head toward me and his feet toward the door. Krista, with a fine display of last-minute coordination and grace, straddled him and sank her pussy down onto his waiting cock.

"Aaahh," she said, as he slipped into her. "Just what the doctor ordered."

She rose up on his cock, then dropped down, then repeated the movement. She sighed, looked over to me, and said, "How I'm going to explain this to Danny, I really don't know."

Danny, of course, was her boyfriend. They were together a lot, but I hadn't ever thought of them as necessarily serious.

"How much will he care?" I asked. "I mean, is he the jealous type?"

Krista rose and fell on top of Chad, considering. "Mostly," she said, "he'll be jealous that he missed out. On you, of course," she said, grinning slyly at me, "'cos he's wanted to bed you since he first saw you, but I think Chad, too. Danny's been talking for a while now about wanting to learn how to suck off another man."

That had my attention, that was for sure, and Chad? He just about bucked Krista off the sofa. "For real?" he said. "He said that?"

"He didn't mention you by name, if that's what you mean," said Krista. "In fact, do I know your name? I don't think we've been properly introduced."

"I'm Chad," said Chad, and for a man with pretty dark skin, he sure did have the cutest way of blushing.

"Krista," said Krista, and she gave her hips an extra waggle on the downswing. "I'll assume you know Annie's name. That's Annie over there. But I think from now on, we should really call her Annie Cunt. Would you like that, Annie? If from now on, when it's us three together, we call you Annie Cunt?"

I swallowed. Somehow two of my fingers had drifted down between my legs and were getting busy all on their own. "Yes," I said, in a voice that was probably not much more than a whisper but felt all the more definite for that. "I might want you to call me that all the time."

"Careful what you wish for." Krista winked at me, then gave Chad a poke in the chest. "We might need a nickname for you, too."

"Whatever you want."

"I'll have to think about it," Krista said, and then she turned again to me. "Annie Cunt, she said, sounding put out, "what are you doing way over there? Get over here and sit on poor Chad's face."

Like Chad before me, I didn't require a second invitation. Not that I needed one; Chad had been my find, after all. My particular trophy. I sashayed over to the couch, enjoying the idea that I had two hungry lovers to sashay for, and, by leaving one leg on the floor and crooking the other on the cushions behind Chad's head, I got my pussy in a fine position for yet another slurping snack.

"So obedient," murmured Krista.

"Head over heels in lust," I said, determined not to be outdone in the conversation department. "Chad, honey, are you going to be able to keep fucking Krista if you're busy tonguing me?"

He assured us he'd try, and he did a pretty fair job. Sex with two is a lot like playing the drums, or maybe juggling; you have to concentrate on more than one thing at a time, all the while keeping your eye on the big picture. Not that Chad was about to admit it, but I don't think he had a lot of experience with two partners simultaneously. Was it bad of me to wonder how he'd handle three? And would he stay turned on if one of the three was, like him, male? I hoped so. Krista's boyfriend was very easy on the eye, and he'd definitely given me the once-over a few times, especially early in the morning when he sometimes found me in the kitchen, making coffee in whatever I happened to be wearing at the time: shorty pajamas, a nightshirt, a bathrobe, or, once - perhaps intentionally - only a thong. Hey, it was my apartment, right? I could wear what I liked. Plus, it was fun to hear Danny and Krista fucking like wild things not five minutes later. It was such a fine-tuned turn-on to know that I'd caused their sudden bedroom rumpus.

I confess that after all that, we pretty much fell asleep.

I awoke to the feel of fingers between my legs, searching, stretching, working toward my pussy, inserting slowly, dipping and retrieving, in and out, growing wetter as I roused myself to wakefulness. Whose fingers? It hardly mattered. I knew I was home, and nude, and that either Krista or Chad was making love to my pussy, and I didn't much care which.

I realized I could smell myself, a sensual musk that thickened as the fingers ratcheted in and out of my puss.
