 The Fernlands Festival was held every two years. This was the first one that Tabby and Cliff had ever attended. It was a typical sex, drugs and rock 'n roll event, a hang over from the Woodstock era. Some local bands propped up by the usual radio station hype and clever marketing had allowed this festival to carry on with little change over the years.

Most parents didn't allow their young off-spring entry to the three days of mud, beer and fun. Hence Tabby had never been before, but now at the age of 20 there were no controls holding her back. There were always that hardcore of supporters who turned up year after year. Tabby's friend Lana and her boyfriend Chris had invited her and Cliff this year, along with Brian and Stephanie. All of the others had been before.

It had been Chris who suggested arriving early to get the best camp spot. At mid-day on that first day the festival organisers made up most of the crowd. It was slowly building and the six young friends were able to pick their spot as Chris had said.

He picked a place on a small rising hill to one side of the main area. The elevated site was some distance from the main stage but it did give excellent views down across the gathering crowd to the river beyond. The river provided the main bathing opportunity for the 15,000 expected 'guests'. Behind them the hill flattened out to the main exit. The food and craft stalls were up there and the toilets further along the ridgeline, behind a row of large pine trees. The setting was peaceful, at least for now. In a few hours the crowd would be large and the bands loud.

Working together the six friends had their two tents (one for Chris, Lana, Cliff and Tabby and the other for Brian and Stephanie) erected and were sitting back with a cool beer to watch the other groups arrive. Tabby thought this was great entertainment in itself as people jostled for the best spot, fought over the erection of their tents and meandered around the grounds in the hot summer's heat.

As the afternoon wore on and the camp started to take shape, turning into a mini-city, the friends helped some neighbours with their tent, but other than that they derived much amusement from the activities all around them.

The beers flowed steadily, as they had all expected. The heat and the alcohol added to general light-hearted atmosphere. Chris found a set of binoculars in his camp bag and soon these were being passed around as freely as the beer. As could be expected the three males were busy spotting the scantily clad females that now paraded about the large open field, including one or two topless ladies.

The girls, jokingly, whipped the binoculars away as the comments became more lurid when a lady took the fancy of one of the guys. Then it was their turn to spot some muscular tanned male with a cute butt. The laughter and banter continued in this vein for quite a while. 

As the campsites developed the views became more obscured. They settled back to making observations closer to home. The binoculars were reserved for quick looks to confirm someone's suspicion about something. It was while she was doing just that that Tabby noticed the dark SUV parked down the hill further with a tent attached to the back and two orderly queues of people streaming in from either side. "What's with the dark van in the middle?" She asked no one in particular keeping the binoculars to her eyes.

"Whereabouts honey?" Cliff asked.

"Down there," she pointed, "Next to that orange tent and beside the tent with the red and white flag."

"Oh, yeah, I can see it," Cliff said standing next to his girlfriend.

"Where?" Lana asked, craning her neck to try and see.

"Down there," Cliff pointed.

"That, oh, it's called The Queue," Chris smiled as he took a look.

"Where?" Lana asked again.

"You know about The Queue," Chris said gazing down the hill.

"See the red and white flag," Tabby said, trying to help her friend find the spot. "What the hell is this Queue thing? I thought you queued for everything here?"

"You do," Stephanie chipped in, a wide smile on her face.

"The Queue is special though," Lana grinned.

"Come on guys what is it?" Tabby asked again as she watched through the binoculars. "There are guys queuing on the left and girls on the right. Is it some kind of toilet or something?"

A titter of laughter went through the others, although Cliff didn't know what he was laughing at.

"Everyone visits The Queue at some point over the weekend," Brian smirked. Stephanie gave him a strong dig in the ribs. "Well, it's true. I seem to remember you made more than one visit last..." He didn't finish the sentence as Stephanie batted him playfully across the head with a towel she was holding. 

"Is no one going to tell us?" Tabby said dropping the binoculars and leaning back against Cliff's strong body as he enveloped her in his arms.

"You should go and find out Tabby," Brian smiled, getting another friendly batting from the towel for his comment.

"It's simple," Lana said. "It's like a game, an adult game." She winked at Tabby, but the tall dark haired beauty just looked back quizzically. "You see the big tent set up behind the SUV?"
 Tabby looked down toward the vehicle in question. A long ex-military olive drab tent stretched out behind the vehicle for a few metres. "Yes." She responded.

"Well what happens is," Lana was searching for a way of telling her.

"It's a kind of swinger's sex game," Brian chipped in as Lana paused.

Cliff slipped a hand inside his girlfriend's white bikini top. He had kind of worked out what was happening from the comments and he was already turned on. Tabby could feel his stiff cock stabbing her soft round butt through his shorts and her bikini bottoms. "Hmmm," Cliff hummed in her ear, smelling her sweet perfume.

Lana had sat back in Chris' lap and the talk had obviously had an effect on them as well. The alcohol had removed their inhibitions and the talk was getting hot.

Lana actually blushed as she went to continue. "You get in one of the queues, either the male one if you are guy or the female if you are a chick." She stated the obvious to lengthen the process. "Then when your turn comes up you go into the back of the SUV and meet the guy coming from the other side. It's totally random. Then you get half an hour in a room in the tent together." With that Lana blushed.

"And that is when the real fun starts," Brian started. Stephanie again stopped him.

"Some people don't do anything," she said. "Just talk."

"Boring!" Exclaimed Brian tickling Stephanie's bare belly below her halter top.

Chris was now kissing Lana with a long sloppy wet kiss, his hand cupping her breast as she twisted back to meet his lips. Tabby felt Cliff's fingers slipping over her hard red nipple, inside the soft white nylon of her bikini. The sun was starting to go down now and the heat would soon be gone.

"Well, it's true," Stephanie said, her face reddening.

"So what were those noises I heard coming from your room last time?" Brian quizzed.

Stephanie went quiet. It didn't matter the other two couples weren't paying much attention. Lana and Chris were still locked in their kiss, now Lana had a hand snaked up the baggy leg of Chris' shorts. Tabby was leaning back into the hard cock that bumped her butt as Cliff felt her breast.

Group sex wasn't unusual for these friends. They had seen it all before and done most of it as well. If not on these summer camps then at New Years parties, campus parties or just whenever the mood had taken them.

None of them blinked an eye as Cliff undid the strings holding Tabby's white top to bare her small firm breasts. It seemed to flutter in the breeze as it fell to the ground. Tabby turned to face Cliff, kissing him deeply, feeling his tongue darting into her moist mouth.

Lana had Chris' large throbbing cock out now, in her hand, stroking it as they kissed. He was emitting light cooing sounds as they embraced, and as they touched he undid the clip holding her bikini top up. It immediately fell loosely around her neck, exposing her firm young breasts as well. Her hand moved up and down the hard, stiff cock while he played with her small round breasts.

As Chris moved Lana so he could lie between her thighs Stephanie knelt at Brian's feet. She pulled his shorts down, his large hard cock springing out. The sexy brunette took the big hard cock in her mouth, licking and sucking it. Brian held her head in place with one hand as he shut his eyes as if praying.

Cliff tugged the bow at the side of Tabby's bikini bottoms and the white nylon shed from her body. A little dark tuft of hair was visible at her crotch as she reached down for Cliff's shorts. Soon they too were on the ground and he stood naked, holding his girl close.

The sun was sinking low in the sky now. Lights were starting to come on around the growing campsite. The shadows were long and grey. The group of six friends were shielded by this twilight and the arrangement of their tents. But still the odd person walked by, getting a view of the orgy in progress.

Tabby was on her back on the grass with Cliff easing his cock in and out of her wet pussy, slowly. Tabby moaned softly with each stroke. Cliff kissed and played with her nipples. Tabby could feel her orgasm rising.

To one side Lana was also being fucked. Chris was thrusting up into her with more vigour, his large cock stretching her pussy wide. Stephanie was the only person still fully dressed as she gave Brian a blow-job. Her head bucked back and forth on his big throbbing cock.

The sloppy sucking sounds of sex were the only noises apart from the odd moan and slap of bodies as the girls took the cocks deep. The warm summer air carried the smell of their love making across the camp. Nobody cared, there were other couples all around the site doing the same thing or contemplating it. 

It was Cliff who shot his load first, pushing deep into his girl and firing a wad of hot cum deep into her body as she grasped him close. Chris was not far behind as Lana pulled him into her with her long legs twined around his back. There was a delay before Brian fired a load of cum into Stephanie's waiting mouth, she sucked and licked until it was all swallowed.

The six sat back on the grass, naked except Stephanie, satisfied and smiling. There was just enough light to be able to see the scene for a last few minutes. Everything looked dark and grey now, an odd light illuminating a tent or caravan breaking the still air. The camp had a slight hum of activity about it, but it was generally peaceful. 

Below them the big stage was brightly lit, ready for the first act that would start in about an hour. They would have enough time for some more fun in the tent before it started.

"Come on," Chris said, standing up and holding out a hand to Lana.

The blonde stood, picking up the halves of her bikini and her man's shorts. She just smiled as he led her into the tent.

Tabby followed suit, standing, wiping some loose grass from her bare, firm butt and then bending to pick up the discarded bikini. Cliff brought his shorts and the binoculars as he too stood. Brian was next and Stephanie last as they filed into the dimly lit tent.

"Well that was a nice start," Chris said once they were all seated on the set of airbeds that covered the floor of the tent.

"Sure was," Brian agreed. "I always think a kiss and a cuddle is good for the health." His cock was standing erect again as he spoke.

"What do you mean a kiss and cuddle?" Tabby asked. "A good fuck is what I wanted."

"Well, you got your wish then," Cliff joked.

"I don't think Stephanie did," Chris smiled. He too was sporting a huge hard cock again.

"Hey, we don't all have to rush things," Stephanie protested. "Besides I had my desert first." She licked her red lips in defiance.

"Oh, and you aren't hot for a little of this," Chris grinned, rubbing his hard cock on her bare thigh below her shorts.

"Hmmm," Stephanie hummed as she reached down to the big swollen cock. Brian smiled as he watched her stroke his friends cock.

"Guess I need to get myself ready," Stephanie smirked undoing the tie at the neck of her halter top.

"Here darling, let me help," Brian said moving closer to help her out of the top.

Chris lent toward the dark haired beauty and kissed her on the neck. Stephanie gave a little hum again. Brian was busy undoing her shorts. She raised her butt as he slipped the tight shorts down her legs leaving her sitting in a little light blue lace thong.

Tabby and Lana watched as Chris started to kiss Stephanie on the lips, passionately, his hand cupping her bare breast, feeling it, squeezing it. All this time Stephanie didn't stop stroking Chris' big hard cock, feeling it throb in her hand. Both girls smiled at each other as Chris let Stephanie feel his body.

Just as the kiss was breaking Lana felt a hard cock against her back. It was Cliff rubbing his cock up and down her smooth skin. Lana glanced back over her shoulder and smiled. As she turned back Tabby lent closer and kissed the tall blonde. The kiss was full and their tongues met as their lips locked together.

Tabby dropped her hand to Lana's crotch, feeling the dried cum from her earlier fuck with Chris. The dried crust soon gave way as Tabby penetrated her friend with two fingers. They remained kissing as Cliff stood and now rubbed his cock on Lana's neck.

"Ohhh..." The moan came from Tabby as Brian moved between her legs his tongue finding her swollen hard clit. He licked up and down her slit, making her moan again as he found her clit.

Chris had moved Stephanie forward on her hands and knees. He had slipped the crotch of her thong to one side and his cock was hovering at her pussy entrance. Stephanie reached back to guide him as he moved forward. His cock entered her fresh, wet, hot pussy with ease. She let out a low groan and sank onto her elbows as he started to thrust into her. Each stroke wobbled her breasts as she pushed back against him.

At their left Lana was busy with Cliff's hard cock now, sucking it in, her head bobbing backwards and forward on the shiny wet shaft. Tabby had moved so she could bend over her friend to lick at her pussy, tasting Lana's beautiful slick juices. This left Tabby's bare butt stuck in the air for Brian to penetrate with his long thick cock.

Tabby had never had anal sex before but Brian was an expert, not forcing his cock in too hard. He had smeared some KY over his cock first, it was something he always carried. In and out he slipped, massaging the brunette's back as he fucked her butt.

Again it was Cliff who shot his load first. Lana clamped her mouth shut tight as he fired his sperm deep into her. For some reason this heightened her own orgasm as she started bucking against Tabby's face almost as soon as Cliff had pulled back leaving a dribble of cum on her chin. That seemed to send a chain reaction through the group with Brian firing a wad of white spunk into Tabby's butt and Chris cumming moments later in Stephanie. Stephanie was last with a shuddering moan as she clamped hard on Chris' already shrinking cock.

The six fell to the soft airbeds giggling and smiling. This was the start they had all hoped for. It was going to be a great weekend.

After they had rested for a while, talking about nothing in particular and sipping on some more beers, the girls got up and walked the short distance to the mobile showers that had been set up. They returned clean, dressed and ready for the night's entertainment. The guys had done the same shortly after the girls and now all six walked down the slope to the stage.

As they passed the Queue van Tabby slowed. The line was still there. Not very long, maybe a dozen guys and less girls. But there always seemed to be someone joining it. All kinds of people were lining up and they all seemed quite happy and jovial. Tabby had thought it would be made up of mainly sleaze balls and chicks with no other way of snaring a guy, but that wasn't so. There were all kinds of people. Some were a little sleazy or not good looking or not Tabby's type. Then she saw Jenny, a girl she knew from school, she would be 20 now too. Jenny was a real good-looker, a cheerleader and a prom queen Tabby remembered. 

Finally they reached the stage just as the first act was finishing its first song. They stayed for hours, dancing, drinking, smoking a little dope and meeting other friends. Tabby saw Jenny again later in the evening.

"Hi Jenny, long time eh?" She greeted her old friend.

"Yeah," said Jenny. "How are you Tabby?"

"Great," Tabby yelled above the din. "Hey, I saw you at the Queue thing before."

"Yeah, it's a bit of a blast," Jenny grinned and nodded. "It's something different eh."

"Oh," Tabby said. "I haven't been here before but everyone talks about it."

"Yeah, you should try it," Jenny laughed. "Hey, I have to go my man is waving for me."

"Ok, see you later."

With that Jenny was gone. Tabby stood for a moment with a puzzled look on her face.

The group carried on into the small hours of the morning. Tabby couldn't really remember how she got back to the tent, but she did. There was more sex, Brian again and then Cliff. Then she fell asleep.

It was mid-morning before the camp noise woke her. She rubbed her eyes, felt her sore pussy and the crusty sperm that covered the trimmed hair around the opening. It was uncomfortable. Nothing a long shower wouldn't fix.

Slowly she dragged her naked body out of the sleeping bag. There was no one else around. The others were already down at the stage listening to music and visiting the food stalls.

The shower was great. There weren't many others around and she lingered longer than she should. Then she dressed in her short blue sundress with white dots and her brown leather sandals. Underneath she had her white lace panties and white lace bra. That would be sufficient in this heat.

It was time to join the others. Her first stop would be the stage area, and then she would get a drink at one of the stalls. As she walked down the hill again she passed the Queue, this time on the male side of the van. As she passed she almost missed him as she wasn't paying as much attention as the night before. Three from the van was Cliff, her Cliff. 

He hadn't seen her. She gasped as she watched him shuffle forward as another man disappeared ahead of him. He was going to try his luck with a random girl. At first a jealous flush passed through her, then Tabby smiled. No, he should have his fun, after all she intended to.

With the smile on her face and the thought in her mind she walked on. First she got a coffee at one of the stands. Then, she couldn't help it, she walked back to the Queue. Cliff was the next in line. Tabby stood back, hidden from his view. Then she grinned again. She walked around the van to the female side. A thin 30-something was waiting next in line. Quickly Tabby positioned herself so she could see both queues. Sure enough a moment later both Cliff and the older woman disappeared into the van.

Her coffee finished Tabby tossed the paper cup into a nearby bin. Cliff was still inside the tent at the rear of the SUV. Confidently Tabby walked to the back of the woman's queue and stood in line. There were only seven women in front of her and this reduced to six within a few minutes. Another stepped under the flap that guarded against prying eyes and Tabby moved forward. 

Another young woman joined the queue behind her with a friend. They giggled and talked nervously in hushed tones about the excitement of what lay ahead. Tabby glanced around nervously at the passing people, hoping none of her friends could see her. She folded her hands across her chest as the queue moved forward again.

Tabby was now only four away. The flap opened again. A hand held it open as another person ducked in. She was third. For a moment she thought about leaving her place. The giggles coming from the two behind her gave a strange reassurance. This was for fun after all and if it was good enough for Cliff, well why not.
