 Tabby and Cliff arrived together at the parking lot as usual after lunch on the Saturday. This is where the young people of the area gathered to plan their evening activities. Soon Cliff was talking with his football buddies while Tabby stood by his side. They joked and talked about the big final to be played that day. It was then that Matt, one of the football team, suggested that they all go back to his place to watch it on television because his folks would be out.

After a quick discussion it was decided that would be a great idea. Tabby looked at Cliff, all afternoon watching football and her the only girl. He gave her a peck on the cheek and promised to take her to a cool club after the game if she would let him join his buddies. Reluctantly she agreed, explaining that she wasn’t coming along just to fetch the drinks and food for the others.

Matt didn’t live far from the parking lot so they all arrived close together. There was much laughter and fun as they entered the house. It had a large comfortable lounge with a range of couches and easy chairs. The boys all dashed to get the best seats in the house. Cliff and Tabby were left with a large three-seater couch at the back of the room.

As the perfect host Matt had soon found drinks for everyone. A large gin and lemonade for Tabby, beers or whiskey for most of the boys, all courtesy of his father. The television was turned on, but the game was still two hours away. Again there was much joking, team analysis and guys talk. Matt kept the drinks coming.

Cliff felt really good sitting next to his dark haired beauty of a girlfriend. Gradually his guard was reduced by the alcohol as was Tabby’s. Their lips met, he held her tight as they kissed and necked away from the general glare of the others at the back of the room.

Tabby turned her body into his as their kisses grew more passionate, he stretched out, exposing his denim covered crotch. Tabby felt her hand go instinctively toward the zipper, forgetting the activity in the room. She rubbed her long pale fingers over the growing bulge as she fumbled for the brass zipper. Their eyes met and she saw the large smile on his face as she slowly drew her fingers down. The blue denim peeled away from his crotch.

Her long fingers, the nails painted in shiny red polish, slipped inside to find the long stiff cock lying beneath the white boxers. Cliff moaned as she stroked it. Again their lips met as she worked her magic. Up and down the throbbing shaft her hands moved.

“And what is going on here?” A cheerful voice chirped. It was Bob, another of the footballers. He was grinning as he filled Tabby’s glass again. “My, my we are enjoying the afternoon.” He winked and wandered off.

Cliff had brought his legs together and Tabby pulled back from her stroking when he spoke. Neither could answer Bob. As he walked off Cliff smiled broadly, almost letting out a chuckle. Tabby just turned back to her man, her hand returning to his massive cock. Once more they kissed as the dark haired raven stroked his manhood. 

She shuffled in a little closer to his body as he reached for her jeans. The big brass buttons on her button-up jeans popped open one at a time under his skillful fingers. They felt each others warmth as they kissed. His hand slipped inside the denim to find a pair of lacey black panties. Gradually he edged a finger inside the damp crotch. He knew what turned her on, rubbing her clit and inserting a finger at the same time. Tabby broke their kiss to let out a low moan. 

The couple seemed more excited by knowing they were playing with each other in the company of others. Certainly Cliff was as hard as he had ever been. The way Tabby lay into Cliff’s side protected them slightly from the gazes now coming from some of the others. To the young pair it was if they were in an empty room.

So involved in their mutual masturbation were they that neither one noticed Bob return to sit on the couch on the other side of Tabby. He sat quietly watching the two lovers out of the corner of his eye. Tabby gradually released Cliff’s straining cock from the white boxers. Even Bob gasped at the size of the monster, it’s red, pulsing head waving in the air as Tabby controlled it again.

Feeling the heat of his new position, Bob unzipped his own jeans, exposing his own big cock. Since discovering the couple earlier he had been unable to take his mind off the scene, now he was part of it. He ran his hand along the length of his big hard cock, holding the head up proudly. Then he began a more vigorous stroking of the huge member.

Bob was no stranger to this situation. That is why he found it so easy to boldly sit there with his cock in his hand. A year ago he had sampled a similar situation with another friend and his girlfriend. He had enjoyed that day with Andrew and Melissa so much that now this opportunity had to be explored.

Without a word Bob placed his free hand on Tabby’s hip, letting it slide across her butt. The brunette gave a startled jerk at first but then looked back across her shoulder to see the large frame of Bob sitting there with his cock in his hand. A smile spread on her face. He let his hand rest on the soft but firm young butt.

Tossing her hair back she moved her body position a little. Now she could lean forward to Cliff’s large cock and take Bob’s in her hand. This meant that Cliff would get a blow-job now. Cliff moaned as the new scene revealed itself and Tabby’s face moved closer to his hot cock.

Slowly her lips opened and began to engulf the huge throbbing cock. Gradually her mouth slipped down the rigid, pulsing rod to the base. Her tongue worked its magic, licking around the stiff shaft as she went. Her hand moved quickly and lightly up and down Bob’s equally large cock despite it being beyond her line of vision.

In this position Cliff could not get at Tabby’s sweet, wet pussy. She was still part lying into him, but now her head was in the way. Bob sensed the irritation for the girl pleasuring him. His hand crept slowly over her hip to the opening in the jeans. A few moments later Tabby was moaning as she sucked her boyfriend as Bob finger fucked her hot pussy.

Now the action on the couch was becoming too hard to ignore for the other youths. Alex and Dan were the next to move over to the couch. At first they stood back admiring the scene, especially the view of Tabby, her legs slightly apart, despite her position, and the black lace panties being held away from her pink pussy lips by Bob’s big hand as he pushed rhythmically in and out of her pussy.

It was the big blonde, Alex, that finally moved forward, slipping to his knees in front of Tabby. He quickly undid the laces on her trainers and pulled them off. Not once did Tabby look up from her steady work on Cliff’s huge cock, nor did she relax with Bob either. Dan just stood there watching, the bulge growing large inside his khaki pants. He rubbed his cock through the thin material before unzipping his pants and producing a long thin cock to tug on.

Alex was now pulling on the legs of Tabby’s jeans. The brunette lifted her butt a little to allow Alex to slide the tight fitting pants over her shapely hips. The blue denim quickly slid to the floor leaving her exposed in the black panties and white cotton socks. He stood back to admire his handiwork as the threesome continued to finger, suck and tug on each other. Alex glanced at Dan who had moved a little closer and then he too pulled his cock from his pants and started to rub it into a hard erection.

The tallest boy present, Tony, now joined the growing group. Standing with the other two new-comers he pulled a short but thick cock from inside his pants and began stroking it in short stabbing motions. Not to miss any of the action Matt also paraded in front of the couch, his cock in his hand and his jeans down around his ankles.

Finally Chris and his best friend, Ben, the only dark skinned person, eased their way behind the couch to look down on the trio. Both these young men also joined the mutual masturbation club. Chris had an enormous cock and Ben’s was very large and dark.

Seeing his beautiful girlfriend surrounded by all these pulsating cocks was too much for Cliff. He let out a low groan as his cock exploded in Tabby’s mouth. The girl choked at the sudden rush of hot cum, then slurped it down, a sticky residue on her red lips. Her tongue licked along the length of his cock, taking a sticky string of semi-transparent cum with it.

Tabby sat upright just as Bob spurted his first long stream of cum up and onto her bare hip. A second jet struck her across the butt, staining the black panties. Another struck the back of her t-shirt. Tabby sat back as Bob moved himself to pump more cum onto her thigh and crotch as he pulled his hand away.

Cliff lent over to kiss Tabby, tasting his cum as he did. Out of the corner of his eye he could see Ben’s large black cock sticking out across the back of the couch. Reaching back with his arm he guided Ben closer to the two lovers heads. As they broke their kiss Cliff carefully, gently angled Tabby’s head toward Ben’s stiff cock.

Licking her lips, with a laugh she enclosed the big black cock with her lips and sucked it in. Ben gave a jump. Now Tabby turned on the couch, her butt stuck up in the air, so she cold administer to this long dark rod. Her red nails cupping his dark ball-sack. A low moan came from Ben as he eased forward to lean on the couch as his cock was expertly sucked by the slim teenager.

It was Dan who was next to lose his load. He pushed forward in a rush toward the black lace covered butt that hovered over the couch. A series of squeaks and moans accompanied his almost panicked attack. Holding forth his cock he spurted a long sticky string of cum onto Tabby’s butt, streaking the black lace and her pale skin. More cum shot up the back of her t-shirt as she knelt there. Red in the face Dan moved back.

Alex had meantime walked up to the couch and as Dan moved back he came up behind the young girl. Tabby paused on her sucking of Ben as she felt a hand at the crotch of her panties. But instead of clamping her pussy closed the young girl parted her legs a little more. Alex rubbed his finger through her enlarged pussy lips, feeling the sticky moist juice. Then he placed his cock at her entrance. A stunned hush spread through the gathered footballers as Alex pushed forward.

Tabby gave a start but continued to feast on Ben’s huge black monster. Alex started his humping, in and out of the slick passage. Grabbing each side of her t-shirt he balanced on the edge of the couch, pushing in deeper and deeper, fucking her harder and harder.

Every now and then Tabby moaned. Her own orgasm was building as Alex moved faster and faster, his balls hitting her smooth round butt and sticking a little in Dan’s gooey mess on her lace panties.

Ben was first to go. He let out a little yelp, rammed his cock hard into Tabby’s mouth and released his load. The hot cum spewed into her. She worked his balls with her hand as he erupted in her mouth. His cum soon dribbled down her chin. A stream of jism had hit her in the face and left a greasy trail across one eyelid and down her cheek.

The sight was too much for Chris who moved up to off load his balls onto her face and hair. The stringy cum making weird spider web patterns in her hair. More cum stains spread across the back of her t-shirt as he emptied his balls over her. Tabby seemed lost in a world of her own as the streams of cum hit her.

The two youths moved away from behind the couch as their cocks shrunk. Alex was pushing the stained t-shirt up her back as he pumped his way into her. Both were moaning gently as he fucked her pussy. The black panties were pulled to one side to expose her red, moist pussy.

Cliff had walked behind the couch where Ben and Chris had just completed their dual facial on the brunette. Looking at the cum-splattered face Cliff smiled at his girlfriend. Tabby smiled back, grunting and red in the face as Alex continued to plough into her soft flesh. Cliff reached out for her t-shirt, grabbing it on the lower back, and hauling it forward over her head. The brunette moved her arms to let it tumble free, her cum streaked hair falling over her face. She tossed her head back.

At that point Alex grabbed her by the bra strap and hunched himself over her body, pumping her with his cum. She moaned as he filled her pussy, his cock buried deep in her. Slowly he slipped back, his cock slipping from her and the crotch of the panties slipping back into place to soak up the dribbles of cum and pussy juice.

As she looked up at Cliff Tony stepped up to her. His big thumbs inserted in the waist of the soiled panties and he tugged them down to her knees in one pull. The second pulled them clear of her ankles. The boys started to pass the delicate black lace panties around like a trophy as Tony lined up her pink pussy.

Tabby turned around to face him. At first Tony thought she was going to shun him as Cliff was now ready with another huge erection. But she just smiled at the tall boy. She parted her legs, using a hand to part her pussy lips. A broad smile appeared on his face as she beckoned him forward.

Kneeling before her he eased his big hard cock into her. The others all watched as Tony pushed forward. Tabby let out a grunt and Cliff started tugging on his hard cock. In and out the monster cock pumped as Tony groaned and grunted. Tabby took it, her legs spread wide. 

Matt stepped forward to the couch. Holding his hard cock in his hand he aimed at Tabby’s breasts, covered in the black lace of her bra. A long stream of hot cum flew out and straddled both breasts. He groaned as another shot out, criss-crossing the first. Then another and another. Some hit her on the chest, others on the white skin of her belly.

Finally it was Tony’s turn. A wad of hot cum flew into her pussy, mixing with Alex’s earlier deposit. The hot jism filled her as Tony collapsed on her wary body. He lay across her breathing heavily as his cock pulsed out the last drops of his orgasm. Then he slipped back to his knees on the floor, her swollen pussy again spilling a few drops of cum.

Seeing Tony fill his girlfriend was too much for Cliff who shot another load over the side of the couch onto her face. She looked up at him, her mouth open trying to catch his cum on her tongue.

“Hey guys the game is going to start,” Alex called out from a seat near the TV.

Tabby pushed herself up as the boys wandered back to the television. Hardly a word had been spoken. Her pussy was sore and her skin was covered in sticky, drying cum. Cliff grinned down at her as he tucked his spent cock back into his jeans.

“God, you make a good cum-slut,” he whispered, touching her cheek gently.

Tabby smiled back standing up, dressed only in the black lace bra. Looking directly at Cliff she reached back and unclipped the lacy garment and tossed it to the floor. Then she turned her naked body and walked over to the television. All eyes were on her as she blocked the view of the game.

“Hope you all enjoyed that,” she smiled. “Well, while you boys get off on the football I’m going to take a shower. Then my services will be available in Matt’s room, if anyone is interested.”

With her bare butt swaying she slowly walked from the room. Ben let out a low whistle as she went and the eyes all switched back to the game.