 Tabby was late for her usual Friday night appointment with her friend Lana. She would be waiting patiently in the Athenian Bar. Tabby was walking along staring at her new purchase, a brand new cell phone. It was the latest in phone technology and had cost her a fortune. It had been two weeks since her old phone had died. She had actually purchased the phone the day before but the new bluetooth technology was too much for her. The technicians had programmed it for her. She was late because they had to explain it all to her, but still she was not sure about all it's new features. Lana had a bluetooth phone, in fact it was Lana who had persuaded her to get it, she would help her.

As she walked along past some shops and a bar her phone rang. The first call. It must be the guys from the shop checking that she could answer ok. She flicked open the little silver object to see a message flashing on the luminous green screen.

"Toothing, Barry?" it read. Tabby looked at it. What did it mean? Why was it on her phone? Who was Barry? She couldn't work it out. She wasn't even sure that it was a text message. The awful thought that she had just purchased a lemon went through her head. For a split second she considered returning to the store. But it was getting late and she was meeting Lana for a drink at the Oaks Hotel shortly. Lana might be able to explain.

At the bar Lana was waiting with their usual white wines ready. It was quite busy, after work on a Friday. Tabby pushed her tall, slim 20-year-old body through the crowd to the bar. She could see Lana sitting on a barstool. 

"Hi girl," Lana greeted her friend. "You're late tonight."

"Yeah, sorry, I had to pick up my new phone," Tabby replied.

"Oh yeah, I forgot. What do you think of it? Is it the same as mine?" Lana asked.

"It's cool, I think it's better than yours. I'm going to take forever to learn how to use it properly," Tabby said, searching her purse for the little silver phone.

"No way you will soon learn all the bits," Lana smiled.

Tabby found the phone and passed it to her friend. "But I think I'm going to have to take it back. I think it has a fault."

"Oh?" Lana asked.

"Yeah, as I was walking over hear it went off and I got this weird text message. I don't know how it could have happened."

"What did the message say?" Lana asked.

"It was real strange, like make sense of it if you can. Toothing, Barry. That's all." Tabby shrugged.

"Oh," Lana said again, a smirk appearing on her face.

"So what do you think it means?" Tabby asked, noting the smirk, but not sure what Lana was meaning.

"Where were you when this happened?" The blonde asked.

"I was just passing Ace's Bar," Tabby replied.

"Oh," Lana said again, the smirk flashed across her face.

"So, tell me, what was it? You look like you know."

"I can guess. These phones can give out their address if the settings are right. Someone in Ace's obviously hooked onto your address." Lana was smiling broadly now.

"So should I reply. I think the message is still there," Tabby asked, holding out her hand.

"No, it's too late now. They only have a limited range for this sort of thing. Basically someone in Ace's has just asked you if you want to participate in some quick, anonymous sex."

Tabby's jaw dropped. She looked at the phone and its new power. "You're joking. You mean someone was watching me and..."

"Oh no, they probably didn't even know who they were ringing."

"Shit Lana! That is scary," Tabby reached for the little phone.

"Yep, sure is," Lana said and took a sip of her wine. "It's called toothing – using the bluetooth technology."

"Hey Lana, how come you know so much about this?" Tabby smiled at her friend.

"Well, I...I mean," the comment had caught the blonde off guard.

"Have you...toothed before? Is that why Lana?" Tabby teased her friend.

"Well, actually, yes," Lana admitted.

"Was it any good?" Tabby pressed. "Or shouldn't I ask?"

"That's ok, we've always been able to share these things," Lana said, finishing her glass of wine. "It was great, quite exciting really. I mean I wouldn't have gone out with the guy but it was fun to do it once"

"Where did it happen?" Tabby asked, motioning to the barman at the same time for a refill.

"Actually," Lana blushed faintly. "Right here"

"You're joking! No way!" Tabby exclaimed. "So where...I mean how..."

"Where did we do the evil act?" Lana smiled. "In the ladies."

"Wow! Incredible...and no one caught you?"

"No, we tried to be discrete. Maybe someone guessed at all the moans, but hey, it was fun.," Lana's eyes lit up.

"Sounds like it. Maybe I should go back to Ace's and see if Barry is still looking," Tabby smiled as the barman put down the two new drinks.

"Too late now I think," Lana laughed. "But keep your phone on, you never know who might call. Let me see what username they gave you at the phone shop"

"Username?" Tabby looked puzzled.

"Yeah, you need a username to communicate. Obviously Barry uses his own name." Lana flicked open the new mobile and punched a few keys. "Oh...no wonder." A broad smile appeared on her face."

"What, what is it?" Tabby lent over to try and see.

"Sexybabe. Cool name," Lana laughed. "Should draw a lot of attention, if you're up o it."

"Oh yeah right," Tabby protested at her friends joke. "Like I can't get a guy if I want."

The girls laughed and joked. Every now and then Tabby looked nervously at the phone as it lay on the counter. That night it didn't ring. Over the following week all her calls came from friends and family. As the following Friday approached Tabby was convinced that her friend had been joking. There was no such thing as toothing. 

The Friday rolled around again. To test her theory that toothing was a figment of Lana's imagination Tabby deliberately passed Ace's Bar, this time watching the tiny glowing green screen for any messages. Nothing happened. Maybe Barry didn't even exist. That was it she was going to have her friend on, making up stories like that.

Tabby walked toward the bar, Athenians, ready to battle her friend. She was still some distance from the bar when the mobile buzzed her. Quickly she flicked the mobile open, the green screen flashing a message at her.

"Hi sexybabe, want some fun?"  It was accompanied by a text address.

 

Tabby stopped in her tracks. What had Lana said? The message would come from nearby, that they had a limited range. Instinctively Tabby looked around. There was no one there. A young couple were walking into the bar Tabby was about to enter, but neither had a cell phone in their hands.

Then she felt herself blush a little, was this true? Maybe Lana was playing a trick. She straightened her knee length skirt and gave a sigh, should she? What might happen? A tingle of excitement went through her body.

Quickly she typed a message and sent it. "Why not Kathunter." Kathunter was the nickname that had sent the original message. 

She waited, staring at the screen and forgetting her friend waiting inside. Nothing was happening. Maybe she was out of range. He might have been passing in a car or bus. He might be gay and not be looking for her kind of action. He might also be Lana and she was being set up.

Then it flashed up for her. "Cool, how old r u?"

 

Tabby wasn't sure if she should answer. Again she hesitated. Then: "20, dark hair, tall, slim. U?"

 

"38 dark hair, strong build."

 

