 "I don't know how you did that," she said. "But do it again. Please."

Jason and Molly were alone, in the deserted hallway of the upstairs portion of the upscale martini bar. Her skin was flushed, quivering, in the aftershocks on an orgasm she hadn't planned on, hadn't expected, hadn't deemed possible.

She wanted him to do it again. And again. And again.

Instead, he leaned in, kissed her lips, grabbed the small of her back in a confident way. 

"In time. In time."

And -- boom -- just like that, he was gone. Back to the table, where no one was the wiser.

It had been just hours ago that Jason had texted her. "What do you think about the four of us going out for drinks? Just hang out a bit, see where it goes?" he wrote.

It seemed innocent enough. 

Molly was attracted to him, sure, but she was married. He was married, too. They were all sexually liberal people. That was no secret. And there had been glances, flirts, texts exchanged all around. There had even been the time when Molly's husband, Kevin, cornered Jason's spouse, Allison, in a hallway and kissed her.

But when it came right down to it, what would happen? And Jason was the unknown to Molly. He seemed confident. He was attractive. But she didn't know him particularly well.

So, yeah, maybe some low-key get-to-know-you drinks in a public place would be in order. 

They decided to meet at this swanky martini bar for drinks and appetizers. They sat at a four-person table in the corner. 

Jason was sucking back Grey Goose martinis with bleu-cheese olives. He was dressed elegantly, a suit, tie, he went all out. Allison was decked out, too, in a skirt with a cool-looking black top and a purple corset peeking out, sipping on non-alcoholic mocktails, eying Kevin, in khakis and a nice button down shirt.

Molly knew that Jason had certain things that he really liked. Dresses. A retro, sexy look. She played that part well with a red halter dress, black tights, heels. It exposed her neck, back, arms, showed skin in the places he liked to see skin.

They all made small talk. Sports. Weather. Schools. 

Underneath the table, when Allison was engrossed in conversation with Kevin, Jason's hand grazed the smooth textured tights on Molly's knee. It excited him. It excited her, brief as the touch was.

Naughtily, unbeknownst to the others, she moved her leg closer to his, so the fabrics of their clothes were clinging to one another. It was a signal -- a subtle one -- that she wanted more.

And as the four of them talked about nothing in particular, he began stroking her knee with his fingers. Gently, he did it at first, then worked up to her thigh, so it was just underneath the hem of her dress. Then he slowly moved his hand to the top of her thigh, then to the inside of it.

Jason and Molly blushingly looked across the table, noted that their spouses were oblivious to what was going on, and Molly felt the moistness between her legs growing. He was barely touching her thigh, but it made her quiver. He loved the texture of her tights and made him hot, hard, nervous.

The waiter brought appetizers to the table and Molly excused herself, wanting to take herself out of the situation before it became too obvious. She was gone for a couple of minutes before Jason got up and followed, Allison and Kevin talking about something obscure -- perhaps the economy -- seemingly disinterested with the departures.

Jason took the staircase upstairs, timed perfectly to see Molly coming out of the restroom. She looked at him, and he at her. He moved toward her and, without saying a word, grabbed her by the waist and pushed her toward the wall. With her back against the wood paneling, he kissed her passionately on the lips. She groaned as he did this and he could feel her pulse through her lips. It was a powerful kiss and it made her knees buckle a little bit. She pushed her hands inside his jacket, grabbed his torso, dug her fingernails in a bit. He stuck his tongue gently onto her lips, felt the underside of her teeth. She breathed heavily, dug her fingernails into his side deeper. He pulled his lips away, moved down to her neck, licked it, sucked on it. 

She opened her eyes to see if anyone was watching. She wasn't sure if she would have been embarrassed or liked it, had there been. But the hallway was empty. 

She began to close her eyes, when Jason spun Molly around, pressed her chest against the wall. He wrapped his left arm around her waist, his right arm around her shoulders, and put his right hand just inside the top of her dress. He gently moved his hand inside, underneath Molly's bra, pinched her left nipple ever so slightly. She exhaled deeply, put her cheek on the wall, felt her body quiver and the hardness inside his pants poking into her backside.

He kissed the back of her neck. 

"I want you," he said. "I know I shouldn't be doing this yet, but I can't control myself."

He spun her around again. Put his hand on the inside of her right thigh and moved it up inside her dress. He kissed her, continuing to move his hand higher and higher. The heat coming from inside her tights was incredible. It was frustrating, not really being able to get to the parts that he wanted to through two layers of clothing, but he could feel the pulsing of her clitoris. He rubbed at it, while kissing her, sticking his tongue in her mouth, pinning her against the wall. She lifted her leg, wrapped it around his leg, rocked her crotch against his fingers. She was overcome, and then she came, grabbing the back of his head with her left hand, grabbing his ass with her right hand, screaming into his mouth.

How had he made her orgasm so quickly? How did he leave the table so non-chalantly? How hot did he look in that tie?

"I don't know how you did that," she said, "but do it again. Please."

He pulled away. 

"In time. In time."

And then he went back to the table, took his seat, Molly following behind.

They tried to act as if nothing had happened, although Molly, still feeling the wetness in her panties, couldn't stop stealing glances at Jason. As they finished their food and drinks, Allison grabbed Jason's hand, kissed it, told him she loved him.

As they paid the check, Allison whispered into his ear. "Did you enjoy that?"

"Yes, the drinks were awesome."

"Not the drinks, silly, whatever you did with Molly upstairs."

Blushing, he said, "Um...."

"I can smell her, ever so slightly, on your hands."

"Are you mad?"

"No. Not at all. Did you enjoy it?"

"I would like to enjoy more."

"Well," Allison said, "then I think you should. I think we all should."

Allison kept whispering ideas into Jason's head, and he kept glancing at Molly, then Kevin, then back to Molly. He grinned, as if the greatest idea since TiVo had come to him.

As they all piled into Jason's car, he said, "I've got something planned."

He drove uptown to the nicest hotel in town. Allison chuckled, as she whispered things into Kevin's ear in the back of the car. As if he'd just been clued in on the joke, he glanced at Jason in the rearview mirror and smiled. 

Molly wondered what the fuck was going on. 

Jason led the group to the lobby, where he arranged for a room -- a king bed and a sofa -- and then grabbed the key to the sixth-floor abode.

They entered the room and Molly hadn't mustered the courage to so much as ask a question as to what was going on. When she saw Allison and Kevin immediately sit on the couch and snuggle up with one another, her confusion heightened.

She turned around and asked Jason, "OK, what is going on?"

"I'm going to fuck you," he said. "And they're going to watch."

She was somewhat shocked, didn't know what to say. 

"If you want out," Jason continued, "now's the time."

"Oh, she's in," Kevin chimed in from the background. "Trust me."

"Is that true?" Jason asked, walking toward her. Grabbing her ass, pulling her close, he went further, "Do you want me to fuck you?"

"Yes."

"How badly?"

"So badly."

"Will you do whatever I want?"

"Yes."

He pushed her onto the bed, so she was sitting down. He took off his coat, threw it across the room. He unzipped his fly, pulled out his cock. 

"I want you to give me the sexiest, wettest blow job you ever have."

She took his cock in her hand, felt it throb. She was so turned on. She licked her hands, stroked it gently, felt it get bigger and bigger. She licked the top of it, teasing it with her tongue. She flicked her tongue on his foreskin, listened to him moan. She moved his penis at an angle, so she could suck on the shaft, moving her mouth up and down. She spit on his cock, let her saliva dangle from it, then grabbed it to moisten her hands and moved it up and down his cock. Finally, when she sensed Jason couldn't take it any more, she put the whole cock in her mouth. She wanted it deep, deep as it could go. She moved her head up and down on his cock, felt his hands gently on the back of her head, pushing slightly. 

She took his cock out of her mouth, licked his balls. That made him moan; he loved getting his balls licked. 

Jason looked at the couch, saw Allison gently stroking the outside of Kevin's pants, as they looked on with great attention.

Feeling as if he might come, Jason took his cock out of Molly's mouth. He kissed her spit-covered mouth. It made him hot to feel so messy, to see her looking so naughty. 

He pushed her back on to the bed, took her legs in the air. He kissed her calves, while pressing his hand up and inside her dress.

He moved his face lower and lower, until it was close to her crotch. Then Jason did something Molly didn't expect. He grabbed her tights, ripped them open, exposed the smooth, pale skin of her thighs. He licked the inside of her thighs, kept ripping until he could see her panties. He moved her panties out of the way, so he could expose her pussy. 

He gently licked her clit, as she immediately began moaning.

"Yes, fucking lick my pussy. Please. Please. Make me come," Molly said.

Her clitoris throbbed against his tongue, which he moved up and down, side to side, in circles. He moved it down, stuck his tongue inside her, then moved it back to her clit. She arched her back, began screaming.

"Yes, yes," she screamed.

He moved his hands up Molly's legs, reached inside her dress, pulled down the remnants of her tights and her panties, exposing her lower half. He wanted all of her pussy. He licked her clitoris and felt inside her with his finger, then with a second finger. She was wildly wet, and he liked that. He buried his face in her pussy as much as he could, found her G-spot and palpated it slowly at first, then faster as it hardened. She began arching her back again.

"Come on my face, Molly," he said, his voice muffled by her legs wrapped around him.

He kept licking, kept using his fingers and she grabbed on to the comforter, coming for a third time that night, so intensely she felt as if she was exploding like a firecracker.

She looked over at the couch, saw Allison sucking on Kevin's cock, as he watched Molly in the throws of passion. He had a look of ecstasy and bewilderment all at the same time. Allison was stripped down to her underwear and sideways on the couch. Kevin had a finger inside of her as she sucked on his cock. She was moaning, too, almost as loudly as Molly.

Jason stood up and began removing his clothes. Molly laid there, awaiting orders. When he was naked, he told her to take off her dress. She slipped out of it and Jason, almost immediately, pulled her to the edge of the bed. He lifted her legs, put her knees on top of his elbows, and stroked her clit with his cock. As she laid on her back, looking at his hairy chest and feeling his hardness on her wetness, she felt as if she'd do anything he wanted.

He put his cock inside of her, slowly at first, then faster. She was so wet it drove him wild. He licked her legs, bit them, too. Then he pinned her legs back so he could lick her breasts, too. This drove her wild. He was so deep inside of her and sucking on her nipples, she felt as if she was being ravaged by two men, not just one.

"Oh, I have fucking wanted you for so long," she said. "You're so fucking hot. I can't tell you how long I've wanted this."

He looked up at her. 

"You like this?" he asked? "You like me fucking your wet pussy? Playing with your nipples?"

"Yes," she said.

"Say it louder," he said. "I want them to hear."

She screamed, "I love you fucking my wet pussy. I have wanted you for so long. I can't fucking take it."

He kept fucking Molly, who was insatiable. He moved her to her side, felt her thighs and vagina squeezing against his cock, as she rubbed her own clit. Then he turned her onto her stomach, fucked her doggie style, as she reached back between her legs and gently stroked his balls. 

"I can't wait to taste your come," Molly said, readying to orgasm for a fourth time.

She looked up and, surprisingly, saw Allison's face, red and in the throws of an orgasm, just inches from her own. Kevin had bent her over the bed and was fucking her from behind. He was thrusting hard and Allison was groaning, "Harder, fuck me harder. ... I want you to shoot your come inside of me. ... Do it. ... Do it."

The people next door to this room were getting quite a concert, Kevin thought.

Kevin was hammering away at Allison's backside, and the bed began squeaking and shaking with the force of it. Molly could feel the vibrations of that under her, as Jason fucked her from behind, too.

Kevin began shouting. Allison was, too. He grabbed her ass firmly as he exploded inside of her, and Allison, drenched in sweat, couldn't help but smile as she collapsed onto the bed.

Seeing Allison and Kevin come was all Molly needed. She grabbed the comforter and began screaming in Allison's and Kevin's direction.

"Oh, he's fucking me so good. You're so fucking lucky, Allison. Oh, I love his cock. I want his come. I want to share his come with you."

Molly came hard, her body shaking so much with aftershocks that she couldn't take having that cock inside of her any longer. She moved forward, then turned around and looked at Jason, drenched in sweat.

"Baby," Molly said, "I want you to fucking come on both of us, OK?"

One of his biggest fantasies about to be realized, he laid down on the bed. Molly and Allison both began licking opposite sides of his cock, until they got to the top, when their tongues began touching. They stopped so they could kiss, tongues in each other's mouths, for a moment, and then returned to tend to Jason's cock.

Allison put his cock in her mouth in familiar fashion. She licked the top, then moved up and down, before taking it out and feeding it into Molly's mouth with her hand. Molly licked gently and then forcefully. They took turns for a few moments. 

Feeling he was ready to come, Jason got onto his knees. The ladies, laying on their stomachs, flicked the foreskin of his penis with their tongues until he began groaning. Then Molly began jacking his cock until his hot sperm shot onto her tongue. There was gobs of it; he'd been working this up all night. It kept shooting and shooting into her mouth, as he screamed, "Oh, you are so damn sexy. Both of you are so fucking sexy."

Then Molly, a mouth full of come, looked at Allison, moved closer and began kissing her. Their tongues out, they swapped Jason's come, and this kept his penis erect. As the girls kissed for a moment, then swallowed, they realized one thing they'd really missed out on that night was playing with one another.

As they all fell onto the bed, they realized, there had been so many scenarios not yet explored.

"It was a good start, I'd say," Jason said. 

And they all laughed.