 The 22-year-old brunette arrived outside the suburban house. There were a number of vehicles of various types parked in the drive and on the lawn; two or three were parked on street. Tabby didn't recognise any of them. Still she didn't mind arriving here in her own little Honda.

Locking the door she popped the keys into her small black shoulder bag and walked the short distance to the front door. The night was hot and the door had been left open. The noise of a stereo could be heard, thumping out a dance rhythm. There was a buzz of voices, party sounds.

Tabby knocked lightly on the door, but no one responded so she poked her head in. Couples were standing around a large open lounge talking in small groups. A quick survey again showed that no one she knew was there.

"Hi babe," a male voice called to her. "Come on in."

The cheerfulness of this greeting put Tabby at ease and she stepped into the room. A tall well-built blond male, older than her, was smiling happily at her. It had been this cheerful face that had greeted her.

"Hi," Tabby responded happily.

"And what do they call a lovely looking lady like you?" 

Tabby blushed. "Tabby." She replied.

"Well Tabby, I'm John," the blond male replied.

"Hi John, pleased to meet you. My friend Lana told me there was a party here tonight, but I don't see her here yet."

"She might be. There are people all over the place. Make yourself at home and have a look. Would you like a drink?"

"Um, sure. A wine would be good. Are you the host?"

The two walked through an archway together to a bright kitchen. John picked up a wine bottle and glass and started to pour the clear liquid. More people stood around in the kitchen, drinking and talking, but Tabby still didn't recognise anyone.

"No, I'm not the host, just a friendly guest," he laughed handing the drink to Tabby.

Just then a tall leggy blond woman stepped into the room. She looked around, her eyes looking coldly at Tabby.

"John, are you going to get me a drink or not?" her voice was quite strong and to the point.

"Oh, sorry Linda, yes," he replied. He still had the bottle of wine in his hand. Taking a second glass he poured another drink. "Nice to meet you Tabby, I'm sure your friends will be here somewhere. Take a walk around and see." With that he walked over to the blond and was gone.

Tabby shrugged to her self and sipped the wine. No one paid her any attention as she wandered back through to the lounge. There were small groups of people huddled together, talking in party whispers. Every now and then someone would meet Tabby's searching eye and smile pleasantly, but no one stopped to talk.

She walked slowly across the room; her long slender legs constrained by the short, tight fitting light red silk dress. The black low heels she wore sunk into the deep new carpet. 

The music was coming from large family room that came off the lounge. Tabby left the lounge and aimlessly walked into this noisier atmosphere. The music thumped away as three or four couples and group of young women all swayed to the beat. Tabby smiled as she walked past the group. Three more people were trying to engage in conversation in a corner; none noticed the slim figure as Tabby passed through the room.

At the end of this long room was a door, which led to a well-lit hall. Tabby paused before entering this golden passage. She took another long sip of her drink. There were no familiar faces here either. She slipped into the hallway. It was quite broad. Doors came off it to the left, but only a double cupboard door to the right. She passed the closed doors. At one she halted briefly, hearing the heavy moaning of two people making love. A smile crossed her face and she walked on.

Two large males suddenly burst out of a room, almost knocking Tabby over. They were clearly drunk. Both young, one was white the other a towering Negro.

"Sorry ma'am," the white youth giggled as Tabby stepped backwards.

"That's OK, just protecting my wine," Tabby joked back.

"Are you looking for someone ma'am?" he asked. The Negro was giggling still, drunkenly.

"No, not really," Tabby replied, not sure what the question implied. "I thought some friends were going to be here, but it looks like I was mistaken. I think I'll finish my drink and go."

"Oh," the white boy replied.

"There are some other guests out in the garage, maybe your friends are there?" the black youth offered, a grin spreading on his face.

"Yeah, maybe, thanks, I will check it out," Tabby smiled weakly back. She pushed her way past the two young men toward another open door. It led outside.

A young girl staggered toward Tabby, obviously very drunk. Her head was down and she didn't look up at Tabby as they passed. A large Negro man followed close behind. They disappeared into the house without a sound. The garage lay in front of her, a large stand-alone structure. The three long narrow windows were illuminated by bright light; the side door was swinging open. Voices could be heard inside.

She walked into the lit room. A sea of faces stared back at her as she walked in. A quick survey counted 15 men. It was eerie. A silence fell over the group. All the faces Tabby could see, standing in a semi circle around the door was Negro. Three large Negro males were standing just next to the door.

"Sorry," Tabby broke the silence. "I thought I might find my friends out here." She smiled weakly.

"Oh, your friends are here," a voice called from the crowd.

"Stay and have a drink," another called out.

Smiles were spreading on the dark faces. Tabby looked uneasy. She smiled back. "No, it's OK thanks, I think I better go back to the house."

As she turned one of the big men standing next to the door pulled it closed, a broad smile on his face. The other two stepped forward toward her. One bent at her side, touching her thigh with his hand.

"You feel so nice," the man said.

Tabby pulled back slightly, gasping. The other man found her butt with his hand, rubbing over the thin red silk of the dress.

"Stop that," she demanded, swatting the hand away. "I think I should go now."

"That sure is one fine butt, lady," her attacker said, laughing. He squeezed her buttock.

A buzz of voices and laughter filled the room. The group of men crowded forward, surrounding Tabby. As they moved toward her, she caught a glimpse of a large bed with silver silk sheets against the far wall. Some matching silver cushions and pillows were scattered on the bed. The bed was not smooth and unused; rather it had a look of being lain in. Beside one of the pillows was a small scrunched up white material that Tabby couldn't make out.

Another set of hands propelled her forward into the circle of Negro faces. She felt a hand slide up her leg, touching her thigh under the skirt. Someone else was reaching out for her breasts, feeling them through the red dress. Tabby tried to push them away, tried to turn, but they were everywhere.

"Please stop," she begged. "Please don't hurt me."

Somehow she felt her voice getting slower, her protests weaker, her pussy wetter. All these men paying all this attention to her, wanting her. The look of fright and shock was changing, being replaced by a smile. Her hips swayed slightly as the men touched her. She stepped forward again, through the crowd. She let the black bag slip from her shoulder to fall to the floor.

The bed was a few feet away now. The white material was the screwed up lace of a pair of panties. Tabby lent forward, her dress riding up. A black hand pushed the material further up to reveal the 22-year-olds own black lace panties. She felt the hand brush across the silky material as she reached over and picked up the white pair.

Turning quickly her dress fell back into place. She held the white panties out in front of her then pulled them close to her face, smelling the crotch deeply. The panties were wet with sexual juices, both male and female. Tabby opened her mouth and licked the white panties then waved them in the air before tossing them into the air.

By now most of the Negro audience had opened their trousers, or removed them totally. They knew that she was ready for them, wanting them as much as they wanted her. Tabby stared at the cocks all standing up, huge and bulging.

Tabby kicked her black shoes off and climbed up onto the bed, standing above the Negro throng. She rubbed her hands over her body, wiggling a little. As her hands moved up her sides she dragged the red dress up as well, exposing her thighs, her black lace panties. With the dress bunched up around her hips she let a hand brush across the shiny lace front of her panties.

A strap of the dress slipped down her arm, exposing the black lace bra strap. As the strap touched her elbow she slipped it off, letting the other strap slip down. With the dress bodice now gaping open her breasts were exposed in the black lace bra.

Warming to the tease she jumped off the bed, the dress slipping back over her butt. She stood for a moment, shuffling the dress back up her thighs and then knelt. Her sweet face looked up at the surrounding cocks and then she reached out to touch the closest. The man stepped closer as she slipped her hand over the rigid cock.

As she guided the huge black cock toward her red lips she reached out for a second cock. Her lips slipped over the black head, licking around the slit and then engulfing the throbbing cock. The dark haired beauty was rubbing the second cock gently. A hand slipped down and began feeling her firm breasts, tweaking the nipples through the black lace.

"Oh baby," the man being sucked said. "That feels good."

"Man this is one hot little slut," another voice said.

"Look at the little bitch go," another man said. "She can really suck cock."

A hand slipped down Tabby's back, touching her black lace panties, cupping her buttock. Then a finger probed between her legs. She kept sucking. Her mouth pulled back from the glistening hard cock she was on allowing her to moan softly. Turning to the cock she was tugging she replaced her hand with her red wet lips, her hand going to the slippery cock she had been on. Her other hand came up to tug on another monster cock waving in her face.

Someone knelt beside Tabby on the floor and slipped his big black hand onto her shoulder. The young girl stopped sucking a moment to smile at the man, but then resumed sucking on the big wet cock. The man slipped his hand over her shoulder and into the black lace bra, feeling her firm young breast, tweaking at the hard nipple. Tabby felt the bra go limp on her shoulders, slipping forward on her arms to expose both her breasts at once. This drew more catcalls and wolf whistles from the crowd.

She didn't stop sucking. Her mouth slurped on the big black cock, her hands stroking two other cocks. But none of these were the first to explode. A younger man standing slightly to Tabby's right suddenly exploded under his own hands his cum spurting onto her shoulder and breast. A big white gob slipped down her cleavage, pooling at the "V" of her breasts. A roar went up from the gathering.

The man she had started sucking was next, his load shot forward, hitting Tabby in the face, dripping from her cheek. A stringy white glob of cum hung part way between the two. Tabby didn't stop her action, just closing her eyes as the cum hit her soft skin. Then the man in her mouth fired his load deep into her throat. Stream after stream of hot cum shot into her mouth until she couldn't swallow it all. Some dribbled out down her chin to mix with the other cum.

Finally another man masturbating nearby stepped up and shot his load at her. Most of the slimy white cum hit her bra and dress, leaving growing damp stains. The young brunette looked up and just smiled as the man's cock slowly deflated. All the time she continued pulling on the other cock. 

As the two men she had serviced stepped away into the group Tabby stood up. She smiled seductively at the men as she turned to crawl onto the bed. A hand reached out to hold her hips. Tabby glanced over her shoulder. A large black man was climbing up behind her, aiming his cock at her butt as he did. 

He pulled the crotch of her panties to one side as he probed at her trimmed pussy, feeling her growing wetness. Then he pushed forward, holding her steady by the hips. Tabby moaned as the big cock pushed into her tight pussy. It felt huge and stretched her. She moved her legs a little more apart as he began pumping in and out of her.

"God you have a tight cunt bitch," the man said as he pumped into her. "I love tight white cunt."

Tabby just moaned.

"Suck my cock slut," another man said as he jumped on the bed. He sat in front of her, pushing his stiff cock toward her. Tabby didn't have to be asked twice. She had always fantasized about group sex and now she was living it. Those deep red lips closed over the black throbbing cock again. Once again her head as bobbing up and down on a hard cock. The man moaned softly as she stroked the throbbing rod with her sweet lips.

It was the man in her pussy who orgasmed first. He let out a loud moan as his load pumped into her hot pussy. Tabby was cumming at the same time, her hips bucking. A sticky combination of sexual fluids dribbled down her leg as the man moved away. 

New hands were now holding her hips, a new cock pushed into the still sloppy mess of her pussy. Without a break she was being fucked a second time. It was too much for her, she felt herself cum a second time. This time she pulled her head away from the cock she was sucking to moan loudly. Just at that moment the man she was sucking exploded, his cum hitting her face in long stringy gobs.

Another man pushed him out of the way on the large bed and pushed his cock toward Tabby's wet face. Without a twitch the brunette took it in her mouth. 

The man behind her was cumming, he hadn't lasted long. She could feel him plunge deeply into her and his cock throb slightly as he emptied his balls. More cum dribbled from her swollen pussy as he pulled back. 

His replacement began by easing the wet panties down. She helped by lifting her legs to allow him to pull them free. Now her white round butt was exposed to the men. She felt the next big cock being rubbed around her pussy, up over her butt. Then he began to push it toward her ass. Tabby gave a startled moan as he entered her virgin ass. The cock was huge, splitting her in half as he eased it in. It wouldn't go all the way and he had to work it slowly.

Despite the shock of the cock in her ass Tabby continued working on the cock in front of her. Licking around the head as it popped from her mouth and then sucking it down hard and deep. The man began to moan as he felt the tension build. Then he let out a squeal as he filled her mouth with his hot jism. Once more a sticky stream clung to her face.

This time no one climbed in front of Tabby. There was just the man pumping slowly in and out of her ass. His cock drilling deeper with every stroke. She lent down on her elbows, moaning as the cock pounded into her. Then he climaxed, his hot cum pumping into her ass and spilling out to run over her as cheeks. He slowly pulled out.

As he climbed down from the bed tabby collapsed, partly exhausted and partly for more comfort. As she rolled on to her back cum dribbled from both her openings on to the inside of the red dress. A black hand reached over and touched her breasts as she lay there; it was one of the men she had serviced at the beginning. He was holding his stiff cock in one hand and playing with her breasts in the other.

"Oh baby, I want to feel your cunt now," he whispered at her as she lay there. "Do you want me to fuck you?"

"Yes," Tabby whispered back, smiling at his face.

"You are one hungry little slut, did you know that?" He said.

Tabby just smiled.

"Well, let me fuck that hot little cunt now." He moved around and positioned himself between her legs, lifting the dress out of his way. Tabby parted her legs automatically, lifting the knees to give him better access. Then she felt his cock, breaking through the crusting semen deposited by the others. She was still wet enough to take him without effort. Soon he was rhythmically pumping in and out of her, grunting loudly as he did.

"Man you have a sweet little pussy," he puffed. "So hot and tight."

As the man continued Tabby sensed another movement on the bed. It distracted her and she glanced around. On the other side of the bed another girl was being fucked doggy style by one of the men. It was the girl she had passed on the way in. Her dress had been unbuttoned and her bra removed. Her big breasts dangled below her body and were being mauled by anther potential lover.

Tabby's mind returned to the hard cock between her own legs. In and out it pumped, harder and harder, deeper and deeper. Then he let out the familiar groan as he filled her once more with hot sticky cum.

"Shit that was good babe," he said climbing off her.

Tabby just giggled. She wanted a different kind of fun now. Looking around she saw the crowd's attention had been taken by the new arrival. Slowly she crawled over to where the girl was being fucked.

"Want to taste some real cum?" Tabby asked her. The girl looked at the new arrival. "Suck my pussy."

With that Tabby crawled under the new girl, thrusting her pussy up. A big black hand grasped the girl's head and forced her down on the sticky pussy.

"Yeah, slut, suck our hot bitch," he said. "Do it now."

The new girl obeyed licking at Tabby's sticky thatch, then across her pussy lips and finally plunging her tongue into the wet pussy. Tabby moaned at the new sensation rubbing across her clit. She was ready to cum again. Tabby started bucking as the man behind the new girl forced his cock deep into her pussy. They both came together, moaning and bucking.

As the wave of excitement subsided Tabby crawled out to be replaced by one of the men with a huge hard-on. Tabby detected she was no longer the Centre of attention and slid off the bed. Her stained dress slid down as she bent to pick up her underwear. Her pussy throbbed as she pulled the cum soaked panties on. Finally she adjusted the bra and pulled the top of her dress up. She picked up the black evening bag. None of the men were looking at her as she walked to the door.

Tabby sighed as she opened it, feeling the night air on her damp body. A feeling of shame and guilt spread through her as she walked back to the house, a tear formed in her eye and she didn't quite know why. Instead of going inside she slipped down the side of the house. 

She suddenly realized that she had let herself be raped by all those men. She had no protection against disease or pregnancy, nor did she even know any of their names. But she had consented. As she went she heard a voice.

"I wonder if Tabby is over in the shed?" It was Lana. 

"Why don't you go check it out?" A Negro male voice replied. "She might be there."

Tabby walked into the gloom of the night, along the driveway to her car.