 Since this is Part Two, and since the set-up is in Part One, and since even on a sex site it might be best to read in order, I strongly advise checking out "After the Game" first!

But whatever you choose, happy reading. Etc.

*

As it turned out, our first stop wasn't the county fair, it was a pancake house a few blocks away from the fair's parking lot. What can I say? We were hungry!

Chad, Danny, Krista, and I walked in as a foursome, and a distracted hostess showed us to a booth near the front. Krista made no move to sit, and the rest of us followed her lead, hesitating. The hostess, maybe thirty-five and clearly ready for her shift to be done, got the message.

"Is there somewhere else you'd rather sit?" she asked. 

Krista indicated a booth at the back corner. "Somewhere a little more private?" she asked. 

The hostess avoided rolling her eyes, and soon enough we were seated in the closest thing to a private booth the diner had to offer----but Krista made certain I was seated facing front. In the corner, to be sure, so not exactly on display, and Chad was next to me, partially blocking anyone's view, but I wasn't exactly hidden, either. That wouldn't have been an issue on a normal day, since I was dressed no more brazenly than usual----which is to say, well within the bounds of 21st century West Coast modesty----but this wasn't a normal day, and Krista wasn't a normal roommate.

"Now," said Krista, fixing me with a critical stare. "Off with your top, please."

"What?" I asked, trying to look baffled, although I'd guessed all along that this was what Krista had in mind.

"Tits out," she said. "Let's see your breasts."

Now it was my turn to roll my eyes, which I did, and then I hauled down my blouse and shifted my bra out of the way enough to let my breasts, just for a moment, swing free.

"No, no, no," said Krista. "This isn't a hospital, and we're not talking about limited visiting hours. I'm talking out, available. You're going to be topless from here until we leave the restaurant."

"But..."

"Come on," Krista said, insistent. "Here comes our server."

I gave in. I shimmied my top over my head and unhooked my bra. My breasts came into full view just as the server, a girl with cropped pink hair who couldn't have been more than nineteen, arrived to deliver four glasses of water and take our drinks order. She started to say, "Hi, welcome to..." but then she saw me and managed to say, "Um," instead.

"Don't worry about it," said Danny. "It's just something she does sometimes."

"Because her name," said Krista, with a wicked grin, "is Annie Cunt."

The server stared. At Krista, and then at my tits.

"Annie," said Krista, "introduce yourself."

"Hi," I said, my pulse pounding. To cover, to just plain fight through it, I extended one hand. "I'm Annie..."

Krista wasn't standing for half measures. "Go on," she said. "Spit it out."

What the hell, I thought. In for a penny, in for a pound. I drew a breath, got better control of my tongue, and said, "I'm Annie Cunt." Resolve and all, the last part came out as a whisper. Even so, Krista looked pleased.

The server took my hand, looking as if she'd been hypnotized. "Jeanie," she said. "Nice to meet you. Does anybody want anything to drink?"

Both Chad and Danny started to order, and then both----stupid, silly boys----fell all over themselves trying to be deferential instead, to let Krista and me order first. I was so flustered, I couldn't think of anything more creative than water, which made Krista laugh. Everybody else got sodas.

Jeanie made her getaway, and Danny started a long, probably pretty funny story about the last time he'd come to this same restaurant and gotten into an argument with a guy at the next booth, who had definite opinions about this, that, and the other. Something political, labor relations and workplace safety. I couldn't follow it. I was thinking, and thinking hard, about my current situation: my rather dramatic and sudden fall from "good girl" grace.

True, I'm not a "good girl" in that sense, meaning I'm not a prude. But nor have I been, at any point in my life, a public nuisance. I'm not a brawler, an addict, or a zealot. I've never panhandled. I'm not a prostitute. I have never, in short, participated in just about anything that the general public would file under "scandalous" or "drunk and disorderly."

Yet there I sat, in a perfectly normal pancake house, in the middle of the day, bare-breasted.

And I felt kind of okay about it.

Which was not, of course, okay.

Why? Because I'm educated, and I'm not an idiot. I know perfectly well that women get objectified by men at every turn (and that sometimes, it's not just the men). I am painfully aware that we women get the short end of the stick when it comes to payroll, and that cadres of men, mostly old and mostly white, control the laws that control our bodies, and that women are the ones to get blamed if we're assaulted or raped, usually on the convenient, simple-minded grounds that we were "asking for it" or we "showed too much skin" or "dressed inappropriately," all of which gets me seeing red----as it should. In short, I'm a smart, contemporary, 21st century woman, and I know better than to reduce myself to a hormone-driven piece of ass.

And yet, there I sat. Breasts out. Nipples hard as stiff little gumdrops. Chad had his hand on my right thigh, his fingers still but definitely draped on the inside of my leg. I didn't want to consider what I'd do if he moved his hand higher up.

No means no, I reminded myself. I could stop this at any time. Krista was my roommate, not my boss, and I didn't have to play a single one of her reindeer games if common sense suggested otherwise.

But hadn't common sense already suggested otherwise? And had I done a damn thing in response?

Was it possible that I actually liked being submissive? 

Krista, who was staring at me, the straw from her water tucked between her lips, seemed to be reading my mind. She let go of the straw and sat back, looking like the cat that ate the canary.

"My, my," she said. "I bet you thought you were such a good girl, and now look at you."

Chad, bless his horny little heart, rose to my defense. "Give her a break."

"Seriously," said Danny. "You want to give her a hard time, show some skin yourself."

Arching an eyebrow, Krista glanced at Danny. "Is that what you want, lover boy? You want me to strip like Annie?"

I thought Danny would wilt under Krista's challenge, but he didn't. Or not exactly. "Doesn't seem quite fair," was all he managed to mumble.

"Fair has nothing to do with it," Krista said. "If this were about fair, you and Chad would have your shirts off, too. And maybe your shorts."

With a nod toward the door, Chad said, "No shirt, no shoes, no service."

"Which explains," said Krista, "why Annie only got water."

Danny shook his head. "You're being evasive."

"No, I'm being in charge. There's a difference. And right now, the captain of this cruise line says that it's Annie who has to be naked, not me."

There was a brief, and very uncomfortable, silence.

"Oh, come on," said Krista. "We got this far, and now you're all going to lose your nerve? Listen," she said, leaning in, elbows on the table, "we are going to have the best time today. As if we haven't already, right? I'm going to remember what we did back in the kitchen for the rest of my life. But if we get comfy, if we don't push ourselves, if we don't push Annie in particular, it'll be, you know. Pedestrian. The usual. And I don't want that, not anymore."

"You're saying..." Chad, I could tell, was a person who liked to process. "You're saying that someday, we're gonna be way old, and that when we are, we're gonna wish we'd made some crazy good memories."

Nodding, Krista said, "So we never have to say, 'I wish' and 'I should have.' Like you two," she went on, glancing first at Chad, then Danny. "Think about it. Neither one of you had ever touched another guy before this morning. Am I right? But now, you've not only held another guy's cock in your mouth, you've tasted him, swallowed his cum. You've had an incredible experience, and it didn't make you less of something, or reduce you in any way. If anything, it's done the opposite. So sex is like travel, right? 'Travel is broadening.' You are both better people for having had the balls to road-test gay sex."

Danny snorted a derisive laugh. "That is the worst pun ever."

"Okay, not 'balls,' let's try 'gall.' For having had the gall to suck cock, you are both better people. I dare you argue the point."

Jeanie the server had arrived just in time to hear this last, and she was blushing so hard, her cheeks pretty much matched the flaming pink of her pretty punk hair. To cover, she said, "Got your drinks!" like an excited little bird, and nearly spilled all three as she delivered them.

Then she looked at me. Sort of. "You sure you just want water?" she said.

I'd kept my eyes on the table from the moment Jeanie arrived, but then----I don't know what got into me, or at least not exactly, but somehow her having acknowledged me, having dared to speak when I was so clearly the wrong person to even glance at gave me courage I didn't even know I had. I looked up, I looked right in Jeanie's pretty blue eyes, and I said, "Depends. Do you have a liquor license?"

Jeanie winced as if I'd goosed her. "We don't, actually."

I took that in, disappointed but unsurprised. This was a pancake joint, after all. Then I sat straighter, pushed my shoulders back, and said, "Jeanie. I want you to look at me."

She nodded twice. "I am looking at you."

"No, at my tits."

She swallowed hard, and did so. Everyone else seemed to have frozen, Krista especially. This wasn't part of her script.

"Well?" I said, once I was sure Jeanie's eyes were fixed on my chest. "What do you think?"

"Um, I think...I think you're really beautiful."

"So you don't mind that we're talking and I'm topless?"

"Um, no, I mean, I don't mind exactly, no."

"That's good. Am I getting you wet?"

Jeanie blushed even harder, which I wouldn't have thought was possible. "Listen," she said, half turning away, "I have other tables. Do you guys want to order?"

"Look at me," I said, as gently as possible, and she did, right away. Her gaze flicked from my breasts to my eyes, back and forth, back and forth. I said, "Listen, we'll order in just a second, promise, but first, I want you to know that I'm wet. Very wet. In fact, I'm probably as wet right now as I've ever been. I've totally soaked through my panties and probably my shorts, and Chad here hasn't even touched my clit yet. So, my point is, even though officially it's Krista who's in charge, even though really she's the one who's going to 'direct' the day and set up dares for the rest of us, I am totally enjoying this and I am totally in charge."

The nod Jeanie gave was so subtle, it might have been nothing more than her pulse rocking her neck.

"So," I finished, "here's what we want. Pancakes all 'round. Three each for the boys, and two each for me and Krista."

"Chocolate chips for me," said Danny. Chad mumbled something about pecans.

The little pad in Jeanie's hands was shaking like a leaf as she wrote. "Okay," she said, swallowing again. "I'll be right back with your order."

I stopped her. "One more thing. When you come back, you get to be topless, too."

Jeanie gave a little gasp, as if she'd just been touched----touched in private, touched in bed----and rapidly shook her head. "I can't. I'll be fired."

"But you want to." This was Krista talking now. "I mean, look at you. Your legs are half-crossed like you need to use the bathroom."

"Tell you what," I said. "I agree, it's a risk. You might get fired, yes. This isn't Vegas or the Mustang Ranch. But if you do it, you can join us for the day. A day of anything goes, and you'll never forget it. No, don't answer right now. Go place the order. You can decide when you come back."

Off she scampered, looking cute and pert and frightened.

"Wow," said Krista, turning to me with what looked like actual concern. "Where did that come from?"

I shrugged. "I'm all cunt today, right? So, I'm thinking like one. Sex on the brain. And besides, I'm half naked. Why not spread the love?"

Chad shook his head and all but whistled. "Man, when I got up this morning, this is not what I had in mind." He looked around at our faces, then backpedaled. "I don't mean I'm not liking it. The opposite, man, totally the opposite. I mean that I don't think anybody wakes up planning for something like this. And I know for a fact that that girl,"----he gestured toward the remainder of the restaurant, in the direction Jeanie had taken----"that girl never saw this train wreck coming, ever."

At that moment, a man walked by, headed to the restrooms. We were at the back, and the way restaurants are designed, it was a slam dunk that our table would be en route. But the man walked past without giving our table a second glance, and the crazy part was, I couldn't decide if I was relieved or annoyed. Why hadn't he glanced my way? Why hadn't he given me a long once-over?

Insanity, to want that, and yet... He hadn't been appallingly old, or especially unattractive, as most men are, most of the time. But the moment was gone. On the way back, the walls of the booth would hide me, since he'd be facing Krista and Danny. Unless I jumped over Chad and tackled the guy, he'd never so much as notice.

Then I had a really deviant thought. I could join him in the men's room. I could give him a blow job, right then and there. We could lock ourselves in the stall and I could let him fuck me.

Thinking of that, my mouth opened of its own accord----probably to scold me. What the hell was I doing, even contemplating that?

But Krista knew. She was smirking big time. "Hey, Annie," she said. "Did you bring a condom?"

I had to match her, blow for blow----or at least, I wanted to. It seemed, in that moment, important. So, doing my best to sound arch, I said, "My name, Krista, is Annie Cunt. Try not to forget."

Krista clapped her hands with delight. "You're amazing," she said.

I dipped my chin and gave a tiny mock bow. "Thank you."

"No, seriously," she went on. "You're game and then some. I am so turned on right now."

"Me, too," said Chad, and he let his hand slide an inch or so farther up my leg.

Krista peered out of the booth, back toward the kitchens. "We should have ordered a couple bananas," she said. "I could so use something just about that size..."

"One thing," said Danny, "and you guys know I don't want to be a killjoy, but this isn't exactly an over-eighteen bar. Can one of us maybe do a quick walk-through, at least of this wing, and make sure there's no kids?"

That struck all of us as sound policy, especially if Server Jeanie got hot and bothered enough to strip off, so Chad volunteered to check it out. I missed his hand as soon as it snaked away, but I consoled myself that it was for a good cause. Off Chad went, and to further console myself----to fill the void of his attentions----I slipped one foot out of my sandal and straightened my leg so that I deposited my foot, under the table, in Danny's lap.

"Hello, stranger," said Danny, with a grin.

"Hi, yourself," I said, as I wiggled my foot against his groin.

The man from the restroom sauntered past, on his way back to his table. I wondered who he was rejoining. A friend, a colleague? A distant business contact? Maybe a spouse or a girlfriend? He looked to be straight, or at least not flamingly gay, and it occurred to me that I could have flagged him down, asked if he'd like a blow-job in the bathroom. He might've said yes, in which case I'd have had an extra smooth and creamy drink, and he'd have seated himself back at his table with a damp spot cooling his underwear.

Considering this, my foot did a little spasmodic dance in Danny's lap, and his grin widened. "You trying to get me hard?" he asked.

I explained what I'd been thinking, and Krista leaned in and said, "You could still do it. Should I order you to? Should I tell you to leave the comfort and safety of our little booth, to follow him to wherever his table is, topless all the way, and to proposition him right there in front of whoever he's with, and then follow up on it? To take a stranger in a restaurant bathroom and suck his cock to within an inch of his life?"

Not subtle, my roommate. She'd drawn the line very clearly----and it was mercifully done. She was giving me an out, asking whether I would accept the dare in advance of its being given. It was tempting to call her bluff just to surprise her, but Chad wasn't back yet, and I really had no idea who else was out there. I was pretty sure I couldn't be arrested for public indecency so long as it was only my top that was missing, but I really didn't want to make a scene----or, to be more accurate, I didn't want to make the sort of scene where what I was doing wasn't wholeheartedly appreciated.

Surely that wasn't where feminism dead-ended, in the wanton "right" to behave in an overtly sexual manner, but only provided those around me gave their permission?

Stop it, I said, to myself. That's a ludicrous argument, and has nothing to do with actual feminism. Public spaces are and always have been different from private spaces. The rules that govern them are accordingly and appropriately different. That's all there is to it.

Yeah, said the devil on my shoulder. That sure does explain why you're half naked in a public place right this second, and that you're massaging your roomie's boyfriend's penis, and----update time, news flash!----he's just taken his cock out of his pants and you can feel the warmth of his shaft against the bottom of your foot.

"Danny," said Krista, with just a hint of criticism. "What do you think you're doing?"

Danny looked down at his lap, as if to be sure. He'd definitely unzipped, and his cock was rising higher. I couldn't see it, but I could feel it.

"Well," he said, after considering the matter. "I guess this is kind of like 'Free the Nipple.' Except I'm freeing something else."

"Because freedom is just in general an a priori good," said Krista, with enough sarcasm to alert Bill Murray.

"Yeah, something like that. Plus, I was considering cumming on your pancakes, once they get here, and watching you eat it."

That got a laugh out of me. "Seriously?" I asked. But neither one batted an eye. I hesitated, looked from one to the other, and said, "You guys done that before?"

Krista, newly sober, nodded. "This man's cum is like nectar. I have eaten it off more foods than I can remember."

With the eagerness of an agreeable puppy, Danny said, "But never at a restaurant. And since this day is looking to be full of firsts..."

Just then, Chad returned. "All clear on this end," he said. "There's like two wings, and there're kids and families on the other side. But they've got their own restrooms and everything, so they shouldn't be any kind of issue."

Krista wanted to know more. "How many tables are full, on our side?"

"There's maybe thirty tables, only six occupied. Mid-afternoon and all. Why?"

"Oh, nothing. Just, you know, Annie Cunt here was thinking of going and seducing one of them. Drag 'em back to the restroom and do terrible things with her tongue. That sort of thing."

Chad nodded, lost in thought. "Might work out well. Might not." Then he noticed Danny, who was wriggling in his seat and had one hand stroking gently, just out of sight below the table. "Danny, what are you doing?"

"What's it look like?"

Chad looked worried. "Now?"

"Definitely. Krista likes it mixed in with her maple syrup."

Damn, if I wasn't wet before, that did it. I could feel myself squelching on the vinyl seat----and as if I needed more ammunition, that was the moment Jeanie arrived. That's the advantage of pancakes: they don't take long to cook.
