 Angela and I roomed together from the beginning of that first year at college. Two 18 year olds away from parents and both of us remote from our original communities. For me the experience was a great adventure, a whole new world to explore and like any teenager there was plenty to explore with. After all as a five feet 11 inches, slim, a long legged brunette, with an alluring smile and sexy eyes life was always going to be easy for me. 

The experience wasn't as easy for Angela. The break from her family and friends, the remoteness of all that was familiar played on her mind. She was much shorter than me, but most girls are, her mousy brown hair and her rather serious face made her less attractive to the guys. Not that she was unattractive or anything, in fact she often spoke of the boyfriend she had left behind. The photos of him that stood on her desk and pinned to her wall, showed a hunky guy that most girls would be envious of.

I guess I wasn't that great a roommate either, especially after I met Tom. After about a month at College tom and I were dating and I hardly spent any time at my dorm, except late a t night to sleep. Often I would creep in late to hear Angela sobbing softly to herself.

I tried to be friends with Angela, tried to talk to her, but there was a barrier there that I couldn't break through. Finally toward the end of the first semester Angela left. It was sudden for me. I returned after a night out with Tom to find her gone. Next day the dorm manager saw me and explained that Angela had quit school to return home. It was sad.

For a few weeks I had the room to my self, which was great for Tom and me. Then Linda moved in. Linda was a first year, 18, like myself transferring from another school. I never found out why. 

Linda was a tall leggy blond, absolutely stunning in appearance, like a model. She knew how to walk and dress, swinging her narrow hips. Her personality was similar to mine, although we soon realised that our interests meant we circulated in different groups. From time to time we would meet up at parties or College events. Her boyfriend, Craig, was in my photography class.

Normally it was just like when Angela had been my roommate, we seldom met except late at night. A couple of times we stayed up late, talking about our boyfriends usually, having a few drinks. But it was rare. It was good to have a roommate who seemed to have things together a lot more and that I got on with better.

This particular night I was meant to meet Tom outside a local McDonalds. We were going to a movie then out for dinner. He had a car, which meant that the night wouldn't end after dinner. Normally we would cruise to some remote spot, there were several popular and some unknown spots for young lovers. There we would make out and finish up making love. I was looking forward to that part of the evening. My panties had a little damp spot created by my thoughts of his big, hard cock pounding my tight pussy.

Dressed in my favourite short blue dress and a pair of white spike heeled shoes I waited. It was a cool night and I had a blue denim jacket that I wrapped around my shoulders. Some friends walked by and I talked to them for about ten minutes. They tried to talk me into joining them for a burger, but I declined. Tom was now running late.

I looked up the street, then down the other way, but there was no sign of Tom's car. It was now nearly half an hour after our appointed meeting time. My friends reappeared from the McDonalds with their burgers. Again we talked for a moment and I ate a couple of fries before they wandered off into the night. I was getting colder.

Now I was worried. I pulled my cell phone from my pocket and hit the hotkey to Tom. It rang, ten switched through to his answer service. 

"Tom, where are you?" I half yelled into the phone. "I am at Mac's like we agreed, where are you? I will give you ten more minutes."

My fingers began tapping against my forearm as I waited. The ten minutes ticked by and no Tom. I was partly angry, partly worried and partly disappointed. It wasn't the first time he hadn't shown up. I was going to be interested in his excuse this time, especially because I was feeling so horny and wanted him so much.

Back up the road I stormed, into the dorm that was less than half a mile from the McDonalds and up the stairs to my room. By that time I was angry more than anything at Tom's behaviour. As I fumbled for my keys in the black shoulder bag I carried I noticed my lights were on. Linda must be in. I placed my ear against the door, checking for the noises that would say Craig was also present. Nothing. So I knocked anyway, just to be on the safe side.

"Come in," came her reply.

I sighed and opened the door. "Thought I should make sure you were alone," I laughed. Then my expression changed. 

Linda was sat on edge of her bed, dressed in a denim mini skirt and a plain white blouse. Her black heels had been kicked off and lay in a heap near her bare feet. Her keys lay jumbled on the ring in the middle of the floor. Linda herself was, or had been, sobbing, her eyes red.

"What's up Linda?" I asked walking toward the distressed girl.

"Oh it's nothing," she replied looking up at me and pretending to smile. "I'll be ok Tabby, thanks."

"Hey, doesn't look ok to me," I could tell she was distressed about something. "I've lost one roomie I don't want to lose another."

She laughed a feeble giggle. Then a tear formed in her eye and she sobbed back another. "Tabby, why do I do it?"

"What?" I asked sitting on the bed next to her, my arm going around her shoulders. Her head lowered to my shoulder and her eyes welled up with tears. 

"I've had this really bad argument with Craig," she sobbed. "I told him he should get lost…." Her voice trailed off as she choked back another sob.

"Hey, it can't be that bad, surely?"

"Yes it can," she said. I brushed my hand through her shiny blond hair, gently caressing her head.

"Do you want to tell me?" I asked, trying to comfort the blond. " If you don't want to I will understand." Suddenly my own anger had gone.

"Thanks Tabby," she answered. "It was a silly argument. He wanted to rent a porno movie and I…." Again her voice disappeared into a sob. 

I bent my head closer to her ear. "I know, I would be angry if Tom made me watch that shit too."

"No, no… we watch pornos sometimes, not regularly. It's just he wanted his best friend to join us and I didn't feel comfortable…." The tears started again.

I tapped her head sympathetically. "Hey, hey, it's ok. He will come to his senses." I didn't know what to say. "Anyway looks like we are both in the same boat – Tom stood me up tonight."

Linda looked up and swept her hair and tears away. "You're kidding? You and Tom are so cool…."

This time I interrupted her. "He's not the most reliable…." Now it was my turn, a little tear appeared in the corner of my eye.

A delicate, pale hand reached up and wiped it away before it ran down my cheek. As the hand passed across my face, barely touching my skin, a sweet, sensual face appeared on the other side. 

What happened next surprised both of us. Without a word our faces moved closer. I could feel Linda's breath against my cheek. Our lips touched, so lightly, gently and then we were kissing. Just our lips joined at first but then our mouths opened to each other, our lipstick moist and slightly sticky.

The kiss lasted forever. I felt Linda's hand coming up behind my head, pulling me closer. Then her tongue entered my open mouth, brushing mine and probing my mouth. A sensation of desire went through my body and I responded, my tongue darting into her mouth. I rubbed my left hand up her right arm, slowly, feeling the texture of her soft skin. My other hand touched her cheek.

We broke apart and sat staring at each other for a moment. My hand was still gently touching her face and hers was on mine. At first neither of us knew what to do and then we smiled, almost simultaneously. There was a little giggle and then we drew closer again, our mouths open this time as we kissed more deeply. 

As we kissed we fell back on Linda's bed, my hand brushed her breasts as we lay together. I could feel the hard nipples under the soft cotton shirt. 

Almost as soon as we were lying together I heard the zipper of my dress draw down. The blue material went loose around my breasts. Again we were kissing deeply, our tongues exploring each other's mouth as I found her waist and started untucking her shirt. I felt Linda push my shoulder straps off and fumble with my bra strap.

Suddenly my 34b breasts spilt out of the blue material as the white lace bra slipped down. I broke off the kiss to sit up and remove the dress and bra. Linda took this opportunity to take the white blouse and her bra off. Then I slipped the zip of her denim dress down and pulled the skirt off.

Dressed only in our lace panties we kissed again. Now our hands explored our bodies, touching each other's soft breasts, tweaking nipples. 

I found Linda's red, hard nipples with my mouth, sucking the hard rocks. I ran my tongue over them, making them shiny and slippery. Then I nipped them with my teeth, making Linda moan with pleasure. The blond lay back as I continued licking and sucking her breasts, leaning over her, letting my long jet black hair drape over her tummy.

Now I kissed her chest, below her breasts, then further down, near her belly button. I glanced at Linda's face, her eyes were closed and she was moaning softly. My tongue darted out to lick a gentle trail from her belly button to the point at the top of her pretty white lace panties. Her hand clasped her left breast, squeezing it, tweaking the nipple.

I ran my tongue along the small elastic band of her panties, feeling the lace on my tongue. Then I kissed her above the panties again. I let my hand wander over her pubic mound, attracting her up like a magnet. My touch was so gentle I could just feel the soft white lace.

Linda sat up touching my bare shoulder. I looked up as she beckoned me to her. Our lips locked together again, kissing deeply, our tongues in each other's mouth. Her hand brushed my face, the other squeezing my breast. Our perfumes mingled and seemed compliment each other. I moaned this time, feeling my light blue lace panties getting damp. This was so sensual.

As I was balanced on the edge of the bed I let myself slip off onto my knees beside this beautiful blond. Once more I kissed her left breast, then her nipple, My hands held her sides as my tongue led a trail back down her soft skin toward those sexy panties. My hands slipped down as my head did, my thumbs hooking into the little panties. Slowly I pulled them away from her trimmed blond pussy, down to her knees and then hooking them off her feet, tossing them to one side.

Now bare to my touch I kissed her pubic mound, smelling her dampness. Gently I prised her legs apart a little. Linda moaned in pleasure. She lowered one foot to the floor and raised the other knee making it easier for me to get between her legs.

Her red vaginal lips were swollen and red, her clit was already quite hard. Suddenly her hand appeared before my face, her fingers parting those swollen lips revealing a wet red opening. 

I kissed her clit, feeling its hardness. My tongue flicked it a couple of times getting a deep moan in response. For the first time I tasted her juice, slightly salty and sticky. Then I started licking at her pussy, flicking her clit with my tongue. Her hips were bucking a little and I reached up to hold her. My other hand came up to her pussy, a finger ready to insert.

There was a slight slurping noise as I pushed my finger in, feeling her pussy clamp on it immediately. Then I began fingering her, in and out, my mouth still sucking at her clit. The moaning grew.

"Oh God Tabby," she said in a low sultry voice. "Yes, please suck me."

In and out my finger slid, covered in her juice. Now my lips and chin were covered in her pussy juice as I continued to suck and lick. Then I inserted a second finger. Her hips were bucking even more wildly as I fingered her harder and harder.

As Linda moaned I felt the wetness between my legs grow. I lowered a hand, touching my breasts as I moved across my body to my firm tanned tummy. Then my fingers found the waistband of my flimsy light blue lace panties. My finger slipped into the lacy panties, finding its way to my moist pussy. Slowly I slipped it into myself, feeling it penetrate me. I didn't stop licking at the blond pussy in front of me, nor did my finger stop fucking her.

It was only after I had stroked my silky wet hole that I felt a hand tugging at the damp panties. Momentarily I stopped licking at that beautiful pussy to look up at the blond. But she hadn't moved, but her eyes were open now, smiling down at me. Now I could feel my butt being lifted and positioned. The touch was strong but gentle. I glanced over my shoulder. There stood Craig, his cock dangling from his open jeans like a huge rigid pole.

He just smiled at me as he continued to tug at my panties. I was so wet, so horny that I parted my legs and raised my ass in the air for him. Then I buried my head back between Linda's legs. Her pussy was so wet now, so tasty. I lapped at the juice as she spread her lips open for me. 

Craig positioned himself behind me, I could feel his cock against my butt. He slid the length of that huge rod up and down my slit making my body tingle. Then I felt it at my entrance. I stopped licking to moan as he slipped it straight in one swift action.

"Oh, yeah, oh," I moaned. 

"Hi Tabby, feeling horny were we?" Craig said, then laughed as he began rhythmically fucking my hot pussy.

My face returned to the beautiful pussy in front of me. Now I fingered her with more gusto, pushing three fingers up into her, her wet pussy juices covering my face and hand. Linda was moaning loudly now, almost on the brink. Then she broke.

"God, yes Tabby, yes, God please, oh," she called out. "God fuck my hot pussy!"

I did, ramming my fingers in and out of her, feeling her muscles contract on me, her juice flow into my mouth. Then her bucking started to slow and she moaned more softly. I slowed until my hand pulled back from her and dropped to the bed.

By now I was getting a pounding from Craig. His cock was pushing in and out of my tight pussy. My clit was on fire and my juices running. I could feel his balls against my ass as he slammed into me. Every now and then he would grunt.

"Craig, fuck me, please fuck me hard," I called to him. He obeyed. But now there was a new sensation. Linda had crawled off the bed and was lying under Craig, her tongue licking my pussy, his cock and balls.

"Oh, oh," I moaned, grabbing the sheets of the bed as I buried my head forward. "Please God, I'm going to cum."

"Fuck that tight pussy," Linda added.

"Oh please Craig, fuck me harder."

"Go on fuck her, fuck her."

"Please, please."

"Go on Craig, make the bitch cum," Linda said. "Make her cum for me."

And I did. My hips bucked back against this hard cock, he slammed it further into my wet pussy and I shuddered as my juices flowed. I felt Linda's lips clamp on the edge of his cock as he pulled slowly back, sucking my juices in. Then she licked at my pussy.

Then as I subsided he went back to pushing it in and out as his girlfriend licked us both and sucked on his balls. He held my neck as he pummeled my pussy from behind. My breasts were pressed into the soft edge of the mattress. 

"Oh baby, here it cums, you ready for this?" Craig said. 

I clamped my pussy on his rod as I felt his balls tighten and he rammed deeper into me. "Oh yeah, give it to me Craig." He did. It was a huge explosion of cum. String after sticky string filling my pussy and Linda there licking up what drops spilt out. Craig stood there, his cock buried in my tight pussy, his naked girlfriend lying under us emptying his cock in me.

It seemed like an age, but it wasn't, before Craig stepped back, letting Linda suck and lick him clean. A big dribble of thick creamy cum slid down my leg and stained my lace panties. I pulled myself onto Linda's bed and turned to smile at the couple were now kissing.

Craig stepped over to the edge of the bed and kissed me on the forehead.

"Thanks Tabby, we always knew that you would enjoy our company one day," Craig said.

I smiled back. "That was so cool, I know I am going to enjoy College now."