 Tabby arrived home quite early that evening. Usually she would have been out until the early hours, clubbing with her friends. For some reason she just wasn't in the mood. The recent break-up with her boyfriend was still raw on the 18 year olds nerves. So rather than follow her friends to another dance venue she had decided to call it a night. There would be plenty of other opportunities when she was feeling a little better.

Her mother and sister were going to be away for the weekend visiting her Grandmother. Tabby was at home with her father for the whole weekend. Looking at the cars parked near the house he was enjoying the freedom with some friends. Tabby guessed that they would be crowded into the family room, playing some poker, drinking and watching an adult video. It wouldn't be the first time.

Having been in this situation before she knew that she would be able to sneak in and get to her room without being noticed. With any luck they would keep the noise down and she could sleep. Usually they were so engrossed in the movie or the game that other than the odd hoot of laughter she hardly noticed them. Once she was in her room she would be safe.

That night she had chosen to wear her little tight fitting black dress with the low cut front. She also had her black high-heeled open-toed shoes that made her look incredibly sexy. Her dark hair shone in the artificial light as she walked up the drive. 

The key turned in the lock and she stepped into the large lit hall. As she turned the to close the door she heard someone enter the entrance hall. She looked. It was her father, accompanied by one of her friends.

"Hi," her father's friend said. "Hey, Geoff looks like the entertainment's here."

"No, no, Ted, this is my daughter Tabby," Geoff laughed. But the man had turned back to the room full of chatter and laughter. "Sorry Tabby." He turned to his daughter. "You're home early. Would you mind taking some beers through for the guys, I'm just going to the bathroom."

Tabby didn't even have time to respond as Geoff crossed the entrance and down the hall to the bathroom. Tabby shrugged as her father disappeared. Her shoes clacked on the slate entrance as she walked through to the kitchen.

Empty cans and bottles littered the counter. A stack of empty or half empty pizza cartons were piled in one corner. There was a strong smell of alcohol and cigarettes. Tabby opened the fridge door and took two half dozen bottles of beer from the shelf. They were heavy, but she was used to carrying them. 

Through in the lounge Tabby noticed that there were more men than usual, maybe about a dozen. Obviously the card games had finished. Three men were collapsed on the couch, their eyes glued to the television. Another two stood to one side of the couch. On the flickering screen a couple were engaged in some heavy petting as the male slowly removed the females garments. Tabby's gaze stopped on the three-seated men. All three had their hard cocks in their hands.

The sight made the tall young brunette stop and swallow deeply. A tingle went through her body at the sight of the enlarged red members being seductively stroked before her.

Slowly she lowered the two packs of beer to the ground; her eyes still fixed on the hard cocks. A little dampness soaked the crotch of her black lace panties. She felt her cheeks glow a little. Then a hand gave her a smack on the butt as she straightened.

"So, you are our fun, Tabby?" It was one of her father's friends called Steve. "Geoff has always said you are one hot babe."

"Hey, I'm just delivering the beers," Tabby protested with a smile.

"He said we were in for some real life hot action tonight," another of the men said, smiling lecherously at the young girl.

Steve had his hand on her shoulder now, propelling Tabby toward the trio on the couch. The couple on the film were now licking at each other's private parts. Steve's other hand touched Tabby's breast through her clothes. Tabby felt her nipple grow hard under his touch.

One of the men on the couch reached for the young girl and caressed her bare leg as Steve lent forward, the smell of stale beer filing the air. He began to kiss and lick at Tabby's neck. The hand reached her knee and clasped it, pulling at her.

Strangely Tabby felt turned on by all the attention. Another man had approached from another corner of the room, pulling at his zipper as he walked forward. The two standing by the couch had now exposed themselves. Tabby could hear the grunts of love making coming from the television.

The hand on her knee started to apply downward pressure, forcing her to kneel, Steve continued his kissing, tugging the sleeve of her dress to expose her shoulder. Now both were kneeling in front of the three hard cocks. Steve's kissing was turning her on. Now his mouth clasped her ear, playing with the simple silver earring.

One of the men on the couch moved slightly so he got a better view down the teenage cleavage. The further forward Tabby lent the more she displayed as the bodice of the dress fell open some more, exposing those small firm breasts in the black lace bra.

Without thinking her hand reached for the nearest hard cock, it was big and hard, throbbing in her grip as she gently stroked it. Another hand reached forward pulling her face toward another hard red cock. Tabby licked her red lips as her head lowered toward the pulsing meat being held for her. 

Her moist lips slipped over the red head as she began sucking the cock. The throbbing member disappeared into her moist mouth as Steve continued his kissing assault. Now his hands found the zip running down the back of the tight little black dress. Slowly he tugged it down, following the curve of her back, up over her tight butt to where it finished a few inches from the bottom. The shoulders slipped down as the bodice opened. She shimmied out of the loose sleeves letting the black fabric fall in front of her.

"Hmmm…" moaned Steve as he saw the beautiful body revealed before him.

Steve began kissing the newly exposed skin around her back, along her sides. His tongue flicked from time to time at the soft skin. Tabby released the cock from her mouth to moan a little before resuming her bobbing action on the cock. Her tongue licked away a little dribble of pre-cum as she moved up the shaft. At its base her hand held the rigid cock in a gentle grip.

"Oh yes baby, yes," the man moaned. "Christ take it deep, take my cock."

The other delicate little hand continued to tug at the other exposed cock, sliding over the strong muscle with ease. The silver bangles on her wrists making a light ringing noise as her hand moved. He moaned occasionally.

All the while the movie continued. The woman was gasping loudly now, reaching her climax.

As the woman on the television reached her peak Tabby felt more hands moving to her butt, raising the black skirt up over her hips, exposing the black lace panties. She knew it wasn't Steve as he had started to lick at her breasts hanging below her body. Now both her nipples were standing out hard against the black lace.

"You are so beautiful Tabby, I've dreamt of this moment for years," Steve whispered as he licked her body.

The hand at her butt started to rub gently across her hips, feeling the soft round butt, touching the black lace panties lightly. Then the hand pulled the crotch aside, giving her trimmed pussy full view of the room. His hand touched her swollen damp outer lips, and then a finger slid forward, easing its way in. Once more Tabby found herself releasing the cock from her mouth to moan. As her lips returned to the cock the finger began slipping in and out of her pussy.

"Oh, yeah," the man fingering said. "Oh, what a tight cunt. You are beautiful babe."

She felt her knees being pushed apart by the man, her black lace panties pulled down her legs and then felt his hard cock bounce against her thigh. He continued fingering her, sliding in and out faster and faster. Tabby could feel an orgasm building. Her eyes began to bulge a little as tingles started flowing through her. Her action on the hard cock got more frantic, sucking it harder and deeper.

It was the man she was sucking who exploded first. He stood slightly, pushing his cock deep into her mouth, at the same time holding her head still. She felt him tense and his load spurt forth. At first she thought she would choke, but managed to take the sticky hot cum as it flooded her mouth. A little dribble foamed from one corner of her red lips, to dribble down her chin.

As he pulled the dribbling cock away from her face the man behind her rubbed his cock head across her clit sending a shiver through the brunette. Then she felt the cock being pushed into her, stretching her pussy lips wide as it entered. It wasn't even half way in when she shuddered with her first orgasm.

"Ohhhhh…ohhhhh, God yes," she called out. "Yes, please fuck me, fuck me hard."

Her pussy flooded as she convulsed on her knees, pushing back, letting his cock bury itself in her. He obliged pushing against her butt, then starting a frantic pumping action. 

"Yeah babe, what a tight little cunt, hot as well," the man whispered as he pushed into her, deeper and deeper.

"Yes, please fuck me, fuck my cunt, fuck me hard."

Steve came around the front, kissing Tabby full on the lips, licking away the residue cum from the other man. His tongue plunged into her mouth. As Tabby quietened from her orgasm she noticed the new cock displayed in front of her. It was Steve's. Greedily she took it in her mouth, sucking it deep.

It was this scene that Geoff walked back into. Two men standing to one side jacking off, two sitting on the couch, one being given a hand job, the other a blowjob. Yet another man fucking her and yet another standing jacking off on the other side. Finally another man was kneeling jacking off with one hand while fondling her breasts that were now hanging loose, the bra cups having been pulled below the white breasts. And the girl was Tabby his daughter.

At first he stood, gasping at the scene. Then he looked at the person standing at his side. A tall blond girl, Monique, he had hired for the night. She wasn't much older than Tabby, and just as sexy. He swallowed hard.

"Looks like your friends have started without us," Monique said turning to face Geoff.

"Not all of us honey," one of the other men said, tweaking the tall blond on the butt under her little white skirt.

"Argh," the man fucking Tabby called as he rammed his cock deeper into her. She reached back, touching his balls as he spurted his cum into her hot pussy.

"Yeah, yeah, fill me with your hot cum, do it," Tabby called out.

Gradually he collapsed across her back, letting his sticky cock fall from her hole. A dribble of hot cum oozed down her thigh as he stood up.

Monique was kissing Geoff as she reached for his fly. The man behind them was tugging the white skirt to the floor. Monique parted her long legs letting the man kiss her butt, touching her pussy through the white lace thong. She moaned as he gently rubbed with one hand, kissed her bare skin gently and began tugging the thong with the other hand. He pulled them down, over the white lace top stockings, to her mid thigh. His face now buried between her legs.

Tabby moaned as the man who had been standing alone next to her positioned himself behind her. The sensation of his cock brushing across her sensitive pussy was enough to send a wave of tingles through her young body. Gradually his cock stretched her pussy as he pushed deeper into her. A dribble of the first man's cum oozed out as he pushed in.

Steve was moaning hard now as Tabby worked up and down his cock, smearing it with her saliva. Sucking it faster and faster as the man at her pussy began rocking in and out of her with a gentle push.

The blond prostitute was tugging on Geoff's hard cock as Geoff reached for the flimsy white blouse she wore. Each button revealed more of the sexy white bodice she was wearing. He lent to kiss her neck, her shoulder and then her breasts when they came into view as the blouse slipped off. The bodice laced in the front and Geoff found the ties, letting the lace garment slip open. Immediately his mouth found a red pointed nipple.

As his mouth slipped from her soft breast Monique slipped to her knees, her high heels kicking the man behind her accidentally. Her mouth found Geoff's hard cock, slipping over it, sucking it deep. He held the back of her head as it bobbed up and down the hard cock. The other man positioned himself and entered the wet blond from behind. Soon he was sliding in and out of the slick pussy.

The two men sitting on the couch began re-positioning Tabby. She kicked the black lace panties off as she stood. Standing up they guided the girl to the couch, letting her slouch in the soft seat, her legs akimbo, her red pussy oozing a little cum. Tabby clutched the black dress, holding it at her waist as she was positioned.

Steve moved to kneel beside Tabby, letting her continue to suck his hard cock. Another man moved between her legs, his erect cock pointed at her love hole. The brunette let out a moan as he pushed into her, displacing some more sperm. Yet another of her fathers friends stood beside her. Somehow she reached out to stroke his cock as the orgy commenced again.

Monique was holding Geoff's cock as the man behind her ravaged the blonde's pussy. Her moans mingled with those of the others. Then the man exploded in her, his cum shooting deep inside her. Geoff always ordered a prostitute who would do it without a condom. 

As soon as the man stepped back Geoff guided Monique onto her back on the floor. He kissed the blond as he guided his cock to her leaking pussy. Soon he was pumping away at her.

It was Steve who was next to cum. Not as neat as the others, he managed to cover her face in hot sticky cream as his cock slipped from her mouth. Taken by surprise Tabby had to close her eyes as a stream of cum splattered across her face. Almost immediately the man she was tugging also spurted his load. Most of it hit Tabby on the shoulder and on her breasts. The girl laughed as the shiny liquid dripped from her.

Another man pushed past the one Tabby had been playing with to shoot his load onto the prone girl. Cum splashed her face and neck once more.

"Yeah, yeah, fuck me," Tabby called out as the man fucking her pushed in. "Go on fuck my pussy."

"Argh." he yelled as he shot his load into her. "God, yes. What a pussy. Oh yeah."

Just then Geoff pushed deep into Monique filling her with his sperm.

The whole group seemed exhausted. The smell of sex was strong in the air. Tabby looked down at her black dress now splattered in a spider's web of cum. A dribble of cum had pooled in her black lace bra. She ran a hand across her face to try and remove some of the drying liquid.

Then she heard a female squeal and realised that Monique was being used again. From her position on the couch she couldn't see what was happening. But it didn't matter as a male hand was caressing her own breasts and she could feel the hard cock against her leg. A mouth closed on her hard nipple as the man started to guide his cock to her red opening.

"Ohhh…" moaned Tabby as the cock sunk into her sending a trickle of cum down her leg. The man was baring down on her chest now as he pumped in and out of her pussy.

"Hey, Bud, what do you think this young one's ass is like?" someone interrupted.

"Yeah, roll over bitch," the man said pulling his cock from her hole.

"Please, don't do that," Tabby pleaded. "I haven't done that before."

"Shut it hun," the man said pushing her off the couch.

The two men got her on her front. One was holding her while the other positioned his long hard cock at her butt. Tabby started to cry, this was not the fun she had encouraged earlier. She felt the big head slowly ease its way in, stretching her ass open. Even though she was being held, the two men were gentle with her.

Then he began pumping in and out of the virgin ass. His cock well lubricated from her pussy juice and the other men's cum. In and out it plunged. Tabby felt it hurt at first, then a strange sensation went through her. Another orgasm began to build as she felt her ass being violated.

Another man stood over Tabby pulling at his hard cock watching. Slowly the man who had been holding her down released his grip and began masturbating as well. It was the man in her ass who came first, squirting his cum into her. He pulled out of her ravaged hole with a pop. Hot cum dribbled over her soft round butt.

As the man stood Tabby felt her butt being pushed up into a kneeling position.

"I prefer pussy myself," the man touching her said. Without any other word he rammed his cock into the young girls pussy. Once more Tabby was fucked hard by a strange cock.

Over on the floor Monique was servicing three men. One was fucking her ass; another in her mouth while Geoff was in her pussy. 

Once again there was a large shower of cum for both girls as the men spurted their cum into and onto their bodies.

This time the men slowly dressed or returned their cocks to their pants. Each one filed past Geoff shaking his hand and thanking him for the great party.

Tabby lay on the floor. A puddle of cum lay next to her. Her body was covered in the drying cream. Her dress had been striped from her and lay in a crumpled mess, covered in their juice. Likewise her underwear lay in a puddle of men's cum.

Monique was busy dressing. She was no longer a mess, having excused herself to shower. The meter had run out after she had been fucked 7 times. Geoff led her to the door as Tabby sat up.

She heard the door close for the last time. Now she wondered what would happen. Geoff walked back in and smiled at his daughter, her naked body lying in all that male cream.

"Why don't you come over here and lick Daddy clean?" Geoff smiled at the brunette.

Tabby smiled back and crawled toward his hardening cock.