 Barren trees and the frosted ground create a gray hue to the rolling hills on either side of my car windows. While some think the landscape dreary this time of year, especially with no snow on the ground yet; I find it mysterious. The car window provides a modern frame for driving through what I see as black and white photographs. 

I downloaded an interesting collection of music for this trip. Songs to free my mind of the hours of analyzing technical materials and allowing me to readjust to the evening's potential. My thoughts shift to our last date or should I say the two consecutive meetings. 

How easily I am persuaded by your mere presence. Even the sweet taste and fragrant bouquet of the red wine was no match for the impact of your lips. Seated on your couch, a glass of wine poised in my hand, your initial pass at me was wholly unexpected. Somehow, you infiltrated my thoughts so when I relaxed and laughed at whatever comment you just made, you found an opportunity to touch my face and kiss me. How easily that evening unfolded. Leaving the couch under your quiet guidance, no pragmatic thoughts prevented me from taking your extended hand and following you to the bedroom. I simply wanted. And, no amount of responsible whispers from my prudent self could prevent me from satisfying that want. As the speakers streamed Verdi into my car, my memory distracted me with thoughts of your scent and the feel of your tongue. I left your house that night wanting more. Not from lack of satisfaction but from the pull one has to a craving. Like, when the desire to binge overtakes any consequential result from satiation. My thoughts swam in the pleasures acquired from your attentions. Miles clicked off my odometer while reverie of your tongue lashing consumed my mental faculties. 

The second date was a Saturday night where we purchased more time and spent the night together. My own desire dominated any other agenda. My lust for the feel of you inside me again coupled with satisfying my curiosity for the flavor of your cum placed me as the aggressor. I needed to taste you but the sound of your voice expressing one word halted my efforts. It wasn't the word itself but its context and your tone that struck me. Although we both knew the evening's inevitable direction, the utterance contained a passionate request. The word "please" exploded into my ear sending me into a new level of interest and desire for you. Soon, we both shed our clothing and began competing over the position to provide rather than receive pleasure from each other. Hours passed while we explored. We learned each others movements and responses. I especially enjoyed watching your expression when you entered me. It began with pure lust-a driven, wanton persistence. Then, as you gaze met mine and caught me watching you, the expression turned playful and sensitive. Behind your eyes I could sense the conflict brewing in your mind while my muscles squeezed you from within. Releasing your lust would flood my insides but you wanted to allow me my request which meant pulling out of me and giving me a taste of you. I held back my own conflicted thoughts. I wanted to again feel you fill me but released my grip so my mouth could absorb your release. I held back my orgasm and you eventually acquiesced allowing me to swallow the salty sweetness expelled from your arousal. While I licked you clean and sucked you empty, I also caved to your ministrations soaking your face with my response. When morning arrived, I couldn't resist having you again. I straddled your midsection pulling you into me. I adore morning erections and you accommodated my desires while I rode you into a mutual orgasm.

Weeks passed the two of us too involved in our independent lives. Finally, time yielded allowing us to get together again. I needed a shift in music so I flipped to the radio. Fiona Apple's voice filled my mind with new thoughts. I left an image of our last passionate embrace wondering why I was meeting you in so public a location. You were secretive, perhaps playfully so. I had made no subtleties of my intentions when we were together again. I cannot believe the radio just followed Fiona with Dave Matthews' Crush. 

I wasn't too familiar with the venue so I combined classic and comfortable in my attire. I pulled a pair of leather boots over a faded pair of jeans then added a silk button down blouse under a delicate woven sweater. The restaurant's ambiance was eclectic. Brick and stone mixed with plaster walls created a comfortable backdrop for the wooden table tops and pottery dinnerware. A glass of wine was already waiting for me as I approached your table. I closed my eyes when your lips met mine and opened them again slowly to find your playful gaze. 

"Hi" I said as I began removing my scarf and coat. When I moved to sit across the table, you redirected me and pushed me gently toward the inside of the bench seat. I was a little confused.

"We're meeting someone," you said with a boyish grin fashioned across your lips. There was a look in your eyes that I did not know yet. Mischief? I was personally feeling a little mischievous. The Fiona song was still stuck in my head, "I'm a bad, bad girl..." I was hungry so dinner was a fine anticipatory set. I slid my hand inside your thigh and sat a little closer to you while I sipped my wine. In a sideways glance, I caught a look I did know. The expression I see before you disappear between my legs. 

"Am I late?" The voice belonged to a smiling man about mid-forties. I looked up at him as he removed his coat. When he looked back at me, he extended his hand, "so nice to finally meet you. I've heard so much I feel that I already know you."

His comment left me speechless with surprise. Funny, I thought, I don't know anything about you. Then, he chuckled as if he could read my mind. 

"Not really." he remarked. "I just wanted to see what you'd do." You were laughing next to me and nudged my shoulder. I must have had this completely bewildered look on my face.

A waitress appeared and handed out menus but you kept the one for me. "I'll order for you," you said. I was surprised but impressed. I find that controlling but in a sexy way. An assertion of old-fashioned dominance but in your own way the effort showed a level of care and a somewhat protective display of endearment. 

You and your friend engaged in a discussion that led me to believe that you either worked together or perhaps shared the same profession. I just listened and watched the familiar exchange. An official introduction was finally made. His name is Jon and an old school buddy. The conversation shifted to talk of the football game from earlier in the week. I just listened. Your hand squeezed my thigh. The conversation shifted to my direction.

"How did the two of you meet?" Again, Jon displayed that warm, friendly smile. Sitting directly across the table from you, I looked at his bright eyes. His button down shirt once held a tie but fell open at the collar revealing a t-shirt beneath. I adore a well-dressed conservative look. Despite the usual Friday dress down, he wore khakis denoting that he probably wore a suit the rest of the work week. 

"I ordered him out of a catalog." That response produced a laugh from both of you. 

"Minky," you said in my ear as you kissed my cheek. I still don't know what that is supposed to mean but it makes me smile whenever you send it in a text. My joke definitely broke the ice just as dinner arrived. Conversation turned flirtatious while we ate a really well made meal. I finished off a second glass of wine but before the waitress appeared again, you mentioned that our dinner companion was a wine expert.

"Hardly," he responded. "But, I just acquired a case of some pretty good stuff. We should head to my place and crack it open." It seemed that the two of you exchanged a look but the meaning escaped me at that moment. You helped me into my coat and we walked to my car together.

"May I drive?" you inquired to my surprise. I wondered where your car was but I agreed and handed over my keys. After all, it was dark and I had no idea where we were going. 

We followed Jake a little ways out of town to a simple ranch-style house. As you and I walked across the narrow sidewalk leading to the door, Jake explained that it wasn't much but it was home. Inside there were wood floors and simple furnishings. A leather couch and loveseat formed a conversational L-shape with a heavy wood end table separating them. A Persian-style rug sat on the floor between the largest couch and a wide screen TV. The internal wall held a built in bookcase filled with books, knickknacks and pottery. Two-steps led to a raised dining room with a small table at one end and a large stone fireplace at the other. Jon headed directly to the fireplace and lit the logs within then slipped out the backdoor presumably for more wood.

Although the decor was very masculine, the little house was very cozy and I felt comfortable immediately. I removed my coat and hung it on a walk rack near the door. Next, I leaned against the couch and removed my boots. You disappeared into the kitchen obviously knowing your way around. The back door opened and Jon dropped a pile of chopped wood into a box near the fireplace. 

I was looking around when Jon pointed to the hall in case I needed the facilities. I found four doors. My first try led to an office. The second door revealed a small bathroom. I left my shirt out and released my hair from its tie back. When I came back into the main room, you were opening a bottle of wine and Jon was stoking the fire. 

"Should we have some music?" I asked. You took the cue and grabbed a remote from the large end table. Sinatra's voice filled the house much to my surprise. I fully expected classic rock or modern pop. Jon took my hand and spun me into him. We assumed the position and moved along the floor in a foxtrot. He knew how to turn, spin me and a grandiose dip. When the song ended, he explained he took lessons due to his sister's wedding. I love to dance and know most of the traditional ones along with western. I caught you watching. Jon was still holding me in the first position waiting for the next song to begin. I kept eye contact with you while Bobby Darin crooned Beyond the Sea and Jon led me around the dining room. We even took the steps down into the living room where Jon led a dramatic turn out for me to land in your arms. The next song The Way You Look Tonight was a favorite so you pushed me off into Jon again. We picked up the pace from a foxtrot to a social. The dancing coupled with the fire was making me pretty warm so when the song ended, I pulled off my sweater. Jon retreated to a bar cabinet in the dining room and produced three wine glasses. You pulled me close to you, kissed me and pushed my hair away while you held my face. I love when you do that and I returned your gaze. 

"I'm glad you like Jon." you said. Jon brought us the glasses. As he handed the wine to me, his gaze dropped to my chest and he smirked. Somehow, you managed to unbutton my shirt while you were kissing me. I felt my face flush and when I reached to close my blouse with my free hand but one of your hands grabbed mine while the other caressed my neck. You pulled me toward you and kissed me. Your hands caressed my face and my hair while you held me. I tensed up not knowing what was happening. I took a sip from the wine glass. 

"Just a little fun," you said. There was that soft, calm yet persistent tone that toppled me during our first encounter. I took another sip and found my glass empty. 

"Can't have that now can we?" Jon dashed off and returned with a fresh glass. 

"We need better music." you declared. Jon laughed and picked up the remote. Sinner's Prayer streamed into the room. Whatever tension I felt disappeared with BB King's voice. It was your turn as my dance partner. A buzz loosened me up a little and I swayed with you. My hips rotated independent of my thoughts and matching up with yours in a slow bump and grind. Your hand caught in my hair and you kissed my neck. Rock Me Baby played next while we kissed and moved to the seductive music.

Jon touched my shoulder and I turned enough for him to pull me away from you. He pushed me away with one hand engaging a slow lindy step. Then, he pulled me back. I felt you behind me and my shirt fell away. I didn't care. Wine was dulling my brain waves and the John Lee was singing Boom Boom Boom so whatever inhibitions still lingered dissipated. Jon danced me backward while you released the clip on my bra. It fell away from my skin, down my arms and I tossed it to the couch. Jon needed no other signal. His hands gripped my breasts while you nibbled my neck. I was trapped between the two of you but managed to pull Jon's shirt out of his pants. I guess that motion symbolized my consent because Jon captured one hand and you reached for the other one as he led the way to the hall with four doors. 

He opened the farthest door revealing a king sized bed covered in a down comforter. Then, he left the room into a master bathroom. In his absence, you kissed me and whispered, "You ok baby? Look at me." Both your hands held my face while I looked into your eyes. I didn't have to say anything. Your expression changed to the one I observed earlier that evening. It was mischief although more so now than before. A wry smile formed on your lips and then you pulled me into a strong embrace. I felt safe and that is all that mattered.

You turned me around. Jon's mouth crushed against mine. I accepted his tongue in my mouth as his hand found my breast again. His warm skin shocked my cold nipples and I shuddered slightly. He sat on the edge of the bed and took my cold breast into him mouth. You were gone from the room, presumably to the bathroom. Jon suckled, switching from one hard nipple to the other. I moved between his legs and gripped his thighs while his intensity grew stronger. When you returned, I felt your bare skin behind me. Jon released the breast he was sucking and I turned around to you. Your shirt was off. I kissed you and held your bare chest to mine. Jon's hands found my hip bones and kneaded my hips through my jeans. Your hand dropped between my thighs and rubbed me. I pushed against your palm as my breathing and arousal grew. 

"You're so wet. Ummm..." you moaned. "I need to taste that sweetness of yours." With that comment, you popped the button on my jeans and pulled the zipper. Jon helped the process along. I could feel his hot breath on my cheeks when my pants dropped below my waist and over my hips. His hands pushed the material down my legs while you slipped yours inside my panties. When your fingers found the warm wetness, Jon's removed my panties. He helped me lift one leg then the other so no stitch of clothing interfered with either of your plans. I knew he was behind me but I still flinched when his hands gripped each cheek of my exposed ass. You continued to finger my clit, occasionally dipping a finger inside then spreading even more wetness across my erect clit. Jon spread me open and pushed me down toward you. His tongue pierced me wetting my anal ring and then proceeding to the inside of my soaked pussy. I leaned into him practically sitting on his upturned face. My heart raced, my breath quickened and my first orgasm exploded out of me washing Jon's face with even more wetness. I nearly lost my balance but he moved up my back quickly and supported me. Somewhere along the way, he managed to rid himself of clothing. His bare erection pushed between my legs landing the head against my vaginal opening. 

Now, with me practically sitting on Jon's lap, your head dropped between my thighs spreading them over Jon's legs. I barely recovered from the orgasm when your mouth attacked my pussy with vigor. Your fingers dipped inside me manipulating my weeping pussy to open and receive Jon's cock. Your tongue flattened against me creating a soft massage for my clit just as Jon penetrated me. Impaled on his cock, I couldn't move at all. You pushed my legs outward opening me further still while lapping at my flowing juices. Jon pushed up deeper inside me. 

"Baby..." I moaned. "I want to suck your cock."

"Ummm..." you replied but continued your tongue lashing. I pushed back against Jon trying to catch my breath. To my dismay, he pulled his cock out. Then, he released me and moved up over the edge of the bed pulling me along with him. You dropped your pants and joined us sandwiching me between both your naked bodies. I still couldn't catch my breath so you stroked my skin from my neck down to my breasts, gently calming my system. Jon's mouth found mine and gave me a series of soft, sensual kisses. I turned my head and tasted your lips. They were soaked from my juices. I rolled over on top of you. I wanted to feel you inside me. Your familiar hardness filled me and I paused for a few seconds to enjoy that sensation and watch your expression. The brief intimacy was interrupted as Jon presented his beautiful cock to my mouth. I accepted him swirling my tongue around the head. You began a slow rhythm of strokes. My tightened my pussy around your cock each time you pulled back and plunged in. Jon pressed his pelvis forward so I could absorb more and more of his shaft between my lips and across my tongue. 

I listened to your breathing and heart rate they were increasing dramatically signaling your orgasm so I pulled away. The effort made Jon's cock drop from my mouth. Both of you looked surprised but there was something I wanted. I sat up and repositioned myself over Jon's cock. My ass was practically in your face and you took it in your hands helping me to impale myself on Jon's erection. While I slid downward slowly, your tongue entered my ass wetting the opening and teasing me until I quivered. A finger replaced your tongue and my efforts to sit on Jon's cock slowed while you manipulated the opening stimulating the area and relaxing me by switching from tongue to fingers and back again. I took more of Jon's cock in when I felt the head of your cock against my rear entrance. I could feel your knees on either side of my hips. You gently pushed against me letting me relax and then increased the pressure against my ass until it gave way and you slid inside. Both of you stopped your movements. Jon kissed my face and neck while gently caressing me. You rubbed your hands across my back and ass cheeks while keeping a slight pressure as your cock entered me further. It was my turn to react and I slid myself further onto Jon's cock. He pulled out slightly while you increased your depth. I closed my eyes and lost myself to the intensity of the dual pressure on all my pleasure points. I moaned, "yes, oh yes" which both of you took as a sign to continue.

As if the two of you were experts at the dual penetration, a near choreographed pattern of movements worked me into an orgasmic fervor. My pussy squeezed Jon while my ass accommodated you. I was relaxed, aroused, intrigued and lost in hedonistic pleasure. A sensation erupted from within my abdomen. I felt a strong tingling almost like an urge to pee. I came as a deluge of fluid soaked Jon's cock and the base of your cock and balls. It triggered a simultaneous eruption from both of you. Your hot cum blasted my bowels. His ejaculate flooded my pussy mixing with my own flood. I squeezed you from inside not wanting to release you just yet. Jon felt the contraction against his overly sensitized cock. 

"Easy, sweetheart, I need to pull away." Jon whispered first and his flaccid cock spilled out. You pulled me upward against you although I could feel your energy depletion as you strained to near carry me away with you. We fell over with your arms still wrapped around my torso. My body shook uncontrollably signaling the end of my orgasm and a drop in my core temperature. 
