 Tabby had gone to her friends Laura for lunch, like she did every Saturday. A small group of friends always met there for lunch and some fun. Laura's was the place of choice because it was almost half way between Tabby's to the West, Tammi's to the South and Jen's to the North. The four 22 year olds had grown up in this area together, all gone to school together. Jen still lived with her widowed Mum. Now they met on most Saturdays to plan their weekends.

Tabby and Tammi were called the twins, not because they were related, but because they were very similar in looks. Both stood 5 foot 9 tall, were slim and more than attractive. What distinguished them apart was Tabby's long black hair and Tammi's long blond hair. Jen had mousy coloured hair and was a good four inches shorter than the twins. Laura was a brunette, not as dark as Tabby, a little shorter and her face was not as stunning as the twins.

"So what's happening tonight girls?" Tabby asked putting her coffee mug down on the breakfast counter they were all seated at.

"I don't know," Laura said taking the empty mug to the dishwasher, she was always the perfectionist.

"There's a new club opening up on Summertime Drive which looks like it might be worth checking out," Jen chipped in.

"Cool," Tabby said. "Shall we try that?"

"Sounds OK to me," Tammi said pouring a glass of wine for each of the girls.

"Actually I'm supposed to be meeting Mike tonight," Laura said quietly. "I think I will have to give it a miss tonight."

"You've been seeing a lot of Mike lately Laura," Tabby ribbed her old friend. "Things must be going OK for you."

Laura blushed and looked at her friends. "You know how it is guys, when you're hot you're hot."

They all giggled and drank some of the wine. The afternoon wound on, drinking wine, giggling, gossiping. Soon they were all feeling the effects of the wine in the hot summer heat.

"Well guys, I hate to break up this fun little gathering but I have to get ready to go," Laura announced. "Mike is picking me up me up at six."

"That's over two hours away Laura," Jen exclaimed.

"It will take her that long to look beautiful," Tammi joked.

"It's all very well for little miss twin beauty there," Laura retaliated jokingly.

"No, no Laura's right we should make a move," Tabby said. "I still have to pick up my car at the garage, its having a service done."

"OK," Tammi relented. "Do you want me to drop you by the garage then?"

"If you could, it will save me getting the bus."

"Which shop do you take it to?" Jen asked.

"Joe's Auto Repair on Davis Street."

"That's the place with all the spunky mechanics isn't it?" Jen asked, a smile on her face. "Yeah, I know the place. Now we know what you do with your spare time Tabby. You hang out down there to watch those spunky guys in their overalls," Laura joked.

"Come on!" Tabby protested. "I go there for the service." 

"Are you sure you go there for a service and not to be serviced?" Laura dug.

"You have to admit those guys at Joe's are really spunky Tabby," Tammi spoke up.

"Tammi! Thanks for the support. Not one of those mechanics has ever given me a side on glance, they are too professional," Tabby said with serious conviction and a slinky smile.

"So you admit that you would like to get it on with one of them?" Jen joked.

"No…I didn't say that," Tabby bit back.

"You didn't need to. Which one do you fancy Tabby?" Laura asked. 

"I told you I don't fancy any of them. They all look hunky to me."

With that the other three girls erupted into giggles.

"Come on guys, stop hassling Tabby, I take my car there too and I must admit those mechanics sure look good looking." Tammi said as the giggles died down.

"So you too, eh Tammi?" Jen nudged the blond.

"No, no, don't start on me, I have a boyfriend," Tammi smiled back.

"Yeah, yeah, Doug is away most weekends. When the cats away the mice will…" Jen was cut off with a dig in the ribs from Tammi.

"Anyway those guys are probably too good for you twins," Laura said, returning from the bench.

"Now who's stirring," Tabby laughed. "Don't you mean we are too good for them?"

"No, I knew what I meant," Laura said.

"I reckon those guys would just love a piece of me," Tammi laughed getting off the bar stool and walking toward the passage swaying her hips seductively. "Be right back."

Another giggle circulated as the girls thought about her comments. Tammi was gone at the bathroom for a couple of minutes. During that time Tabby had to defend herself against the taunts of her fellow friends.

"I know what will fix these bitches," Tammi said, rejoining the conversation. "Let's have a little wager."

"Tell me more," Tabby smiled.

"Let's see," Tammi said thoughtfully. "If we can get one of those mechanics to come with us to the new club tonight you two have to buy us dinner next weekend."

"You're on!" Laura exclaimed. "But how will I know, I'm going out with Mike."

"Jen can meet us there, let's say no later than 8.30 tonight." "OK," Jen agreed.

The four girls parted company. Tammi and Tabby returning to Tammi's house while Jen headed to her own. 

At Tammi's the twins decided to make this a no contest. They knew they had the looks, all they needed to do was dress to kill. Being the same size and build made it easy to pick some things from Tammi's extensive collection of clothes.

Tammi herself decided on a black lace teddy which laced up the front. A short tight fitting white skirt which barely covered her crotch and a loose fitting electric blue blouse. She deliberately left enough buttons undone to show a bit of cleavage and the lace top of the teddy. Finally she pulled on a pair of white strap sandals with little heels.

Tabby chose a pair of tiny white lace panties and a matching bra. Despite the heat she also decided on a pair of white lace topped stockings attached to an elegant white lace garter belt. This she covered with another very short red skirt which like Tammi's only covered her crotch when she was standing straight. A white tight fitting cotton top was her final garment. She wore a pair of Tammi's black spike heels o her feet, they contrasted nicely with the white stockings.

Both girls spent an hour just on their make-up. Their lips were glossed in red lipstick, there eyes highlighted with mascara and their hair platted and done up with spray and clips. 

Ready for action they left Tammi's flat for the 20 minute drive to Joe's Auto repairs. They arrived just before closing. In fact one of the mechanics was bringing in a mobile sign which advertised cheap tyres. Tammi pulled in front of the big three bay garage and stopped.

Tabby took a deep breath and looked at her friend. Tammi looked absolutely stunning. If she, Tabby, looked even half that good this would be a push over. They smiled at each other as they got out of the car. Tabby lent back into Tammi's car to get her small black handbag, she would still need to pay for the service. As she lent in she didn't realise it but she gave the man retrieving the sign the first flash of her little white lace panties. He hurried by into the large dark garage building.

The girls walked in together confidently. At first they couldn't see anyone, but as they progressed into the darkness they saw a man lying on his back under a car with another man standing beside him. These were the hunky mechanics. 

The man standing was dark and tall, well built. In the dim light of the garage they could see he had his overalls unzipped and the top half stripped to his waist and tied their with the sleeves. Sweat covered his muscular smooth chest. 

The other man was tall and well built as well. He had a rugged look to his features. Both men were Gods in their own right.

"Hi ladies," the first man said, wiping his hands on his overalls and extending it to Tabby.

Using her best seductive smile she accepted the hand and gave a delicate shake. "Hi, I've come for my car please. It's the red Honda. Sorry we are so late."

Meanwhile Tammi was looking at the other man standing nearby now. Her tongue did an involuntary lick of her glossy lips.

Just then two other men appeared. One was the guy who had been bringing in the sign and the other was much younger, teenager.

"OK Tim, you can close the door on your way out if you like, thanks for helping today," one of the men said to the young lad.

He waked out of the garage shutting the door as he went.

"Right the Honda. Come this way. By the way my name is Rick," the bare-chested mechanic said, guiding Tabby toward her car.

Tabby tripped on a piece of equipment lying on the ground and almost fell. Rick reached out and held her, helping her to steady. She looked at him and smiled. He held her a moment longer than was necessary, looking down the cotton top at her luscious breasts held by the white lace bra.

"Thank you," she stated, smiling seductively, pouting her lips a little.

"You're welcome. You have to be careful around here, there are lots of dangerous hard objects which might hurt you."

"Yes," she glanced at the bulge in his crotch and smiled again.

Tammi meanwhile had managed to drop her handbag. She bent to pick it up, flashing her black lace teddy at the two other mechanics standing right behind her. She bent over, stiff-legged, spreading them a little so they got a good view of her pubic mound.

"How much for the service?" Tabby asked as Rick retrieved the service sheet from the Honda.

"I'll just add it up," he said.

"I must say I am always satisfied with the service I get here," Tabby said seductively.

"Thank you miss," Rick said, trying to add even though all he could do is look at the stocking covered legs standing next to him.

"What is your names?" Tammi asked the two men as she finished standing up.

"I'm Matt and he is Tony," the older of the two said, still shocked at the sight he had just witnessed.

"I'm Tammi. I have been bringing my Ford here for at least two years now."

"Have you miss," Tony said.

"Call me Tammi please."

"Yes Tammi." Tony was mesmerised.

"That will be sixty five dollars thanks miss," Rick stated showing the brunette the sheet. "We only changed the oil and gave it a quick look over. She's running real good."

"Not the only thing I think," Tabby whispered to him noting his growing bulge. Rick went red, but stood his ground. "A check alright for that?"

"Sure," Rick replied, running his eyes over the slim, firm body of the girl before him.

Tabby looked in her bag and took out the check book and pen. She walked to the front of her red Honda and placed the check book on the bonnet. Then she bent forward to write it out. The little red skirt rode up her thighs, exposing the white panties to Rick's gaze.

"So Tony, do you like fast cars?" Tammi asked.

"Yes I love racing cars," he replied.

"And fast women I bet," Tammi flashed a smile at him.

He blushed.

"Don't be so bashful," Tammi reassured him. "Matt there isn't bashful, are you Matt?"

"No," Matt replied with confidence.

Tabby started to write out the check. Rick moved a little closer to her, until he was right at her left shoulder, just a little behind the sweet smelling brunette. By now the temperature in the garage had gone up as the men looked over these two beautiful, seductive women.

As Tabby finished writing the check she felt a hand on her shoulder. Instinctively she knew it was Rick. She could feel his hot breath against her neck. She wanted to turn but his strong hand seemed to be keeping her facing away from him. 

Then she heard the sound of a zipper. She took a deep breath and reached back with her hand. Sure enough she came in contact with a hard cock. This time she glanced back over her shoulder. Rick was standing almost directly behind her now, still with a hand on her shoulder, the other wrapped around the biggest thickest cock she had seen, sticking out of the oily overalls.

"Well, I think you can rip up that check miss," he laughed. "I know you have better ways of paying that account."

"What do you mean?" She pretended that she hadn't touched his exposed cock, seen it waving in the air. Pretending she wasn't turned on by the sight of it.

There was no reply. Instead he gripped her neck and pushed her a little further forward over the car bonnet. Then he rubbed the head of the cock against her white lace panties. Tabby felt the sticky pre-cum soaking into the lace.

"Hmmm….sure feels good to me," Rick said. He released his grip on her neck, the hand going around to cup one of her firm little breasts, giving it a little squeeze. "Yes, very nice."

As his hand withdrew from her breast she could see a large black imprint of the hand on the white cotton top. Then she felt the hand tugging at the soft cotton, untucking it from the skirt. Hs hand slipped up inside the top to feel her breasts again, running over the lace bra, tweaking her nipples, making them hard. Tabby let out a moan.

"Just as I thought," Rick whispered in her ear as he lent further forward into her. "You are enjoying this. Enjoying playing the little slut."

"Yes," Tabby confessed in a soft voice.

With that he violently pulled the crotch of her panties aside and inserted his finger straight into her. Tabby gave a little yelp as the action took her by surprise. But his finger entered her easily as she was already wet with desire. She could still feel the big cock head bouncing against her bare skin.

Satisfied that she was wet enough Rick pushed Tabby further forward on the bonnet, until her pussy was fully exposed to him. Then he began to force his cock into her, pushing the huge bulging red head into her slippery, trimmed pussy. Tabby grunted as the cock buried itself into her. He was so big and hard. Then Rick started to rhythmically push in and out of her, his other hand still inside her top, mauling her breasts. She started moaning, quite loudly as the huge cock penetrated deep into her hot moist pussy. Her body shuddered as an orgasm swept through her, her moaning grew louder as his pace increased. Now he was plunging in and out of her hot pussy, his cock glistening with her juice.

The tempo had increased to the point that tabby was lying flat on the cold steel of the bonnet, her breasts pressing on the cold metal. Rick had pulled the white top up over her 34b breasts and exposed the nipples by pulling the bra cups down. Now the cold bonnet made them even harder. His balls were slapping her butt as he plunged in and out of her.

"Are you enjoying this, slut?" Rick whispered in her ear.

"Yes, yes, oh, please fuck me harder."

"Oh yes, I will fuck your hot little cunt slut."

Another orgasm quivered through the young brunette. Her pussy contracted on the huge pulsing cock. She let out another yelp. This time the mechanic couldn't contain himself, he also let out a long deep moan. His cock exploded in her, jet after jet of hot sperm filled her. His cock pulsed and twitched for an age as he collapsed on top of her, pushing her further up the bonnet.

Finally he was spent. Rick withdrew, his deflating cock slipping from her swollen red pussy. A dribble of hot cum spilt onto her thigh, staining the top of her stockings and dribbled down to the bonnet of the car. He slid off the car and stood, zipping up his overalls, looking at the brunette as she turned on her back and slid off the car.

She reached up under her skirt and adjusted the panties, feeling more cum soak into the soft material. Then she adjusted the bra an top.

At about the time Rick was exposing his cock for the first time, Tammi had moved toward Tony. The mechanic had looked a little nervous as she stood inches from him.

"I have never tasted a mechanic, did you know that Tony?"

"No," he stammered.

"Can I taste you?"

"Go on," Matt nudged his mate. Matt was becoming excited at the unfolding scene.

"Um, yes, I suppose so," Tony said.

Without further invitation Tammi took hold of the zipper of his overalls and pulled it all the way down. On this hot day, Tony only wore his boxers under the protective clothes. She pulled the boxers down around his knees, exposing an eight inch hard cock. It sprung out her. By now she was on her knees on a piece of oily carpet, her butt high in the air.

The blond took the cock in her hand and guided it toward her red lips. Tony took a breath as her soft mouth closed on the hard cock. She licked around the head first and then began to suck down the hard shaft, licking it as she went. Soon all his cock was in her mouth. Then she was moving up and down it as he moaned. Her hands held the base, the delicate fingers twined around the thick cock.

As she sucked on Tony, Matt walked behind her. He touched her breasts through the shirts as he came up behind her, then his hand moved down over her back, across the smooth white skirt, which he tugged up a little, and onto the black lace teddy. Slowly one by one he unclipped the three studs that did up the crotch, until she was exposed. Her thin wispy pussy hair barely visible against her white skin.

Matt unzipped his overalls and took them and his boxers right off. He stood behind her, waving his ten inch cock out in front of him, still wearing his work boots. He slapped her butt with the huge cock a couple of times as he fingered her hot pussy. It was wet and slippery. Gently he ran the head of his cock up and down the moist slit, getting it all juicy. Finally he slipped it into her. She pulled away from Tony's cock long enough to moan and acknowledge Matt's entry. "Oh, that feels so good."

As she bent her head to Tony's hard cock once more, he reached down and began flicking open the buttons of her blouse. Soon it hung open and Tony was able to reach in and touch her breasts in the black lace. Already her nipples were hard. He found the lace ties for the teddy and released them, Tammi's breasts came tumbling out to his grasp.

Her head continued to bob up and down on the hard cock in front of her as Matt pounded into her pussy. The squelching sounds mingled with the threesomes moans. Both cocks were covered in juice and slipped in and out of their respective holes. Her blond hair swayed over her shoulders and her breasts swayed under her as first Tony from above and then Tony from behind squeezed and tweaked them.

Tammi was the first to climax, her body shuddering and her juice flowing. Watching her face go red and grimace as she sucked his cock was too much for Tony. He felt his balls tighten.

"I'm going to cum," he announced. She pulled back as his cum spurted from his cock, hitting her on the red lips, then on the cheek. A wad flew up into her hair, sticking in the blond hair like a spiders web. Then she lent forward again taking his cock in to lick it and suck it clean.

The sight of this stunning blond with her face and hair covered in thick creamy jism was too much for Matt, he rammed his ten inch cock deep into her and blew his load. Wad after wad of cum shot into her. Tammi moaned as he withdrew, letting the sticky mixture dribble out and dip onto the oil stained carpet.

Tony tucked his cock away and went to get a towel for Tammi from the washroom. As he returned Matt was nearly fully dressed.

"Well gentlemen," Tabby said as she and Rick rejoined the others. "It looks like we have all had a fun time."

"You can say that again," Tony smiled.

"So here is your check for my service." Tabby handed the completed check to Rick.

"But, I told you…"

"I'm not a whore, not yet," Tabby interrupted. " But I have enjoyed sampling your extra services."

"Would you guys like to try some more later?" Tammi asked.

The three mechanics exchanged glances and smiles. "Yes," they all replied at once.

"OK, you can all come back to my place so we can get cleaned up and then Tammi and I will take you out, OK?"
