 Me and my friend "John" were notorious around college for being the so-called "DP Team." We would pick up chicks at parties, enticing them about our sessions that would fulfill girl's darkest fantasies. It was easier than you think to get girls in bed, at least at the college we went to. Maybe it was alcohol, too... But, I think that many girls have that fantasy about being sandwiched between two men, treating her like a ragdoll to the point where she didn't really have to do any work. Nothing like being the center of attention.

Anyway, one of the most memorable encounters was with the younger sister of a friend's girlfriend. This girl, let's call her Belle, I guess had heard about us while talking to her sister about college. Belle was a high school senior who had just turned 18, trying to make up her mind on where to go for school.

It was the month before classes started up for the fall semester. John had just come back from vacation in Europe, while I had stayed in town to work full time during the summer. Now, me and John aren't bi or anything, but we're good buddies and his homecoming was a good enough occasion to throw a BBQ. So, Friday, we organize a nice little party at a mutual friend's house and invited a few people over.

I guess our friend's girlfriend wanted to show Belle what a college party is like, because guess who came over that night?

Now, I should tell you that Belle looks a little like the pornstar Ariel Rebel. She's no more than 5'1'' tall, with medium length dark black hair and a pale white face. She was wearing a black tank top and jean short shorts, so she was not necessarily a looker, but more of a regular girl on a laidback day.

We offer her some beer but she refuses, which is great because I don't really like providing alcohol to minors like freshmen and sophomores, even though everyone did it.

The party goes on for awhile and I notice that Belle is sitting alone on a couch. I decide to talk to her a bit, just to see if she's having a good time.

"Kristina tells me you are thinking of going to school here. What do you think so far?" I ask her.

"It's a cool place!" she says, perking up immediately that someone is talking to her.

From there, we talk a little bit about the school and some of the fun stuff that goes down in town. Then, out of the blue, Belle asks me about my reputation.

"Soooo, I heard a little something about you and a friend of yours," Belle says.

Taken a little by surprise, I gulp and say "Haha, what did you hear?"

"You two are supposedly known as the DP Team," Belle says, her eyes trained on me as she smiles devilishly.

"Hah! Who'd you hear that from?" I ask.

"My sister. She brought it up jokingly one time while talking about her friends, but it honestly stuck in my mind," Belle says.

"Now, why would that stick in your mind?" I ask, now trying to nudge the conversation a bit to see if she is interested in our "services."

"Well, you know..." she says as she moves over a little closer to me.

At this point, I can tell she's very interested. So I tell Belle to meet me upstairs at the bedroom with some stickers from the college radio station on it. She smiles and sneaks off, giving me a nice look at her cute little ass.

I text John, telling him to meet me immediately for a situation we're having. He comes out of the garage where he had been smoking. I fill him in on the details, telling him about Belle and how she's totally DTF.

"Isn't that Kristina's sister?" he says, sounding a little surprised.

"Hell yeah!" I say.

We then make a plan. We agree to storm the room and just fuck her brains out. If she is that forward to confront us about our situation, she no doubt is kind of a freak, we reason.

So, next thing I know we walk upstairs, my heart pounding like fucking crazy. "Are we really going to double team this teenager?" I think to myself.

Soon we barge through to door and find Belle sitting on the edge of the bed. She is a bit startled, so we take a few seconds, looking at each other. No words are said, and after a few glances and another cute, devilish smile from Belle, I slam the door behind me and we charge forward.

John grabs Belle from behind and immediately starts feeling her entire body as he kisses her neck. I take Belle's hands and force them on my crotch as I forcibly start making out with her. We're both about 5'11'', so Belle was completely enveloped between us.

Belle starts writhing in beautiful agony as John shoves his hands down her pants and violently rubs her pussy. She dry humps John as her hands continue to rub my cock that's now ready to burst through my pants.

I soon take off her top and bra, revealing a pair of C cup breasts that perfectly compliment her petite yet plump body. John soon has her pants and panties off, leaving this 18-year-old completely naked in front of us.

Belle pushes away from us and sits down on the bed, saying "Now why am I the only one without clothes on?"

Me and John then take off our clothes, our boners at full attention in front of this young specimen.

"Suck our cocks," I command.

Belle then grabs our dicks and starts jacking them. She takes turns putting them in her mouth, but me and John can tell that she probably hasn't sucked a lot of cock before.

"Lick it like a popsicle, only lips and tongue. No teeth," John says sternly.

Belle, who was busy sucking my cock, takes John's advice and really starts working my cock. Each bob up and down she goes a little deeper, taking in a little more of my cock into her pretty little mouth. I glance over and see she is still jacking John's cock nicely. Obviously she's given handjobs before.

"What about me baby?" John asks.

Belle, who had now taken almost all of my 8 inch cock in her mouth, gave my cock one last suck that ended with a large "pop" as she moved over to John's equally sized cock. She continued to hold onto my cock, but as soon as Belle latched onto John's member, he grabbed her by the head and started to facefuck her.

At this point I still can't believe that the scene unfolding before me is like something out of a porn movie. Here I am, getting a blowjob from an 18-year-old not even out of high school. John continues to fuck her face hard, but I can tell Belle is getting a little overwhelmed. John soon stops and I move in, drop to my knees and start licking her pussy like crazy. She obviously never had her pussy licked before, as she is a little squeamish and doesn't seem to like it at first. But, as I continue my ABC's and my tongue enters deeper and deeper into my sex, her moans let me know that she is liking every second of it.

John had gone to the drawer to get condoms and some lube. Belle sees this and immediately says, "No need, I'm on the pill." I stop licking her, get up and say "Well then, let's get right to this" as I quickly shove my cock into her insanely wet pussy.

Belle screams out a bit, but in beautiful agony. I begin pumping away at her, missionary style. Her pussy is tight, and she grips my cock even harder. I can see John in the corner of my eye, masterbating to the scene in front of him.

After a good few minutes, I say "John's turn." I pull out, and John almost immediately takes my place. John only fucks her missionary for a minute. He then turns her over, tells her to get on all fours, and enters Belle's pussy from behind.

As he's fucking her doggy style, I get up on the bed and tell her "Taste your pussy on my cock" as I set up shop in front of her. Belle then starts sucking, although with the pounding she is taking from behind, she doesn't take my cock as deeply in her mouth as before.

After another few minutes, me and John switch positions again as I take her from behind and he tells her to suck. However, again he starts fucking her face hard. As I pound her pussy, he pounds her face, making her gag a little bit. He pulls out of her mouth, but she grabs his cock and immediately puts it back in. She's becoming a good little cock slut.

About 5 minutes pass in this position. Obviously she is just loving it, but me and John look at each other knowingly and I say, "It's time to find out why we are known as the DP Team."

Me and John pull out and John gets the lube.

"What position do I get in?" Belle asks as she catches her breath.

"Just lay right there," John says.

"Have you ever been fucked in the ass before?" I ask.

"No, but I'm so ready to try," Belle says.

John lubes up his cock, gets back on the bed, lays right next to Belle and slowly starts to enter her ass. Much to my surprise, Belle doesn't even flinch. She must have been so horny that we could have done basically anything to her at that point.

John slowly starts to pump her in the ass. Belle lets out this moan that is half yearning and half scream. He pumps her slowly, like at one eight the speed with which he fucked her face.

I gauge the situation closely. Every time we do this, once we get to this point, I only join in if she just looks completely into it. Belle was absolutely completely into it. So I tell John to flip her over so that he's on the bottom and she's on top.

John eagerly flips her over. He stops pumping her so I can mount her. I jump on the bed and Belle looks at me with one of the most "come hither" eyes I've ever seen. I immediately shove my cock in her pussy and me and John just start fucking Belle hard.

Belle looked to be in complete ecstasy. Her head was rolling around, eyes closed, as she screamed out in pleasure. I was so glad that the music downstairs was pretty loud, because the last thing I would want is for her sister Kristina to hear this little session.

This position lasted a good 15 minutes. Me and John just kept going in and out of her. Me and John switched sides at least three times, each getting a few turns to fuck her ass.

Soon, me and John were ready. We pulled out of her and told her to get on the floor and on her knees. Belle happily obliged and was soon looking up at us as we jacked our cocks.

"Where do you want us to cum baby?" John asks.

"All over my fucking face. That's what you guys like, right?" Belle says.

"Give us a little bit of help," I say.

Belle knew exactly what this meant and again started taking turns sucking our cocks.

"Do you taste your ass?" John says.

Belle nods as she sucks his cock.

It only took like a minute before we both exploded. I came in her mouth as my cock was about halfway in. Belle gaged a bit and spit some out, but it dribbled out of her mount and onto her chest. John then came on her face, thick ropes of semen hitting her cheek, forehead and nose.

"How does it taste baby?" John asks.

"Amazing," Belle says, trying to say it seductively.

Me and John just stand there and gaze in awe of the mess we made of this little teenager. Belle goes over to her pants and gets out her phone. I shit you not, she starts taking a few selfies of her cum splattered face.

This being the master bedroom of the place, I tell Belle to go and clean herself up in the shower. Me and John put back on our clothes and leave the room one by one. I later see Belle as she's leaving with her sister, who looks none the wiser. I sure hope I left Belle with an nice impression of this place.