 The show went off alright, as much as shows can go alright. Yeah, Jason fucked up the bridge in "Alien Piss," but, otherwise, things went off well. The show wasn't the hard part. 

The hard part, for Ricky, was not that they only earned seventy bucks for the gig, or that they suffered from a lack of booze. It wasn't that he hadn't pulled off his solos, and it wasn't that he was playing in a dive bar, again. It was the two chicks, one a buxom brunette with a mesmerizing round ass, the other a cute, petite blonde with a smooth stomach and back dimples peeking out from under her short blouse, who had showed up right before the last two songs. By their late appearance, it seemed they didn't give a shit about the show, but they pushed their way to the front of the audience anyways and wanted to dance in a way that waved their beautifully displayed tits right in front of him. The hard part was reconciling his intent to disdain their behavior with his more pressing desire to fuck the shit out of them.

In a way, it wasn't even the girls themselves; it was the ideal, eating into his mind, from the moment he noticed them shaking seductively in front of him. The rock 'n' roll ideal of playing good music and being inundated with amazing new pussy every night seeped into his mind as his eyes followed the lines of peeping panties, bulging cleavage, and seductive smiles.

As Ricky's band finished their set and pulled their gear aside to let the next band set up, Ricky watched the two, out of the corner of his eye, wander over to refresh their drinks. 

The brunette was shapely, to say the least. Her large breasts were barely restrained by a red halter top that tapered into her thin waist and showed an inch of skin above jeans that stretched tightly over her hips and round, beautiful ass. Her luxurious mane of hair flowed well down her back in soft-looking waves, almost completely obscuring a small winged tattoo of some sort on her right shoulder. She was tall for a woman, and had a face that was at once pretty and inviting. 

The blonde was probably three or four inches shorter, and her small breasts were obviously pushed way up to demonstrate some cleavage in the white button-down blouse she wore, which would break with her skirt and show off the smooth skin underneath as she moved. Her grey pleated skirt was just short enough to make anyone looking gasp in anticipation any time she bent over, even slightly. Her blonde hair fell past her shoulder to teasingly cover her eye, and as she pushed it back she revealed the sharp, striking cheekbones of a model.

As he put his guitar in its case, he got a good long look at the brunette - her feet on the rail as she bent over the bar, with her skin-tight jeans stretching over a perfect heart-shaped ass - and felt his pants begin to tighten.

Goddamn skinny jeans! he thought to himself. Baxter just had to demand that we take on that rock 'n' roll look, and now look where it's getting me; on stage with a boner wedged into pants three sizes too small. He had to think of something else. He peeled his eyes off of the luscious ass and concentrated on the work at hand, making sure to walk back towards his amp before he would have to turn towards the audience again. His amp provided excellent cover; he held it hip-high as he took it off stage, and the mental diversion was starting to work as he turned to help Tommy, the drummer, pull apart his kit. 

***

A half hour later, halfway through the next band's set, Ricky was feeling pretty good. He had downed a couple more beers and a celebratory shot of whiskey with the band, and now he was hanging out with his friends who had shown up to support the show. 

The band that followed them had a few good songs, but they held a higher entertainment value through their sheer craziness on stage. Jason stumbled over to point out the lead singer literally tearing his shirt off, a feat that was much more difficult than he had imagined because he was struggling, and finally left the tattered remains on when he couldn't tear the seams.

Ricky was having a similar struggle in his mind. Ever since he had gotten off stage, he had been trying to get those girls out of his head; which only resulted in short periods of distraction followed by furtive glances. The girls were alternately drinking, leaning over tables to talk to friends, or dancing to the band, and many times giving glimpses of their generous figures as the blonde's skirt would rise a little as she leaned, or the brunette's beautiful behind was shaken provocatively as she danced. 

At one point, Ricky seriously considered making a move to talk to this beautiful duo, his half-hard wang taking up the better part of his reason by that point, but after seeing a couple jokers (much better looking jokers, in his opinion) in khakis and polo shirts try their luck and get shot down, he decided they should probably be left to fantasy.

***

Leaning into the crowded bar with the band's last two drink tickets, Ricky was so focused on fighting for the bartender's attention he completely failed to notice the brunette sidle up beside him until she turned to give him a coy smile. 

Previous resolutions partly abandoned, Ricky ventured a quick conversation starter, "crazy show, huh?" jerking his thumb back toward the closing band flailing about on stage.

"Yeah," she replied, "they're the band I came out to see, their show is pretty infamous for being over-the-top." Her deep brown eyes lingered on his for a second, then she looked at the bar and added, "But their guitarist is nowhere near as good as you are." She glanced back, as Ricky tried not to look too surprised, and shyly returned her gaze to the bar. "I kinda wish I hadn't missed the beginning of your set." 

"Ur, well, thanks!" was all Ricky could stammer out before the bartender came down to take their orders. He let her order first; she called for two vodka cranberries. As the bartender moved to make them, Ricky floundered fruitlessly in his mind for his next move, but was quickly interrupted by the petite blonde squeezing between them, her pert bottom rubbing dangerously against his crotch in the process. 

"Michelle," the blonde quipped, glancing at Ricky with a twinkle in her gorgeous blue eyes, "are you getting us drinks, or are you too busy flirting?" 

The bartender returned with their drinks, but Michelle ignored him for the moment and, with a lingering look into Ricky's eyes, responded, "Both," then promptly paid for her drinks and handed one to her friend.

The bartender's throat clearing was necessary to remind Ricky of the task at hand and he quickly turned to order two pints of beer, one for him and one for Tommy, effectively spending the last of the credit the bar gave them for playing the show. 

When he turned back to find Michelle and her cute blonde friend, they were a short way down the bar talking to a couple of chiseled gym-monkeys. He cursed himself silently for his inaccurate assessment of them when they first walked in, and doubly for having lost what seemed to be an excellent opportunity to get to know them better. Resigning himself to his fate, he shrugged to himself and, with a few glances in their direction, brought the beers back to the table he was sharing. 

The drinks continued to flow, with Jason buying a round of whiskey and another round of beers out of their payoff for the show, which would have pissed Ricky off under different circumstances, but he wanted to get those girls out of his head.

***

At the end of the second show, it was last call, which meant it was time to move equipment. Lugging their stuff out to the van always reminded Ricky of another of his rock 'n' roll fantasies, namely, roadies. Hauling amps and drums past the lines for the bathrooms, out the back door and then out to his van was a pain in the ass, but it was one they had gotten used to over the last few months they had been playing. Ricky was maneuvering through the back of the bar carrying his beloved amplifier cradled in his arms when the beers got the better of his balance. He stumbled on a step, nearly losing his footing, and backed into someone who had been waiting in line for the bathroom. He heard a faint "Ow!" from behind him, and turned to apologize and assess the damage.

As he turned, Ricky found himself looking first down the plunging cleavage, then, as he struggled to raise his gaze from her incredible breasts, into the deep brown eyes of the gorgeous brunette. His brain scrambled and he nearly dropped his amplifier. "I'm so sorry... Michelle," he said, and managed to muster the devious grin of someone who has just said something clever. 

A bemused smile belied her peevish response, "You elbowed me in the boob, you clumsy oaf!" The boob she was rubbing, however, looked less injured than turned on, with her hardening nipple starting to jut clearly through the thin material of her top.

Ricky took in the look and the words, but his booze-sodden brain was not in any shape to appreciate the dichotomy, so he took the safer approach, "I'm so sorry," he repeated, "I just lost my footing for a minute, I didn't mean to hurt you."

"I ought to make you kiss it better." The grin was still there, and her reproachful tone had turned pouty and seductive. 

At that moment the bathroom she had been waiting for cleared, so she winked and walked through the door.

"Fuck my luck!" Ricky muttered as he turned and carried his amp up the stairs. Maybe she'll be there when I get back, he consoled himself.

When he went back to grab his guitar she was nowhere to be seen. There was, however, a small piece of pink fabric sticking out of his guitar case. He quickly unsnapped the case and opened it, concerned that his precious Stratocaster had been violated, or worse yet, stolen. What he found instead made him breathe a sigh of relief - relief that quickly turned to arousal. His guitar was safe and intact, but draped over it was a lacy pink pair of panties. They were, if he was not mistaken, slightly damp and he could smell a faint-but-familiar musty aroma. He fought with himself for a moment to avoid bringing them to his nose then and there, and finally returned them to his guitar case, snapping it shut as he glanced around the bar to see if anyone had noticed his discovery; it seemed no one had.

***

The last piece of equipment safely stowed in the van, Ricky hugged his band mates to celebrate the gig and sent them off with Baxter, who was sober enough to get them home in one piece. He walked to the back of the parking lot to the beat up old rust-and-white Ford Econoline van that had become the band's equipment-hauler for gigs. He opened the driver-side door, sat in the step-well and rubbed his face, questioning his ability to drive the three miles to get home. He huffed and rested his head on his fist.

"You aren't thinking about driving that, in your condition? You might hurt more than just someone's boob," a familiar voice cut through the parking lot, "And you haven't atoned for your previous sins; no sense in getting yourself into more trouble."

Ricky looked up at an incredible hour-glass silhouette framed by the downtown street lights and smiled. 

"Actually, I'm currently thinking about not driving it, at least not until I'm in a slightly better position to do so."

"I can think of a few better positions for you to be in," Michelle stepped towards him, out of silhouette and into hour-glass focus.

"Hey, uh" Ricky stammered and recovered, "I thought you had taken off while we loaded the van."

"I had considered it," a wry smile played across her lips, "but I hadn't gotten what I wanted yet." She was standing right in front of him now, and he stood to look into her eyes.

He leaned in what he hoped was a nonchalant manner against the open door of the van, "and what was that?"

"A cute guitarist to play with." The lusty, penetrating look she gave him demanded the savage kiss he responded with, and as their lips met forcibly, Ricky pulled her body into his with all of the heat of his pent-up desire.

They heard the crunch of footsteps in the parking lot, but neither of them was in any position to care. They were lost in the uncharted territory of each other's kiss, and when the sounds died out nearby, neither was in the mood to take notice.

They let their tongues explore each other's mouths for a few moments, and then their hands began explorations of their own. As Ricky's right hand caressed Michelle's neck, his left made a long lingering journey down to that incredible ass his eyes had been drawn to throughout the night. She, meanwhile, caressed Ricky's chest and stomach, and then stopped to play her fingers along his beltline in a way that sent shivers of anticipation through his body.

Ricky kissed his way down her neck as his hands worked their way to her ample bosom, enjoying the delightful surprise that her halter-top did little to inhibit his ability to feel her hardening nipples straining against it. As his mouth made its way back up to her luscious lips, he found the knot behind her neck and deftly untied it. The straps fell to rest on her ample cleavage, but did not release it, so Ricky's mouth made a slow journey down her neck to where her breasts held the fabric in place. He slowly uncovered them inch by inch, covering each exposed inch with his mouth as he peeled the fabric away. When he reached her nipples, he took some time to lick and suck them before giving each a little nibble that made her moan loudly and pull his head into her chest.

As he licked and sucked her perfect boobs into his mouth, he felt her move to the side and press his face into her luxurious bosom with one hand, while the other fumbled for his zipper. 

He thought his boozing had gotten the better of him when he felt two hands undoing his belt, with Michelle's left still holding his face to her breasts, but then he felt another sneak under his shirt to rub his stomach and chest. He pulled back to assess the situation, and Michelle did the same, looking down, with one eyebrow raised, in a playful, "What are you doing down there?" expression.

"What? I wanted to see it." The beautiful little blonde looked up at Ricky with a feigned innocence that spoke volumes in the opposite direction. "I saw him get hard in those skinny jeans and my panties got so wet I had to take them off, now I don't know what's become of them." The blonde was squatted down in a manner that hiked up her skirt and clearly demonstrated their absence.

The sight of her shaven pussy, slightly parted by her position and glistening in the reflected street lights, made Ricky, if possible, even harder; hard to the point where the containment of his pants was becoming torture.

"Whaddya say," cooed Michelle, her lips right against his ear, "should we let her see it?"

"Well, she does seem pretty intent," moaned Ricky, trying to keep his cool with the excitement, booze and the incredible tightness of his pants, "and these pants are feeling a bit tight." 

Without another word between them, Michelle moved to the side to better appreciate the great unveiling, and the blonde worked in earnest to undo his belt, unbutton his jeans and drag his zipper down. Even with all her work his hard cock was trapped in the tight jeans, so she began to tug them down his thighs. She giggled as she did so and looked up lustfully into his eyes, and after a few tugs, his cock sprang free, like a liberated prisoner, and chucked her under her giggling chin.

"That's no way to treat a lady," the blonde quipped to his penis, "I oughtta give you a good tongue lashing."

"You can't let it get away with that sort of thing, Penny." 

Without the need for further encouragement, the blonde, Penny, began to explore his engorged member with her tongue. With both hands holding Ricky's jeans down and out of the way, she began to lick around his cock, slowly and luxuriously, letting it play around her face as she licked every part. She flicked the tip of her tongue over the head a few times, and then fully enveloped the shaft in her warm, wet mouth, making Ricky groan loudly.

As he groaned, Ricky heard a door bang and, for a moment, realized his exposed state. Although this was a dark parking lot, and most of the patrons had long since headed home, it was in no way private. This fact was emphasized as a bartender, who had exited the rear door of the club not twenty yards away, walked to the dumpster to take out the trash. Ricky thought for a moment of stopping the proceedings, at least until the bartender was gone, but his willpower for such things was long lost in the amazing sensations coming from his crotch. Thankfully, the bartender paid them no mind, and after he had disposed of his bag of trash, headed back inside the club. Ricky glanced back at Michelle, to see if she had noticed their would-be voyeur, but her eyes were glued on Penny's ministrations. He pulled Michelle in for a deep kiss, marveling at the sensations of the kiss above and the blow-job below.

"How's she doing?" Michelle pulled away to ask. 

"Amazingly," was all Ricky could respond before Penny's tongue swirled around the head of his cock and he let out another throaty moan.

"Really," Michelle responded, with just a hint of jealousy, and a devious look came into her eyes as she added, "Well, there no sense letting her have all the fun."

She joined Penny on her knees, wrapped her hand around the base of his shaft, and pulled it gently but forcibly from Penny's mouth, with an audible "pop." Once she had it free, Michelle began her own enthusiastic ministrations, pistoning his swollen member with her hand and her mouth, and driving new waves of ecstasy through his body.

They traded off, Michelle pumping his cock, and Penny swirling her magic tongue around it, until his moans became loud and continuous. 

He was right on the verge of letting go when Michelle stopped and pulled his cock out of her mouth. "Oh no, boy, you aren't getting off that easily, you've got sins to atone for." She rose to her feet, rubbing the back of her hand against her chin.

"That's right," Penny chimed in with a playful look in her eye, also rising, "There are no free rides in this world." As she said this, she sidled up to Ricky and kissed him deeply, penetratingly.

"He hurt my boob," said Michelle matter-of-factly, "so I think I should have him first."

"True, my dear, but I think he already gave it a good rub for you. Besides, who bought the last round of drinks?"

"You did." Michelle's tone had turned sulky. "Okay, but don't wear him out." She petulantly grabbed a fistful of Ricky's shirt and pulled him in to entangle their tongues once again.

Penny hiked her skirt above her hips and hopped into the driver's seat of the van. She sat facing the open door and the two of them, with her legs spread wide enough to show off a beautiful shaved pussy that glimmered with wetness. "So, penance begins on your knees, doesn't it?" she said with a smirk to Ricky with one eyebrow raised.

Ricky broke his kiss with Michelle, turned to Penny, and knelt in the stepwell of the van. He kissed his way up from Penny's right ankle, leaving a few heavy kisses and licks along her smooth-shaven and beautifully wet snatch before kissing his way down her left leg.

"Now, that's not very nice," pouted Penny, "You all but missed the best part."

Ricky smiled and moved his head back towards the center of her pleasure, but merely brushed his lips across the folds of her succulent pussy as he looked up to check her reaction. Inwardly, he was trying desperately to control his urge to dive tongue first into her glorious hole. She was looking down at him with the intensity of anticipation, her eyes a little unfocused by his teasing. "Am I getting warmer?" He asked, with as much innocence as a man with his head between a beautiful woman's legs can muster.
