 Fresh from the shower, wrapping myself in a big white fluffy towel, I stared hard at my reflection in the mirror. My long blonde hair damp and hanging around my shoulders, even I could see the confusion in my blue eyes. I had a decision to make, but I just didn't know how to pick. It was just too hard. 

Then I nearly jumped out of my skin when someone started hammering on my apartment door. And, geez, they sure sounded angry. Racing to the door I took a look through the peep-hole, relieved to see it was just Ben -- big, burly, hard-assed, hot as sin -- Ben. 

Throwing open the door, I'd barely had a chance to say, "Why the hell were you banging like that?" when he strode right inside. 

Then out of nowhere, he picked me up in his big strong arms, and flipped me over, hanging me upside down facing away from him. Tearing off my towel, stripping me bare, he said, "We won't need this for what I have in mind." Then spreading my legs, hooking them over his shoulders, without any warning, he buried his face in me, holding me suspended in the air, his arms tight around me as he went absolutely bat shit crazy on my pussy. With his tongue lapping and sucking and pushing so fucking deep inside me, my pulse leaping out of control, he was getting me so worked up, I could barely wrap my mind around what was happening. But crazy as it was, there was no denying, it still felt incredible. 

Awkwardly hanging upside down like that, his stubbled face lightly scratching my tender flesh as he burrowed in as deep as he could possibly go, no matter how turned on I was, I still had to ask, "What the fuck, Ben?" But he didn't bother to answer, and just kept it up. 

Then before I could even think to slam the damn door shut before someone saw us like this, I just about died when Cody strode in, too, slamming the door shut behind him. "Hey, honey. How's that working out for you?" he asked, eyeing Ben as he devoured my snatch. 

"Cody I can explain," I panted, helplessly trying to wriggle free, as he stepped close and unzipped his fly. 

"Not with my cock in your mouth you can't," he said, feeding it past my lips and already fucking my face before I could even get a word out. 

Dammit. What the hell was this all about? One in my pie, and the other jamming his cock in my face. Holy shit. I could hardly breath they were coming at me so hot and heavy. And if I wasn't so confused and royally pissed, I probably would have enjoyed it more. But, wow, with the way Ben was roughly tonguing me, I could feel myself getting pretty damn wet and turned on all the same. 

Then Cody muttered from above me, "Thought since you've been sneaking around on both of us, it must be tiring you out, so we decided to make it easy on you, and both show up and give you a ride." 

I wanted desperately to try to explain, but I couldn't say a thing with how far down my throat Cody had buried his cock. And that sucker was long and hard and so damn thick that I started to panic. Geez, I could hardly get any air and felt like I was about to choke. What a way to go though. I could just hear the gossips at my funeral, muttering, 'What a pity. Poor girl choked to death on a cock.' 

Finally, sensing I was struggling, Cody pulled out. "What's wrong? You're not enjoying this? You fuck both of us anyway, so why not both at once?" From my vantage point, craning my neck to try and see his face, I couldn't tell if he was more angry or hurt now that he'd found out. 

"Cody, please, at least let me try to explain," I said, fighting to catch my breath. 

Apparently just as upset, Ben slapped my ass hard and finally pulled his face out of my pussy, but he didn't let go and kept me right where I was, refusing to let me down as he muttered, "This better be good." 

"Okay, just listen. I like you both okay -- if I'm going to honest, probably even way more than just like you. And I met you around the same, last year, too. Remember that first night at the bar, when we all hit it off?" I tried to get a look at Ben's face, but it was weird trying to see them both upside down like this. "But then when you both pursued me, I discovered even though you're both so different, that I'm happy with both of you. Now I just can't choose one of you over the other, it's impossible. I know it's crazy, but what I have with you guys just feels so right -- it's like you're both perfect for me." 

Ben dipped his head and idly lapped at my pussy with his tongue a few times as he seemed to think that over, and I noticed that Cody was stroking his cock while he thought, too. No wonder I loved them, the two of them were both so kinky, and sexy, and insanely hot. How could I resist them? And they were both so damn good in bed, not to mention sweet as could be with me outside of it, too. So there was just no way, I could pick one and let the other go. 

"Then I guess we'll just have to share you," Cody finally said. Then he nodded at Ben who nodded back. "Take her to the bedroom." 

I couldn't believe my ears. Were they both really planning to fuck me in there? 

Once they set me down on the bed, they both stripped off, giving me a real eyeful of all that lean hard muscle, never mind those jaw-dropping erections. Then Bed lay down beside me and tugged me over his body. As he kissed me, he whispered, "Spread your legs for me, precious." 

Already feeling unbelievably aroused and so damn wet, I didn't see how I had any choice but to do what he asked. I could already feel him beneath me, holding his cock at the opening of my pussy and then he was pushing that big, long monster of his straight inside me. But before I'd even got my head wrapped around the idea of him taking me with Cody in the room, I felt Cody getting in behind me. And I could tell he had something sticky on his fingers like lube, and I couldn't believe he was beginning to run those fingers all around my tight little butthole! 

Alarmed, I turned my head and said, "Cody, what do think you're doing? You know I've never done anal before." 

Grinning, he just shrugged. "Well, now that the two of us have to share you, figured I'd better break you in." 

Then I squealed as he started pushing a finger past my tight little opening. "Cody, geez," I groaned at him. That fucking stung. 

"Shhh," he whispered, "You know I love you. We both do, so we've got to work this out. If you're going to have us both, then we're going to have to get creative. And if that means one of us fucking your ass while the other one pounds your pussy, then I guess that's just how it's going to have to be. 'Cause I know one thing, I'm sure as hell not willing to give you up, and neither is Ben." 

Ben clutched my hips and pushed his cock in even deeper as he muttered, "Fuck no. You're mine now, baby girl. And if that means having to share you with my buddy here, then that's what we'll have to do." 

Squirming, I could feel that Cody hadn't stopped working his finger into my ass, and then I felt a sharper sting once he broached the outer ring. "Just breathe through it, and I swear you'll enjoy it," he whispered, as he began to carefully work his finger in and out of my tight little back passage. Ben had stopped moving, I guess to let me catch my breath. 

Geez, but this was weird. Although I hated sneaking around on them, I never imagined them tag teaming me like this once they found out. Then, oh, wow, Cody managed to push his thick cockhead past my opening and forget about his finger, that fat prick of his stung like an absolute bitch. 

But once he managed to slip inside me, he didn't move at first, and neither did Ben, probably letting me get used to the feel of having something in there, especially so thick. Then slowly, as the stinging pain began to fade, Ben began to thrust his hips again, and so did Cody, and before long they were rocking their big hard bodies with me between them, with one in my pussy and another one deep in my ass. And I found myself filled up tighter and fuller than I'd ever thought possible. 

Both of them had big, long meaty cocks, and I wasn't a big girl, so taking them both like this was pretty amazing. And damn, I had to admit, it felt incredible, and so tight that every nerve down there seemed to be delectably tingling. 

Then soon I began to pant and sweat and groan right along with them as they picked up their pace hitting me in just the right spots. Ben riding my pussy in a nice steady rhythm as Cody plowed my ass. Fuck, this was kinky. If anyone at the school where I worked ever found out that the school secretary had not one but two lovers who liked to double stuff her, they'd probably have a heart attack and keel over. At work I always did my best to appear prim and proper, my hair always up in a neat little bun, never wearing anything too sexy or revealing. But just look at me now -- a virtual fuck toy for these two big, well hung, horny men. 

Of course ever since I'd met them, I'd really developed a craving for sex, so much more than I ever had before. But then again with these two, I didn't have much choice. I seldom got together with either of them without getting naked. And I didn't imagine that would change with having them both at once now. Biting my lip, I began to grin. It might even get kinkier. The possibilities were endless with two big studs to satisfy my needs. 

Bringing me back to where I was -- as if I could forget -- Ben really began to groan, and I was already whimpering and moaning at the incredibly raunchy feel of the pair of them riding me like this, when suddenly they both really picked up their pace, huffing and panting like crazy as they rode me. Cody furiously pumping my ass, while Ben clutched my hips hard, mercilessly punishing my quivering pussy with his big thick cock, as a wave of sheer pleasure overcame me and I felt myself falling apart, coming so much harder than I knew I'd ever come, wildly quaking and quivering as the pair of them grunted and pounded into me, filling me with the warm, sticky proof of their need. And, oh, the feel of all that hot come gushing into my pussy and filling my ass as they shot into me for what like forever, both growling as they thrust one last time before they froze, with two cocks pulsing deep inside me, was utterly indescribable. 

But somehow, resting my head on Ben's broad chest, feeling both their heartbeats gradually returning to a normal rhythm as mine began to slow, cradled warm and tight between them, crazy at it seemed, I knew that nothing had ever felt more perfect than being taken and pleasured by the two of them like this -- especially at once. 

Finally, Cody slipped out of my ass rolling off me as Ben pulled out of my embarrassingly dripping, snatch. Tucking me between them they both took turns kissing my mouth. And I've got to say, strange as it was, it felt amazing, especially as it really began to sink in that that these two big, handsome men actually wanted little old me, so much that they were actually willing to share me. For a long while, we lay together panting and struggling to breathe, their big rough hands gently trailing over my damp body, till Cody finally rolled out of bed and said, "I think I should wash her off after that." 

Ben nodded and got up, too. "Then we'll both do it." 

Carrying me back into the bathroom, dark haired, smoky-eyed Ben set me down by the shower, while fair-haired blue eyed Cody, smiling into my eyes, turned on the water and gently kissed my lips, asking, "You okay, baby?" 

Flashing him a smile, I said, "Surprisingly, yes." God, after a pounding like that, to be honest, I was a little shocked I could even stand. 

After helping me inside, the pair of them joined me, and let me tell you, you haven't lived until you've had two highly aroused studs washing you from head to toe. And they didn't miss an inch. Warm water beating down on us, Ben with his mouth wrapped around one nipple and Cody with his mouth busy sucking back the other, soon had my pussy clenching hard from the arousing feel of those hot mouths and tongues teasing my breasts. And then things turned positively sizzling when they both slipped a thick finger inside me and closing my eyes I groaned as they slowly began to finger fuck me, sending me straight over the edge all over again. As I came again, mindlessly moaning and taking turns kissing both their mouths, I realized how incredibly lucky I was that they'd agreed to work this out. As crazy and unorthodox as it was. 

The next day when I got to work, I noticed I had two texts. The guys both letting me know they were going to make me dinner. And Cody said to be prepared, since they'd decided that I'd be dessert. I laughed at the innocent looking smiley face he'd put at the end of that little tidbit. Part of me wondered if I could really do this, have a relationship with the two of them, not just at the same time, but in the same bed. But then again, how could I not, since I wasn't willing to give up what I had with either of them. And if last night was anything to go by, after discovering how crazy hot it was having them both do me like that at once -- I already knew it was something I'd never want to be without again. 

I was still laughing at the little happy face in his text, when one of the teachers walked in then and asked, "What's so funny?" I could hardly tell her that I was planning a hot date with my two men, who were probably going to double slam me again, so I just said, "Oh, I just got a funny text." And she nodded totally unaware that demure Miss Smith had turned into a randy little sex kitten -- who'd recently discovered she thoroughly enjoyed getting fucked hard by her two big bad boys at once. 

That night, although anxious to get home, I stopped and picked up some wine and a case of each of their favorite beers. Since there were two of them to think of now, I knew I'd have to do my best to keep them both happy. Because wacky as this set up was, it was also pretty nice that I'd got to keep them both. 

Since I'd given them both keys to my place, the minute I walked through the door, Cody wrapped me in his arms and kissed me long, and deep, Ben clearing his throat impatiently for his turn, eager to kiss me too. But he had to wait till Cody quit playfully plucking at my lips just to drag it out a little longer, knowing he was pissing off Ben, he winked at me once he pulled away, finally letting Ben have his turn at welcoming me home, too. And wow, as he sunk his tongue in my mouth, squeezing my ass -- instantly making me quiver -- what a welcome. Now I wondered why I hadn't thought of this before. 

For dinner, both of them knowing how much I liked chicken, had made it two different ways, Cody deep frying the perfect batch of crunchy pieces, and Ben roasting a succulent bird in the oven. And they'd even made salad and roast potatoes. What a team they were, even in the kitchen. 

And once it was ready, I laughed as they fought to pull out my chair for me. Gee, a girl really could get used to this all this attention. 

Enjoying having dinner together for the first time, surprisingly the three of us talked and laughed without a hint of tension. It probably didn't hurt that the two of them were already best friends even before I knew them. Of course, I'd always thought of them as my best friends, too, and not only as the men I loved to hook up with. But still, I wondered as we ate, if it would always be as easy as this, or if they might become jealous and begin to fight over me. But I sure hoped it would never come to that. They were such good friends, and even more amazing lovers, that I really hoped what three of us had, would never end, as hopeless as that idea was. 

After dinner, I tried to do the clean-up, since they'd done the cooking, but they insisted that three sets of hands worked a lot quicker than one, and they were right, too. Before long, the kitchen was sparkling and we were all naked and back in the bedroom. But I felt a little nervous wondering what they had planned for tonight. Since, to be honest, both my ass and pussy were still a little tender after the insanely hot double stuffing I'd gotten the night before. 

So I thought it was pretty nice when Ben just picked me up and gently placed me in the centre of the bed on my back, and then started to go to town on my pussy, every inch of me quivering hard as he feverishly licked and nipped and fingered me. What can I say the guy is an absolute master of oral. 

Then coming up beside me, Cody slipped his cock in my mouth, and I was more than happy to turn my head, and take care of him, too. And geez it felt incredible to have one of them working my pussy till I wanted to scream while I savored the other one's big luscious cock as it slid in and out of my mouth. After a while we switched, and Cody decided to fuck me while I sucked off Ben. And it felt just as amazing to have one big gorgeous stud pounding my pie while I enjoyed sucking off Ben's thick, heavy cock. 

Amazingly we kept up that routine for months. And I have to say, strange as our arrangement was, I'd never been happier, and thankfully they'd each told me they felt the same way. So, it seemed all of us were more than content with what we had together. 

Whenever one of them was away, the other took very good care of me, both in bed and out. So it was nice having them one on one, occasionally, too. We'd kiss a little longer, talk a little more, and screw around a lot longer, too. And they didn't seem to be jealous of each other, either, which I was really grateful for. 

And when I came down with the flu, I don't think I'd ever been more pampered, not even by my own mother. The pair of them just couldn't do enough for me, one checking my temperature, every hour, while the other one carefully fed me spoonfuls of soup -- they couldn't have been sweeter. And if I wasn't sure how much I loved them before, I realized I was crazy in love with them after being cared for like that. 

And our sex life, if possible, only seemed to get hotter, and even raunchier. Some nights I'd suck off one and then the other or I'd go back and forth, laughing and trying to see if I could get them to shoot their loads at the same time or even before the other one lost his. It was one of the many kinky games we loved to play. 

Although my favorite had to be naked tag, where the first one who caught me first got to do whatever he wanted to me. And I just loved to squeal and scream, laughing as the pair of them tried to box me in, chasing me through the apartment, not even caring if we knocked things over as they grabbed at me, till one of them finally caught me, and either tackled me to the floor, or carried me the nearest surface, where they'd spread my legs and nearly eat me alive or fuck me till I was screaming my head off all over again. That was one crazy hot game. So as you can imagine, there was never a dull moment with these two oversexed men in my life. 

And it was always incredible when the three of us would get down and dirty and just fuck together, which was really all you could call it. One on top with one in behind, pounding my ass, or they'd fuck my pussy one after the other, or one would ride my mouth while the other rode my snatch. It was always so insanely hot with both of them, that at times I couldn't believe it had become my life. 

With two men seeing to my every need, I really didn't lack for a thing. I'd never felt more loved or more cherished. And the sex, needless to say, was always off the charts. Most every night we all got it on in bed, and eventually I got used to being taken in so many different ways that I honestly lost count. 

Like the night they coaxed me up on my knees, hanging onto the headboard for dear life, as Ben came up behind me and drilled my ass, while Cody on his back had me delirious with the way he ravenously ate me out, till I was so overcome my legs felt ready to collapse. And they'd made me come so darn hard, that by the time they were done, I could barely breathe. With two of them, I could never predict what they'd want to try with me next. And believe me, I loved every last thing we did, as insanely hot as it often was. 
