 My fiancée C is demure but highly sexed, though she claims she "used to have more of a wild side". I recently told her about my desire to see this side, to watch her get a bit drunk and seduce another man. She got excited by the idea.

We live on Maui and decided to go cruise one of the upscale resorts. I dressed her up in a hot outfit, sexy but just shy of slutty, a tight minidress without panties and a cute pair of flat sandals good for dancing. For me I chose a modest but casual slacks and jacket combo.

I entered the hotel lounge a few minutes after her and sat at the end of the bar where I had a good view of the room. There was a live band playing and C was on the floor moving to the beat, subdued but sensual. After a few songs she approached the bar at the other end, I told the barkeep to get her a drink on my tab. 

I watched her sip on her Mai Tai as she sat on the stool and surveyed the crowd. There were a dozen or so guests scattered about, a few couples dancing and others just lounging in chairs. She glanced my way and gave me a wink then returned to the floor. 

I could see the drink had loosened her up a bit, her movement bolder. Soon, one of the men sitting got up and walked to the floor and began dancing near her. He was tall and handsome, well dressed, and he moved well to the music. He kept a respectful distance but obviously was interested in her. She noticed and gave him some focused attention as she danced. 

She took a break and approached the bar, he followed and introduced himself. They each got a drink, I assumed he bought hers as she had no money on her. I watched them flirt, getting quite aroused. When they finished she took his hand and led him back to the floor.

The band was on a break and a DJ had taken over, playing some pumping dance tunes and the crowd on the floor had grown. By now the drinks were really kicking in with her and her inhibitions were slipping. She was dancing hard, getting a bit sweaty, touching him and laughing. I loved seeing her in this state.

The music dropped to a downtempo number and he pulled her in close. Her arms slid around his waist and she nuzzled into his chest. As he turned away from me she peeked around at me and raised her eyebrows, I shot her an OK and nodded. Her hands slipped lower and grabbed his ass, pulling him tight to her. As they turned I saw his hands also on her ass and she reached her face up to engage him in a kiss.

When the band came back she led him back to the bar and whispered in his ear then gave him another deep kiss and headed toward me. "Follow in a minute." she said as she passed without looking at me and continued on to the restroom. I watched as he ordered drinks, and took out his phone. He didn't seem to be going anywhere so I got up and walked to the restrooms.

C was there in the hall, flushed. "You like the show?"

I placed her hand on my hard cock. "Love it, and you."

"You want me to keep going?" she asked.

"If you are enjoying it."

"How far?"

"As far as you want to go."

She gave me a big juicy kiss. "If I take him outside will you follow?"

"Do you want me to?"

"Definitely!" She kissed me again and popped into the ladies room.

I took the opportunity to take a leak, rinse my face, and returned to the bar. He was still sitting there and a couple minutes later C returned to sit next to him. They were very comfortable with eachother, constantly touching and laughing, I could sense the strong chemistry. When they finished their drinks she whispered in his ear and he nodded then whispered to her, then she led him toward the door. I told the barkeep to ring up my card. He took a detour to the restroom and she approached me.

"We're going to the truck, stay close behind." She winked and gave me a quick peck, then walked to the door and waited just outside where he joined her a few moments later.

I finished with the bill and headed out the door toward where our 4Runner was parked on the far edge of the lot, making my way slowly to keep unnoticed. I saw them from a distance, he had her pressed against the side of the truck and they were engaged in a passionate kiss, his hands roaming her body, her arms around his neck. I hung back, undetected. She broke free and pushed him back a bit then opened the door and leaned inside. He pressed himself against her ass and she squealed and said "Patience! Good things come..." then giggled. 

She led him to the back of the truck where she dropped the tailgate. I approached from the front of the truck and stealthily sneaked around the side. The radio was on and I could hear them both moaning. I decided to wait a bit before proceeding, then circled back to the front and around a couple cars to the right where a van gave me good cover. As I cautiously rounded the back of the van I was treated to the sight of C undoing his pants and fishing out his stiff cock.

"You just relax and enjoy this," she told him and pushed against his chest, laying him down in the padded bed. She stroked his generous cock, then bent forward and took it into her mouth, hungrily licking and sucking. I approached until I was only a few feet away, leaning against the back of the next car over, and watched for several minutes as she enjoyed blowing him. Occasionally she would look my way and meet my eyes in what would have been a wicked grin if her mouth wasn't full.

I was hard as steel and decided it was time to up the ante by getting into the action. I slid quietly behind her on my knees, getting a great view of her ass and cunt peeking out under the high-riding hem of her dress. I pressed my face into her snatch, which was awash with love juices, and began tickling her clit with my tongue and lapping at her swollen labia. Her moaning increased a notch but her new friend didn't seem to notice or suspect anything yet.

After a couple minutes I took out my cock then stood and slipped it into her very receptive cunt. The effect of this was more obvious as she began bucking up against me and moaning more enthusiastically. His eyes opened then flashed wide in fear and anger for a moment before she popped his cock out of her mouth.

"What the fuck?!?!?..." he exploded.

"Brandon, meet my fiancé."

"Be a good sport and don't ruin her party," I laughed.

C resumed swallowing his cock and he apparently figured he had more to gain than lose by playing along, dropping back onto the mat but keeping his eyes open to watch the show as I slowly thrust in and out of her. With the heightened eroticism of a cock in either end, it didn't take long for her to build to an intense orgasm and as she screamed around his knob it triggered his own release. 

C kept her lips pursed and continued milking his shaft as she rode the descent from her climax. Then she stood and spun around to face me, throwing her arms around my neck and pressing her mouth to mine. Her tongue pushed between my lips and I felt a warm flush of fluid entering my mouth, the taste of semen permeating my senses as her tongue danced wildly inside my mouth.

As she continued to kiss me, sucking back his seed, I winked at him and reached down to her ass, lifting her hem above the fleshy lobes. He took the hint and sat up, kneading them as my cock found its way between her thighs and her snatch. She was afire with passion, humping my shaft but not getting the satisfaction of penetration, though it was enough to send her into another orgasm.

I could see that B was still erect, the tip of his cock wavering about a foot from C's ass as he reached up to fondle her breasts. I decided to take the game a bit further, not entirely sure but hoping it would be alright with C. In one swift motion I pressed her hips back and she lost her balance, saved by her clutch on my neck, as our kiss broke and she dropped into B's lap. 

My aim was true and his cock on point, and the tip slid into her as she struggled to stand. Instantly she stopped struggling and looked deep into my eyes with a look of surprise, lust, and pleading that told me all I needed to know. I pushed again on her hips and fully seated him inside her. The moan that escaped her throat melted me and I knew I'd made the right choice.

C began riding his cock with all she had and I pushed her head down to my groin, where she wasted no time latching onto my cock. I pulled the top of her dress down to free her gorgeous little tits and began roughly tweaking and kneading her turgid nipples. Her ass bounced and ground in circles, working the cock inside her for all she could get while doing her best to jam my cock down her throat. B withstood the onslaught admirably but I could tell by his face that he would soon be overwhelmed by her passionate grinding.

"You want to feel his hot cum inside you babe?" I asked.

"Oh fucking Jesus Christ yeeeesssssss!!" she cried as she plunged into another intense orgasm, working her hips like a tornado. 

That was all it took for B, as he lurched up to meet her, sinking as deep as possible as he pulled her hips and spewed his load into her. I watched in wonderment as the two of them writhed and spasmed against eachother while their simultaneous orgasms subsided.

"Thanks for helping us out, mate," I said to B, "now if you don't mind, I think it's time we wrap this adventure up and I get my lady home."

C rolled off his lap and into a fetal ball on the mat and I reached out a helping hand to get him to his feet. I could sense his reluctance to leave as he pulled up and fastened his pants, but he obviously concluded that he had no ground to stand on in pushing his case, though he did lean in to give C a kiss on the ass before leaving, to which she reached back and ruffled his hair, mumbling "thanks baby, you were great."

As he wandered back to the hotel, I climbed into the back of the truck, spooning C, and slipped my still rigid cock into the spunky depths of her cunt, savoring the slippery delight of the lube B had so generously provided. I kissed her neck and gently fondled her breasts.

"How did you like that, you sexy little tart?" I teased.

"Oh my fucking God, that was amazing!" she purred. "I think you should take me out more often, I could get used to this."

"All things in moderation, dear," I answered, my cock stroking faster in her leaking hole. "It's nice to spice things up now and then. It was so hot watching you ride his cock."

"I was not expecting that!" she gasped, "but I fucking love that you did it!"

"Well I wasn't expecting a mouthful of jizz, so it seemed like a good way to get even."

C snorted, "I figured you like to share, how was that for you sweetie?"

"Honestly it wasn't bad, kinda hot. But I was glad you took it back and swallowed it."

"Too tasty to go to waste," she said, "I'd love another shot when you're ready."

"Come and get it." 

C rolled quicker than I imagined, pushing me to my back and swallowing my thick cock almost to the balls, which she kneaded urgently. In moments she had me on the verge and pulled back to suck the tip as I loosed a torrent across her greedy tongue.

"I'm not sharing this time," she laughed after swallowing her treat, "You can eat your own cum anytime you want and I worked hard for that one!"

"Fine with me babe," I replied as I smacked her luscious ass. "How 'bout we get home and get some sleep?"

"Sure thing, do you mind driving with me back here? I don't think I can move anymore."

"No worries babe, you just rest."

I tucked her into the bed and shut the tailgate, already dreaming of future parties it might host.