 I lead you back downstairs, blindfolded, and you follow obediently. Complete in your collar, ankle cuffs with your hands locked behind your back, you are ready and eager for another night of pleasurable submission. At last you had opened up about your secret desire to be taken and fucked in the ass, and I became your mistress. You have allowed yourself to be completely under my control, vulnerable and compliant. Together we have worked to reach a very deep and private part of yourself, giving us both great pleasure and release in our role play. You even opened yourself up to allowing my friends to watch as I thrust into you, with your eyes tightly shut and legs trembling. They watched as you cried out and squirted all over the floor, shuddering and shaking out of control. It was so humiliating and exciting! And to know that they witnessed you begging and crying like that...now they know what a naughty boy you really are!

I walk you over to your fucking platform which you quickly step on to. You quietly lay your chin on the horizontal post so I can lock your collar in place. See how quickly you got used to it? Your wrists are then locked to each end of the post. Already I can sense your excitement. You spread your legs apart so that I can lock your ankles into place on the vertical posts, and I can see your cock is already beginning its ascent. It pulses as I click the locks and I stand up to look at you, bent over, chin on the post, everything securely in place. 

"Mmmmmmmm...looks like your cock already approves. That's what I like to see." 

You moan softly, enjoying my praise.

"Now let's see what we have here." 

I walk around to your ass and stand behind it. I then spread your ass cheeks open with each hand. You wriggle a bit as I inspect your puckered, pink hole. I reach for a bottle of lube and pour some into the palm of my hand, then taking a finger and sliding it up and down your crack, slowly, sensuously. You groan, your cock leaping upwards. I then begin to work my finger into that tight little asshole, listening to your breath quicken. I slip it in and out, slowly and smoothly, getting you prepared for the evening. You moan and arch your back, tingles spreading from your stomach down your legs as you stand there bent over, looking forward with eyes covered, fully concentrating on the sensation. With each careful stroke of my finger your cock grows thicker and stands more upright as I stimulate you deep inside. 

"Let's take a look at those balls," I say, taking my other hand and reaching down between your spread legs. I cup your hanging sack in my hand, feeling its weight.

"I did tell you to let your balls fill up for our next session. You've been good and haven't touched yourself, right?"

"Yes, Mistress..." you say, with a soft moan. It is a bit hard to concentrate with my finger working your prostate and your cock beginning to drool from the stimulation.

"Hmmmmm...your balls do feel pretty weighty, but I know they can get even bigger. By the time we're done with your session this evening your balls will be so big and swollen we'll need a bucket to hold all that cum."

You groan and try to push yourself back against my hand, grinding against my fingers. I continue to massage your balls as you push and bump your ass up against me. 

"Did you enjoy when my friends were here, watching you get fucked?" I ask seductively, leaning over your back.

"Mmmmmmmmm..." you reply.

"Did it turn you on to be fucked hard as they stared at your big cock bouncing up and down? Did you love the idea of them laughing and clapping as you got your ass stuffed? I'll bet you loved putting on a show for them."

"Yes...yes...oh yes..." you say, gasping. You concentrate intently on my words, your eyes staring into the darkness of the blindfold. 

"You have such a hungry little ass...I'll bet sometimes you wish you had more than just my big cock buried deep in your hole." I wriggled my finger around inside of you, making you jerk and whimper.

"You're a big enough slut to want more, aren't you?"

You whimper with embarrassment and excitement.

"Listen to your little whimpers! You want to be taken by lots of cocks, don't you? Not just fucked, but totally dominated by women who want to use you like the fuck toy you are."

"Yes! Yes, please!" you cry, lost in the fantasy that I was unfolding for you.

"Are you sure you can satisfy a bunch of horny she-cocks?" I ask. "Are you that big of a man whore to even consider it?" I slide my hand to your cock, holding it in my firm grasp, listening to you moan as I taunt you while I stroke.

"As much as I enjoy having you all to myself, you would be able to provide so much pleasure if I shared..." I give your cock a few good strokes as you pant with squirm with anticipation.

I stand up and walk around to the front of your fucking platform. You remain bent over, chin on the beam, arms and ankles spread and locked. Your blindfold allows you to only listen as I speak.

"Now," I say. "You promise to be a good, obedient boy and follow orders?" 

"Yes, Mistress, anything you say."

I laugh. 

"It's not about what I say," I reply. "It's about what they say."

I untie your blindfold and slip it off. Your eyes go wide as you take in the sight. Standing in front of you are four of my friends- Nora, Jade, Dawn and Kimmy. You are stunned by the sight. Agreeing to a wild fantasy is one thing...but to actually be confronted with it...

Each of the ladies has a big, thick black rubber cock sticking up between their legs, secured with straps around their waist and around the back of their thighs. Under their cocks hang a big pair of balls, ready for action. They wear black corsets, their bare tits proudly on display. You could hardly believe your eyes as they stand there, assessing you with little smiles on their faces.

You cry out and start to tug and yank on your wrist cuffs, barely able to put two thoughts together as the ladies begin to laugh, their erect cocks jutting up into the air. Suddenly you are plunged into intimidation and insecurity.

"No! God, no! I...I can't do this! I can't, it's too much!!" You protest, entirely in over your head. You thrash and twist, overwhelmed by the sight of so many erections waiting to penetrate you. They were so big. There was no way you could handle this! You continue struggle on you fuck platform, which only makes the ladies laugh and coo with feigned compassion.

"Awwwwwwww, I think he's scared!" said Nora, her green eyes twinkling with amusement. 

"I'm terribly sorry ladies!" I say. "He certainly should be better behaved, if not downright grateful for what is about to happen. Excuse me while I discipline him."

I walk over to my toybox and pull out a bright colored ball gag. You see me walking back towards you unbuckling the strap. You start to struggle and protest.

"Fuck no!! Don't you even...mmmppphh! Mmmmmmppphhhh!" 

Your objections are quickly silenced as the ball slips between your teeth. You open your mouth wide as my finger inserts it until it settles onto your tongue. You grimace and furrow your brows as I secure the strap around the back of your head. Then I quickly insert a finger into your ass, making you groan as you feel it pushing, deeper and deeper inside. I then deliver a firm swat on your rear as I give my finger a good wiggle, stimulating your prostrate. I watch your cock throb as I scold you.

"Such a naughty boy. I was hoping you would be better behaved for your new mistresses. You promised you would follow orders and now you're trying to back out. But we both know that's not an option."

Your reply is a muffled, helpless whimper, your eyes half closed and forehead wrinkled with worry, still fearful looking at all of those thick, erect cocks. With my finger still buried in your ass, I lean over to make myself perfectly clear.

"You are my gift to my friends this evening," I start to explain. "You belong to them. You are to obey them, pleasure them, provide them with intense, satisfying orgasms. As you can see, their cocks are big and swollen and they need to release all that pent-up cum. And the more enthusiastic, obedient and focused you are on that task, the more pleasure you will experience."

I slowly slip my finger out of your ass and come around to look you in the eyes. I cup your chin in my hand.

"Is that...understood?"

You look at me, trying to put on as brave a face as you can.

"Mmmmmm," you say, nodding.

I stand up and face the women I had invited over to enjoy you.

"We're ready to start, ladies. My pet has assured me he is ready to facilitate your pleasure."

Dawn, with her short cropped blonde hair and sparkly blue eyes, speaks up first.

"We would like a nice, smooth cock and balls, and a good view of that asshole we're going to fuck."

The other women agreed. 

As I unlock you from the posts, they head over to the toybox to pull out some items. I have you lay down on the floor on your back. I have you raise your ankles up to the posts and lock them on metal loops several feet off the ground so your feet are up in the air and your legs are spread apart. You look over at the women, who are now coming over to you. Again your eyes grow wide with concern as you see they have several razors and shaving cream. You begin to struggle and squirm again.

"Ahhh, ahhh...it's OK." I say, keeping you calm. "They're simply going to prep you so that you are exactly how they want you to look. Just like how men like their women to be...smooth and hairless, so they can watch their cocks stretch their pussies open and penetrate deep inside."

I go to retrieve some warm water and towels as the women gather around you. Jade is running her hands up and down your thighs, cupping your balls and gently squeezing. Nora takes your throbbing cock in her hands and discusses it with Kimmy.

"She said he was big. Good sized balls, too. Not as big as ours, of course!"

They all laugh. Dawn kneels between your spread legs and shakes up a can of shaving cream. She squirts out enough to encompass the head of your cock. They continue to laugh as your cock strains and pulses, the swollen head capped with puffy cream. The feeling of being examined and objectified makes your cock throb gloriously. Next, Jade squirts some shaving cream all over your balls, until they are engulfed. Nora finishes their work of art by running some up the underside of your shaft.

"He looks like a banana split!" Kimmy cried, laughing. When I return I can see the ladies are already having fun with you. I see you watching them as they play with your cream covered cock, teasing it, running their fingers over it as they spread the shaving cream around. They then take the towel and dip it in the warm water. More cream is squirted around your cock, down between your legs, trickling down your asshole. The soft billowing cream and streams of warm water make you moan as their hands massage and spread it all over your cock and balls. You can feel yourself begin to open your legs up even more for them, your back arching slightly.

"Look!" I say. "He's starting to enjoy himself, ladies. If he continues to behave himself, maybe we can remove that ball gag so we can hear him howl when he's fucked." They laugh and agree.

But you aren't really paying attention to us. Your eyes are closed, your teeth clenching the rubber ball gag as you squirm. The multitude of feminine hands rubbing, massaging and spreading the shaving cream all over your cock and balls has you very firm and upright, experiencing great pleasure as your cock pulses and tingles race down your legs.

When you are completely lathered up, Jade takes a razor and settles in to begin shaving you. You open your eyes, watching as the blade starts its work. Looking down, you see all of the ladies kneeling down around you, holding your legs apart, watching as the blade slickly works thru the cream, taking your public hair with it, stroke by stroke.

Your erection is persistently throbbing and jerking. The ladies giggle as Nora takes it between her fingertips and moves it to the side. 

"We've got to get this big fat, silly thing out of the way," she says, amused. "It keeps jumping around everywhere!"

Jade then carefully continues to run the razor alongside your cock and down to your balls. As she continues to shave you, your cock is moved to the left, to the right, then pulled straight upwards, standing there between Nora's fingers, still pulsing with excitement. You groan with joyful helplessness. You are so exposed, more exposed than ever, as all of your hair, your masculine thatch of public hair, gives way to soft, smooth skin. 

"Look at how pretty you are," I praise. "You clean up very nicely. Look at how your cock and balls stand out so much more now. We should have shaved you a long time ago!"

Jade continues to shave you as Nora lifts your balls up out of the way. You squirm as you lay there with your feet in the air, your hard cock and smooth clean balls being toweled off. Everyone leans in to inspect your bare-naked cock and balls which continue to throb excitedly. What a thrill to be so exposed! Your big, rounded balls filled with cum, your thick long shaft desperate to be stroked and mmmmmmm...these strapon beauties getting you so nice and clean and ready to show off everything for them.

Jade leans back to inspect her work. 

"He looks quite appetizing," she said. "And now we really need to get that asshole nice and clean. Let's get him on all fours."

I unlock you and you get on your hands and knees. Since you have calmed down and are obviously very aroused, I release you from your ball gag so that the ladies can hear the moans that are about to come. Your ass is pointed at Jade as she picks up the shaving cream can.

"Spread your legs, get on your elbows," she instructs.

You get into position for her, your face on the floor, ass in the air, legs spread, balls hanging.

She then begins to apply the shaving cream. You moan softly as you feel it being spread down between your ass cheeks. Nora carefully pulls them apart, fully exposing your winking hole. Jade then moves her hand down to your balls, cupping them and applying more shaving cream. She works it around, making sure they are completely coated. They hang there, wet and creamy white.

With careful, smooth strokes, she begins to clean up the underside of your balls, working her way up your crack. You whimper as you feel the razor gently scraping and cleaning off the last of your pubes. With the warm wet towel, Kimmy wipes you clean like a little baby, and now everyone is looking at your tight pink hole. You moan with embarrassment and excitement, feeling so exposed and vulnerable. Your moans suddenly turn into a sharp cry of shock and pleasure as Jade leans down and starts to tongue your smooth balls. The feeling is just exquisite, it is as if you can feel even more now, shaved, smooth and sensitive...her lapping tongue and her lips grabbing and tugging each of your balls has you crying out in helpless abandon. How delicious it feels! You wriggle your hips, needing more, wanting to feel the firm grasp of a hand wrapped around your cock, but instead you are made to wait as Jade indulges and teases. Your cock throbs as she continues to tickle the underside of your balls with her tongue, then suddenly she plunges her tongue into your asshole. I watch the girls gather around you as you cry and squirm as they enjoy tasting your sweet, smooth man pussy. Jade laps and licks, then lets Kimmy in so she can run her tongue up and down your crack. Nora comes around and lifts up your head so that you are staring at her bouncing cock.

"Suck me," she says. "Get me ready to fuck you."

Obediently you open your mouth as she slowly slips her cock-head in. You close your eyes, feeling a mixture of glorious shame and utter bliss, swallowing down her big, thick cock. It slides deep into your throat and you gurgle as your lips wrap around the base of the cock, up to her hanging balls. 

"Good boy!" she says, running her hands thru your hair. "Look at how nicely that throat opened up."

"He's well trained," I say with a certain amount of pride.

Dawn is ready to try you out. Nora pulls her cock out of your mouth and steps back as Dawn comes around behind you. She squirts a line of lube down your crack and you groan as she works it in, knowing what this means. It is time for you to be fucked. She readies your puckered hole by inserting her lubricated finger, massaging it and and out. You signal your readiness reflexively by gyrating your hips just like a woman who is eager to be mounted. Now that you have had a taste of submission it has become a delicious addiction.

Dawn gets up on her knees and grasping her cock, presses the tip of it against your tight hole, and begins to push.

You cry out with the intense pleasure of being penetrated as your ass begins to swallow up Dawn's thick black cock. All you can do is whimper now as you feel it reaching the deepest part of you, rubbing against your prostate as you shake with excitement.

Dawn then begins to thrust, sliding in and out, in and out, all the way from the tip of her cock, then sinking back in, all the way to her balls. As she penetrates deep she grinds her clit against the base of the cock strapped onto her pussy, making your ass clench and tighten when you hear her pleasure filled moans. 

Jade, Nora and Kimmy surround you, watching you with your rear end bumped up against Dawn's thrusting crotch. They watch your cock swinging and bouncing around underneath you as your ass is pumped. A long string of precum is starting to leak out of your cock head and dangle about. They laugh, then Kimmy reaches under and grasps your thick shaft.

"Mmmmmmm..." she says, purring. "Looks like Dawn's cock is giving his prostate a real good massage. Look at him drip."

You groan with embarrassment and because she is right. Dawn's big, thick erection is slipping in and out, giving your prostate a nice good rubbing, making your cock harder than ever. Kimmy begins to milk you with smooth strokes. You begin to huff and pant with pleasure, your eyes shut, mouth wide open. 

Next it is Nora's turn. As Dawn slides her cock out, you momentarily feel deprived. You almost whine with the feeling of emptiness, desperate to be filled again as soon as possible. I stand there, watching you proudly with crossed arms. You look over at me with an expression of need and yearning.

"Now you're going to get fucked like the dog you are," I tell you with a smile. "Nora loves to take men from behind."

"And he is a dog," Jade laughs. "Look at how much his cock is leaking!"

As Kimmy keeps your cock well milked and at attention, it is oozing and dripping, like the cock of some desperate animal in heat. You are there on all fours, so very vulnerable, a slave to the sensation as your cock is pleasured but craving a cock up your ass again. You can feel Nora's cock nudging and pushing at your hole and you sigh with happiness. She then slides in with one big push, causing you to howl and with pleasure. Nora then begins to jackrabbit fuck you, spreading your cheeks wide and pumping you rapidly. Everyone cheers as they watch your freshly shaven balls swinging about, listening to your groans and cries filling the air. How wonderful to be watched, to be talked about, cheered and scolded...so many emotions ricocheting around inside your mind.

"What a dirty little slut you are!" Nora scolds as she holds your hips. "Just look at you, on hands and knees with your cock leaking everywhere, nice and shaved so we can see everything. Such a bad, bad boy!"

She reduces you to a moaning, groaning animal on all fours, an animal with its man pussy being bred by five ladies who are in complete control of you. Your thighs tremble and sweat begins to form on your forehead as you continue to let them have their way with you. What choice do you have? It feels so wonderful and they are so strong and determined. 
