 Part 2 of 2. This story can be read by itself but will make more sense with Part 1. 

*

I awoke completely disoriented to the raucous sound of crows calling the dawn light. It was dim in the tent as the sun had not yet cleared the horizon. I stretched under the blanket and tried to piece together what had happened. The three boys fucking me roughly one by one through the night seemed like some kind of erotic dream. I started to piece through Matt originally mounting me despite my protests and cumming in my pussy. Eric had followed him, depositing a second load and then Tom had finished by roughly taking my virgin ass. 

I was almost able to convince myself that the whole thing was just some erotic dream when I shifted my legs and felt a tugging sensation on my pussy lips. Reaching down, I found my pubic hair matted and stuck together with dried semen. I looked around and spotted Tom, Eric and Matt sleeping peacefully in the tent. I grabbed a t-shirt and pair of shorts that belonged to one of them from the floor and pulled them on. Then I quietly let myself out of the tent and walked to the bathroom. 

After I peed and cleaned myself up a bit I stared in the mirror to fix my horribly tangled hair and formulate my plan. The longer I was awake the more clearly I recalled the incredibly dirty things I had said and done during the night. I was especially mortified with my running dirty talk as Tom had fucked me in the ass. I didn't think I could face the boys again, so I decided to just get in the car and leave quietly, hopefully before they woke up. This plan hit a major snag when I reached my campsite in the pre-dawn light. The car was locked, the keys were in my shorts, and I had last seen my shorts when I took them off in the boy's tent the previous night.

I walked back to the tent. Lurking outside, everything was silent. I slipped back inside to look for my clothes. Before my eyes could adjust to the much darker interior, arms encircled my waist from behind and I felt lips kiss my neck. "I was afraid you'd left" breathed Tom quietly in my ear. I froze for a moment, and Tom took the opportunity to start gently rubbing my nipples through the shirt while he continued to kiss my neck. My morning reverie of the events of the previous night had already rekindled my arousal despite my massive embarrassment, and so Tom's gentle fingers got my nipples hard in moments. 

I reached behind my back and grasped Tom's cock. He was still naked from the previous evening and already hard. Tom had been the last to fuck me and his cock had seemed impossibly huge when he first penetrated my virgin ass. Standing in the dark tent before dawn, my hand grasping his member I realized that his cock was probably a little bigger than average but not the monster I'd imagined when it first entered my ass. In any case it was nice and thick in my hand that morning. I closed my eyes as Tom steadily rubbed my breasts while I slowly jacked him with my hand. 

I heard a rustle and opened my eyes to see Eric stand up and cross the tent to us. Eric kissed me on the lips as a way of greeting and then started to slide the borrowed shorts down my legs. Once the elastic cleared my hips the huge shorts dropped to the ground with a flutter. I signaled my intent by stepping out of them and kissing Eric back. I let go of Tom's cock and wrapped my arms around Eric. Tom's hard cock pressed between my butt cheeks while Eric's pressed against my belly. 

Feeling bolder, I knelt down and started to run my tongue along the underside of Eric's cock from base to tip. Then I opened my mouth and sucked him in. I gently rubbed my tongue against the underside of his cock and I heard him suck in his breath at the touch. As I sucked him, Tom knelt behind me and started to run his hands gently up and down my inner thighs. After a few minutes he was gently tracing his fingers around and around my pussy lips to gently stimulate me. Before long Tom had my wetness starting to run from my vagina to lubricate my lips. 

I really wanted Tom to eat my pussy, but I couldn't think of a way for him to do it while I was sucking Eric's cock. As I mulled it over Tom took the initiative. He moved closer behind me and lined up his cock with my dripping hole. He pressed into me steadily and his thick cock slid in pretty easily. I groaned heavily around Eric's pole as I was filled with cock. The scene was pretty erotic with Tom pumping my cunt steadily from behind as I knelt to suck Eric's cock. Meanwhile, I noticed Matt was watching us from his own bedroll and doubtless awaiting his own turn. As hot as the scene was, and as turned on as I was getting, I was not able to reach an orgasm. I needed some stimulation on my clit to trigger my first orgasm and I wasn't getting it from Tom fucking me from behind. 

I'd been a little too focused on my own orgasm that I almost missed the signs of Eric's pending climax. I suddenly realized that he was panting heavily and his thighs were tense. I pulled back slightly just in time for his first pulse of semen to splash across my tongue. Eric groaned heavily and seemed to pulse and shake for an eternity as he pumped a huge load in my mouth. His cum was hot, salty and tangy and it turned me on even more. Better yet, when he pulled out of my mouth and I swallowed his thick load, I had a hand free to rub my clit.

I reached down and touched myself. I spread my fingers in a 'V' around where Tom's thick cock had my pussy lips spread wide and I felt him sliding in and out. My entire vulva was wet and slick and I was so aroused by this nasty group fuck that I knew I would have an orgasm within minutes as I started to rub my clit. Unfortunately, Tom was closer. I felt a pang of regret as Tom's large hands grasped my hips tightly and pulled me hard against him. Suddenly he was throbbing hard deep inside me as he spewed his thick semen against my cervix.

Tom moaned came for a long time as his cock throbbed and twitched inside me injecting me with a huge load of semen. Finally sated, his semi-hard cock fell from my vagina with a slurp and he laid back on his bedroll. I was really desperate to cum and I knew what I really needed. I hesitated for a moment because I knew I was about to ask Tom to cross a line that he had probably never considered. I recalled how Tom had fucked my ass even though I had begged him not to which did reduce my hesitation. It also had turned out that I loved being fucked in the ass, so I rationalized that the boys might learn something new that they would like as well.

My first boyfriend Mark had loved to watch his cum dribbling from my pussy. After the very first time we had fucked Mark had listened with rapt attention when I related that his load was running from my vagina and soaking my panties. As soon as we got back to his car, he went down on me and licked my cum filled pussy clean. This turned out to be a regular passion for Mark, and he usually licked my pussy clean after he fucked me. Since Mark was my first and only, I had assumed that this was pretty common and that sex didn't necessarily end when the man came as he could continue to eat pussy. Once I got to college I learned differently from the girls in my dorm. One somewhat drunken Friday night I had related Mark's prediliction for licking his cum from my cunt. While a few of the girls did express jealousy that their boyfriends would not do this, I also quickly gathered that this was not especially common among college age boys. 

I stopped Matt from getting up with a look and I lay next to Tom to whisper in his ear. "Tom, I really need to cum. Will you eat my pussy?" Tom hesitated, doubtless grappling with the concept of eating my sloppy cum soaked pussy. It probably didn't help that this would be in front of his two friends as well. Perhaps he was just caught up in the arousal of the group sex, but to his credit he only thought for a dozen breaths before he nodded his OK. I quickly sat up and swung a leg over him to straddle his face. I brought my cum filled pussy to his lips. 

Tom began to tongue me, gently at first and then with increasing pressure. His tongue ran back and forth across my clit for several moments. After a while I could feel thick semen begin to run out of my vagina. I could feel it clinging to my lips before Tom's tongue licked it off. Having Tom lick me clean was totally erotic, and the sensations from him licking me were heavenly. I wanted to be penetrated too, so I beckoned Matt to come over. "Fuck me, Matt." was all I said.

Matt had been the first to fuck me the previous night and I remembered how large his fat cock had felt when he first penetrated me. This was no false memory, while Tom and Eric both had pretty normal sized cocks Matt's was noticeably bigger. He knelt over the prostrate Tom behind me and gently pushed me to bend forward. He placed the head of his cock against the opening of my vagina and then slowly filled me with his shaft. I was in complete ecstasy now with a thick cock filling my cunt completely as my clit was steadily tongued. As I got close I started babbling again, telling Tom to lick me and then demanding Matt fuck me harder and harder. I told him he had a giant donkey cock (a bit of an exaggeration, I admit) and I begged him to fill me with hot cum. This went on for several minutes. Finally I was slammed by a monster orgasm, moaning incoherently as my pussy clenched Matt's cock tightly.

As my orgasm receded I was able to start to think straight again. Matt was getting close by now, he was grunting as he pulled my hips tight against him and fucking me as deeply as he could. Tom was still licking me, his lips only an inch from where Matt's cock disappeared into my hole. Matt started to cum and groaned as he filled me once again. I was really feeling like a slut, having so many loads of semen sprayed into me in a single night. Matt finally finished and pulled out of me. I flopped down next to Tom and Matt lay down on the other side of me.

I looked over to Tom and saw that he had cum all over his chin and on his lips. I rolled up onto him and gave him a kiss that tasted of semen. "Have you ever done that before?" I asked him. He shook his head, understanding my meaning without needing to be told. I alternated between kissing Tom and licking the cum off of his face and swallowing it. I smiled at Tom and told him "I thought it was very hot. I loved it." Then I lay down again.

I was very done with sex by then, a bit sore and with no more orgasms to come for sure. I didn't want to give the boys enough time to recover and think about another round so I mentioned that I was hungry. This sparked the desired response and Tom, Eric and Matt were kind enough to cook me a fine pancake breakfast. They then helped me load the final remains of my camping equipment before standing around uncomfortably as I prepared to leave. "I hate long goodbye's boys." I told them cheerfully, "So here is a quick one." I gave each boy a quick but tender kiss and then I jumped into the car and drove off. I doubt any of those three have had such an experience again, though I hope I did teach them at least one new and interesting thing to try. As for me, that camping trip was a watershed moment where I flipped from my old shy self that was full of self denial into the carefree person that I really am inside.