 I am laying on the red satin sheets the way my Dom Mike told me to, playing with my tits while caressing and pulling at my hard erect nipples, my legs spread wide, my newly shaved pussy throbbing and leaking my juices with sexual excitement. 

“I have a surprise for you my little cum slut toy,” Dom Mike says as he opens the playroom door and lets his friend Tony in. I gasped in shock as Tony only has a towel wrapped around his waist.
“Tony is going to fuck your pussy while I fuck your arse, this is the fantasy I know you have wanted.”

Tony and Mike both drop their towels and I look at their swelling cocks, realizing my biggest fucking fantasy is about to cum true. They are both different in looks. While Mike has dark hair with sexy blues eyes, and that scruffy beard I love feeling on every part of my naked body, Tony is fair, with brown eyes and clean-shaven. Mike's cock is long and thick and Tony's is shorter and thinner. I lick my lips with desire, wanting them both in my mouth to suck on at the same time. They come closer, running their eyes over my body as I lay spread open on the bed. 
Tony gets down on his knees between my legs and is looking at my pussy. I look up into the mirror above the bed and can see Tony looking at my leaking slit. I feel more cream leaking out, as I am very turned on and horny. "Mmm nice pussy, it’s already wet, waiting for my mouth and tongue to eat and lick it clean.” Tony sticks out his tongue and wiggles it at me, so I can see how thick and long it is. My pussy clenches and leaks more fuck juices; I can feel it running out soaking the sheet.
“I am your master and you will do everything I tell you to do," says my Dom, Mike. “Yes, sir" I say.

Tony grabs my ankles and pulls me further down the bed till my arse is hanging off the edge. He moves up and starts licking my thighs slowly moving up to my throbbing mound; he licks up my pussy lips, up to my clit, I moan loudly while pushing up, thrusting into his mouth.

“Open your legs wider and lay still, no moving," Dom Mike says.

I do what I'm told, finding it difficult not to wriggle around as Tony’s tongue delves between my pussy lips licking all my cream and flicking his tongue up and down from my clit to my swelling lips. I cannot stop moaning very loudly, sucking in my breath at the feeling. I look up and watch in the mirror as the sight of his tongue causes me to cream even more watching and feeling what his tongue is doing.

Mike gets up on the bed and places his legs either side of my head facing Tony. I can see small amounts of pre-cum beading on the tip of his cock making me lick my lips.“Suck my cock and balls, cum slut while I watch Tony eating your pussy.”  
                                                                                                                                           I moaned very loudly as I lick the cream off the tip then slowly take his engorged cock into my very wet mouth. He sucks in a breath as my teeth scrape along his cock as he moves slowly in further to the back of my throat. He starts fucking my mouth with slow back and forth motions, as my tongue swirls around and under his pussy fucker; each time his cock hits the back of my throat I swallow causing him to jerk and moan.

“Fuck! If you keep that up I will flood your mouth soon “

My pussy is leaking my juice as Tony laps it up and uses the flat of his tongue to lick up and down, completely tongue fucking me. I gasp and moan even louder as his tongue slides between my lips pushing into my slit, as he comes out he sucks on my pussy lips, making me shudder. I can feel my cream leaking out before he laps it up and swallows it.

Mikes cock is becoming slick and juicy as it's fucking my mouth. He takes it out and I run my tongue up underneath to his balls, sucking them into my mouth, savoring their musky taste and smell.

“No coming yet, not until I tell you,” Dom Mike says, as I am moaning and wanting to come very badly, “Please sir, let me come, please! I moan as my pussy is throbbing for release. “Take my creamy honey now, cum slut," he groans as he shoves his cock back into my throat and pumps harder.I feel it engorging and his creamy juice throbbing onto my tongue. "Open your mouth cum slut so I can see my juice." I poke my tongue out so he can see his cream covering it. “Now swallow every drop." I savor the taste as he orgasms and I swallow it all. He is moaning and groaning watching his juice flood my mouth.
“Come into Tony’s mouth now, give him all your juices my little cum slut."

I let go as the sensations centre on my clit, I'm throbbing and coming, feeling my juice pumping out as Tony continues to lick and suck my juices from my slit,he let's out a moan and sucks harder.
”Fuck, oh fuck," I yell loudly. "I'm not finished fucking with you yet,now turn over and spread your bum cheeks so I can fuck your arse" Dom Mike says, as Tony gets up onto the bed spreading his legs; he is holding his swollen cock and wanking himself slowly. “Now suck Tony’s cock while I fuck your arse, you cock hungry slut”

My juices are still leaking out as I lean over Tony and lick at the purple head of his dick, licking and sucking it into my wet mouth. It fills my mouth and throbs as I suck harder, swirling my tongue around, my mouth going up and down, tasting his salty pre-cum,as Mike stands behind me and leans onto my back, I shiver as I feel the caressing of his chest hair on my back. He pushes two fingers into my pussy, finger fucking and juicing up my slit. I moan in ecstasy, writhing and moving back onto his fingers. I grab my arse cheeks and spread them apart to give him easier access.
“Stop moving while I fuck you, do as you're told,“ Mike says as he slaps my arse cheek lightly, causing me to buck. I make myself stay still, and enjoy the sensations of his fingers moving in and out of my pussy. He uses my juice to lube my arsehole, then puts his cock at my rosette, easing in slowly as I gasp.
“Push back onto me, babe, just a little, go easy." I push back feeling him filling me, as my mouth is full of cock swelling even further.
“Oh Mike, fuck me,” I moan as his cock sinks in all the way and his balls slap me. He eases out until the tip is just at  my arse entrance and then forges in again to the hilt.

“Now take Tony’s fucker in your pussy so we can enjoy the ride,” Mike says, as Tony maneuvers himself under me and slowly slides his cock into my very wet and juicy pussy. It's so, so tight but, the incredible sensations are driving me wild with lust.“Your pussy is so fucking tight on my cock, it’s incredible," Tony groans as he keeps fucking me.
Both of them move at the same time, setting a rhythm I do not want to stop, my pussy screaming for orgasm, but I want this fucking to go on and on. I feel our combined juices leaking out running down my thighs. 

“Are you ready to come now baby,” Dom Mike says. “Yes, yes please, let me come sir," I moan as my pussy clenches and throbs. “Come now baby, I can feel Tony’s cock in your pussy, I can’t hang on much longer,” he moans scraping my neck and ear with his beard and that mouth I crave on my body all the time. My pussy spasms as I let go with my orgasm, I scream as it takes over, shutting my eyes while it hits it's peak in my brain. My throbbing pussy feeling like it's on fire as the two cocks continue to pump in and out of my pussy and hole. I clench down on Tony’s cock and my arse tightens on Mike. Suddenly Mike gives one last thrust and I feel his come shoot up into my arse, as he groans and yells into my ear. “Fuck! Your arse is so tight, it feels fucking good on my cock."

Tony stiffens and moans very loudly as his fuck juices squirt and fill my pussy.My pussy and arse continue to throb and clench around them as we slowly come down.

When I'm lying on my back between them both totally fucking satisfied. I say, “I think we should do a foursome next… We need another fucking pussy..."