 One of my pen pal friends of yester year was a couple, a little younger than me, but that didn’t bother me, and hopefully didn’t bother them either. They were Jack and Margo, had been doing the swinging thing for years apparently and seemed their whole life revolved around the 'sex' thing.

Almost every Wednesday I used to receive a letter from them, always the size of a small novel and to make them that much more exciting for me, I always got both sides of the story from them. Jack used to write in a crude manner and would always end up getting his 'rocks off' and coming all over the place, in gallons rather than the few thimble fall's that I later found out he was capable of. Margo on the other hand was much more subtle, much more pleasing to the eye and although her innuendo’s could be taken either way, I always liked to come down on her side. Although she used to like to please her man more than anything and would go to great length’s to achieve it. Apart from that though she was a very interesting person.

Her stories were always more of a turn on for me, trying to put me into her place really worked sometimes. We carried on in this vein for ages I was happy and so were they but one letter seemed to change a lot for our relationship. Margo had packed up working and found easier money was earned by just talking to men over the phone. Jack seemed to get a kick out of it and even Margo said that some of the guys out there were interesting enough to turn her on also, so although they were earning out of it they were having their mid week fun together as well. They even had the cheek to include their pound a minute phone number and advert to me once.

I wrote back saying that I hoped they didn't expect me to ring them one evening at a pound a minute, and they didn't mean for that at all or so they said, and gave me their land line phone number instead.

"Your 10p a minute whenever you want to phone Pat," they said.

Personally I preferred the letters, they were more interesting to me and hope the fantasies I was returning to them were equally a turn on for them both. However curiosity and all that and probably a need to talk to a human voice one evening, so I rang their number.

"Hello Pat," Margo answered in an excited voice, hearing her shout over to her husband, 'It's Pat Jack and was suddenly aware that we were not alone.

"Hello Jack", I shouted, and sure enough I got a 'Hello Pat,' from him in return. Then aware I was talking to both, apologised for phoning them, but thought I would just phone to say hello.

"That's ok Pat, we have just got your latest letter and it has given Margo ideas as to how to turn her punters on, so thanks for that, the thought of you meeting a stranger and being taken to the woods and used by all was very original and erotic." Jack butted in.

“It was only a fantasy Jack but something that maybe one-day I would like to happen.” I quipped in.

"Well Pat, Margo has lived your fantasy, I took her into a well populated wood once and not only did I use her, but I had men queuing up and in the end over a dozen blokes went with her and spent themselves all over her body. Think it was Margo's best time ever and if I can help you out anytime, then you only need to ask." Was an erotic thought, but only that, but saying good night and hardly sleeping that night with that on my mind made me wonder.

Making things worse for me, I received a letter from only Margo a few days later. Not only had their experience been that more erotic that night after my phone call, but she went into every detail of that day she had experienced the twelve men. It did sound exciting but not sure whether I could do something that outrageous though. 

So the next evening, curiosity was overwhelming me, I phoned them again, almost apologetic this time however and was fortunate to be talking to Margo again.

"Sorry Margo," I said, "but this thing in the woods has been playing on my mind all day and I had to talk with someone about it."

"That's fine Pat, we have just been turning some guy on here, and although he got himself off nicely, it did nothing for me, so talking to you will be a pleasure love," Margo said. 

"Wasn't you frightened of getting caught Margo?" I asked inquisitively. 

"Think I was hoping to Pat, and I know we did, Jack only phoned three of his friends up, but six or seven strangers appeared from nowhere and at least four of those went with me." Excitement now in her voice, "I heard Jack talking and whispering, and you know the differences in their smell and touches Pat. I wish Jack was here now, he is good at getting me excited while we are on the phone Pat."

"I'm getting that way also Margo, so that makes two of us," I said.

"Jack will be back in five minutes, so I will be nice and ready for him while he tells you his side of the story, but in the mean time Pat, I would highly recommend it, really was the most exciting time of our sexual life to date that is!"

We carried on talking, then Margo said that Jack was home now and told me it was her turn to give Jack some fun while he talked to me about it.

Then I heard an exchange of words and suddenly Jack took the phone and I could hear him getting comfortable while he was sending his greetings to me. Almost purring now I head him say.

"I bet you don't know what Margo's doing to me Pat," he said. Listening to the tone of his voice changing I told him I had a pretty good idea and as we both giggled I heard Jack suddenly catch his breath and suddenly he was talking to his wife and telling her to stop for a while.

“I thought you were a bit of a stud Jack.” I said, laughing at him, aw Pat, that's wicked, "I have never been in this situation before you know, Margo is on her knees in front of me and I can hear you are getting excited at your end Pat, that's an unfair situation you know." He quipped.

"Well tell me about your taking Margo to the woods that time, did she enjoy it as much as she said?" I asked. My voice no doubt was showing signs of excitement in it.

"It was better than that Pat, I have seen her in lots of different scenarios, but that was her most excited one."

"Would you arrange it for me Jack?" Getting myself excited, and not realising what I had just said.

"Would love to arrange it for you Pat, just say when and we are all yours."

The conversation was being taken over now by fantasy, I could hear Margo in the background urging me on, and Jack was almost speechless as his breathing was becoming heavier and heavier.

"Oh Pat, talk dirty to me." He was whispering, his voice now almost unrecognisable.

There I was, in this strange situation talking to Jack, saying things over the phone to him that I would never have dreamed of saying a few weeks ago. The excitement was building in me as I too was quietly and feeling a little embarrassed, gradually getting myself off alone. Then all hell broke loose at their household as Jack stopped talking, but was just muttering.

"Oh Pat, Pat." Then a scream from Margo.

"Oh yes," and a volley of four letter words from Jack made me realise I had helped in getting Jack to climax that evening.

I felt all nice inside, as Margo took the phone off her husband and was laughing and thanking me, giving Jack time to recover his breath and composure before trying to make this date with Me.

Didn't phone them and they didn't phone me, but the doorbell went on the Saturday evening at the time he had arranged to come and see me and I was already to play our game. Had been shaking with fear most of the day, and even more so when I opened the door to see him standing in front of it. A peck on my cheek didn't calm me either as I closed my front door and walked with him to the car.

The drive to this same spot that Margo had been to took about half an hour and Jack was a completely different person now, no longer the kind person over the phone, but somewhat unnerving in a way. Acting out his domination bit I think, calling me his slut for the night. His hands reaching over and feeling me, crudely and roughly, but all the time I knew it was a game by his smiles, although sinister they were sincere. Also he kept promising me the time of my life that night.

When we got out of the city he pulled over at the first opportunity he had.

Getting out of the car, he removed his trousers and underwear, getting back in I was told to go and do the same and without hesitating opened my side of the car, got out and a little nervously removed my wrap over and panties under the glare of Jack.

"Now your top Pat, take that off too." Jack demanded. It was only a tee shirt as I was braless underneath, I was soon naked though, and standing in this lay bye with a man I had only just met.

The situation was no longer one of fear but excitement, knowing this event was going to take place. I was standing by the car when Jack called me back in, and on doing so produced a scarf from the glove compartment and proceeded to wrap it around my eyes and each time it encircled me then the darkness increased, till I was in complete darkness.

His hands caressed every inch of my body, no longer the dominant Jack, but suddenly much more gentle. Cupping my boobs, feeling his stares on me, then his mouth encircling my nipples. Deeply sucking on them as I fumbled along his body and his placid manhood had suddenly grown to an erect piece of heaven. My other hand that was cupping his head as he suckled on my boobs suddenly fell to between my legs and I was suddenly opening myself wide. I could well have been alone in my bed as I brought myself off in ten seconds flat with the help of Jack of course.

Jack's lips left my excited nipples alone for once, "Blimey Pat," was all Jack could say, my aromas filling the car as I continued, although slower to play with my wetness and over excited clitoris thinking of the excitement to follow this night.

Then I was alone, no touching, no feelings from him, but he did say that I had an audience awaiting me and they would string him up if we didn't make it to the spot. So reluctantly he got into his position and we drove off, me still in my blindfold and refusing to take my hands off his erection as we continued on our journey. On the short drive there not once did Jack's erection lose any of its hardness and when the car stopped and I heard the indicators come on. Jack told me that we were now there and he will just hide the car off the main road. We soon came to a standstill and all of a sudden my nerves were at an all time high as the silence of the situation suddenly became apparent, the excitement however inside me was overtaking everything and I was just dying to get into this.

Suddenly my door opened up, and Jack took hold of my hands, not knowing whether we had an audience already he stood me up by the car. Taking each hand, he bound some rope around them, then as if time was standing still felt the ropes pulling and knew it was time to advance to wherever the ropes took me. I still had my shoes on and found it very awkward to walk in them on the grass and twigs but after only a few yards the ropes suddenly slackened and I knew it was time for me to stop walking.

For the first time in ages I heard Jack's voice asking me to sit down. Which I did, carefully in the darkness as I searched for a smooth piece of grass, then a tightening of each rope, first one, then the other and back to the first one.

Suddenly I was in a strange world, the hardness of the ground sticking into me, I was lying flat on it now, my arms outstretched and I felt so vulnerable to anything that was to happen to me next.

Nothing did, it wasn't fun for me and I kept wondering why I had agreed to such a perverse thing, the excitement in my body had subsided by now and being naked and exposed was no longer funny or a turn on for me.

It was fully ten minutes at least until I heard anything, maybe this was a game and they had left me, thoughts of everything were flying through my mind, explaining this to my boy's! How!

Broken twigs and the sound of feet moving through the grass was the first sign that I wasn't alone, then I sensed the bodies close to me and an accidental brush along my exposed body by the hairs of somebody's leg. Knowing it was Jack my excitement quickly began to build and suddenly his hands were pawing at me, massaging my boobs, not in the tender way I know he could. Never the less the eroticism of the situation was sending excitement throughout the length of my body making me buck my hips and spreading my legs expecting any moment Jack was going to lower his hands down on me.

Knowing Jack was playing with my boobs and was pulling my restrained neck towards him as someone started to spread my legs open even further. One, maybe two bodies had hold of me and I could hear them plotting something in their whisperings.

The excitement and expectation was so intense as a complete stranger was now between my open an willing thighs, my calves were lifted high and hooked around his neck as his kisses and small nips at my inner thigh was almost begging for him to fuck me. Soon his face was heavily into me; feverishly he gripped hold of my buttocks and helped me grind myself into his face. Wishing my hands was free so that I could hold and feel this person giving me so much intense pleasure. More people had gathered around, I could hear voices and realising it was Jack who had been between my legs, because in the excitement of it all heard him greeting some of his new friends.

I remained motionless as Jack kneeled between my legs once more and burying his face in my excited libido. His tongue licked at me, tasting my excitement as again I shuddered to another loud and energetic orgasm, I knew a flood of my juices was flowing out onto Jack's pleasing tongue now as he was still kneeling between my legs. His attention eased off, but I knew that wouldn't be the end of him. Then Jack laid me down on the hard ground, feeling him snake up my body, his hands and lips pausing at intervals to excite my shaking body. All of a sudden our lips meet once more, the flavours of his lips and face had changed to include my pungent juices as I felt his hardness probing at my opening. I felt the atmosphere, knowing we were being looked over, but feeling the whole of Jack's erection sliding into my eager wetness overshadowed every doubt I had of the experience that I had enjoyed so far as he was soon probing deeply inside me.

Thinking I was about to experience his come emptying inside me, and had resigned myself to that wonderful feeling. But, again I was wrong as I felt Jack's hardness leave me unexpectedly.

"Oh baby, You have no idea how that was feeling inside me." I whispered to him, my breath had already left me at the weight of Jack on top of me.

"Well Pat, you are going to like this I think," as all of a sudden I was alone, being stared over no doubt in my wanton way by heaven knows who or what. Then I felt another body Climbing between my legs and his erection immediately entered deeply into me. Roughly, making me grimace and with no feelings he lowered his face onto mine. Although this felt liked forced sex to the extreme as this guy was holding my face still by my hair and sucking at my lips as I gasped for breath. In a frenzy almost, he rode me hard and fast, going faster and longer than I had ever experienced, even in my deepest fantasies as he probed deeply each time producing a deep sigh from my body. My body was all his and my screams and moans must have been heard for miles around as he continued to franticly fuck me hard taking no notice of my emotions. Suddenly, he stopped kissing at my face as someone else was kneeling closely above me. Feeling this new guy's erection pushing at my lips, I opened my mouth to accept him. I felt him pushing his erection roughly into my mouth, and all of a sudden had two phallic bodies inside me.

Tasting this one, it was very hard and erect and his tip was covered in his salty juices already, it was obvious he had been exciting himself beforehand looking on at us. I heard voice's and sounds of encouragement from above and the guy who was still thrusting away inside me suddenly shouted down to me.

“You’re making me come woman.” With the other one holding my head firmly, these two were definitely close to giving there all to me. I gave out a screaming groan as I felt the first one spurt out his love juices deeply into my body, long hard strokes by him had his come being deposited deeply into my eager and saturated pussy. Unaware almost of the guy with his erection filling my mouth, I soon was though as he too started to utter obscenities at me. Holding himself with one hand and my wet matted hair with the other I felt his body go rigid and feel his come almost bubble from the base of him. The first of many giant spurts of his semen filled my mouth at the same time feeling someone else probing me below. I was in no position but to swallow everything this man had to offer me, unable to take all of him now as the hardness subdued and he began to withdraw his wilting erection from my salty and used mouth.

Soon also there was someone there to take his place, again it was erect, and although I had no sense of taste left, as if on cue he started to push himself into my mouth faster and faster. Together with someone inside my drenched labia also doing the same only faster, he, like the previous person pushed his erection deeply down my throat and almost instantly I sensed his climax and felt his warm semen mixing with the cocktail of tastes I already had in my mouth. Not a drop was wasted as I again swallowed relentlessly until he pulled his still rock hard manhood from my mouth. This seemed to get the other guy excited and an orgasm by him soon happened and although numb almost, was still able to delight in feeling his fluids coming deeply inside me once more.

One by one that afternoon, Jack said it was eight men, all strangers, his friends hadn't turned up, which was lucky I guess, took me in their own way, all were exciting and the weary journey home had me wondering whether Jack had been one of those eight.

"No Pat, I was watching those guys in you, seeing you enjoying every second of it, so I left you at it, I want us to be a special one and if you wasn't in a hurry to get home, you can clean up at our place first." Jack said.

I agreed, and we arrived at Jack's place and Margo was on the doorstep. Meeting her for the first time, I gingerly walked up the drive, all I had on was an old coat Jack had found in his car and thrown over my aching body. My hair matted, face and body still covered in the body fluids of the eight guys that had used me earlier.

We hugged on the doorstep, Margo just dying to hear every gruesome detail, and once inside Jack and I were taking it in turns to tell Margo of the events of the day, not knowing whose voice was more excited. The realism of the day was beginning to set in on me and when Margo suggested I go and soak off the day’s dirt in her bath, right then I couldn't have thought of a better way to unwind.

I became very tired and with a towelling robe around me, sat in the living room sipping some Bailey’s cream as the next thing I remembered was being invited to sleep over for the night.

Sometime during the night Jack came into my room, said he had asked Margo, and she had said it was Ok, he were naked and I was feeling so high and horny still that I soon wearily searched around for his body in the darkness.

"Yum," I whispered. His erection throbbing in my hands, almost knowing as to what was about to follow.

"Pat, you were lovely today, let me show you how much I needed you." He whispered as he began kissing me again feverishly, pressing my body under his as we collapsed onto the bed. My legs encircled him, pulling him closer to me with my arms as our mouths locked together in a breathless embrace. His hardness was searching for my ever-eager pussy. I was willing him into me, feeling him inches from me, then I gasp as he enters into me and his erection slipping in my eager wet pussy as my inners grip hold of him in sheer passion.
