 The next couple of days were normal, or as normal as they possibly could be after having sex with your sister. The strange thing was that it wasn't at all awkward or didn't create an atmosphere; if anything it relaxed us to how we were when we shared a room. I hadn't seen her naked since we had sex and I slept wearing boxers, although she was still sleeping topless only wearing her panties. It wasn't sexual, which was strange to say as a frankly gorgeous girl slept next to me half naked, but it was just, well, relaxed. Don't get me wrong, most mornings began with a wank, but there was nothing new there; I just had the image of her topless for the wank bank as opposed to ungrounded fantasy.

"Morning," she said cheerily as I blinked sleep out of my eyes.

I mumbled morning back to her as I rolled onto my back and stretched out. I had kicked the covers off during the night. "Did you sleep okay?" she asked looking down my body.

"Yeah, thanks," I said, adjusting my boxers as they were doing a poor job of covering my penis which had fallen out of the flies, "You?"

"Yeah," she said, looking back up at my face again and smiling after I sorted my decency out.

"What's the plan for today?" I asked.

"Pool, I reckon," she said. We had done the touristy thing the day before and had both agreed it was far too hot to do the touristy thing.

"Sounds good," I said scanning up and down her body. She was tightly wrapped in the sheets which pulled tight against her body just about allowed her black underwear to be seen through the thin material. I had watched her get into bed last night, boobs out and all, but it somehow just felt naughtier seeing her panties because the sheets were see-through.

"Quick shower, then I will be ready," she said.

"K," I replied. She always had a shower in the morning; I didn't see the point as she was about to jump into a pool, but she was female, so there was no point trying to understand.

She untangled herself from the sheets and kicked them off before standing up. She was only wearing panties as she stretched her arms up facing away from me, before running her thumbs around the elastic of her panties to properly cover her bum. She casually grabbed a towel and her bikini as I watched her and caught a few good looks at her boobs before she disappeared into the bathroom.

I waited until the shower switched on and the sound of the water to indicate she was in it before kicking my boxers off and grabbing a tissue. I knew I had a good 5 minutes and then however long it took her to dry and put a bikini on. I didn't last long; cumming hard into the tissue, I cleaned up and put my swimming shorts on.

She came out of the bathroom a while later, her hair still dripping wet as I dodged around her and went into the bathroom. I flushed the cum-soaked tissue; didn't want to put it in the bin in case she saw it. She had put on her wrap around skirt which she wore to the pool; again, not entirely sure why as it was not much longer than a belt, but it kept her happy.

We headed down to the pool and she selected a place to settle down. I watched as she took off her skirt and laid the towel onto a sun lounger. She looked so cute as she sorted the lounger and towel out to her liking. She eventually settled down onto her back, so I got onto a lounger and positioned it next to her.

I pretended to read my book, but from behind the reflection of my sunglasses, I just watched her as she read her book. Her skin began to glisten as the heat drew a thin film of sweat from her pores, first it was just on her forehead, but then her chest, tummy and legs started to glisten as well. After a while, beads began to form on her chest and I watched them gather, then lose their grip as gravity pulled them down her body. The natural curve of her body made them curve round the inside of her breasts, gathering in place as they collected more of her sweat until they hit her bikini top and disappeared into it.

I just watched as she occasionally shifted position to stop herself sticking to the towel. The material around the top of the cups of her bikini was slightly darker from the gathering sweat from her and very occasionally, if a bead was directed perfectly between her breasts, there must have been a gap as it raced down and soaked into the front of her bikini bottoms.

It was probably at best a little creepy as I watched my sister sweat in the heat, and actually at one point had a conversation in my mind that ended with the acceptance that, if she asked, I would let her wring her sweaty bikini out into my mouth. She was so impossibly sexy; you could just about make out the slight rise of the cups of her bikini from her nipples and the bottoms were bunched slightly between her legs as she sat with her knees bent upwards at about 45 degrees from her hips.

My incestuous thoughts were halted as she stood up and ran her thumbs around the insides of her bikini bottoms to straighten them out as she had a stretch. I just looked at her, wondering what she was up to. "Gonna get in," she said, "Sweating my tits off here."

"Will join ya," I said as I shifted my weight and stood up, realising that I was also stuck to the towel by my own sweat that had been pouring off me.

She jumped in without hesitation, almost leaping back out again, her now wet hair plastered to her head and shoulders. "Fuck me that's cold," she blurted out as I caught a quick glimpse of the top of her legs, she had jumped so high.

I just smiled at her and jumped in next to her, making a point of causing a splash to soak her again. She just looked at me with eyes that indicated she knew I did it on purpose, but didn't say anything. I practically felt my balls suck up into my body as the cold water surrounded them followed by a definite shrinking of my penis as I reacted to the coolness.

We floated around for a while, just messing around, splashing each other and just generally fooling around. The cold water meant that you could see her nipples forcing against the material of her bikini, and even in the cold I could feel that I had a semi again. I looked away from her chest when she looked at me; I thought I was being quite discreet, but as it turned out I wasn't. "You want me to get topless?" she asked smiling at me.

"What? Really? Here?" I asked, unsure if she was joking or not. The pool did allow topless sunbathing; in fact it allowed full nude if you wanted.

"Well, you keep looking at them," she said, still smiling at me.

"Sorry, thought I was being discreet," I admitted.

"Nope, pervy fucker you are," she said playfully pushing me on the arm and reaching up behind her back.

"You going to?" I asked, quite impressed by her boldness.

"Do you dare me to?" she teased.

"Yeah," I muttered, barely able to form words.

She pulled the tie string behind her back and let go, only the friction from the wet string was holding her top on as she stood in front of me. She reached towards my shorts and pulled the string on them unfastening them. I felt them go loose as I just watched her, unsure what she was doing. She just smiled at me and bit her bottom lip as it dawned on me she was suggesting I lose the shorts. "No chance," I said, looking around the pool, "Not getting naked."

"I will if you will," she argued as she slipped her hand down the side of the shorts pulling them down on the side just enough to expose my bum on that side before I sank into the water to stop her.

"Naked?" I asked, amazed she was being this daring.

"Yeah, why not?" she said.

"Cos," I argued, but unable to think of any good reason not to. Ignoring the obvious of I really didn't want to be walking around a public place with my cock out.

"Cos why?" she pressed, smiling at me.

Her top attracted my attention as the strings were gradually getting looser and it was barely holding onto her breasts as it was slowly slipping off her. "Cos cos," I said, unable to construct any decent argument. I did notice that the couple who were sat on the side were watching us, or at least it seemed like they were anyway.

"Oh, good argument," she mocked, "Go on, dare ya."

She ducked down into the water which caused her top to come away. She just left it next to her as it slowly sank. She raised herself up just enough for me to see her breasts, before sinking back into the water again and smiling. I felt my cock pulse as I slowly got fully erect again. "I can't," I said deciding to be honest, "I'm er... you know."

"Hahaha, really?" she laughed, moving away a bit as she looked into the water at my crotch. "Doesn't cold stop it?"

"Apparently not," I said as I adjusted myself underwater. I caught her eyes and glanced towards the couple who were clearly watching us.

Discreetly she glanced at them and looked at me again, "They watching us?" she asked.

"Think so," I whispered trying not to move my lips so they couldn't lip read if they were watching.

She manoeuvred so we swapped positions so she could see them; again, I was very surprised at how brave she was. She was not really bothered that she was topless and on more than one occasion cleared the water to her waist giving anyone around the pool who was looking a full view of her breasts. Holidays were strange; I am fairly sure if she was at home she wouldn't be floating around a public pool wearing just bikini bottoms, but she was here with seemingly no reservations.

She smiled over my shoulder as she stood up exposing her breasts again. "He is well perving," she whispered.

"Really? With his girlfriend next to him?" I asked, unable to hide my surprise.

"Yep, she is glancing as well," she whispered, smiling at me, "I think you should lose the shorts."

"I dunno," I said, really not sure of it at all. I didn't have the confidence to just get naked. I wasn't shy as such, and I was fairly in shape, but just for reasons, mainly size reasons, I was just not comfortable with it.

"Oh, one sec, she is coming over," she said adjusting her position and sinking into the water.

The girl got into the pool, not saying anything and I so wished that I had sunglasses on as I watched her slip into the water while trying to make it look like I wasn't watching. She was wearing a black bikini with white trim around it all. The right cup had a white flower design just where the strap attached to it. The bottoms were fairly high leg, not quite a thong, but as she walked, her very firm looking bum was not quite covered.

She just floated around for a while as Fi and I just did the same; we began doubting if we had imagined they had been watching us, or maybe it was just, as we were the only ones in the pool, so just something to watch. "You okay?" she asked cheerily.

"Yeah," I said, a bit surprised, "You?"

"Yeah, thanks," she said.

"Hello," Fi said as she returned from placing her top on the side of the pool.

"Hi," she said, "Donna," she added.

"Fiona," she said, "Dean," she added, pointing at me.

"Alan," Donna said, pointing towards where her boyfriend was still on the sun bed.

"Partners?" Fi asked cautiously.

"Hehehe," she laughed, "No, brother; we won a holiday. That sounds so sad doesn't it, bringing your brother instead of a boyfriend?"

"Not at all," I said, "Sister," I said pointing at Fi.

"He won this one too," Fi said, "Probably the same competition."

She smiled at me, then smiled at Fi, glancing down at her bare chest. Fi sank into the water almost as if she only just realised she was topless in front of a stranger. 

I just listened to the conversation that was going on, doing my best to eye up Donna without it looking like I was eyeing up Donna. Even if one of them was my sister, was amazingly calm as two very attractive girls just nattered away, one of them topless and the other just in a bikini.

"You fancy joining us for dinner later?" Donna asked.

Fi looked at me and there was no objection from me, "Sounds good."

We agreed the time and date before Donna climbed out and she and Alan headed off to the bar. Fi stayed topless as we swam around for a while before she got out and dried herself off. I just stared as she applied sun cream to herself; once again I was rock hard as she stood by the sun bed, topless, rubbing sun cream into her naked breasts. I could feel myself aching as the cream looked so much like cum as she dotted it around her neck and chest. She settled onto the sun bed and, once I had calmed myself down enough to not obviously be very turned on, I got out and joined her.

I re-creamed myself as well before going to get us portions of chips each and settling back onto the bed. Donna and Alan came back mid-afternoon, and now I was wearing sunglasses, I allowed myself to stare as she applied cream to herself and laid onto the sun bed. I was willing her to take her top off, but much to my disappointment, she didn't.

At 5pm Fi sat up and said she was going to head back up to the room. She scooped up her top and book before heading back to the room using the towel to hide her breasts. I finished the chapter of my book and headed up as well. I knocked on the door, as Fi had the key. "Dean?" she asked.

"Yeah," I said, as I heard the door unlock and pushed it open.

I smiled at her as she was wrapped just in a towel halfway through drying her hair. She sat back in front of the mirror and continued to dry her hair. "You getting dressed up?" I asked.

"Just going to wear that dress," she said gesturing towards a dress that was laid out on the bed.

She had laid out a sun yellow neck knee length dress on the bed and I did notice that there was no underwear laid out. The dress didn't look too dressy, so I opted for tailored shorts and a polo shirt again. We weren't going to the posh restaurant, so no need for trousers and a shirt.

"You wearing anything under it?" I asked.

"Perv," she replied, "Yeah, although I am a pair of panties down so I will have to go without one day."

"Why?" I asked.

"Erm, cos one pair are soaked in your cum..." she said sticking her tongue out at me.

We got sorted and headed downstairs to the restaurant. They were already there and were at a table so we joined them; the waiter took our drinks order and handed us a menu each. Alan was wearing shorts and a t-shirt like me. Donna was wearing a knee length light blue dress; her blonde hair was held up in a turned back ponytail? or whatever you call them, a ponytail but it was twisted round so didn't hang down. They were really nice, and we got on well, the girls were sharing a bottle of wine, which soon turned into several, while Alan and myself stuck to the pints.

"Closing up ladies and gentleman," the waiter said softly.

"Oh, sorry," I said shocked that it was half 12 already.

We paid the bill and continued talking as they tidied up around us. As we finished the drinks, Alan suggested we get some carry outs from the bar and go back to one of our rooms to continue the drinking. We went back to theirs for the reason that it was closer to the bar so less walking. Alan sorted out four chairs into a circle around the table as Donna sorted the drinks out and handed them out.

Conversation flowed well into the morning, ranging from politics to relationship status and everything in between. It was a lovely evening and I did note that their air conditioning was just as poor as ours was, not that it really mattered, as we were sat out on the balcony. The room was smaller than ours, but was essentially the same layout, including the glass panel balcony wall, which me and Alan used to pass away the time as they talked about hair and make-up and stuff that we had no interest in. Male conversation of football, computers, cars, bikes etc., etc. was exhausted, so we were just casually drinking and chipping in on the girl's conversations when and where we could.

"You sharing a bed as well?" Fi asked Donna, which brought my attention back from the drunk people that were staggering down the road four floors below us.

"Yeah," she said, "Are you?"

"Yep," Fi answered as I felt a slight nervousness rise up in me as we had done more than share a bed. Logic said that she wasn't going to be that candid, but alcohol sometimes has a strange effect on inhibitions and common sense.

"Not helped by the fact the air con is shite," Donna said, "Is yours practically useless as well?"

"It isn't the greatest," Fi replied.

"Makes wearing pyjamas a bit on the toasty side," Donna said.

"Wow, you must cook in pyjamas," Fi commented, looking at her.

"Just slightly," she said, before pausing as her mind processed the suggestion that Fi didn't wear pyjamas. "Why, what are you wearing in bed?"

Fi paused, her expression giving away that she didn't realise that she just insinuated that she didn't wear pyjamas, which to be fair she didn't. Donna smiled at her hesitation, "Come on, tell," she said, "Naked?" she continued holding eye contact with her.

"No," Fi replied, "Not naked, just underwear."

"Bra?" Donna pressed, enjoying making my sister squirm as she slowly coerced her into admitting that she had slept with her brother only wearing her panties.

Alan and myself watched on as she got quizzed; maybe I could have stepped in to change the subject or something, but I didn't. After a few moments of pressing and teasing by Donna, she said in a soft, almost shy tone, "No, just panties."

"Haha, awesome," Donna giggled, "Not shy then?"

"We shared a room for a long time when younger," she explained.

"What about you?" Donna asked, me catching me off guard slightly.

"Boxers," I answered.

"Well that's hardly fair," Donna said smiling at me.

"Be a bit weird if he slept with me with nothing on," Fi said, sticking her tongue out.

"Do you like..." Donna started before pausing as she selected the words, "Not bother at all?"

"We don't wander around in our birthday suits, if that is what you are asking. Just when we shared a room, it was easier if you didn't bother so much," I replied.

"Have you seen each other naked?" Donna asked.

"When we were kids yeah, but not for ages," Fi lied; we had seen each other more than naked not so many days ago, although before that I don't think either of us had seen each other totally naked since puberty.

Conversation continued in a similar sort of direction for a while with me and Alan just listening and joining in when required. It gradually twisted around to partners and ex partners when Donna asked Fi, "Spit or swallow?"

Both Alan and myself almost snapped our necks as we turned to look at them; he looked at his sister amazed she had just asked that question and I looked at my sister as I wondered if she was going to answer. "Oh, defo swallow," she said, "You?"

"Swallow," Donna admitted as I discretely shifted position to hide my hardening penis as I imagined her on her knees sucking me off.

"Fav position?" Fi asked, her smiling.

Donna glanced at me, then a slightly longer glance at her brother, clearly a little uneasy to be having this conversation in front of him. "From behind," she said, "Angle hits all the spots," she continued visibly blushing, which looked so adorable.

"And you Alan?" Fi asked.

He looked startled as she asked him the question, "Her on top," he said after a few moments.

"And you?" Donna asked looking at Fi.

"From behind, like you say... wow," she answered, smiling at Donna.

I knew I was next so answered before I was asked, "Her bent over a table stood up," I said. The extra speed and depth was amazing, although I didn't disclose the reasons.

We all just smiled at each other shyly. We had had a really good night, but we didn't really know each other that well. Fi broke the silence when she asked Donna if she took it up the bum.

"Fuck no," Donna replied bluntly, "Do you?"

"If he asks really nice," Fi admitted, "but I don't really enjoy it, so don't do it much."
