 So far, the trip was going well. Sharon and her old college roommate, Shelby, had planned to travel from opposite coasts to meet in the middle for a week of fun and catching up with each other. Sharon started her trip this morning, the car all gassed and oiled, the luggage neatly stored, the cooler full of drinks and snacks, and the passenger seat a virtual homage to Frommer. 

Her CD player was full of her favorite tunes and the weather was lovely. This was going to be wonderful. Sharon sang along with the Broadway show tunes, happily driving down the Interstate at a nice, even, fast speed. She did notice the same cute red car, passing her and then allowing her to pass all morning, the driver an attractive male, all alone. After a while, they made a game of passing each other, waving and smiling as they moved in and out of the lanes. It seemed only minutes later, when she noticed her low fuel light blinking. Checking, she noted she had already covered three hundred miles and needed to fill up her little car. She pulled into the next gas station oasis, using her card in the automatic pump to pay for her gas. 

She couldn't help noticing the red car next to hers. Rather, she noticed the driver, her highway friend. He was tall with dark brown hair and pretty blue eyes, with crinkles around them when he smiled. And he did smile. Lots. At her. He even came over and assisted her in getting the pump to start, Sharon was a complete ditz with things mechanical. They chatted as the cars filled. He introduced himself as Brad and discovered that he was traveling the same direction. Sharon liked his looks and his clothes. He was dressed in a casual dressy way, his clothes fitting as if made for him. When he turned, she could not help noticing his very nicely shaped ass. As they waved goodbye, she did notice no wedding band on his hand, something that was always nice to know.

With her car full, Sharon started out down the highway. Before long, she saw a sign for her favorite restaurant/store. She loved shopping there and had a collection of porcelain only available in this particular chain. She indicated and pulled off the highway, traveling along the service road to the entrance of the parking lot. She parked and opened her door, surprised to see her new-found friend opening his car door too. She laughed and left her car. 

"We have to stop meeting like this," he said. They entered the store together and he invited her for coffee. As they settled in the booth, they both saw the dessert list, with lovely, lifelike pictures. When the waitress came to their table, he ordered coffee and two different gooey, delicious desserts. They talked easily until the order arrived. He was traveling for pleasure also, heading to a vacation resort to relax and unwind after a particularly grueling business deal. The conversation was pleasant and full of laughter until the waitress returned with a tray of goodies. Then they fell silent, sipping the hot coffee and eating the luscious pastries. Sharon offered him a bite of hers, then he did the same. They ended up feeding each other, making a bit of a mess with the dripping chocolate and whipped cream. At one point, Brad leaned over and gently kissed her mouth, licking the syrup from her chin with his talented tongue.

As much as she hated this wonderful break to end, Sharon needed to get on the road. She wanted to cover another few hundred miles before she stopped. She lightly kissed Brad's cheek and told him goodbye. They walked out to the cars together, and then said goodbye again. Buckling her seatbelt, Sharon waved again, mouthing goodbye through the window. She pulled onto the service road and then the Interstate, feeling slightly bereft. She drove along, the music blaring, singing along and enjoying the peace when the little red car passed her again. He pulled in front of her, maintaining a slightly faster speed, taking the lead for the afternoon drive. After nearly 3 hours, Sharon saw the sign for her hotel and exited the highway. As she pulled in the drive, Sharon was delighted to see the red car parked ahead of her. 

The next two days passed quickly and wonderfully. In the evening, they swam and went out for a nice meal. During the day, they traveled the same highway, taking turns being the leader, stopping for gas and sharing meals. They exchanged cell numbers and would chat about everything during the long miles. Every afternoon, they stopped for a tantalizing dessert and coffee, and included kisses and caresses. Staying at the same hotel each night was tempting, but Brad respected Sharon's boundaries. They swam together, often touching softly, but always respectfully. Dinner was nice, dressing up and going out, It was fun and exciting. But always, they returned to their own rooms and their own beds. Alone. Sharon thought it would be best.

On the fourth afternoon, they arrived at the designated hotel. Sometime tonight, Shelby would drive in from her half of the journey and she and Sharon would start their reunion. They had been inseparable in college, but had moved to different states after graduation. In the time since then, both had missed the other terribly. They kept in touch with lengthy phone calls and E-mails, but this would be their first meeting in over 4 years.

Brad and Sharon checked into the hotel and went to their separate rooms, as was their custom. Sharon began unpacking, thinking of Shelby and the fun they would have, then thinking of Brad and how much she wished he wouldn't drive away in the morning. There was a knock on her door, interrupting her reverie. She opened it to see Brad standing there, looking at her with longing. He walked in without a word, reaching for her and pulling her close. He kissed her deeply, his tongue thrusting into her mouth, staking his claim. Her tongue tentatively met his and she felt her body melting. They stood there, kissing, pressed together, on fire. 

She could feel his erection pressing on her tummy, making her throb to life, her body becoming moist in preparation. Still not speaking, Brad reached down and opened her jeans, pulling them and her panties down her thighs. She stepped from them, kicking them away, waiting for his next move. Again, he pulled her to him, and she felt his rough jeans against her smooth pussy, rough and sexy. His muscular thigh was inserted between hers, pressing against her swollen mound. He continued to kiss her hungrily, not the gentle kisses of previous nights, but the kisses of a man at his limit, who needed his woman.

Barely moving from her, he opened his jeans and pulled them down, his cock hard and reddened with desire. He pushed her back against the bed, following her down, falling gently on top of her, his cock pressed between her legs, nestled against her baby soft, swollen lips. The desire that had been building since the first chocolaty kiss was going to be satisfied. Neither of them wanted to wait, neither of them could wait. Sharon spread her legs, wrapping her calves around Brad, pulling him closer. His ready cock slid into her, the entire length finding a home in her swollen pinkness. They stilled for a moment, looking at each other, watching each other. Then Brad began to slowly stroke into her. So slowly, so deeply. 

She loved the feeling, moving her hips to meet his, feeling his curlies smashing into her smoothness. Over and over, his cock was withdrawn and then thrust into her. She could feel the distended veins along the shaft, the heat of his cock as it made its way into her, repeatedly. She felt the orgasm building. Her feet clasped around his waist, her legs locked around him, her body taut, her breath held. Then it started. Deep inside of her pinkness, she felt the spasm start as she clutched his dick with her throbbing pinkness. She molded around him and took him with her on the ride, feeling him begin to erupt and fill her with his come. He kissed her, held her close and waited for her spasms to stop. As they just returned to sanity, there was a knock on the door. Shelby called out to Sharon. They jumped up and pulled on their jeans, trying to regain the look of innocence. 

Brad went to the door and stood beside it, waiting. Sharon opened the door, hugging Shelby and pulling her into the room. She turned to Brad and thanked him for helping her with the bags and told him goodbye. With a wave, Brad was gone. 

Shelby looked at her oldest friend. Sharon was flushed, her eyes glittering, her shirt wrinkled. She pulled up Sharon's shirt and saw the jeans had not been zipped. Then she noticed the panties on the floor, kicked carelessly away. Shelby smiled at her friend, moved closer and slipped her hand into Sharon's jeans, her fingers reaching for her swollen slit. She discovered the bare skin, the swollen lips, and the pussy full of come. "Tsk, tsk, shame on you, Sharon!", Shelby smiled. "You have been a naughty girl!" 

Shelby left her fingers inside Sharon, feeling the wet slickness of come, feeling her engorged clit. She watched Sharon close her eyes and sway toward her. She remembered well how delicious Sharon's sweet pussy tasted. Many nights in the dorm, they had satisfied each other when the need presented itself. Now, Sharon was wet and just-fucked, but apparently still wanted more. 

With Shelby's fingers still inside her, Sharon pulled off her jeans for a second time. Then she undressed Shelby, marveling at how lovely she still was. While Sharon was short and dark and shapely, Shelby was taller, pale and a true redhead. Her body was still tight and lean, her curlies so bright against her creamy thighs. They moved to the bed with Shelby's fingers still inside her friend. The kissing was soft and gentle, deep and intense. Both women wanted to make love and began touching the other with skill and knowledge.

Brad had quietly entered the room, taking in the entire scene. His cock had hardened instantly and he quickly undressed, and moved to the top of the bed, stretching out, ready to help if needed. 

Shelby's fingers continued exploring Sharon's wet pussy. The come was oozing from her now and coating Shelby's hand. She found Sharon's clit and began to circle it, flicking it occasionally, making Sharon moan aloud with pleasure. Sharon was nursing on Shelby's pink nipples, pulling them deeply into her mouth, feeling the reaction as Shelby arched her back and begged for more. 

Brad moved to Shelby's side, his mouth hungrily seeking her swollen slit, separating the red curlies with his tongue and diving into her cunt. He licked her with so much desire, hungry for her juices, lapping at the softness of her. Her mouth sought his erect cock as her fingers continued to drive Sharon toward orgasm. She felt Sharon tense, felt the flood of juices against her hand and down Sharon's thighs. The suction on her nipples, combined with Brad's tongue were taking her to explosion. Brad was thrusting his cock deeply into her mouth, holding her head in place as he fucked her. Hearing Sharon come drove Shelby to the brink and over. Brad listened to the women and found himself coming again, filling Shelby's mouth with his cream, hearing her swallowing rapidly, mewling for more.

The action slowed. The hands and mouths remained in place, now barely moving. Everyone's breathing returned to normal. Slowly, Brad moved to the center and held a woman on either side, kissing and snuggling with both. Content, he announced he might delay his trip for a few days. They all smiled.