 I was going nuts, I heard a voice, it was my voice, I was saying “Jesus, Oh God, Oh Jesus, fuck me, give it to me. Harder, don’t stop, please don’t stop” I felt like I was building to a greater feeling than I had already felt from him. I was begging him. “PLEASE, PLEASE DON’T STOP, FOR GOD SAKE PLEASE, IT SO GOOD, IT’S SO FUCKING GOOD” I was picking these words up from listening to Sally on the video. It seemed the more I said to him the faster he went and I swear his cock got bigger and fatter. 

I felt it, I was there, it was that mountain top again, only it was so much more, so much more. I was making sounds that I never heard or said before in my life. I was beyond understanding myself. I felt his cock swell up and begin to pulse, he exploded inside of me, I swear it exploded, I felt wave after wave of pleasure sending my body into the most wonderful feeling I ever had in my life. My climax hit me the same time as he climaxed, nothing ever in my life before ever felt this great. I hate to admit it, but I wanted more, I wanted to feel that feeling again. He held me very tight as he pumped his sperm into me.

I could feel this guys dick starting to get small, yet my own climax was still coursing threw my body, he started to pull out. I wanted to scream “NO, NO DON’T” but I knew that I could not let him or anyone else know how much I loved that feeling, I know if I do, I would be called a slut or a whore. I know I am not one, and I could never allow myself to be put in that category, no matter what. I felt him pull out of me and the waves of pleasure I knew as he pulled out that this pleasure was over and would die. 

As soon as he pulled out and moved away, I felt another dick pushing into me. My mind was screaming “YES, YES, Oh God YES” I moaned out loud I felt my head being turned and I had a very wet half hard cock being put through the hole opening of the thing over my head for my mouth. The guy said “here bitch, suck me clean, taste your cunt.” I recognized that smell; it was the same type of smell I always smelled on Phil when He had me suck him at night after he came home late. So that’s the smell of a women’s juices mixed with a man’s cum. What puzzled me at that moment was, why did Phil have that smell and taste when he had not made love to me? 

Now I knew what that smell was as his cock went in my mouth the smell I was getting was me and him mixed together. God I hate to admit this, but I something happen to me I lusted after that man dick. I attacked his cock, I gulped at it, I wanted to taste us. The guy fucking me was just as big, and just as good. I felt fingers going over the top of my cheeks and fingers working down the crack of my ass, the hand was working down and I felt a finger touching my asshole. It felt good, when the guy would slam into me, it would push the other guys’ finger against my butt hole. 

After a few minutes I think he worked it in a little. I felt dirty, I felt nasty, I felt used. And I felt very, very excited; it seemed to get me hotter. The cock I was sucking that started out half hard and went soft as it went into my mouth started coming back to life. It was getting hard again and that almost in it’s self was making me even more crazy with lust. I felt I think two fingers working in my ass as the other guy was fucking. I felt his cock start to swell up, I knew it would be any second, and I knew when he shot his cum in me and I to would crest that tidal wave of pleasure once again.

I heard this girl screaming, she was screaming in pleasure, she was yelling over and over “FUCK ME, FUCK ME, FUCK ME, FUCK ME, OH GOD, IT’S SO GOOD, FUCK ME, MAKE ME CUM, MAKE ME CUM, FUCK ME, FUCK ME HARDER!” I recognized the voice it was mine, I was begging these bastards to fuck me, to let me cum and cum and cum. I felt the cock explode and throb inside of me, I felt the sperm shooting deep inside. The guy pumped a while more as my own body shook and shook with a lovely strong climax. 

As I was kneeling there sucking the first guys now rock hard cock, I heard a very familiar voice coming from the video. He said “God Sally, you sure love that dog of yours, are you ready for my cock now?” IT WAS PHIL, that son-of-a-bitch, he has been fucking Sally, I heard him moan and say “Oh shit, your cunt is so hot, that bitch of mine is a frozen fish, I wish she was like you, your so fucking hot, you can’t ever get enough cock can you baby?” Sally said, “shut up and fuck me Phil, give me that cock, do my asshole, yea, that’s it nice and deep. Fuck me baby, you got a long trip I want your balls empty before you leave, fuck me baby”

I was mad, I was shocked, I was hurt, hearing his voice brought me back to reality, I was being used by men I did not know, they could kill me, they thought I was Sally. I hated my vagina; I hated my clitoris I hated this feeling. I hated the fact that I loved the feeling of climaxing. Oh how I wished that bastard never let me feel the thing that I was missing all these years. That wonderful feeling, that thing that every woman felt except me. The feeling that Sally felt that made her the way she was. Oh Jesus, I wish that he would stop, I wish that it did not feel so good, Oh his cock is so hard, it is so fat.

Ohh, Ohh, Ohh Jesus, I ‘m going to come again. Oh God it feels so good. I heard Phil grunting as he fucked Sally in her asshole, I heard her screaming for him to fuck her harder, deeper and all that. I felt two maybe three fingers in my own ass and I imaged it was Phil’s cock, he wasn’t fucking Sally, he was fucking me, it was his cock not this guys fingers that was giving me all this wonderful pleasure. The guy behind me finely pulled out and another moved in behind me.

I felt the fingers leave my asshole, and I felt the man running his dick up and down my slit, I am sure it was wide open and all the sperm must have been coming out of it. He said “Oh your going to love this baby” I then felt him put the head against my butt hole. It pushed against me and I felt is sliding in, I had no idea what to expect, it hurt, it hurt a lot I can not describe it. I felt pressure, and the pain was hurting me. Yet something else was happening, maybe it was lust, I have no idea what it was all I know is I wanted it, I wanted this guy fuck my asshole. 

I felt myself stretching, I felt fingers working my clit and voices telling the guy to fuck me, they kept telling him to make me cum. Make her squirm. Squirm I did, I was moving my ass and pushing back against him. I had two different feelings going at the same time. The man I was sucking pulled back and I could not catch my breath, I could hardly keep my wits, I felt a different kind of climax, I felt like I had to shit, and climax both at the same time. I felt my vagina clenching and I squeezed my asshole tight around him. (Very tight) The guy I was sucking said “come on, hurry up I want some of that ass, hurry up man” the man fucking me was a piston, in and out, in and out, hard and fast. I started in I knew what I wanted to say, I knew what I wanted, I said, “Oh fuck me, JESUS, FUCK ME, MAKE ME CUM, MAKE ME CUM. I WANT IT, I WANT IT, FUCK MY ASS” I felt him pump hard into me and hold me tight. I felt his cock pulse and pulse. I felt him as emptied his cum in me. I screamed ‘YES, YES, OH GOD YES, YES” My body climaxed over and over. He quickly pulled out and another cock slid right back inside. 

Just for a second it seemed that I was empty and just for a second my climax started to die, when the other cock slid deep inside, I felt so warm, so hot, so nasty, I loved it, God forgive me I loved it so much. I was lost in this feeling of never ending climax’s, one right after another, it’s a good thing I was on my knees, I would have fallen over if I had been standing. I am not sure how many times they took turns fucking me, I know I was fucked in my asshole, in my cunt, and when they pulled out of my pussy, I begged to lick them clean. My head was spinning in lust; it was as if I had a damn break that was holding back 27 years of climaxs. All those years with Phil, fucking him so he could have his pleasure and never feeling anything but a receptacle for him to empty his cum in my mouth after he came back from fucking Sally and once in a while letting him fuck my pussy for a few strokes.

When the last, man finished my body started to come down, the never ending waves of pleasure started to stop, I began to come back to reality, lust was leaving my mind and realized that even though I had enjoyed the sex, I was there captive. I rested my head on the bed and relaxed, I listened to the men catching their breath, one man said “look at that” 

another, said, “look at what?” 

The first said look at her ass, there on the cheek, see it, see the butterfly?” 

another voice said “Oh shit, Terry, you said this was Sally Johnson, look Sally Johnson has a tattoo on her ass. I was terrified, they knew I wasn’t Sally,

Just then the phone rang, the man said “hello, hello Peter” 

one of the men said “put him on the speaker.” 

I heard Peters voice say “I got your ransom note, but I have to tell you Ralph, Sally is here with me, I don’t know who you have but it isn’t Sally” 

Ralph said “what about the formula? Did it sell? Are we, am I going to get any money from it?” 

Peter said “I told you Ralph, we are partners, you’ll get your half when we get home, now who is it that you have that you thought was Sally?” Ralph said “we don’t know, we picked her up as she was coming out of your house, she was wearing the dress Sally wore yesterday” Peters voice said “Ohh Christ, Ralph, I think you grabbed my neighbors wife, boy did you pick the wrong girl. She’s the type of cold fish that we made that formula for. Don’t hurt her, she’s s good friend of Sally’s and her husband is one of Sally’s regular lovers, shit if Sally didn’t fuck her husband he would explode. 

It was her that got me thinking of something to help poor guys like him. I heard Ralph say, “cold fish, you call her a cold fish shit she just fucked 8 of us for the last 3 hours and was begging for more until she fell asleep. This can’t be your neighbor, this girl is a fucking whore, she can’t get enough cock, trust me Peter, this ain’t her” Peter said “well whoever you have there, you better get her back before she is missed.” Ralph said “Yea, your right, John, lets get her back to her car”

I felt a prick in my arm, and I went out like a light.” I woke up sitting in my car, my pussy and my butt hole felt sore, not in pain, just a little sore I felt cum oozing out of me. I looked around and realized that it was dark out, I knew that I better get home fast, finding my keys in my purse, I sat there thinking about my day long ordeal. I kept going over everything in my mind, I was mad and more; I was overcome with all kinds of feelings. Feelings I did not understand right then, I found out this day that my husband was having sex regularly with my neighbor and what I thought was my friend. 

I had confided in Sally about all sorts of things and she knew how Philip treated me sexually, yet she had sex with him. The sex she had with him was like nothing we had ever had. The other feelings I had was that had been kidnapped and raped, I was used, I experienced sexual pleasure for the first time. I was sick with myself because I should have had that kind of pleasure with my husband, but he was busy next door getting his rocks off with Sally, he must have thought I was not worth his time or effort. Those strangers, men who did not know me gave me pleasures I should not have felt. 

I sat there and remembered what one of them said as I was waking up on the bed. He said something, what was it. Oh yea, he said “Just as soon as her fucking husband deposits the money, We’ll knock her out again and put her back in her car. That is if she want’s to go back to him, she just may decide to leave him when she finds out what he’s done, if she does go back, she’ll be returned the same way we found her.” a voice popped up and said “oh yea, how’s that?” The first guy said something that scared me to the bone. “Freshly fucked, only she’ll be so well fucked, that cum will ooz from her for days” I looked down lifted my dress opened my legs. I was oozing, just like that guy said. He was also right about me when he said “she just may decide to leave him when she finds out what he’s done” It’s a good thing Phil was gone for 4 more days.

I was trying to make up my mind, should I go to the police? Should I leave Phil? should I go home? But the one question that just hung there in my mind is. How can I ever get that feeling? Here I sit, sore, mad, what should I do? I started my car put in reverse and pulled out of the parking lot. I just started driving, Over and over I replayed everything said and the things that I did, and what was done to me. Some how I end up at home I get out of the car, as I stand there I can feel sperm oozing out of me, and I feel very, very wet from the front of myself to the back. I am tired, I am hungry, and I have to get a glass of wine. 

After taking a very hot bath, douching, both my holes, I finished my wine, and collapsed on the bed and feel asleep, then I had another first, for the first time in my whole life, I had a first sexual dream. When I woke I realized it was a dream, and I was out of breath the climax I had from the dream was so very strong. In my dream, I was screaming at the top of my lungs, and I woke up saying the same thing. “YES, YES, OH GOD YES, I’M CUMMING, I’M CUMMING” At what word I woke up I truly do not know. I woke up with wave after wave floating through my body, I had my own hand between my legs, and it was so wet I thought I might have urinated because I climaxed so hard. I brought my hand up expecting to smell the urine smell only to find my fingers slippery from my own juices or maybe it was left over from my ordeal the day before. I was glad I was not wet from my own urination.

I closed my eyes, and I wanted to re-call every lovely moment of that dream. I remembered it started with me walking into a bar, it was a small bar, full of men. I found a man that was the most handsome man I ever saw. I walked up to him, and gave him the hottest kiss I knew, he felt me up my short skirt. He ripped off my panties, and placed me on the nearest bar table. I was laid on my back and felt him holding my legs in his arms, his cock slid in, and all kinds of men stood around the table, one after another the all took turns fucking me. I had many climaxes over and over; they used my ass, my cunt and my mouth. I looked at the door of the bar, it opened and Phil walked in. I had a cock in my mouth from the guy that just finished fucking me in my cunt. 


There was a guy trying to insert a truck up my ass, he pushed hard and I felt his fat cock go in. I looked straight into Philips eyes; I started to fuck back hard, shoving my hips hard against him as he shoved it in me. I told Phil that I was the hottest piece of ass in the world, he is fucking me in my ass, this cock I’m sucking just came out of the hottest cunt in the world. To bad you are out fucking Sally, she’s not as hot as I am, are you watching these men fuck your cold fish wife? Ask them my love, ask them my sweet, ask these boys here just how cold I am. He looked so surprised; he walked up to me and said he wanted to be next. I said sure you can you get to be last after Bill fuck me for the third time and you suck his cock clean, then and only then will I let you fuck me ever again. You will pay dearly for fucking Sally. After Bill fucked me Phil had to get on his knees, and suck his cock. Peter appeared in my dream and he had the fattest cock I ever saw. He was standing between my legs and with both hands I reached for his butt; I grabbed at him and pulled him into me hard, I held him and I was fucking him hard. I looked at Phil and saw him on his knees, he had Bill in his mouth and another guy was fucking his asshole. I started to climax, I wanted Phil to know just how cold of a fish I was, I started to tell Peter how good his fat cock felt, how much I loved it in me, that he could come over to my house any day, any time and fuck me. He could come home from work and fuck me. He could wake up in the middle of the night come over, wake me up and fuck me, I remember I said, “your making me cum Peter, your going to make me cum, I’m close, I ‘m there I THERE, YES, YES, OH GOD YES, I’M CUMMING, I’M CUMMING” 

All the time I laid there remembering that lustful dream I had my fingers working on that lovely clit, again I shuddered to another wave of pleasure. I laid there just relaxing from what I just did again, and I wondered what was I thinking, what was my mind telling me. I know I am mad at Phil, I was also mad at Peter and Sally, funny, Sally was not in my dream. I finely got up; made coffee and toast, sitting there I kept thinking about yesterday. My emotions were running rampant I hated those men for kidnapping me, I hated finding out about Peter, Phil and my friend Sally. Then with the other side of my feelings, I loved what those men that kidnapped me did to me, I loved them for unlocking sexual pleasure and lust in my life. I loved them for those wonderful climax’s, I loved them for making me climax over and over for 3-5 hours (however long I was there). I loved Peter and Sally for going on their trip putting me in the position for those men to kidnap me. Maybe I should not say love, I am so confused over this.

What about Phil? Oh I still hated him, that fucking no good pencil dick, cock-sucker, mother-fucking bastard. Oh yea, there was no doubt, I hated him, I remembered my dream, seeing him sucking another man’s dick and getting fucked in his ass by a man while he watched me fucking 30-40 men. He was watching me and knowing I was loving every minute of it of every man fucking me. I decided to get up and go get his things, I would pack them up and leave them for him the day he got back, his stuff would be waiting for him in the carport.

I put on my sweats, (Funny, for the first time ever in my life, I did not put panties or a bra on under my cloths.) I knew I was going to be home all day, so it was comfortable to wear nothing but my sweat tops and bottom. I got to work on Phil’s stuff. After I packed his things, I realized that I forgot to go feed Brut. I looked at the clock I had to be at the church to help set up the tables for the potluck at 3 this afternoon. I darted out the back door over to Peter and Sally’s I took the keys went inside got Brut’s food, unlocked the cage and let him out of his run to eat and play. I went back in the house leaving the slider open. I knew it is ok to let Brut run as long as someone is in the house. I went to the fridge to get something to drink since Sally had asked me to finish off her raspberry ice tea I thought I would. I reached for it and saw it was very cloudy, I figured I would dump it out and make some new instant tea. I made the ice tea, sat down and looked around. I saw the couch; the table that Sally laid on her back as I the guys described the video. Ah the Video, I wondered if their were any other video’s around. I have never been a snoop before in my life but I had to know. I just had to see if they had another video around, one with Phil in it. I did not have to look long, right under the Video recorder in the cabinet were maybe 70-80 video tapes, I counted 10 with case covers, and the rest were all home made. 

I just grabbed one and put it in the recorder went to the couch and started watching. I sat there watching waiting to see Phil; I wanted something to throw in his face. I watched as Sally fucked man after man, I watched her sucking all kinds of men I watched her as she put on a nasty sex show, I watched as she used different things to fuck herself. It was in the third video that I saw her doing something I never expected to see. I had waited to see Phil, and I waited to see Brut and her have sex. After watching two of them, I started to look at the tittles, I found one marked “3-18 subject #2, potion (two drops)” That was 6 days ago. The video started, Sally was talking to the camera sitting on the couch, and she said “today is March 18, this is our second subject, our first one was a failure. I have placed two drops of the potion in a glass of ice tea, I have invited our subject over on the basis, I wanted some advice on my marriage.
