 Part 1 of 2, but each story can stand alone.

*

I had been raised in a family with a conservative outlook on sex while this outlook turned out not to fit me very well, it wasn't until I was eighteen and in the summer after I graduated from high school that I lost my virginity (see my other story 'Awakening'). My first lover was my boyfriend Mark, and we continued to date after we both went off to separate colleges. Our long distance relationship was very difficult and we were rarely able to get together. We probably had sex together a half dozen times before the strain of the distance took its toll. By the spring of our freshmen year, we broke up.

That spring I decided to take the Memorial Day weekend and go camping with a girlfriend. It was supposed to be a girl's weekend for the two of us to get away from college and daily life and just relax a bit in the woods. On Friday when we were to go my friend woke up feverish and feeling horrible. She called me to cancel and apologize. She offered that I could borrow her car and still go if I wanted to. "I think I'll still go" I told her, as I could use a quiet weekend alone to do some reading and relaxing. 

I got to the park and started to set up my gear. I'd borrowed an ancient tent from my Dad and the nylon material looked pretty questionable due to age. I figured it would survive the weekend, but I'd need a new tent if I were to camp much more. After I had cooked myself dinner and eaten it I sat down by my campfire and started to read. Just then a car arrived at the neighboring site and three college age boys got out and started to set up.

I tried to read my book, but my eyes kept wandering over to watch the boys. I was feeling pretty randy and the boys were the kind of cute athletic types that I find attractive. I let myself have some pretty nasty fantasies about them and I felt my pussy getting damp as I watched. Once they were set up, one boy came over and introduced himself as Tom and asked where I had bought my firewood. I invited them to just come over and sit by my fire that evening if they wanted. He accepted, and the boys soon joined me dragging over some chairs and beers.

I drank a few beers that they offered me and we talked about school, the weather and other mindless stuff. I have to blame it on my hormones, but I was flirting with them as we chatted and I started to really enjoy myself. I probably would have hooked up with one of the boys for some casual sex but for the fact that I can be pretty shy. I was also still quite inhibited by my conservative upbringing and while I had no trouble fantasizing about fucking these boys (even fucking them all together at once, as one of my particularly nasty fantasies played out) there was no way I was going to make such a move. 

We sat around the fire for a few hours and we might have been up half the night but for being suddenly interrupted by a rumble of thunder. Within the next fifteen minutes it became increasingly obvious that we were about to experience a storm as the lightning and thunder got closer. The boys said goodnight and went back to square away their campsite. I did the same, visited the bathroom and brushed my teeth. When I returned and crawled into bed I saw the boys were sitting under a rainfly playing cards by a lantern and still drinking beer. I was still very randy and I laid awake for a while fantasizing a bit before I fell asleep just as the rain started to fall. 

I don't know how much time passed, but I soon woke up to find myself in a raging storm. I had ignorantly placed my tent in the middle of a natural gulley and a small stream was running literally right through my tent. My duffle bag was soaked. As the wind howled the ancient nylon of my tenting began to give up the ghost, ripping along the seams. I struggled out of the tent and started throwing my sopping wet gear into my car, getting completely soaked and cold in the process. I started to think about what to do. If I broke down camp fully I'd be soaked and frozen and facing a three hour drive home in wet clothes. I was just about resigned to a sleepless night sacked out in the car when Tom appeared again in my campsite. "Come on over -- you are soaked!" he yelled in the wind. I nodded and followed him back to the boy's tent and stepped inside. 

My neighbors had one of those huge twelve person tents, and the floor inside was covered with their mats and blankets. Two of the boys were inside already asleep. Tom tossed me a towel from his bag and pointed to an empty bed. "You can warm up in there" he told me then he stepped back outside to put away some stuff. I was nervous about taking off my clothes in their tent, but I figured if I got under the blankets and slipped off my wet clothes I would be OK. I slipped into the bedding and shucked off my completely soaked clothes. As I toweled off, I thought that it would have been nice if Tom had loaned me some sweats or something, but he hadn't though of it and I was not about to rummage around in his duffle bag while naked in his tent. I wrapped myself up in the warm blankets and started to feel a lot better. I dozed lightly for a little while.

I woke suddenly from my dozing to find the tent pitch black. Someone was lightly caressing my ass. "Uhn-uh" I frowned and the hands stopped. Moments later a different set of hands gently rubbed my breasts. I frowned and grunted no again. My mind was racing. My usual conservative self was deciding how to get out of the situation. Should I get up and head to my car? Should I just sit up and tell these boys off? I hesitated partly because I didn't have plan, partly because I was completely naked and mostly because I think I wanted something to happen with these boys in some secret way that I could not admit to even myself. My secret inner slut was hoping that the boys would force me to fuck them all, doing all sorts of unimaginable things. 

My conservative regular self on the other hand had just reached the decision that it was time leave when the hands on my breasts suddenly released them and grabbed my shoulders instead. The hands pushed my shoulders down so I was on my back and a strong male body rolled between my legs. I felt a very big, very hard cock pushing against my body seeking to penetrate me. "Uhn-uh, no" I said, but my hips betrayed my real desire. I wiggled slightly and the tip of the hard cock was suddenly lodged against my opening. My pussy was already wet from my general horniness, and with a push he slid the head into me. 

The cock in my pussy was very big, and as he started to work it into me with short strokes I got steadily wetter. The words telling this boy to get off me died in my throat as I suddenly wanted him to stay inside. My pussy started to open up for him and he hit bottom with his big dick stretching me fully and his balls resting on my ass. Slowly he started to work his cock in and out of me. It felt like heaven. I stopped thinking about what to do for a while and instead just started to work towards an orgasm. The cock inside me was sliding back and forth so nicely and I was building up steadily. I was getting close to coming when I realized I might run out of time. The boy on top of me was starting to breathe raggedly. "Pull out" I whispered urgently. But there was no way to stop him and he suddenly stiffened. He pushed his cock deeply into my pussy. I felt him throb as he pushed shot after shot of semen into my naked pussy. This throbbing took me over the edge and I shuddered with a strong orgasm. 

My lust was now afire and I wanted more. The boy who had been caressing my ass earlier pushed me onto my side and entered my pussy from behind. I was lubricating like never before, and my entire cunt was slippery and wet from my clitoris to my asshole. The second boy was pounding away and felt nice. I had a couple more small orgasms before he pushed me onto my back again and mounted me. His cock was nice and hard. I reveled at the feeling of fullness as it stretched my pussy open and his balls slapped repeatedly against my ass. He rode me steadily and I had two more small orgasms as the tip of his cock pummeled my cervix while his pubic bone massaged my clitoris. He moaned "I'm coming" and started to pump another big load into me. His cock twitched and throbbed adding more hot wetness to the impossible mess. I lay still on my back as he rolled off of me. I reached down and traced a finger around my pussy, amazed at how incredibly wet my pussy was from the huge loads of semen and my own juices. It was running out of my pussy at this point and dripping along the crack of my ass. 

In a few moments the last boy found me in the dark. He gently pushed me onto my knees and knelt between my legs to rub the tip of his cock up and down my dripping slit. The teasing felt nice, I tried to pull him forward into me. The tip of his cock slipped up and pressed against my asshole. "Mmmm, too high" I murmured to him, mistakenly thinking he was trying to fuck my pussy. With my first boyfriend Mark I had never even thought about anal sex before. This boy was determined to take my virgin ass as I soon learned.

A small river of juice and semen had run down my ass crack and the boy's cock was coated with it too. He had plenty of lubrication and the tip of his cock started to rudely shove my ass open. "No, not my ass!" I whispered urgently to him, but he paid me no mind and kept steadily pressing his cock into me. Instinctively I felt that fighting him would hurt me, and instead I bore down and squeezed with my ass to allow him in. His large pole stretched me open, and I was on a knife's edge of pleasure and pain as he steadily filled my ass. In a few moments I was shocked to feel his balls resting against my cunt, realizing that his entire cock was buried in my tight ass. 

The boy then took my ass for himself. I rested on one elbow and rubbed my pussy steadily as he filled my ass repeatedly with strong sure strokes. My hole was stretched tightly around his hardness as he stroked it into me over and over. I was in another world, the feeling was so intense and so delicious. Before long I was babbling shockingly dirty things to this boy as he fucked me. "Fuck my ass!" I told him. "Your cock feels so big and hard in my ass. I want to feel you cum in my ass." I went on and on with this slutty talk until I had an orgasm like no other, with waves of pleasure seeming to ripple from the center of my body. Just as I passed over my climax and started to come down the boy hit his own. He pulled my hips to him roughly, impaling my tiny asshole on his huge cock as hard as he could. His cock throbbed inside me. I could feel every twitch of his muscles deep inside me in a way that was much more intense than in my pussy. His seed rushed up the length of his pole and jetted strongly into my body. I could feel his hot wetness deep in my core and I relished him taking me so fully. He slipped his softening cock from my abused hole and rolled away. 

I laid still under the blankets and contemplated the incredible sex. I tried to block out my guilty feelings about how I'd acted and my worries about the morning. How was I going to leave in the morning without dying of embarrassment? Finally, still troubled but very satisfied, I fell asleep.