 Sally kept the pressure up, she asked "so, how is he compared to George?" 

Mary said "well for one thing, George likes to have sex once every two to three weeks, Johnny would fuck me four to five times a week, he was an animal. George hardly touches me, while Johnny would touch me, hold me and of course he would finger me all the time in the strangest places, he got off doing that. It was like Johnny lived to make me climax, but there were many times he would light my fire but not take me all the way. Those times I would have to wait until later to put my fire out. George just doesn’t care"

Sally said, "I bet you think of Johnny every time you finger and fuck yourself don’t you?" 

I realized that she was not asking Mary if she touched herself, she just knew she did. Mary said in a low soft voice "yea, I do." Sally then said I bet when old George is fucking you, there are times you are remembering a hot sexy time with Johnny. 

That it is not George fucking you so hard and good, but it is Johnny in you, don’t you baby?" Mary again said softly and dreamily voice "yea I do once and a while." Sally then said, "I would bet more than just once and awhile right?" Mary softly said "Yes I do." 

Then Mary asked Sally, "are there times you think of other men when Peter and you are doing it?" Sally smiled and said, "doing what honey, playing cards, come on Mary, we are both grown, no one is here but you and me. I am hot as hell, I bet you are too, and if a deliveryman came to the door right now. I would figure out a way to get him in here and fuck the living shit out of me, and as hot as you are I bet you would want some of it to, now, lets call a spade a spade, a hard cock is a cock. Not a penis, and fucking is, a hard cock attached to a hot sweating man providing pleasure to bring us to a climax." 

Mary repeated her question to Sally, only this time she was being much more graphic. "Are there times when Peter is fucking you, that you are thinking of someone’s else’s hard cock?" Sally said "that’s better, and yes, Peter is good, but I love thinking of other men and women. I love to picture other men doing me. Men like George, or the box boy at the market, and some times other women" Sally said it and I don’t think Mary caught it, but I sure did. I think she told Mary she was queer, when she said it I found it hard to believe Sally with another woman having sex? Kissing? I know and saw for a fact, she definitely loved sex with men, lots and lots of men 


The Sally asked "could I ask you some very personnel questions, I am asking just to see how normal I am, I was about 13-14 when I first had a climax from masturbating, how old were you?"

Mary’s response was wild "you mean from touching myself, I mean fingering my pussy don’t you Sally? Come on, a spade is a spade" the both started to laugh. S

ally said, "yea, I was 13 when I started to finger fuck my hot little pussy, what about you?" Mary said I was the same age" Sally then asked "how old where you when you first used something besides your fingers? I was 13 when I used my hairbrush handle. I used it for years" Mary said I used candles, and I had a perfume bottle I kept full of water next to my bed. I was around 14, God; my mom always asked me when I was going to get rid of it. I think she suspected something" 

Sally then said "one day I was in my back yard in my tree tire swing it was dusk, and my German shepherd stuck his nose under my dress, he licked me. God Mary, he made me cum, did anything like that ever happen to you?" Mary sat for a minute and then said "yes, one time, but I ran the dog off, I was afraid he was going to bite me, and I did not know who he belonged to.

I thought, My God, she’s asking her about dog sex, I guess that is what started Sally. She then said "I was 16 the first time a boy touched me, how old were you?" Mary said "I was 15 it was on my birthday at my party" Sally then said "even though I used all kinds of things to fuck myself with, I was a virgin with Peter, what about you Mary?" 

Mary said "Oh I lost my virginity at 16, it was with Johnny, I have only had two men in my life, or should I say one boy and one man, no, Johnny as a boy was far better than George is as a man. I waited for this, I knew Sally was going to get to it, she said I was 16 the first time I made love with another girl, how old were you?" Mary said "I never have, I thought about it at different times in my life, but I never have, besides, I never knew another girl I could feel comfortable enough to trust to keep her mouth quite."

Sally acted shocked, then she said "you poor girl, you missed that part of your sex life, I bet you fantasized about it didn’t you?" Mary said almost blushing "yes, I thought about it, but like I said I never knew any Lesbians." Sally made no attempt to hide what she was doing, she changed positions on the couch, she got up, and then folded her legs under herself, crossed her legs Indian style, and sat down, it made her crotch wide open when as she sat down on the couch. She put both of her hands on her open legs, slowly and I mean very slowly, she raised the hem of her sundress. From the angle of the camera and from Mary’s angle it was very clear that Sally was naked under her sundress. I could see her lips, her small bush, Mary was staring at Sally’s hands and like me at Sally’s open crotch.

I was fascinated by Sally, she sat there so calm, she had her legs open her hand moved down to her exposed pussy, she made no attempt to conceal what she was about to do. I could see Mary watching her as I was. Sally asked "have you ever watched a woman finger herself to a climax before Mary?" Mary did not say a word, her eyes were glued to Sally’s hand and fingers, and she just shook her head "no". Then Sally asked her "do you want to watch me?" Mary again said nothing and shook her head "yes" 

Mary was frozen she did not move a muscle, I could not peel my eyes away I wanted to see every detail. I kept watching as I moved my hand down between my own legs and started to touch myself. Through my sweat pants, I had to I had no choice. I felt on fire, those questions to Mary, her answers, seeing Sally so hot and turned on, and in control, seeing Mary so out of control. 

GOD I WAS ON FIRE. Sally uncrossed her legs, laid back sort of at an angle, put one leg on the floor, and the other up against the back of the couch. She was fully exposed; she put her head back, and went to work on her self. I watched, as I was learning how and what to do from this video. I saw Mary staring at Sally, she again put her hand between her legs only she still had her skirt between her fingers and her pussy, it didn’t seem to bother her, she was rubbing every bit as hard as Sally was.

I heard Sally, she was going nuts again, she was breathing hard, very hard, she started saying "Oh God, it Feels so good" I did not know if what she was doing was for Mary’s benefit, or for her own. I did know I was not only fascinated, I was hot as hell. I stood up, and slid off my sweat pants, I sat back down and touched my now open pussy. I was wet, very, very wet, I rubbed myself and I wanted to find out just how long I could keep myself "almost there" (what ever that means) 

I loved this feeling and if I could keep myself right at the edge. Sally kept at it. Oh fuck, Oh fuck, God it’s so good, it’s so good, oh shit, oh shit, OH SHIT, OHHHHHHH FUCKKKKKKK" I had to stop touching myself as I was going to climax myself, I wanted to wait I wanted to some how let it build. I looked at Mary, her hand was moving fast, she was trying to make herself climax with Sally, her own head was back, her own eyes where closed.

Sally stopped, opened her eyes, and watched Mary, she said, "Pull your skirt up Mary" with her eyes closed, Mary slowly pulled up her long skirt. I swear it took forever. With her legs open the way they were I could see her panties were inside her crack. There was no crotch to be seen, but it was obvious that Mary had some on. Sally said, "here, let’s get these things off" as she said that Sally moved, grabbed the edge of Mary’s panties and as she started to pull them off, Mary lifted her ass up. Mary never opened her eyes. When she was naked, Sally said "do it honey, touch your self, make yourself cum. I want to watch you" Mary’s hand went back to her cunt, her fingers (first two then three) went in inside of her hole, then she brought her other hand to herself. With it she started to work her clit at the same time she was running fingers in and out of her hole. Sally coaxed her on. "That’s it honey, that’s it honey, make it feel good baby, make it cum baby" Mary was starting to make the sounds now, sounds of pleasure, sounds of a climax starting. 

When she climaxed, it was obvious, she humped against her own two hands, and grunting like a pig. God was it hot; I had to again stop rubbing myself I was so ready. When she finished Sally waited and said "honey, would you please reach over there, open the drawer and hand me that big rubber cock" Mary’s eyes opened and she saw Sally pointing to a cabinet next to the couch. 

Mary shifted around and opened the drawer, she said "Oh my God, they look so real" she reached in and grabbed two big 8 " fat rubber cock’s. She handed them to Sally. When she did, Sally reached for one, which left Mary holding the other one. Sally said "I’m still hot as hell, I need a cock in me" Sally just laid back and with her left hand she pulled apart the wet lips of her cunt. With her right hand, she aimed the fat cock into her hole. She moaned very loud as she pulled it into her self. "Hmmmmmmm, Oh God I love this, I love the way it feels as it slides in, it’s so fat, it’s so fucking good, Oh God, I love this" Mary watched and started to rub herself. 

Sally started to stroke it in and out; as she did she started talking to Mary again. "Go ahead Mary, use it, stick it in, you’ll love it, your still hot aren’t you baby?" Mary said, "Yea, I wish George was here" Sally said "he isn’t here, I’m here, your here, that fat rubber cock in your hand is here. Come on baby use it, stick it in, you know you want to, you know you need it, fuck it baby, fuck that hot pussy of yours sweetheart" 

I hit the pause button, got up and went over to the cabinet; I had to feel them. I opened the drawer, and I counted 12 different size’s of rubber cock’s, I saw a string with 6 big black balls on it, I saw three leather straps that looked like some sort of harness, two looked like they were some sort of panty thing. I picked up the one that looked like the one Sally was using in the video, I held it up to the screen and it looked the same. I went back to the couch and hit play, I swear I felt so excited, so hot, I laid back, opened my legs, and did as Sally did. I parted my lips, and eased it inside of me. It was a little bigger than Phil, but this time, I was so wet, I was so smooth, it felt so comfortable as it slid in. While concentrating on putting this lovely thing in, I lost track of what Sally and Mary were doing. I had to pick up the remote and re-wind it to where I had paused it before.

Sally said as she watched Mary inserting her cock in herself "Yea, baby, that’s it, Oh yea, that’s it, put it in, yea, now watch me as you do yourself. Don’t look at yourself, watch me" Mary was watching her, and so was I. Sally was fucking herself nice and slow. She moaned with every stroke and then she started in again questioning Mary "Tell me honey, have you ever wondered what it would be like to have two men fuck you at the same time baby?" 

Mary had a dreamy look on her face now, and she said "Ohhhhh, God, Oh God" I could see that Mary was fucking herself nice and slow. Sally was watching her and smiling, she was enjoying it to the fullest. (So was I) Mary finely answered Sally and said "Yes, oh Jesus, I have" Sally’s questions along with what they were doing all had a purpose. I knew Sally was leading Mary somewhere, I assumed it was to get her so turned on, to hot, so that Mary would do anything Sally wanted her to do, maybe it was to fuck my husband and her husband. 

I know, it was obvious to me that it was the potion working now, I know Mary, we have talked before, Mary was not a sexual woman, she did like sex, but nothing like I now know Sally does. Mary was hot, she was pure sex, pure lust. I also realized, I was to, it hit me, and I mean hard, I realized I did not have any of that position. Sally had Mary so hot I bet that with little to no coaxing, she could get Mary to fuck any man with a dick, hell, at this point I would fuck any man I could fuck her husband or fuck ass hole husband or better yet George. God, I wanted that feeling of a cock exploding in me again, Oh shit this felt good (I did tell you I was fucking myself didn’t I?) I knew a real cock would feel much better. 

Sally said, "I have this real nasty fantasy I think about when I do this, I think what it might feel like to have two men. One fucking me nice and slow Just like your doing with that cock in you, while the other has his hard cock in my mouth. I can just picture myself loving every minute of that. Have you ever fantasized of something like that Mary?" Mary made a deep moaning sound and I heard a faint sexy voice say "No" Sally had baited the hook, snagged her fish and now she went to pull her in, I could see it coming.

She said, "Really, do you like to think of real nasty things like that when you masturbate Mary?" Mary moaned a little louder and then said "yes, but I never have" Sally said, "I mean real nasty things Mary. Things like maybe Johnny and you out fucking and being caught by three or four other men that would make you do all kinds of nasty things to them, and your loving every thing they do, and Johnny joins in, you know things like that?" I watched Mary as Sally talked, the more perverted and nasty Sally described what she was saying, the faster Mary would fuck herself. 

Mary could not answer; she literally pulled her cock inside deep and held it as she climaxed. Sally said "Oh that’s nice baby, that’s nice, now cum, let it cum baby, close your eyes, listen to my voice, hold that cock in you, feel it, let your pussy grip it baby." Don’t you just love that feeling baby? Haven’t you ever masturbated and thought what it would be like to fuck 3-4 men one right after another making you climax and climax? Wouldn’t that be lovely Mary?" Mary in her high sexual state (just like I was) said "Ohhhh, My God, Ohhhh shit, I never.... before" 

Sally asked her "What baby, what is that baby, your not going to tell me you never fucked your self before are you?" Mary just laid back opened her eyes and started watching Sally stroking herself again. Mary said "Oh no, I have, I just never had anything like this, this soft, this real. And I never fantasized that Johnny and I would get so nasty" I sort of expected Mary to pull out her rubber cock but she didn’t. 

She went on "Johnny had a sick mind, I let him take pictures of me, and do all kind of nasty things" Sally cut her off and said "Yea, I bet he did, and I would bet you got off doing all of them didn’t you?" Mary said, "Yes, yes I did" sally said, "I thought so." Did you ever meet Johnny after you married George?" Mary said "no, but I wanted to"

"Was his cock as fat as the one your fucking right now?" Sally asked her I was watching Mary and she was not moving the rubber cock in her until Sally said that. I guess it took that to make her want to feel it move. Mary just went "hmmmm, auuuu, no, hmmmm ohhh, his is, I mean was a good size, in fact George is bigger, but Johnny had a nasty mind, George is just blaaa" Sally started in again with her nasty questions. "You said you fucked your self before, but not with a dildo" Mary said "is this what this lovely thing is called? I have, I got to get one of these, where can I buy one with out George finding out?" Sally got a huge smile on her face, looked right at the camera and said I’ll help you so he will never find out"

Sally said "Tell you what honey, when I am hot like this I want to do nasty things just like Johnny did, are you game?" Mary said "sure, God I am so hot, I haven’t been this hot sense the day before my wedding" Now Mary was steadily sliding her cock in and out" Sally said "I’ll tell you the things I used to fuck myself with if you’ll do the same. I think that would be a turn on, don’t you? You go first, then I’ll go, lets see, did you ever come home from a date with a boy and use something to fuck your self?" Mary said in a low voice, I only dated Johnny and George, but many times when I came home from being with Johnny. I would be all turn on, he would get me so worked up, I just was not satisfied until I did it alone" Sally said, "so tell me what did you use?" 

Mary kept stroking her cock, and said, "well I told you about my perfume bottle I had for years, and candles, well I think I tried everything at one time or another. I used banana’s, my mom’s douche tubes, her garden tool handles, cucumbers, and squash, you know the small ones stuff like that. What about you?" Sally said, "I think like you I tried a lot of different things, but once I found these lovely things, all those other things were out the window. Unless I’m out and about and I don’t have my toys with me. Tell me Mary what have you been using lately?" 

Mary said "Oh I stopped using things the year I got married, I realized that George was not interested in sex and I just sort of put sex out of my mind because I love him. If I have trouble sleeping I may quietly lay in bed next to him and masturbate while he is sleeping. Or if George finishes to quick, I’ll wait for him to go to sleep and finish myself off, sometimes, I’ll go in the bathroom or take a shower and make myself climax. Lately it seems for the past year or so, I have to do it every time we have sex, I mean fuck. It isn’t making love anymore, if it was, George would make sure I enjoy it as much as he doe’s, it is just sex for him and once in a while, I’ll climax with or before him, (very few times)"

Sally said "men, they only want their self pleasure, they get us all worked up, they get ready, and want to stick it in, wham, bam, thank you mam, damn!" and they both giggled. I said "Amen Sally, tell her girl." Sally said, "another thing I always think about is, what it would be like to suck a man’s cock that has just fucked me or another woman, I wonder what it would taste like. 

As she said that she pulled out the fat rubber cock in herself and brought it to her mouth. "Hmmmmmm" Sally moaned as she started to suck it, then she took it out and licked it as if it were an ice cream cone. "God, I taste good, I bet it would be better with a guys cum all around it" Mary watched her; I pulled mine out and did the same as Sally. I think I taste good also.

Mary said "I don’t know what you did to me Sally, it seems you woke up a sleeping nymph, I don’t know if it was all those questions or maybe for the first time in a long time you have me thinking about sex and the fun I once had. I never slept around, yet talking with you and your nasty mind, I would love to sleep around, I know I would not do it, but by God, I am fantasizing about all kinds of guys. I hope you don’t think I’m a slut, because I am not. I am just so hot; I can’t stop thinking about sex, lots and lots of sex. In my mind, I can see big dicks, little dicks fat ones, all kinds and God forgive me, I want to try them all"

Sally moved closer to Mary, she spoke soft and comforting, she put her left hand on Mary’s right calf and gently rubbed her inside calf. She said "Oh Mary, you have a right to have these desires, you are not a nun, and even if you were, you would still have the right to have the desires. You just could not act on them, but here, you not only have that right, by God, you have the right to indulge yourself in your desires, since that husband of yours won’t do what he has to keep you satisfied. You will just have to get what you need, where you can. Here, let me do that." Sally reached forward and grabbed the end of the rubber dildo Mary was holding inside of herself as they talked. Sally then said "I want you to close your eyes, relax, and listen to me as I take you on a little hot, nasty sex fantasy, I’ll work this for you, you just lay there and enjoy this wonderful feeling"
