 If it's possible for a team to back into the playoffs, that's what my ice hockey team had been doing for the past couple weeks. With a berth in the postseason all but locked up, the team had now lost seven games in a row -- more losses in two weeks than we had in the previous two months! -- and the playoffs were suddenly no longer a sure thing.

The losing streak was obviously weighing heavy on the guys, especially my buddies Jack, Howard, Gus and Moe, who had been the ones to form the team to begin with and had been, until recently, largely contributing toward piling up the wins. With one game left in the regular season, morale had hit rock bottom. One more win was all we needed to clinch a spot, but with the downward spiral we were caught in, we honestly didn't believe we could pull out just one more measly game to get us that fresh start in the new season.

My team was on my mind almost all the time during this stretch, so it was hard to find much enjoyment in anything. Fortunately for me, my best friend, a hottie named Jessie, was making her annual visit home by herself. When she had come up last year, leaving the husband and son behind for a week, it led to some exceedingly ungodly fun, so I was hoping for a little more of the same this time and, thus, help take my mind off my anxieties.

Jessie was staying with her parents for the week, which wasn't all that close to my apartment, but the time of travel didn't prevent her from stopping by my apartment her first full day in town. It was always a pleasant sight when the 5'5" slender brunette was standing at my door. Even though she was in her late 20s, she looked at least a few years younger, and, from her tight frame, you'd never tell she had pushed out a kid. You also couldn't tell from her stunning smile or her innocent bright brown eyes that she had so eagerly participated in the raunchy, debauched activities of which I had had the immense pleasure of being a part over the past few years.

The look on Jessie's face said it all, but what the girl was wearing punctuated her point. After all, no one wears a tight top, short skirt and high heels underneath a long coat in the dead of winter when she's looking to just hang out. After very little catching up in the living room, we were both in my bed with the only clothing between the two of us still on being Jessie's high heels. The lady loved her shoes, and I loved how she would sometimes wear them during sex. Nothing looked hotter than Jessie wearing nothing but a pair of sexy heels.

For the next half hour or so, I fucked another man's wife hard on my bed like I had done to her several times before. Jessie and I had been best friends for more than 10 years now, and that relationship had often erred on the side of romance, even after Jessie got married. We didn't cross the line of sexuality entirely until one fateful night four years ago when we had sex in my apartment while Jessie was stranded during a snow storm while her husband was out of town. Since then, the sexual element of our friendship was a bit of a roller coaster. I still don't think her husband knew about it -- that is, except when he and I were fucking his wife together.

My fond friend of now 12 years was always the best sex I had, no matter how we were doing it. This time was no exception. I rarely saw Jessie since she moved out of state not long after that first time we slept together, and I even less seldom fucked her just to myself, so I cherished this moment. Like I said, I didn't know if her husband had any idea his wife screwed me when she was back in her hometown without him, but Jessie was so irresistible that I had long since dismissed those qualms.

I had actually just seen Jessie about a month ago when her family visited during the holidays. Her husband and I teamed up on her a few times during that span, but it didn't matter how much she satisfied me while she was around; I always longed for more as soon as she went back south. One simple month felt like ages, and the pounding I gave her as she wrapped her limbs around me while lying on her back in the bed demonstrated just how badly I had desired to vent my obsessive lust. At last, I brought my dear friend to a screaming orgasm, indicated also by her nails' sinking into my back, her heels poking my ass and her mouth letting out a cry of undeniable pleasure while her pussy convulsed around my thrusting cock. Her orgasm was almost always enough to beckon my own, and this time was one of those instances.

I told Jessie I was going to cum, so she relaxed just enough to allow me to push myself up and withdraw my cock from her pussy. As my lady friend's perfect B-cup boobs heaved up and down, recovering from the orgasm that had just rocked that sexy body, I jerked off and plastered her tits with a generous helping of semen, cursing and moaning in delight as I did.

I collapsed next to Jessie, both of us catching our breath now as both of our bodies glistened with sweat. As Jessie kicked her shoes off and got comfortable with me in the bed after cleaning the semen off her breasts, small talk ensued, and soon I was telling her about the woes of my hockey team and the big game we had on Saturday.

While Jessie had met my friends on the team only once, she was in one way very well acquainted with them. About a year and a half ago, I had talked Jessie into a five-man gangbang in which my hockey buddies and I each got to enjoy the full experience of Jessie's rocking body. Undoubtedly it was the memory of that incredible night that inspired Jessie to make the offer that she would make.

"I bet I could boost your team's morale," she said with that unmistakable grin.

"What, like a strip tease?" I asked, intrigued.

"There would be no teasing," she responded. "A tease wouldn't be good for your spirits."

"Another gangbang?" I said, now beyond excited. Jessie just nodded her head, still grinning. Then she noticed that, even though I had just emptied my load a few minutes ago, my cock was getting hard again. "Maybe you want to practice right now by sticking that in my ass," she offered.

After giving Jessie anal for the first time in non-group sex and depositing the meager load my balls could supply on such short notice, we finally got out of bed and went out for the night. During the night, Jessie picked out a photo for me to show to my teammates in the locker room after our practice tomorrow in order to see whom we could round up to gang fuck her. I imagined there would be plenty of guys who would sign up.

The next day, I ran the idea by my four friends, and, naturally, they were stoked on the idea. In fact, Jack was so excited that he was the one to announce it to the rest of the locker room. Of course, a lot of guys on our team were in committed relationships, so I knew it wouldn't be all 22 of them dominating my poor friend, but most of them still wanted to see the picture of Jessie, and they all agreed she was a knockout babe. I'm sure most of them thought it was a joke or some sort of scam, like the ones you find on Craigslist.

We did have four guys, though, who committed to be at the rink with us Saturday afternoon before the game to have what we were calling an "optional practice." Their names were Kyle, Ryan, Evan and Matt. I didn't know how many guys Jessie was expecting, but I assumed nine would be enough! Personally, the biggest gangbang I had been a part of consisted of eight people, and that number included the girl. It was going to be an interesting pregame, to say the least.

With puck-drop at 6:30 pm and the rest of the team arriving around 4:30, we arranged for the 10 of us to show up at the rink 2 pm the day of the game. We figured it would give us at least an hour and a half to enjoy Jessie, by the time we were all prepared, and still leave about a half hour to clean up and be ready before the rest of the team showed up.

Jessie and I traveled to the rink together after Jessie had showed up at my house to carpool. It took every ounce of self-control to not fuck her right there in my apartment after she showed me her outfit. It was her old cheerleader uniform from college, and I was really impressed that it still fit her so well. Like most cheerleader outfits, it was sleeveless and had a very short, pleated skirt. The colors were blue, white and red. Originally she was going to wear sneakers to match the outfit, but I talked her into sporting the black and white high heels she had also brought. In addition to showing a little more skin and making her ass look a little tighter, the open toes showed off her French tip toenails. I understand cheerleaders don't typically wear high heels, but Jessie's feet were too cute to obscure with sneakers.

Jessie and I arrived at the arena just before 2 pm. For now, that same large coat from earlier covered Jessie's outfit, except for the heels and, of course, her long brown hair, which she had curled for the event. She didn't often curl her hair in that manner, but the slight change of appearance was cute and went well with the cheerleader getup. Of course, she also made sure those pretty eyes and lips were popping with just the right amount of makeup.

When I got Jessie to the locker room upon which we had all agreed, I saw that the eight other men were already present, and that presence was made clearly known as the group erupted into cheers in order to warmly welcome the sexy guest of honor, who grinned and blushed quietly in the spotlight. I knew, though, that she would come out of her shell soon enough.

"Hot damn," Matt, our goalie, said, "she's even hotter than in the picture!" The other new recruits agreed, while the guys who had been with Jessie before just grinned as memories from a year and a half ago undoubtedly swam through their heads.

"Well, what are we waiting for?" Jack said excitedly. He then pushed the play button on his phone to begin his pump-up playlist, as he often did before games. We'd heard these songs in the locker room many times before, but there had never been a girl in the room.

We guys took our seats on the benches, at which point I noticed that one of my buddies had laid a mat out on the floor by the lone column in the middle of the room. It was a good idea, since this floor could get only so clean, and Jessie was already going to be getting dirty enough for us.

Jessie needed only a minute to calm her nerves, and the boys were very patient with her as she took off her coat, a little timidly at first. Once we all got to see the cheerleader outfit, the group roared with praise and approval. The affirmation seemed to bring Jessie to full composure, and that confident, sure, wicked grin spread across her face as she strutted over to the mat.

We cheered louder and louder as the hot brunette milf took center stage and swayed to the beat of the music. Without hesitation, she pulled off her shirt, tossing it behind her and revealing a white bra with red polka dots. We all continued to voice our approval, getting more excited as Jessie continued her strip tease.

"Take the bra off!" shouted Howard. Jessie smiled and shook her head, instead reaching under that short skirt and pulling a red thong down her slender, slightly tanned legs.

"That'll work too!" said Moe, nudging Howard. Jessie pushed the garment down to her knees, slowly in a teasing fashion, until it got to her knees, at which point she let it simply fall to her ankles. Then, pushing her curled hair behind her ears, Jessie carefully pulled her high-heel-clad feet out of the thong, stepping out of it and kicking it disdainfully to the side amid the constant cheers of her fans.

"Skirt on or off?" Jessie asked flirtatiously.

"On!" we all agreed.

"Heels?"

"On!"

"Bra?"

"Off!" Jessie laughed and reached behind her back, unhooking the brassiere and throwing it right at me to the tune of the music and eight other guys' hoots and hollers. Those cheers got as loud as they had been all afternoon once Jessie's smallish but perfect boobs were on display as the woman stood before us wearing only shoes and a very short pleated cheerleader skirt.

Jessie cupped her boobs for a second and then lifted up the skirt, giving all of us a full view of her shaved pussy and eliciting another strong reaction from her audience. Then, her hair flinging around as she did, Jessie turned around and leaned against that column behind her and stuck her ass out.

"Who's first?" she asked.

"Not so fast!" I said, jumping up and beckoning Jack and Gus to join me. Looking over her shoulder, Jessie grinned, not too sure what I was doing just yet until I stepped up to her and playfully turned her back around and pushed her to her knees. In seconds, Jack, Gus and I had our pants undone, cocks out, hard and ready. By the time we three guys had our pants around our ankles, the other six guys in the room were disrobing as well.

From her knees, Jessie took Gus's cock in her right hand, Jack in her left and lucky me in her pretty mouth. Our teammates all surrounded her then, and for the next 15 minutes or so, Jessie made her rounds. As nine men circled her, Jessie turned every 30 seconds or so to take a different cock in her mouth and in each of her two hands, expertly stroking them as she wonderfully sucked on another.

Even when my dick wasn't in Jessie's hand or mouth, I at least had quite the sight to see as my best friend rotated around and pleasured all of my teammates who were in that locker room. Those gorgeous eyes beamed as her head bobbed back and forth slowly while her hair shifted as well. Whoever Jessie pleasured would moan with satisfaction, and all of us, no matter whom Jessie was attending to at the time, affirmed and praised the sex goddess as she showed off her ability around multiple cocks.

Once everyone had gotten at least one turn in one of the pretty brunette's hands and at least one turn in the mouth, Jessie was helped up to her feet, at which point she went back to leaning against the column and sticking out her ass. As the captain of the team, not to mention the best friend of the entertainment and the one who brought her, I was given the opportunity to take the first ride. My teammates took a step back and cheered me on, and Jessie peered over her shoulder at me, just the corner of that amazing smile visible as I stepped up behind the knockout brunette.

I put one hand on Jessie's waist while the other guided my engorged prick into the girl's pussy. My tip was greeted with the wonderfully wet folds of Jessie's vagina and had no trouble working its way in. Once I had the head in, I put both of my hands on Jessie's waist, holding my friend in place as I sank forward into her. Jessie and I moaned in unison while our fans cheered us on, my cock sinking deeper and deeper into Jessie until my balls were touching her clit.

Jessie moaned louder and slapped the column while I briefly ground against her. Then, to the admiration of the onlookers, I started to thrust in and out of my dear friend, slowly to begin as my dick got coated in her sweet juices. Jessie looked straight ahead, her fingers pressed hard against the stone in front of her as she moaned and took my steady pushes into her lovely body.

"I can already feel the morale going up," I said as I increased my pace, thrusting faster and harder into my married lover, my hips now slapping against her ass cheeks. My teammates encouraged me to continue and give the sexy brunette the pounding she needed. They hadn't seen anything yet, I thought.

After a few minutes of taking a solo run with Jessie, I pulled out, and the train really began. One by one, all nine of us had Jessie the same way, bent over against that stone column, steadily fucking her from behind. Some fucked her slowly and deliberately, and others screwed her hard and fast. Some held onto her waist, others her ass or tits, and a couple even pulled her hair. No matter what, Jessie moaned as her lover grunted and groaned behind her. Ryan even got her to cum, which was hot to watch, seeing Jessie tense up and cry out as a perfect stranger nailed her twat.

Kyle acted as the caboose of this train, being the last one in line to make Jessie moan. After he finished his run of hard thrusts into the woman, he pulled out and allowed Jessie to stand up straight. Now it was time to decide how to proceed.

The team again looked to me. I asked for a volunteer, of which I had plenty. Moe was the closest, so he joined me with Jessie on the mat as the beautiful brunette grinned. I think she knew what was coming and readily allowed us to pick her up, I in front of her and Moe behind. The crowd, especially the new guys, really started to voice their excitement as Jessie spread her legs and draped one arm over each of us, her right arm over my left shoulder and her left arm over Moe's right shoulder. With Jessie suspended in the air, Moe and I went to work fixing the girl on our pricks.

Jessie cooed as my cock slipped effortlessly back in her pussy but then gasped a bit as Moe's cock poked her asshole. I knew she would be OK, though, as she had done this same thing several times before. Once Moe was able to ease the head of his penis into Jessie's ass, he and I lowered the girl until we were both balls deep inside her.

The hoots and hollers were almost deafening as seven other men watched Jessie take two cocks. Kyle, Matt, Ryan and Evan were especially in awe, having never seen such a sight in real life before. The rest of us, of course, were entirely aware of Jessie's capabilities, and the newbies were about to see much more.

Once she was settled on our cocks, her feet dangling over the floor, Jessie cried out with excitement, her face beaming. Moe and I solidified our grip on the babe and then began to lift her up and lower her back down, sliding her up and down our shafts, which went in and out of her, mine in her cunt and Moe's in her ass. Before long, we were shifting her faster and faster, causing her hair and boobs to rock up and down as she took us deep and hard into both her holes.

Amid the raucous cheering of our onlookers, Jessie enjoyed a standing double penetration as her legs bounced with her body, which remained suspended in the air for a couple minutes. It was quite the workout for us guys, so much so that we actually lowered her a little bit at one point so that she could put one heel on the floor while she lifted the other one up over my arm. Jessie smiled at me as she now stood still and let Moe and me take turns going inside her ass and pussy. Her fabulous cunt felt even better now that it needed to compensate for her stuffed asshole as two cocks rocked in and out of her, separated by just a thin membrane.

Moe and I were sweating pretty good, and Jessie had some beads dripping down her flesh as well by the time we guys passed her off to the next group. Stepping up next were Jack and Matt, who gave Jessie a standing DP as well for a few minutes, the whole time allowing her to plant one foot in the ground as they sawed in and out of her tight, hot body.

Once Jack and Matt had their turn, Kyle and Evan stepped up, choosing to split-roast Jessie rather double-penetrate her. Kyle took her from behind and bent her over so Evan could stick his cock in that gorgeous mouth, and the two immediately began to thrust in and out of either end of her. Jessie's cries were muffled by that cock, but Evan's and Kyle's moans were clearly heard as each man fucked his respective end of their new fuck toy.

After a minute or so, they stopped thrusting and stood still, instead sliding Jessie back and forth between them like a slinky. By now, as the cheering was losing some steam, we could all hear the wet smacking of Jessie's pussy as Kyle pounded the hot girl. Jessie held onto Evan's hips as his cock plunged in and out of her mouth while she submitted to their lust, slamming each end into them over and over again.
