 Is this a true story? You bet it is, Gilmore. What’s that? You don’t believe me? Heck, I don’t blame you -- I can’t believe it happened, either. Maybe it didn’t! Just kidding -- it DID. I initially wrote this back in 1996, as a present for Danny (not his real name), the only other male who can verify the facts. All names have been modified (barely) to protect the sinners. It’s a long-ass story, so go get a drink. I’ll wait until you return to start. 

Amazingly, the idea for the six friends to head to the lake after play rehearsal came from Samantha, the stand-offish blonde kid from out of town who didn’t seem to have a nice word for anyone. Seems she was just a bit shy, and it came across as snobbery, although there were components of her apparent prudence that were genuine; during sex talks (which were frequent in the green room during rehearsals), Samantha played the prude. Again, quite a surprise for Samantha to suggest such a thing. More amazing still, Samantha was the only non-college senior in the crowd, a dainty sophomore. 

Not so amazingly, it was Danny’s idea for everyone to sit on the cement shore and give each other back and neck massages. Danny was a mountain of a man, 6’1 and 300 pounds, not an inch of it flab (well, maybe an inch). Danny was a real slut, and he knew the seductive value of a good neck rub. He projected the persona of a loveable dolt, apparently easy-going and eager to please. Danny’s good friends knew, however, that he was a determined individual who usually went after what he wanted, and had the looks to get it. 

Bender Lake is a sprawling man-made monstrosity, pristine blue year-round, surrounded by a shore made of concrete rather than the usually sand, dirt, grass or anything else living. Great for having sex on, or so opined Fiona, the Chinese girl who was a friend of Danny’s. Fiona and Danny had been in choir together in college, and although Fiona wasn’t a part of the community theater cast, she enjoyed the company of Danny and his new friends during the boring summer months. Fiona enjoyed all the physical attributes of her race -- tight package, smooth hairless skin, small boobs -- and her family was so pure in its race line that people were surprised to find how utterly American she was. Fiona was especially non-traditional in the bedroom. 

Bender Lake had seen very few visitors during the summer -- the college town’s students all hailed from other places -- and at night, as on this night, it was one-hundred-percent deserted. 

Danny sat behind Samantha and gave her a rub (she apologized to the gang for not being better at massages, then sat in front). She dipped her bare feet in the cool water. Behind Danny sat Stacey, an intimidating 5’10 goddess, statuesque in body and face, long black hair flowing halfway down her toned back. Stacey massaged Danny and was in turn massaged by Janet, the temporarily unemployed waitress and former ballet dancer with no acting skills (at least no formal training, that is -- she was quite the psychologist, everyone had learned). Janet and Stacey had become good friends during the play, haven’t never met before the auditions. Several inches shorter than Stacey, brown-haired Janet was in just as good shape, or perhaps better when you got a good look at her dancer’s abs. She spent most of that summer with her hair up in a scrunchie. 

Between Janet and Fiona sat Trevor, the charismatic, four-eyed English major who just walked into the community theater and announced he’d be playing a lead role, he didn’t care which one. Mexican by descent, able to play Italian or Native American or Greek, they made him an Irishman (go figure). He lifted weights and ran every morning, so naturally, Janet liked to put her hands on his chest between scenes during rehearsals, and Fiona liked to sit next to him when watching movies after rehearsals. Stacey usually sat near (or on) Danny. Samantha always liked to tag along, but no one was sure why. Everyone assumed at least one coupling had been consummated, but no one had even made out. 

So the order: Fiona (the Chinese nympho) with her hands on Trevor (the Mexican writer), followed by Janet (the waitress/dancer), Stacey (the brunette goddess), Danny (the blond man-mountain), Samantha (the blonde prude). Florescent street lights punctuated the shoreline all around the lake, but there were none near where the sextet sat in near pitch darkness. 

"A little lower," Stacey requested of Janet. "Use your thumbs on either side of my spine."

"Uhhhh, I needed this," Danny sighed in his deep bass. 

And that was the end of the discussion for the next half-hour. Everyone was busy rubbing. Because they liked each other, they wanted to help relieve the stress of the friend in front of them. But also, it’s uncool to not be able to give a massage, so they were showing off as well. Underneath the plutonic gestures, of course, there ran the secret passions of each of them, except maybe Samantha. Danny knew better than to try anything even remotely sexy on Sam, but it was hard with Stacey’s hands all over him, reminding him what he wanted. 

What no one knew, of course, was what went on between Trevor and Janet. As Fiona gave Trevor an expert rub -- she was not distracted by any hands on her body -- Trevor responded intensely to her touches, and he took it out on Janet. Trevor knew he was doing a great job on Janet, moving his hands over all the classic tension areas, which happened to be right next to the classic erogenous zones. He imagined Janet was perhaps getting turned on, but in fact, Janet had allowed herself to descend a bit deeper into the mood of the moment. After half-an-hour of massaging in silence, Janet recognized the beginnings of an orgasm welling up inside her. She gripped Stacey by her shoulders but did not rub (Stacey didn’t notice; she was focused on the massage she gave Danny). 

When it hit, Janet closed her eyes, clinched her jaw and held on tight. She managed to supress any noise -- she didn’t want to chance the slightest whisper carrying across the calm water -- but there was no way to stop the shiver of delight that shot through her body, beginning in her crotch and spreading out to the very tips of her toes. Never before had Janet come from anything other than direct genital stimulation. 

"You cold, Janet?" Trevor asked like an idiot, feeling her tremble in his hands. He didn’t even know what he’d just been responsible for. 

Janet swallowed hard. "Yeah, I’m starting to be." She stood up on shaky legs and tried to get some circulation back into her ass. She felt anything but cold. 

Samantha took her cue to stand up, as did Stacey. Thank you’s were distributed all around, along with a few hugs. Then they got back into the two cars that had brought them to the lake and went to the same place they’d spent every evening for the last five weeks, Danny’s appartment. 

Back at Danny’s, the cast members pretended nothing had happened at the lake, even though everyone felt a little sexier. Even Samantha seemed to be in a more spirited mood. Each found a place to sit in the living room, and someone turned on the TV. Janet went to the fridge for a drink, and when she found a Coke, she asked Danny if she could have it. When they found nothing on the television to watch, Danny turned it off and turned on the radio. 

They sat talking about nothing for about an hour. Trevor sat on the smaller couch with Fiona next to him. He didn’t really know her, only a casual acquaintance through Danny, and she sat at the far end of the small blue sofa, which wasn’t that far away from him. Danny sat on the big orange sofa, closest to the door, with Janet and Stacey on the other end; Danny had bought the threadbare couch because it was the only sofa in town that he could stretch out on without hanging off of it. Samantha sat on the floor in front of the television, shuffling a deck of cards in her hands. Someone had mentioned playing spades, but no one had gotten around to starting it.

Stacey laughed. The others turned to hear the joke, and saw Janet whispering in her ear. 

"Oh my god," Stacey said under her breath. Both girls laughed again at some private joke.

"Nope, it’s time to tell," Trevor interjected. "What’s the joke? Come on, spill." He leaned in and grabbed Janet’s ticklish knee, and Janet squealed. 

"God, not again!" Janet laughed. Both of the girls screamed with laughter at this. 

"Not again what?" Danny asked. He was leaning in, intrigued, as did the others.

Janet looked around the room, then at Stacey. They kept giggling, softly debating whether Janet should share the secret. As Janet chuckled and pondered, the other four looked at each other, asking themselves if anyone had a clue. 

Trevor finally reached for the knee again. "Janet, please, don’t make me tickle you to death."

"Trevor," Stacey asked with sudden seriousness, "are you trying to seduce Janet?"

Trevor’s eyes went wide. "What!?" 

Janet and Stacey broke into peels of laughter again, this time giggling so hard tears flowed, pressing their palms against their lips to keep the noise in. Now everyone else was giggling at the two girls and the fun they were having, even though no one knew the joke. 

Danny leaned forward and looked at Trevor. "Is there something we should know?" he asked. 

"Janet?" Trevor said, laughing nervously, hands open and questioning. 

After another full minute of the girls trying to control themselves, Stacey said, "Janet had an orgasm at the lake." Janet fell apart with screams and laughing, and Stacey followed. The rest hollered in shock. It took a minute for them to realize what they’d heard. 

Only Trevor had the presence of mind to ask. "You’re saying… you came?"

Janet nodded vigorously, with a grin that seemed to say, yeah, you’re busted.

Danny, always the clarifying agent, asked, "Hey Trev, weren’t you the one massaging Janet?" 

For the first time anyone could remember, Trevor was speechless. 

"Wow," Fiona uttered. Samantha sat silent, outside the group, with wide eyes and her mouth hanging open a little. 

"He just…" Janet started to say, not looking at Trevor. "He just massaged my neck, and then he --- I dunno, he blew in my ear a little. Some other stuff, I don’t remember." 

"Just now," Danny stated incredulously, "at the lake."

Janet nodded again, this time slowly. Her breaths were long and deliberate. 

"I need a drink," Stacey said. She stood and went to the fridge, taking out Danny’s vodka bottle.

"Let’s change the subject," Janet said good-naturedly.

Fiona asked, "How did you know?"

"I know," Janet answered with a shrug. She stole a glance at Trevor, and their eyes met. She tried to turn away, but she had a question to ask. "Did you do that on purpose?"

Now all eyes landed on Trevor, and his face turned red. It was his turn to giggle helplessly. 

"Oh fuck, you did, you bastard!" Stacey shouted. The room dissolved into hoots of approval and shock. Janet started laughing again, rocking back and forth. 

"That’s just…" Danny started, but words failed. "Wow. I mean, wow."

Trevor said, "What can I say." He’d tried to be casual about his statement, but there was no way to hide his embarrassment. Everyone groaned and shouted, "Come on!" Janet grabbed the hair on his leg and pulled. "Okay!" Trevor shouted. "I was TRYING for one, but I had no idea what I was doing. I didn’t know she really came!" 

The conversation slowly steered in the direction of each person’s orgasmic history, mostly at the gentle prodding of Trevor. The two boys played it cool, divulging just enough information to appear experienced without sounding too proud about it. The girls were even less forthcoming, although Stacey and Janet both had a few cryptic revelations to throw out there. Fiona said little but reacted to everything. Samantha tried to play along but had only a few morsels to contribute to the conversation. In any case, the tone was being set for a long evening of sex talk, at the very least. With everyone open to the conversation, and everyone except Trevor doing at least a few vodka shots to steel their nerves (Stacey had four, Trevor had one beer), the details flowed more freely.

"When was the last time you came?" Trevor asked Samantha bluntly at one point.

Samantha coughed indignantly. She did not seem amused, by the freeness of the group nor by life in general, and everyone felt slightly uncomfortable at the sight of her standoffishness. 

"Honestly, I don’t know if I ever have," Samantha said. She couldn’t bring herself to say "come." 

For a few moments the music system was the only sound. 

"Well, there’s only one thing to do now," Trevor said. "Truth or dare." 

"Ahhh, I don’t think so, Trev," Stacey said. 

"Oh come on, Stace," Fiona said, showing a bit of force for the first time. "You started this, you can’t stop now."

"Started what?" Stacey asked innocently.

Janet grabbed Stacey’s hand. "I think it will be fun. Let’s start with Trevor."

"Oh yeah??" Trevor exclaimed. He sighed deeply. "I guess that’s fair."

"You want to do this?" Fiona asked Danny. Trevor recognized a knowing quality in the look Fiona sent to Danny as she asked, and perhaps he knew her better than he let on. 

"Sure, sounds fun," Danny said. 

All five of them looked at Samantha on the floor. Stacey said, "Come on, sit in the chair," and she pointed at the swivel recliner by the door. Samantha, trying to be a team player, enthusiastically hopped up and sat in the chair. After that, all eyes were on Trevor. 

Janet leaned back in the sofa and pulled her legs up. "Trevor," she began. "Truth or dare?"

Trevor chuckled softly and said, "Truth."

Janet sighed hard, then asked, "Have you ever brought a girl to orgasm without… touching her… her pussy?"

This definitely caught Trevor off-guard, but he had to answer. He laughed and shook his head in reproach. The others teased him with an "Ooooooh" sound and waited for the answer. 

"No, I haven’t. You’re my first. Why, have YOU ever come that way before?"

Janet folded her arms. "Is that your question for me?"

"No, it’s not." Trevor rolled his eyes. He looked across the room at Samantha, over the rim of his glasses, and everyone turned to watch, smiling. 

"Samantha, truth or dare?" Trevor asked. 

Samantha shrugged. "Dare."

"Oh no," Danny joked, "you’re letting Trevor come up with a dare." The others laughed. 

"Alright, alright, dare," Trevor confirmed. He tapped his leg for a moment, then when he had an idea, he said, "Okay, I’ve got it. Samantha, you have to kiss the back of your hand for a full minute."

"Whaaaat?" Stacey asked, letting on how dumb she thought the idea was. But Samantha, happy to be given such an innocent task, began at once. She popped the back of her fist against her lips and pecked kisses repeatedly.

"Oh no," Trevor said to stop her, "not that kind of kiss. I mean open-mouthed." 

The request still sounded innocent, but something about the way Trevor said "open-mouthed" was dangerous. 

Smiling, Samantha said, "Oh no, you didn’t say that to begin with."

"Hey," Trevor said confidently, "you don’t have to play." Then he sat back and waited. 

Samantha rolled her eyes, but then she complied, moving her lips across her hand with mechanical speed, dragging the top lip up and down, making a puppy-dog sound. This continued for about twenty seconds, when Janet said, "You’ve got forty seconds left."

Samantha looked up from her labor to see the others, and this made her roll her eyes again. Her lips were moving slower now because they were getting tired, and she closed her eyes to keep from concentrating on what she was doing. Without really knowing how it began, Samantha started moving her lips very slowly across the flesh of her hand. Her head turned a few degrees with each kiss, then back the other way, always with her eyes closed. Her breathing was a little labored, and at one point she kissed up to her wrist. The other five kids watched her, fascinated, and everyone scrutenized for little details. Samantha’s tongue flicked against the hand a few times, and she was breathing hard. 

"Time," Janet said. 

"Excellent," Fiona said softly, and the others concurred. It had been fascinating to watch. Samantha went a bit back into her embarrassed mode, but the praise was something she responded to, even if she didn’t really know what the praise was for. Danny gave Trevor a look of respect, and Trevor humbly acknowledged it, silently so as not to embarrass Samantha any further.

"Okay, your turn," Stacey said to Samantha. 

Samantha said, "I choose Danny."

"Uh oh," Danny joked.

"Don’t worry," Samantha said in a mock-hurt voice. She turned to the group and asked, "Does it have to be about sex?"

Janet said, "No, it can be about anything."

"Okay," Samantha said. "Danny, how many girlfriends have you had?"

"Wait a minute," Danny interrupted, "you didn’t ask me if I wanted a truth or a dare." 

"Alright then, which?" Samantha threw her hands up, impatient.

Danny said, "I’ll take truth, I guess." The others laughed. 

Samantha sighed. "Well? How many girlfriends?"

"Hold on," Fiona said. "What do we mean by ‘girlfriends’?"

"Oooh, good point," Trevor said, sabotaging his friend a bit. 

"I say, tell us all the girls you ever dated," Stacey said. "Like, even one date."

Danny had to sit and add for a moment, putting his hand over his mouth and tapping a finger on his cheek. Finally he answered, "Okay. Fourteen." 

"Nice!" Trevor said, trying to be encouraging after the sabotage.

Janet said, "Not bad, not bad. You’re a player!" 

"And how did these dates end?" Samantha asked teasingly. The others reacted with surprise at her boldness, mostly because they thought of her as innocent, and mostly she was. It’s possible Samantha didn’t know how to verbally flirt like the others could, but at least she was trying. Danny just shrugged.

"Your turn, your turn to ask," Samantha said, patting Danny on the arm and letting him off the hook.

"Alright, I choose Fiona."

Watching Fiona’s physical reaction to this statement was a treat for Trevor. Her face lit up with the force of her smile, and she curled up in a ball on the sofa. "Okay okay," she chanted, then braced herself. "Dare."

Danny took a deep breath then said, "Go into my bathroom, take off your underwear, put your clothes back on, then bring the underwear back out here."

"Fuck!" Janet said. "Man, Danny!"

"Oh come on, Danny," Stacey scolded. 

Trevor went for a laugh by saying, "Hey, NOW we’re playing Truth or Dare!" Everyone did indeed laugh, but it also broke the tension down further, natural for any group playing serious Truth or Dare, even if they’re all nyphos. The other girls verbally pushed Fiona to take the dare, and finally Fiona stood smiling and left the room. She was only gone for about a minute, more than enough time for the snickers to vanish and the replacing silence to escalate to epic proportions (radio music notwithstanding). When she returned, she held a white cotton bra in one lifted hand and matching panties in the other. The room erputed in cheers and laughter. 

When the room was moderately recovered, Fiona shouted "I pick Stacey!" 

"Dare!" Stacey shouted, laughing. 

"Take off your underwear!" Fiona ordered, and the room collapsed in laughter. Everyone was falling out of their chairs. Stacey staggered laughing from the room, and while she was gone, the others chanted, "Strip! Strip! Strip! Strip!" The chant continued until Stacey returned with her black bra and panties swinging over her head. The others cheered. 

"Janet!" Stacey shouted, pointing at her. 

"Dare!" Janet shouted back, standing up in her excitement. Everyone was still laughing. 

"Take off your underwear!" Stacey shouted, and the laughs erputed anew. Janet sprinted from the room, grabbing Stacey by the hand as she went, and they both left the room together.
