 Straining her neck, Abby gasped for breath amid the thick hot air that surrounded us as she was wedged between two male bodies. Above her, her fiancé was planted in her ass, his balls pressed against her taint as he ground against her. Abby held herself up on her hands and knees while I lay beneath her, squeezing her boobs and sliding my body up, sinking my erection deep into her pussy as sweat leaked out all over me and mixed with the perspiration that was dripping from Abby. Her pale, lightly freckled flesh, coated entirely in sweat, gleamed in the dim light that came from her desk lamp beside the bed in her apartment as her green eyes fluttered from the mixed sensations she was experiencing. Our bodies were drenching the sheets underneath us, and the air in the room was well warmer than that with which I'm normally comfortable, but the sights, sounds and sensations of a double-penetration threesome always made me fail to notice any discomfort.

I had been fucking Abby, my employee, pretty regularly now for a while, about once or twice a week, since her fiancé and I teamed up on her that first time, an event followed quickly by a significant raise for my favorite young staff member and good friend. Whether or not her fiancé knew I was still banging his girl, I didn't know, but, being at least as perverted as I, he most likely didn't care, especially given that this night we were sharing her for now the third time.

In this moment, we were sandwiching Abby for only the second time, though. She'd taken the double penetration once before because she and her partner were looking for a raise from her boss, but she didn't take getting fucked in both holes simultaneously very well. Our second threesome consisted mostly of taking turns in Abby's tight, young twat with just a little split-roasting action at the end, which was fun, but a devil's threesome wasn't really worth it to me if there was no double penetration, an act so shamefully debauched and incredibly hot that it's what got me interested in group sex in the first place. At my insistence, she agreed to try it again this time.

Abby's fiancé ground on her ass for another minute there before he pulled back and started to thrust in and out of her while I continued to slowly but firmly thrust up into her pussy at the same time. Abby clutched the damp sheets beneath us and whined, straining her neck even more and clenching her teeth as we boys ravished her other end. Her light brown hair shook as she threw her head back. Again, it didn't look like she was able to relax or enjoy it, but my lust compelled me to continue.

As we progressed, Abby's fiancé and I worked on taking turns inside Abby. When I felt his cock slide back on the other side of Abby's taint, I sank balls-deep into her cunt, and he would do the same in her ass when I retracted on my side. Once he and I were sawing in and out of Abby steadily, she seemed a little less tense, but the situation eventually caused her fiancé and I to fuck her harder and faster as our excitement peaked. Holding tightly to Abby's shoulders, her fiancé powerfully pounded her ass while I gripped her waist and attempted to match that pace as I fucked Abby's pussy. The girl caught in between us screamed, somewhat in arousal perhaps, but mostly in agony, I'm sure, as we guys double-fucked her until we both intensely climaxed inside her. I couldn't help but moan loudly as I unloaded in Abby's pussy while her fiancé did the same in her ass. In my limited experience with group sex, it was the first time another guy and I came in the same girl at the same time.

After Abby's fiancé and I emptied our balls inside Abby's ass and pussy, the bitch collapsed between us, and we all attempted to catch our breath, Abby gasping the hardest. We disassembled, and Abby rolled onto her back, her breasts heaving as she was still a ways away from recovering from another intense session. As I gazed upon that beautiful young body, something told me that she wasn't going to allow us too many more opportunities to ravish her quite that outrageously.

Exploits like that one were good conversation for the locker room after my late-night pick-up ice hockey games on the weekends. However, I'd yet to say anything in there despite more than a year and a half of exceptionally hot tales to tell. While these guys always bragged about what girl they'd fucked and the accompanying circumstances, I never felt the need to prove anything to them. Beside, I figured they wouldn't believe me. Heck, I hardly believed me.

One week, though, one of the guys, Moe is his name, was talking about how he was going to bang some hot girl he'd hired at his job, and I just couldn't stay silent. One part of my story led to another, and I ended up telling them pretty much everything about Abby. It started by telling them how I'd nailed her in my office. Then I was questioned on her relationship status, so I explained that she had a fiancé. When I was asked if the fiancé knew, I told them that not only did he know but that he and I had double-penetrated the girl just a couple weeks ago and that it wasn't the first time.

One guy, Gus, immediately accused me of lying. Of course, I was asked for proof that I could not provide. Obviously I couldn't risk taking videos or photos that could put my job in jeopardy, so I insisted they'd just have to take my word. But then Jack, perhaps the dirtiest mind in that locker room, had an idea designed to keep me honest.

"Bring her next week," he suggested. "If it all goes well, we can take her back to my place for the night and see how she does in an airtight ski-poling." The rest of the guys buzzed at that idea and applied the pressure on me immediately to sacrifice my employee to them. To be completely honest, the thought was so hot that that lust demon within me consented to give it a try. I didn't feel pressured. I wanted it.

As soon as I left the rink, it dawned on me how crazy I was to go along with such a request. I knew Abby would never go for a gangbang with four guys she didn't know, and even if her fiancé were debased enough to make it happen, I still didn't have the nerve to even suggest it to him in order to find out. In fact, I was pretty sure Abby wouldn't even go for a threesome with anyone else beside her fiancé and me, although sharing her with just one of those hockey dudes would likely be enough to satisfy the dare. I didn't feel any need to prove anything to these guys, but the thought of trying an all-holes gangbang again, something I'd done once before and only briefly, had me insistent on pursuing it.

I couldn't even get myself to ask Abby just to come to the game. I certainly had the opportunity; in fact, I moved into my new apartment that week and broke it in by fucking Abby as she sat on the kitchen counter. When I neared my orgasm, pounding her as her legs were wrapped around my waist and her arms around my shoulders, the thought of having all her tight holes fucked at once while she stroked another two cocks had me on the verge of making the proposition. However, that thought also made me pull out and cum on her boobs, and upon completing my orgasm, I felt that determination pass. When it came down to it, I just couldn't let those dirty boys loose on Abby without her wanting it, at least not until she could sincerely enjoy just a two-man sandwich, anyway. Instead, I sent her home to her fiancé and wondered if I'd ever build the nerve to make the gangbang happen.

I ended up not even going to hockey that weekend. I just didn't want to deal with the guys and figured the idea would fizzle out, since, at this point, I'd made up my mind not to volunteer Abby. That following week, though, fate intervened.

"Dude, that chick is hot!" Moe said at the rink a week later after the other players had cleared, leaving just the five of us in the locker room. "You're her boss, huh?" Actually, I was not this girl's boss because the girl wasn't Abby, which I communicated to the group. I included, however, that I'd done all the same stuff with her.

"No fucking way," blurted Howard, the fourth guy in the group of perverts.

"It's true," I said, "and she's totally down to fuck."

"All of us?" asked Gus.

"All of us," I said, "at the same time."

Three days prior to this conversation, the buzzer in my new apartment rang, indicating that I had a visitor. When I looked through the peep hole, I was shocked to see my best friend Jessie on the other side of the door. Jessie, after all, was the one who got me started down this sinful path of depravity. She and I had done some pretty fun stuff together, and her adeptness with and appetite for sex set her far apart from the rest of my sexual partners, including Abby.

I let Jessie into my apartment and, without going into all the details, she explained to me that her marriage wasn't doing so well. I wasn't surprised, seeing how twice already her husband had agreed to invite me to join them in a threesome as an effort to add excitement to their lives - at least that's what Jessie had told me. I'm not sure how that idea works, but it would have been insanity for me to pass up the opportunity to fuck the girl of my obsession, so I had gone along with it. In addition to banging Jessie with her husband a couple times, there was the whole gangbang thing without her husband there a few months back, not to mention our long-overdue passionate lovemaking on that same night, which, while being a mistake, betrayed underlying issues with her marriage.

In short, Jessie, who lived out of town, came up north with her toddler son to stay with her parents, but her parents wouldn't let her stay for more than a couple days. They knew the right thing for Jessie to do was to be reconciled to her husband but agreed to babysit the kid while she stayed with a friend and figured out her way through this crisis. Her parents probably wouldn't be happy to know that their attempt to force Jessie to be faithful to her husband only set her up to have hot, illicit sex with another man.

I believed that Jessie did come over with the intention of strict friendship, but it was inevitable that we'd have sex. It was hot sex, too - probably the best normal sex I've ever had. It started innocently enough, with just the offer to let her use my shower as I waited for her in the living room. When I heard the clacking of high heel shoes on the hardwood floor, I knew something was up. Jessie emerged from the bathroom wearing only those heels and a towel, as her shoulder-length brown hair hung loose and damp and her teeth shown through in a wicked smile that always drove me wild.

Then the towel dropped, revealing Jessie's slender, slightly tanned body, and Jessie proceeded to blow me off in the living room before I took her to my bed, laid her on her back and fucked the shit out of her cunt until I came hard on her face. As those thick streams of semen plastered her cheeks, mouth and forehead, I thought about how I'd written off ever giving my favorite sex partner a facial again, seeing how our last tryst ended with an agreement to abstain from each other indefinitely. That agreement lasted about three months.

Over the next couple days, when I wasn't at work, Jessie and I fucked like animals as if to make up for the past 11 years of our friendship. We did it everywhere and on just about every piece of furniture that would support us. It was the best sex of our lives, but something was missing. I realized that my lust for Jessie had evolved. It wasn't enough just to fuck her. This bitch needed more than one cock. Instantly, I had an answer for two dilemmas at once.

Back to the ice rink, I didn't volunteer much information to the guys about Jessie and my history. All they needed to know was that, in my opinion, Jessie was hotter, more experienced and a better fuck than Abby and that Jessie's aptitude and enthusiasm when it came to sex meant she was the better candidate.

"Please tell me she's coming to my apartment tonight," said Jack.

"I wouldn't have brought her here if not," I said.

We all showered, cleaned up and packed up as we continued to talk about the hottie who had sat in silence as she watched our boring pickup game. Meanwhile, Jessie had been waiting in her car, so I called her to come out of the vehicle and meet the guys before we finalized the plans for tonight.

"Shiiiit," muttered Gus when the five of us approached the slender, 5'5" brunette who had stepped out of her car upon seeing our exiting the rink. She'd packed another outfit for later, but she looked awfully tasty enough in her flip flops, cut off denim shorts and light green spaghetti strap top, even with her hair pulled back.

"And she's pushed out a kid even," I added.

The guys were pretty speechless during the brief round of introductions. Undoubtedly we were all thinking about how we were going to defile this babe in just a little while. Jessie didn't have much dialogue to offer either yet, but she did say, "I won't remember all of your names, but that might just make it more fun," and then flashed that grin that always made me hard.

I rode with Jessie, who followed behind Jack as he transported the rest of the guys to his place. By now it was close to 1 am, but the night was still young as far as we were concerned on this occasion. It was about a 20-minute drive, even with no traffic, and it felt like an hour as my heart pounded with anticipation. I'd done some pretty depraved stuff - a lot of it with Jessie - and to the point where it didn't even twinge my shame or conscience anymore, but what we were planning for tonight really had my nerves going and my blood pumping. Just a couple years ago I would have never imagined participating in group sex of any kind, though it made sense that Jessie was the one who pulled me over that edge. Now that bar had been shattered. At first, I wasn't even sure I could carry out tonight's plan, but, again, I was confident that Jessie's sexiness would be enough to drive me on.

Jessie and I talked throughout the trip but not about what was to transpire or anything sexual at all, although sex had become a dominant part of our relationship now. It was normal conversation about friends, current events and things like that. It was when we pulled up to Jack's apartment that we both grew awkwardly silent. I don't think either of us knew if we were ready for this experience now that it was really happening, but who's to say that anyone in the other car felt prepared either?

I could sense Jessie's panic a bit, but she kept her peace. She was certainly agreeing to bite off an awful lot tonight, and, honestly, I wasn't even sure anyone short of a pornstar could handle it. However, my lust needed this gangbang to happen, so I didn't tell her anything she didn't need to hear and that wouldn't help with her panic. Beside, it was Jessie. I couldn't imagine her not handling it.

Jack's apartment was one of those upper-lower house deals. His place was the upper one. I was concerned that we wouldn't have the privacy we needed, since a six-member gangbang would certainly get kind of wild. However, Jack would later explain moments before the debauchery ensued that the tenant downstairs was some single middle-aged dude who'd actually been spending most of his weekends with some chick he'd picked up recently. He didn't appear to be home this weekend either. "He wouldn't care anyway," said Jack. "Hell, with a girl this hot, he'd probably join in."

Jessie was led into the bathroom as soon as we got upstairs. She carried in with her a large bag on a hanger that contained her other outfit. Jack, the most confident of the group, instructed his new acquaintance to join us in the living room when she was finished getting ready, reminding me of the first time I'd fucked Jessie when her husband and I waited for her. Jessie remained quiet and shyly smiled as she closed the bathroom door behind her.

Jack and I joined the three other young men in the living room. As I waited somewhat uncomfortably at first for Jessie to prepare herself, I surveyed the room. The floor was open and carpeted, which meant it would be more comfortable for sex, and the couch was big and sturdy, so it too would suffice, should any of the raunchy fun take place on that piece of furniture.

As like the ride over with Jessie, the topics of conversation had nothing to do with what everyone really wanted to talk about but was too nervous to say, which was ironic since these guys had sailors' mouths in the locker room. They knew now that talking the talk was way different than walking the walk, which we were all about to do in a few moments. Hockey, actually, was pretty much all we talked about. In fact, Howard was in the middle of explaining why the Tampa Bay Lightning were going to win the Stanley Cup next season when we heard high heels clack on the kitchen linoleum. Heaven help us, we hadn't even heard the bathroom door open because we were so into our sport - not into it enough, though, to keep the topic afloat once we realized our meat was ready.

Distracted no more, our eyes were magnetized to the doorway between the living room and the kitchen as the sound of Jessie's shoes grew louder for a few seconds before the babe was in full view of us five drooling men. I didn't even notice her outfit at first, initially being attracted to her pretty face as her makeup made her face glow, with help from the nervous smile. Also giving away her anxiety was the fact that she was even shaking a little, but I'm sure I was the only one who noticed. The rest of the guys were gawking at the slender figure in her sexy outfit, which soon arrested my attention as well.

Jessie's red six-inch high heels looked brand new, perhaps something she'd picked out just for the occasion. High heels had kind of become her trademark at this point when she and I had sex, as she knew that it turned me on when she was in the right shoes. Her toenails were bright red, matching her fingernails. Her sexy, slim legs went up into a short little black dress that hugged her hips and left most of her thighs exposed. The dress rode up to cup her boobs and hung from her shoulders by two thin straps. The front came down enough to show a good amount of cleavage, which Jessie somehow always managed to accentuate.

Topping off her appearance were a red bead necklace and bracelet that pulled her shoes together with the whole outfit. Possibly my favorite attribute of hers, though, was her hair, which hung down loose to her shoulders, slightly curled and curving around that pretty face. Those piercing brown eyes, a close second to her hair, scoped out the room as five other sets of eyes scoped out the erotic specimen before them.

"What are we waiting for?" Jessie said, breaking the silence with her shaking voice. I realized that no on really knew what to do. I don't think any of us had done anything quite this disgraceful before. I took the lead by beckoning Jessie to me. She anxiously strutted over, and I invited the other guys to come over as well to the open space in the middle of the room.

"I really like this dress," I said, "but I think it needs to come off." Then to the guys I said, "Let's help her with it."

Things began to take off there. Jessie laughed and squirmed as five sets of hands reached in and pulled at her tight dress and groped her skin. I strictly urged the guys to leave the shoes and jewelry on her before I started stripping Jessie by pulling one strap down her shoulder while someone else pulled the other strap away. Still another began to tug the dress down, revealing a lacy, padded black bra, which didn't stay on long. I clearly saw Moe unhook the garment and pull it off Jessie, leaving her boobs exposed as she cried out in surprise and then laughed. I helped pull the dress away from her tits and pushed it down to her ankles, then looking up just in time to see Gus grasp Jessie's thong with one strong hand and rip it right off her.
