 I waited in the hotel bar, full of anticipation. James would arrive any minute to whisk me into his room and spend the rest of the night paying attention to my every need. There was a tremendous chemistry between the two of us, and although we'd never gone out, we had sex every chance we could. When we were at university together, that was a lot, and it meant he became adept at identifying my desires, at knowing which gasp meant "go faster" and which one meant "slow down", when I wanted tenderness and when I wanted strength. Since then, however, we'd moved apart -- I went to London for my career, while his took him to Berlin -- and the occasions we were together were far fewer, and more precious.

He'd called me recently to let me know he'd be back for a few days. We made plans for his first evening back; his plane would have touched down a couple of hours previously, and here I was, waiting for him to get to his hotel. I'd spent all day unable to think of anything other than the evening, remembering previous trysts, and the way his skilful tongue could tease me to the edge, and wondering whether we'd have a slow few hours of passionate lovemaking, or if he'd wordlessly take me to his room, turn me round, bend me over, hitch up my skirt, and fuck me and fuck me and fuck me. 

As I shifted in my seat, I could feel how wet I had become. Crossing my legs sent pangs of desire shooting through my body. I didn't want to wait another second for him.

So where was he?

I checked my watch and saw, to my dismay, he was now half an hour late. I'd sent a text that had gone unanswered, and now I picked up my phone again and called him. 

"Hi, this is James, I'm not here at the moment, but if you leave a message..."

Had he forgotten? I felt sure he hadn't; I knew he loved our meetings as much as I did. Maybe his plane was late -- but how late? I needed a release. I needed him to walk into that bar now.

Somebody did walk in then, and I looked up quickly. It wasn't James -- my heart sank -- but I continued to watch the stranger. He was alone, and sat at the bar, ordering a drink. I watched his lips touch his glass and suddenly, my mind was filled with images of those same lips on my body, hesitant kisses becoming hungrier. His eyes scanned the room and met mine for a fleeting moment. I felt certain he must be able to tell how aroused I was. 

Still no James. Without thinking it through too much, I made a decision: I was going to fuck this stranger. My glass empty, I rose and headed over to the bar. I ordered a gin and tonic, then turned my head to smile.

"Do you mind if I sit here?" I asked. 

I saw his eyes flick quickly down my body. "Not at all," he responded. "I'd love some company."

"I'm Laura," I said.

"Will," he replied. He shook my hand formally; the touch of his skin made me crave his naked body against mine.

We chatted for several minutes. He was smart, engaging and funny. He told me he was in London for work, though he was normally based in Bristol, and he was having a drink after a long day. He was flirtatious, certainly, and I could tell from the way that he looked at me that he found me attractive, but I sensed that if I was to wait for him to make the first move, it would be another few hours before he would work up the courage -- and I didn't want to wait another few hours. I was going to have to take control.

As I crossed my legs, I allowed my skirt to ride up a little so the lace at the top of my stockings became visible. Will looked down, then away very quickly. I saw him bite his lip, holding back, but wanting to look again. He continued telling my about a film he'd seen on the weekend. While he was talking, I took his hand and placed it firmly on my knee. He stopped mid-sentence, startled, and looked at me. 

"Keep talking," I said.

He raised an eyebrow but he didn't remove his hand. He continued with his story, though a little less assuredly, as if he was having trouble concentrating. 

I leaned in closer to him. "Keep talking," I repeated, "but I want you to move your hand up my leg."

There was music on in the bar, and the hubbub of people talking, but all the same, he looked around the room to see if anybody had heard me. 

"Just do what I say," I told him. "I saw you looking at my stockings. I know you liked them. I know you want to fuck me. Do what I say and I might let you."

He slid his hand up my leg, pausing at my thigh and tracing where the lace of my stockings met my skin.

"You're beautiful," he murmured.

"I know," I told him. "I can tell by how hard you are."

It was true -- his trousers were doing little to conceal his erection, which had sprung up the second his hand had touched my stockinged leg.

"Find out how wet I am," I commanded.

He started breathing harder as he felt his way up. He reached my knickers, which were already soaked through, and he tried to stifle a moan of desire.

"Put a finger inside me."

I sat with my legs a little wider apart as he eased my knickers to one side. He drew a finger over my clit, making me shiver with desire, then, as I had instructed him, gently pushed it into my cunt.

"You are wet," he whispered.

I nodded. "Another finger. And fuck me with them."

He obeyed, two fingers now rhythmically pushing into me. It felt amazing; my whole body tingled.

My back was to the rest of the bar, and the barman was down the other end, so I was fairly sure nobody knew what was going on, but the knowledge that I was in a room with so many other people while a man I just met played with my pussy was making me even more turned on. Will started thrusting harder. I gripped the edge of the bar with my left hand.

"Can I play with your clit too?" he asked quietly.

"Mmm," I consented. "Make me come and maybe I'll reward you afterwards."

Still fucking me with his fingers, his thumb flicked over my clit. My body responded instantly, and I rocked gently forwards, encouraging him to go deeper. I was already incredibly aroused, and the twin sensations of his fingers inside me and his thumb massaging my clit brought me quickly to the edge of orgasm.

"Harder. Harder. Yes. Yes."

An orgasm rippled through me, wave after wave of pleasure spreading through my entire body. It was extremely difficult to avoid making any noise, let alone the screams of ecstasy I wanted to. I clenched my jaw and shut my eyes as I felt myself spasm around Will's fingers. 

When I opened them again, I saw was how much Will's cock was straining at his trousers. I wanted to unzip his flies and use his cock right there, but that was a bit much, even for me. 

"What's your room number?" I asked.

"348."

"Take me there."

I followed him to the lift. When the doors closed behind us, he moved to embrace me.

"Wait," I said. "I haven't told you to kiss me yet."

I saw the disappointment in his eyes. "You can still taste me, though. Lick your fingers."

He smiled as he raised his fingers, still slick with my wetness, to his lips, and sucked them clean. The lift reached his floor, and he led me to his room. He fumbled with the keycard and opened the door.

"Now kiss me," I told him, and he eagerly obeyed, pulling me towards him, his lips finding mine. I could feel the heat of his erection against me, reminding me of my need to be fucked.

"Take off your clothes," I ordered.

He did as I said, hesitating once he had stripped to his boxers. 

"All of your clothes. Show me how much you want me," I said.

I could tell that my control was driving him wild with lust, so he obeyed my command. I appraised him, taking in his smooth chest, his toned body and his magnificent cock.

"You want me a lot, don't you?" I asked. I stepped towards him and grabbed his cock. "Don't you?"

"Yes," he managed to respond. "I do. I want you."

"Good." I went to my bag, which I had left on the bed, and pulled out a condom. "Get ready to fuck me."

I handed it to him, then took off my clothes so I stood before him in just my underwear and stockings. 

"I'll leave the stockings on. You'd like that, wouldn't you?"

He nodded, transfixed. I removed my bra and knickers.

"Do you like my body?" I asked.

"Yes," he affirmed eagerly. "Your breasts are wonderful."

"Kiss them," I ordered. He came towards me and bent his head, kissing my breasts, then flicking his tongue over my nipples so that they stiffened in his mouth.

"Enough."

I lay on the bed, my legs spread apart with my wet cunt on display. "Now fuck me."

He didn't need telling twice. He pushed his rock hard cock inside me. I felt him filling me, my cunt tight around him. He moaned.

"How does that feel?" I asked.

"It feels...oh god, it feels amazing. You feel amazing."

He started thrusting into me, each stroke deepening my sense of arousal. He kissed my face and my neck, his hands cupping my breasts and moving down to my hips.

"Go faster," I gasped. "I want you to fuck me hard."

He obeyed, thrusting faster and deeper so that I could feel his balls slapping against me. He gripped my hips, pulling himself into me. I could see from his face that his pleasure equalled mine.

At that moment, my phone rang.

I reached into my bag and saw it was James. Will stopped. 

"Did I tell you to stop? Keep going," I hissed, then answered the phone.

"Hello," I said.

"Laura? I'm so sorry...it's been a nightmare...the plane was late, then my phone was out of battery so I couldn't call you! I'm at the hotel now though. I suppose you must have gone home."

"No," I said. "I'm still at the hotel."

I wondered whether James could hear the rhythmic squeak of the bed, or the shallowness of my breath.

"Really?" James responded. "I couldn't see you in the bar."

"I'm not in the bar."

"Where are you then?"

"Room 348."

"Room 348? Why did you get a room? I already have one. I'm in 511. Why don't you come here now?" His voice lowered. "I've been thinking all day about what I want to do to you."

"No," I said. "I think you should come here. You'll enjoy it."

There was a slight pause. "This sounds interesting. I'll be there soon."

I hung up. 

"I'm going to come," Will gasped.

Immediately, I sat up and gently pushed him away.

"No, you're not. I haven't said you can come yet," I told him.

He looked abashed. 

"Go put the door on the latch," I ordered. 

He did as I said. "Are we having company?" he asked.

"Don't ask questions. Just do what I tell you."

I sat on the edge of the bed, my legs wide open. 

"You fuck well," I told him. "Now show me if you're good at eating pussy. Kneel down."

He knelt between my legs and put his mouth to my clit. The feeling of his warm tongue circling my clit was indescribably hot. He started slowly, gently lapping up the juices of my well-fucked cunt, then gathered momentum, licking my clit rhythmically so that a warmth started to spread through my body. I put my hand on the back of his head and pushed him harder onto me.

"Yes. Yes. Keep going. More. Harder," I told him. "I want to come again."

His moaned assent sent vibrations through my clit.

"And finger fuck me again," I added. 

He obeyed, his fingers once more sliding in and out of my dripping pussy. 

"I bet you wish you could fuck me again," I said. "I bet you wish that was your cock buried deep inside me."

I loved how it felt to have somebody in my control. I was confident that Will would do whatever I asked of him, even if I didn't allow him release. The knowledge of my power turned me on, and the feeling of Will's tongue on my clit brought me to new levels of ecstasy.

I felt him add a third finger, vigorously driving into me. The extra girth was enough to propel me right to the edge of orgasm.

There was a knock on the door. James stood in the door way, his curious expression giving way to one of amazement. His eyes on me, I felt myself start to come.

"Oh god, god, god...yes...YES..."

Intense pleasure ripped through me. Each time my orgasm started to fade, a thrust from Will's fingers renewed its vigour, leaving me moaning on the bed as the sensation gripped my entire body.

Eventually, I allowed Will to lift his head and stood up. James entered and shut the door behind him. 

"Hello, James," I said. 

I walked to him and pulled him into a passionate kiss, my naked body pressed against him. He kissed back, grabbing my arse, pulling me closer. 

When the kiss ended, I turned and gestured to Will. "James, this is Will. He's been keeping me company in your absence. Will, James is an old friend." I started to unbutton James' shirt. "A very good friend."

I undressed James, who was clearly as turned on by the proceedings as I had expected. 

"Will, watch this," I commanded, then knelt in front of James. I took his hard cock in my hand. There was a bead of precum at the tip; I licked it off. James moaned with pleasure, and Will gasped with frustration. I loved the effect I was having on both of them.

"You can touch yourself, Will. But don't come," I said. 

I licked from the base of James' shaft to the head, then wet my lips and took his cock in my mouth. I moved back and forth, taking it all in, and cupped his balls in my hand, giving them a gentle squeeze. James stiffened more and started thrusting into my mouth.

I pulled away momentarily. "Don't I give good head, James?"

"You do," he confirmed. 

"Tell Will," I said, resuming my position, my tongue sliding along his length.

"She does. She gives the best head I've ever had," I heard James say. 

I spent a minute more lavishing attention on James' cock, before pulling away again. I heard James give a small sigh of disappointment.

"Are you jealous, Will?" I asked.

He nodded in response to my question, adding, "It looks like you suck cock really well."

"I do," I said. "I'll show you."

I stood up and walked to the bed, kneeling on it. "Stand in front of me."

Will obeyed, and I kissed his chest, running my hands over it and tweaking one of his nipples. 

"James," I called. "I want you to fuck me while I show Will how I suck cock. Get a condom, then come fuck me from behind."

I shifted onto my hands and knees so my face was level with Will's cock. I circled the head with my tongue, which seemed to be exactly what Will had been waiting for all evening. He cried out as I took the length of him in my mouth.

I felt James get onto the bed behind me. He slid a finger into me.

"You're so wet, Laura," he said approvingly. Moments later, I felt his cock enter me.

James pumped into my eager cunt, while Will thrust desperately into my mouth. It was magical to feel myself between two hard cocks, both being satisfied by my body. As they started to enter a rhythm, I felt elated, enjoying their attention. James' hands gripped my hips, pulling me onto him, and Will gasped each time my mouth encircled the head of his cock. 

"Oh god...Laura...can I come?"

I looked up at Will, my mouth still around him. 

"Please?"

I nodded.

He sighed with relief, then started thrusting harder. On the third stroke, he came, his spunk flowing into my mouth. I swallowed, and licked his cock clean as he shuddered with pleasure.

Meanwhile, James was also reaching his peak. "Fuck, yes, Laura," he breathed. "I love how you feel around my cock."

"I love how your cock feels inside me," I answered. "Now show Will how hard you can fuck!"

With that, James started hammering into me, his cock going deep into my cunt. I started crying out from the pleasure.

"Fuck yes, James!" I cried. "Come inside me!"

James fucked me even harder, and with one final thrust, he groaned and shivered from the intensity of his orgasm. 

We drew apart. I caught Will's eye and smiled. "Thank you, Will. I enjoyed using you."

I stood up and started dressing. "We'll let you have the rest of the evening to yourself, Will" I said. "James and I have some catching up to do."

With that, James and I departed for room 511, leaving Will not quite knowing what had just happened to him.