 Ever since my hockey team and I gangbanged my friend Jessie a few years back, the fate of our squad seemed inexplicably tied to the sexy woman, who was also my long-time obsession. Despite her marriage, Jessie and I had been hooking up for more than five years now when she was in town. Not only was her husband aware -- most of the time -- but often joined me in the act of having sex with his wife. What I'm not sure of is whether or not he was privy to was the fact that two times Jessie had been group-fucked by my hockey team.

After the first session, which occurred late one Saturday night in my buddy's apartment, our team had an unprecedented season. Throughout most of it, Jessie found reasons to visit home, and I found time to stuff her hot body. Sometimes it was with her husband's help, sometimes it was with the assistance of one of my teammates and often it was just she and I. 

Then came a long stretch where Jessie wasn't around, and the wins were becoming fewer for the team. Call it a coincidence, but the squad couldn't seem to find the right chemistry if our mascot (as we had come to call Jessie) wasn't around. It was then, before a critical do-or-die game that Jessie consented to let as many of us as were willing gangbang her in the locker room, using her thin, 5'5" frame in just about every way imaginable before covering it with cum. We ended up winning the game in a blowout. However, Jessie went home, and what shortly followed was a humiliating first-round loss.

The year following was a very eventful one on both fronts. The team got off to a good start, and Jessie came back to our hometown indefinitely. She never shared the details, but she and the husband were going through some type of temporary separation. Despite getting her own place, she spent a lot of time at mine, where I spent a lot of time inside her pussy, making up for all the sex we wish we had had together in college.

Coincidence, superstition or otherwise, the team finished first in the division and marched all the way to the championship. Jessie was in attendance for all our playoff games and had no shame in dressing very provocatively while remaining suitable for public. She knew how to use make up, high heels and blouses to that end. Her presence in the stands was the extra motivation the team needed in those important games, as the gorgeous girl had offerred to sacrifice herself for a little celebratory pleasure if we captured the cup.

Jessie was as committed to the cause as anyone. In addition to the previous offer, she promised anyone who scored a hat trick that she would go home with them that night. Two club records were set that post season for hat tricks: most total in one playoff year (nine in just 16 games) and most different players to score a hat trick (seven). Five of those seven guys took Jessie up on it. Once, I was one of two guys to score three times in one night, so we two guys had a fun time double-teaming Jessie into the next morning. Jessie had even agreed to let us film it and play the video to the rest of the team as long as we didn't upload it online. Also, so as to not leave the goalie out, she promised to sleep with him if he got a shut out. He had three that postseason, a club record. Once a shutout coincided with a hat trick, and the following day we got to enjoy a hot video of Jessie's taking two cocks again.

All of this to say that the girl who had been my dear, innocent friend in college had now made the complete transformation to personal slut, while remaining my dear friend of course. Jessie insisted that all the sex with these different men empowered her, and nothing turned her on more than wielding this kind of influence over a dozen or so athletic young men. The more she gave in to her sexuality, the hotter she became in my esteem.

Then came the championship series. We entered the best-of-seven on an 8-1 clip for the right to take on the top team in the league. We were optimistic that we would take care of business, but we ended up losing the first two games. Ever committed to our plight, Jessie thought changing her hair color from its natural brunette to bright blonde would result in a change of fortune. Call me crazy, but it worked! We won game three by a 4-0 score. That was the night our goalie and another guy got to share Jessie in bed, and at practice the next afternoon, Jessie sat with 10 or so of us in the locker room to watch the tape of our now-blonde goddess getting split-roasted and double-penetrated like the best possible kind of slut she had become.

We rolled off two more wins before dropping a third to force a deciding game. That game went to overtime tied 2-2. Jessie was in her usual seat right across from our bench and looking as desireable as ever, her straight blonde hair coming over her shoulders, a tight red sweater that was low enough to show the top portion of her boobs, a short jean skirt that scarcely covered her slender legs and black open-toe high heels. She wanted to make sure we remembered there was more than one trophy waiting for us if we got that last goal.

I'm proud to say that with my one chance in overtime with the puck on my stick, I sent it over the goalie's glove, and the season was over. At first, I was excited only for our team's finally winning the league title after so many frustrating seasons. Then my eye caught a glimpse of Jessie, who had taken her sweater off in celebration and as a sign of her promise. Her bra remained on, barely containing her breasts that would in short time be exposed completely and fondled by at least a dozen men. It wasn't long before staff made her put her shirt back on, but she had made her point.

That night it was just Jessie and I at my house. As the captain of the team, I got to bring the trophy home. Oh, and the championship trophy too. It was no Stanley Cup, but it was still cool. Jessie suggested a photoshoot with it while she wore some lingerie or nothing at all, and we finished the night by fucking like animals.

The next morning, after having sex again on the kitchen table, we began to make plans for the gangbang. Everyone had cleared his schedule for the next weekend, so we planned a celebratory party right at my house that would start innocently enough in the afternoon and end, after anyone with significant others left, with debauchery in my bedroom. The literal trophy, of course, would be on hand the whole time, and at least one camera would he running.

Jessie spent Friday night at my place too. We didn't have sex so as to save up our sexual energy for the following night. We spent Saturday getting set up for the party, and then Jessie hid in the bedroom for the first hour or two after guests began to arrive. Just after dinner, she made her appearance--and what an appearance it was.

Stepping out the back door of my house, Jessie hoisted the championship trophy over her head and strutted to the center of the back deck. Jessie's blonde hair shone just as brilliantly as the silver cup, and the woman's slender body drew more cheers than the chalice. Her slightly tanned flesh was almost on full display as she wore only a black bikini and the same high heels she had worn at that clinching game. Jessie smiled from ear to ear as 20-plus men gawked at her at rooted her on. No doubt the noise had drawn the attention of the neighbors as well.

For the next few hours, Jessie was the keeper of the cup, and neither she nor the trophy was ever left alone. Jessie's friendly personality joined with the girl's killer body and unbelievable sexual appetite had caused most of our team to be very comfortable conversing and flirting with her. Jessie didn't mind the steady stream of attention either. She craved it. These past few weeks, she had been in her glory, and it was all about to culminate tonight.

People came and went. Everyone got his picture with the trophy, and most of the single guys, anyway, included Jessie in that picture. The reserved, cautious married woman had all but thrown caution to the wind lately and was truly embracing her role as this team's puck bunny slut.

The party kept going on the deck past midnight. At last, I called it around 12:30, declaring the formal festivity complete. It was quite early for a party like this one to end at that time, but everyone knew the real party had yet to begin. Everyone was invited to this party, but not everyone accepted the invitation, understandably. 

Once we had cleaned up a little and the people who had turned down the invite had left, Jessie went to the bathroom just to touch up. She already looked fantastic, so there was no need to change her outfit or anything. Of the team of 25, 16 of us were still there -- a surprisingly high amount. I wondered how many of those guys had just recently freed themselves from an unfulfilling relationship for a chance to be a part of this might. I also wondered how Jessie was going to satisfy such a ridiculous number of men, but if anyone could do it, it was she.

Jessie didn't even know how many of us were waiting for her until she came out of the bathroom. I could see the shock on her face right away, which was then quickly mask by that confident, sexy grin. "Looks like I'm the real winner here," she said seductively.

There wasn't room in my bedroom for all of us, so we let Jessie go in and then we boys kind of lined up. Several of us were around the bed, and the others just piled up through the door and out into the hall. Next, one of the guys set up a camera at the side of the bed, generating some hoots and hollers from the team.

"This has to go in our championship video!" one of us shouted. The rest of us cheered. Once the camera was ready to go, it was pointed at Jessie, who kneeled on the bed and grinned at the device just as the record button was pressed. On cue, a clamor rose from the guys in the hallway as they passed trophy down the line until it came to me. I triumphantly lifted it up in front of the camera as everyone cheered and then I placed it on the nightstand beside Jessie so that it would remain in frame.

"Now it's time to pay up, love," I said to my gorgeous friend who smiled back at me, a clear mix of nerves and excitement on her face. Still on her knees, Jessie cut to chase and removed the top of her bikini, revealing her breasts to the delight of the raucous crowd. She tossed the garment over her shoulder, and it landed on the base of the cup beside her. Next, she removed the bottom of her swimsuit, careful to leave her high heels on, which were always a requirement, and then that garment soon joined the other one by the trophy.

Now the only thing on Jessie's body was her shoes, and anklet and a necklace. Nothing was preventing us from having our way with her. We had an arrangement to follow, though. Of the 16 guys, five of them were less than thrilled by the idea of ganging up on a girl at once and more interested in simply banging Jessie. Normally, we would tell them tough luck, but hell, we were all in a good mood from winning the league and also from all the sex we had had with Jessie over the past few weeks. We decided to let the more reserved guys have their solo run with Jess as long as they made it quick and didn't interfere with the following group sex.

Those guys held up their end of the bargain. One by one, they joined Jessie on the bed and were cheered on as each took the blonde goddess in whatever position he chose and fucked the hell out of her until he came inside her pussy. Each time one of them added a load to Jessie's temple, we gave a loud cheer and then waited for the next guy to arrange Jessie's limbs however he pleased and then insert himself into the babe while she cursed and moaned.

One by one, those five men pounded Jessie in front of their teammates, each one hammering the sexy lady to his heart's content while his teammates cheered him on. Jessie, ever the entertainer, took the sequential fucking expertly, writhing and moaning for each assailant, posing sexily for the camera so well that it was like she had been a proffesional pornstar for years. Then, once Jessie had those five loads in her pussy, those men were sent out of the room to make room for those of us who were really going to ravish the young lady.

Eleven of us surrounded the bed, and Jessie couldn't have looked more excited, even as cum was already leaking out of her. As her best friend, I was beckoned first by Jessie to join her on the bed. Jessie and I shared a brief kiss, those deep, brown eyes freezing my soul for a moment as Jessie guided me onto my back. My buddies cheered as Jessie first sucked my cock, slurping up and down the whole length until she was ready to mount me. She straddled me and had the tip of my penis inside her cum-soaked pussy in an instant, but before I was halfway inside her, another guy had joined us in the bed and was lining himself up behind the goddess.

The crowd got silent for a minute, watching on excitedly as two cocks sank into the hot bitch, mine in her pussy, and the other in her ass. Once we were both fully inside her, the rest of the boys went wild, and the other guy and I went right to work double-penetrating Jess like I had done many times before. No matter how frequent an occurrence it was, however, it never ceased to feel surreal.

As soon as I felt that other hard clock pushing up into Jessie's ass, it took me back to the first time Jessie's husband and I double-penetrated her almost five years ago. As my friend's ass filled up, I could feel that already tight pussy constrict even more around my cock until my teammate was balls-deep with me inside the same hot girl. Jessie first gasped, like she always does when she's initially double-stuffed, and then looked down at me with those pretty brown eyes and that half-wicked, half-sweet smile. Then we made out as the other guy and I began to saw in and out of her.

Wrapping my arms around her back, I held Jessie against me, her boobs pressed against my chest as I fucked her pussy slowly at first but faster and faster as we all grew more comfortable. My teammate alternated going in and out of her with me, plowing her ass as he held onto her hips. Jessie was moaning in my ear as our other teammates hooted and cheered all around us, getting it all on film. The other guy and I worked up to a faster pace and then faster still until we were masterfully and ravishly pummelling her holes while Jessie moaned like a whore between us.

Jessie and I were sweaty messes after just a few minutes of intense DP fucking. Before long, I was thinking it was time to pull out, let someone else have a turn and save myself for another run at her later. Just before I was going to slow down, I realized with all that would be going on for the next couple hours, undoubtedly, I would have no trouble getting back up later. With that thought, I just kept hammering Jessie's pussy while my buddy fucked her ass in unison until we were both cumming inside Jessie.

We men moaned loudly as we simultaneously emptied our balls inside the hot blonde between us, who also cried out in amusement and even laughed a little as she felt our cum fill both her holes. My buddy and I finally went still, remaining deep inside Jessie as we finished in her, all to the delight of our onlookers. Once we were done unloading, we pulled out, cum inevitably leaking out of Jessie's holes and getting everywhere. That's a small price to pay when everyone is having this much fun.

Jessie rolled over on the bed, appearing uncharacteristically tired. Then she suddenly got to her knees and beckoned the next group of men to join her. "Not bad," she said to me, "but it's going to take more than two cocks to subdue me!"

"Oh yeah?" I replied. "Give her five, guys!" I ordered. Two men had already approached the bed. With my words, three more followed suit. Jessie, undaunted, grinned wickedly from ear to ear.

"Think you can handle five at once, baby girl?" one of the guys said.

"Please," Jessie said as she repositioned herself while the boys surrounded her. "I have three holes and two hands for a reason. That's barely a challenge." I knew she was just begging for more depraved shit to be done to her before the party was over. We would be sure to make it happen.

Next, Jessie was straddling one guy while another set up behind her ass and another stood by her mouth. Once those three cocks had slid into her, the other two stood on either side of her and helped her hands onto their cocks. "Make sure you stroke us good, bitch," one of them said. Jessie smiled as much as she could with a thick cock all the way back to her throat and seemingly effortlessly beat both of those men off while the three other guys began to go in and out of all her holes at once.

We in the crowd cheered louder and louder the faster the boys fucked Jessie airtight like that. She never did slow down stroking off the other two cocks, which was very impressive but really no surprise for a sex goddess like Jessie. The sexy woman was inundated with male flesh and moans of pleasure while the bed creaked wildly beneath them, all as six other sets of eyes and one camera looked on. The guys on the bed paid little regard to synching up like we had before, instead simply pounding all three of Jessie's tight, amazing holes relentlessly and mercilessly like the whore she wanted to be treated as.

The guy in her ass came first, evidenced by his grunting and coming to a stop. Everyone else continued as if nothing had happened while that guy was replaced by two -- yes, two -- others. "How's this for a challenge, slut?" one of them said as he began to cram his dick into her pussy, well aware that it was already stuffed. The guy who had been there first came to a stop, while Jessie screamed but still admirably continued to suck off the other guy while administering two handjobs. The new cock pushed almost halfway inside Jessie's pussy, and then the second newcomer straddled over the mass of humanity beneath him and poked his hard cock into Jessie's cum-soaked asshole.

Jessie said something, but she was completely muffled by the dick fucking her throat. She looked like a hot mess, her hair no longer so neatly done, her face red and her slender body covered in sweat. Three men were now fucking just two holes at her back end while she managed the same number of cocks in front of her. I knew Jessie had very limited experience with triple penetration and I could only imagine she was overwhelmed and in some pain. However, she would never show it or admit to it. Instead, she went on to satisfy those six cocks all at once in a way only a true sex goddess could.

There was by far more male flesh than female flesh on display in that moment, but the bit of Jessie that was visible was enough to make for one of the most arousing spectacles this heterosexual had ever seen. The men were all straining and grunting as they fought for precious space around and inside our personal formerly-brunette, now-blonde pornstar. The math didn't work, but those cocks continued to plunge in and out of Jessie's ass and pussy while my best friend continued to satisfactorily pleasure three more knobs with her mouth and hands.

At last, the second guy in Jessie's pussy pulled away just in time for the other guy to cum inside her, adding a seventh load in there. Then he and the guy in her ass, without cumming, pulled out, and the three guys in front of her took the opportunity to position themselves at Jessie's other end. Before doing anything else, though, they flipped her onto her back and then shortly thereafter sandwiched her with one guy beneath her in her ass and the other climbing on top of her and stuffing her pussy, forcing those hot legs and sexy shoes straight up into the air. Before those two got to it, the third guy found enough space to shove his long dick into Jessie's pussy, joining his teammate who was already there and giving Jessie a second straight run of triple penetration. 
