 Dear Readers,

This is a story about an MFF interracial three-some with a D/s theme, but I thought it fit best in the group sex category. A fellow Literotican told me a bit about herself and asked me to write a story about her, and include her "auntie" Mischelle. I was a bit out of my comfort zone, being asked to write about a submissive female, since I'm personally into femdom and dominating men. My good friend aussie_101 suggested writing from the man's POV, which is something I'd never tried before... So I put on my strap-on and got to it! I guess the only difference between a Domme and a Dom is that one of them has a cock that never goes limp ;) I hope that you like it! Please let me know what you think ~ be kind :D

Thanks aus!

Brooke - hope it turns you on, babe!

honey28

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Want to buy my next drink, baby?"

In the pleasant haze of a man who wasn't keeping track of how many beers had come his way, I turned my head towards the sultry voice, though I barely gave the woman a glance before catching the bartender's attention. I was feeling very agreeable, so I had decided to oblige her request regardless of whether she was a knock-out or a dog.

I barely listened while she ordered. I was too busy staring at the very large set of tits nearly busting out of her top in an impressive display of cleavage. Once she had her drink in hand, she turned to face me, glass raised, and thanked me for the cocktail. I nodded, tapped my bottle gently against her glass, then watched her drink approach her full lips as I took a swallow of my own.

Though she wasn't exactly my "type" - she was a little older than me, I'm 33, and I like them younger - I couldn't help imagining those lips wrapped around my cock. Her brown eyes took their time roving over my 6'3" frame, and the tip of her tongue touched the bottoms of her upper teeth thoughtfully when her gaze settled below my belt. I thought perhaps she was thinking the same thing as me, and knew for sure when she grinned wickedly as her eyes met mine.

"I'm Mischelle."

I returned her smile, regaining control of my senses now that I was engaging in conversation. "Mason."

"Mmm," she purred, running a hand across my right sleeve and giving my bicep a squeeze. "Strong name for a big, strong man."

I couldn't help chuckling at the overt come-on. "What brings a beautiful lady such as yourself into a dive like this on a Friday night?"

She affected a pout. "My man had to leave town for the weekend, left me all alone. I'm just looking for a little fun."

"I see." I turned to face away from the bar, leaning back and resting my elbows on the high counter as I scanned the crowd.

"What is it you're looking for tonight, Mason?" Her seductive voice was so near my ear, I nearly jumped in surprise.

I turned my face toward her, considering. She seemed like the kind of woman who wouldn't be bull-shitted, so I thought I'd be honest. She was a lioness on the prowl, and perhaps we had something in common. 

Also, alcohol loosens the tongue, as you well know.

"Well, I was just looking to knock a few back and forget about the week's troubles," I began. I hadn't come to the bar that night looking for women, I just didn't want to drink alone at home.

"Female troubles?"

"In part." I paused. "You are a gorgeous woman, Mischelle, but not exactly what I'm looking for." Before she could take offense, I continued. "I try not to mess around with other men's women. And I don't usually go for the aggressive type."

She narrowed her eyes at me, and I swear to God they held a wicked spark when her lips curled up in a small, knowing smirk. It takes one to know one. "I bet you're quite a predator, aren't you, Mason? I bet you like to stalk some young, submissive bitches, too young to know what they want, young and eager to please."

I flashed her a wide smile. "Guilty as charged, baby."

Her laugh was low and throaty. She reached up to run her red fingernails through my short dirty blond hair, which I usually keep in a carefully arranged state of disarray. "I bet you have no problem luring them back to your place, huh?"

"I do alright."

She rolled her eyes and sipped her cocktail.

"It's challenging to find women who are really into it, though."

"Into what?"

"Submitting."

She nodded thoughtfully. In the brief silence that followed, I thought back to the last girl I slept with. A college student, shy, pretty face, a little chubby. I had been optimistic, figuring her insecurities would have her playing right into my fantasy. Getting her clothes off was easy, and when I told her to kneel, she quickly complied. She made short work of freeing my cock and wrapping her little rosebud lips around it. But the second I grabbed the back of her head and tried to take control, she slapped my hand away and let my dick slip out of her frowning mouth, scolding me. The sex was alright, but not what I had been hoping for.

I was having a hard time finding a female as submissive as I wanted, and I had been toying with the idea of putting up an online profile. I wasn't looking for any crazy shit, just someone who wanted to give over control, be used. Then, there was Mischelle, standing right next to Opportunity as It knocked on my door.

"I think I might be able to help you out."

Mischelle slid onto the barstool next to me and pulled out her cell phone. I turned to face the bar. We were so close I could smell her perfume.

"You smell nice," I murmured as I watched her manicured finger swipe across the screen, quickly going through photos.

"I know," she smiled. "There she is!" 

She held her phone out to show me a picture of a young black woman in a sexy bathing suit that left little to the imagination. As I stared at all that beautiful brown flesh on display, I asked who she was.

"My best friend's daughter." She flicked through a couple of pictures to one of the girl with her mouth wide open, tongue out to show a stud piercing. She clearly had no bra on beneath her sheer top. "My boyfriend says she's a real good cock sucker. Look at that mouth, she can really swallow a cock."

I knew that I stared at her with a shocked expression. This woman was full of surprises. "Your boyfriend?"

She set her phone down and took a liesurely sip from her glass, keeping me in suspense, obviously enjoying the power she held over me. Much the same way I enjoyed being in control. Sex with this woman would be intense, both of us trying to gain the upper hand. Maybe some day I'd have to give it a try, but for now I was more interested in this little slut she was talking about.

"Last month, Brooke forgot her purse at my place, and before she realized and came back for it I had taken a peek. I'm a nosy bitch," she laughed. "I found drugs in her bag, and she begged me not to tell her mom, said she'd do anything." Our eyes locked, and she smiled. "Auntie Mischelle is a nasty bitch, too. I had her do all kinds of things, and she loved every fucking second of it. She told me she loves feeling like she's being forced to do kinky shit."

My cock was stirring, just thinking of all the things I could do with this girl. Mischelle looked at me like she could see the gears turning.

"It looks like I'm going to get you back to my place after all, handsome."

I smiled and drained my beer while she texted Brooke to see if she could come to Mischelle's place that night. I hit the men's room to take a leak, closed my tab and followed Mischelle outside to her car, watching her wide ass sway enticingly as she walked. I lived around the corner from the bar, so I had walked over.

Her house wasn't far, and soon I was sitting on her couch, waiting. 

"Brooke should be here any minute," she called from her bedroom. She had gone to get changed.

When the doorbell rang, I started to get up, until Mischelle told me to sit back down when she appeared in the hall. I watched as she sashayed to the front door, red strappy four inch heels clicking on the tile. A crotchless fishnet bodysuit was clinging to her light brown skin, her enormous tits swaying freely through holes in the chest of the suit. As she pulled open the door, I found myself once again admiring her big, round ass, wanting a taste.

"Come in, Brooke, and meet my new friend," she said, stepping back and letting the young woman enter. At 19, her body was in its prime, and she flaunted her curves with the careless hunger of youth. Her sun yellow dress was low-cut at the neck and came midway down her thigh. She looked like a D-cup, had she bothered wearing a bra. Her black hair was straightened and fell just past her shoulders.

I stood up as she entered, and Mischelle closed the door behind her. Brooke looked so young and innocent, though I knew she had a nasty side, eager to be exploited.

"I told Mason about you, girl, and he just had to meet you."

She approached me, a sly smile on her pretty little face, chin raised as she looked up into my eyes. "What did my auntie tell you?"

When she stood mere inches from me, I couldn't resist reaching out to touch her, my hand curling around the soft curve of her neck. She drew in a sharp breath, seeming surprised, and I stroked her throat lightly with my thumb, appreciating the contrast of my large, masculine hand wrapped around her delicate neck. 

"She told me that you like being told what to do. That you're a bad girl." I let my fingers slide down, trace her collarbone, pausing to touch the piercing there, then slip between her breasts, lower, until my fingertips caught the edge of her dress. I traced the neckline, a fingertip dragging lightly across her soft, flawless skin, up to the thin strap over her left shoulder, which I slowly pulled down. There was something mesmerizing about the light skin of my hand against her darker complexion as I explored her feminine curves. 

"She also told me," her large brown eyes met mine as I spoke," that you're a good little cocksucker. That true, Brooke?"

Before I could pull the strap low enough to expose her breast, she grabbed my right hand and raised it to her face, drawing my index finger into her hot little mouth. I felt her work her tongue over the underside of my finger, her tongue ring smooth against my skin, and my cock twitched as I thought of fucking her face.

I grabbed the back of her head with my free hand, sliding a second finger past her lips, and she stared into my eyes as she sucked them in and out of her mouth.

"Can you deep throat?"

She nodded, and I pulled my wet fingers free, wiping them across her cheek.

"I want to see this pretty face covered in my cum. Don't you, Mischelle?" I asked over my shoulder.

"Mmm, yes, I'd love to see that, baby! Let's use this bitch," she cackled, turning to leave the room. 

I looked down at Brooke, who glanced down the hall after Mischelle, then up at me meaningfully. I gestured for her to lead the way, and followed her to the older woman's room, where she lay on the bed. I eyed the large dildo on her nightstand, standing on its suction cup base. It looked to be nearly 10 inches long, but I didn't feel too intimidated, having a solid 9 inches myself, at full mast. These two beautiful women had me achingly close to full length.

Brooke stood at the foot of the bed, and I stepped up behind her, placing my hands on her shoulders.

"Undress her," Mischelle murmured, running her hands across her own large, erect nipples. I flashed her a grin as I unzipped the back, then slipped the dress straps down Brooke's arms. I looked down over her shoulder as I exposed her chest, her young flesh hanging free yet firm. When the straps hung down nearly to her wrists, I cinched the material at her lower back with my left hand, so her arms were held at her sides, and I tugged on the silver ring through her right nipple, then reached across to the other.

"A matching pair," I muttered. "How many piercings do you have, girl?" I watched her chest rise with a small intake of air as she opened her mouth to speak, then I hushed her. "Don't tell me. I want to find them for myself." I toyed with the small hoops, caressed her breasts until she leaned back against me, moaning softly. I released my grip on the dress, bringing my hands to either side of her torso and running my palms down her hips until her clothing finally slipped to the floor. There was a pair of piercings on her hips, and I ran my hands up her abdomen to touch her belly button ring.

"No panties..." I commented as I moved my hands freely over her nude body, pulling her close so she could feel my hardness pressing against her skin.

"Oh, damn," she breathed, reaching back to grope me, squeezing my cock through my jeans.

I looked up at Mischelle as she spoke. "Before you suck that dick, you're making me cum, girl." 

I had nearly forgotten there was someone else in the room. Mischelle had worked herself into a frenzy, her fingers and inner thighs coated and dripping while she touched herself. She was breathing heavily, and I watched her tits rise and fall.

Brooke climbed onto the bed, ass in the air, her swollen pussy glistening with arousal. She ran her hands up Mischelle's calves and thighs.

"Stop touching yourself, Mischelle," I said, pulling my shirt off over my head. "I want her to do all the work to get you off." I shucked off my jeans and boxers, and stepped up to the bed, my dick jutting up at a 45 degree angle. I stroked myself a couple of times as I moved near to Brooke. "Suck on her tits," I told her. Mischelle raised a hand to fondle the breast that was not getting the younger woman's attention. "I said don't touch yourself!" I barked, fisting my cock slowly, keeping myself on a low boil.

Mischelle shot me an angry glare, then arched and groaned as Brooke sucked hard on one nipple and squeezed the other, pulling. Mischelle's arms were at her sides, fists twisting the blanket. I touched Brooke's shoulderblades, palm drifting across the dip of her back as she hovered over the other woman, then sliding up the curve of her ass. I couldn't help pausing for a squeeze of that sexy bottom.

"Eat her," I said simply. As she moved to position her face between the woman's fishnet covered thighs, I had another thought. Her tongue snaked out towards Mischelle's pussy, and I pushed her head lower. "Eat her ass first, you nasty little slut."

Another idea made me smile as I watched Mischelle writhe in frustration, obviously wanting to grab her tits, grab Brooke's hair, anything. I climbed on the bed, straddled Mischelle's chest, and bent forward, hooking my arms beneath her thighs to hold her ass cheeks apart for the girl's willing tongue. 

"Since you're looking for something to do, Mischelle, why don't you rim my asshole while this bitch digs her tongue into yours?" Fingernails pressed into my ass cheeks, and as I watched Brooke snake her tongue eagerly into Mischelle's asshole, I felt Mischelle lapping at my own. Both women were moaning, eating ass, and I groaned as I felt a tongue press inside of me. I looked down to where my cock was resting on Mischelle, leaking precum on her skin.

"Fuck, Mischelle, tongue fuck my asshole," I grunted. Brooke looked up at me, and I smiled. "Make this bitch cum."

Mischelle gasped and groaned into my asshole as Brooke slid her tongue between her folds and sucked on her clit. It didn't take long for Mischelle to explode under Brooke's attentions. Her tongue left me, and I sat up to watch over my shoulder as she cried out with the force of her orgasm.

As she settled, panting and sighing, I turned back to Brooke, who was grinning devilishly up at me from where she knelt between Mischelle's legs. 

"I think it's your turn now." I leaned forward to kiss her, tasting the other woman's juices on her tongue as it lashed against my own. When I pulled my face away from hers a few long moments later, I took one of her nipples into my mouth, playing with the piercing until I felt a playful smack on my ass.

"Who the hell do you think you are, telling me what to do, Mason?"

I gave Brooke's other nipple a long, hard suck before responding. "You could have said no. I want you to suck my cock while Brooke sits on my face."

"Then lay down, fucker," Mischelle said.

I got on my back next to her, and Brooke crawled up my body, pressing herself against my erection and teasing her tongue across my nipples. The heat of her skin and mouth was driving me crazy. I wanted to taste her, I wanted her to give herself to me, cum for me, and then I wanted that sexy mouth of hers wrapped around my cock. 

I ran my hands over her back and shoulders, enjoying her lips and teeth pulling at my skin. When I felt Mischelle's red laquered nails drawing lines across my thighs, I told Brooke to bring that tight little pussy of hers up to my mouth. I grabbed her ass with both hands, and took a minute to admire her: with her legs spread, straddling my head, her pussy was open and inviting, and the ring dangling from her swollen clit came as no surprise.

Those nails dragged themselves lightly through my pubes, and my cock twitched, anticipating some much needed attention. As soon as I felt those lips wrap themselves around the underside of my cock, just below the head, I drew a sharp breath through my teeth, all of my focus turned to the hot mouth on my dick. She sucked at the skin there for a few moments, then drew her tongue across my slit, wrapping the fingers of one hand around my shaft and using the other to gently tickle my balls. 

Waves of pleasure were radiating from my groin, and I pulled Brooke's pussy toward my face, wanting to finally taste her, see if she was as sweet as she looked, and also wanting a distraction to keep me from concentrating too much on what Mischelle was doing. I was saving my load for Brooke.

I ran my tongue up and down her outer and inner lips, teased around her opening - yes, she did taste as good as she looked - and as I licked at her clit, she began moaning softly and grinding out a rhythm with her hips.

While she humped my face and the sounds of her pleasure increased in volume, I couldn't help occasionally moaning as I ate her pussy. I was so turned on with her riding my face, and Mischelle expertly sucking and stroking my manhood, that I hoped Brooke would cum soon or I'd be forced to beg Mischelle to stop, so that I could hold back.

Mercifully, as though telepathic, Mischelle slowly backed off from what may have been the best blowjob of my life, pulling her mouth away with a "pop" and giving me a couple of slow strokes before letting go.

Brooke was now whimpering. I had slipped two fingers inside of her slick, snug hole and stroked at her sweet spot while I alternately flicked my tongue around and over her swollen, pierced nub, occasionally tugging at the metal ring. I looked up to see Mischelle's hands cupping Brooke's gorgeous tits, sqeezing her nipples, and suddenly she was screaming, shaking, burying my face in her gushing depths. I had never experienced a woman squirting before, but I was fairly certain that was what was happening, and I fucking loved it. Her muscles tensed around my fingers with the waves of her orgasm, and I lapped up all that I could.

Mischelle eased Brooke's limp, gasping body onto the bed next to me, then she began dragging her tongue across my chin and around my mouth while I caught my breath. "I've never seen her cum like that," she smiled down at me.

"I've never had anyone give head quite like that," I replied. 

She winked and lay back against the pillows. "You all recovered there, little lady? I believe I'd like a show. I want to see this big, fat cock disappear inside your pretty mouth."

I sure as shit wanted to see the same, and I got up off of the bed, watching Brooke sit up slowly, wiping a small hand across the beads of perspiration at her hairline.
