 Lydia was working temporarily at a National Guard base in Indiana. With the sudden mobilization of the Guard the base was seeing a lot more traffic than normal. The exchange was severely understaffed so she volunteered to make the two-hour drive north to the base outside Indianapolis. 

The soldiers were grateful that someone had taken the time to help them out and were always very nice to Lydia. The fact that she was a very attractive Asian woman of 32 (and looking younger) didn't hurt things either. She still had a nice figure and a smile that could melt anyone's heart. 

She had become friends with a few of the guys on her second trip to the base. Two guys in particular, David and Greg, had showed a special interest in her. They would come by and have lunch with her everyday. David was a teacher and Greg worked in an import business. Both were good looking men in their mid-20's. 

Lydia found herself thinking about them at night when she was alone in her hotel room. Her nipples would start to ache and her pussy would start getting very wet. Her hand would slowly drift down her body and end up between her legs. The fingers on one hand would dive inside her while her other fingers worked her hard clit. Lydia would fuck herself harder and harder fantasizing about being fucked by these two men until she would come in an earth shattering orgasm.

Only then could she fall asleep, but her dreams were still filled with David and Greg. She would wake up in the morning still wet after being fucked silly in her dreams. She would shower, cleaning her juices from her thighs, then go to the exchange again and look forward to seeing her friends.

The guys came in as usual in time for Lydia's lunch break.They all went to the snack bar and found a secluded corner booth. The guys sat on either side of Lydia. She liked the proximity of these two hunks and allowed her legs to open so that each was resting against theirs. She was wearing short-shorts and her bare legs rested against their uniform trousers. She found herself wishing she was touching bare skin, but she could still feel the heat of their legs.

Lydia's actions hadn't been lost on the guys and they both exerted slight pressure back into her. From time to time each would momentarily brush her knee with a hand and as time went by she would feel a hand rest on her thighs for a moment or two. Each touch sent a jolt of electricity up her leg straight to her pussy and nipples.

The next time Greg's hand landed on her thigh, Lydia placed her hand over it to keep it there. She then did the same to David. She now had both hands caressing her thighs, and as the guys got braver, and higher on her thighs, Lydia's legs opened farther. Their seating arrangement hid their lower halves from any prying eyes, but their closeness had been noticed by one or two people there. Lydia and the guys decided discretion was probably the best policy in this instance so they cooled off touching and went back to the occasional stolen touch they had started with. 

The three chit chatted for a while before it was time for Lydia to head back to work. David asked what time she got off work and suggested that they all get together later. Lydia and Greg quickly agreed and they decided to meet outside the exchange after it closed at nine. Lydia went back to work with a smile on her face and a fire between her legs. She was a little self-conscious due to the fact that she was worried she might have a big wet spot showing between her legs. She spent the rest of the day ensuring she wasn't in a position to show her condition.

Closing time seemed to take forever to arrive, but it finally did. As Lydia locked the door the guys showed up. Another guy, who she recognized as Bill, was with them. She was apprehensive when she first saw a third man there, but Bill was as handsome as the other two and she decided it was okay for him to be there. She was wanting David and Greg so bad that another guy joining them wasn't about to stop her.

The guys had brought some beer and wine coolers with them and they all walked to a nearby park They chose a picnic table in some trees that hid them very well, not that anyone was around anyway. But it's best to be safe.

Lydia sat on the table while Greg and David sat on the bench on either side of her. Bill stood for the time being a few feet in front of Lydia. They all chatted and joked around, but her fantasy boys didn't waste any time putting their hands on her thighs. Lydia let them know right away they were doing the right thing by placing her hands on theirs and allowing her legs to open. Bill just seemed to be awestruck by the sight in front of him and Lydia smiled up at him to allay his doubts about being welcome to the party.

David was the first to take the next step. He started gently kissing her thigh. Lydia knew he had to see her juices seeping out from under her shorts. She could feel the wetness on her thigh. Greg was looking up at her face and Lydia leaned over and kissed him full on the lips while David put her leg around his shoulder. She suddenly felt er shirt being pulled up from behind and looked to see that Bill had gotten over his shyness. She raised up her arms and once her shirt was off she leaned back into Bill to give his hands access to her hard nipples and his lips access to her hungry lips.

As Bill pinched and pulled on her right nipple She felt Greg's lips on her left one. She let out a moan as he nibble and lightly bit them between strokes of his tongue. 

She could feel David's lips and tongue licking her pussy juice off her thigh. Onceher thighs had been licked clean he started undoing her shorts. She raised her hips to allow them to come off easily. She was now completely nude in front of these hot, horny men and ready to give herself completely. David's fingers begin probing at her pussy and she laid all the back on the table with her ass on the edge. Suddenly she felt his hot tongue attack her clit while his finger worked their magic inside her. It didn't take long for her first orgasm to arrive, and it was soon followed by more.

Greg kept at her nipples causing that sensation that borders between pleasure and pain that she loved so much. Bill's crotch was directly above her head and she reached up and rubbed his hard cock through his pants. He didn't need any more coaxing and he was out of his clothes in a flash. He placed his balls to her lips and she began sucking on them while her hand wrapped around his thick cock. 

Bill repositioned himself so that he could put his cock in her mouth. Lydia gobbled up his cock like she hadn't eaten in a week. As he gently fucked her mouth, the other two shed their clothes and David positioned himself between her legs. He teased the entrance to her pussy with the head of his cock then slowly pushed it in halfway. She sucked Bill's cock to the rhythm of David's fucking. When he forcefully plunged all the way into her pussy she pulled Bill's cock deep into her throat. David started fucking her good and steady and she moaned repeatedly as loud as Bill's cock would allow. Suddenly David pulled out and shot his load all over her belly.

Greg, who had been patiently standing by, pulled her up and then laid on the bench and positioned her over his cock. Bill moved to the edge of the table so she could suck his cock more. As she slowly lowered herself onto Greg's cock, which was by far the biggest of the three well hung men, he grabbed her hips and pulled her down onto him, forcing her to take it all in one move. She let out a small scream at the sudden invasion by the largest cock she had ever felt.

As Greg and Lydia got into a rhythm, Bill took her by the hair and shoved his cock back into her mouth. She felt his cock suddenly stiffen and began to shoot his load down her throat. As soon as her mouth was free, David took ahold of her head and pulled it to his half-hard cock. She sucked him till he was hard again then he moved behind her and started fingering her ass. She then felt his cock slowly pushing into her. Greg allowed her to stop bouncing on his cock to allow David to push into her.

It didn't take long for her experienced ass to take all David had to offer and the two guys started getting a good rhythm going, alternating their in and out strokes. The sensation was mind blowing. Lydia loved nothing more than having two men fucking her at the same time. 

She was starting to get very vocal in showing her appreciation for the great fuck she was receiving so Bill once again started fucking her mouth and in no time was hard as a rock. Lydia felt Greg arch his back under her then felt his hot seed shooting deep inside her. This set off a series of quick eruptions inside her pussy in response. Soon afterwards she felt the same hot liquid shooting deep in her ass.

They all came untangled from each other and Lydia placed both hands on the edge of the table and stuck her ass in the air. She smiled wickedly to Bill who took the hint. He got behind her and plunged his cock into her pussy. There was no need to take his time entering her as all the come had her well lubed. She could here noise of his cock ploughing through the mixture of come and pussy juice. It didn't take long for Bill to shoot into her with an unbelievable force. She also came at the feeling of her pussy walls being splashed again with come.

Lydia stood up and put her hand to her pussy. She pulled it away with her fingers loaded with their collective juices. She seductively licked them clean then got on her knees and beckoned the men to her. With her mouth she cleaned each cock then continued until they were hard again. She sucked and stroked them until they all came on her face. She stood up and kissed each deeply sharing their come with each other. None of them even flinched. They had just had the best fuck of their lives and would do as she pleased.

They parted company vowing to get together every chance they had. They got together nearly every night until it was time For Lydia to go back home to her husband. She knew he would enjoy hearing about her adventures, and her three lovers would not soon forget her.