 Note:

This one was written at the request of a very special lady. Besides giving me the basic scenario, she wanted me to make it more explicit - "less talk, more sex."

I found that writing someone else's fantasy is a *lot* harder than writing up your own; I also found that choreographing an extended sex scene gets *much* harder as you add people.

Despite the difficulties, I enjoyed writing it. I hope that she, and the rest of you, enjoy it.

Javahead

*****

"Tell me a story," she said.

"What sort? Do you have anything in particular in mind."

"N-no - just make it *hot*. I want something to turn me on."

Friends that only know my wife's demure public face wouldn't recognize the foul-mouthed wanton of our bedroom. The same woman who blushes at an off-color joke told by a girlfriend critiques my stories - and her most common complaint is "too much talk - not enough fucking." 

"Mmm. . . How about making love outdoors? Or in the back seat of the car, like when we were dating? Or you as a stripper? Maybe, you as a porno actress? I could really get off watching you make love on screen-"

I dodged as she made mock try to hit me.

"Or maybe having sex in the back of a limo? Do you want me to go on?"

"I want you to come *in*. Right now!"

*Something* I said had excited her - she was wet enough that my first thrust slid smoothly in. When I felt her ankles lock in place behind my knees, I fell into her rhythm with the ease of long practice. I reminded myself how lucky I really am - even after a few years of marriage, she still excites me more than any other woman I have known.

After a few minutes, as usual, she managed to gasp "Let me on top."

Without pulling out, I rolled over till she was firmly seated in her favorite position. Once she was settled in place, she took control of the pacing, speeding up slightly. Her face was almost agonized, pulled into a near-snarl.

A gasp escaped her when I slid a hand up to cup a breast. It always amazes me how her breasts respond; her nipples are rather large and erect easily. Right now, they were as large, and hard, as the first joint of my index finger. She arched her back and pushed her chest toward me as I gently tugged and squeezed them. She was aroused as I had ever seen her.

At first, I thought she was just gasping, but I began to make out chanted words.

"- want to - watch me - fuck another - man, huh? - What would - you do - if you - found me - *fucking someone*?" Her voice had risen throughout; the last two words were nearly shrieked.

I was too far gone for thought; my response was nearly automatic. I cupped her ass firmly in both hands and began thrusting as hard as I could.

"I'd wait - till he - finished and - jump on - and fuck - you as - *hard as I could*."

With the last words, I could feel her tense and clench as her orgasm started. Though I tried to hold back, I was too near the edge myself; I thrust into her again and held her immobile, hands digging into her ass, as mine began.

For a few minutes, we lay holding each other, my softening cock still inside her. When she finally slid off, it was only far enough to lay beside me with her head on my shoulder. There was a long, comfortable, silence. I was unsure if she was still awake till she spoke.

"Thinking about me fucking someone else really turns you on, doesn't it?" Her tone was both amused and curious.

I thought for a moment before replying.

"Well - yes, I suppose it does."

"Why is that?" She sounded honestly curious now.

This time, I thought a lot longer, trying to make coherent sense out of something I had always felt more than analyzed. She was stirring impatiently before I started.

"Do you know how an X rated movie can turn you on?" (She nodded) "You know how exciting it can be, watching absolute strangers fucking on the screen? I've always thought you were the sexiest woman I know - imagine how much it turns me on to think of you spreading your legs, watching someone else's cock sliding into your tight little cunt, someone else's mouth sucking one of those tasty nipples . . ."

I broke off and stared guiltily at her. I was feeling both embarrassed and more than a little aroused again.

Her return look was slightly mocking. She gave a wry smile and shook her head.

"You *are* a strange man . . . Most men would be too jealous to even consider it. Could you really handle it?"

I paused before replying.

"I . . . think so. As long as I knew you still loved me, and were still coming back to me."

"What *would* make you angry, then?"

I thought carefully.

"Sneaking around. Leaving me. Not taking precautions and getting some nasty disease."

She laughed. "Pretty easy conditions . . . You *are* strange. How come I've never heard this before?"

I had to swallow a lump before replying.

"Because I was afraid of losing you. When I've got my fantasy girl right next to me every night, the woman I most love in the world . . . do you think I want to louse *that* up?"

Somehow, we were hugging each other tightly by the time I finished. I let the tightness of her embrace push aside my fear. Ripping open your soul and exposing your hidden fantasies is never easy, and I was grateful for her comforting arms around me.

Even a moment this charged eases eventually; as I gradually relaxed a question of my own formed.

"Why do you always ask for *my* fantasies? You're one of the sexiest women I've ever known, you enjoy sex stories . . . but you never tell me what turns *you* on."

She looked away for a moment, then back. Her reply was halting.

"I don't really have any particular fantasies. I just like to listen to you, or read a story, or watch a movie . . . after a while, I get hot."

She was blushing faintly by the time she finished.

"Any particular stories or movies? *Nothing* excites you more than anything else? You never have any daydreams, or thoughts, or images that really turn you on? I don't think I believe you."

She turned face down till all I could see was the top of her head. When she spoke, I could barely hear her voice. It sounded as if she were crying.

"Oh . . . damn you! What turns me on is thinking about you watching me while I fuck! Satisfied? I think about you watching from the closet, or maybe two of you together, taking turns . . . And when you brought that up tonight I was so hot. God, I feel like such a slut."

Her voice broke at the end. When she raised her face it was streaked with tears. My comforting kiss was returned cautiously, then eagerly. I felt myself responding almost immediately as she began sliding her slick pussy up and down my leg.

This time, there was no subtlety or playfulness in our sex. This wasn't lovemaking, this was two rutting animals trying to fuck each other senseless. We had just enough strength left afterwards to hold each other before sleep took us.

Over the next several days, we had several long talks. We were both relieved to find that our partner wasn't disgusted; at the same time, we were both unsure how far we wanted to go.

As a fantasy, it was fine - we had some of our best sex while discussing it - but the reality was tricky. As hot as it made us, neither of us thought that going further would be worth it if it broke us up, or hurt our pair bond. At the same, if it *wouldn't* break us up we both were willing to try. We finally ended up making a list of all our concerns and requirements for going further.

First, we both agreed that long-term commitments were out. Friends, occasional playmates, yes, but our marriage came first.

Just as importance was safe sex. With all the diseases out there, only a fool would take chances. Any sex would be with low-risk partners, and condoms would *always* be used.

And finally, we both felt more comfortable knowing that our partner was present, or at least nearby. If we couldn't be together, we didn't want to do it at all. For both of us, a good deal of the excitement was the voyeuristic charge of performing for a loving audience.

The hard part was finding playmates.

In stories, it's always easy; swing partners crop up out of nowhere. In practice, it's never that easy. Consider our requirements - we needed someone or ones that we could trust, who were healthy, attractive, available, and *discreet*. If we were hooked into the swinging lifestyle, it would probably have been easier, but we didn't know anybody who was; or, possibly, who was willing to talk about it.

Swinger's contact magazines and forums are out there, and we looked at some - the variety of advertisers was eye-opening - but neither one of us felt comfortable with replying to an ad; it seemed too calculated, and cold. Swinger's party houses, advertised in the same places, were out for the same reason - we both wanted to get to know a potential bedmate before deciding. We had been hesitating for months when Rich called to let me know he was going to be in town. Suddenly, it all fell into place.

Rich was an old college buddy of mine. Since leaving college, we only see each other occasionally, perhaps once or twice a year, but we made a point of staying in contact. Best of all, he and Tam already had a well established flirtation; I'm quite certain that if Tam and I had not been married he would have long since have asked her out. Our only problem would be making the approach.

I waited till after dinner, the first night after he had arrived. A good meal, and a bottle of good wine, had left us all feeling relaxed. When Tam left the room for a moment, I took advantage of the opportunity.

Unfortunately, Emily Post never addressed the problem of how to politely ask "Would you like to join the two of us in our bedroom and spend the night fucking like bunnies?" Though I tried my best, I felt *extremely* awkward.

"Are you *serious*? Tam wants me to *make love* with her, while you *watch*? Are you crazy? Or am I?" Unsurprisingly, he looked rather stunned.

"Yes, we're serious. Shocked?"

"Yeah. I *was* right - you're both crazy."

"But would you like to do it?"

"Damn straight - think I'll miss a chance like this? Man, I've been envying you for the last few years!" He was still shaking his head in disbelief when Tam came back.

It was an odd, hesitant, feeling. We all knew that we were going to go into the bedroom and make love. No, that's too nice - we all knew that we were going to go into the bedroom and fuck ourselves silly.

It was just that until we took that first step we weren't really *committed* - we could still back out without too many hurt feelings. At the same time, we both wanted to go forward - if the other was ready. Sensing our indecision, Rich stayed studiously casual, letting us make the first move.

I glanced at my wife. She looked scared, but also excited. When I nodded questioningly in the direction of the bedroom, she hesitated, then bobbed her head firmly. I stood up, and took her hand. As we walked past, she reached back with her free hand to pull Rich along.

Once in the bedroom, Tam began unbuttoning her blouse immediately, as if to prevent second thoughts. Her skirt fell to join it. She blushed slightly, but unhooked her bra and discarded just as rapidly. Now she *did* blush, but slid her panties off without slowing. Still blushing, she squared her shoulders and gave us an impish grin.

"Like what you see, gentlemen?" Her voice was more nervous than sultry. Rather than detracting from her appeal, her shyness added to it.

Except for her doctor, I was the only man who had ever seen her naked; despite her fantasies, and her happy enthusiasm in lovemaking, the only man she had ever had. And now, shyness and all, she was planning on taking another man into her bed - her body - while I watched. Despite my own last-minute jitters, I was powerfully aroused.

I looked at her, trying to see her as our guest must. She *was* lovely. Short, slender, but rounded. Small, firm breasts tipped with dark, erect nipples. A trimmed pubic patch that neatly framed her pouting cunt. Even across the room, her labia appeared puffy and glistening, and the musky smell of an aroused woman scented the air.

I glanced at Rich. His attention was concentrated enough to suggest that he was trying to memorize every line, every detail, of her body. Tam held out her hand towards us, but Rich stood frozen until she took his hand once more and led him closer to the bed.

After the first step, he seemed in control of himself once more. When he reached the side of the bed he gently pulled his hand from hers, and began to unbutton his shirt. Once he saw how closely Tam's eyes were following his hands, he slowed, his movements becoming wider and rather theatrical.

Since they were preoccupied with one another, I began undressing myself. The sexual tension in the room, and Tam's obvious arousal, had affected me also; though I hadn't noticed it till now, my cock was already erect and hard.

Even though he had started first, Rich's deliberate pace had him just unbuckling his belt as I put my clothes away. Tam seemed to enjoy the view so far. He gave me a grin as I walked up behind Tam and hugged her; it widened as she pushed her bare bottom back against my erect cock and wiggled it.

"Can't wait?"

The question could have been to either of us, but I answered.

"Just giving you some incentive to hurry. Wouldn't you like to do this?"

As I spoke, I cupped a breast and ran my thumb across the erect nipple. Tam leaned back against me, allowing my other hand to cup her mound. She moaned as I ran a finger up her slit; again, and louder, as I released her and stepped back.

Rich laughed, and abandoned his teasing, sliding his pants and boxers down together. My laugh joined his Tam gasped.

Though I'm not short of body hair, Rich has a near pelt, and his dense pubic patch only thinned out slightly before merging with it. My cock is of average length and thickness, with a slight upward curve when erect. Unsurprisingly, he was as turned on as Tam and I, so I could note his was a bit shorter, but it was also a little thicker, standing almost straight out from his body. It gave a slight jump when Tam timidly stroked it.

When she stepped closer to him, he met her half way, bending to kiss her. When her arms went around his neck, he pulled her close. Despite myself, I felt a pang of jealousy when his hands gently kneaded her naked ass.

Without letting go, his hands slid lower and cupped her bottom, pulling her off the ground and carrying her to the bed. For a moment, I though that he would plunge straight in; instead, he slid a little lower and began to slowly massage and nurse on her tits.

I lay down on Tam's other side, propping myself up on an elbow to watch them. I slid my free hand down to cup Tam's wet pussy; she gave a delighted shudder when I slid a finger inside her. I gave her a smile before moving a bit further back.

Contrary to my first thought, Rich was in no particular hurry. After a couple of tip-of-tongue flicks to Tam's nipples (she giggled), he backed off a little and began running his hands gently up and down her body. To her frustration, he paid no more attention to her breasts or cunt than he did the rest; it seemed that he was intent on memorizing every feature before moving on.

Finally, her patience broke; she took his hand and placed it firmly on her sex. He gave her a devilish grin, cupped her mound briefly, and drew her into another lingering kiss.

When he finally released her, she took command; pushing him over onto his back, she got a condom from the bedside table and opened the packet. Her crisp efficiency faltered for a moment when she started to roll it on him; after all, this was only the second penis she had handled in her life. With a visible effort, she calmed herself and finished rolling it on.

I had expected her to mount him, but instead she moved between the two of us, rolling onto her back and spreading her legs. The invitation was unmistakable, and Rich rolled over and kneeled between her legs. Though her eyes were on him, her hand snaked over and grasped mine. I gave her a little squeeze of reassurance and let my attention follow hers.

With one hand, Rich had gently spread her swollen labia; the head of his latex-sheathed cock was resting on the wet pink of her inner cunt. After a breathless moment, he began to move it in. A storm of emotions - envy, a pang of jealousy, sheer lust - went through me as he began to slide his cock into Tam. Her lips spread a bit further, then began to stretch until the head was fully inside; then the rest of his cock began to disappear. Moments later, his pubic tangle meshed with Tam's neat patch as he buried his full length in my wife's cunt.

Their faces were a striking contrast; he looked determined, serious, and somewhat concerned, as if afraid of moving too fast. Tam appeared to be transported; her eyes were half-closed and her breathing had speeded up.

"Please . . . faster." I could barely hear her, but Rich speeded up immediately, his second and third strokes coming faster and more firmly. From the way he was pounding into her, I doubted that he'd last long, but it seemed to be what she wanted; she was matching him thrust for thrust.

It was the most erotic sight I had ever seen: our friend's thick cock sliding wetly in and out of my wife's tight cunt, plumbing depths that only I had ever explored before. He surprised me; rather than coming almost immediately, he managed to keep himself under control for several minutes, long enough for both of them to build up a sheen of sweat. But despite his intentions, when Tam locked her feet behind his butt he couldn't hold back any longer; he came with a half-triumphant, half- frustrated bellow. 

Tam whimpered when he withdrew, but it was needless; almost before he was out of the way I was on her, thrusting my own cock into her just-emptied cunt. Though I sometimes dislike them, I was glad of the condom I was wearing tonight; without it I might have come at once.

Despite the thorough fucking that Rich had just given her, Tam hadn't come yet - she seldom does unless she's on top. He had taken her to the edge, though; only a couple of minutes after I entered her I felt her body tighten with anticipation. As her orgasm hit, I relaxed and let mine rise to join with it; I was dimly aware that we were both screaming with the joy? agony? of release.

For a while, we all lay in an exhausted heap on the bed. Sooner than I would have expected, we began to revive.

After the first time, much of the evening passed in a sex- flavored blur; only a few disjointed images remaining clear.

Image: Tam riding Rich while she and I exchange a passionate kiss.

Image: Tam alternating back and forth between our cocks, sucking each in turn.

Image: Fucking Tam doggy-style, pounding in as hard as I could while she sucked Rich's cock.

Things like order, and how many times each of us came, I don't know. The only other clear memory of the night was the last time - Tam living out a scene from one of her favorite tapes.

"You want *what*?" I wasn't sure I had heard correctly.

"I want you in my ass and him in my cunt. Please?"

I looked at her worriedly. "Can you? Not will you, but *can* you?"

"I . . . think I can. I *will*. Please . . ." She let it trail off.

Despite my doubts, I was ready. With the aid of plenty of lubricant, I managed to slide my condom-wrapped cock through her tight anal sphincter, doing my best to ignore her muffled whimpers. Once the head was in, it was less of a struggle, but I still took it as gently as I could, pushing slowly in till I was fully ensheathed.

I gave her a few seconds to adjust to the fullness before slowly rolling over on my back, taking her with me. I felt her legs spread, and his knees press down on the bed outside my own. A moment later, I felt his cock sliding into her.
