 If you're underage or offended by erotic literature, don't read any further. In fact if either of those describes you-get off this website.  

This work is not available for copy or distribution without permission from the author. 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 Ch. 3

Everybody Fuck Chung Tonight

The next morning came late. In the master it was dark and quiet until almost noon. Eve and Jimmy slept in almost that late too but Bill and June never made it inside and woke up early on the double chaise by the pool. I think they took a quick dip and then found a shadier spot to nap until we all got up. It's a good thing my yard is so secluded. 

Lauren and I made breakfast/lunch for everyone and served it. Susie jumped up and drug Dana along with her to clean up for us. Since it was the weekend, we all just laid around the pool. After the night we'd had no one was worried about swimsuits. We soaked up the sun and enjoyed each other's company. About three o'clock the girls all went to the bathroom and left us guys hanging around by ourselves for a while. We started a game of volleyball in the pool and were stilling playing when the girls came back. Susie asked if I could help June and Eve out for a minute while the other two girls divided up into teams with Bill and Jimmy. 

When we got inside Susie said, "I have a couple of questions for you, Sir."

"Okay, shoot."

"June and Eve want to know if they could fuck you too. They like Bill and Jimmy, but they saw your cock and they want to try it."

"Okay. But what's the question, Susie?"

"Would you fuck them, Sir?"

With a chuckle I said, "Sure. But let me ask this: June, Eve, you two both live here right?"

"Yeah,"

"Yes."

"How about if we wait a couple of days until the boys head home and then we all get together? I promise I won't wear it out before then."

Both girls came over and gave me a hug and a kiss. Eve's tight body and June's big tits almost broke my resolve and I was sure they knew it. 

"What's the other question, Susie?"

After she stammered around for a minute, Eve spoke up saying, "She doesn't know how to ask this. She's afraid you'll take it wrong or get mad at her."

"Susie, I'm crazy about you. I know I don't show it the way some guys would, but I love you. Nothing you can ask will make me mad."

"Well, what I want is..." she started out sheepishly. "WAIT! You love me? Do you really? Do you mean it?"

For a second I couldn't figure out what to say. I'd never told a woman I loved her before. I never thought I would say it to someone I only known for such a short time, but it felt right. I hadn't thought about it, it just slipped out. 

"Yeah, I do. I love you, Susie. I've never known anyone like you and I'm crazy about you. I love you. I love you."

"Forget about it then. I don't want to ever fuck anybody else. I want you, just you. I love you too," she said as she buried her face against my chest. 

"No, tell you what you wanted, Susie. It'll be okay. I promise."

"I want to be gangbanged. I want everyone to fuck me. I want to be fucked all night long in every way. I want to eat pussy and have the girls strap on cocks and fuck me until I can't walk. I want to let the guys fuck me too. I mean it only seems fair, but I want them to only fuck my ass. You're the only man I want in my pussy or mouth. Would that be okay?"

June and Eve were both staring at us. Between our profession of love and Susie's description of her gangbang they were speechless. I would never have guessed that was something she'd want in a million years. My mouth hung open as I tried to figure out what to say. It was so wild all I could do was laugh. 

"Let's do it," I said. "After dinner we'll tell the girls what you want. I have two conditions though. I want to be your first and last and I want the whole thing on tape. For future reference anytime you want to fuck a girl with me I've got no problem with it. The guys will be fine with it. Hell, they'd probably pay for a night like that."

From behind me I heard Eve say, "The girls all know about it already." 

"Then everybody's going to have fun tonight." And then it hit me. I started singing 'Everybody have fun tonight Everybody fuck Chung tonight'

June punched me in the arm and said, "That's racist, you ass."

Susie laughed and hugged June. With a big smile she said, "No, my last name is Chung and that's what I want." Then she started dancing and singing  'Everybody have fun tonight Everybody fuck Chung tonight.' 

She was so cute and sexy that soon the three of us were laughing and singing our way out to the pool. Dana and Lauren gave each other high-fives as we came out and joined in. 

When we finished Susie stood by the side of the pool and bowed deeply then said, "Me love you good. Me love you long time." Then jumped in the water laughing. 

The rest of the day was spent playing a mix of volleyball and grab ass in the pool. We dominated the game when I lifted Susie up so she could flash her pussy. The other team laughed so hard no one could return a shot. When the rest of them made us stop we moved up close to the net. I'd lift her up and she'd spike the ball. We were unstoppable. It was funny. It worked pretty well until Lauren (who was on the other team) dove down and locked her mouth around my cock as I picked Susie up. 

I told her, "That's not fair. You blew my concentration." That got enough laughs to bring the game to an end. 

In honor of the evening's entertainment, we ordered Sushi and the girls went to pick it up while Susie changed and I explained the girls' plan to the guys. Bill was eager for the night to start, but Jimmy was concerned. He'd seen how Susie was with me and wanted to be sure I wasn't making Susie do something against her will. I tried to convince him it was her idea, but I couldn't. I told him I'd make myself scarce and he could ask the girls about it. He settled down a bit then. When the girls got back I saw him pull Eve aside to ask her. She gave him a hug and a kiss as she assured him that Susie started this. I was glad to see he had enough character to walk away if it was wrong and Eve must have felt the same way. 

Dinner was great. My home is usually quiet and tranquil. This night was full of talking and laughing. It was a wonderful change of pace. Lauren looked up at me and smiled as Susie walked in from behind me. Susie had changed into a traditional Japanese dress with the wide cloth belt and layers of long-sleeved kimonos. Her face was impeccably made up and her hair was up revealing her long graceful neck. The traditional sandals she wore and her slow gliding pace gave her an exotic air. 

She stopped a few feet from where we were all sitting on the floor and bowed. Then she pulled a fan from her sleeve and popped it open. For the next few minutes we all stared as she danced with it. It was beautiful. She was beautiful. This girl was stealing my heart so quickly. When she finished we gave her a hand as she bowed deeply. Walking to me she knelt down to sit beside me. For the rest of the meal she served me and only ate when I insisted. 

At Lauren's cue the other girls started cleaning up and headed off to the kitchen to take care of the dishes. When they came back they were all in kimonos. I didn't know what they had planned, but it looked like we were in for quite a show. They passed us by and after letting Susie give me a little kiss, took her to the middle of the room. Working as a group they stripped off her robes, layer after layer to reveal that delicate little body I'd come to adore. Then just as the last robe fell at Susie's feet, Lauren pulled the chopsticks from her hair and that long, thick braid of hair fell down her back. 

The girls then stood around Susie as they dropped their robes to reveal their beautiful curves and big long strap-ons. The girls were pleased when Bill, Jimmy and I started clapping and cheering. They started teasing Susie, rubbing their cocks on her face and tits, sliding them up between her legs to let her grind her little pussy against their shafts. It was so hot. I don't know about the other guys but I was hard as a rock. 

When the girls thought she was ready, they brought her to me. On her knees in front of me Susie looked up and said, "May I please you, Sir?"

"Yes, little one, you may."

With a smile she grabbed my cock and dropped her mouth over it, swallowing me all the way to the base in one long, smooth move. Sliding me out she wrapped her little hand around me and then forced her mouth down to deep throat me again. After holding it there for a minute, she eased my rod out of her mouth and looking me in the eye said, "Thank you, Sir."

I hadn't realized we were all holding our breath while she worked on my cock until Bill said, "Damn."

With that the Susie went to work and had me ready to shoot a load down her throat in no time at all. When she pulled her mouth off me and licked my cock up and down, she said, "Please let me drink your come, pump my mouth and pussy full of it." I grabbed her hair and shoved the head of my dick between her lips and came. She swallowed every drop and licked me clean. Then while I was still hard she climbed up and fed me her little pussy while she stroked my rod. She quickly came with a shudder and slid down to rub me up and down her wet slit. Smiling at me she lowered her pussy onto my cock, going down and down until I was in her balls deep. She rode me with bumps and grinds that would put a stripper to shame. Then as our pleasure mounted she slammed up and down my shaft wailing as she came. The quivering of her tight little pussy sent word to my balls that it was time to let go and they did. I shot wad after wad of come up into her hungry pussy. Panting, we held each other and each whispered, "I love you."

Once again Bill brought us out of our reverie when he said, "DAMN." 

The girls descended on us like the Mongol hordes. They pulled Susie off me and started licking and sucking us both clean. When they were satisfied we were cleaned up, they took turns feeding Susie their cocks (and pussies) and fucking her. She was taking them on two at a time and loving it. Again and again she came as they used her little body as a fuck toy. She was riding one of the girls and had another bent over so she could get her tongue deep in the pussy and ass in front of her when she turned to Bill and Jimmy and asked, "Anybody want a fuck my ass?"

The guys both looked at me and I waved them on. Jimmy was having his cock sucked by two of the girls but Bill was between girls and jumped at the chance. Susie grabbed him and rubbed his cock all over her face. For a second I thought she'd changed her mind about wanting other cocks but I realized she was just teasing him. She lubed him up and started stuffing her fingers in her ass. When she was ready she ground down on the dildo in her pussy and reached back to spread her tight little ass cheeks. "Come and get it," she teased. 

Bill was on her in a flash. His thin cock slid into her and together with the strap-on she was riding, he filled little Susie up. She came as soon as he hit bottom and didn't stop until he'd dumped a load in her and pulled away. Gingerly she lifted off the girl below her and all but collapsed on the bed. Jimmy saw his opening though and moved behind her to slip in her little rosebud before it had time to close up. With his cock wet and hard from the double blowjob he'd been getting, it was easy to get into that tight butt. Eve crawled over and kissed Susie and asked if Susie was all right. Susie answered with a request for more pussy to eat. Susie moaned into Eve's cunt with every one of Jimmy's strokes. When he bellowed out that he was coming, Eve followed him and grabbed Susie's hair to help her fuck little Susie's face while she came. When they both fell back from my girl, I scooped her up and carried her to the master bath. Leaving the others behind to have their fun, I took Susie in to clean her up and get her to bed. 

We soaked in the tub then showered. Occasional shudders passed through her tiny frame as I washed away the evidence of her debauchery. As I cleaned her up I felt guilty for getting hard but by the time I had her ready to lay down to rest, I was ready for another fuck. As I tucked her into bed Susie pulled me down to her and said, "Fuck me. Take me now and make me your slut," and kissed me.

In a heartbeat I was in her deep. She moved under me with the same bump and grind as before. I held myself up over her and let her fuck me and it was great. With her arms around my neck and her legs spread wide she slammed her pussy up on my rod and fucked me like a woman possessed. When I came, she gripped me so tightly I could barely breathe. It was fantastic. 

As the party went on down the hall, we snuggled up to go to sleep. Just before I drifted off Susie laid her head on my chest and softly sang.  'Everybody have fun tonight  Everybody fuck Chung tonight  Everybody gonna do it right Everybody fuck Chung tonight  Everybody fuck Chung tonight'