 If you're underage or offended by erotic literature, don't read any further. In fact if either of those describes you-get off this website. 

This work is not available for copy or distribution without permission from the author. 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Ch. 2 

Everybody Have Fun Tonight

Susie wasn't at the gym for almost a week. I began to worry. Maybe she'd lied about calling the cops or maybe I'd really hurt her. When I did see her again, she looked exactly the same as always except now she had a bit more attitude. There was a wicked little grin that wasn't there before. There was a gleam in her eye and more sway in her hips as she walked by. I saw it, but it wasn't anything that anyone else would notice. 

As I left the showers I saw her coming down the hall. "Hello, Sir," she said quietly.

"I'll see you soon."

She was out of the shower and in her car before I pulled out of the lot. I saw her pass me in traffic so I turned toward her place. I rolled through the gate behind her and followed her to her building. Without a backward glance or a word she got out and started up the stairs with me close behind. When someone spoke to her on the landing, she nervously excused herself and walked away. They gave me an odd look so I stopped and said, "Hello, how are you doing tonight? It sure is a beautiful night isn't it?" in the friendliest tone I could. They responded politely and left. 

Susie's hadn't had time to wash and dry her hair so she had it in a tight braid down to the middle of her back. It was a perfect way to guide her. I used it like a leash to hold her as I took her doggy style and as a handle to guide her mouth up and down my cock when she sucked me off. I dumped a big load into her tight little cunt before I had her suck me off. It took her a while to get my cock to gush down her throat. But she was equal to the task. It was hard to believe that less than a week ago, she'd never sucked or fucked a cock at all. She was an eager little thing.

While we lay in her bed she described the strict, sexually repressed world she grew up in. Catholic school and strict discipline at home destroyed her self-esteem and made sure she didn't stray at all as a teen. She made me laugh with stories of communal baths and the barrel-chested old men with tiny dicks. Particularly funny were the fertility festivals where young girls would carry statues of big phalluses through the city. She said it felt so ridiculous to have a foot long, four inch thick prick carved out of wood on display when there wasn't a dick more than five inches long anywhere in town. 

I had decided that tonight we were going to have some fun if she was up for it. When I told her to get some dancing clothes on her eyes lit up. She said, "That's wonderful, Sir. I'd love to go dancing with you."

"No, little one. You're going to be dancing for me-not with me. Wear something you can peel off a bit at a time so you can show off for me. I've got some clients in town and I want to show you off. You'll be dancing for us."

A second passed while it sank in and she responded. "Yes, Sir. I've got just the thing."

She showered and headed to her closet with her hair still wet. I headed for the bath to clean up. By the time I came out she was almost ready. It wasn't long before she stepped out of the bedroom. I almost ripped her clothes off and fucked her right there. The schoolgirl uniform she was wearing looked real, but it was too tight and too sexy for a kid to wear in school. Her white socks came up just above her knees leaving her firm thighs exposed. The plaid skirt was so short when she bent over she flashed her cute little ass at me. The blouse was tight enough that it hugged every curve and let her hard nipples show through the fabric. The shoes were comical. They looked like the classic schoolgirl's saddle shoe, but they had platform soles and tall heels. She walked and danced with a fluid grace like she wore them all the time. She was three or four inches taller now and looked like she was built for sin. 

I had her turn around slowly and bend over so I could see her white cotton panties. "Take the panties off, right now," I told her.

"But everyone will see my..."

"I said take them off. Don't make me repeat myself."

"Yes, Sir."

Reaching into my gym bag I pulled out a white vinyl thong. "Wear these instead."

"Yes, Sir." She smiled as she slipped them up her legs. "There's something in them. I'll fix it."

"No, leave them like they are and pull them up tight against your pussy." As she pulled them up I hit the remote control for the mini-vibe in the crotch. Susie almost fell off her heels when she felt it go on and off. "How do you like it?"

"Oh my god, I love it. Are you going to leave it on all night? If you do, I won't be able to walk, much less dance."

"You're going to dance for me. And you'll dance as long as I want-won't you?"

"Yes, Sir." She leaned forward and hugged me. "Thank you, Sir."

I had called my secretary, Lauren, to tell my clients we were going out. She was relieved that Susie and I were going to help entertain them. The two guys had kept her jumping and she'd be in for a long night without some backup. I asked if her roommate, Eve, would come too. The clients were in a hotel near the best strip clubs in town. The two of them loved the place. It wasn't a nice hotel but they didn't care. They were there for the strippers. They used their expense money at the clubs. They paid their cover and ate lunch and dinner there both nights so far. The food was lousy but they didn't care. They wrote up their cover and lap dances as meals and tips. Food, a place to sleep and naked women-what more could they want?

Tonight was amateur night at my favorite club. Girls who wanted to try out would come in and dance. The winner took home $1000, second place got was $500, third place got $250, and fourth place got $100. The girls could make money for lap dances too. I once saw a husband and wife take home $3500 one night. Hell, they had $300 of mine. She'd danced her pretty little ass off that night. That's where we were headed. I told Lauren and Eve to dress, get the clients and meet me at the club. 

Lauren and Eve looked good and the clients, Bill and Jimmy were drooling over them by the time I got there. When they saw Susie their eyes popped out of their heads. Bill did a double take and Jimmy stood there with his mouth hanging open. We got my usual table and ordered a round of drinks. Bill and Jimmy asked the girls if they wanted to grab something at the buffet. Eve went with them and Lauren stayed with Susie and I. When the guys were gone she asked, "Who is this?" 

"This is Susie. She's here to dance for me tonight."

Lauren turned to Susie and asked, "You want to try out as a dancer? You look like a kid. Are you old enough?"

"Yes, Ma'am, I am. I'm twenty-four. I know I look young, but I have a bachelors and masters in computer science. It's probably just the outfit that makes me look like a kid."

"No, honey, the outfit makes you look like a slut. The kid part is something else." 

Susie surprised us both by saying, "Thank you, Ma'am."

Turning back to me Lauren asked, "What's the game plan tonight, Boss? You got something special in mind?"

"No. I thought we'd just see what happens. The only thing I'm planning on doing is watching Susie dance for me." I thought about it for a moment and added, "Unless you and Eve would like to dance too. I think I'd like that."

"I don't know, Boss."

"Maybe you need a little incentive. Did you wear my favorite panties tonight?"

She looked down and quietly said, "Yes, Boss."

"Did you bring a pair for Eve or is she wearing them?"

"I brought some for her, but she doesn't know."

"Good. I think all three of you girls should try to win that money tonight. When you take Eve backstage to get ready, have her wear the panties you brought for her. I'll take the remotes now. Okay?"

"Okay, Boss." She reached in her purse and pulled out a black and red remote. I now had Susie's white remote and one for each girl. But which remote was for which girl's panties? Without asking I switched the black one on and off. Nothing happened. I turned the red one on full and Lauren grabbed the edge of the table and moaned. 

"Okay. Now that I know which is which, I'll let you girls go get ready to dance for us."

"Okay, Boss."

"Yes, Sir. Can you show me what to do, Ma'am?"

"Sure, Kid. Just follow my lead. And call me 'Lauren' you're weirding me out with the 'Ma'am' bit."

I pulled Susie to me and turned her remote to low as I kissed her. "You'll have fun."

She shuddered against me and said, "I'm sure I will, Sir."

Bill, Jimmy and Eve were coming back from the buffet with their plates in hand. The guys dug into the food while Eve just sat in between them. A minute or so later Lauren leaned over and told me that the girls were going to head backstage to get ready. 

"You should take Eve with you. But she hasn't even touched her food yet," I said.

"It's not hers. She just carried it for the guys," Lauren whispered. "She's going with us."

Eve was sitting still between the two guys, watching them eat, and starting to look bored. "Go for it." The girls got up and headed off together like they were off to the ladies' room, but instead they went backstage. In between mouthfuls of food the guys asked me about each of the girls. I played my cards close to my vest and either sidestepped their questions or ignored them all together. Lauren came back to the table alone and slid in next to me. 

Lauren had won the amateur night prize a while back and wasn't allowed in it again. She'd offered to dance without competing for the money, but the manager was insistent. I should have figured they wouldn't let her dance. I certainly remembered that night. That was the night I hired her. I'd been in the club and saw her onstage. She was so hot. Besides being beautiful and stacked, she was working it. She had a whole show put together and she not only enjoyed showing off her body, but she enjoyed dancing. I bought one lap dance after another from her, then took her home and fucked her. The next morning I asked her to hang out with me but she refused. She had to go find a job. The money she'd made wouldn't keep her going for too long. She needed something permanent. She's been working for me ever since.

The guys had finished their dinners and asked where Eve and Susie were. Lauren told them, "They'll be out in a minute, boys." As if on cue the manager announced the amateur night contest and explained the rules. Then the lights dimmed and five girls walked out on stage. Eve and Susie were the last two out and were walking hand-in-hand. I gave Lauren the remote for Eve and we turned them on the lowest setting together. Both girls faltered a bit as they stepped across stage, but quickly regained their composure. 

The contestants were each introduced by their number and the winner would be chosen by the audience applause. The manager added that tonight numbers four and five would be performing together. Looking closely I realized that Susie had given Eve the tie she'd been wearing and Lauren had traded blouses with her. With those changes, her hair pinned up and a pair of glasses, Eve looked like a sexy schoolteacher next to Susie. This was going to be good.

Lauren leaned over to me and said, "It was her idea." I was going to have to learn more about Eve. But then I realized what Lauren meant when she added, "She thought you'd enjoy seeing her getting a good spanking." She meant Susie. This was her idea.

The first girl had big fake tits and was there to show them off. She must have just had them done. Bill didn't care if they were real of not. He went on and on about how hot she was. Lauren suggested he get her to give him a lap dance later, and he got real quiet after that. The second girl was pretty unremarkable and looked very uncomfortable. She went through the motions but her heart wasn't in it. While she was dancing, Lauren nudged me and nodded to a guy on our left. He was on his feet clapping along with the music. Jimmy asked what was up and Lauren explained that the girl only got up there because her boyfriend wanted her to. The third girl was hot. I mean smoking, set off the sprinklers and fire alarms hot. When she walked out she was dignified even demure, but once she got started she was really working the crowd. When she finished stripping she rubbed her hands up and down her body and ground the crotch of her g-string into one face after another along the front of the stage. 

Lauren giggled a little when she did that. I asked why. "That girl lost to me the night we met, Boss. She's doing almost the same routine that I did."

"Really? Well, she certainly learned from the best." I switched on Lauren's vibe before adding, "Maybe I should give her an interview. She might need a job."

"Maybe so."

"Would you like to have her under you?"

"Oh yeah, Boss."

I told gave our waitress a hundred and told her to make sure the first the third dancers came by our table as soon as they could. As I was talking to her, Eve came out on stage. "Hot For Teacher" by Van Halen started playing and she got the crowd going fast. But she didn't strip. Instead she stopped dancing and the music faded down low. Eve yelled, "Get in here now, young lady," and Susie came out slowly. Staring at her feet with her hands clasped tight in front of her tiny skirt, she played it to the hilt. Eve said, "You know why you're here don't you?" With her head down, Susie nodded. Eve went on to ask, "What did you let that boy do?"

"He put his thing in me." Susie said timidly. The crowd cheered.

"Why did you let him do that?"

"Because it was so big and thick and it looked so good." The cheering was even louder.

"Where did he put it in you?" Susie pointed at her mouth to a chorus of whoops and hollering. Then she slowly lifted the front of her skirt and pointed at her vinyl-covered pussy. I turned her vibe up another notch as she did and she visibly shuddered. 

"Did you like that?" Eve asked sternly. I gave Lauren the nod to turn up Eve's vibe as Susie nodded. "I'll bet you did," Eve said breathlessly. "Why did you let him do that?"

"Because he did played with my tits like this," Susie said as she pulled open her blouse and freed her beautiful breasts. 

Eve got behind her and cupped her tits, "Did he do this? And this?"

"Yes. Yes. And he did this." Susie whipped around and pulled open Eve's blouse and dove in between her firm C cups. Lauren and I both nudged the remotes a little higher. 

"I'll bet you did love it," Eve panted and pulled Susie up for a long wet kiss as the two of them ground their pussies together. "Is that all that happened?" Eve asked. Susie shook her head as Eve stepped back. "What else did you let him do?"

As she whipped off her tiny skirt, Susie leaned over to show off her tight little ass and said, "He put his big thing in there, too." The crowd went crazy. They were yelling at Eve telling her to spank that ass. So she did. After tossing her own skirt off and strutting back and forth across the stage to egg them on, she got in front of Susie and reached around to grab her firm little ass. Then she spread Susie's legs and pushed her down until she grabbed her ankles. In that position her face and tits were visible between her legs. Eve straddled her head so Susie's ass was on display and ground her pussy was against Susie's back. In that position she gave the crowd a great view of her tits bouncing as she slapped that tight little ass. 

Lauren and I both turned their vibes up to full as the place went nuts. I hit the switch for Lauren's vibe and saw her squirm in her seat. The DJ cranked up the music again and Eve made a big show of spanking Susie. The cheeks of her butt were turning pink by the time she quit. Then she pulled Susie up, kissed her long and hard as the song ended. Guys were lined up on the stage to tip the girls. Eve pulled Susie along with her to collect the money and give out quick pecks or rub her tits on a guys face. I wondered if any of the guys would noticed the girls' panties were vibrating as they stuffed money in their thongs. 

After that there was no doubt about who would win. The other girls got some polite applause but Eve and Susie won it easily. Susie and Eve took the money for first and second and shared it between them. Then the girls ran over to hug the other contestants and gave away most of their tips. 

Soon our table was the center of the party. Bill had the first dancer, June, sitting in his lap. Jimmy started buying Eve drinks and making his move. Dana, the third dancer came by to thank Susie and Eve for sharing their tips. When she did Susie introduced us. Lauren and I were still playing with the remotes. Dana found out that I was the one who sent the waitress over and wanted to give me my lap dance. Instead of going to a private booth I suggested we get somewhere more comfortable. When the girls all agreed, Lauren and I worked out the logistics to get everybody back to my place. 

Lauren took the rental car for she and Eve to take June and Dana with them. Bill, Jimmy, Susie and I took my car. I told the girls that they didn't have to do anything they didn't want to do, but if they were up for some fun it ought to be a wild night. When everybody got there, Lauren started making drinks for everybody. I sent Dana to help while I told Susie how impressed I was with her performance. 

As we paired off into couples Dana slipped behind the bar and told Lauren, "We're short a couple of guys here. Looks like you and I get to bartend while the others play." 

"You've underestimated our host, honey. The three of us won't be enough to wear the Boss out. Besides, just cause we don't have guys to play with doesn't mean we can't have fun." Lauren ran her hand up the back of Dana's thigh and grabbed her ass. When Dana turned toward her, Lauren laid a hot wet kiss on her.

The two girls kissing got Susie's attention. She was squirming in my lap as she watched them. "You're wondering what that's like, aren't you?" I asked her.

Blushing she dropped her eyes and answered, "Yes, Sir."

"Why don't you go join them?"

"If you want me to, Sir," she said, smiling. As she headed to the bar I turned her vibe back on. A wiggle of her ass and a glance over her shoulder told me she liked it. When she got to the bar she took a sip of wine and asked, "Have you tasted this yet?"

Lauren looked at her and said, "No, give me a taste." Then she pulled Susie into their embrace and tried to stick her tongue down Susie's throat. When they came up for air she whispered, "Sweet."

Dana had been torn between watching them or me. Looking over Susie's shoulder, she stared at me as she said, "I want some of that too," and gave Susie a long wet kiss.

I sat back and let the girls enjoy themselves for a bit. Meanwhile Bill and Jimmy were starting to have fun with June and Eve. June had her top open and Bill was sucking on her bit tits. Jimmy and Eve were watching while she played with his cock. Eve's hand was moving in the fly of Jimmy's pants while he mauled her tits. It was pretty obvious where this was going so I got up and took the Lauren, Dana and Susie back to the master bedroom. I pulled Lauren and Dana down onto the bed with me and told Susie to dance for me. The girls curled up on either side of me as I sat back on the bed. Susie moved around the bed swaying seductively as she stripped down to her panties. While she danced I played with the remote to keep her motivated. 

Dana's attention was split between Lauren and I. Her hands were so busy, so curious and so eager to please. When Susie looked like she couldn't take anymore I called her to me and kissed her. Between kisses I whispered in her ear, "Come," and turned the vibe up full as we kissed again. Her orgasm wracked her body and left her limp. 
