 It was a Friday night, and I was hanging out with my girlfriend, Jessica, and her friend Britney. The three of us had been drinking vodka together for several hours in the living room of my apartment. They had been talking about Britney's breakup with her boyfriend for about an hour, and I was getting extremely bored and sleepy. 

"I'm getting tired. I think I'm going to go pass out," I said.

"Okay, Baby. Goodnight," Jessica said.

"Goodnight," Britney chimed in.

They both quickly turned their attention back to one another and continued talking about Britney's relationship woes. I stood up from the couch and walked into my bedroom and shut the door. I took off all of my clothes, switched off the light, and crawled underneath the covers. Jessica and Britney quieted down a little bit, and after about fifteen minutes had passed, I dozed off to sleep.

I was only asleep for half an hour when their conversation grew louder, waking me up. They must have been getting rather drunk, because they were talking and laughing obnoxiously. Falling back asleep seemed hopeless, so I decided to listen to their conversation, hoping that it would bore me back to sleep.

"I'm just happy to be single again," Britney said.

"Really?" Jessica asked.

"Yea. I think I needed a break from dating," Britney answered.

"Don't you miss the sex?" Jessica asked.

"Not really. Mark wasn't very good in bed. He was more the cuddling type," Britney said.

"That sucks," Jessica said.

"I mean... I miss sex, but not his sex. I really need to get fucked hard. It's been awhile since anyone gave it to me really good," Britney explained.

"I'm sorry. I don't know what that's like..." Jessica trailed off.

"What's your man like in bed?" Britney asked.

"Ummm...." Jessica laughed, "Let's just say he fucks my brains out every chance he gets, and I give him a lot of chances," They both laughed, and then their conversation went awkwardly silent for a few moments.

"So, what's his cock like?" Britney asked.

"Perfect," Jessica said.

"This sexy talk is making me really want to get fucked..." Britney said, "The things I would do with a nice juicy cock."

I could barely hear Jessica's response, but she spoke just loud enough for me to understand what she said. Jessica asked, "Want to see it?"

"Really? You're kidding, right?" Britney replied, giggling. 

"Let me see if he's asleep," Jessica said.

A few moments later, I heard the bedroom door begin to slowly creak open. I closed my eyes and pretended to be asleep. The light from the living room shined through the opening in the doorway, and I tried my hardest to fake that I was sleeping. I heard footsteps slowly approaching the bed, and then I felt the blanket being slowly pulled off of me. I wanted to hold onto it to stay warm, but I reminded myself that I was supposed to be 'sleeping'. The blanket was pulled down to my knees, exposing my throbbing erection. 

"Can you see it?" Jessica whispered.

"Oh yea," Britney whispered from the doorway.

Jessica tiptoed back out of the bedroom and carefully shut the door. The moment she was back in the living room, they began talking loudly again.

"He's got a nice one," Britney said.

"Yep, he sure does," Jessica replied.

"You probably don't know what to do with all that," Britney said.

"What's that supposed to mean?" Jessica shot back.

"If I had a nice cock like that to play with, I'll bet I could make him scream and shoot buckets of cum..." Britney said, half-jokingly.

"For your information, I do just fine," Jessica said.

"Sure..." Britney said in a doubting tone, "I'll bet I could make him cum harder."

"My boyfriend?" Jessica said.

"Yes," Britney said.

"I stand by my performance," Jessica said confidently.

An awkward silence followed, and then Britney asked, "Wanna bet?" 

"Bet what?" Jessica asked.

Britney laughed, and then said, "I'll bet I can make him cum harder than you."

"I'll bet you can't," Jessica said.

"Want to find out?" Britney asked.

"Well, he's been a good boy... Game on," Jessica said.

"We're about the same build. Do you think he would notice in the dark?" Britney asked.

"I wax my pussy. How about you?" Jessica asked

"I wax my pussy too. Who gets to go first?" Britney asked. 

"Since you're the guest, you can go first," Jessica said.

"Okay. Here goes..." Britney said.

Jessica and Britney have very similar body types. Jessica has medium-length, curly blond hair that touches the tops of her shoulders. She is 22 years old, about 5'2", and has large breasts and a round, squishy ass. Britney is also has medium-length curly hair, but her hair is dark brown. She is 23 years old, about 5'3", and also has large breasts and a round, juicy ass. 

A few moments later, I heard the bedroom door slowly creak open. Britney stepped into the room and shut the door behind her. I continued pretending to be asleep. I heard Britney take off her clothes and toss them on the floor. Then footsteps approached the bed, I felt Britney climb onto the bed and crawl toward me. 

Britney placed her hands on my thighs and spread my legs apart. She placed her hands underneath my knees and lifted them up, bending my legs, and placing my feet flat against the mattress. Then she crawled between my legs. She tickled my inner thighs with her fingertips, slowly running her fingertips towards my crotch. My cock jumped in excitement, and she giggled quietly. Then she lightly tickled my shaft and my balls with her fingertips. I felt the warmth of her breath as she lowered her face down to my cock. She licked me from the base of my shaft, all the way up to the tip. Then she sealed her lips around my head, and began tonguing right underneath my head. 

"Mmmm...." I moaned.

Britney pressed her fingertips against both sides of my shaft and began gently stroking me. Then she started slurping at my head and bobbing her head up and down. My cock had already been hard for a long time, and I felt some precum drip out. Britney eagerly swallowed it and moaned quietly. 

She she wrapped her right hand firmly around my shaft and began stroking me faster. Then she cupped my balls in her left hand and gently massaged them. Her hands were incredibly soft and warm, and I imagined how warm her pussy could be. I wanted to bend her over and fuck her brains out, but I held myself back, and let her have her fun.

She let go of my shaft and balls, and then placed her hands on my knees. Then she pressed downward, pressing my legs back down flat against the bed. She lifted her right knee and placed outside my left leg. Then she lifted her left knee and placed it outside my right leg. Now, she was straddling my knees. She continued to slurp and suck my cock for a few minutes, and then she removed my cock from her mouth, and scooted forward. I felt the warmth of her pussy as she crawled forward. She leaned forward, lying on top of me, pressing my cock backward toward my abdomen with her pussy. I parted her pussy lips with my cock, and she began massaging me with her pussy lips, sliding forward and backward. She pressed her chest against my chest, squishing her large breasts against me. Then she reached backward with her right hand, behind her ass, and grabbed onto my throbbing shaft. She scooted forward so that the tip of my cock was pressed between her pussy lips. Holding firmly onto my shaft, she scooted backward, taking me inside her.

Britney moaned as I penetrated her, and she sat down on it, taking me deep inside. Her pussy was dripping wet, and steaming hot. My cock was in pussy heaven. She began to slowly lift up her ass and lower it back down, gliding her smooth pussy up and down my shaft. I groaned in satisfaction, and she moaned in response. Then she sat upright, and placed her hands on my chest. It was riding time!

Britney began quickly gyrating her hips, massing my cock with her tight pussy. 

"Mmmmm..." Britney moaned as I stretched her out.

She removed her hands from my chest and leaned backward. She reached behind herself, and placed her hands on my knees. Then she began rocking her pelvis like she was dancing on my cock. I could tell that it had been awhile since she had good dick, because she exhaled deeply as she adjusted to my cock. She began whimpering at the end of every stroke when I hit her deep inside. 

Britney's legs began to quiver, and I could tell that she was about to cum— already. This girl really needed to get fucked. She sped up her motions as she began to approach orgasm.

"Oh! Oh! Oh!" Britney moaned with every stroke.

Then she sat down on my cock, holding me deep inside, and her entire body began to shake. She struggled to catch her breath, and began panting. Then suddenly, she let out a loud, long, uninterrupted moan. She removed her hands from my knees and leaned forward again, squishing her large breasts against my chest again. Then she lifted up her ass, holding only the tip of my cock inside her, and she began making short, quick movements, massing the tip of my cock with her pussy. She continued to pant and moan while she came uncontrollably, fucking herself with my rock hard cock. She pumped my cock with her pussy until she couldn't take any more.

Then she climbed off of my cock and crawled back down to straddle my knees. I could feel that her body was still trembling and she was still cumming. She wrapped her lips around the tip of my cock again, and began stroking my shaft with both hands. I was about to cum, and I felt more precum drip out. She eagerly swallowed it and moaned in satisfaction. 

"Mmmm.... mmm..." Britney moaned. She began grinding her clit against my left knee.

My balls tensed up, and I groaned loudly. Then I pumped a huge load of cum into her hot mouth. She began grinding harder against my knee, and her moaning intensified. I shot another massive load into her mouth, and she slurped it up and swallowed it. She pumped me faster with her hands, and I let out another burst of cum. She continued stroking me with her hands, but she stopped sucking. She let my last few shots of cum drip onto her tongue, until she swallowed one last time. Britney's body gradually stopped trembling, and then she climbed off of me and slipped out of the room. 

The girls' conversation resume the moment Britney reclosed the bedroom door.

"That's how you service a cock," Britney said.

"Nice work," Jessica replied, "But, I can make him cum harder."

"We'll see... He came a lot!" Britney said.

"He always cums a lot," Jessica replied.

"He tastes good, too," Britney said.

"His cock? I know," Jessica said.

"His cock, and his cum," Britney replied.

"Naughty girl! Did you swallow?" Jessica asked.

"Of course!" Britney answered. 

I was drained, and despite their incessant chatter, I eventually dozed off to sleep. I slept for about an hour, and I was awoken by the bedroom door opening again. I peeked for a moment, and I recognized that Jessica was in the room now. Jessica closed the door behind her, slipped out of her clothes, and quietly tiptoed to the bed. 

Jessica tried to play that it was her earlier who had sucked me off and said, "I'm back, baby."

"Hey, baby," I replied, playing along.

Jessica climbed on top of me, straddling my crotch. I felt the warmth of her pussy, and my cock grew to a full erection. She sat, straddling me for a minute, and the tip of my cock pressed against her belly button. She reached down and began stroking me with both hands. She played with it a little bit, and slapped my cock against herself a few times. She didn't waste any more time; she lifted up her ass, scooted forward, and sat down on my cock, taking me deep inside her. Her pussy was much tighter than Britney's, and it was also much warmer. My cock felt at home in her sopping wet pussy. Jessica immediately began bouncing.

"Yes!" Jessica exclaimed as she gleefully bounced her juicy ass down onto my thighs.

I felt Jessica's small feet press against the sides of my legs; her toes curl up in excitement when she rides my cock. I reached down and grabbed onto her ass and guided her movements. I squeezed her ass cheeks hard in my hands, and she moaned. I got excited and sat up.

"Bend over!" I ordered her.

Jessica climbed off of me and got on all fours. I got behind her on my knees and grabbed onto her hips. Then I immediately thrust my throbbing cock deep inside her.

"Yes!" Jessica screamed as I slammed into her.

I began pumping her pussy hard and fast. She squealed with every deep thrust. 

"Fuck my pussy!" She begged as I pounded her.

I reached up with my right hand and grabbed onto her curly hair. Then I pulled hard on her hair, and she screamed. Jessica likes it rough, and I'm more than happy to give it to her hard. 

"You like getting fucked like a dirty slut?" I asked her.

"Yes! Fuck me like a whore! I've been a bad girl!" Jessica answered.

I tugged on her hair again, and thrust my cock deep inside her.

"Yes!" Jessica screamed as my cock crashed into her wet pussy.

Jessica began screaming uncontrollably; she was about to cum. While I continued to pull her head backward by her hair, I aggressively pounded her pussy as hard as I could. She began slapping her hands against the mattress as she started to cum. I didn't stop; I kept on pumping her pussy. Jessica surrendered to her orgasm, and began alternating between panting, screaming, and moaning. I continued fucking her hard the entire time she came. 

"Fuuuuccccckkkkk!" Jessica screamed.

I pounded her pussy hard until she began to come down from her orgasm. Just as she was about to catch her breath, I pulled my cock out of her. Then I grabbed onto her hips with both hands and flipped her over on her back. I grabbed onto her ankles, spread her legs apart, and pushed them back against her chest.

She still hadn't completely recovered from her orgasm, but she sounded like she needed some more. So, I thrust my cock back inside her. Then I leaned forward, pressing her legs back against her breasts. I was about to cum, and I knew that my hot cum inside her would push her over the edge again. I pumped her hard, deep, and fast. She moaned loudly. I felt her hot breath against my cheek. 

"Yeessss!" Jessica screamed as she felt my cock begin to spasm.

"Fuck!" I screamed, and then I pumped a massive load of cum deep inside her tight pussy.

"I'm cumming again! Oh my God!" Jessica screamed.

I thrust her harder, and shot another load of cum inside her. 

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" Jessica screamed with every thrust, "Fill me up!" 

I held my cock deep inside her and stopped thrusting. I squirted a few more loads of cum. Jessica exhaled deeply a few times and slowly caught her breath. Then I lowered her legs back down, climbed out from between them, and laid down on the bed beside her.

"I'm going to get a drink of water," Jessica said, as she slowly climbed off of the bed. 

Jessica opened the bedroom door, and staggered out of the room, closing the door behind her.

Then I heard Jessica said to Britney, "No. That is how you service a cock."