 Jeanette sat on the cushion in Jack's apartment flipping through the channels. Nothing worth watching was showing on television. She had already smoked both joints, and as she sat there listening to Michelle's moans, which were turning into screams, she could not believe she was sitting in the living room while Michelle was in the bedroom getting her brains fucked out. She settled on VH-1 and dropped the remote to the floor. As Michelle's screams became more intense, she thought aloud, "Shit! Get it, girlfriend!"

Then she giggled and said, "I sure hope Jack shut his windows this morning."

As she let the sounds coming from Jack's bedroom consume her thoughts, she allowed her legs to open as she slowly slid both her hands up the insides of her thighs. When they reached the top of her thighs, she hooked her thumbs in her bikini bottoms and simultaneously raised her hips as she slid them down past her knees to her ankles. She pedaled them off, opened her legs again and then slid her hands back up her legs. She stopped when one hand covered her mound and then laid the other hand on top of the first. She entered herself with her middle finger and worked it inside as she rubbed the heel of her hand against her clitoris. She began to moan as well. Nothing to compare to the screams coming out of Michelle's throat though. Instead lower. More controlled. 

She switch off rubbing her clitoris with the heel of her bottom hand, and changed to brushing it alternately with each of her thumbs as she worked her index fingers along the inner lips of her pussy. She quickened her pace and slipped each finger deeper inside. She was now brushing along either side of her clitoris simultaneously with both thumbs and working her fingers in and out of her cunt. Faster and deeper. Deeper and faster. She threw her head back and growled as reached a controlled but satisfying orgasm. 

She let her hands slide back down her thighs to her knees as she sighed and seemed to melt into the cushion. She noticed that Michelle's screams had stopped, so she rose to her feet and walked toward the bedroom. As she opened the door, she saw Michelle laying on the bed naked with her legs spread and Jack on top of her nestled nicely between her open legs. They were kissing and as they broke the kiss, Michelle said, "I sure hope you have something left, because there is no way we're leaving here without you fucking Jeanette too."

"That's for sure," Jeanette said. They both turned to look at her, and she reached behind her back and untied the string to her bikini top. It fell to the floor as she put a knee to the bed and joined her friend naked. Jack and Michelle resumed kissing and Jeanette began to kiss and lick her way up Jack's legs. She loved the way he had virtually no hair on his legs. Almost like a woman who was newly shaved. She reached the cheeks of his ass and nudged his legs open so that she could lick his balls, which were almost void of hair as well. Then she slowly rimmed his asshole with her tongue before leaving it and resuming kissing her way up. As she kissed her way up his well-muscled back, she again found his asshole, this time with her middle finger, and began to probe it gently. 

He broke his lips from Michelle's and groaned as Jeanette kissed the side of his neck and slipped her finger into his ass up to the second knuckle. She nibbled his ear and said, "You like that, don't you, Jack?"

He groaned again and said, "Oh, God. Yes. I love it."

Michelle gripped the back of his head and pulled his lips back to hers as Jeanette buried her finger the rest of the way into his ass and said, "Yeah. Uh-huh. You love it. I can tell."

She gently rotated the finger and worked it in and out. Michelle and Jack continued kissing and as Jeanette worked her lips back down to Jack's ass. She softly removed her finger and again began to rim him with her tongue. When she returned to licking his balls, he rolled off of Michelle and his spent penis fell out of her pussy. Jeanette licked her way up from Jack's balls to the head of his cock and took him between her lips. She sucked his cock deeper into her mouth and felt it begin to grow and respond. She glanced up and saw Michelle sucking one of Jack's nipples. Great idea, she thought as she withdrew his cock from her mouth and kissed her way up his flat, hard stomach to his other nipple. At first, she flicked it with her tongue. Then she took it between her lips and sucked it softly. 

Jack lay back and held each of their heads with one of his hands. As she felt him softly pushing their faces towards each other, she thought. I wonder if Michelle told him about last Christmas Eve. Michelle caught her eye and they smiled at each other. They knew what he wanted. What the hell, they both thought as they leaned across his chest and touched their lips together. Jack's cock rose further to life as he watched their mouths part so that they could slip their tongues together. It stood at full attention as they seemed to forget he was even there and their lips passionately melted together into one unit. 

He sighed as Jeanette reached between his legs and found his cock. Stiff and erect. Just the way she wanted it. She broke from Michelle's kiss and positioned herself over his cock. She let the head penetrate her lips and then just sat down and immediately impaled herself on it. Michelle went back to sucking his nipple as Jeanette rapidly rose up and down on Jack's cock. Jeanette gripped a fistful of Michelle's hair in each hand and pulled her lips back to hers as she ground Jack's cock into her cunt. Jack began thrusting his hips up and she continued working up and down. 

She cupped Michelle's heavy breasts in her hands and made each of her nipples hard rubbing them with her thumbs. Jack began to rise up faster to meet her thrusts. The combination of Michelle's lips to hers, Michelle's breasts in her hands and Jack's powerful cock working in and out of her was bringing her to orgasm much faster than she normally came. Then she felt Jack begin to convulse inside her and that was all she needed to push her over the edge. When she finished coming, she fell to Jack's side and rested her head on his shoulder just as Michelle rested her head on the other one.