 Jack slid his shoulders from beneath the girls and stepped off the bed for the bathroom. As they heard Jack turn on the water in the shower, Michelle and Jeanette rolled to face each other. Without saying a word, they leaned their lips together and let them touch. Jeanette softly sucked Michelle's top lip and then her bottom one. Michelle moaned softly when Jeanette rolled her to her back and began lightly sucking the side of her neck. Then she moved her kisses to the front of Michelle's neck. Gradually, she kissed a trail down to Michelle's generous boobs. With her right hand, she cupped Michelle's left breast and softly pinched her left nipple as she placed her lips around the right nipple.

She continued to suck the right nipple as she let her hand leave the left one and her fingers traced their way down to the moist spot between Michelle's legs. Michelle moaned again as Jeanette slipped first one finger and then a second inside her. "Oh God, Jeanie. That feels so fucking good."

Jeanette slowly worked both fingers in and out of Michelle's dripping pussy and continued kissing and sucking her nipple. She would suck one for a moment and then move to the other, but she never stopped working her fingers in and out. Michelle began to lift her hips up to meet Jeanette's hand. She moaned louder as Jeanette began to grind her knuckle against her clit as she worked her fingers in and out of her pussy. 

Michelle gripped Jeanette's hair and pulled her face up to hers so they could mash their lips together. Jeanette was now vigorously pumping her fingers in and out of Michelle's pussy. With each thrust of Jeanette's fingers, Michelle thrust her hips up and humped her pubic bone against her friend's hand. Jack's reappearance from the shower went unnoticed to the girls, but the sight of their wild thrashing instantly gave Jack another erection that surpassed any of the previous ones he had had that day. 

He instantly dropped his towel, positioned himself behind Jeanette, and began to rub the head of his blood engorged penis against the lips of her pussy. She was so excited that he was able to penetrate her with virtually no resistance. The three soon found a rhythm where they were all thrusting in time with each other as Jack drove his cock into Jeanette's pussy, and Jeanette pumped her fingers into Michelle's. In a matter of minutes, Michelle was cumming again screaming, "Oh God..Oh God.Oh fucking God.Don't  stop..Don't stop...Don't fucking stop!"

Jack then grabbed Jeanette by the hips and pulled her back from Michelle and dropped her face right into Michelle's pussy. Without hesitation, Jeanette greedily sucked Michelle's clit just like a new born baby getting its' first taste of mother's milk. Michelle gripped Jeanette's hair so tight it was a miracle that she didn't pull thick strands of it out of her head. This whole time, Jack never stopped driving his cock in and out of Jeanette's pussy. 

In seconds after Jeanette began sucking her clitoris, Michelle was cumming still again. This time, as she screamed, Jeanette felt Jack's cock send her into an orgasm of her own. Sensing that Jeanette had cum again too, Jack playfully tossed her to the side and without pretense pushed his cock into Michelle. He threw her left leg up so that her foot was sitting on his shoulder and recklessly pounded into her with completely no abandon. This sent Michelle over the edge again' and she went into a scream display that didn't cease until minutes after Jack had spent himself, collapsed on top of her, and then rolled to the side. He reached for a pack of Camel's sitting on the table next to the bed and shook out three cigarettes. After he had lit them and handed one to each of the girls, Michelle took a deep drag on hers and aid, "Jesus Christ, Jack. What are you on? Fucking steroids, or something?"

They all three laughed and Jack said, "Nope. I just like to fuck."

Before anything else could be said, they heard a soft knock at Jack's door. "Shit," Jack said. "Who the hell could that be?"

Jeanette laughed and said, "Somebody probably heard Michelle screaming and called the cops."

"You ain't funny, Jeanette," Jack said as he grabbed a pair of gym shorts and stepped into them. "I better see who the fuck it is."

Sally dropped her keys onto the table just inside the door and called out, "Michelle. Laurie. I'm home."

No one answered and she went through the apartment searching for her daughters. She found her ten year old, Laurie sitting in her room with the headphones on playing Nintendo. She lifted the headphones from Laurie's ears and said, "Where's Michelle?"

Laurie never took her eyes of the game and said, "I think she went to the pool with Jeanie."

"Oh," Sally said. "Do you know if Bob's working late tonight?"

Laurie shrugged and said, "He's your boyfriend. How should I know?"

Sally playfully thumped her behind the ear and said, "Don't get lippy with me, little girl. I just thought he might have called."

Laurie swatted her finger and said, "Cut it out, Mom. I'm trying to win this."

"Anyway," Sally said. "I'm hungry. How about you?"

Laurie shrugged again and said, "Sure."

"Wanna order a pizza?"

"I don't care," Laurie said as she blew up another spaceship.

"Okay then. Go find Michelle and I'll call Domino's."

"Come on, Mom," Laurie said while still never taking her eyes off the game. "Can't you go get her. I told you she was at the pool."

Sally sighed and said. "Shit. All right. I'll go get her myself."

Without bothering to change out of her work clothes, Sally stepped out of the apartment and made her way two buildings over to the swimming pool. Her friend Emma, was there with her two toddlers playing in the shallow end. Emma's face brightened with a smile when she saw Sally and she said, "Hey, girl. What's up?"

"Just looking for my wild child. You seen her?"

"She was here earlier with Jeanette. They laid out for a while waiting for Jack to come put on his show. Then they left."

"Jack was here."

Emma sighed and said, "Oh yeah."

"How'd he look?"

"As delicious as ever."

"Yummy," Sally said. "I'm going to have to have a taste of him someday."

Emma laughed and said, "You and me both."

"Hey. Hey. Hey," Sally said. "You're married. You can't be doing that."

Emma stole a glance at her little ones who were happily splashing away in the kiddie water and said, "I'd fuck Jack Stewart in a sec and wouldn't give my husband any more thought than you'd give your boyfriend."

Sally bellowed with laughter and said, "I better go find Michelle. We keep talking like this, and we'll have to take your kids over for Laurie to watch and both of us pay the man a visit."

Emma gave her a look as if she appeared to be considering just that and said, "Sounds like a good idea to me."

Not sure if she was joking or serious, Sally began to walk away, but before she left out the gate she turned back and said, "Come over and have a smoke with me after you get the kids in bed. I got some primo stuff."

"Cool," Emma called to her. "I'll be there."

Next, Sally walked to Jeanette's apartment and knocked on the door. It was answered by Jeanette's brother Wally. "Heyyyyyyyyyyyy," Wally said. "What's uuuupppp?"

He was obviously stoned, and Sally immediately wondered if the girls had been going through her stash. She eyed Wally dubiously and asked, "Is Michelle here?"

Wally shook his head and said, "Nooooooooooo."

Sally raised her eyebrows and asked, "How `bout, Jeanette?"

Wally shook his head and giggled, "Noooooooooo. Jeanie ain't here either."

"Any idea where they might be?"

Wally shook his head again. After he closed the door and went back to his bedroom, Bob passed the water bong back to Wally and said, "Who was that?"

Wally laughed and said, "That was your old lady, dude."

"Did you tell her I was here?"

"Oh. Shit, dude. I never thought of that. I should have brought her in. We could have tag teamed her."

Bob shrugged and said, "Her loss. Now bring the bong back and get back on the bed."

As Sally walked away from Wally, she found herself wondering what Jack Stewart was doing. His apartment was directly across the courtyard from Jeanette's. For some reason, Sally found herself subconsciously walking to Jack's apartment and knocking on the door. What the fuck am I doing, she thought? Fuck it. She knocked on the door again a little louder. After a couple of minutes of knocking, the door opened and Jack stood there in a pair of blue gym shorts and nothing else. Sally looked Jack up and down taking in his well, muscled, tan body as well as the obvious bulge inside his shorts. Before Jack could say anything, she stepped into his apartment and let the door close behind her. Sally took one sniff and said, "Jack Stewart! I didn't know you smoked pot."

Jack hesitated and said, "Well..."

"Can't you get kicked out of the Navy for that."

Jack shifted his weight from one foot to the other and said, "Yes, but.."

"But what? Can you, or can't you get kicked out of the Navy if you get caught smoking weed?"

"You can," he said again. "If you get caught."

Sally laughed and said, "There you go. Guess you better be sure you don't get caught."

"Did you want something, Sally?"

Ignoring his question, she said, "So, where do you get your stuff at?"

He shrugged and, not knowing how to answer, said, "Here and there."

"Uh-huh," Sally said. "You know I always have a little bit on hand. And I always have good stuff."

"I might have heard that."

"You might have? Who from?"

"Huh?"

"Who'd you hear it from?" As she spoke the question, she could not fight the urge to reach her index finger to his bare nipple and give it a little rub. Then she softly pinched it between her thumb and forefinger and said, "Nice, Jack. Real nice. Hate to see a nice guy like you get in any trouble, so you ever wanna score, let me know and I'll get you what you need."

To Jack's amazement, he found himself saying, "And just what will you get me?"

She put her other hand on his chest and slowly brushed both her thumbs across each one of his nipples, and said, "Whatever you want, Jack."

That was all he could take. He grabbed her by her biceps and pulled her face to his. Her lips parted as they met his and she let his tongue slip into her mouth. As their tongues touched and danced, he pressed her firmly against the wall and began to hump his still encumbered but growing cock against her hip. She let her mini-skirt ride up and opened her legs so that he could slip his hips into place between her legs. Still kissing and pressing his lips to hers, he ripped open the buttons of her blouse and groped at her tits, not even thinking that only a few moments ago he had been groping the younger, heavier but only slightly firmer tits of her daughter. She gasped as he continued to fondle her and began to nuzzle her neck. She wrapped her legs around his hips as he continued to grind against her. His cock was so hard, and her pussy was so wet that he was almost able to penetrate her even with the material of his gym shorts and her panties separating them.

She hooked her thumbs into the gym shorts and pulled them halfway down his thighs. His cock sprang free and he used it to push the material of her panties to the side and guided it into her wet, throbbing cunt. He drove into her with such force that he was able to keep her pinned against the wall without even using his hands to hold her. She hugged him tight and mashed her lips back against his as she squeezed her thighs around his hips. Both them lost all thought of anything else and all track of time as he drove into her again and again and again. 

In the bedroom, Jeanette lay back panting and moaning as Michelle buried her face in her crotch and concentrated on using her mouth to bring Jeanette off again. Something about the familiar sound of the screams coming from the living room broke her concentration and caused her to lift up her head from between Jeanette's legs and say, "Jeanie. I think that sounds like my."

Before she could finish, Jeanette pushed her face back into her pussy, and she began to grind her clit up into Michelle's lips and tongue. Forgetting about what was going on in the living room, Michelle reconcentrated herself on her task and licked, nibbled and sucked Jeanette to another orgasm. When she was finished, Jeanette put her hands on either side of her chin and guided Michelle up to her so they could kiss. They broke the kiss when both of them were attracted by the sound of Sally's screams. "Shit," Jeanette said. "Good thing his girlfriend let him get away with fucking her out there. Jackie boy would be in big trouble if she found the two of us in here in his bed."

Sally screamed again, and Michelle said, "Fuck!"

She rolled off the bed and tiptoed to the door. As she slowly cracked it open, Jeanette said, "What are you doing? You're going to get him busted."

"Fuck!" Michelle exclaimed again. "I can't believe it."

"What is it?" Jeanette asked as she stepped off the bed and tiptoed up behind Michelle. As soon as she was able to see over Michelle's shoulder, she gasped, "Oh my God. He's fucking your mom!"

As Sally's screams began to subside, Jack gradually slowed his thrusts into her and she slowly slid down the wall to the floor. Jack dropped to his knees. And, then collapsed onto his back beside her. "Goddamn, Jack Stewart. You are one fucking machine. I need a cigarette. You got one?"

"Yeah. In the bedroom."

As Sally stood up and walked toward Jack's bedroom, his mind clicked.

"SHIT!!"