 Recently while I was on a business trip for a few days I had what was a rather unexpected but delightful experience. I was staying in one of the new suite hotels and was traveling alone planning on spending my time at company meetings and watching TV in my room. I went down to the lobby to get a drink as the hotel offered free cocktails between 5:00 and 7:00. As I had little to do and knew not a soul I began to wander around the lobby watching the people as they milled around and socialized. The Lobby was quite crowded and it took me a while to find a place to sit but eventually I sat down at a table somewhat removed from the main activity and quietly sat back with my drink pondering my dinner options. After a short while two women came up to my table and asked if they could join me as there were no other tables available. 

The first was a woman was about my age 40 and was trim and wore a skirt jacket and blouse and looked like a business professional. She had blond hair and was quite attractive having a slim figure and nice firm breasts. Although she was not very tall 5' 5" I would guess, her figure was in keeping with her height and she wore one of the new shorter skirts showing she wasn't afraid to show her legs which were slim and attractive. The second woman was quite a bit younger and than the first and as I quickly found out was the first woman's daughter. She wore a trim dress and was a bit taller than her mother with red hair and a fantastic figure, in short she was quite beautiful and I would have jumped at the chance to take her back to my room. After a brief period of conversation I learned that the mother, Sharon and her daughter Lisa ran their own travel agency and were in town to attend a meeting at the hotel. I found myself aroused by these ladies but figured with mother and daughter together I would stand little chance of getting either of them to spend some time with me privately. After another drink and some polite conversation I asked the ladies what their dinner plans were as I was alone and would like to share my table with them. I figured any company was better than eating alone, to my surprise they accepted and we adjourned to the hotel restaurant to eat. 

Throughout dinner we kept up an interesting conversation and I learned that Sharon had opened the travel agency after she had gotten divorced and that she and her two daughters ran it as a family business. As we were finishing dinner I felt a bit dejected knowing I would now go back to my room and sit around and watch the tube until bedtime. Not wanting the evening to end I suggested we go out together and see if we could find some interesting night spot. Sharon said she was a bit tired and really wasn't up to going out but said she and Lisa had planned to go for a swim in the pool and asked me if I would like to join them. I immediately answered yes as I wanted to get a better look at both ladies and this would offer me a good reason for not slumping down in front of the TV. We all went to our rooms to change I and learned that Sharon and Lisa were sharing a room on the same floor as I. Changing quickly I went down to the pool and got some drinks of us and jumped in to refresh myself. Just as I was finishing some laps I saw Sharon and Lisa and sat down offering them the drinks. After a bit Sharon and Lisa took off their robes and we all jumped in the pool. Sharon was wearing a yellow bikini which was quite small and showed off her large firm breasts nicely. Her stomach was flat and hard and she had great hips and a nice firm ass despite her age. Sharon's nipples hardened as soon as she got in the cool water and I had all I could do to not stare at them openly. 

Lisa was a knockout; she was wearing a tank suit of very clingy white material which showed her figure off well. Lisa's firm tits sported hard nipples even before she got wet and once she was in the water her wet suit clung to her like a second skin and clearly showed off her firm mound with a hint of red bush around her crotch. I was having a difficult time making polite conversation and even in the cool water my cock was beginning to harden. 

We swam for a while then went to the low end of the pool and just stood around swapping stories and talking. Lisa was a bit fidgety and circled around her mother and me for a while until she ducked under the water and pulled Sharon's legs out from under her dumping her in the water. This set off a friendly scuffle with Sharon going after her daughter Lisa and ending up with her dunking me. Well things were getting friendlier every minute and soon I was after both ladies bent on revenge. I grabbed Sharon around the waist and tried to pulled her into the deeper water but she wiggled around so much I couldn't get her where I wanted so I just pulled her legs up and down she went. You can't imagine my surprise when she surfaced missing her top. Her tits were better than I had imagined full firm and with stiff nipples, I immediately apologized and said I was sorry. Sharon made no move to cover up and as it was late and we were the only people left in the pool area she started after me determined to pay me back. By this time I already had a raging erection and was planning to let her catch me if only to feel those full firm tits against me in the struggle. To my surprise I felt a pair of hands grab my suit and pull it to my ankles in one quick swipe. Lisa seeing what had happened had beaten her mother to the punch. I struggled to keep my balance but with my suit around my ankles and Sharon closing in for the kill there wasn't much I could do. I decided to just stand still and see what developed so to speak so I didn't move and just let Sharon move in on me with my suit around my ankles and my cock sticking out hard as a rock. Sharon reached down into the water and grabbed my prick and slowly drew herself to me. I watched as Lisa closed in on us as Sharon brought her firm tits up against my chest and rubbed the head of my cock against her crotch. I reached out and put my arms around Sharon and held her close to me feeling her stiff warm nipples against my chest. I kissed Sharon forcing my tongue deep into her wet hot mouth. I felt Sharon's bikini bottoms being tugged down and turned to see her daughter Lisa the top of her tank suit off her shoulders and her firm young tits exposed as she struggled pulling her mothers suit off her hips. Sharon kept holding me and once her suit was down pushed the head of my fully erect cock between her hot pussy lips. 

I let out a low moan as my cock entered Sharon's hot slippery channel. 

Sharon smiled and wrapped her legs around my hips taking my full 10 inches into her hot tight pussy. Once Sharon was fully impaled on my cock I began to gently thrust in and out of her hot wet pussy as Lisa pressed up against her mother's back and my hands which were around Sharon's back. I reached one hand out and began to fondle Lisa's firm breast and rolled her hard nipple gently between my fingers. Lisa reached around her mother and cupped her mother's full firm tits bringing them above the surface of the water and began to squeeze them as she rolled her mother's nipples in much the same way I was teasing hers. I could not speak for almost a minute and I just kept staring at these two hot women, mother and daughter enjoying the pleasure of their bodies. Soon Sharon began to tense up, her climax approaching and as she began to quiver with orgasm I poured my own hot river of cum up her clutching pussy. After her climax Sharon released her legs from around my hips and slowly slipped to a standing position next to me. She turned to her daughter Lisa and kissed her as she cupped her daughter's tits and rubbed her thumbs over the nipples. She told Lisa she should have worn her bikini so she could enjoy the fun too. I told both ladies I wanted them to come back with me to my room so we could enjoy the evening together and Lisa answered by grabbing my cock and looking at her mother saying I think we should he's still hard and I need some fun too. I reached down and pulled the crotch of Lisa's suit to one side and gently rubbed her pussy opening her slippery lips and inserting first one then two fingers into her tight young cunt. I rubbed her clit with my thumb as her mother continued to fondle her daughter's breasts and rub the stiff erect nipples. Lisa was begging me to make her cum but the cool water made it impossible. Sharon seeing her daughter's dilemma suggested we all go upstairs to some more private location to continue our lovemaking. 

We put our suits on got out and dried off and finished our drinks. I told them to come over to my room but they insisted I join them instead so we went back upstairs and I left them to change out of my wet suit. 

I could barely contain my delight at the prospect of fucking this mother and daughter pair and I could tell that they wanted it too as well as each other something that turned me on all the more. When we reached my door Sharon gave me her room key saying Lisa had hers and grabbed my still stiff cock thru my suit. I reached down and pressed my hand into Sharon's crotch and then into Lisa's promising I would be right over. 

As I closed the door my mind raced with thoughts of Lisa and Sharon sprawled on the bed naked and open to my desires. I quickly stripped off my suit and grabbed a quick shower washing the chlorine off me and shaved so I would not be scratchy when I went between their legs to lick and suck their pussies. I finished quickly and put on some jeans and a shirt combed my hair and headed out for room 429. I knocked on the door and then remembered I had a key and used it to open their door. As I stepped in I saw Lisa standing behind the small bar her tits were exposed and she was fixing a drink. 

Putting the key down I went around the bar and confirmed my suspicion the she was naked. I could hear the shower running and asked her if Sharon was in the shower she told me mom will be out in a minute and asked me if I wanted to get comfortable. I told her yes and she began to strip me taking off my shirt and pants and pulling off my shoes. 

While Lisa was stripping me I rubbed and stroked her slim body feeling the heat rise off her naked flesh. Once she was done I sat her up on the edge of the bar kissed her and made my way down her hot body licking and sucking her tits as my hands and fingers played with her sweet pussy. I licked down her flat belly until my tongue reached her wet cunt and I spread her pussy lips with my tongue and drove it deep into her slippery vagina. Lisa had a great looking cunt and she had shaved off all the hair on her pussy lips leaving only a small dense patch of flaming red hair on her mound. I spread her legs further and pushed two fingers into her cunt as I began to lash her erect clit. My dick was like iron and I wanted to fuck Lisa's hot pussy but I was determined to make her cum before I fucked her and continued to eat her pussy until I felt her climax. Lisa came with a gush and wet my face with her sweet sticky juices as she withered and moaned in orgasm. Just as I finished licking her juices up I felt a pair of warm hands grab my ass and spread my cheeks. 

I looked back and saw Sharon behind me and nearly came as I felt her hot tongue lick my balls and follow up swirling around my asshole. I stood transfixed as Sharon probed my anus with her hot stiff tongue and massaged my cock and balls. Lisa slid off the bar and knelt down in front of me taking my stiff cock deep into her throat and reached between my legs to squeeze her mother's big tits. I was close to cumming anyway and I started to shoot my load down Lisa's hot mouth as Sharon pushed her finger deep into my asshole. I filled Lisa's mouth with my thick creamy sperm which Lisa sucked down her throat I was still spurting my creamy load as Sharon grabbed my cock from her daughter's lips and rammed it down her own throat milking the rest of my load into her hot mouth and swallowing my sperm in quick gulps. I could not stand any longer and dropped to my knees with pleasure. Mother and daughter kissed licking my sperm from each others lips as I regained my strength. 

As soon as I could I moved these hot women into the bedroom and laid them out on the bed determined to fuck them thru the night. 

I first went down on Sharon spreading her legs and licking her stiff clit as I probed her hot cunt and asshole with my fingers. While I worked on her mothers pretty pussy and ass Lisa straddled her mothers face and lowered her wet pussy to Sharon's face and Sharon ate her daughter's sweet slit while probing her cunt and asshole. I short order both Mother and Daughter climaxed, Sharon filling my mouth with her sweet juices as Lisa poured out her climax on her mothers lips and tongue. I move up to fuck Sharon's hot wet cunt but she stopped me telling me to fuck Lisa first as she still had not felt my cock in her pussy. I moved to Lisa's rear and pushed her head down into her mother's pussy and she began to lick and suck her mom's cunt and clit as she pushed her long slim fingers up her mother's cunt and asshole. Sharon looked up at me from between her daughters creamy thighs and grabbed my cock, spreading Lisa's swollen pink pussy lips Sharon placed the head of my hot hard cock into her daughters pulsing cunt. Sharon started sucking Lisa's clit as I rammed my cock deep into Lisa's hot wet pussy. 

Lisa climaxed almost immediately but I kept up my pounding pace in her slit until she was close to another climax. Licking my finger I slowly pushed it up Lisa's twitching asshole making her climax again. I started to cum as I watched Sharon's legs thrashing around signaled she had also reached orgasm. I pumped my sperm deep into Lisa's hot vise like cunt as Sharon licked up the overflow of my passion from her daughter's hot slippery pussy. I withdrew my now withering prick from Lisa's hot cunt and continued to finger fuck her asshole while Sharon licked and sucked my cock clean. Sharon now demanded my cock and I had them reverse positions with Sharon on top and Lisa looking up into her mothers pussy. Lisa stroked my stiff prick and guided me into her mother's hot wet pussy. 

Once I had buried my cock balls deep in Sharon's hot wet slit I began to probe her asshole with two fingers. Lisa had her mouth firmly planted on her mothers pussy and was sucking and licking her mothers stiff clit as I banged away in Sharon's tight hot cunt. Sharon had pulled her daughters legs up and was eating Lisa's cum filled pussy while she probed her cunt and asshole with long firm strokes. I felt the by now familiar feeling of Sharon's cunt and anus clamping down on my cock and fingers as she approached her orgasm. I pounded my cock up her cunt and flooded her pussy with another load of sticky cum as she and Lisa twisted in orgasmic bliss. 

The ladies lay on their sides recovering and slowly licking each others pussies as I watched and enjoyed the show. Shortly my cock began to rise again and I moved around to Lisa's cunt and began to probe her hot slippery cunt while her mother continued to lick her daughter's sweet pussy. I spread Lisa's anus and began to finger her tight ass pucker while I slowly pushed my cock in and out of her wet twat. Sharon grabbed Lisa's ass cheek and spread her daughter's ass open even more as if inviting me to fuck her there. I pulled out and Sharon grabbed my cock wetting it in her mouth then placing the throbbing head at the entrance to her daughters pulsing rectum. I slowly pushed into Lisa's hot tight anus bringing a moan of pleasure to her lips. Once I had forced my full ten inches into Lisa's hot ass Sharon began to tongue fuck her daughter's hot pussy while she fingered my asshole in time to my pounding strokes up her daughter's anus. 

Looking at Lisa I saw the she had her thumb rammed up her mother's cunt and her index and middle fingers deeply up Sharon's asshole while she lashed at her mother's stiff protruding clit. I continued to fuck Lisa's asshole until she climaxed twice and I filled her tight little asshole with my sperm. Pulling out I moved quickly to Sharon's rear and Lisa begged me to fuck her mother's hot asshole. 

Lisa spread her mother's wet anus and pushed the head of my still swollen cock up Sharon's pink puckered asshole. Sharon's anus was hot and tight and I probed her rectum with long hard strokes burying my cock to my balls with every thrust. Soon Sharon was nearly incoherent as her anal induced orgasm swept her body. Her asshole clamped down hard and I felt like I had my cock in a velvet vise this made me climax and I filled Sharon's hot ass with a load of my sticky juice. I continued to fuck Sharon's tight rear as I watched Lisa's face fill with pleasure as her mother worked her magic on Lisa's cunt and asshole bringing her daughter to a massive climax. Even with all this stimulation I found I was unable to get hard right away and sat and watched as mother and daughter continued to pleasure each other for the next few minutes. After they had wound down their passion a bit Sharon got up and went to the dresser retrieving a large strap on double dildo. Wetting one end in her mouth Sharon spread her legs and slowly pushed half of the 18 inch monster into her swollen pink pussy and secured it with the straps. Sharon looked great with that monster cock up her pussy, the free end swinging back and forth as she approached Lisa and I on the bed. 

Lisa pushed me back and started to suck my semi hard cock as her mother got into position behind her and slowly rammed the fat plastic shaft up her daughter's pussy. Lisa was deep throating my cock now taking my fully erect 10 inched deep into her throat with each downward plunge. Sharon had grabbed her daughter's tits and was fucking that dildo up Lisa's cunt with hard fast strokes. Lisa began to climax as did her mother and I had all I could do to keep from spurting my load down Lisa's silky throat. Lisa crawled up on me and Sharon grabbed my prick guiding my thick cock up her daughter's slippery tight vagina. Lisa slowly forced her cunt down impaling herself on my hot prick as Sharon licked and sucked her daughter's puckered anus. Sharon moved in again with her fake cock and slowly forced the entire exposed nine inches slowly up her daughters exposed asshole. Lisa let out a scream and began to thrust herself into the twin assault on her cunt and asshole pounding my cock up her cunt as her mother reamed her tight little butt with enraged passion. That big dildo forced up her anus made Lisa's cunt tighter than ever and she climaxed quickly milking my cock and forcing my sperm to shoot up her hot tight pussy. 

Totally drained by the experience Lisa collapsed on my chest while her mother continued to fuck her asshole until that fat plastic cock in her pussy brought her to orgasm too. After Lisa had regained her strength She move to her mother and licked her clit as she removed the dildo Sharon sucked my cock restoring the hardness I had just a few minutes before. Sharon Climbed up on me as I helped push the dildo up Lisa's cunt and secure the strap. Lisa positioned her mother over my hot prick and guided me into Sharon's hot wet slit forcing her mother down my hard fat shaft until I she was fully impaled on my throbbing prick. As Sharon began to fuck her pussy on my stiff prick Lisa moved behind her mother and licked Sharon's anus wetting it and then slowly forced the dido up her mothers tightly packed asshole. I could feel the stiff plastic shaft slipping in and out with the rhythm of my thrusts and each double invasion of Sharon's cunt and ass brought a low moan from her throat. I grabbed Sharon's large firm breasts and pulled at her nipples as we ground our way to climax. I came first filling Sharon's tightly packed pussy with my spunk as Lisa called out her climax. We continued to stroke Sharon's pussy and ass until she came and passed out on my chest. 
