 It was after nine o'clock and I was tired and cold and just wanted to get home. Our project deadline at work was approaching quickly and the entire team had been forced to work into the evening. Worse...it looked like this would continue for the next several days. At least the commuter train was nearly empty. I slid across an empty seat for three and shivered against the cold window.

I had just closed my eyes, hoping to nap on the way home, when I felt someone slide into the seat next to me. I was annoyed that someone felt they needed to sit right next to me, given how many empty seats there were in the car. Annoyed, that is, until I caught a whiff of perfume and opened my eyes. Not perfume, really. More like incredibly clean-smelling hair. I glanced to my left. Red hair. Tons of red, curly hair and an aroma of watermelon or citrus. Incredible.

"Brrr... It's pretty fucking cold out there, isn't it," she said – more of a statement than a question. Her smile revealed perfect white teeth. I said something really clever, like, "Yeah."

I was so captivated by that smile, those clear green eyes, that heavenly aroma of clean hair...that I barely noticed the guy sitting on the other side of this beautiful woman. He had apparently been wearing a black cape...and apparently knew the redhead...because he draped the cape over both of them. It was a big cape. It completely covered both of them and partially covered me.

The redhead smiled again, warmer this time. "Sorry." But she made no attempt to pull the cape back toward herself.

"Hey...if you're as cold as we are, just pull that cape over yourself. I don't mind sharing at all..." Well, at least the guy was gracious. I was cold...so...I pulled the cape a bit until it mostly covered me.

I didn't know if it was the train lurching or what, but suddenly the redhead was a lot closer to me...pretty much pressing up against my left side. She didn't feel cold at all. More like warm...and really soft. In fact, the entire left side of my body was warming up nicely. I smiled slightly and closed my eyes again. She actually leaned her head against my shoulder...softly...that incredible aroma of fresh, clean hair just inches from my nose.

I heard a barely whispered, "Ahh." Or...had I just imagined it?

"Tickets please." I looked up at the conductor and realized I had to extricate my wallet from my left, rear pocket. As I moved my left arm, the redhead lifted her head off my shoulder and leaned away from me a bit, so I could reach into my pocket. By the time I found my pass and showed the conductor, the guy on the other side of the redhead had some cash in his hand. He paid for both of their tickets.

"Thanks," said the conductor. "Oh...we're experiencing some signal trouble tonight. The train ahead of us is already running half an hour late. So, there'll be some delays. Sorry about that."

"Doesn't matter," the other guy said cordially. "Any chance you can turn the heat up a little in this car, though?'

"Nope. Sorry. Heater's broken. Next car has better heat."

"I doubt that," I thought. As soon as I had put my wallet back in my pocket, the redhead had snuggled up against me even more firmly than before. Her head went back on my shoulder. My left side was heating up again.

The train crawled on. Ordinarily my foot would have been tapping the floor. I would have been looking out the window, anxious and annoyed at how long it was going to take to get home. But here I was, draped under a huge black cape with a complete stranger snuggled warmly against me and her...what...father? brother? boyfriend? sitting on the other side of her. I realized I no longer cared how long it would take to get home. I closed my eyes once again and took a deep breath, savoring that clean hair fragrance just inches from my nose.

Another "Ahhh," but this one was just a bit louder...a bit longer. Definitely not my imagination.

I opened my eyes. The train was pretty dark...probably related somehow to the broken heater. I glanced down at the cape covering the three of us and thought I noticed some movement in the lap area of my snuggling neighbor. And then the faint, but quite unmistakable sound of a zipper...unzipping. Movement now in the lap area of...well, probably not her father or brother.

The redhead shifted slightly, leaned forward a bit, then relaxed back in the seat. Yet again, she snuggled next to me. But this time her right hand found my left hand. A quick squeeze and she drew her hand away, leaving...oh, this can't be happening...a balled up pair of panties. It was hard to tell, being in complete shock and all, but I was willing to bet the panties were moist.

Now...I'm not that old, but due to some complications from recent prostate surgery – a radical prostatectomy, in fact – I had been suffering from erectile dysfunction for several months. I couldn't get it up...even with Viagra. Ordinarily, being draped under a large, black cape with a fresh-hair smelling redhead snuggled against me, who had just deposited her moist panties in my unexpecting hand, would have resulted in an instant, raging hard on. No erection...but I did experience an intense tingling in my groin.

I looked over at the redhead. Her head was tilted up toward me and her lips executed a perfect air kiss aimed directly at me. I focused my gaze at the boyfriend's lap area. Yup, definite up and down movement combined with the unmistakable evidence of a pole-like object under the cape. My eyes drifted to the redhead's lap. The movement was more subtle but I let my imagination conjure the image beneath the cape: the boyfriend's hand moving over her red curls...perhaps one or more fingers inserted between her parted lips.

Her right hand gripped my left thigh now. Pulsing gently. Rubbing slightly up and down. Her hand left my thigh and somehow found my right hand. She pulled it toward her and guided it under her sweater, urging me...no, insisting...that I fondle her breast. She gasped a little as my hand made contact. Not so much from passion, but more from how cold my hand was. But it warmed quickly...warmed to the touch of that skin...so smooth and soft, yet firm...especially the nipple...hard and pushing urgently into the palm of my hand. I had a relatively untested theory developed mostly from viewing pornographic photos on the Internet. I contend that women with large, hard nipples have a correspondingly large, hard clitoris.

I was trying to remember something about my theory when her right hand came back to my thigh, reaching higher until she was fondling my flaccid penis through my pants. I think she was a bit surprised, because her hand stopped for a moment, as if trying to determine if she had found the correct anatomy. Probably no prick had ever had the nerve to ignore her attention before. But apparently she had a determined nature...and it turned out she was an expert fondler. I forgot all about my theory. I pressed my face into the top of her head, into those luscious red curls, and inhaled deeply.

Meanwhile, the movements under the cape in her boyfriend's lap area increased dramatically. He moaned. He arched his back. And he apparently came all over her his pants...and the inside of his cape...and her hand. And he also apparently forgot all about what his own right hand had been doing. The movement in the redhead's lap had stopped completely. Well, not completely. She was squirming quite a bit and rubbing up against me more and more.

With her right hand still massaging my unresponsive manhood, she took her left hand and guided my hand from her stiff-nippled breast to her very moist pubic hairs. Her left hand was kind of wet and sticky from her boyfriend's spunk, so that was a little gross, but I quickly forgave her as she arched her hips up to meet my hand.

She was partially shaved and the remaining hairs were soft and curly. I closed my eyes and imagined what my hand looked like with those intimate red curls wrapping around each finger. I reached lower and parted her swollen lips, inserting my middle finger softly between the folds. I slowly caressed up and down, using her own abundant juices to lubricate the movement. Her clitoris was stiff and swollen and huge. My theory was correct! Each back and forth movement of my finger produced a soft moan from that beautiful mouth. I changed the up and down movement to a circular one and she wrapped her left arm around my neck and drew her lips to mine. The kiss was at once soft and wet and urgent and wanting. But in the back of my mind, I couldn't help but think about the boyfriend's spunk being rubbed into the back of my neck by her left hand. She was gripping me hard with that hand, pressing our lips together more firmly.

Somehow she managed to undue my belt, unzip my pants, and reach her hand down to make direct, skin-to-(incredibly warm and soft) skin contact with my semi-erect penis. I was hoping it wasn't her left hand. Semi-erect? After months of flaccidity, my surgically diminished manhood was starting to respond, starting to engorge with blood. I was nearly getting an erection!

I increased the circular motions on her large, hard clit...stopping suddenly and inserting my finger into what turned out to be an incredibly tight vagina. Her tongue shot into my mouth like a serpent, sending shivers of pleasure through my body. And she gasped. She slid her lips to my ear and whispered, "Oh, yes, that's it. Make me cum. Please. Make me cum."

Meanwhile her own hand was trying to whip up and down over my semi-soft (semi-hard...glass half full, glass half empty?) penis. Somehow, this had become a contest...to see who could make the other cum first. I increased the friction on her clit, picking up the tempo, alternating between more pressure and less. Her whispers in my ear were becoming unintelligible. "Oh...yessss...I'm gonna...oh god...don't..." Suddenly her body tensed and shuddered and she came. Spasm after spasm racked her tiny frame. I didn't stop, but continued to slowly massage her clit, which sent additional aftershock tremors through her body. She kissed my ear, kissed my cheek, kissed me on the lips again. Apparently it had been a good one for her. So good that she had forgotten to continue stroking my manhood. My neglected dick quickly lost its blood flow and withered in her palm. My balls and dick ached. I needed to cum...badly.

The redhead was certainly a trooper. Sensing my need, she slipped her head under the cape and nestled it in my lap. Her lips and tongue quickly found my penis: warm, soft, moist...incredibly pleasant sensations. Her expert sucking and licking was sort of bringing it back to life. In her current position, the redhead's beautiful ass (I couldn't actually see it under the cape, but I was picturing it as a beautiful ass...round, firm, smooth) was pushing up against the boyfriend. Apparently, he suffered no deficiencies in the erection area, because he shifted on his side slightly and as if his cock was radar-guided, he slid his new erection into the redhead's juicy pussy. She stopped sucking my cock momentarily and I felt her body spasm in yet another fucking orgasm. But she quickly recovered and urgently attacked my dick again. I could feel her body slamming forward with every thrust from the boyfriend behind her.

The redhead was an excellent cocksucker. Lips, tongue, suction, friction... I reached my left hand under her sweater and squeezed her left nipple. She shuddered yet again, but didn't stop slurping my cock. I looked down at this incredible action that I was magically a part of. Actually, I couldn't see a thing. Here we were, the boyfriend slamming his cock into the redhead's pussy from behind (but all I could see was the cape moving to the rhythm of his thrusts), and also under the cape the redhead gobbling up my you-could-just-barely-call-it-an-erect penis, sucking, creating a vacuum that I felt compelled to fill, and me fondling her left breast and pinching and tweaking her left nipple. Awesome. The realization of what was happening hit me like a sledgehammer and I suddenly erupted in her mouth...my orgasm coming on quickly and powerfully.

Now...after a radical prostatectomy, you don't shoot a load of spunk. That's because the prostate that supplies most of the spunk has been radically excised. And the vas deferens – the tubes connecting your balls to your penis – are disconnected...so you no longer serve up any little sperm cells either. But you can still orgasm, even without an erection. When you orgasm, however, all that you shoot out is a small amount of urine. In the dark, with her boyfriend slamming her pussy from behind and her reaching yet another damned orgasm, I don't think she even noticed the thin, watery ejaculate pulsing out of my cock. She certainly didn't realize she had just gotten a mouthful of urine. She knew that she had made me cum and that was her goal...so she was happy. Happier still when the boyfriend once again moaned, arched his back, and shot his load into her throbbing pussy.

Me? I was ecstatic. Shit like this NEVER happens to me. We all sort of sank back into the big train seat, leaned our heads against the backrest, and closed our eyes. If it had been light enough, and if there had been anyone else in the car, they would have seen three smiling faces.

I had just rezipped my pants and fastened my belt as the train started to pull into my station. I stood up and leaned over and kissed the top of the redhead's head...getting one last lungful of that wonderful scent...now mingled with the smell of sweat and sex.

"Listen," her smile was intoxicating...even after I'd cum, "We've never seen you on this train before, but this is the train that my brother and I usually take. Maybe we'll see you again?"

Suddenly, the thought of having to work late for the next several days on the team project didn't seem so awful. I'd be taking this train all week.

I smiled and said, "Never can tell..." trying to be as cool as I could be.

As I stepped from the train, it finally hit me what she had said... "...my brother and I..."

Holy shit!