 It was late afternoon on a week day and Peter was out of town for a business seminar so I thought that I might spend a few hours in the pool relaxing. While pouring myself a glass of my favorite white, I noticed yesterday's cleaner bag of his dress shirts laid over the back of a chair that I had forgot about so I decided to put them away.

A few moments later I found myself in his clothes closet, just kind of looking around and thinking about him and where to put that bundle of dress shirts. I seldom go in his walk in closet because we each have our own and he prefers his clothes laundered the certain way he feels that only he can accomplish and of course I'm happy with that arrangement.

I lifted and hooked the hangers on the rod and while separating them so they wouldn't wrinkle, I kind of looked around. There were his ties all hanging in the various color groups next to his suits that were sorted light to dark and his sports polo's and shorts that were all in a perfect pairing and then I noticed something out of the ordinary on top of the wire shelf in the corner to the left of his jewelry box. 

When I reached up to pull it down I recognized it to be a man's black silk dress hanky and an unidentified disk in a little cellophane wrapping that the hanky must have come in. The silk looked a bit soiled and as I unfolded it, it appeared a little crusty like the crotch of a woman's panty after she had worn them for a while.

I stepped out into our bedroom and slipped the disk in our player and turned on the T V. What I saw next literally made my moth drop open. 

Here's my husband Peter fucking the shit out of my friend Mary and before I could turn it off, there was Don doing me doggie style. I would have thought this to be a cruel joke or a product of some form of a date rape drug but from the audio both Mary and I were constantly cuming and begging for more like a couple of porn stars and now I couldn't take my eyes off the screen.

At the conclusion, Don was explaining to Peter how to use the hanky that I now held in my hand, to collect vaginal juice and orders for some kind of sick trophy. Instantly I was angered, bewildered and confused and I started to cry. I needed to get my thoughts together, I felt that a course of action was in order but I didn't know what course, but I did know that I had to calm down.

I started to dial Mary, but canceled the call until I decided what I should actually say to her. I went out to the pool, took a lounger in the shade and sipped my wine trying to calm down and quit shaking.

Near the end of the first bottle, it dawned on me and I'm sure that it wasn't all from the effects of the wine, but I knew that I had to address a few hard facts:

1) How in the world can I find this that offensive due to the fact that I (we) were enjoying the sex and literally being pleasured over and over to the point of an afterglow, besides the morning after I remember literally waking and feeling freaky marvelous. A feeling that lasted for many hours.

2) Though this whole promiscuous sharing thing is something I would never permit ordinarily, the fact that I was obviously under the influence of something, removed the moral burden of being wildly pleased by multiple partners along with any associated guilt of me being shared by my husband.

3) If I (we) were to play our cards right, we could basically manipulate each future scenario to include any partner we had ever fantasized about, right in front of our husbands and with their approval and all the while them thinking that it was their Idea and they would never be the wiser.

Never be the wiser, never be the wiser, that phrase stuck in my head and as I started to become aroused thinking of all of the guiltless sex that I could have, all of this became so overwhelming to me, I knew that I needed a way to recruit Mary in this big scheme of future sexual possibilities.

I decided to invite her over and to feed her enough wine (grapes and cheese) prior to telling her about our husband's antics, hoping it would help to calm her reactions much as it did mine. 

When I phoned, she said "that sounds perfect Jess, Don is out with some businessmen on his monthly six hour golf-o-thon, so I'll grab my suit and come right over" and I opened another bottle and set the stage at our family room's entertainment theater.

After she arrived and had her first glass, I told her that I had something a bit controversial to show her but only if she promised to keep an open mind. When she asked me what It was, I handed her the little cellophane pack containing the soiled hanky and that disk and said, "pull it out and unfold it."

As she complied, I asked her to please just watch and try not to comment until after she had seen everything. She grinned and said, "now you have my full undivided attention" and I hit play.

Mary took in everything that was displayed on the flat screen and listened to every sound and word and when it ended she looked down at the stained silk in her hand and said, "that bastard!"

Before she could react any further, I said "Take a moment and think of the possibilities that we have in front of us Mary. Look at the pleasure we had without even knowing it."

Mary responded, "that's the damn problem, it was done without us even knowing it, that bastard!"

And I responded, "That's my point exactly, we could never and would never have that type of fun and pleasure if we knew about it without feeling like sluts or guilty, or any other endless amounts of taboo pressures spawned by this type of thing."

Mary asked, "what do you mean, exactly?"

I said, "say we play along next time, but avoid whatever it is that they gave us without them knowing it."

Mary asked, "and what will that give us?"

I immediately fired back, "carnal pleasures without boundaries and the hassles and pressures of all the stigma associated with wives having as good a sexual time as their husbands seem to always want, and no and I mean no regrets the morning after. Mary, we can even suggest other couples for those evenings our husbands plan these antics or better yet, their single friends if they bite on it. Wasn't it you that told me not too very long ago you would like to jump the bones of that eighteen year old jock student that lives next door?"

Mary said, "yes but that was just a fantasy, I really don't need as much sex as Don always seems to want."

I reacted, "Mary, it's not whether you do or don't need it, it's the pressures and hassles associated with it. Without any of that, wouldn't you enjoy it more and more often?"

I hit play again and fast forwarded to the part where my husband Peter had his finger deep in her ass making her scream in orgasm and pant like a puppy then I said, "you just didn't know you needed it, but it sure looks to me like you're loving it. Come on Mary, let's give it a ride, one time, what do you say?"

Mary asked, "how are we ever going to get them to do that again, let alone bring in other players?"

And I answered, "their stupid and selfish men, the power of suggestion is all we'll need."

Mary thought for a moment, sniffed her scent off of the silk hanky and said, "fuck um, let's do it." 

I said, "well, first we have to figure out how whatever it was that made us act like that was administered to us."

Mary said, "damn ... The wine, they put that shit it in our wine!"

I said, "well if we want to know we're having that kind of fun the next time, we need to figure out a way to act as if we've taken it without actually taking it. That shouldn't be too terribly hard, now should it?"

Mary responded, "hell no, it shouldn't, again, let's do it, agreed?"

I responded, "that's exactly what I was hoping you'd say and the reason that I called you over here for today. Pact?"

Mary agreed, "yes we've got a pact."

We changed into our bikinis and went out to enjoy the pool and another glass of wine.

That evening Peter called from his seminar to check on me and ask me how things were going. I told him fine, then asked, "would you like to get together with Don ad Mary when you get back? We seemed to have such a good time with them the last time we were together."

Before I finished the word 'together' Peter blurted out, "hell yes, that was a great time!" and I knew the hook was set.

Then he said, "hey Jessie, sorry I have to let you go, there's something that I need to attend to" and I knew that that meant calling Don to arrange their next night of unbridled sex with us.

Within the hour, Mary called and said that Don just got home from the 19th hole a little tipsy and suggested dinner and a hot tub for this coming Saturday evening and I said, "imagine that?" 

Friday morning while our husbands were at work, Mary phoned and asked what I thought of the idea of having her young next door neighbor Kyle pop in on us when we're in the midst of the action on Saturday and I said, "how are you going to get him to do that?" 

Mary said that she had been giving a lot of thought to what we talked about and it kept her a bit excited and she thought that maybe if we timed it right she could give him a time to show up to give her a quote on cleaning the pool and hot tub or yard work or something like that and asked what my feelings and thoughts would be and if I would mind if she had that happened.

I asked, "so let me get this straight, you're suggesting that when the boys get us to what they think is under the influence and all naked, this kid shows up, catches them in the act and to keep him quiet they bring him in on it? What if he just backs out and tells his folks everything, wouldn't that ruin it for us?"

Mary answered, "Jessica, he's eighteen and full of testosterone and whatever protein supplements his coaches feed him, what do you think?"

I foolishly asked, "is he really all that good looking?"

And Mary answered, "Jess, he looks like a statue of a Greek figure you see in the art museums!"

Saturday couldn't have come fast enough for Mary and I, we both purchased new string bikinis for easy access and we both had pedicures and our nails done together that morning, but I was starting to get a little nervous over how to fake drinking the wine. 

As we pulled up to their house around four, I recognized the familiar smell of Don's charcoal grill and Mary met us at the door with a see through scarf like wrap over her bikini and as I handed her the two bottles of wine I noticed Peter giving her the once over while grinning from ear to ear. I can remember thinking that if it's that obvious for the men, pulling this off will be a piece of cake.

After dinner, Don got out two rocks glasses and asked Peter if he would like a bourbon and turned to us and said, "more wine Ladies?" and he sat two new glasses in front of him from the cabinet and we both knew the fix was in.

Mary said. "come on Jessie lets go out and start the bubbles and grab a seat and enjoy this wine while the hot tub comes up to temp and we both excused ourselves, emptied about half of our wine in the grass and had a seat while waiting on the boys.

About eight minutes or so later we heard the patio door slide open and then closed and we knew we were on. Peter said, "did we give them enough time?" 

And we heard Don ask, "are you two girls comfortable?" and we both fake slurred that we were.

Don put on the soft music like the last time we were over and Peter turned on the little cool breeze machine and they each grabbed a barstool cushion and plopped them down next to us and started to caress and fondle us through our bikinis.

As we started to respond to their touch and our breathing started to quicken, Peter said, " with your permission we would like to help you out of these garments so we can better service your needs?"

Without much of a response other than a sigh and a moan from each of us, we felt each other's husband untie our bikinis and gently pull them out from under us.

Don was a little more patient with me this time and I could feel myself sort of melting in the moment as he petted, felt and fondled me and as I felt his hand move between my thighs just above my knees, I instinctively parted my legs for him. 

When I peeked over at Mary, I could see that Peter was gently working and kneading her breasts, then both men stood and stripped out of their swim trunks and I could tell from their erections that they were enjoying us as much if not more that we were enjoying them.

Just at the time a shadow came over my face and I felt the pre-cum wet tip of Don's penis contact my lips, came the loud sound of a wooden gate slamming and the metal clanking of a latch closing and Don jumped back.

Then I heard the worried voice of a much younger man say, "I'm so sorry, I can see this is a bad time."

Before either totally surprised husband could respond, Mary said, "oh no Kyle, we're just enjoying being serviced, please stay and join in."

Poor unsuspecting Kyle started to reply, "well maybe I'd better." and I cut him off.

I slurred, "oh no young man, you're already in and past the point of no return, I am sure that Peter and Don won't mind if you join them." 

There was an awkward moment of silence and Don looked at Peter and said, "well, what do you think?" 

Peter said, "son, if you can keep a secret then maybe you can stay. If you decide to stay and any of this gets out, the consequences will be something you will never in your young life want to deal with."

Kyle, still staring at our naked bodies now had an obvious lump in the front of his trunks and he said, "if you allow me to stay for a while, I will never breath a word of any of this, to anyone, ever. You have my word, I swear to you."

Mary said, "good, now come stand between us and remove your trucks so Jessie and I can see what you have there."

What he had, was a lean young body with little or no hair, a flat ripped six-pack stomach and the slightest hint of a hard little butt. His penis was long and it hovered straight out, up and to his left over a quite impressive sized set of balls and I knew in that instant that Mary was right, he did look like a Greek statue.

Don said, "hold on partner, back it down a notch, there are certain ground rules here that have to be followed. No ejaculating anywhere but in their mouths, very gentle handling so nothing is raw or soar the next day and as you leave here, it's as if nothing ever happened. Understood?"

Kyle replied, "yes thank you, I swear, thank you!"

Peter said, "then grab a cushion off of that barstool and join us, oh and by the way, this is being recorded so if you intend to fuck us, don't."

Two seconds later I was tasting the sweetest dick since my prom night and though he was trying not to be over anxious from his youth, I had to hold him back a little to keep from chocking on his shear length.

Peter said, "don't get ahead of yourself and cum too fast, Mary needs a taste of you too and if you pace yourself, you can enjoy our lovely ladies for a couple of hours rather than a few minute." 

Kyle responded, "we'll do." 

Kyle was hard and long and it was so cute and rewarding the way that he savored the sensations of entering our pussies missionary style. He loved our taste and scent and he took it from everywhere on our much more mature bodies as he worked in, among and around our two husbands in a contrast of sexual prowess we couldn't have achieved without him.

This third person eventually gave us the opportunities of double penetrations and what Peter referred to as spit roasting, but every second was tender, slow and never hurried so as to not jeopardize the morning after that would ultimately lead to them being found out. 

For the next two or so hours Mary and I were sexually pleasured by three men in every way and what made it so exciting was the fact that we had no need for the pressures of guilt and remorse and our husbands could never look down on or feel ill toward us in any way because as far as they would ever know, it was all their doing and in their minds, we were oblivious to their actions. 

Young Kyle shared the sweet flavor of his conclusion with both Mary and I the best he could and our husbands saw to it that he left us with two soiled silk hankies and as he thanked them he told us that this was something he would keep to himself but never forget.

The next Morning I woke Peter by softly and gently stroking his hard penis, when he rolled toward me and asked me what was up, I said, "you, and Peter I had the greatest dream of being sexually pleased beyond belief. Did you make love to me last night, I have no telltale signs of it but I am quite content."

Peter told me that his main focus was to please me and he didn't take the time for himself because he wanted me happy so I turned back the covers and gave him the best oral sex of his life, thinking the whole time about a boy who looks like a Greek statue.