 My story begins thirty plus years ago when I was an innocent teenager. Were I stayed had very little excitement for a teenage girl, far less a naïve one (which I was). My weekends were spent staying at home watching TV and reading romantic slush. Althoughan eighteen year old i didnt like the pub scene so my only encounter with the young scene was a once a month opportunity to go along to a youth club disco held at a nearby village, but even then there wasn't much in the way on stunning local studs to attract me. At these dances you could only buy soft drinks, and apart from the music there was not much going for it (I often wondered why I bothered going). Well this Saturday I again ventured along with my neighbor girlfriend, and again danced to the same music from the amateur DJ who helped run the event for the youth club. This night though someone had sneaked along some vodka and we spent the night making visits to the toilets to fill up our glasses. By the end of the evening we were quite merry (in fact I was really drunk) and very carefree. My friend hooked up with a young lad and before I knew she disappeared leaving me to try and find my own way home. Being that the village hall was four miles from the town I stayed and no buses I would have to walk the country road or try and find a phone box to get taxi. 

My dilemma was to be answered by one of the stewards(John) who were supposed to be looking after the event, I knew him vaguely as one of my brothers acquaintances and he, seeing the state I had gotten myself into said he would drive me home once he had tidied up the hall. I sat in the cloakroom at the front of the building (my head spinning with the vodka) till he was ready. I joined him with two of his mates (bill and Eric) who were also getting a lift in his car and we proceeded back to town. Being unused to drinking I was feeling queasy and asked him to stop a couple of times as we drove back, although I was not sick I felt bad. He suggested that maybe I had better sober up before he took me to my house, so proceeded to his home were he said he would get me some coffee to help me get back to normal. At his house we all got out and went into the living room where I collapsed onto the sofa. His Bill and Eric flopped onto armchairs and John went to kitchen and made some coffee. While he waited for the kettle to boil he came back and put on some bluesy music (can't remember what, only it was low and slow). 

Once we all had our coffee he sat next to me on sofa and was speaking to the others about their work or something. The music was low and he got up and switched on a table lamp and got up and switched off room light. There was an open fire going in heath and I felt warm and comfortable. I could hear them talking but the vodka had numbed my senses and I didn't notice his arm cross behind me on my shoulders. As time passed he slowly drew me closer to him and because of the drink or the atmosphere I snuggled up close. Next thing I knew he was kissing me and being naive I responded, oblivious to the others being in the some. I was aware of someone changing the record but the mood stayed the same. The kissing grew more passionate and I was glowing as I had never kissed anyone like this before. His hand held me tight and I felt safe. Slowly I felt my breasts being massaged first through my top then a hand slipped under the material and warm fingers crawled up reaching my bra before running round my back to unfasten the clasp. Although I was still immature my breasts were a good C cup and as his hand squeezed under the straps releasing each one from their pockets. John's fingers slowly started to pinch at my now erect nipples and twirl them around as the seemed to grow and grow with each stroke. I felt strangely content. With each stroke he had eased my top up uncovering my white breasts and before I realised it they were both exposed to the world. Taken aback I was about to cover them, but his mouth replaced his fingers and he started sucking hard on my erect nipples, his tongue rasping over each and he furiously swapped from one to the other. 

Ecstasy overtook me and the thrill of this new experience seemed to fill me with joy (or maybe the earlier vodka) and I was enjoying every minute. I didn't notice when he had unclasped my jeans but his had had now moved down and was mingling in curls of my pussy hair, although shocked at this I felt no need to resist as I was in heaven. Slowly my jeans edged down and I even lifted my bottom to allow them to slide down taking my knickers with them. As they passed my knees I kicked my feet to hurry them down. Parting my legs I could feel the wetness of my pussy as Johns fingers toyed with the lips before inching inside me. His actions were so natural and his furious sucking of my nipples never halted. He momentarily removed his fingers from my pussy and took my hand, guiding it to his groin, where I was greeted by his cock, erect and pulsing. (I must have been well consumed with my encounter as I don't know when he had opened his trousers) Slowly he eased my hand to clasp his cock gentle making me slide it up and down before leaving me to continue his invasion of my pussy. Sliding my hand back and fore I could feel his foreskin stretching as it uncovered his knob. My rhythm became faster mimicking his finger action inside my pussy. His mouth detached from my breasts and he mumbled something before latching my mouth in a deep frenzied kiss, tongues writhing in each other's mouths. 

I could feel the juice running down my thighs as pace heightened my pulse racing as my pussy muscles tried to clench his fingers, by now my face was burning with the heat of the room and also the heat of the occasion. Finally I managed to kick off my shoes and jeans and knickers as John maneuvered my full stretch on the sofa, his jeans joining mine in the floor. Removing my hand from his cock he gently eased the pulsing member into my pussy. Maybe my hymen had been broken using tampons or maybe it was because I was so wet, but his cock slide in without any pain only joy. Slowly he ground back and for building up pace as he seemed to become engorged even more, before finally shuddering to a climax, emptying his hot cum deep into my welcoming pussy. As the realisation of what had just happened came upon me, suddenly I was aware of Bill and Eric standing over us with their trousers and pants off and cocks erect. Before I had chance to protest John moved aside letting Bill move onto position, thrusting deep into my now very wet pussy. He started a rhythm before I knew what was going on and I just accepted it for what was happening. His cock seemed thicker than Johns (as if I would have known the difference) but his actions were slower and steadier as he thrust in and out. Meanwhile I felt my top being pulled over my head to reveal me now completely naked to all (as if it made any odds now) .Eric biting down on my breasts sometimes painfully as he joined in the fun. Pulling my nipples out with his teeth before plunging back down on my breast to re-bite and suck hard. 

Bill's pace continued for what seemed ages before finally grinding deep with a flourish to empty his ball deep inside me. His release signaled Eric to unlatch from his grip on my breasts and take up were Bill left deep inside my pussy. This time I was unable to resist what was happening and don't know if it was tears of pain or joy as he pounded in and out of the well lubed love box. As he rode me, John and Bill had latched on to my breasts on side, chewing and sucking as I writhed beneath Eric. With a flourish Eric came and came and came, each pump of his hips empting his spunk deep inside joining the earlier deposits. 

All three now satisfied they dressed leaving me sprawled naked in a trance. Probably five to ten minutes passed before I summoned the energy to move, my breasts aching and covered in bite marks. Pussy feeling raw and very tender and cum drying as it runs from my lips. Still a bit dopey from the earlier drinking I dress, ignoring the three as the sit and watch. John asks if I enjoyed myself and I shrug my shoulders and go to kitchen for drink of water. When I come back in room only John speaks saying that it is too late to take me home now and will drive my home on couple of hours when daylight. Four hours since we arrived at his house, and secretly I enjoyed every minute. Didn't say where I'd been when I got home and nobody asked. Never had gang bang since but sometimes think back and say yes if the times right I might.