 Two weeks ago I moved house and last week as I was still sorting through all the boxes trying to decide what should go where, I thought it would be nice to christen my new home. So as I sat cross legged on the floor, putting books away, my mind wandered as to whom I should invite round to do the honours. 

I have moved into a three bed roomed semi detached house with two downstairs reception rooms. Oh that's a lot of rooms for just one guy!! The smallest box bed room houses my computer and books. That is where I am sat now, typing this on my newly installed desk top.

I'll admit I'm a bit of a 'girlie' when it comes to my computer and anything technical, so I was having a few problems getting everything re-connected after the move. Well that is what I told Andrew when I called him up on the Tuesday afternoon at half one. He said he'd come round on his way home from work, about half five. As the day had been warm I wore only a long T-shirt, which reached mid thigh. Below which I had a pair of pale of blue lacy knickers and matching bra. My hair was loosely tied back in a pony tail.

I continued to stack books and files on the shelves and was surprised when I heard the door bell ring. I ran down the stairs and opened the door to find Andrew stood there.

"It's not half five already is it?" I asked as I stood aside to let him in.

"Nope it's about four my meeting finished early so I thought I'd knock off early."

"Would you like a drink?" I asked as I pointed towards the kitchen.

"Oh no thanks you wouldn't believe the amount of coffee I've drunk this afternoon."

"Well I wasn't thinking of coffee, but maybe later eh? I said as I led the way up the stairs.

"Nice legs....." he murmured. As I turned he grinned at me. "Oh did I say that aloud?"

We went into the box room and he sat on the floor next to a pile of cables, as he did so I sat on the computer chair.

"Oh this is a lovely mess." He said as he began to sort through all the bits. "This won't take us too long."

As I sat on the chair I slowly swivelled it from side to side.

"Do you realise that is very distracting?" He asked as he lay on the floor and connected cables to the back of the tower.

"Oh really I never even thought about it," I smiled at him as he peered back at me from the floor. "Really, well that does surprise me. Come over here and help out." He requested. "Take these cables from me please."

I stood next to his head, legs slightly apart and leant over the desk to reach the cables he was passing up. My t-shirt rose as I did so, giving him a glimpse of my pale blue thong. He got to his feet and stood back from me. I looked at him over my shoulder as I asked.

"What do I do with these?"

"Hang on and I'll take them from you." He answered as he moved towards me. Instead of taking the cables, he raised my shirt up over my ass and slapped it. "Sorry couldn't resist that."

As I went to turn he moved in close behind me, pressing me against the desk. I could feel his hard prick through the material of his trousers, throbbing. He took the cables and connected them. He then wound my t-shirt up in the small of my back and held it there, keeping me pinned to the desk. He bent down and started to kiss the cheeks of my ass, and then he took playful bites at them. His free hand slid down between my legs.

"Spread them...."

I did as requested and his hand stroked my pussy lips through the material of my thong. He pulled my thong tightly up between my pussy lips and then eased it out with his fingers.

"Oh so wet...."

He undid his trousers, with his free hand and allowed them to drop to the floor. He then released his throbbing prick from his boxers, and rubbed it over my ass. He then slapped my ass with his hard prick and teased along my pussy lips. He then eased it slightly between my lips but didn't penetrate me. 

I tried to push back to get his lovely hard prick in my pussy, but he pulled back and slapped my ass again. Then suddenly he thrust hard into me, taking my breath away, before withdrawing completely. 

"Is that want you wanted?" He asked as he leans over me. 

As I turn my head to reply, his mouth fastened onto mine. His tongue thrust as deep into my mouth as his prick had just been in my pussy. He finished the kiss and then again thrust his hard prick into my pussy. He moved his hand from my back and supported himself on the desk as he slowly thrust in and withdrew from me. The long deep strokes caressing my G spot each time.

I slipped my hands between my legs and stroked his balls each time he completed his thrust, my other hand was rubbing my hard little clit. He took hold of my hips and started to fuck me harder and faster, pulling me back with each thrust. I pushed back at the same time trying to get more of him into me. Before long he was close to coming, he withdrew from me and came over my ass. He rubbed his prick against my ass, and then rubbed his cum into my cheeks. I stood and he again kisses me deeply.

"Fuck that was good."

"Oh yes very good. Would you like a shower?"

"Mmmm please, I am a little warm." He replied as he smiled at me.

"I'll go and start it running."

He watched as I walked across the landing to the bathroom. I was aware of my shirt sticking to my damp cum covered ass. I drew the curtain along the rail and turned the shower, the sound of running water made me need a wee. Just as I pushed the door closed for a bit of privacy and sat on the toilet, he pushed the door open. He was naked and held his semi-erect prick in his left hand.

"Suck this....." he demanded as he stood in front of me, his right hand going to the back of my head. I stroked his balls as he fucked my mouth, forcing himself deep into my mouth. I took the whole of his length and lightly grated my teeth along his shaft as he withdrew on several occasions.

He released my head and moved away, pulling the curtain back slightly on the bath.

"In you get....."

I did so, he followed me and as he did he raised the curtain so that when he then said... "Put your feet on the side of the bath either side of me."

...it didn't pull off the rings. I sighed as my back hit the still cold tiles behind me. I was then wedged with my feet on the edge of the bath and him between my legs. He slid his now hard prick into my hot pussy and started to fuck me, as the hot water coursed down over our bodies. He licked and sucked my nipples as he continued to thrust his hard prick in and out of me. I ran my fingers through his short cropped hair and then tilted his head back in order that I could kiss him, biting at his lips as he fucked harder. I bent my legs and slid down the wall a bit, this enabled him to get deeper. With each thrust I wriggled my mound against him, caressing my clit against the base of his hard prick.

As we both started to come, I altered the temperature control and the water cooled as we both came at the same time.

That was the first two rooms christened.

The next day, Wednesday, I was sorting my stuff in the kitchen; well I was actually sorting through the stuff the previous owners had left. Guarantees, warranties and various receipts most were out of date and useless, but then I came across a key. There was a parcel label attached that told it was the garden shed key. Intrigued by this I decided to investigate the shed. I slipped my feet into my flip flops and my phone into the pocket of my joggers. I picked up a can of wd40 that had yet to find a home and put it in my other pocket. I locked the back door and put that key in my pocket too.

As I neared the bottom of the garden the rain that had held off the rest of the morning started lightly to fall. The lock was stiff but eased with the wd40. I opened the door and peered inside. It was a bit dark because of an old piece of hessian over the window and the clouds building yet further. I stepped in, taking the padlock with me and pulling the door closed. 

There was a work bench on which stood a basket that held an assortment of balls. Hanging on a hook in the wall were two hockey sticks and a forlorn looking tennis racquet. I smiled to myself as it bought back memories of my childhood, when a group of us used to sneak into the school grounds at weekends and into the equipment shed. Before any of us realised what we were doing: getting naked and doing dares; rubbing our bodies against one another.

The rain then started in earnest, thundering against the roof of the shed. Now I love the rain and think there is something truly erotic about it. So that and the surprising memories had aroused me. I'd just slipped my hand down the front of my joggers when my phone rang, making me jump. I laughed at myself as I answered it.

"Hi there"

"Oh you sound all husky. What are you up to? On second thoughts don't answer that..... Are you in as I've knocked and there was no answer?" The voice on the other end queried. It belonged to Grant.

"I'm in the shed; I'll be there in few moments."

I left the shed and re-padlocked it. I ran up the garden, in the teeming rain, trying to miss the puddles in my flip flops. By the time I reached the house I was drenched, Grant was waiting for me by the door in a waterproof jacket.

"Ah the drowned cat look......very nice," he laughed as he looked at me.

I unlocked the door and let us both into the kitchen and then turned the key in the lock. He raised his eyebrows at me.

"It's habit so no-one comes in and takes advantage of me." I said as he removed his coat and hung it on the door handle. He was wearing a pair of cargo trousers and a t shirt over which he wore an open shirt.

He moved closer to me and stroked my erect nipples through my wet t shirt. His hands slid down my sides and he proceeded to raise my shirt over my head. "No bra......" he observed as he bent down taking each nipple in my mouth and caressing my breasts with his free hand. His lips were warm against my cold skin. As he continued to kiss and caress my breasts, I shivered. He stood upright, removed his shirt and put it around my shoulders. I slipped my arms into the sleeves, it was warm from his body and I could smell his aftershave on it.

He then proceeded to lower my joggers.

"......and you've no panties either." He smiled as he added, "You deserve to be taken advantage of." 

He lifted me onto the breakfast bar and then pulled the two stools out from underneath. He raised my left foot to the first chair, rubbing his hands up the entire length of my leg, to warm it, stopping just short of my mound. He then repeated the action with my right leg.

He then lowered his head and kissed each breast again before leaving a trail of kisses down my stomach to my mound. His tongue then sought out my clit; it hardened under the constant flicking of his tongue. I leant back and enjoyed the sensation. He then stroked my pussy lips with his fingers and inserted two into my pussy, searching out my G spot. I sighed as he found it. He gently continued to stroke it whilst his tongue still licked at my clit.

He stood up and his thumb replaced his tongue on my clit. I could feel my orgasm building and leant forward to kiss him. I could taste myself on his mouth and lips as I kissed him. We continued to kiss as he bought me moaning to an orgasm.

"Oh wow." I sighed as he put his arms around me and lifted me off the side.

"I'm glad you enjoyed it." He said as he hugged me with his hands below the shirt, caressing my back as he did so. I could feel his hardness pushing against me.

I turned him round and stood in front of him; slowly undressed him; kissing and caressing him as I did so. He started to protest but I silenced him with my kisses. I gently pushed him down onto one of the stools, and then I took his long slim prick in my hand and started to caress him. He sighed as I bent down and licked the head. I then took his full length into my mouth, licking and sucking.

I varied taking the whole length into my mouth, with just taking the head and flicking it with my tongue. I stroked his balls with my free hand. As I quickened the pace sucking him off, I stroked the skin between his balls and his anus, applying just a little pressure. He moaned as I again took hold of his balls, I felt them contract as he started to come. He filled my mouth and I swallowed it all up, sucking him dry.

"Oh wow." He sighed with a grin copying my earlier exclamation.

That was three rooms christened.

Well Thursday night was ruled out of any erotic activities as the girls were coming over to help me sort out the sacks and boxes full of clothes and shoes that had moved with me.

Claire and Sarah came round about seven just as I was upending the final packet of chips into a bowl.

"Oh you've got snacks." Claire said as she walked through to the kitchen, "We've got wine."

"So have I, so it should be a giggle this evening."

I handed the two bowls, one of nuts and the other of chips, to Sarah; took the two bottles of wine from Claire and put them in the fridge, replacing the two I removed; then handed them to Claire. I then picked up the three wine glasses and corkscrew that were on the unit.

"Ok girls, I think we are set for this expedition....follow me." And I led the way upstairs to the front bedroom.

It is the second bedroom and has been fitted with mirrored wardrobes.

"Oh my god." Sarah exclaimed, "How much stuff?"

A huge grin spread across her face as she emptied four sacks in the middle of the room.

"My dreams have come true." She continued as she started to rummage through the stuff.

"What's that?" Claire asked and with a wink at me finished, "emptying four sacks in one night."

We all laughed as she threw a hat at the latter.

"Hey hey mind the wine...."

I took the bottles from Claire and filled the glasses, before standing the bottles next to the snacks that Sarah had put on the floor. 

"A toast," Sarah said picking up a glass, "To many happy times."

"Oh it's been very good so far this week."

"Tell....." Both the others chorused together. So I regaled them of my previous two days. As I did so, we sat on the floor drinking the wine and sorting through the stuff that Sarah had tipped out.

About half an hour and two bottles of wine later, we were all feeling a bit merry. Claire grabbed a box and tipped its contents out.

"Where on earth did this come from?" She asked holding up a PVC peephole bra and wiggling her fingers through the holes.

"Well you remember Sven....." I replied sheepishly

"You didn't?" Sarah queried, "....but where does that and this come into it?" she asked as she picked up the matching crotch less knickers. 

"What can I say? He liked a few kinky things.....there was a bit more to it than just those two bits."

I laughed as both the girls rummaged through the rest of the contents to try and find the rest of the item. Their heads were together and they were whispering. When they both sat back Sarah said.

"We've decided a game of truth or dare is in order to get the details....."

"Ok but let me go and get the other 2 bottles of wine first." I clambered to my feet and quickly returned with the bottles. 

"So who is going first?" I asked as I sat back down on the floor, opening the first bottle.

"You can ask first." They said together.

"Claire, truth or dare?"

"Err I think I'll go for a dare."

"I dare you to put on these." I smiled as I picked up the bra and panties. 

"Awwww that's not fair. You're supposed to start with innocent questions and work up to things like this." She pouted

Although she then stood up and lowered her jeans, revealing, as she wore no knickers, her smooth mound. She slipped her legs into the panties and slowly, provocatively slid them up her legs. She then took off her t shirt and unclipped her bra. She then put the PVC one on. Now Claire is a good two cup sizes bigger than me, but she squeezed herself into it and even teased her nipples erect in order that they poked through the holes. She then sat on the floor, leaning back legs akimbo, so we got see her pink pussy lips.

"Is this how you want me?" She asked in her best impression of me, before falling into a fit of giggles. In which both Sarah and I joined her.

"Right I think it's my turn to ask." Claire looked between the two of us. 

"Sarah, truth or dare?"

"Truth I think." She answered.

"Where's the riskiest place you've had sex?

"Oh that would be at my sisters wedding last year, when I fucked Chris outside the marquee during the speeches. Debs, truth or dare?"

"Dare." I replied as I had a feeling that truth was expected of me and that it would have involved Sven.

She picked up half a dozen peanuts and dropped them into Claire's cleavage.

"Go fishing......no hands"

I leant forward and buried my face in Claire's cleavage, my tongue darting out, trying to catch the peanuts before they fell further between her ample breasts. She sighed slightly as my tongue ran over her globes. I cupped her breasts in my hands, caressing them as I did so. She sighed again as I ran my thumbs over her protruding nipples.

I ran my head down across her stomach to where her pink pussy lips protruded from the crotch-less panties and tweaked them between my fingers before sliding one finger between her pussy lips.

"What would Paul say if he knew you were enjoying this?" I asked as I looked up into her eyes.

"Fuck what Paul thinks, just don't stop." She replied huskily, as I continued to stroke her pussy.

"Lay down." I told her. As she did so I pushed her legs apart and knelt between them. 

I then lowered my mouth to her pink pussy and licked their full length. She shivered as I did so. I eased the panties to one side and slipped my tongue between her lips, she was wet. I looked towards Sarah; her hand was stroking her pussy through her leggings. Claire followed my gaze.

"Take your leggings off and come here Sarah." She requested.

Sarah removed her legging and we both caught sight of her current decoratively cut pubic hair. This time she was sporting heart shapes trimmed into her hair. She moved over to Claire and without further invitation straddled her face. I resumed licking and sucking Claire's pussy, her sighs and moans now muffled by the girl who sat on her face.

Claire started to lick and suck at Sarah's pussy and Sarah wriggled to get her tongue deeper.

"Lets play follow the leader." I suggested to both girls as I slipped two fingers into Claire's pussy. She proceeded to do the same to Sarah.

I then took her pussy lips between my own lips and sucked, pulling at them, I was rewarded by the sigh that escaped Sarah as she experienced the same.

I continued to flick her clit with my tongue, as I inserted the third finger into her very wet pussy. I massaged the front wall of her vagina, knowing I'd found her G-spot, when her back arched. I slowed the caressing until she had found Sarah's G-spot, which was met with a shudder. Then I gradually built up the pace stroking her with my fingers and watched as she writhed on the floor with the second girl writhing on her face as both of them neared their orgasms.

Sarah was the first to reach hers and she squealed as she came, she then rolled off of Claire and started to suck her nipples as I continued to stroke her and again suck at her clit. 

"Oh fuck fuck fuck." She screamed as she came. She sat up and continued "That was amazing, where did you learn to do that?"

"Sven....." I replied as looked from one flushed face to the other. They both laughed.

As we were just finishing the wine and the other two girls were getting dressed, the door bell rang. I looked at each, both still in a state of undress.

"I'll go will I?" I asked as I got up and left the room. 

I answered the door to Paul.

"You two better stop messing around up there, it's your chauffeur." I called up before planting a kiss on his lips. "Hello Paul."
