 Adam was an okay guy to look at, I guess. He tried to make his ego bigger by flashing his cock to Ellie and I on a regular basis, looking for us to comment on how big he was. He wasn't a bad size: 7 or 8 inches, at least. He was about 5'8", a jock with a fair build and shaggy blonde hair, hazel eyes, and a nose and chin that both jutted out too much for my liking. When I saw Ellie beside him I always asked myself what my best friend saw in him. Sure, he was a great guy to be around - funny, trustworthy, all those things a girl looks for - and he was 2 years older than us, but with her looks she deserved so much better.

Ellie was only a month older than me, which made both of us at the time of the 'secret revealing' 18-years-old. At 5'1", her C-cup breasts and fair-sized, but flat, ass hardly seemed as small as they were, with no help from her push-up bras that were always a cup smaller than her breasts and the stretchy pants she always wore. She had a small face to match her height, heart-shaped with wide hazel eyes and smooth lips the colour of pale rose. Her hair before she turned 17 always seemed to be changing colour - at one point she had neon orange and pink chunks in it - but eventually she grew out of it and settled on her natural, chestnut brown hair. With her naturally tanned skin she was incredibly pretty, and I'll admit that at times I looked at her with more than just adoration on a friend level.

I suppose I fall somewhere between my two friends when it comes to looks, even though I've always been told I'm a stunning woman. About 5'6", I have a hard time grasping how curvy I really am. My breasts, which never seem to stop growing, are between a D and a DD. From there my small waist and practically huge hips and ass fill out my hourglass figure, my legs and arms quite toned from biking and volleyball playing. I've never been able to get a good tan, so I'm always between having 'perfect' skin between creamy peach and light brown. My eyes are probably my favourite feature: baby blue, but if you look close there's a ring of light violet around my pupils, and because my lashes are so dark and thick I rarely have to use mascara. I have a 'cute' nose, so I've been told, that kind of sticks up a tiny bit and isn't too wide, but not too thin, and my lips are a mix between cherry and rosy pink, full and kissable, though my bottom one protrudes a little bit. To put my whole physical appearance together I have thick, wavy hair that's kind of a light dirty blonde and has never been coloured, cut just above my shoulders. Though I've always been told I'm gorgeous, I haven't dated much. One or two guys here and there. And this means next to no sexual experience. At least, it did, until I encountered my best friends' secret that one day.

* * * 

"Come on, Gracie!" 

My hand was being tugged at rather hard as I was pulled up the stairs to the third floor of my best friend's house, the flip flops I was wearing slipping slightly off my feet.

"Jesus Christ, Adam, slow down!" For what seemed like the hundredth time since my two friends decided to show me their 'secret' I tugged at the spandex-y shorts I was wearing, trying to stop them from crawling up my thighs. Adam seemed to be more excited than his girlfriend, and my best friend, Ellie was about this whole general idea.

With one last tug I was pulled into Ellie's large bedroom, and I let out a soft sigh of relief. Right away Adam threw himself onto the queen-sized bed and pulled her laptop out, "Gracie, come here. You have to see this!"

I gave Ellie a look to make sure she was comfortable with whatever was about to happen, and she shrugged, "Oh just go, make him happy. I'm going to try on my new uniform." 

And so I sat down beside Adam on the bed, feeling just a little uncomfortable as Ellie disappeared. The moment she left he gave me a proud look and flipped open the laptop, obviously having found whatever he was looking for a number of times prior to that day. Suddenly he turned the screen in my direction, and I saw the image of Ellie's bed.

"Just watch, Gracie. I bet you're going to love it." 

To be honest I couldn't really avert my gaze even if I had wanted to as Ellie showed up on the screen, her hair in pigtails and her small body in a tank top and mini skirt. In the video she climbed onto the bed, and I let out an audible gasp at the sight of her shaven, naked pussy beneath her tiny little skirt. A hand that I automatically presumed to be Adam's slid her skirt up over her ass, baring her naked lower body to the camera, before he quickly and expertly slipped a finger into her waiting entrance. She moaned out and arched her back and I could feel the heat beginning to radiate between my legs, telling me that though I didn't want to accept it, I was becoming incredibly aroused at what I was watching.

"Ohh baby..." Video Ellie began to moan as the hand guided a long finger in and out of her tight little pussy, and Adam finally came into view. With a tug on one of her pigtails he tilted her head back, pressing his lips hungrily against hers. Without realising it my eyes flickered from Ellie's beautiful sex to the large bulge in Adam's loose jeans. They continued to kiss as he slid a second finger inside of her, stretching her much to my own delight.

"God I can't wait to fuck your tight cunt, Ellie," Adam told her with a smile. The words only seemed to make her moans louder, and as if I had fingers in my own pussy I could feel my muscles clenching.

His hand moved faster against her mound, delving his expert fingers in and out of her body, before he slipped them out to rub the tips back and forth across her swollen clit. At he did this I found my gaze focused on her love button, surprised at how much bigger than mine it was.

"Jesus Christ..." I whispered to myself, instinctively lowering a hand to rub my own pussy through my little shorts. Ellie had come back into the room and was in Adam's lap, the two of them heatedly making out as they listened to their own moans. Though Ellie had been apprehensive at first, I could tell from the look on her face she was enjoying having her best friend watch her performance in the video, which to my delight now showed her on her knees.

"Suck my cock, Ellie... suck it hard..." In the video Adam's voice was heavy with need as he grazed his hands through her hair, guiding her head forward until her pretty lips parted around his throbbing cock. Over the moans from the video I could hear Ellie moaning, and as I glanced up I realised Adam's fingers were buried in her tight little twat once more, only for real this time, and right in front of me. Ellie was in her new uniform, a tiny black kilt barely reaching mid-thigh, and a white polo shirt with a silky black tie around her neck. I was torn between watching the video and watching my two friends as they pleased each other, as it seemed the video was going to be over and done with in no time. Deciding on the latter option I pushed the laptop aside and slid back on the bed, my back resting against the footboard through my tiny blue tank top.

"Mmmn... Ooh, Adam..." Ellie's soft voice was thick with pleasure as she leaned back a little bit, her perfect legs spread wide in front of me. I was right, I decided, that Ellie enjoyed being watched, and that thought excited me even further.

Through my shorts I could feel my love juices and heat, the material dipping between my pussy lips as I rubbed myself up and down. With a frustrated growl I pushed my shorts and panties off of me, allowing me to spread my legs just as wide as Ellie's so I could rub myself properly.

Seeing two shaven pussies before him, I could tell Adam was incredibly excited, his face flushed and eyes lit up. Ellie's ass rocked back and forth over his rock hard cock in his jeans, teasing him purposely as he fingered her faster. His eyes found my fingers as they rubbed around my pulsing clit slowly, teasing myself much to his delight. 

When I had had enough of teasing my sensitive clit I smacked it lightly, my own eyes glued to Ellie's sweet pussy. I could tell from the way her thighs were clenching together she was close, and when she lowered her hand to flick her clit I couldn't help but to thrust two fingers at one time into my own tight cunt. The sensation of my walls stretching caused me to cry out loudly and my hips to thrust, all of which made Adam grunt with excitement.

Right in front of me Ellie began to shake and whimper, her flushed body unable to keep still as she came. She tossed her beautiful head back and let out a loud 'oooh!' much to both Adam's delight and mine. I realised that she must have been squirting a little bit as she came, her girlcome spilling out around Adam's fingers, something that made my clit throb and my pussy clench.

"Ooh fuck, Adam..." Ellie's voice was husky as she gazed up at her boyfriend, a smile on her perfect lips. Lips, I understood from the look on Adam's face, which were about to be wrapped around something long, thick, and hard.

"My cock, babe..." Was all he managed to muster before she slipped his hand from her cunt. Her come trailed down between her ass cheeks and I let out a soft whimper at the sight. Neither of my friends seemed to notice or care that I was fucking myself quickly at that point, my hips rocking and my lower abdomen tensing. I knew that the moment I could watch Ellie's pretty mouth slide all the way over Adam's hard cock I wouldn't be able to hold back. 

Ellie slid off Adam's lap with an innocent smirk before she undid his jeans and tugged them, along with his boxers, down to his ankles. They pooled there and his cock sprang right to attention before Ellie's hungry eyes. His gaze on my shivering body and tightening pussy, Adam's come-coated fingers trailed over his thick shaft, coating himself with Ellie's own juices for her to suck off.

"Suck him, Ell," I whispered huskily, encouraging her only so I could see exactly what I needed to see. My body was telling me I was close, a faint tingling in my thighs and abdomen beginning to appear, and my hips rocking and thrusting vigorously against my hand. "Oh God, suck his cock!" Ellie did just that, wrapping her lips around his throbbing cockhead to my delight. Adam obviously enjoyed it as he leaned back on the bed a little, holding himself up with his palms and lifting his hips. With wide eyes I watched Ellie's pretty face as her cheeks caved in each time she sucked back, an occasional loud slurp echoing off the walls. "Oh fuck..." The tension in my body was becoming too much as I tried to hold out, and as if she heard my wishes, Ellie took Adam's cock right down her throat, gagging only a little bit. I tossed my head back and pulled my fingers from my pussy to smack and pinch my throbbing clit as I came, my sticky juices trailing over my thighs and ass. "Mmmn... Oh!" 

With blurred vision I watched as Ellie's head bobbed up and down along Adam's shaft, his moans and panting mixing with her soft purrs of delight. His hips lifted in attempt to fuck her pretty mouth and throat, and I wondered what I was going to do next. My answer came as my lust-filled eyes trailed over Ellie's petite body to her perked up ass, her legs spread slightly as she kneeled. I didn't bother to ask for anyone's permission before I slid off the bed. I wanted to taste her.

Adam must've known what was going to happen because he let out a loud grunt and buried a hand in Ellie's hair, holding his cock down her throat until I was comfortably laid beneath her waiting pussy. From an upside-down angle I lifted my head from the ground to drag my tongue along her slit, from her hot, dripping entrance to her throbbing clit. Feeling her button against my tongue delighted me, the light throbbing seeming to cause butterflies to flutter in my tummy. Around Adam's cock Ellie moaned, encouraging me even though we all knew I didn't need it.

He released her head and she pulled off his cock, letting out a soft whimper at the feeling of another woman's tongue against her dripping slit. I didn't waste any time in wrapping my full lips around her clit, sucking back in slow, long spurts as I teased a fingertip against her entrance. Adam squirmed a little bit to get a better view of what I was doing, and I smirked. Emitting a soft humming sound my lips vibrated very lightly around Ellie's throbbing nub, and as she let out a long, loud moan I dipped my whole finger inside of her.

I loved the way her pussy muscles clenched around my finger as if trying to hold it inside of her, her soft voice calling for me and for more. Flicking my tongue quickly against her trapped clit my finger rapidly began to slip in and out of her tight entrance, finger fucking her for all I was worth. It didn't take long before she whimpered and squirmed above me, and I took the hint to slip my finger out of her and slide my eager mouth down her slit. Taking place of my finger, I slowly shoved my soft tongue inside of her, curling it up a little bit to tease.

"Oh Gracie!" Her loud voice calling my name made my thighs clench with desire and I smirked, using my thumb to press against and rub her engorged clit. I wanted her to cum in my mouth. To make me swallow her deliciously tangy love juices. I wanted it so bad; I began to tongue fuck her, sliding my stiffened tongue in and out of her tight pussy. Everything I was doing must have driven her wild as she suddenly came against my hungry mouth, her hips writhing and her back arching. Adam reached forward and tugged her polo shirt and tie up and off of her briskly, revealing her perfectly round, bouncing breast to my eyes.

"Mmm, fuck," I muttered against her cunt, slurping back and swallowing her sweet girly juices. "God, Ellie, you're delicious..." With a smile I pulled away from her pussy, licking my lips clean. She didn't respond. Instead she quickly turned to face me and pressed her lips to mine, heatedly kissing me, much to my surprise. I knew it was probably just a show to excite Adam, and I wouldn't have been surprised if he had been jerking off right behind us. My hands found their way down her body to her ass and I gripped it tightly, drawing her naked pussy against mine, both wet with our own juices. Ellie bit my lip, the sensation driving me practically insane, as she found the hem of my tank top and lifted it off of me, our lips only parting for a second. I could tell she hadn't seen a pair of large, firm breasts in real life before as she slowly felt her way around them. She pinched my hard nipples one at a time, withdrawing a soft moan of approval from my lips.

"You two are so hot," Adam finally said, and when Ellie turned away to face him, I suddenly realised just how big his cock really seemed from my spot on my knees. 

"Glad you enjoyed it, baby," Ellie told him as one of her hands found my drenched pussy. "I have an idea..." A small smirk curled on her lips as she guided her soft fingertips along my pussy lips, the sensation incredible.

"Oh? And what would that be?" I had finally found my voice between my moans of need, and my baby blue eyes found Ellie's hazel ones.

"Well, Adam's going to fuck me, and I'm going to eat you out at the same time."

Adam gasped quite audibly at the suggestion, and my eyes lit up. 

"Goddamn, Ellie, you're so fucking surprising sometimes." Her boyfriend was thoroughly enjoying the thought as his cock visibly throbbed in front of us two girls, and Ellie giggled.

"Well, what are we waiting for?" She smirked and stood up, lifting me to my feet before pulling Adam to his. To be honest I wasn't sure what we had been waiting for, as all three of us were practically squirming with arousal. I wasted no time I crawling up onto the bed on all fours, and Ellie found her way behind me, on her hands and knees as well. One long lick of her tongue from my clit to my entrance made me whimper.

"Holy fuck." From the tone of his voice Adam sounded as though he could've exploded right then and there, and he quickly found his spot behind Ellie. Without a word he drove his length inside of her waiting entrance, and she moaned out loudly.

The sounds of her moans made me writhe. "Please, Ellie..." I murmured desperately as I gazed back at her. Obviously she needed me to say no more, before she teased her tongue once more up along my slit. This time, however, she dipped her tongue inside of my waiting entrance, matching Adam's slow, teasing rhythm as he guided his manhood in and out of her pussy. With one hand on the footboard of the bed, I lowered my other one to rub my clit, knowing it wouldn't be long before each of us came. 

The sensations that ran through my body ranged from shivers to sparks to butterflies as Ellie slowly guided her sweet tongue in and out of my twat, her moans muffled against me. She curled her tongue up inside me just as I had done inside her, and I let out a fierce cry, which seemed to drive Adam to roughly slam his length inside of her, the sound of his balls slapping her clit echoing in the bedroom. Ellie's tongue vibrated inside me as she moaned loudly.

"Ooh fuck, Ellie!" I couldn't contain myself as her vibrating tongue made my thighs clench against her pretty face. My fingers rubbed furiously over my pulsing clit, wanting to push myself over the edge. Behind me I could hear Adam panting and grunting, his thrusts long and rough now as he, too, seemed to be close. With Ellie it was hard to tell, but if her vibrating tongue and grinding hips were any indication of what was to come, it wouldn't be long for her. 

Adam came first, a loud and almost animalistic moan passing his lips and his hips grinding his cock in circles inside Ellie's tight pussy. The sounds of her whimpering made me lose control of myself, having hoped that I could wait until she, too, came. With my head tossed back I shouted for the gorgeous girl whose face was between my legs, wave after wave of pleasure rippling through my body as I came.

Ellie hadn't said a word as I pulled my pussy off her tongue, my chest heaving as I panted. I wanted her to hit her peak one last time, the thought absolutely thrilling me. Adam's half-hard cock was still thrusting inside his girlfriend's sex, and she was so close. Her gorgeous eyes were glazed over, her lips were parted as she whimpered, and her cheeks were flushed a natural red. I knew her breasts and nipples were sensitive now that her small form was on fire, and as I pressed my lips to hers to kiss her fiercely, my fingertips twisted and pulled at her hard nipples.

"Come for us, Ellie..." Adam began to coax, lowering a hand to rub Ellie's love button. With affection I bit her bottom lip and lightly pinched her nipples, the effect shattering as she broke from the kiss to shout both our names over and over again. She was coming against Adam's cock and I loved the sight of her body arched, flushed, and her face expressing her intense pleasure.

"Ohh, Ellie. You're so fucking gorgeous!" I couldn't help myself as I leaned down to suck on her nipples lightly, soothing her as she came down from her high.

The three of us sat back and looked at each other, our faces flushed and a grin on each of our lips. 

"I told you you'd love it," Adam muttered proudly.