 This is based on a true story. It was told to me by friends and some time swinging partners. The actual detailed descriptions are figments of my imagination. The plot is entirely true. To those of you who choose to comment disparagingly about husbands who allow their wives to have sex with other men I say this. Eat your heart out ... 

*

I have been married to Marion nigh on twenty five years. My name is Andrew. We have a comfortable lifestyle, nothing special but we consider ourselves very fortunate. Marion could not have children, some medical term describes it, but the love I had for her, and still have for her more than two decades later, meant that I considered myself a very lucky fellow indeed when she answered in the affirmative to my proposal of marriage. 

Knowing from the beginning that Marion would never have children meant we never considered it; never discussed it; never regretted the fact. We got on with our lives, our future. Together. Looking back, we can see the positives that once we hadn't considered. For us, there were no birth control issues. We indulged in what is now called unprotected sex from day one. This probably led us into having a rather adventurous sex life. Certainly far more adventurous than many of our friends. We could be spontaneous with our lovemaking. No interrupting our lust with the need for slipping on a condom. No waiting for the kids to go to bed. Nor waking in the middle of the night.

Ours was a life of slow morning lovemaking especially at weekends. Early evenings of cuddling up which turned into unhurried romps. We really enjoyed those moments when sex is all that will satisfy you, and it has to be now. Home from a Saturday night dance, hands all over each other. Many were the times we would hump in the car, or in the hallway of our house, clothes in a tangle. 

Our friends called us sex maniacs. They just didn't have the time free to indulge themselves. One of the features of our early sex life revolved around our joy with car park sex. I have always adored Jaguar cars, and have been fortunate enough to own several saloons through the years. Spacious, comfortable, with wonderful engines, the leather seats alone are worth the extra outlay. 

We had parked in the same car park several times on a Saturday night. This particular night Marion was in a very horny mood. She later admitted that whilst dancing with a man who had come to the dance with friends of ours, he had propositioned her. Over the course of the evening, and several dances, he had been caressing her bottom, and her breasts, and even rubbed his thumb over her prominent nipple. All this attention was turning Marion on. When he pressed his erection against her, the naughty bitch had pressed back. After a brief minute he had then taken her hand and pressed it over his stiff cock. Things didn't go further but to my inexperienced wife this was a major turn on.

Marion was laid back in the reclining seat, her dress rucked up around her waist, the top open to expose her breasts. She was so wet that three of my fingers were deep inside her, thrusting deeply. My mouth was sucking her nipple, making it hard and long. Marion was groaning as she built towards her first orgasm.

'So you liked Dennis pressing his big cock against you? Eh, you dirty bitch.' I murmured, close to her ear. 

We had already had this conversation. I had innocently asked if Marion had enjoyed dancing with Dennis, that he seemed a nice guy. Marion then told me all that he had done. And all that he had said. Dennis was a very naughty boy. He had started by telling Marion that she had such a delectable arse that he would like to bite it, worked through kissing along each thigh, teased her by wanting to see her breasts. Until finally, a couple of dances before closing time, admitting that he would love to watch her face as he fucked her, watched as she came on his cock.

As she was telling me, I had inched her dress up, removed her panties, and found her dripping wet cunt. Marion was well on the way to orgasm when we were both aware of a bump against the car. I looked up at the side window, as did Marion. In the dim shadow we could just see a rather large penis with a hand wrapped around it, pumping madly. We had no time to react as large globules of spunk hit the glass. At that precise moment, Marion orgasmed. I glanced at her to see her eyes wide open, fixed on the side window as she came with huge sobs of breath, and a further drenching of my fingers. Looking back, I was just in time to see the fellows face at the window, big smile, then a thumbs up, and then the window was a pane of darkness with just several dribbles of spunk running down it, the only evidence anyone had been there at all.

Marion closed her legs on my hand and started giggling. In the shock of the moment my erection had subsided. 

'Well, well. I nearly had a bloody heart attack.' I mumbled.

'So did I' replied my lovely wife, 'then I thought how naughty I was, laying here with my legs spread wide, pussy on display, you diddling me, and I just came and came. I had the most wonderful orgasm darling.'

We talked about it as we drove home. We were hardly in the front door when clothes came off, we raced up the stairs and spent several hours rutting as we relived the events of the evening. We both realised that we had discovered something new about ourselves, and about each other. There followed several summer months where we indulged in what we would later discover was called dogging. Marion found that she loved the idea of exposing her body, feeling the power her body gave her over men. I found that I had no problem performing in front of an audience.

Like many people who discover a new interest, we probably took things too fast. Didn't know there were limits, so we didn't set any. We very quickly moved from being inside the car with the interior light on, to being outside the car, to having Marion dress in sexy and revealing clothing. She would then lay herself over the bonnet of the car, uncover herself, then masturbate as a ring of men formed around her. Then I would usually fuck her as they watched. Once we had as many as eight men stood around us, wanking their seed into the ground as they watched.

We took it too far as I said. Marion had stripped down to hold up stockings and knee length boots, had used a rather large, unrealistic looking dildo to stimulate her clit. Two men were watching and wanking as I turned her round to fuck her in the doggy position. I pulled her back onto me by her hips, loving the feeling of her tight wet cunt slowly enveloping my cock. I had a nice rhythm going, well on my way to orgasm, when one of the men moved in front of Marion. I didn't have a clear view, so it was several seconds before I realised he had his cock in my wife's mouth, and was fucking it. As I opened my mouth to say something, I felt something slap against my arse, then my arse was splashed with several hot streams of liquid. The second guy had cum over my backside! I was speechless. Shocked rigid. It couldn't get any worse, surely? Then I saw that chappie number one now had his hand on the back of Marion's head.

'Oi, no touching.' I managed to squeak, the words sticking in my throat. Half a minute earlier might have been more sensible. The guy next to me mumbled something. Turning to look at him I missed his friend beating his cock a last few strokes into Marion's face. He then stumbled back a few paces saying

'Sorry mate. Couldn't help myself. Thanks. Your missus is awesome. Lovely.' And then they had both disappeared into the darkness.

Marion turned to look at me, as I grumbled 

'Bastard, he came on my arse.'

Then I saw Marion's face in the dim light. She had a small, somewhat ironic smile on her face. Her eyebrows were raised as if to say

'And you think that's bad?'

Cum liberally covered her face, and two long drips hung to her chin; I could even see a couple of spots across her breasts.

I have been accused of having a stupid sense of humour, and of falling back on humour in tense times. This was such a time.

'Well, at least he missed shooting in your eye sweetheart.' We had watched a number of porn films. Women always get a stream in the eye.

I did try and retrieve the situation by reaching for my t-shirt and wiping my wife's face clean. Before wiping my arse clean of drying spunk too. I do try to be a gentleman.

Anyway, back at home we talked things through. Agreed it was nobody's fault; we had not set limits beforehand, neither for ourselves, nor for others. No harm done. Dogging was a fun thing, but we agreed that we should not let it become a regular thing, and perhaps it was a little unsafe.

Through that winter and into spring we kept our lovemaking rather vanilla. Our lovemaking was still good, but we both sensed something was missing. Our marriage has been blessed with good communication. Nothing was secret, no subject taboo. Neither of us are quick to anger, so we can talk through things sensibly. I have a great admiration for Marion's intellect, she is certainly the more educated partner in our 'ship, and blessed with a profound common sense.

I'm trying to say that it was Marion who voiced our mutual sense of dissatisfaction with our sex life. We both knew it was good, as we both knew that it could be better. One Sunday morning, two large mugs of coffee and a plate of buttered toast at the bedside we discussed, openly, what we thought might be missing. What had we enjoyed about dogging? What had we not enjoyed.

Yes, we broke off to make love. Twice if I remember correctly. What dear? It was three times apparently, according to she who must be obeyed. Marion had enjoyed exposing her body to other men, particularly as she spread her pussy lips for them. Her point was that whilst she could have sunbathed topless and shown her tits freely, the dirtiness of showing her 'private parts' off was a major turn on. Remember this was back in the mid 90's and things were not as liberated as they are now, and that is probably due to the advent and growth of the internet. Yes we had computers in offices but very few people had a computer at home. They were still far too expensive. A Nintendo or Sinclair game machine was a far cry from today's PC's.

I told her I really enjoyed showing off my lovely wife to others. I loved watching her enjoying herself, and especially as she came. Marion surprised me by saying that she had really enjoyed having another cock in her mouth while I had been fucking her. She wished it could have been for longer. I spilled the beans that I had been really excited at seeing her face covered in cum. I had masturbated at the memory a few times. I thought she might have been angry with me.

'Silly thing.' Marion had laughed. 'You should have told me. I would have let you cum over my face. To tell the truth I quite enjoyed it myself. I've brought myself off a few times as well.'

'I wish I'd had a better view of you sucking him off. I bet he loved it.' I mused.

And that led to another session of passion.

By that Sunday evening we had jointly decided to explore possible avenues to enhance our sex life. We would be open and honest with each other, and nothing, absolutely nothing, was beyond discussion. Our hope was that over the following weeks and months we would have a number of fantasies that we could make into reality. Twenty odd years later we are still coming up with new ideas, revisiting old ideas.

This has gradually led us through a life of experimenting with photography, dressing up, role playing, flashing (her not me), web cam sex, video making and swinging. The swinging itself has led to a whole gamut of activities. Threesomes, foursomes and moresomes is the usual description, however that leaves so much out. Like the time I arranged a fantastic meeting for Marion. With a splendidly hung black man I found on the swinger internet site we had joined. I first heard of him through a friend I knew from one of the swinger clubs we attended. 

My friend had waxed lyrically over the guy's prowess as a lover, and how large his cock was. Apparently my friend said that with all that going for him, he had also turned out to be a thoroughly nice guy. Very respectful, and it had been a great night for my friend, and in particular for his wife. His wife had confirmed what he had said, and added a few lascivious details later, after we had fucked rather energetically in the orgy room.

Having contacted the guy, whose name was Jackson (but call me Jonjo, all my friends do), we set about arranging a date. I sent him a few photo's of Marion to see if he liked her. Jonjo was up front and wrote me that he was used to men wanting to see him fuck their wives. It had happened many times through the swinging scene. No way did he find it unusual.

It was probably three months later that we managed to find a suitable date. I hadn't told Marion what I planned. Not even on the day it was to happen. I told her we were going out to dinner, and a friend might drop in. Marion knew I had something planned as I had bought her a sexy new dress, and asked her to wear extremely sexy underwear beneath, and four inch heels. I had spent part of the afternoon shaving her pussy bare and smooth. Tested its smoothness with my tongue, but cut short the pleasure as Marion had begun pushing her face up into my chin. She had been irritated, but knew that I had a reason, and that she would be enjoying herself later. She just didn't know what she would be enjoying. So much of good sex is the anticipation. So much enjoyment is had in stimulating the mind. 

It was a very horny Marion who sat beside me in the Jag as we drove into town. And I knew it. We might be discussing things in a normal manner, but just below the surface lust was bubbling. It took just the sight of a sexily dressed young woman walking along the street to make my cock throb with an almost instant hard on. The sound of Marion's stockings rubbing together as she crossed her legs had the same effect. The sight of those few inches of leg above her knee being uncovered as her dress rode up. Hard, hard, hard. And I knew Marion's feelings would be similar.

We were seated at our table enjoying drinks when Jonjo entered the restaurant. Looking cool and elegant, his lean and muscular 6'2" frame seemed to flow around the tables as he made his way through the room. I saw that Marion had seen him, and followed him with her eyes as he came our way. He wore a light grey suit, and a white silk shirt, open at the neck. A slim gold chain, catching the light, glinted at his neck. His hair was shaved at the sides, and cut very short around the top of his head. He was a very, very handsome man. My wife was certainly not the only woman staring at him.

I introduced the two of them. He politely kissed my wife's proffered cheek, and sat as a waiter held out a chair for him. As the waiter went off to get his ordered drink, I said to Marion,

'This is my new friend Jonjo. Richard and Linda Johnson made the introduction.' This let Marion know that this was lifestyle business. As if she hadn't already guessed. 'I thought you might enjoy meeting him. '

Jonjo and Marion exchanged a few pleasantries, a couple of smiles. Sailed through the first impressions that would set a marker for the remainder of the evening. Had Marion spoken certain words I knew I would have had to explain to Jonjo that it was a no go. Jonjo and I had covered this like adults beforehand. It is the way of the lifestyle. No taking one for the team.

'Marion, darling, among Jonjo's other talents, which I believe are many, he is blessed with an outrageously large cock. How big is it Jonjo?'

Jonjo smiled, teeth dazzlingly white and even, took Marion by the hand, leant close to her and quietly said,

'Right now? Sitting next to such a lovely lady, dressed so very beautifully, and looking absolutely gorgeous, I would say it is about 18 centimetres. Later, when I hope you will allow me to undress you and see for real what I've only seen in the photos that Andrew was generous enough to share with me, it will be 27 centimetres.'

Marion and I think in real money. Centimetres are foreign stuff. So I said,

'That's almost 11 inches to me and you, love.'

Marion's hand flew to her mouth, and her eyes widened. Her eyes glanced between Jonjo and I.

'Really?' she mouthed silently.

We both nodded in unison. Marion broke into a slow but huge smile.

'You boys have no idea how wet my panties are.' 

After a light dinner; we were all too excited to eat much, we asked Marion if the plans we had provisionally made were acceptable to her. We would take Marion to a music club and once settled there, I would return home to set up the camera and video equipment. Jonjo would bring Marion home after an hour or so, and the fun would begin. This gave Marion and Jonjo a little time alone and I knew they would be petting madly, gradually increasing the lust i guessed we were all feeling. I would join in later if that is what Marion felt like, or not. It was to be her treat, so it was to be her rules. All this had been discussed between Jonjo and me.

The club was a brilliant choice. Jonjo's suggestion. Small enough to be intimate, busy enough to be near invisible. A clientele of thirty and forty somethings, so the music was less trance, more dance. We took turns dancing with Marion. Marion told me she thought Jonjo very handsome and a really nice guy with it. 

'I gave his cock a squeeze when we were dancing. It felt huge, and he wasn't even very hard!' she exclaimed.

'Bet you soon changed that.'

Marion playfully lolled her tongue from the side of her mouth, and rolled her eyes.

'That boy is packing' she giggled. 'I bet Linda had a smile on her face for days.'

When I judged the time was right I made my excuses and left. The equipment was soon set up and I was sitting with a large glass of chilled white wine to hand when I heard a car pull up outside. I was as horny as a cat on a hot tin roof, and leapt up to answer the door.

Marion was first through the door, Jonjo close behind. She came in to my arms, kissing me wildly. As Jonjo helped her off with her wrap, she told me how they had decided to catch a taxi home. She had been clutching Jonjo's cock the whole way, and excitedly told how it had gradually grown right down his trouser leg.

'Almost to his knee...' she had gurgled.

Jonjo had moved behind Marion, so that she was wrapped between us. The meat in a human sandwich. We each began to kiss a side of Marion's neck, took a breast each into our hand, and pressed our erections against her, front and back. She held us in a hand each, one behind my neck, the other on Jonjo's backside. Several very enjoyable moments passed in this position. As if we had planned it, we had not, we each ran a free hand under Marion's skirt, inching the material up. Jonjo ran his hand under her ass and between her legs, meeting mine which had taken a frontal approach. Marion kindly spread her legs, I pulled the material of her panties aside, and as Jonjo slipped a finger into her cunt, I massaged her clit. Sheer, pure, teamwork. 

'Marion, you are so hot baby. So fucking wet.' Jonjo whispered to her.

'Gonna take a great big cock in that wet pussy, darling? Do you want Jonjo's huge cock right now Marion?' I countered in her other ear.

Marion was groaning now, her breath coming in gasps. The whole evening had been one of anticipation, and now Marion knew she was close to the end game. The part where her passions were laid bare, lust took over from reasonable thought, and she just desired sex. Gone was the slightly shy, slightly submissive, typical girl next door, the neighbourly and dutiful wife. In her place a wanton, sex craving slut, who knew just what she wanted, and knew that she exerted sufficient control over us to get it.
