 I describe myself as a wannabe Dirty old man, not because I am one, but be-cause as my best friend Karen keeps telling me, there is no higher accolade and so I should aim to be one.

This is the seventh chapter in this series - I recommend you to read the previous chapters in order before this one.

Once again this story would not have been possible without the feedback and encouragement I received from Romantic1.

*****************************

We collapsed in each other's arms still connected. Lisette wriggled up beside us and kissed us both all over. Lisette whispered, "I don't know what you just did to her, but sometime soon I hope you'll do that to me too. You've changed my whole way of thinking about sex and love in just this short time." She paused and kissed me. She asked softly and tentatively, "Thank you, I love you both. Can I stay the night with you please?" 

Our answer was to hold our arms out to her and the three of us curled up together, and were soon heading into the arms of Morpheus. 

*************************

The games we play

I awoke very early the next morning by the sensation of warmth as a mouth enveloped the head of my semi erect cock. I opened an eye to discover Lisette attempting to swallow as much as she could. My movements woke Simone who was curled up at my side with her head on my chest and my arm around her.

We both smiled at Lisette and she stopped for long enough to look up at us and ask Simone nervously, "You don't mind do you?"

"Of course not," and she reached down and stroked Lisette's hair, before raising her lips to mine and drawing me into a long passionate kiss.

Lisette smiled at us gratefully and bent her head down again. She sucked the head of my growing cock into her mouth. Her long hair cascaded down hiding her face and my groin. Simone was stroking my chest, and I cupped her breast with my hand and felt her nipple swell under my fingertips.

"She is getting much better at this," I whispered to Simone, as Lisette managed to get her lips halfway down my shaft. She flicked her hair back allowing us the perfect view of my cock disappearing into her mouth. She kept drawing back to lick my glans before swallowing a tiny bit more on each attempt. 

I groaned "Oh god, that's fucking wonderful." 

In response Lisette sucked harder. Simone began suckling on my nipple. I was in seventh heaven; the woman of my dreams was in my arms while a beautiful young girl was sucking my cock and getting better at it with every second.

I felt Lisette's hand reach down between my legs, cup my balls, and gently massage them.

"I'm getting close," I warned her. She didn't stop so I took that as an invitation. A cry and a stream of hot cum into her mouth announced the start of my climax. Her eyes opened wide as several more pulses of cum filled her mouth and as she pulled back, the last one landed on her face.

"So much, so nice," she mumbled round her mouthful, and she moved up to us to share my bounty. She kissed both of us and we used our tongues to dip into her mouth and acquire a taste. Then she swallowed the rest. I licked her face clean; after all, I'm the one who made it messy.

She looked at us, "You make me feel so loved, and why didn't I meet you before that idiot of an ex-boyfriend?" There were tears on her cheeks. Simone kissed them away. 

"Will you help me clean him up?" Simone asked and gestured at my mid-section.

Between the pair of them, they licked me clean and restored my cock to its full potential. Simone came back to lie beside me whilst Lisette sat cross-legged beside us looking pensively at Simone. 

"Don't you really mind that I'm in bed with you sharing Andy?"

Simone told her, "Of course not, we explained it all to you last night. You will always have a place in our bed."

"I have to go soon, I need to be at the cafe by nine. Can I come back this evening after work?"

I thought for a moment, this could get a bit complicated with Angie. I really didn't want to hurt Lisette. I could see that Simone was having the same thoughts. 

I asked, "When do you go back to university?" 

"In two weeks' time, I finish working at my uncle's cafe at the end of this week." 

I smiled at them both; the solution was simple, at least it seemed so to me. 

"Of course you can come back this evening. However, I do have a better proposal. We want to fulfil Angie's wish over the next couple of days and we don't want to ignore you."

I turned to Simone, "Simone why don't we invite Lisette to join us for a few days towards the end of next week after Pete and Angie leave, and she doesn't have to worry about going to work?" 

Simone smiled at me, she obviously had the same initial reservation that I had and was more than happy with my solution. 

"That sounds perfect," Simone said, "So would you like a holiday with us next week?" She asked Lisette. 

Lisette said, "That sounds wonderful. Can I stay for a whole week?" 

"Well at least five days," Simone told her. 

I jokingly said, "You can be my first mate and Lisette the cabin boy...err girl.

Lisette smiled at the idea and agreed to our proposal, "I will miss you both but the thought of a week with you sounds like so much fun." 

She pointed at my erect cock, then asked Simone, "Can I have that as a going away present please?" 

Simone laughed and reaching over to the bedside table handed her a condom packet. "Have fun little one; I'm going to take a shower. Then I need to have a chat to Julia." 

She turned and kissed me, "Please give her a present to savour," and with that, she disappeared into the bathroom. 

Lisette looked a bit surprised that Simone had left. Then she smiled to herself as she opened the packet and rolled the condom down my cock.

I stroked her pussy, and caressed her slit. She was dripping wet, and gave a little shiver. 

She whispered, "Please don't be gentle with me; I want to feel all of you."

I grinned and nodded; I flipped her onto her back and placed a pillow under her hips. She raised her legs and hooked them over my shoulders and the tip of my cock was nestling at the entrance of her cunt. With a single precise movement, I buried myself deep into her tight silky soft cunt. 

She cried, "Oh fuck, no one's ever filled me like that."

I began pushing into her with slow full strokes touching her cervix with each thrust. She accompanied my strokes with her own cries. Her hands clenched my buttocks urging me deeper on each stroke. She would give a little squeal every time my pubis rubbed against her protruding erect nubbin of a clit. I could feel the walls of her cunt start twitching as her first orgasm began building up.

She cried out, "Oh fuck, ooh, oooooh god, I'm coming."

Her body shook as she came. Without letting her get her breath back I carried on thrusting. She looked at me in shock as her second orgasm swiftly followed the first.

"I can't be coming again, it's too soon," she gasped. 

Lisette screamed as the pleasure washed over her again, but I didn't alter my rhythm. I could feel my orgasm slowly building up but it was some way away. I kept plunging in and out, as Lisette was moaning incoherently. A few moments later, she was coming for a third time. Her mouth opened in a mute cry and her cunt spasmed, squeezing me. A couple of thrusts later I came, jetting jism into the condom, filling it.

I rolled over onto my back without withdrawing and she settled down with a long drawn out sigh of contentment on my chest. She looked at me with those wide blue eyes of hers.

She whispered to me, "Simone's going to hate me; I'm falling in love with you." 

I told her, "Don't be silly, Simone won't hate you, she loves you the same way I do." 

I looked at her carefully. "Little one, we both enjoy having you with us in our bed. I'm so happy that you seem to enjoy it too. Next week Simone can show you the many ways a woman can please you. Then you will be worrying that I will hate you, as you will fall further in love with her. Don't worry we will never hate you; we will always love you." 

"Of course we will," said Simone from the door as she entered the room. She was carrying a mug of coffee for me. She was wrapped in a towel with her hair wrapped up in a second one. She came and sat beside us and drew Lisette into a deep Sapphic kiss that had my toes curling. 

"You remind me of myself at your age; oh how I wish I'd met someone like Andy to show me then how good sex and love can be. I heard the end of your conversation. It's OK if you love Andy. I love him, and I love you too." 

I propped myself up at the head of the bed with my coffee and removed the condom. The pair of them curled up on either side of me, and for the next wee while, we just sat there in silence. 

Lisette looked at the clock, "I need to move, can I use the shower?" 

Simone replied, "Of course, do you need anything else?" 

"Could I borrow a clean pair of panties, mine got soaked with my sex juices; I was so aroused last night. I've spare clothes at the cafe, I can change there." 

"No problem, I will bring them to you."

Lisette went off for a shower and I turned to Simone, "Thank you, you are so generous, I really do love you," and she pulled me into a deep kiss.

"I knew exactly how she felt about you. It's these same thing I felt when I first met you, you looked at me and you didn't see the surface me, you could see the hidden me and when you smiled it resonated through my whole being." 

Julia's voice came from the doorway, "That's the reason so many people love him and a good part of the reason the family exists." 

She stood there wrapped in a towel with her hair wet from the shower. I held my hand out to her and she came and sat beside us. Simone kissed her and stood up. 

Simone said, "I need to get Lisette those clean panties and say goodbye with a proper kiss."

"Give her a kiss from me and warn her that we will probably go downstream later today. We will be back in three or four days and see her then ... and come back when you're done please."

She blew us a kiss and disappeared off after Lisette. 

I looked at Julia, "I'm going to miss you too, I know it was my fault we haven't been in touch and I'm so sorry." 

"Don't be, you did what you thought was right at the time. You won't do it again will you?" 

I shook my head and she curled up in my arms, and we lay there quietly for a few minutes until she looked up at me and spoke. "I guess we have a potential new family member." 

"Who, do you mean Lisette?"

"Yes, I told you last night she was in love with you. Now it looks like she's added Simone to her infatuation." 

I told her, "We will see, she goes back to university in a couple of weeks. I'm sure she will find a boyfriend and forget all about us." 

"I wouldn't bank on it; I've seen it all before, that girl has got a bad case of the 'Andys.' Even if she never saw you again, she'd be in love with you the rest of her life." She laughed and continued, "I should be able to recognise it. I've been suffering from the same thing for over twenty-six years." 

As Simone returned, Julia continued, "More importantly, we will see you at Christmas for the wedding. Then we move back to Europe, you need to help us find us somewhere to live near here."

Simone said, "I think I may have the solution. The winery and house; it's only thirty kilometres away and there are several properties there that I ... I mean 'we' own. One of those will be perfect for you two. They were converted into holiday Gites a few years ago." She smiled in glee at the thought.

Simone looked at me, "We can use the main house when we are not on Rosie. The vineyards run along the river so we can moor her there." 

She looked at the both of us so hopefully, "We could be one big happy family?"

Julia told her, "We not only could, we will be. Thank you that sounds like a wonderful idea."

Simone said, "We will send you photos and video so you can decide which one you want. The price is non-negotiable, one hundred Euros and a whole lot of love from you and Mike."

Before Julia could protest the ridiculously low rental price, Simone held her hand up to stop her fuss. I couldn't help laughing at the sight of Simone standing motionless at the end of the bed. She was wrapped in fluffy white towels, with her arms crossed over her breasts. She had such a serious expression on her face. 

Julia went and put her arms around Simone, "Let's go and tell Mike your idea while this smelly old man has a shower. He smells of morning sex, and I'm jealous it wasn't me. Andy please don't dawdle, our taxi is booked for eleven. Angie and Pete are preparing breakfast for us." Julia shot me a coy grin.

They turned and walked out, their perfect exit spoilt by Simone's towel unravelling and leaving her naked. She bent to retrieve it and I had the perfect view of her exquisite buttocks surrounding the hidden depth of her womanhood. Despite all my prior activity, I felt myself stirred by the occasion.

I hit the shower and quickly washed and allowed my poor cock to regain his composure. I dressed and followed my nose to the heavenly aromas coming from the galley. Angie had prepared pancakes, bacon and scrambled eggs, and there was a full pot of coffee. I sat down at the breakfast bar with the rest of them, and a heaped plate was placed in front of me. I gratefully tucked in.

Pete looked at me and then addressed the rest of them, "After all this time has anyone worked out what it is that makes women behave the way they do around him?" 

Three female hands went up.

Mike just shrugged and said, "I don't know, but whatever it is I wish he'd bottle it so I could have some." Julia slapped the back of his head in a comic way.

Simone told Peter, "Its simple, when most men look at a woman, present company excluded; We knows that deep down that we are being assessed at a superficial level. Great tits, great ass, legs and so on. In Andy's case that's not what he responds to. I could tell that the second he looked at me he had stripped away the skin and could see the inner me, he senses and sees hidden emotions." 

She looked at the other women and they nodded

She continued, "When he looks at you there is something that make you want to ..." she paused for a moment obviously trying to put her thought into words, "No, for me it's almost a physical need to want to sit on his lap and bare your soul to him." She giggled and added, "THEN he looks at your tits, ass, legs, and the rest of you."

And as though to prove her point she came and sat on my lap. She took a fork from the rack and started to feed me.

Julie looked at Pete, "Twenty-six years ago I walked into the student bar with a group of friends including my boyfriend. I saw Andy for the first time. It was a darkish room and he was sitting in a booth surrounded by women. I remember he looked up and saw me and smiled. I felt like I was suddenly in a spotlight. He walked over to me and told me that as it was his birthday he was allowed to claim a kiss from every woman in the room. By the end of that kiss I swear I'd cum. My knickers were soaking." 

She looked at me, "I walked away from my boyfriend and sat next to Andy and told him I was his birthday present, at the end of the evening he took me home and unwrapped me. And I've never ever regretted my actions." 

Mike told Julia, "You know that after he first got us together, he told me that if I ever hurt you, he would hunt me down and they would never find the body." 

I said, "In my defence can I point out I'd just seen the Godfather movie and that may have influenced my bold aggressiveness. Plus it worked didn't it?"

For the next few moments, all that could be heard was the sound of six people enjoying their food. 

"So what's the plan?" I asked, waving my fork in Mike and Julia's direction.

Mike said, "The taxi arrives in an hour. We will see you all in the Maldives in December."

Julia said, "We will keep in touch; remember we have a wedding to organise. Then we move here in the New Year. We'll work out the details on email."

Simone replied, "We are so going to miss you guys, I can't believe it's only been a week since I first met you, I feel as though I've known you all my life." She threw her arms around Mike and started crying, and then she held her arms out to Julia.

She told Julia, "I love you. You are the big sister I never had; you and my dirty old man have shown me what love really is." She grasped my hand in hers. 

By now they both had tears running down their cheeks, and I could see that the rest of us weren't going to be far behind. For the next few minutes there was a lot of mutual support that evolved a fair amount of body contact.

Finally Julia and Mike broke away and I followed them to their cabin to get their bags. They did that last check dance, the way you always do darting round the room to make sure you haven't left anything. We stood holding hands then Mike took the bags up to the deck giving us the opportunity a private last word. 

I put my arms round her, "You are my oldest friend. You would tell me if I'm doing something stupid wouldn't you?" 

"I would, and you know you aren't. I've known you almost all my adult life and there is only one stupid thing you have done, and that was to hide away from me after Ros died."

I said, "That wasn't me being stupid." She looked at me in surprise. 

"That was me not wanting to destroy your marriage." 

"What do you mean?" 

"You remember after she was gone how much I was hurting? You were there to comfort me. What you don't know is how close I was to asking you to leave Mike and stay with me. You know you would have done it regardless of the consequences." 

She nodded at me with tears in her eyes. 

"I could see that Mike was thinking the same, he even told me that it would be alright if you stayed. I just couldn't do that to him or you, so I took the coward's way out and ran away."

"You bastard, I spent nearly three years thinking you didn't love me anymore, before I came to my senses," she said with her head buried in my chest. I silenced her with a kiss. 

I told her, "You know that's not true, I will never ever not be in love with you." 

She said, "Oh deep down I knew, now I understand why he kept telling me that you still loved me and that I just need to give you time." 

"The taxi's here," we heard Peter call down to us. One last kiss and we went up to join them. 

Nobody wanted a long draw out goodbye so after a quick hug and a kiss we were waving to them as the taxi drove off down the road. 

I suggested, "I think we should travel downstream for the next couple of days and relax and enjoy ourselves."

Angie asked, "What about Lisette?"

Simone told her, "We told her we will pick her up in four or five day, after her summer job finishes, but first there is the little detail of your pregnancy."

"But I'm not pregnant yet!" 

"That's the little detail we need to attend to." 

******************************

The River Trip

Thirty minutes later Rosie was cruising down stream and the four of us sat in the wheelhouse watching the French countryside slowly passing us by. The northern bank was littered with southern facing vineyards and after about four hours.

Simone pointed at the bank and the vineyards, "Those are ours. Can we stop and take a look please?"

Then she pointed out the landing stage and the track up to the house on the crest of the hill. "I grew up in that house, and it was my home with Bernard and he took it away from me." 

She looked at me with a steely glint in her eyes softened by a pair of tears. "Please help me claim it back for us and our children?"

"Of course I will; it's yours and your children's inheritance." 

"No, no it's not just mine, and the children's, but you and your kids and our children. I loved this place and he stole it physically and mentally from me."
