 Tale of dirty old man Ch 10

After reading the previous chapters, my best friend Karen tells me, I've achieved my ultimate goal – I am a Dirty Old Man!

This is the tenth chapter in this series - I recommend you to read the previous chapters in order before this one.

I can't thank Romantic1 enough for the time he spent reviewing and editing this and the previous chapters.

**********************

We stood there for a moment; I don't think anyone really knew what to say. Angie took a jewellery box from her bag and gave it to Simone. 

"It's for you, I didn't want to break up the pair." 

Inside was the larger of the two gold inlayed silver butt plugs. There was a space in the box for its companion, the one they had given to Simone earlier. 

There wasn't much we could say, other than thank you. We hugged and kissed and they got in the car. We waved goodbye as the car drove away, then we kissed and returned to Rosie. 

**********************

Homes

We stood in the wheelhouse. Rosie was so quiet with just the two of us. I'd got used to the noise and bustle of guests. I wrapped my arm around Simone and she rested her head on my shoulder. 

"It's time for us to go home." I said. 

She looked a bit worried at my statement. "The chateau doesn't feel like its home anymore, it's where I grew up. Rosie and you are my home now!"

"OK then, let's go back to the chateau and see Sarah and Gaston." 

She looked a lot happier "Oh that's ok then." 

We busied ourselves disconnecting Rosie from the dock, leaving just one line in place. I turned the key, starting the engine, and then I used the bow and stern thrusters to hold us steady. When it was running smoothly, Simone let go of the line and hopped back on board. I manoeuvred us into mid-stream, and then spun Rosie on her axis. We headed upstream in the direction of the chateau. I reckoned that it would take us about four hours to get there. 

I was sitting on the captain's chair with a hand on the wheel. Simone was sat on my lap, resting her head on my shoulder.

She was gently caressing my arm and said, "This is nice, it's been a long time since we were alone." 

"I know what you mean. I loved seeing all of them but it will be so nice to have a little time to ourselves. Do you want to stay on board tonight or sleep at the chateau?"

"I'd like to stay on board, but I think we need to sort things out at the chateau. Papa, Rachael and the children should be on their way here. The children will be staying with her. He will go to the chateau and I want to talk to him tonight." 

I hugged her and said, "I understand." I pushed the throttle open a bit more and we picked up speed. Simone puttered around the boat while I steered. I could hear her rummaging around below decks and every 20 minutes or so she would appear with a fresh cup of coffee or a cold drink for me. 

She had changed into her crew uniform as she described it. A pair of shorts and basically that was it. She was topless, and the whole package was topped off with her crew cap. Each time she appeared I would get a little token of her affection, a kiss or a gentle caress. I would gently stroke the side of her breast or give a brief suck on one nipple. 

Finally she came and sat down on the built in bench at the back of the wheelhouse. She tucked herself in the corner. She opened my laptop and propped it on her legs and started to investigate the family page. 

I could hear her typing away and she saw me looking. 

She said, "I'm chatting with your daughter."

"Give her my love will you." 

"I will. She says we have nearly thirty people including their children coming to the wedding. I asked her to add Michael and Anna to the list. Are you okay with that?"

"Of course, there are definitely going to be other children their own age. So I know they will have a lot of fun." 

She fell silent as she continued to chat with Kirsten. There was only a little traffic on the river so I was able to spend time watching Simone. She was concentrating on the screen. The tip of her tongue was just poking out of the corner of her mouth. Every now and then she would smile at something Kirsten had written. 

Simone suddenly looked up at me with a shocked expression and a gasp. "She just called me mum!" 

"Then she must really like you," I said. 

Simone said, "I don't want to replace Ros in her mind. What do I do?"

"Talk to her about it, find out why she said it?" 

She bent her head back down over the laptop and a few minutes later I heard Kirsten's voice coming from the speakers. 

"That's better; I'm sorry Simone I didn't mean to upset you." 

"Oh you didn't, well not much. I just didn't want you to think I'm trying to replace your mother." 

"I know you're not, but with you marrying dad, it feels a bit odd calling him dad and you Simone. Ros will always be my mother, but I'd like to think of you as my other mum." 

There were tears in Simone's eyes as she replied, "I'd really like that." 

I called out, "By the way your dad likes the idea too." 

"Christ, hi Dad, I didn't realise you were there." 

I laughed, "And just where did you think I'd be?"

"No, it's just for some reason I'd pictured Simone lying on the bed while we were chatting. She'd already told me you were piloting Rosie, so I thought she was alone."

"I needed my crewman with me. 

Simone giggled, "Your half naked crewman you mean." 

There were two sets of giggles from the speaker.

"Hi Christina, how are you?" 

"Hi Uncle Andy, I'm doing fine." 

Kirsten asked, "What's this about half naked crewmen?" 

I winked at Simone and said, "Didn't you get the mail I sent you. All non-paying guests are expected to be crew and help out. The crew uniform as currently modelled by Simone is either shorts or a bikini bottom....." I paused, "Oh yes you also get to wear a cute crew hat." 

There was a long period of silence from their end.

"Err Dad, are you serious?"

This was just too much fun, "Simone, can you tell them what you are wearing?" 

"Oh I'm wearing the formal crew uniform of brief shorts, no panties and crew hat. And if you don't believe me I can switch the camera on!"

Christina said, "Ok I'll bite, what's the informal version?"

"Just the cap," came the swift reply. 

There was another pause, and then we could hear some whispering in the background. 

"Do we get hats with our names embroidered on them?"

That was enough to set Simone and I off, we burst out laughing. 

"Crap Dad, you can be an evil bastard when you try."

I said, "Hey, in my defence it's what Simone's wearing." 

I left Simone talking to the girls and I concentrated on not colliding with several vessels that we were approaching. To my relief it sounded like they were getting on fine. I sort of expect that Kirsten and Christina will be plotting their revenge on me and I wouldn't be surprised if Simone is offering to help them.  

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 

It was about two hours later that I saw the chateau on the hill and the landing stage at the river's edge. As I manoeuvred Rosie closer I noticed that there had been a couple of changes to the landing stage. Someone had repaired all the old wood, and strung new tyres along its length. There was a new sign attached to it. 

