 Well I'm back here again. It didn't take long to christen the remaining rooms in my new home.

I went to work last weekend as I believe I told you I had to. I work for a television production company and had to travel into the city for the day. I didn't much relish the trip up on the train, but it is the easiest way to travel. The train journey up was uneventful and due to a few technical difficulties I ended up staying in a mates flat overnight, with the prospect of a train journey home late morning and numerous rail works and bus journeys.

Fortunately, a couple of the crew were heading out of the city in my direction and offered to drop me off on their way. We chatted about work and general topics on the drive back including my new house. That gave me an idea which I broached with them as we pulled up outside.

"Could you two do me a big favour? I have this really heavy glass topped dining room table and was wondering if you could put it up for me."

"Oh yeah we can do that but it'll cost you a lager." Mike replied.

I opened the door and the two guys followed me through to the dining room, where lay the bits for my table. They started to assemble it as I went into the kitchen for the bottles of lager.

"Would you like anything to eat?" I asked them as I rummaged through the cupboards.

"No you're alright there love." Gary replied.

As I walked back through into the dining room, they were just lifting the glass top onto the base.

"Thanks a million; at least we'll have somewhere to eat on Friday now." I said as I handed the lagers over. 

I sat on one of the chairs and the two guys sat on others.

"So what have you guys got on the schedule for the rest of the week?"

"We are shooting a lingerie promo." Mike replied.

"Oh I bet that is fun. I love nice lingerie."

"We had noticed that." Mike said looking at the front of my blouse, as it was unbuttoned to show my cleavage and the lacy edge of my blue chemise.

"Have you ever filmed any porn films?" I asked.

"I filmed a few friends once." Gary replied as Mike shook his head.

"I've always fancied being filmed but never had the courage to ask anyone to do it...." I tailed off feeling a bit self conscious.

The two guys looked at each other and smiled.

"Tell you what....give us a floor for the night and a couple more beers and we'll shoot you a nice little film." Gary said.

"Oh...err...ok." I stammered, having been put on the spot like that. 

"I'll get the gear out the van and you two decide where we should start and how things should go." Mike said as he got to his feet. I too stood and as he passed me he kissed me deeply.

Now Mike must be at least 6 foot and he has dark hair, cut fairly short. He has the deepest brown eyes framed by long dark lashes that I and many girls were envious of. He was lean and had fairly muscled arms, I guess from carrying all the camera gear about. As I watched him leave the room I noticed he had a lovely tight bum.

I turned back to Gary, his hair was lighter and he too had it cut short. His eyes on the other hand were of a blue/green and were gorgeous to gaze into. He stood slightly shorter than Mike and maybe carried a little extra weight. I would not have chucked either guy out of my bed based on their looks and this was before anything else had happened.

"You got any ideas?" Gary asked, staring at me intently.

"Oh I usually have lots of ideas as I write erotic stories as a hobby, but right at the moment I'm clean out of them." I replied.

"Here have a lager......it'll help to relax you."

"I don't drink......" I started then looking at the proffered bottle, "oh what the heck." I finished as I took the bottle from him and drank from it. "Eurgh and you drink this for pleasure?"

"Now that's more like you," he laughed at me and then pulled me into an embrace. 

I could feel his prick, already semi-erect against my hip. I leant into him, pushing myself against his prick; as he leant down to kiss me. His tongue explored my mouth and I responded. As we continued to kiss I felt his prick twitching against me.

"Enough of that, I've not set the camera up yet." Mike said as he struggled in with a couple of cameras and gear.

"Can I help?" I asked. He shook his head, so I went and sat on the dining chair behind the door, still clutching the remains of the lager. I took another sip, before placing the bottle on the table. I then pulled my feet up and rested my heels on the edge of the seat, with my arms wrapped around my knees, and head resting on them as I watched them set to work.

They worked really well together, never getting in each others way, as first one camera then the second was set up, together with sound equipment. I found myself wondering if they'd work that well together on my body. I drifted into a day dream of me sucking one prick, whilst the other fucked my pussy. I was roused from it by Mike and found myself aroused.

"We are now ready for action." He smiled at me, "I think first off we'll have to remove some clothing......you do it slowly looking at this camera the whole time."

He handed me my jacket, which I put on, only to remove again almost immediately. I proceeded to unzip my skirt and as I started to lower it, I turned sideways to the camera. It dropped to the floor once I had eased it over my ass. I slowly unbuttoned my blouse, and slowly lowered it from my shoulders; it too joined my skirt and jacket on the floor.

I stood there in a pale blue chemise with suspenders and pale lemon trim, black stockings and my heeled shoes. Gary stood behind the camera and gestured a stretch, I followed his lead, stretching and sighing. He then moved to the chair I had previously occupied.

He was now naked and had a lovely long slim prick; I automatically licked my lips, and heard Mike sigh.

"Good." He picked the camera up and moved it to the left a bit. "Now we'll just have you notice him and do what you want and feel comfortable with."

As he spoke my eyes never left the gorgeous prick, sitting proud from Gary's lap, nestled in his pubic hair.

"Ok....go."

I moved slowly forward, as I reached Gary I leant down to kiss him, my tongue exploring his mouth, one hand behind his head, caressing his short cropped hair, the other stroking his prick. It twitched at each touch, as though it had a life of its own. I went to my knees I wanted to taste him, to have that lovely prick in my mouth. The camera all but forgotten as my lips encircled the head of his prick. Slowly I took his full length into my mouth, leaving it glistening with my saliva as I withdrew. Licking the lovely head of his prick I again looked towards the camera, before again taking his length into my mouth, he sighed as I grazed my teeth down his shaft.

Placing my hands on his knees, I pushed them apart and lowered my mouth to his balls, running my tongue up the centre. Taking each into my mouth, I flicked my tongue over and around each, feeling them contract slightly.

As I ran my tongue up the full length of his lovely prick, I stood.

"You have a lovely prick." I whispered as I leant forward.

Mike's hands grabbed my buttocks and pulled my forward, his lovely hard throbbing prick pressed tightly between his stomach and my pelvis. Adjusting my position slightly his prick slipped between my legs, and stroked my pussy lips, as I moved back and forth.

"Fuck me." He ordered.

As I stood on tip toes, he guided the head of his prick to my pussy. I slowly dropped back to my feet, feeling his prick fill me. We both sighed. As he freed my breasts from my chemise I planted my feet on the bars of the chair. Having gained control of the pace I slowly fucked him, taking his full length and withdrawing until only the very tip was at the opening of my hot wet depths.

I was vaguely aware that Mike had moved in close behind me, with the camera, and that he had another set to capture our expressions. My eyes were closed as Gary suckled at my nipples and caressed my buttocks as I continued to fuck him.

There was a movement behind me and an imperceptible nod from Gary, before his hands moved to grab my buttocks in a firm grip. He then stood with my still astride him. Whereby he walked to the table and set my down on it. I caught my breath as the cold glass touched my hot flesh.

Now, with him in control, he leant over me and forced me flat on the table, again I sighed as the remainder of my body met with cold glass. It fuelled my desire, cold on heat; I guess that is why ice cubes can be so erotic. He fucked me harder and faster, with my legs wrapped around his waist I met each thrust.

Presently, he straightened my legs and lifted them to his shoulders, then continued his deep strokes into my hot wet pussy. Each stroke was brushing, caressing, my G-spot. I felt my orgasm building as he built up the pace to bring himself of. With one final stroke he groaned and fell on top of me, my pussy contracting against his spurting prick as I too reached my orgasm with a moan.

"Nice very nice...." Groaned Mike from over Garys shoulder. He pulled out of me and as he moved aside he helped me off the table.

I was aware of the bulge in Mikes trousers, my hand went to it and caressed it through his jeans. He groaned again.

"Oh it must be your turn next," I sighed huskily at him.

Gary slipped his lovely ass back into his boxers and then donned his t-shirt.

"Yeah I think the stairs would be good." Gary said as he then downed the rest of the lager.

"There're more in the fridge if you'd like,"

He went through into the kitchen, as the key turned in the back door. 

"Hello, are you....." The voice trailed off as she sighted the half dressed man by the fridge. "Well I'd guess you can't be a burglar undressed like that. Debs you here too?"

"I'm here." I answered as I walked out into the kitchen with my suit jacket over my underwear.

There stood Sarah with a pint of milk in her hand, staring at Gary. He stepped forward and took the milk from her, and planted a kiss on her lips.

"Hi luscious lips." He said as he looked at me questionably. I shrugged my shoulders at him. "Would you like to come and play with us?" 

She looked at me and I nodded slightly, and she nodded at him.

"Oh sorry this is Sarah. Sarah this is Gary and Mark is in the hall setting the camera up." 

Just as I finished speaking, Mark came through from the hall, he had removed his trousers and his erection prodded at the material of his boxers.

"Hello there, I heard you are going to join us."

"Oh yes." She sighed as she took her eyes away from Gary and fastened them onto the front of Mark's boxers. 

We wandered through to the hall, Gary bringing up the rear as he put the milk in the fridge and claimed a couple more bottles of lager.

"How shall we play this?" Mark asked as he stood with his back to the front door.

"I think Debs should sit on the stairs and I should go down on her as she missed out the other evening...." Sarah answered immediately.

Both guys looked at me questionly, I smiled back at them.

"That sounds like a grand idea." Mark said as I walked past him and sat on the fifth stair.

"You need to move up one." Sarah said as she bent over in front of me. 

As I slid my ass up the one stair, she pulled it forward to the edge and rubbed my already swollen clit with her fingers. She then lowered her lips to my clit and licked it, her tongue brushing lightly over it. As she continued to lick and suck my lower lips, her tongue occasionally seeking my warm pussy, Mark moved around behind her and lifted her skirt over her ass. 

He caressed her buttocks and then slid her thong aside to reveal her pussy lips. He bent to kiss and lick and suck them. He then stood and removed his boxers, before directing his hard throbbing prick into her already wet pussy. As he slowly pushed his full length into her pussy she sighed. He withdrew until the head of his prick rested in her pussy then pushed the full length into her again, all the while she continued to lick and stroke my pussy. He then started to stroke her tight little bum hole.

"You ever had this nice little ass fucked?" He asked as he gently probed her with his finger. She shook her head, her hair tickling my thighs as she did so. "Oh so today is my lucky day then."

He slipped her thong down her legs and she stepped out of it. He slipped three fingers into her wet pussy, then again stroked her tight little ass. He rested the head of his prick on her hole and gently pushed. She moaned slightly but pushed back against him. I pulled her up and kissed her deeply as I released her breasts from her top, and caressed them.

Sarah used her hands on the stair to brace herself against his thrusts, as he picked up the pace. In and out of her tight ass he thrust, she moaned every time. Her moans built as I leant forward and started to caress her clit. He groaned as he neared his climax. Suddenly he withdrew from her and shot his load over her ass and back.

He then again slipped three fingers into her pussy as I continued to stroke her clit. Between us we bought her to a shuddering climax shortly after his. She flopped onto the second stair and sat there panting with her head in my lap. I brushed her hair away from her face and she smiled up at me.

"Fuck that was good. I didn't realise what I'd been missing by always saying no to guys."

"We have a convert here." Mark smiled as he picked up his boxers. He leant forward and kissed her on the lips. "Thanks."

"I think that's a wrap." Gary said. He switched both the cameras off.

"For the time being it is." Both Sarah and I said together. We then laughed at the look on the faces of the two guys. We all got dressed and finished off the lagers whilst sat in the kitchen.

Sarah left after a couple of hours and the guys stayed the night but nothing else exciting happened. They left early the following morning with the promise that they would edit the video and send me a copy...