 I believe I've achieved my ultimate goal – I am a Dirty Old Man!

This is the eleventh chapter in this series - I strongly recommend you to read the previous chapters in order before this one, it's not going to make a lot of sense otherwise.

I can't thank Romantic1 enough for the time he spent reviewing and editing this and the previous chapters.

  *********************

"Christ I'm cuming," I cried out as I felt the familiar tightening in my balls. 

"Cum in me, I'm so close," she called out. 

The burning sensation ran up the length of my cock, hot jets of cum hit her cervix, and her orgasm joined mine in a mutual explosion. We all collapsed back on the bed and I had my arms around both of them. We dragged the bed cover over us, and the three of us gently caressed each other until sleep claimed us. 

************************

The river trip.

The events of the past few days must have caught up with us all, for the first time in a long while I overslept. I was woken by a knocking on the hull. I quickly slipped pair of shorts and tee shirt on and went to see who it was. As I moved Simone stirred and I warned her that we may have visitors. 

George and Rachael were standing at the foot of the gangplank and behind them stood the children. I could hear Simone moving around in the galley, so I invited them on board. 

Rachael said, "I hope you don't mind but they didn't want to go to the school until they said goodbye to their mother." 

"Of course not," then I turned to the children and said, "Your mummy's in the kitchen." 

Michael looked at me seriously and told me, "It's called a galley on a boat." 

I smiled, "I know I'm sorry," and watched as they both disappeared below deck. 

Simone called up, "Come on down, the coffee is almost ready." 

She had a towelling robe on and she'd found the time to wash her face and brush her hair. The children were sitting on the stools at the breakfast bar chattering away in French to their mother. Anna held her arms out to me and I picked her up and gave her a cuddle. 

She whispered in my ear, "Thank you Andy, I haven't seen mummy so happy for a long time." Then she rubbed my beard and said, "This is scratchy."

I laughed and put her down on the stool. Simone had already poured George and Rachael a cup of coffee, and she handed me my customary mug. I could hear the shower running and Lisette singing in the background. 

Simone said, "I told her to use our shower, it's nicer that the one in her cabin." I guess she was trying to explain why Lisette was in our end of the boat to her father. 



George said to Michael and Anna, "You need to say your goodbyes, we need to get going soon." 

They went and hugged their mother, then came and hugged me. 

Simone said, "Be good, I love you and we will see you on Friday. She walked to the car with them and gave them a last kiss before they drove off. 

As she walked back to me I saw a tear rolling down her cheek. I held my arms out to her and she slid between them and allowed me to hug her. 

She saw my concerned expression and smiled at me, "Don't worry, I'm just happy that they love us both, and that we will be seeing them in a few days. A few weeks ago I would never have thought that this could be possible. The 'family' is right, you are a miracle worker." 

I kissed her and told her I love her, she smiled and went off to get a shower and get dressed. I went and sat in the captain's chair and watched the morning traffic on the river moving past. 

Lisette appeared wrapped in a towel on her way to her cabin. She plonked herself down on my lap and raised her lips to mine demanding her good morning kiss. 

She said, "Ugh, you have morning breath, in fact you smell ... of ... sex." 

I laughed and said, "Some of this is your fault. I didn't get a chance to shower because of our early morning guests, I will as soon as Simone is done." I suddenly wondered if George or Rachel had picked up my delicious smell but been too polite to mention it.

"Hey I'm not complaining, in fact I love the way you smell, it makes me go all quivery and wet." She jumped down and said, "I'm going to get dressed, any preferences?"

"Nope, you look beautiful whatever you wear." 

She curtsied and blew me a kiss before disappearing down to her cabin. She was unwrapping her towel as she went allowing me to glimpse her pert ass. I sniffed at myself and recoiled, a night of hot sex had indeed left me somewhat odorous. I'm surprised the children hadn't complained. 

   ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 

I went down to the bathroom and found Simone drying her hair. I kissed the back of her neck and stripped off and dived into the shower. The water beat down on my head and I started to feel a new man. I washed myself down until I felt that squeaky clean feeling. 

I entered the cabin towelling myself dry, to be met by the beautiful sight of Simone sitting cross-legged on the bed brushing her hair naked. My body responded in the only way it could. My cock rose to full firmness. She laughed when she saw my predicament and moved to the edge of the bed and let her legs fall apart. As I moved between her thighs, she grasped the shaft of my cock and then sucked the head into her mouth. 

I groaned and my cock quivered with the sensation of her lips and tongue rolling over my sensitive glans. I muttered, "Oh god that feels fucking amazing." 

Her hand stroked the shaft as she sucked the head with increased vigour, making my toes curl. 

I groaned, "If you keep this up I'm not going to be able to control myself!" 

She looked up at me with a wicked grin, while still stroking the shaft of my cock. "Good, I want to taste my lovers cum," then she bent her head down and swallowed the head of my cock again. 

The sensations were sucking at the core of my being. I could feel the tightness growing in my balls, then washed out and into her mouth. Cum filled her mouth, and she had to swallow to make room for the last trickles. I groaned and my knees went weak and I had to fight to stay standing. She looked up at me and smiled showing me my cum in her mouth, a little trickle running down her chin. I dropped to my knees and we kissed and shared my life juice between us. 

I said, "Simi, I love you." And I meant it with all my being. 

She looked thoughtfully at me, "Hmm,'Simi'....yes, I like that." She tried out the words to herself, "Andy and Simi, Simi and Andy," and smiled. 

Her kitty lips looked so inviting beaded with her juice, her sweet sensual aroma tickling my nose. My tongue ran up from the puckered rose of her ass to the hard nub of her clit, savouring her taste. She gasped and lay back propping her head up on a pillow so she could see me. Her hands went round the back of my head so she could control my movements. She'd just given me the most amazing oral sex, it was my turn to give her as much pleasure as I could. 

I buried my face between her thighs, my tongue working its way into the opening of her cunt. My thumb was circling the opening of her ass. I felt it pulsate and moisten as her juices trickled down. My thumb slick with her juices slide in and I rotated it. She moaned and her hands pulled my face closer. While my tongue darted in and out of her cunt, the fingers of my other hand were caressing the nub of her clitoris as it rose from the clitoral hood. 

She was moaning constantly. Her head was shaking from side to side, and she was rocking her pelvis against my face. She raised her legs and placed them on my shoulders. I pulled my head back just enough to be able to slide three fingers inside her. They knew the way to her G spot and I was stroking it in that come here motion that immediately sent her into ecstasy. 

Simone was moaning, "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck," over and over and her legs were shaking. I was moving my fingers against her G spot, and my thumb in her ass. I sucked on her clit and that was enough to trigger a mind blowing orgasm. The muscles in her cunt clamped down and her thighs slammed tight round my head. 

"Holy fuuucckk," she cried out, then she relaxed and I could move. 

I heard a whimpering from behind me. Turning I saw Lise sat on the floor in the doorway. She'd pulled her skirt up. Her legs had flopped open and her thong was down by one ankle. Her pussy was exposed to my gaze. Her hand was moving rapidly, her fingers dipping in and out of her cunt, and her thumb frantically rubbing her clit. The whimpering grew louder and her unfocused eyes stared blankly at me. I'd sat down on the floor leaning against the bed, and I watched as her orgasm hit. Her mouth open in a soundless cry. Her legs slamming shut trapping her fingers. 

Simone had seen the last few moments of Lise's orgasm. She'd turned round on the bed and was lying on her stomach, her head resting beside mine.

"My god she's hot, when she cums," she whispered to me. I nodded in agreement. 

Lise came down from her high and opened her eyes. She saw us watching her and she blushed in embarrassment, and to our surprise started sobbing. I held out my arms to her and she crawled the short distance between us. She collapsed in my arms sobbing. 

She whispered, her voice quivering as she tried to suppress her sobs. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry I didn't mean to watch you, but it was so beautiful. It turned me on so much I had to touch myself." 

Simone lent forward and kissed the top of her head, "Why are you sorry, we both thought it was beautiful to watch you abandoning yourself to your pleasure." 

I said, "We don't mind you watching, I wish you'd felt comfortable enough to join in." 

My back was getting sore sitting on the floor, so I moved the pair of us onto the bed beside Simone. We placed the young woman between us and put our arms round her, comforting her, she was still shaking as she sobbed. 

She kept saying, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, you must hate me."

I kissed her and said, "Lise darling, we don't hate you, we love you. You're very special."

Her face brightened, "You mean it don't you."

Simone answered, "Of course we do, and didn't we prove it last night. You are a member of our family for as long as you want. 

Lisette sat up between us looking down at our faces. She asked inquisitively, "What do you mean by that?" 

I looked at Simone and she nodded in agreement to my unanswered question. 

I said, "Let's get comfortable and I will explain everything." 

I had meant that Simi and I should get dressed and we would find a comfortable corner to sit in. Lise had other ideas. She promptly stripped off her top and lacy bra, and then her skirt. She got herself comfortable by leaning back against Simone and draping her legs over my lap. Her little tuft of pubic hair was still moist and sticky from her earlier efforts. 

Simone and I had to smile at each other, and we got ourselves comfortable, tucking the pillows around ourselves.

I said, "This was something I had hoped to discuss with you over Christmas, but it looks like now is as good a time as any. Do you remember on your first night the rather unusual sleeping arrangements amongst our guests?" 

"Yes.... well I think so."

I took a deep breath and began my explanation about the concept and the origins of the 'family'. It took me over twenty minutes, with Simi continually interrupting, to cover all the relevant points. 

At the end Simone took over, "What this idiot has been trying to say is we'd like you to join the 'family'. We know that the others you met like you, so please?" 

Lisette was crying so much she couldn't speak, she just nodded and kissed us both time and time again. 

I had my arm around her and I was gently caressing her pert breast. Simone had wriggled down so her head was in my lap. Every now and again her tongue would dart out and lick my cock, and I was stroking her hair with my other hand. 

Finally Lisette asked us, "What does it mean for me, what do I need to do?" 

"Good question," I replied. "In the short term the family will pay your tuition and student costs. We will cover you student loan. When you are not at university you can stay with us or any other of the family members." 

I paused for a moment, "I need to get the laptop to show you something." 

Lise jumped up, "I'll get it, don't move," and shot out of the cabin. 

I looked at Simone and said, "I'm getting too old for this, Christ love, she's thirty-one years younger than me." 

Simi laughed, "You have restored my faith in you as the ultimate dirty old man. For a minute there I thought you were going sentimental on me." 

"You know that this makes no difference to us, I still love you." 

Lisette's voice echoed down the boat, "I can't find it, where did you put it last?" 

Simone called, "Try the cupboard in the wheelhouse, and could you bring coffee for us please." 

"Will do."

She looked at me, "I know you love me, that's why I'm so comfortable with Lise." 

I said, "I don't think she'll be with us forever, she's too beautiful to stay single for long." 

Simone agreed, "Look at the way she's blossomed in the past few days, she'll be fighting the boys off at university."

As she returned, Lise handed me the laptop and placed a pair of coffee mugs beside the bed. She said, "I heard what you said, what happens if I don't meet someone? Will you get rid of me?"

We both looked at her in shock. I said, "Good god, no. That's not what we meant. We just think that at some point in the future you'll meet someone and you won't want to stay with us anymore." 

Lisette snorted in derision, "Don't be daft; I'm going to be like Julia and love you for the rest of my life. Any boyfriend I get is going to have to accept that I have two other lovers in my life." She looked at us and said nervously, "I do have you two, don't I?" 

Simone took her in her arms and said, "We are very proud that you want us as your lovers."

Lisette sat back and watched as I booted the laptop up and logged onto the family website. 

I said, "Welcome to the family, everything you want to know about us is somewhere in these pages."

"I thought that it was just the six of you, it looks like a lot more, isn't it?"

"Yep, it's grown over the years. Now there's almost twenty of us all over the world, plus a few of the children are waiting to join when they are eighteen." 

At this Lise looked somewhat worried. "Do you mean people sleep with their children?"

I could see why she may think this so I hurried to explain. "Not to my knowledge, I didn't even know my kids were members until a couple of week ago. Lise, I'd stepped back from the family after Ros died. It took Julia and Simi to help me reconnect." 

I took a sip of coffee and continued, "I think it's important that you understand that the family is not and never will be a glorified swingers club. It's all about love, respect and support, not sex. Of course there is sex, I don't deny it. But we do it because we want to, not because it's expected of us. Some of us have never have, and never will make love to some of the family. I've slept with most of the men in the family at one time of other. I've never had sex with them. I'm just not that way inclined, but it doesn't mean I don't love them." 

"For some of us, the sex is a confirmation of our relationship with each other – a way to say in the utmost that I love you with all my heart. An outsider wouldn't necessarily understand that we say that to multiple people."

Simone added, "The thought of sex with others worried me at first, but Angie and Andy helped me understand that I could set the boundaries of who, what and when, and nobody would question my right to do so."

"So I can set my own boundaries?" 

"You not only can, but we expect you to do it."

I took the laptop away from her. I muttered to myself, "Let's see if I can remember how to do this?" After a couple of mistakes I managed to create a new account for Lisette on the website. 

I gave her it back to her, "You need to create your passwords, one to log in and a second to get past the front page, Kirsten been beefing up the security again. And shit, I've just noticed we all need new ones each month." 

I sat back and watched as Lise fingers flew across the keyboard. After a few moments she wriggled down into a comfortable position and we lost her to the screen. The tip of her tongue protruding from the corner of her mouth as she concentrated. 

She barely noticed as we stood up and got dressed, we headed to the galley and started making a late breakfast. 

Simone asked, "How long do you think we've got before she surfaces?" 

I smiled, "About two hours, then the battery dies, she left the cable here. Do you think I did the right thing asking her to join the family?"

"I know you did. Hey do we have time to go shopping?"



I asked, "What do we need to get?" 

"We could do with some food and bits. I'll let Lise know we will be back in an hour. Maybe we could pick up a little 'Welcome to the Family' present for Lise?"

I said "That sounds like a nice idea,"

I watched her poke her head into the cabin and talk to Lise.

She laughed as she walked back to me, "She barely heard me she's so wrapped in the laptop, and she's chatting with Kirsten."  

  *************** 

Gifts

We walked to the morning market on the village square and Simone worked her magic with the stall holders. As we slowly strolled back to Rosie an hour or so later we passed a jewellers shop and something in the window caught my eye. I dragged Simone in to the shop and got the assistant to pull the items I'd seen from the window display. It was a chain with a pendent of three interlinked hearts, made from different coloured gold each set with a corresponding stone. With a matching bracelet 

"I know you said a little present, but what about the pendant for Lise. One heart for each of us." 

"It's beautiful, I'd love to get it for her."

I turned to the assistant, "This is beautiful work, what are the stones in it?"

"Thank you, I'll tell my father that you like it. The white and yellow stones are diamonds, and the reds a ruby, the ones on the pendant are each half a carrot. The ones on the bracelet are quarter of a carrot each." 

"Your father made this?" 

"Yes, we have a workshop upstairs." 

The workmanship was excellent and I had a thought. I asked, "Do you think he could make the bracelet fit an ankle?"

"I don't see why not, I'll get him and we can find out."

Simi asked, "Why would you want to do that?" 

"Because I want you to wear it." 

"Ohhh, thank you." 

The assistant's father appeared from the back of the shop and I explained what I wanted. 

He said, "That's easy, I can do it right now if you can give me ten minutes?" 

We nodded and he disappeared. True to his word he was back in ten minutes and it looked perfect clasped around Simone's ankle. 

I had another thought. I turned to Simi, "We are going to need wedding rings. This work is really good, I think we should get them to make our rings?" 

Simone agreed and twenty minutes later we left the shop with the pendant and chain in my pocket. The jeweller had helped us design the perfect pair of one of a kind wedding rings. I left the shop with my bank account a few thousand euros lighter, but feeling a lot happier. 

We got back to the boat and found Lisette sitting at the breakfast bar with the laptop open in front of her and plugged into the mains. Somewhere along the way she'd found time to get dressed. 

She looked up at us and said, "The 'family' is so cool. I've been talking to Kirsty and she's been showing me around. We've chatted with so many of the family." Then she jumped up and hugged me, "Thank you, thank you for asking me to join the family, I love you both so much." 

Then she hugged Simone. I took the pendant and chain out of its box and handed it to Simone and she placed it round Lise's neck. Lise froze in place, bending her head down to see what Simone had done.
