 "Lovely," he said, sounding genuinely pleased. "Cherry red arse, and a nicely swollen wet pussy. Someone's enjoying themselves here. I think it's my go..."

He entered her field of view and knelt in front of her face. The crotch of his worn jeans was right in front of her face. Big hands pulled at his belt buckle, a whisper of leather and a jangle of the buckle as it came undone, and then he tugged at the button-down fly. He pushed his jeans over his hips. He was going commando and his cock was right there. Right in front of her face.

"Open up, dirty girl," he laughed. Jesus. She hadn't got much choice, had she, and perhaps once he'd had what he wanted he would let her go. She wished he wouldn't laugh at her though. "Hurry up!" he held her head still, fingers twisted into her hair. Obligingly she opened her mouth - wide. He smacked his cock across her cheeks before shoving it into her mouth.

He wasn't going easy on her. He forced his cock in as far as he could push it, and then pulled on her hair, tugging her head into his crotch, stuffing his cock further down. She gagged on it and her eyes were wide as she began to panic. He withdrew and let her gasp for air before shoving it in again. This time he went past her gag reflex, into her throat, and his pubic hair tickled her nose. She could smell him - a faint tang of laundry powder from his clothes, fresh sweat, soap. Arousal.

"Mmmm, good girl. You love sucking cock, don't you?"

She nodded. It seemed like the right thing to do, but if she was honest, she actually did love sucking dick. Normally it made her feel powerful - after all, his most precious body part was in her mouth - but not this time.

"Say it then, little slut."

"I like sucking cock," she whispered.

"Not quite," he chided. "Be proud of what you do!"

"I love sucking cock," she said, louder this time.

"Attagirl!" And he fed his length to her again, fucking her face. When he pulled away a few minutes later, tears mixed with saliva ran down her chin.

"Well," he said, "I'm glad I tested out one hole. You've got others though and I plan to use them. I like my receptacles clean though, so you're gonna get a wash. Now, I'm going to untie you in a moment, but first I need to know you'll do what I say. So here's some persuasion."

He produced a mobile phone and poked at it for a moment, then held it in front of her face. She saw herself, her own face, looking dishevelled and a bit pink. And she heard herself saying how much she loved to suck cock.

"If you scream for help, or you run, I'm sending this to everyone at work. They'll all know what a slut you are. So behave, okay? I told you - I won't hurt you, I'm just making you be a bit more honest. Remember that."

He was undoing the ropes that bound her to the table. Her mouth ached, her arse stung, and her pussy... Well. Best not to think about it, she decided, and followed him into the bathroom meekly.

"In the tub," he directed. "Good. Now all fours."

She thought he'd just want her to shower in front of him. She wasn't sure what he was doing with the shower head - he'd unscrewed it so that just the hose hung from the fixture. 

"Okay... All set. This isn't very hot, just warm. Now, I'm going to stick something into your arsehole. No pushing it out or we'll have to go through the spanking thing again, and we don't want that, do we?"

She felt a smear of lube on her hole and then something slim pushed into her. It didn't hurt - she'd played with anal a fair bit - but she didn't know what it was. Until he turned on the water, and she realised he was making exceptionally sure of her cleanliness. Warm liquid began to flood her rectum.

"Wait, what, I don't... What are you doing? Jesus!"

"Relax! I'm not sticking anything up there til I know you're squeaky clean. You'll appreciate it later anyway. Trust me."

The water kept flowing. He reached down and played with her pussy and she whimpered. Her insides were starting to cramp.

"Okay. That's enough for now," he said, turning off the tap. "Now stand up for me."

She did as he asked, but her belly felt weird. Her insides were all tense. She knew that if she relaxed, the contents of her insides would end up everywhere. She'd be mortified...

"Out here, on the tiles," he motioned for her to climb out of the tub, then turn to face it. He nudged her feet apart. "Hands on the side,". She bent forward, hands on the edge of the bath, legs spread. Oh, god, the cramps!

He tickled her arsehole and watched it clench. She squeaked in alarm. Then he rather abruptly inserted two fingers into her vagina, rotating them, stretching her a little.

"No no no!" she was so afraid of letting go of the enema that this extra invasion didn't really register, except as something that made her want the toilet to herself. Right. About. Now.

"Very well," he said. "You can let it go. Then have a shower, wash yourself thoroughly. I'll be back in when you've done that." And with that, he rose and exited the bathroom, closing the door behind himself. She moved as fast as she dared to the toilet, sitting down gratefully, and relaxed. She realised with a sense of utter humiliation that the awful noises her body was making as it voided were clearly audible through the bathroom door. She wondered if he'd recorded that, too.

She showered, washing a film of sweat from her face, making sure everywhere was clean. She didn't want to go through that again. As she started to wrap herself in a towel, he came back in.

"Good girl! Now you're ready for me. Well, almost. I just want a few little extras."

He surprised her totally by dipping his head and pulling one of her nipples into his mouth. She gasped in surprise (and, if she was honest, a bit of pleasure) and he sucked at it - hard. When he released it, the nipple was swollen and erect. 

He pulled a small item from his pocket and she yelped as he tightened the clamp onto the nipple. He repeated the action on the other nip. 

"Those stay for a while, I think. They look so cute! And if you need some extra persuasion, I have weights for them," He stepped back and smiled appreciatively. "Something's missing though. Ah... I know!"

He stood behind her and buckled on a wide leather collar. Solid looking rings hung from it. He stepped back and snapped a picture with the hated mobile phone.

"I don't want to gag you," he said. "I will if I have to. But I don't want to do it, and I don't think I have to. Now. You choose. What would you like me to work on first?"

"I don't understand," she said, looking at the floor. Her nipples ached - one more odd pain to add to the others.

"I mean, you choose. Arse or cunt?"

"What?!"

"I'm going to ruin them both, but you can decide which one goes first. I'm nice like that. And as long as you always tell the truth, I promise you that you'll come. Probably more than once. Who knows what we'll find out about you!"

Oh, god. How the hell could she even contemplate... She decided to delay the inevitable.

"Pussy."

"No, say it. Say cunt for me."

"Cunt."

"Cunt, PLEASE. Ask me to ruin your nice tight cunt."

She took a breath.

"Please sir, ruin my tight little cunt first," she whispered.

"It'll be my pleasure," he beamed. He took her hand and led her towards the bed. It was covered with extra towels, pillows, and an assortment of other things - a lifelike dildo, thin gloves of the kind doctors used, lube, two or three butt plugs, a wooden ruler, several golf balls (her mind boggled), and some other things that she'd never seen before.

She did as he was directing and sat up on the bed. He'd allowed her to rest her back up against the headboard, but he pushed her legs apart. He produced leather cuffs, attaching her wrists to her ankles. His movements weren't overly forceful, just efficient, like he'd done this plenty of times before. He pushed her feet apart, splaying her legs and displaying her most private parts. There wasn't a lot she could do. Run? Not with her wrists bound to her ankles. Scream? What would be the point - it was a busy city centre hotel, she was sure the staff heard their fair share of couples' tiffs, noisy sex, rowdy parties. She was, she reasoned, helpless. 

Her captor checked his phone and smiled. He crossed the room and to her surprise, unlocked the hotel room door.