 Tales of a dirty old man - Ch 5 I describe myself as a wannabe Dirty old man, not because I am one, but because as my best friend Karen keeps telling me, there is no higher accolade and so I should aim to be one.

This is the fifth chapter in this series - I would strongly advise you to read the previous chapters in order before this one

Again this story would not have been possible without the feedback and encouragement I received from Romantic1

***********************************

"That was the best fuck I've ever had," Simone gasped. "Please don't pull out; I want you to stay there while we sleep." 

I wriggled down into a more comfortable position whilst remaining connected, and she sighed with pleasure and resting her head on my shoulder quickly fell asleep. I ran my hands down her back marvelling in the softness of her skin before joining her in sleep. 

***********************

And four become six

I woke next morning, and we were still in the same position, my morning woody was buried inside Simone and her muscles were twitching. She looked down at me and grinned in delight, "Oh goody you're awake, and I thought I was going to have to do all the work." She pulled herself up and straddled my hips without losing contact and slowly sank back down on me, until my glans touched her cervix, then with a groan began to ride me.

"God that feels so good," I groaned and started lifting my hips to meet her; I had waves of pleasure running down my cock. 

Simone was moaning each time I filled her; I fondled her breasts and teased her nipples. She took mine between her fingers and squeezed them, and the sensations swept from them to the tip of my dick. Neither of us was able to last very long and we came in a mutual orgasm a few moments later. 

She regretfully pulled herself off me and the evidence of our love dripped out of her cunt and pooled in my groin. "You are the best alarm clock ever," I told her, as I held her tightly and kissed her.

"I'm making you all messy," she worried. 

"Nothing a shower can't cure, and in any case it's as much mine as it is yours," and I dipped a finger in it and tasted it and smiled, then offered it to her and she greedily sucked it. "You, young lady are a wanton hussy." 

"I know," she said, "and I'm your wanton hussy, my dirty old man."

We had a shower together, a quick one, but that didn't stop our hands roaming over each other's bodies. 

We got dressed, I wandered over to the galley and got the coffee going, soon the coffee aroma was drifting through Rosie, and I opened the windows, hatches and doors to let a gentle cooling breeze blow through the cabins. The morning sunlight glinted off the water and the paintwork of the few other boats moored nearby. The sky was that pale eggshell blue familiar to all who have visited Province, and the scent of freshly baked bread drifted in on the breeze. 

Simone handed me a mug of coffee with cream and no sugar, just the way I like it. I took a sip and felt the world coming to rights. She walked over to the marina's local patisserie and came back ten minutes with some baguettes and croissants warm from the oven. 

The others made an appearance drawn from their bed by the dual scents of coffee and warm croissants, a marriage made in heaven!

"Mmm, is that a chocolate croissant I spy?" asked Julia, reaching for it. It was already in her mouth before Simone could say yes. 

Mike looked at the clock, "It's eight thirty, any minute now I reckon," and we moved to the deck to finish breakfast, and watch for Pete and Angie's arrival. 

"Who's going to tell them we've decided to stay another day and they could have taken their time getting here?" Julia asked, and three people looked at me. 

"Let's see how long it is before they notice, and in any case who was it that decided we were eating at the restaurant again tonight?" I suggested and three faces looked at me again. "Come on,' is it pick on me day?" I asked.

If the cap fits,' I was told. 

"Sex slave, I need some more coffee," I asked Simone, holding out my empty mug. She took it and disappeared down to the galley, she returned a couple of minutes later wearing the crew cap and gave me my coffee. 

"Does my master want his sex slave to pleasure him," she asked with lecherous grin and sat down on my lap and wriggled her butt into my groin. 

Julia burst out laughing, then spotted Mike about to say something to her, and stopped him with; "Don't even think it bud, if anyone is a sex slave in this marriage it's you!"

We all laughed and Mike went and knelt at Julia's feet, "Your wish is my command mistress," he hammed it up. 

We were interrupted by a car horn and the slamming of car doors. Mike looked at his watch, "Nine o'clock, not bad going!" He remarked. 

There at the end of the pontoon stood Peter and Angela beside their luggage. I jumped down to the pontoon, and Angie ran towards me and threw herself into my arms frantically kissing my face, all I could hear was, "I missed you, I missed you, I missed you so much," in between the kisses. 

Pete appeared at my shoulder and hugged us both, "Man is it good to see you, we thought we would never get here on time!"

We stood back from each other, and I got my first good look at the pair of them, I hadn't seen them in person for four years. They were both in wrinkled travel clothes, Angie was as attractive as ever, she was thirty nine, a natural red head with a slightly fuller figure, she was five foot four, and her face had a wonderful sprinkling of freckles that highlighted her striking green eyes. Pete was the same age as me, fifty, but taller at six foot two, slim and with dark hair and brown eyes. 

I heard voices behind me, and Mike and Julia appeared beside me, calling out greetings and then hugs and kisses were traded. Simone came and stood next to me, her hand seeking mine for reassurance. I put my arm around her and kissed her, and then introduced her to our new guests. 

Angie pulled Simone into a hug with herself and Pete, "You are more beautiful than I thought; the camera does lie," She told her. Then turning to me, "You better look after her."

"Oh, I intend to," I told them. "I've even asked her to marry me."

Angie squealed in delight and kissed me then Simone. Pete gave Simone another kiss and a hug then shook my hand saying, "You lucky old dog."

It took another half an hour before we were all sorted out. Angie and Mike had travelled with only hand baggage to avoid any delays, so as soon as convenient the women had disappeared in the direction of the stores to rectify any missing items.

"Don't expect them back for a couple of hours," Pete told us. "Is that going to cause an issue with the sailing time?"

I very wisely handed him a beer before replying, and I could see Mike out of the corner of my eye struggling not to laugh, "Err, not really a problem," I said, "We sort of decided last night to stay here another day," I struggled to look him in the eye. 

He sat down, and drank the beer in one go, and looked at me, "You asshole, do you know the grief I've suffered this whole trip from her in case we didn't get here on time! I had to use my contacts to get last minute seats on the Air France flight and delay the flight that had already boarded and then a small fortune to upgrade to first, and then hire a private jet to get us down here. Christ knows what the taxi cost from the airport. I just threw a handful of notes at him." He looked at me, then smiled, "And I'd do it all again, just so we could be here with you." 

"Have another beer," was all I could think to say. 

"Thanks, I will, and you better keep them coming." 

I loaded a cooler with ice and beer, and we settled down on deck to wait. Peter brought me up to date with all their news, and I told him all about Simone and then about outfitting the Rosie M. 

We were relaxed and well into our fourth beer when he surprised me by asking what I wanted to do with my account. 

"What account?" I asked. 

"The one Ros started for the pair of you seven or eight years ago," he told me. 

I looked surprised. "Its news to me," I said. "What did she use it open it?" 

"It's the money she got from her inheritance after her mother died."

Now that did surprise me as mother and daughter had been estranged since she was a teenager. I had thought she told her family she didn't want anything. I mentioned this to Pete. 

"I believe they insisted, so she told them to send it to me and I was to open an account in your names," he replied. 

"That explains it then," and sat back and sipped my beer.

Peter looked at me for some time and finally asked, "Don't you want to know how much is in the account?" 

"Can't be very much, Ros was only talking about a thousand or so."

"You are kidding aren't you; they deposited over one hundred and fifty thousand pounds!"

"Fuck, how much?" I said sitting bolt upright. "What's it worth now then?" 

"A million and change last time I checked!"

"How in god's name?" I asked.

He smiled, "I'm fucking good at what I do, and that's how!"

I raised my bottle and we touched them in a silent acknowledgment of his skill.

"So what do you want to do with it?" He asked again. 

"Transfer the change to my bank account, and hang on to the rest for the moment," I decided. 

He acknowledged my request, and we relaxed again waiting for the women to return. Peter took the opportunity to contact his office and get updated, all of the actions for Simone were on schedule, and my change turned out to be forty thousand pounds and the transfer went straight through. I decided to do a quick shop and I was back twenty minutes later and five thousand Euros poorer. 

It was getting on for lunchtime before they made an appearance, weighed down with bags but with that content look that women only get when they are completely shopped out. 

Simone bounced up with a happy smile on her face and dropping her bags at my side, and jumped on my lap, "That was so much fun, and I've got some special things just for you to enjoy!"

Peter looked at his watch and smiled, he turned to Simone, "Just about now your soon to be ex husband is going to get a shock as the receivers roll up." 

"Do I need to do anything?" she asked him.

"Does he know how to get in touch with you? Because if he does I would expect a call very soon," he remarked. 

"Only through Rachael. Oh shit I better give her a call," she said.

I got my iPhone and she called her, my French is reasonable but I only got about one word in three, as she rapidly updated Rachael with all that had happened in the past few days. 

"Oui, je vais lui divorce dès que posible," was the last thing I heard before she rang off and handed it back to me. "What happens next?" she asked Peter. 

"The legal papers have been registered with the courts, and you now control your shares and your children's trust fund. Your family solicitors are the administrators of the trust fund and our representatives are informing them of the change. Bernard will be escorted from the offices, and at the same time will be served with the divorce papers, you are requesting full custody of the children. He will be given twenty four hours to move out of the house as it's in your name, and he never had the legal right to throw you out." 

"Where are the children?" She asked.

"They are in America at a summer camp and will be there for the next two weeks," Angela told her. "We thought that they should go to your aunt after that if she agrees. You could see them there and get to know them again, away from his influence." 

"Do you think he will fight the divorce or the custody?" she asked. 

"We don't think he will after our legal team spell out the consequences of fighting it to him." 

"Thank you, thank you," she told them, and then gave them both a hug and a kiss, then she came to me and whispered in my ear, "You do solve problems and I really, really love you." 

***************************

A lazy afternoon 

We had a light lunch and spent the afternoon drinking wine and catching up. Peter and Simone sat down to discuss what she wanted to do with the business, and at one point I heard them on a conference call to the receivers, so I reminded her that she had promised ten cases of wine to the restaurant. She smiled at me, and told the receivers to ship the wine to the restaurant as soon as possible. 

Angie came and sat on my lap and brought me up to date with all their news, plus that of Paul and Ann as they had seen them couple of months ago. She took my hand and slipping it under her top, placed it on her breast, and I stroked it and played with her large erect nipple. She wriggled back into me and sighed contentedly. "You don't know how much I missed you," she told me and nibbled my ear. "Oh, Simone and Julia told me all about your dessert course last night. You will all be able taste my dessert offering tonight." 

"Am I allowed a taste now?" I asked, and she unzipped her shorts and slid her hand under her briefs and between her legs, she gasped as she eased a finger into her pussy, and then brought it out covered in her juice and I tasted it like a fine wine connoisseur. 

"Oui, Madame, that will be an excellent dessert for us to savour," I told her in my best fake French accent, and she smiled back.

"That makes me tingle all over," she told us, and she dipped her finger in again, and offered the pussy juice laden finger to Julia and Mike for approval. Simone and Peter concluded their business and wandered over for a taste as well, so Angie moved to the other lounger and slipped her shorts and mini briefs off and spread her thighs, inviting us all to taste from the source. Her lips and clit were glistening with her juices and crowned by a delightful tuft of red pussy hair. 

It was good that the marina was deserted as it basked in the late afternoon sun, otherwise Angie's loud moans from our long intimate tastings of her pussy, and the sharp cry as she came from the determined attention of Julia's tongue would have been difficult to explain.

Soon after Angie recovered she dressed, but handed me her filmy briefs with a kiss and a promise of more. The girls huddled together to start making plans for this evening. 

I slipped off to our cabin intending to grab some clothes as I guessed the girls would be taking it over again, and decided to take a quick shower while I had the chance. 

I let the warm water cascade over my body as I pondered all the changes of the past few days, from alone, to a girlfriend, to a threesome, to a foursome and now six of us! 

I felt the draft as the shower door open and first one, then a second naked woman slipped in beside me. It was a bit of a tight squeeze but that just promoted more bodily contact, as Simone then Angie began washing my body. I had two different hands working in concert on my now solid cock and I reciprocated by taking hold of both mons and used my index fingers to tease their clits; both women groaned with pleasure. 

They French kissed and seemed to come to an agreement. Angie moved back as much as she could after whispering in my ear that I should concentrate on Simone first, which I did with pleasure. I pulled Simone to me and our mouths were glued to each other's, and our tongues were duelling. Her hand was wrapped around my cock and my hand was between her legs, I had three fingers inside her and my thumb was pressing down on her clit. She was groaning constantly but pulled away from me, only to turn around and face the wall and present her buttocks. I slid my cock between them and pushed forward and upwards, and skewered her cunt with my rock hard dick, her cry of pleasure echoed around the shower. 

I was moving rapidly and her groans were growing in volume, when I felt Angie's hand slid between my legs, and stroke my balls and shaft in passing before pressing her finger onto Simone's clitoris and massaging it. 

The extra attention was more that Simone could stand and I felt her orgasm building up deep in her muscles as they gripped at my moving shaft, trying to suck it in deeper before her orgasm burst out and she clamped down with a long drawn out cry, and I could barely move. 

After a few moments she relaxed and I slipped out of her and she turned to me, and gave me a kiss and told me she loved me and I needed to look after Angie. She left the shower cubicle after pushing Angie towards me. 

We looked at each other, as the water continued to cascade over us, it had been four years since we had been alone together, and she was as beautiful as I remembered with her long red hair, full breasts and large pink nipples. She has this delightful scattering of freckles especially in her cleavage and full pussy lips crowned by a tuft of pure red pussy hair. She put her arms around me and clutched me savagely; I was able to kiss the top of her head. 

She looked up at me, and said in a plaintive voice, "Why did you go away? I needed you, we needed you. Without Ros or you we had no one we could talk to."

"I'm sorry," I told her. "It seemed the right thing to do at the time, but I'm here to stay now, I will look after you, and Simone will help me." 

"Can we stay with both of you?" 

"For as long as you need," I told her. 

She relaxed her hold and sighed contentedly, "Thank you." Then tilting her head up further, kissed me deeply and passionately. "I do love you, and so does Pete." 

"I know, and you know that I will always love both of you!" 

I looked at her and knew what I had to do, I shut off the water and she gave a little shiver. I wrapped a towel around her and led her to the cabin, Simone was sitting naked on the bed drying her hair, and she smiled at both of us and held her hands out to us. Angie dropped the towel and went as stood between Simone's legs, and Simone took a nipple in her mouth and sucked, as Angie put her arms around her. I came and stood behind her and held them both, my erect cock was poking her in the back and she reached round and took hold of it and pulled me to them. 

Angie knelt at my feet and she and Simone began lickings and sucking my prick. It was amazing, a double blow job, while one was sucking my glans, the other was licking along the slick shaft and sucking my balls; every few moments they would swap over. My knees began to buckle and I had to lie down on the bed. The girls crawled up, one on either side of me and carried on with their devotion, and my toes were curling as I tried to resist the urge to cum. 

Simone sensed my impending orgasm, and she and Angie were poised to share my outpouring. I couldn't hold out any longer and a long drawn out groan from me announced the first burst of jism into Simone's mouth, she quickly moved her head back allowing Angie to capture the rest in her mouth. She sucked me dry then both of them kissed each other allowing my cum to mix to their mouths, they came and kissed me sharing and allowing me to taste myself, hmm, there was a subtle difference that their saliva imparted to the taste of my spunk. 

I had softened slightly but Angie quickly sucked me back to a full erection, and after a questioning glance to Simone who smilingly gave her permission, she rose up and straddled my hips and with one swift motion and a loud cry impaled herself on my prick. I felt my glans hit her cervix. She sat there still for a few moments, gently shuddering and collecting her wits. 

Her cry must have attracted Peter, as a few seconds later he appeared at the cabin door and laughed as he took in the scene. Simone jumped up and pulled him to the bed, undressing him as she did. He knelt beside Angie and she smiled, kissed him and then offered him her breast to suckle on. 

She gasped out to him, "They say we can stay as long as we need!" Then having recollected her wits she started to ride me, twisting her pelvis each time she dropped down, crying out as the base of my prick and my pubis squeezed her erect and protruding clitoris. 
