 Tales of Dirty Old Man Ch. 9

After reading the previous chapters, my best friend Karen tells me, I've achieved my goal – I am a Dirty Old Man!

This is the ninth chapter in this series - I recommend you to read the previous chapters in order before this one.

I can't thank Romantic1 enough for the time he spent reviewing and editing this and the previous chapters

    *****************************

Angie whispered, "I think I'm pregnant, I feel pregnant. My mother told me she knew she was pregnant with me, the moment the egg was fertilized." She looked at me, "I had the same sensation last night!"

She took Simone's and then my hand and placed them on her abdomen. "Say hello to our baby."

She and Simone both had tears in their eyes as they kissed. 

    *****************************

Love and Shopping

We sat curled up on the lounger my arms round the pair of them. We listened as the town came alive. Finally Simone reminded me of my promise to go with her to the morning market. Angie asked if she could join us as Pete was still fast asleep. She disappeared below to get dressed and was back in five minutes in a short skirt and tight green T-shirt. Printed on it, stretched across her bra-less breasts was the slogan 'The Family Rules'. She was holding two more in her hands. 

I laughed when I saw it. Angie handed one each to us. "Julia got them printed for all of us as a thank you and a reminder of who we are. I forgot to give them to you."

We both changed our tops for the tee shirts. Mine was black and reasonably lose, but Simone's was red and as tight as Angie's! Like Angie she also took her bra off and we could see her nipples pushing out the fabric. I couldn't resist. I stroked the closest, and it and its twin stood to attention. 

Simone smacked my hand, "Stop it, you're putting bad thoughts in my mind and I really want to go to the market!" Then she kissed my hand, "but when we get back..........." Her words trailed off into a suggestive grin. 

I put a shopping bag, my wallet and camera in a small back pack and slung it over my shoulder. The three of us walked arm in arm the four hundred meters to the bustling market in the town square. French farmers' markets are a truly amazing experience. The sights and aromas are out of this world, a true gastronomes delight. 

Simone was in her element, as she took us from stall to stall. Each was loaded with local produce. She picked and prodded at the displays, and flirted with the stall holders, until she found what she was looking for. Then her work done, she and Angie would move on, leaving me to pay and carry the package. 

Half way round the market we met Julian from the restaurant. He was with a couple of his commis chefs. He was looking at a display of fresh local summer truffles. The owner was offering him tiny slices to try from the different types. 

He greeted Simone "Ma chère, quel plaisir de te revoir!" The girls got a kiss and we all got a hug.

"I see Simone is introducing you to the delights of our market," he said. I lifted the full shopping bag up for him to see, and he laughed. 

He pointed at his commis chefs, "I too, have my pack mules with me." 

"First time I've been called a pack mule," I joked. 

He invited us to join him for a coffee. Simone and Angie still wanted to wander round the market, but I was happy to join him. The girls said they would come and join us in half an hour. I gave Simone most of the money from my battered old wallet and she smiled at me. 

"Does this mean I'm a kept woman, my dirty old man?"

"Yep, I'm keeping you as my sex slave."

She laughed, gave me a kiss, and they walked off. Julian concluded his business with the truffle seller. He sent the commis chefs back to the restaurant with his purchases. He took me to a cafe at the side of the square. We found a table and Julian ordered coffee and pastries for us. 

"My father was telling me all about Bernard and Simone. He never did liked him." 

I asked, "How did he hear about it?" 

"He and George talk all the time. You realize that George likes you? I've never known him to allow the family's wine locker to be opened when he's not there."

"I sorta got that impression from him. He's agreed to give Simone away at the wedding." 

"But she's not divorced yet?"

"No, but according to the lawyers it should be all sorted out in a month's time." 

"You are a very lucky man. I remember that she was a beautiful schoolgirl and she's even more beautiful now."

"I know, I can't believe my luck. I still don't understand what she sees me?" I told him.

"My father says she's the splitting image of her mother at her age."

"I've seen the photographs in George's office. The resemblance is uncanny."

We sat sipping our coffee. I could see Simone and Angie at a stall fifty feet away. I got my camera out and managed to take a couple of good candid shots of the pair of them flirting with the stall holder.

Julian looked at me, "What's with the T-shirts you are all wearing?"

"It's just an in joke between the four of us," I told him. "It's too complicated to explain, unless you have all day and want me to bore you to tears!"

He gave that quintessential Gallic shrug and went back to his coffee. I saw a rather tired looking Pete appear in the square and I called him over. 

"I thought you would still be dead to the world after last night." 

He sat down and Julian ordered him coffee.

"I was until a man arrived wanting to empty our sewage," he told me.

"Shit!" I said.

He gave me a dirty look. 

I grinned, "Sorry, no pun intended. I forgot to tell you I'd organised a pump out of the sewage tanks. I wasn't expecting them until later." 

"Well they are there now, and they should be finished soon. They said they would leave the bill at the harbour masters office. So I decided to abandon ship and look for you." 

His coffee arrived and he sipped it gratefully. The three of us sat drinking and passing pleasantries until Julian stood to leave. 

"I've been lazy for too long. I need to go back to the restaurant and check on the preparations. Shall I keep a table in the courtyard free for you for lunch?"

I thought for a moment and looked at my watch, "That sounds like a nice idea, say twelve-thirty?" 

"That's fine." He shook our hands and walked away. As he passed the girls he paused to kiss their cheeks. 

A few minutes later the girls began to walk back to us. I put the camera to my eye and took a series of images. Simone saw me and blew me a kiss. Then she paused and slowly turned all the way around. It reminded me of the first time I saw her on that first afternoon. So much had happened to us in such a short time! We both got a kiss each from the girls, as they sat down beside us. 

"You just missed Julian, but we are having lunch at the restaurant." I said. "So have you two been having fun?"

"I have everything we need for me to cook you all a special meal tonight," Simone told us. "And I have a present for you," she said shyly. She took her hand from behind her back and passed me a small box wrapped in a red ribbon. Inside was a wonderful black leather wallet. Embossed on the outside were the letters MGDOM. 

Simone told me, "I saw that your old one was looking very battered, so I got this one for you to replace it." 

I tapped the letters with my finger, and raised my eyebrows in a mute question.

She and Angie grinned and recited together, "My Gorgeous Dirty Old Man," and laughed. 

I stood and took a bow, then gave them both a kiss. 

"It's nice to be finally appreciated for the status I have been striving for all my life," I said formally. 

I got a rousing round of applause from around the table. "Do you want a drink?" I asked the girls. 

They said no, so I told Pete to drink up and paid the bill. We took the bags back to the boat. And while Simone and Angie packed away the purchases, Pete and I strolled down to the harbour master to settle the bill. 

Back on the boat the four of us settled down on the loungers with a glass of wine. 

Pete spoke, "I think this is our last day. I'd like to leave tomorrow and spend the night in Paris. I want to treat Angie to a night of pure indulgence before we fly home." 

Angie said, "We don't want to go, but we really do need to get back to the office."

"We are going to miss you," I said, and Simone nodded with tears in her eyes.

Angie came over and gave Simone a cuddle. "It won't be for long," she said. "You are both coming to see us in a couple of weeks' time, aren't you?"

I nodded, "Yep, the week after Kirsten and Christina stay."

"We are going to have so much fun when you stay with us," Angie told us. 

"If this is going to be your last night, then I'm going to make your meal, one you won't forget," Simone said. "I just need to get a few things started, and then we can go and have lunch." 

"Oh don't forget, I booked a table at the restaurant for lunch."

"That nice, if Angie helps me we can get the food prepared for this evening before we leave." 

Simone stood up, Angie joined her and they went down to the galley. Pete and I went down to the main cabin and he got his laptop out. While I transferred the contents of my old wallet to my new one, we went over the family finances. He moved some more money around to cover the wedding bills. I was supposed to authorise the transfers, but I couldn't because the bank didn't have my signature on record. 

"We will need to schedule a meeting at the bank when you visit us. I can authorise everything for you in the meantime." He went over some more items with me. "The last thing we need to sort out are the school and university fees for the coming term." 

I looked at him for an explanation. 

"The family account covers the cost of education for all the family's children until they are twenty-two. It's the main reason the account was set up."

"How much is it each year?"

"In the region of three-quarters of a million pounds a year at the moment."

I looked shocked at the amount.

"Don't worry," and he paused as he checked a page on his laptop, "Currently, there's almost thirteen million in the account." 

"Well in that case I'd like the account to cover the school fees for Simone's children, if it's possible?"

"Of course we can. Can you just look at this spread sheet and check the numbers, then I can approve these payments for the next term." 



I looked down the list. I recognised most of the names, and pointed at a couple I didn't recognise. 

"That's Paul and Ann's youngest and the other one is Steve and Fiona's youngest." 

I was amazed at the total, it was almost three hundred thousand pounds. "And that's just for one term?" I asked. He nodded.



"How long can we sustain this drain on the finances?" I asked. 

Pete smiled at me, "I told you I'm good at what I do." He opened another spread sheet, then he said. "We made three million over the last Twelve months. That's almost two million added to the principle after we cover the family costs. Plus A&R holdings had a very good year, so the family bonus looks like it will add another five million."

He looked at me a bit sheepishly, "You know I promised you no more surprises, but I sort of thought you had worked it out. When we made you the Chairman of A&R you got a salary, plus bonuses. Ros just told us to put some into your joint account, and the rest including the bonuses into the family account. That's what we've been doing all this time! Do you want to change anything?"

"Not at the moment, let's discuss it when we are in Dubai."

I left Pete to his work and went and sat at the breakfast bar so I could watch Simone and Angie working. I was trying to remember the names of all the family members. I guessed there would be a list of some sort on the family web page. So I booted up my laptop and logged on to the site. I looked at the row of photos and saw several faces I didn't recognise. Below I saw the link to the relationship boundaries page. It opened up to what at first glance was a very complex table. 

Angie glanced at the page, "Looks confusing doesn't it? It isn't." She pointed at the left hand column. "That's all of us, and as you can see we add our general rules to our name."

I looked at Angie's name and saw the comment; 'No anal'. 

She continued, "The first column and the top row is a just a list of our names. You run your finger along your row until it reaches the column of the person you want to set your boundaries with." 

She found her name and running her finger along, pointed out the box where I interacted with her. It simply said 'No limits, anything he wants'. I raised my eyes to her and she had the good grace to blush.

I ran my eyes down the list of names, I saw mine at the top. Most I recognised, several were new to me. I smiled to myself when I saw Fiona and Steve's names. Ros and I had spent several wonderful sex-filled holidays with them in Australia! I asked her about the names I didn't recognise?

"Pauline is Fiona's eldest, and she wants to introduce her fiancé to the family." She looked at me, "She's quite strong-headed. I think if he doesn't fit in, that will be the end of him." 

"Oh, that Pauline," then I looked at the other names I hadn't recognised and found that mostly they were all the grown up children of the original family members. I looked back up the list and realised I'd seen the names but hadn't registered them. There in the list were Kirsten, Chris, and Christina's names.

"How do you edit it," I asked Angie.

"Just click on your name and it highlights your row, then you can edit your details. It's set up so you can only edit your own details."

I tried clicking on her name and the row opened. She looked surprised, "Then again it looks like Kirsten's given you admin rights." 

"Cool, I'll set up Simone's details later, and she can fill them in."

I looked at my watch and saw that it was almost noon, so I closed the laptop.

"How close are you to finishing?" I checked with Simone. 

She placed a bowl in the fridge, "I just want to clean up and change out of these dirty clothes and I'm done."

"You go and change and I will clean up here," I told her.

It only took a few minutes for me to clean up the galley and start the dishwasher. I went forward to our cabin and caught a deliciously damp Simone getting out of the shower. I wrapped her in a towel and she raised herself onto the balls of her feet and gave me a long slow kiss. I fondled her butt and she shivered in delight.



"If you do that anymore we are going to be late for lunch!" She murmured. 

In answer I pushed her back onto the bed. She giggled, unwrapped the towel from her body and let her legs fall open. I couldn't refuse such a generous invitation. I had my head buried between her thighs seconds later, running my tongue from her rosebud to her clit in a long slow deliberate movement. She groaned and tangled her fingers in my hair. She pull my face to her and groaned louder as I sucked and teased her clit. 

"Ffuuuucccccckkkkkkk,"she cried out as my fingers entered her womanly passage, zeroing in on her G spot. Her hips rose from the bed as she forced her clit hard against my mouth.

My fingers and mouth made quick work of her. Within a minute she was writhing and panting hard as she approached her orgasm

"Ohhh...... Ohhh...... Ohhh...... Ohhh..... Ohhhhh ffuuuuccckkkk I love youuu." 

And as she came she shuddered and squirted her sweet juices over my face. Her thighs tightened round my head for a moment, then relaxed. She laughed as she saw my face coated in the evidence of her passion. She sat up and kissed my face and licked at her kitty juices that were matted into my beard.

"Hmm, I am sweet aren't I, but this isn't going to work."

She dragged me back to the bathroom and pulled off my top. She stuck my head under the tap and washed me down. I know it sounds silly but I was really enjoying her attention. 

We heard the others calling us. "Quick, we need to get dressed," she said. I grabbed a clean top. Simone pulled on a pair of well-worn jeans and a scoop necked blue silk top. She wore no underwear to my delight. The silk top was shear enough that I got hints of her delectable areole as she moved. 



    *************************

Reality

We joined the others and strolled arm in arm through the crooked streets to the restaurant. We were shown to a nice table for four in the restaurant's secluded rear courtyard. In the centre was an old lemon tree in a raised bed that kept the table in shade. There was a pleasant tinkle of cooling water from a fountain in the corner. There were a few other tables in the courtyard but none were occupied. 

After a few moments, Julian joined us. I looked around and commented how nice the courtyard was, but I was surprised that we the only customers using it. 

"I kept it free for you," he said. "But if you don't mind there are some customers waiting that I could seat here?"

Please do, we told him.

Simone asked, "What do you suggest Julian?" 

He smiled, "I have just the thing for you today. A lobster salad, with a delicate lemon and fresh summer truffle dressing. And I have a crisp Chablis to wash it down."

Pete said, "That sounds perfect, are we all ok with that?" 

We all agreed and Julian waved a waiter over and gave him our order. He pulled up a chair and sat beside Simone. They talked in French and laughed, while Pete, Angie and I discussed our plans for the visit to Dubai in a few weeks' time. The waiter returned with the wine and opened the bottle and poured.

As I sipped from my glass, I could see Julian covertly glancing at the outline of Simone's breasts as they pressed against the shear fabric of her top. He took her hand for a moment, and I saw her smile. 

For the first time since I met her, I felt a pang of jealousy. They looked so comfortable with each other. As I sat back and watched them, I felt my age come crashing down on me like a brick wall. What was I doing expecting Simone to commit the rest of her life to me? The sensations kept washing over me making it difficult to breathe. 

I need a few moments to myself. I stood and muttered something about going to the bathroom and left the table. From the corner of my eye I saw Angie studying me with concern on her face. In the bathroom I ran the water for a few moments before I splashed some on my face. I looked at myself in the mirror and I didn't like what I saw. For Christ sake I was behaving like a love sick teenager! I was comfortable with her fucking my friends. Yet just interacting with an old friend closer to her own age, was making my stomach twist into knots.  



Damn it, I thought, I'm better than this and mentally slapped myself round the face. I took a deep breath and exited the bathroom. I half turned to return to the table, then I paused and turned the other way and walked to the front of the restaurant. 

There was a garden bench just outside the door. I sat down, I wasn't ready yet. I didn't want to spoil the others' lunch with my stupidity. I shut my eyes and lent my head back and rested it on the sun-warmed stone of the wall. The sun was warm on my face. I started an old half-forgotten yoga exercise. I relaxed and controlled my breathing. My mind drifted to my happy place, by the side of the waterfall in Yorkshire. I felt the healing influence of Ros flow all round me. 

I don't know how long I sat there. I don't think it was more than ten-twelve minutes before I felt a presence beside me. Simone was standing outside the door with tears rolling down her cheeks. 

"Did I do something wrong?" She whispered.

I held out my hand to her and she took it gratefully. "You didn't do anything." I said. "I just got a crushing dose of reality, and it freaked me out." 
