 I believe I've achieved my ultimate goal - I am a Dirty Old Man!

This is the thirteenth chapter in this series - I strongly recommend you to read the previous chapters in order before this one, it's not going to make a lot of sense otherwise. All the active sexual participants in these stories are over 18.

For some reason, and for which I apologise this chapter bounces about a bit on the timeline, but I think it works so I'm not going to change it. 

I can't thank Romantic1 enough for the time he spent reviewing and editing this and the previous chapters.

*******************

Simone eased herself off me, using the towel to wipe up the mess of cum and her juices. We headed back to the bed and crawled in beside the sleeping Lisette. She stirred in her sleep and moved against me. Simone curled up on my other side, her leg resting over mine. 

I lay back listening to the sounds of the water lapping against the hull of the boat, and the soft wheezes of my lovers as they drifted off to sleep.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 

Sunday started with a crash, waking the three of us up with a start. Literally a bang as the tray of coffee mugs Anna was carrying hit the floor. Anna had tripped over my trousers I'd left in a pile at the bottom of the bed, as she brought our morning coffee to us. Why is it, regardless of the situation women always seem to fold their clothes neatly, and men leave them where they fall?

The problem was none of us could jump out of the bed to help her as the sum of the clothes between us was zero. I somehow managed to snag a tee-shirt from the floor and it was immediately wrenched from my hands by Simone. She performed a shimmy under the covers before standing up, the tee-shirt falling to her mid thighs. She gathered a crying Anna from the floor and hugged her, kissing the tears away. 

Kirsten appeared at the door and she tossed us a pair of towelling robes from the bathroom. Lise beat me to the bathroom and I heard the shower running as I helped my daughter clear up the mess. Simone came in carrying Anna on her hip and Anna held her arms out to me. 

I took her and she whispered, "I'm sorry I broke the cups." 

"It's not your fault darling," I said as I kissed the top of her head. "It was mine, I shouldn't have left my clothes lying on the floor." 

"You're not angry with me?"

"No, of course I'm not. I love you." 

She looked at the dressing on my forearm and asked, "Are you hurt, did my father do this to you last night?" I looked at Simone for guidance in how to answer this thorny question. 

She came to my aid and replied, "We don't know how it happened. It's just a scratch, but the doctor wanted to keep it covered so it doesn't get infected." 

Lise appeared wrapped in a towel, rubbing her hair dry. She sniffed me and said pointedly, "You need a shower; I've left you some hot water." 

Simone said, "Too late it's mine," as she nipped behind me and into the bathroom 

"Fu...dge," I said as I caught myself, remembered Anna in my arms. 

She smiled at me and giggled, "You were going to say a bad word weren't you?" 

I grinned back at her as I put her down. "Maybe, but I'm not going to tell you. Do you want to go and annoy you sister and help her with breakfast while I have a wash and get dressed?"

She smiled at me and nodded and disappeared off to the galley. I went into the bathroom and closed the doors. I slid into the shower behind an unsuspecting Simone and wrapped my arms around her. The hot water streamed over the pair of us.

"Gotcha," I murmured. 

She lent back into my arms pressing back against me and whispered, "You can catch me any time you want my love."

I ran my hands down her slippery body, marvelling at the way the skin felt under my fingertips. I cupped her mons and she sighed and opened her legs, inviting me to slide my fingers between them. 

"I just can't get enough of you," she sighed, and then she moaned as my fingers slid through the fine hair of her landing strip, then along her slit caressing her soft alluring kitty lips. 

I leant back against the shower wall for support and she pushed back on to me. My firming cock nestled in the cleft between her buttocks and my fingers moved inside her seeking and finding her G-spot. My other hand was on the breast, my fingers pulling at her nipple. She moaned and whimpered as my fingers moved forcefully, fucking her, teasing her. 

"Oh fuck, you sneaky bastard," she gasped. 

"Who me?" I murmured innocently as I nuzzled and nibbled the back of her neck. 

"Yes, you bastard. You know just which of my buttons to press so I can't resist you. Ohh fuck, that feels so good." She sagged against me and I had to support her as she came, her cunt spasming around my fingers.

She lay back against me, letting me support her under the shower of water as she enjoyed the warm afterglow of her orgasm. She sighed and turned, her lips seeking mine in confirmation of our love. Her hand dropped down between us and grasped my firm cock, squeezing the shaft and erotically pulling me back and forth. I groaned and picked her up. I needed to sink myself into her, my cock desperate for the warmth and tightness of her cunt.

"Fuck, I need you," I groaned. She responded by squeezing tighter and rubbing my shaft along her wet slit. 

I lifted her up and carried her out of the shower. I sat her down on the vanity pushing the makeup and lotion bottles out of the way. I sucked her nipple into my mouth, my fingers laced under her ass. Simone wrapped her legs around me and took hold of my throbbing hard cock. She teased herself, sliding the purple head back and forth along her swollen kitty lips. Gasping as she rubbed her clit before guiding the engorged head of my cock between her slick kitty lips so it sat at the entrance of her passage. I groaned as the sensations ran along my cock. With a quick thrust I pushed all the way in until our pubic bones ground together. 

"Oh fuck," I gasped, "You're so fucking tight." There was no tenderness to my love making, just hard brutal thrusts. My hands clutched at her ass cheeks pulling her hard against me. For some reason, I knew this was the style of lovemaking we both wanted that morning.

All Simone could do was moan continuously, "Ohh...Ohh...Ohh...Ohh," in rhythm to my movements. She was rolling her hips seeking to meet my thrusts. Her head was back, resting against the mirror behind her. Her eyes were glazed as she concentrated on the sensations radiating out from her vagina and creating explosions of pleasure throughout her body. 

I felt her heels digging into my buttocks as she urged me to move faster and harder. Her anklet scrapped my side but I didn't care. The heavy sensation in my balls grew as I neared my orgasm, thrusting harder, my balls slapping her ass. As I felt the burning start to surge through my cock, my thumb rubbed her hard clit sending her over the edge. I growled as my cum pulsed out, filling her. She cried out as the hot jism coated her cervix, her own orgasm racking her body. 

A last hard thrust and I shuddered to a halt deep inside her, our mouths joined in a long passionate kiss. Her cunt continued to twitch milking the last drops of cum from me, making both of us gasp. 

When I finally pulled out and stepped back, Simone slid of the worktop to her knees and sucked my deflating cock into her mouth. She smiled as she tasted the cocktail of our juices, and licking me clean. She stood up with a grin on her face and I kissed her, tasting us as my tongue invaded her mouth, sharing the last of our juices. 

As I looked at her I watched as a streak of my cum trailed down the inside of her thigh. I ran my finger up collecting the juice and brought it up to our mouths for a last taste. Our tongues met and she sucked it into her mouth. She offered me the last of our cocktail and I claimed it with my tongue. 

"I love you, I can't imagine a life without you" I told her, and she wrapped her body round mine in agreement. 

We jumped back under the shower to quickly clean up. There was no playing this time, just a long kiss. Five minutes later and looking a little sheepish we appeared in the galley. Simone had that wonderful glow that a post coital woman seems to exude. The three adults sitting at the breakfast bar eating toast, all gave us knowing looks. I could hear the children playing on the laptop in the wheel-house. 

Lise grinned at both of us, her face raised for a kiss which she dually received from both of us. 

She said, "I can still taste you. It's a good job the kids couldn't hear the pair of you!" Kirsten and Chrissy smirked at us, and I could feel my face reddening. 

"What are we going to do today," I asked hoping to change the subject. 

Kirsten replied, "George and Rachael said they would drop by this morning to check that the kids were all ok. And I think that the police want to speak to us again this morning about the events at the restaurant last night." 

"So it looks like we are stuck here for the day," I mused, "Any ideas about how we can keep Anna and Michael from getting bored?" 

"I wouldn't worry," Chrissy said, "They are happy for the moment and if they get bored later Kirsty and I will take them out. Anna will like being with her new big sister." 

"Thank you darling," Simone said. 

I heard squeals of 'Grandpapa and Auntie Rachael' coming from the Wheelhouse and knew that George and Rachael had arrived. Moments later George appeared followed by Michael. Rachael entered the cabin a couple of moments later with Anna in her arms. 

George and his daughter hugged and for the next hour or so we all discussed the events of last night while we waited for the police to arrive. 

It was gone eleven o'clock by the time the police arrived. The senior officer from last night, a Capitaine Mioni and his Sargent sat down with us. Lise got us all coffee. We all went through our statements, and then he brought us up to date with the rest of the investigation. The doctors they had asked to evaluate Bernard believed that he had suffered a complete mental break down and most likely would not be fit to stand trial. He'd been transferred to a secure psychiatric hospital for further evaluation. 

Simone looked relived, and then asked the question we'd all been thinking. "Do you think he intended to kill us?"

Capitaine Mioni gave one of those quintessential Gallic shrugs and said, "I don't think we will ever know. But given how he acted we can assume that he wasn't carrying the pistol for self-protection." 

I asked, "Are we free to leave St Raphael, I'd like to move the boat downstream this afternoon if that ok." 

"Yes that's fine; we have all the details we need." 

The two policemen stood and George and I escorted them off Rosie. As the Capitaine was about to get in his car I asked if it would be alright if we wanted to leave the country for a holiday in a week or so. The good news was it would be fine but we would need to let them know where we would be in case they needed to contact us. At least our week in Dubai was still on.

We sat down on a bench on the bank for a few minutes; I think we both needed a few moments reflection.

I said, "I have to go to Dubai for business, I want to take Simone with me. Can you and Rachael look after the children while we are away?" 

"Of course we can, when do you need to go? 

"In ten days' time, we will be there for a week. I need to visit Pete and Angie and deal with some of the family financial issues that have built up while I've been out of touch."

We returned to the boat and I retrieved the laptop and sat down in the wheel-house. I opened the Air France web site and booked the flights for the three of us. To my embarrassment I needed to check with Simone and Lisette what their full names were for the bookings. They both gave me a hard time for that, and they were right for as Simone said 'We're good enough to make love to yet you don't know our names'. Of course I challenged them about mine that was not one of my better ideas. They reeled off my names, and then a bunch of other facts about me - things I didn't know about them. My daughter grinned at my embarrassment and I suspect she was the author of my downfall. 

For future reference Simone is the Contessa Simone Helena Rachael Laurent-Duval and Lise is Lisette Nicole Thierry. 

It's was nice that for once I didn't have to worry about the money so I booked us all first class seats. Simone and I would be flying out on the Wednesday, and because of her classes Lisette would fly out on the Friday to join us for the week-end.

I had a worrying thought that had been bouncing around my head since Saturday night and I picked up my iPhone and called Pete to ask his opinion. 

He answered on the second ring, "Andy mate, it's good that you phoned. I was going to call you later today. You and Simone are still coming over aren't you?" 

"We are, and Lisette's going to join us for the weekend, it's her birthday on the Saturday and we want to do something special for her. I just wanted to let you know our plans. I sorta wanted to know if I'm going to get any free time or is Angie going to be claiming all of it?"

"Well that's why we were going to call; we just got the confirmation today. Angie's pregnant, of course that's not going to stop her wanting you." 

"Shit, that's great news Pete, I'm so happy for both of you." I broke out into a smile a mile wide that I wished Pete and Angie could see.

"I know she wants to talk to you, but I want you to know I'm really grateful for everything you did. Hang on she's picking up the extension." 

Then I heard Angie's voice, she was almost shouting in glee. "We're going to have a baby, thank you, thank you, I love you." You could physically feel the happiness in her voice. 

I grinned down the phone line, "I'm so happy for you two." I just couldn't resist teasing her. "I suppose that means I can cancel our trip as you don't need my little swimmers any more."

This time she did shout down the phone, "Don't you fucking dare! My egg may not need you but I sure as shit do." Then she calmed down a bit and said, "You are joking aren't you, you are still coming. Please tell me you are?"

"Of course we are coming, we'll be there Wednesday week, and I need you to organise a birthday party for Lise for the Saturday." 

"Is she coming too...duh stupid question she must be if you are asking that. What do you want for her?" 

"She can't come for the whole trip, just the weekend. We'd like to make her birthday special, it's her twentieth. She also wanted to get a feel for 'The Family' on this trip, so I'll leave that to your imagination." 

"Hmm, I think I know the perfect place and I'll invite some of our friends. Fiona and Steve are going to be here so we can all get together. I know they want to see you and meet Simone and Lise. I saw Kirsten posted the news about you three on the family page." 

"And...?"

"And nothing doofus, I think it's great news. Do you want to stay with us; we've got lots of room." 

"Hmm, I was thinking that we could book a suite at the Burj and we could all stay there." 

Pete said, "The Burj's not cheap mate." 

"Well, I was thinking that A&R investments could cover the costs for its chairman." 

I could hear Angie laughing in the background as Pete spluttered down the phone. "Shit, I knew you weren't going to let us get away with that." 

Angie said, "Don't worry we will book you a suite." 

"Make sure it's a two bedroom one, remember I said all of us should stay there, and I do mean ALL."

Angie went, "Ohh yes, play time," and Pete just gulped, I laughed at them.

There was still the item I'd called Pete to discuss, "Err Pete, we had a bit of an incident last night. Bernard attacked us at the restaurant; he took a couple of shots at us..."

"What was anyone hurt," he interrupted, and I could hear Angie trying to talk over him. 

"No, we're all fine, a couple of scrapes and bruises. He's been locked up for psychiatric evaluation; I'm just wondering does that make any difference to the divorce proceedings." 

Pete replied, "No, I don't think so, he's already signed the documents so it shouldn't make any difference. Look Angie's going to check right away with our legal department." I could hear her voice in the background shouting questions. I'd forgotten that Sunday was a working day in Dubai.

While we were waiting for the answers, I described the events of last night to Pete. It was a couple of minutes before she got back to us. 

"It's going to be fine," she said. "All the documents have been signed and his solicitors have returned them to us. They just need to go to the courts to be registered and that is a formality that isn't affected by his current situation. Four weeks and the divorce will be final." 

I said with relief coursing through my body, "Shit, that's good news; I had this horrendous thought everything was going to be put on hold." 

I took the phone with me as I went below deck to the main cabin. I announced to everyone, "Angie's pregnant," and I put her on speaker phone so we could all congratulate the pair of them. 

While the others talked to Pete and Angie, Simone put her arm around me and rested her head on my shoulder. She said, "You know you did a good thing don't you. It took me a while to understand how important it was to them that it wasn't an anonymous donor that helped them. It had to be someone that they both loved, and for them that meant it could only be you."

Kirsten brought my phone back to me, and gave me a kiss, "So I'm going to have a half brother or sister." 

"True," I said, "but you know that this is going to be their baby not mine. It's going to be their decision if they ever tell the child the role I played so don't say anything without checking with them." 

"I know and I've promised them I won't say anything, but," and she smiled happily, "They want me to be one of the godparents!" 

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 

After all the events we'd ended up having to re-evaluate our plans for the week-end. Most of them we decided needed to be put on hold, so we had agreed to stay moored in St Raphael until the Monday morning. It wasn't my first choice, but in the end it was the easiest. The children were due back to school on Monday and George was supposed to be picking them up. Lisette also had to leave in the morning; next week was the start of her second year at the Sorbonne. 

We ended up having a very lazy, getting to know you, Sunday afternoon playing board and card games with the children. For the record Anna is a ruthless Monopoly player, and I'm never going to play cards for money against George or Lisette. 

We wound up the afternoon with a visit to a local pizza restaurant, the children's choice. After we had eaten, Michael and Anna decided, for some reason know only to them, that they wanted to stay with Rachael that night. I suspect they'd worked out that they would get an extra hour in bed in the morning if they stayed at Rachael's. They got their mothers approval, I felt she agreed as it was Lisette's last night and she wanted to make it special. 

We went back to Rosie and packed their school books and bags. We hugged and kissed them. Then we waved them off with George and Rachael, with promises that we would all be there to watch Michael football match on Friday. 

Kirsten and Christine decided they were going to drive down to Nice for a couple of nights to meet some friends. They were going to leave early Tuesday morning. They would be back late Thursday so we could all go to the match on Friday. Reading between the lines I think they had discussed between themselves that Simone and I needed some alone time. I had mixed feeling in that as much as I was going to miss them; I was really looking forward to some time alone with Simone. 
