 Tales of Dirty Old Man: the background and main characters

I've submitted this in group sex as the bulk of the chapters have been submitted in this section. I'm sorry if you don't think it should be here. 

I've had a lot of requests to explain the premises behind the family and list who the family members are. To be honest I need to refer back to my notes on a regular basis when I am writing, so this is as much for me as it is for you. I am very grateful for all the feedback I've received from you, I feel that my writing has improved because of it. 

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 

The story is set in the last 6 months of 2006, and follows Andy as he reconnects with life and the family after his wife's death several years earlier.

Introduction. 

The family is the backbone of the story. The family started as a loose group of friends in Saudi Arabia, who met or went there in a relationship in the 1980's. Most of them all worked at the same hospital. They rented a couple of villas and from that they developed into group that shared their finances, friendships, and love. The family is best described as a financial and emotional cooperative. The members have their own small close family relationships, and a broader group dynamic. It is not a polyamorous family, rather the members have their own small relationship groups that interact with each other in various ways that are defined by a set of boundaries that each person creates. 

The first family members were Andy, Ros, Julia and Mike and they were quickly joined by Peter, Ann, Jeff and Gillian [see the character lists below] 

Over the years they have developed a set of rules that they all lived by.

There are several core family rules.

1.All members must be totally honest to all other family members in regards to their relationships. The upside of this is that no one has ever had a secret affair.

2.We are allowed lovers from inside and outside the family. But never without our partner's permission

3.We don't have unprotected sex with anyone outside the family. And we all have regular checkups. 

The family provides various types of support: 

There is a support group - this started as a news letter and ultimately became a collection of multiple on-line support and information pages, the so called 'Family Help Pages' that are mentioned throughout the chapters. 

Financial support; Whilst it was not required, almost all the family members have from the beginning invested their saving through Peter, (initially he invested it with established financial institutions. But as he grew more experienced he branched out on his own and from this his company A&R finance was born). A small % of the profits from the family savings are funnelled into the family accounts. Additionally the family own a small percentage of the firm and the profits are used to boost the family bank balance. As of this story the family has investments worth in the region of £20 million. 

The family accounts are used to support the education of the members children and pays for a family medical insurance policy. There is a family pension scheme, that will pay out at 55. Additionally the funds are use to pay for major family events, such as an annual group family holiday and special events.

Emotional support; all family members offer emotional help to other family members. Andy and Ros were very active in this role and lately Simone has stepped up to take Ros role. 

~ ~ ~ ~ ~~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 

As of chapter 17 these are the main characters in the Dirty old man universe. 

The family:

Andrew (Andy) Morton, the tales main character is 52 years old, and is a retired physiotherapist. After leaving Saudi he owned his own thriving private sports physiotherapy practice. A couple of years after his wife's death, he sold up and bought a 75 foot Dutch barge and at the start of the story is cruising the rivers and canals in France. 

Rosetta (Ros) Morton, was his late wife. They met in Saudi in the mid 1980's where she was a nurse at the same hospital Andy worked at. They have two children. She died of cancer almost four years before the start of the stories.

The Contessa Simone Helena Rachael Laurent-Duval (Simi) is Andy's fiancé and 32 years old. She is currently in the middle of a divorce from her husband Bernard. She owns an extensive vineyard and winery, which is presently managed by her father. 

Lisette Nicole Thierry, an 20 year old art student at the Sorbonne in Paris. She met Andy and Simone in La Rochelle. She was working over the summer as a waitress at her uncles cafe. She is now their lover and lives in an apartment belonging to A&R financial services. 

Kirsten (22) and Chris (20) are Andy and Ros's children. Kirsten is a graphic artist and is in a relationship with Christina. Chris is in his final year at university. 

Michael (11) and Anna Laurent-Duval (9) are Simone and Bernard's children (although mentioned in this section, as they are not 18 they are of course not full family members) 

Julia Cunningham (49) is Andy's oldest friend, they have been lovers for thirty years. Mike Cunningham (52) is her husband and also is one of Andy's closest friends. They live in Australia but will be moving to France in a few months to be closer to Andy and Simone. Christina (Chrissy) (22) is their their daughter and Kirsten's lover

Peter Moore (55), Pete was Ros's boyfriend when she first met Andy in Saudi. Angela (Angie ) (35) is his second wife. They both work together at A & R financial services. They live in Dubai. Angie is pregnant with Andy's child at the request of Pete and Angie. Pete is unable to father a child because of an earlier vasectomy. Pete is a financial wizard and controls the family finances 

Ann Davies (50)was Petes first wife, they have two daughters, Michelle and Jennifer (18 & 19), who are both Andy's goddaughters. Paul Davies (52) is Ann's second husband.

Steve Robinson (50) and Fiona Robinson (48). Fi worked with Andy as a physiotherapist. Steve worked in insurance, they are both Australian. They are close friends and were very early members of the family. 

Pauline (18) is their daughter. Steve and Fi are intending to relocate to Dubai, and Steve will work with Pete 

Jeff Rodgers (49) and Gillian (Jill) Rodgers (49). Jeff was radiographer and Andy's flat mate in Saudi and Jill was a nurse. They have three children. Two boys and a girl. 

Diane and Bryan, are an American couple from the last few chapters who wish to join the family. 

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Other characters from the stories. 

Bernard Duval (40's)- Simone's ex-husband 

George Laurent (60's)- Simone's father, Chairman of the family wine business 

Helene - Simone's mother (died when she was 10) 

Rachael (late 50's)- Simone's aunt 

Sarah - Housekeeper at the chateau

Gaston - Sarah's husband, manages the vineyards 

David and Julian - restaurant owners

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

I hope that this information helps you enjoy the tales of Andy and the rest of the family. 

Andyhm