 The party is almost over and we are both tired any ready to go to bed. We are both also feeling horny as we have been winding each other up all night, dancing close together and touching each others bodies with other people around us as we danced. My hard cock pressing against you as we clung together and my fingers searching for your gorgeous little cunt under the cover of the darkness.

We are stopping the night so we decide to look for somewhere to sleep. The beds are inevitably all occupied but we manage to find some find some space on the floor in one small room without a bed in it where we can lay down the quilt that we have brought with us.

We get into our makeshift bed and settle down to sleep. We are both fairly pissed and horny as hell, soon I have taken off your knickers and am caressing your beautiful little cunt, opening your lips and fingering your hardening clit as you begin to get wetter. I am sucking your tits while your hand is wrapped around my hard cock, spreading the wetness of my excitement seeping from the plump swollen head of my rigid prick.

Your thighs are wide open inviting me to push myself deep into your body and both of us know that we do not want to delay things much longer. We are about to fuck each other when the door opens and another couple walk in. They see us lying on the floor but there is very little space in the house so they do not have anywhere else to go. It is dark and we have kept quiet so they think that we are already asleep. They begin to settle themselves on the floor next to us. We can hear them close to us but we are desperately turned on and continue to feel each other, keeping quiet so that they do not hear. I push my finger deep into your cunt and I feel you suppress a moan. The thought of the other couple near us and possibly even hearing us is turning me on and I sense you too. I finger your clit with the tip of my finger, wickedly trying to make you moan and you do the same to me, squeezing my cock and rubbing juice oozing from me around the sensitive head.

In the half light I can just make out the other couple undressing and getting under their own quilt next to us. You feel my cock twitch as I see the girl unhook her bra and let her big soft tits swing free as she climbs under the covers. There is hardly any space in the small room and once the other couple are on the floor next to us they are very close, almost touching. Either one of us would only have to reach out an arm to touch the other couple.

We are both desperate for each other by now, still feigning sleep you turn away from me to face in the direction of the other couple, pressing your rounded arse against my hot erection as you move. Quietly and slowly I drop my hand down to my throbbing cock slip it between the cheeks of your beautiful soft arse. As I slide my hot hard cock down until I feel the head wet with excitement slip between your thighs to nestle against the moist swollen folds of your cunt. The soft hairs of your pussy brush taut sensitive skin of my cock as I feel your body begin to open under the pressure of my throbbing flesh. I quietly pinch your nipples as I feel myself starting to ease between your delicate pouting lips, the soaking wetness with your excitement slick against my hardness turning me on even more.

We are both trying hard not to make a sound but as my cock presses against your clit and your lips begin to open around me a groan escapes you. This only turns me on even more and I press myself harder into you. Your wet flesh parts easily and I feel the smooth swollen head of my cock being coated by the essence of your sex. I push my hips at you and feel my rigid prick slip slowly but inexorably into your body. The smooth head slipping inside to make way for the thick part of my curving shaft which begins to stretch your excited cunt wide as I ease slowly into you. Your buttocks pushing back onto my strong upright cock to drive me deeper still.

Your cunt is soaking with excitement, so much so that I can feel your juice running over my balls as they nestle against your beautiful little cunt. Trying desperately not to make any noise I cannot help but start to move my throbbing gently cock in and out of you. Despite our caution I can hear you tight little cunt sucking wetly on my cock as I begin to fuck you gently and slowly. We can both hear it and both know that the other couple must be able to hear us fucking now but we are both far too excited to care, we are just concentrating on each other and our pleasure.

I cup your pert little tits in my hands, pulling you down onto my demanding cock as I pinch your nipples into hardness. I feel you tense and moan under your breath as I squeeze hard on your sensitive flesh, forcing your excitement to grow.

Even in my excitement I sense a movement close to us and feel another hand on mine, pressing it onto your breast. It is a woman's hand but not yours. I realise immediately what is happening and lift one hand from your soft firm flesh and replace it with the girl's. Encouraged she begins to squeeze your nipple. You realise what is happening and moan out loud as a wave of pleasure washes over you, thrusting yourself down hard onto my cock which is thicker and harder than you have ever felt it before, filling you completely and brushing your cervix as I pump myself into you.

I hear the other girl moving, appearing to shift herself closer to us but still facing you, then I hear her gasp and moan with pleasure as it becomes obvious that her man has pushed himself into her from behind. You gasp yourself as she squeezes your nipples again, doing so in time with the stiff cock pushing between her thighs. 

She leans forward to give him better access to her willing body and brushes her lips over your face. You respond by searching for her lips and kissing her, your tongues devouring each other hungrily as your hold each other closely feeling the urgent thrusting of our two engorged pricks sliding between your thighs and slipping in and out of your bodies in unison.

I take your hand and place it over her breast making you feel her soft firm flesh, the hard point of her nipple swelling between your fingers. Her tits are different to yours, heavier and plumper, you enjoy feeling the difference, touching her soft skin the same way you touch your own, knowing it will excite her. She moans loudly and presses her tits against yours, still kissing you deeply while her hand starts to slide down over the front of your body.

Her fingers drift lightly across your stomach until they reach the soft triangle of curls between your legs. You tense in anticipation and then excitement as her fingers hesitate for a moment then begin to slip down to feel the wetness of your open cunt, easily finding the swollen bud of your clit forced up from between the open lips of your cunt by my thrusting cock. You moan with pleasure as she begins to rub the length of your sensitive clit, slick with the juice running from your open body. She concentrates on the throbbing button of your clit but also feels your delicate lips stretched tightly around my hard slippery cock as it works in and out of your body.

Her fingers are so much more delicate than mine, feeling you differently, instinctively knowing how and where to touch your beautiful cunt to turn you on even more. 

Her fingers are also brushing the base of my cock as it continues to thrust into you body, feeling its strength as the thick curving shaft forces its way deep into your willing cunt, my balls banging against your clit and her fingers with each thrust. Her fingers revel in feeling your delicate little lips opening wide to accommodate my throbbing cock as it plunges into you.

I moan and feel myself stiffen even more as her fingers touch the inflamed flesh of my cock and run over my balls, feeling their weight. I reach up to her tits finding your hands still there and start to squeeze her soft ripe flesh with you, pinching both her nipples into hardness together and encouraging her to carry on touching our joined bodies. Her fingers moving your lips up and down the shaft of my cock as she concentrates on your clit.

Her lover does the same to you, reaching around her body to feel and squeeze your beautiful little tits, the feeling of a strangers hands on your body adding to your pleasure and making you circle your cunt around my cock as it moves deep inside you, brushing your cervix with each roll of your hips.

The fact that I am fucking the woman I love, my cock buried deep in her body while I feel another woman who is herself feeling us and being fucked is exciting me beyond belief. I am right on the edge of coming and know that I will not able to hold out much longer then feel your arm move and hear the other woman gasp loudly. I know that you are feeling her swollen cunt and fingering her clit while her partner pushes his achingly hard cock into her wet open cleft.

He moans as your fingers touch his balls and feel his soaking wet cock sliding in and out of her gaping yielding cunt. You feel her delicate lips stretching tightly around his rigid cock, and search for her clit, instinctively knowing how to touch her to give her pleasure and make her push her aching sex onto your hand. Feeling her cunt with his cock thrusting wetly in and out is exciting you beyond belief and you push yourself down harder and harder onto my upright cock.

The woman writhes on your fingers at the same time pressing herself hard onto her lovers plunging cock as her own fingers increase the tempo on your clit. I start to fuck you harder, driving my cock high up against your cervix as I cling eagerly to the other woman's tits, the thought of you touching her wet open cunt driving me over the edge. I begin come inside you, shouting as my cock jerks deep inside your body, spurting my thick creamy sperm deep into your beautiful tight little cunt.

You start to come with me grinding your body down onto mine and onto the fingers moving against your excited sex. As you come you trigger the other girl's orgasm. She shouts loudly into your mouth, urging her lover to fuck her harder then searches hungrily for your mouth again, devouring your tongue as she gasps out her pleasure, coming on your fingers as her lover violently drives his cock deep into her body and pumps his rich musky semen into her tightening cunt. Her insistent fingers and bucking body take your own orgasm to a new plateau and you scream with pleasure, your whole body tensing before collapsing limply in my arms.

We all lie breathlessly in each other's arms relaxing, each of us knowing that we will not be going to sleep for some time.