 I believe I've achieved my ultimate goal - I am a Dirty Old Man!

This is the twelfth chapter in this series - I strongly recommend you to read the previous chapters in order before this one, it's not going to make a lot of sense otherwise. All the active sexual participants in these stories are over 18.

I can't thank Romantic1 enough for the time he spent reviewing and editing this and the previous chapters.

*******************

The heaviness grew in my swaying balls and I could feel my cum building up in the base of my cock. I cried out as it surged through my cock splattering the insides of her cunt. It took several more strokes to drain me. The warmth of my cum in her cunt pushed her over the edge. Her body was racked with an orgasm that lasted for as long as I kept moving. My cock kept twitching and she kept cuming for another minute or so, before she pushed me off and curled up still shaking. 

Simone gathered her up in her arms and I spooned behind her, my arms round both of them. 

*******************

Proposal 

I was pleasantly woken during the night by Simone. My firm cock was nestled between Simone's thighs as she rhythmically pushed back at me. My hand was on her breast and her nipple was hard under my fingertips. Her hand grasped my shaft and guided the head into her warm slippery passage. She sighed as I filled her and began rocking, gently moving inside her. She gave little whimpers and I dropped my hand to her clit, rubbing it in a circular motion. Her moans grew a bit louder and more urgent. 

A sleepy head rose up from the pillow on the other side of Simone, and looked at us. Lise blinked away the sleep in her eyes and grinned when she realised what we were doing. She turned to face Simone and sucked on a breast, nibbling at the nipple. Simone could only stand this double onslaught for a couple of minutes. Her moans turned into a long drawn out groan and I felt her cunt shiver as she came. She pulled off me and curled up, slipping back into sleep. I don't think she was really awake the whole time.

Lise crawled over and kissed me, she whispered, "Did you cum?" I shook my head.

"Good, my turn then," and she rolled me onto my back. My member still stood at attention, slick with Simi's juices and my pre-cum. She turned round and faced my cock. She licked the swollen shaft and swallowed the head, rolling her tongue around the base of the head. Her head rose and she looked back at me. 

"Hmmm, my favourite taste, both of my lovers in one place." She bent her head down and swallowed half my length, her ass in the air tempting me to play with it.

I caressed the perfect soft globes of her ass cheeks, running my fingers down the grove and seeking her intimate places. My fingers penetrating her velvet soft vagina, still wet from our earlier lovemaking. She moaned, the sound muffled by my cock. I played with her spot before pulling them out. I ran a finger slick with our juices around the bud of her ass. 

Her head came off my cock and she shuddered, "Christ that feels good, play with it some more."

I dipped my fingers between her pussy lips, collecting and using our juices to lubricate them. I pushed a finger past the tight muscular ring and into her virgin ass up the first knuckle and rolled it around. She groaned and I felt her anal ring flutter, and she pushed back at my finger. She relaxed and the finger slid all the way in. 

She gasped, "Merde," and again she pushed back. Then, "Ohh fuck," as my thumb pressed down on her nub. She was sucking frantically at my cock as a second finger joined the first. The combination of my fingers moving in her ass and my thumb rubbing her clit, was making her pant. Her head dropped to my thigh and her hand was squeezing the base of my shaft. Her rhythmic grunts grew louder, and then stopped as she came, her mouth open in a soundless cry. She shuddered and squirted, her juice trickling down my arm. 

She looked at me and said, "That was good, different but fucking good Andy." Then she rolled over onto her back, opening her legs, and held her arms out to me in invitation.

I eagerly slid between her thighs and my throbbing cock sheathed itself inside her hungry passage. I groaned as the tight wet, silky soft vagina caressed the skin of my cock. I pulled her legs up onto my shoulders and we were moving in harmony. One of Simone's hands came into view and she pinched and pulled Lise's nipple, the other was fondling my ass. My thrusts became harder and more urgent. Simi was kissing Lise, their mouths glued together. 

My need was growing closer, I could feel the tension in my balls and I was desperate for release. Lisette's head fell back and she cried out as her orgasm hit; her body shaking, her juice coating my groin. With a long drawn out groan I came, my jism flooding her and mixing with her juice to create the ultimate cocktail. 

I lay between them on my back, basking in the afterglow. Simone and Lise rested their heads on my shoulders. Two sets of sleepy eyes looking at me and each other. 

Simone whispered, "I love you both." 

"I love you two so much it hurts," came the tearful whisper from the other side. 

Simone reached over to caress her cheek as I kissed her tears away. 

Simi looked at me and said, "Andy my love, when we get to the island for our wedding, I would like us to have a small private ceremony where we place an engagement ring on this little one's finger. Can we?" She gestured at Lise.

I felt Lise freeze waiting for my answer, she was so still I wasn't sure she was breathing. I knew the answer she hoped for, so I paused for dramatic effect.

"I would love that, I can't think of anything I'd rather do." There was a gasp from Simone. I laughed and said, "After marrying you that is." She punched me on the arm and then two mouths were kissing my face. 

We settled down again and we heard Lise whisper, "Thank you, thank you." 

A few moments later Lise sat up and said, "I'm going to go back to my room for the rest of the night. If I'm not mistaken you are going to get at least one of the children visiting you in the morning." 

"Crap." 

As she got out of the bed she rummaged around in the drawers and tossed us some bedclothes. "And you should be wearing something, a naked Andy is too much for anyone first thing in the morning." She giggled.

Lise paused as she walked out of the cabin and looked over her shoulder. She said softly with a sigh, "Unless you want sex that is." 

Simone pulled on a tee shirt and a pair of soft pale blue cotton panties and found a pair of sleeping shorts for me. We curled up in each other's arms and we quickly fell asleep. 

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 

New Revelations

It felt like a herd of elephants were jumping up and down on my chest. I forced a sleep-incrusted eye open and saw Anna's face inches from mine. 

"Oh goody you're awake." 

How could I not be awake with a kangaroo of sorts jumping all over me. The bed shook again, and I saw Michael jumping up and down too. He said, "Mummy says it's time for you to get up." 

I groaned and heard Simone saying from the bathroom, "No, what I said was would you please wake Andy up gently. Not bounce him out of bed. Go and get him a cup of coffee from Lise please. Remember your manners. Tell her 'thank you.'" 

There was the sound of feet scampering away and peace returned to the cabin. Mother of god I'd forgotten what it was like to be woken by children, and it's an experience I wouldn't trade for anything. 

Simone stood in the doorway of the bathroom wrapped in a towel. "Are you regretting falling in love with me yet?"

"Who says I fell in love with you, I just want your children." 

She laughed and threw the wet towel at me, leaving her deliciously naked for a few seconds. 

Anna walked into the cabin carefully balancing a mug of coffee on a tray. "Aunty Lise says you need to get up or she is throwing your breakfast away." She placed the mug by the bed and skipped off back to the galley 

I swung my legs over the side of the bed and sat sipping my mug of coffee. "How sure are you about this thing with Lise?" I asked. 

"As sure as I knew I wanted my children back, and you at my side for the rest of my life. Why are you having second thoughts?" 

"Nooo..., I'm just scared that you might think that I love you less because of her." 

"And do you?" 

"No, if anything I love you more. How do I explain it? She's like a catalyst, an amplifier of our love." 

She sat down beside me, combing through her damp hair. "When she asked us, my first thought was 'hell no, you're not stealing my man'. Then we talked and I realised it wasn't you she wanted but both of us. She doesn't see us as individuals but as a couple and it's the couple she wants to be with." 

"I think I know what you're saying, I'm going to miss her when she's in Paris. I think I see a lot of trips to Paris in our future." 

She smiled at the thought and started to get dressed. I headed to the shower and had a quick wash before dressing and joining the others for breakfast. 

I found them sitting around the table in the wheelhouse. The table was spread with a platter of cold meats and cheese and plate of warm croissants. There were fresh butter and fruit preserves, and of course orange juice and coffee.

Anna stood up so I could slide in beside Simone and she sat down on my other side. 

Anna asked, "When does my big sister get here?" 

"In about a couple of hours I think," I replied. "We can walk up to the chateau when we finish here and meet them if you'd like?" 

Simone said, "We can have a look at our new home on the way and you can decide which bedrooms will be yours." 

"Does Aunty Lise get to pick one as well?" Anna asked. 

The three adults looked at each other in amusement. I said, "I think we could do that, she's going to need a room for when she comes to stay." I felt Lisette kick me under the table, and saw her stick her tongue at me. 

Simone said, "In fact for the next couple of nights she's going to have to sleep on the sofa or in our cabin because her new flat in Paris isn't ready, and we need her cabin for Kirsten and Christine." 

Michael said, "Aunty Lisette can have my bed if she wants to?" 

His mother looked like she was considering his offer, "No, I don't think that will work as you need to be in bed much earlier than Lise. But that was a very kind offer, thank you Michael." And she rubbed his head affectionately. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Lise give a sigh of relief. 

Simone looked at the scattered remains on the table and asked if we were all finished. We were, so Lise and the children cleaned up the table while I quickly tidied up the galley. 

"Could you move your bags to our cabin please," Simone asked Lise. "And Anna could you help me get the cabin ready for our guests?" 

"Yes mummy." 

"Michael, could you give me a hand please," I asked. "I need to lift the floor in the wheelhouse so I can check the engine and the batteries." 

He looked intrigued and followed me to the wheelhouse. I unlatched the floor panels and lifted them out of the way and dropped down into the engine compartment. I held my hand and Michael joined me. 

"We need to check the oil levels, and the battery charge indicators." I said as I pointed, "And these tanks hold the fuel, water and waste, and we need to check that there are no leaks."

"What this?" He asked, pointing. 

"That's the prop shaft. It takes the power from the engine and makes the propeller turn, and that, in turn, makes the boat go forward." 

We spent a few minutes male bonding, as he poked and prodded around the engine bay. I got him to check the oil level with the dipstick, and we cleaned the cooling water intake filters. I lifted him out and pulled myself up, and he helped me replace and secure the floor panels. 

Simone smiled at us and mouthed thank you to me as he bounced over to her and started to tell her all about the engine. 

Anna was anxious to move, she couldn't wait to meet my daughter. We locked up and the five of us started walking up the dirt track through the vineyards. The grape picking was in full swing and we saw several teams of pickers at work. 

Gaston saw us and waved and strolled over and greeted us. 

He said, "It's going to be a good harvest, it looks like it's going be a vintage year." He cut a small bunch of grapes from the nearest vine and we all tasted them. Simone nodded and agreed with him. To be honest they just tasted like grapes to me, a bit sharper than the eating varieties I was used to. 

He pointed up the road, "Your father is checking the grapes in the reserved field." We looked and we could see George with his back to us as he checked the grapes. Simone called out and he turned and waved. The children ran up to their grandfather and they hugged him. 

As we walked up to him, my phone rang. It was Kirsten confirming that they were about an hour away. I gave the news to the others, and after greeting Simone's father we carried on walking up the track. 

I was holding Simone's hand, and Lise had Anna's. Michael kept running a few meters then waiting for us. We decided we had the time to check up on the progress the builders were making on our new home. 

The new kitchen was partially installed, and the kids and Lise ran upstairs to claim their bedrooms. Michael and Anna chose the two at the back that shared a bathroom. They insisted that Lise had the larger one that had its own bathroom. 

There was a large hole in the garden and I had to explain to Simone that it was for my koi carp pond. They had already installed the hot tub and had started building the barbecue. 

Lise appeared with tears in her eyes, "I'm going to be so happy here, thank you for letting me be part of your family." 

Simone hugged and kissed her. Then we showed her our bedroom and the large en-suite bathroom, with its whirlpool bath and large shower. 

I came up behind them putting my arms round them. "Do you think we will be able to keep clean in here?" 

Simone giggled, "Why, what do you think we will be doing to need all this?"

Lise laughed and said, "If you don't know then I think we will have to show you." She turned to us and lavished kisses onto both of us. 

We were interrupted by the children, who didn't seem fazed at all by our visible affection for one another. Anna was tugging on my arm reminding me that we need to get up to the chateau to meet Kirsten. The walk only took five minutes and we were soon settled down in the kitchen as Sarah made a fuss of the children. 

Twenty minutes later I got a call. "Dad are you sure I'm supposed to drive up the drive? There's a lot of people and tractors and trailers here. There's a man that doesn't want me drive up." 

"Of course you can, I don't know why he's stopping you?"

Simone overheard the conversation and held her hand out for my phone. "Kirsty please find this idiot and give him the phone." She waited a few moments tapping her foot. 

I heard a tinny 'Oui' from the phone and Simone launched into the poor man. After thirty seconds she handed my phone back to me and I gingerly put it to my ear. 

"Dad you there?" 

"Yes."

"What did she say?"

"No idea, why?" 

"The guy is running around telling people we are the guests of the 'Contessa' and to clear the road. Who's the Contessa dad?" 

I got a unsettling feeling in the pit of my stomach, "Did you say 'Contessa'?" I looked over at Simone to see the colour leach from her face and then she looked down at her hands that were clasped together in her lap. 

I said, "Hey I need to go, I'll see you in a couple of minutes," and I hung up. 

I sat down at the table and looked at her. She wouldn't look me in the eye, and so I asked, "Is there something you would like to tell me? Who's the Contessa? I thought we agreed there would be no more secrets between us." 

Simone still wouldn't look at me and I could hear a quiver in her voice as she replied. "I'm the Contessa, I didn't want to scare you away, I do love you."

"I know you love me, and you know I love you. But why do you keep thinking you need to hide things from me. It just upsets and hurts me that you don't feel you can tell me everything."

She came and sat on my lap and kissed me with a hint of desperation. "Really it's just a title. It was my grandmothers, she was Italian. When she died it passed on to my mother and then to me. Anna will inherit it. Although I suppose if I adopt Kirsty the title could go to her or maybe to both." 

"Christ, don't tell her that, she'll be unbearable to live with." I hugged her, "Let's go and meet our daughter darling. We'll talk about this later and discuss your punishment." 

She jumped up and whispered in my ear, "Yes, master." Then she kissed me and we all walked around to the front of the chateau. There was something in the way she moved that made me think that there was more to this revelation than she was telling me. The other thought I had was that Lisette didn't seem surprised by the latest revelation. 

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 

The girls arrive

We were just in time to see a dusty yellow VW Beatle convertible pull up. It was like time had stopped for me as two young women got out of the car. Kirsten was the spitting image of her mother when I first met her. Tall at five foot ten, long golden brown hair that reached halfway down her back. Piercing blue eyes and a smile that lit up the world. Christine was a younger version of the Julia I remember from our earlier days. My moment of reflection was broken by Anna running up to Kirsten and hugging her.

Kirsten picked her up and Anna wrapped her arm round her neck. Kirsten said, "So you are my new sister are you?" 

"Yes I'm Anna, and you're very pretty - the prettiest person I've ever seen." 

"Thank you, and you're just as pretty in person, as you are on the computer." She carried her over to me and the three of us hugged. "Hi dad, love you, and I've missed you," she said as I stroked her hair.

"You're just as beautiful as your mother," I said with a catch in my voice. I saw a tear form in her eye, and I kissed it away. "I love you, come and meet Simone, who it seems is the mysterious Contessa." I lifted Anna from her and turned to Simone. 

There was a brief hesitation, then they were in a deep hug. I turned to Christine who had come over to us. "Hi Chrissy, god you've changed for the best." 

"It's been four years Uncle Andy." 

"You know you look like you mother did the first time I met her."

"You mean on your birthday, when she said she was your present."

"Christ, Chrissy she didn't tell you that story did she?" 

She laughed, "No, dad did, she just told me the bit about you unwrapping her later."

I went red and she laughed again, and then hugged and kissed me. "My mother loves you, it's something I think I've always known. And the fact that dad loves you too and is ok with it means I'm happy as well."

She looked up at me and said, "It wasn't until I joined the 'family' and I read the messages that I understood why mum and dad loved you and Ros so much. 

She looked down and said quietly, "It also explains why I love you and your daughter so much."

"I will admit I was a bit surprised when your parents told me that you two were together, happy but surprised."

"We are really happy together but I don't think you can call us lesbians, we are both much more bi-curious with a preference for women. We still like the occasional man and have shared the odd one."

I laughed, "That's probably too much information for this old man." 

I put my arm around her and we walked over to join the others. Lise came and kissed Chrissy. Poor Michael looked like he had his first case of puppy love. He was looking at Christine with a soppy expression and following her around. I smiled and pointed it out to Simone. 
