 Tales of the Sexual Healers Chapter 9...Isolde meets and seduces two male Sorcerers and gains the power of Necromancy.

I continued to wander through many towns... always in the woods, communing with the faeries, gazing up at the mighty stars. Sometimes I would feel the pangs of loneliness and long for home, but I always carried the Amulet of Isis with me, to keep me safe. I was hungry one day and smelled the delicious aroma of meat roasting in a fire pit, close by. With my cloak wrapped around me and my magickal shield protecting me, I followed the sound of voices to a clearing and saw a beautiful Spanish cottage with a cobblestone walk, beautiful gardens and herbs growing and shining with happiness in the earth. A fire pit stood in the center of the mosaic ground and two young men were tending that day's kill and chatting animatedly. 

They stopped short when they saw me. One had lively features, almost elven, with light brown hair and a slender build. The other had loose robes on and was almost swarthy...with dark eyes and hair, dark scruff on his shining cheeks. They studied me interestedly, taking in my body and punani, which had begun to glow at the presence of Magick. For there WAS a spark of Magick in the air...I knew not what, for I was too hungry and tired to care. They invited me to sit down and partake of the feast that they had. We sat around the fire, with goblets of Iberian wine and succulent bites of Wild Boar. My eyes were almost closing when I noticed that the Fair-haired one, Sebastian, leaned over and kissed the Dark man Diego, on the lips.

I was delighted...the two men were lovers and the genuine passion and affection of Twin Flames flowed between them. Unabashedly, they began to kiss and caress each other and soon their robes were bulging with the triumphant rising of their sexes. Diego knelt between Sebastian's slim legs and began to stroke his massive phallus, causing him to throw his head back and pull his lover's head towards his crotch. Diego began licking and sucking Sebastian's bulbous cock-head and sliding his huge penis down his throat as Sebastian looked at me and smiled. The slurping sounds and moans from both men were making my Yoni moist and hot. Both men disrobed and I got to gaze upon their gorgeous athletic bodies...

But I took another look at Diego...he had Strong magick within him and the Spirits of the dead around him. But where Sebastian's smooth hairless chest was muscular and well-formed, Diego's had a perfect pair of perky breasts, atop a strong waist and long, defined legs. I was getting aroused as I watched Diego spit on his cock and part Sebastian's bottom-cheeks and enter his rectum. Sebastian looked at me as I started to masturbate at the erotic sight. With a crook of his long talented finger, he motioned to me to join them. 

As Diego buggered Sebastian, the Fae Sorcerer groaned in orgasmic bliss. I shed my robes and squatted in front of Sebastian's face, holding my nether lips open to his questing tongue.

Lisa

As Diego buggered Sebastian, the Fae Sorcerer groaned in orgasmic bliss. I shed my robes and squatted in front of Sebastian's face, holding my nether lips open to his questing tongue. I began to moan softly as Sebastian sucked on my clitoris while Diego with his piercing eyes fondled my gorgeous breasts. He turned Sebastian over with his long curved man-horn still inside of him so I could sit on Sebastian's face and ride it to orgasm and suck on Diego's breasts. His nipples were hard as a rock as he growled at the sensation of his man-tits being stimulated while his hard cock was inside Sebastian's hot man-tunnel.

Lisa

I leaned forward so I could fellate Sebastian's huge member and play with Diego's swinging ball sack and he took larger and larger strokes inside his lover. Sebastian groaned as he grabbed my head and almost choked me with the force of his excitement. With a roar, the Necromancer blew his load inside Sebastian's asshole. As hot streams of Wizard-juice leaked out of Sebastian's dilated rectum, the Dark man pulled out of his mate and wiped his long still-erect wand on the soft bed of herbs. I alternated between sucking and licking Sebastian's giant Athame and Diego's which was still throbbing from his spending. I laid on my back and the full force of the Sex Magick we were creating overcame us. 

Diego crawled on top of me and I was kissing and suckling his pretty titties with their cherry nips. He entered my wet glowing magickal pussy and immediately his entire body began to glow. Sebastian watched with wide eyes as his lover's Root chakra opened and Kundalini energy was released. With rhythmic undulating strokes, the Necromancer rode me to waves of orgasms even as he gasped at the feeling of being inside a woman for the first time. Sebastian's hands joined mine rubbing and pulling on his soulmate's breasts. Diego muttered some words in an ancient Iberian chant as he pulled out of my soaking wet cunt and put his cock in Sebastian's gaping mouth. Sebastian sucked Diego with great fervor while slipping his engorged member into me. I cried out in ecstasy as simultaneously both men entered me... Sebastian was plumbing the depths of my Goddess-home and Diego was gently sliding his long thin cock still wet from Sebastian's mouth into my waste-hole. All three of us were fondling and caressing and kissing each other, we did not know where one of us ended and one of us began. With a shuddering sigh of release, we all climaxed at the same time and Sebastian gathered all our combined body fluids into a small pail. 

He was a curandero, he explained, a healer, who healed the people in the village and used the magickal love fluids in his work. He was very happy that combined with the usual Warlock man-juice was very special Magickal Female Witch essence. With a lazy grin, Diego dipped his finger into my well-loved Yoni and rubbed the juices all over his hands for he said he would use the Magick to bring their favorite lamb back to life. He chanted in his baritone voice and called to the Gatekeeper. Within minutes, the little rascal sprang up and ran off for it's supper. 

I lived with the Sorcerers for a while...Learning their folk magic...speaking to the Dead...the art of Necromancy. I cooked for them and we lived happily as a Triad for many moons. Until I heard word from the Palace in England...King Henry the VIII was requesting my appearance at the Royal Court. He had just married Ann Boleyn and they required my services as a Midwife. I had the knowledge of Herbs from the time I had spent with Nostradamus so I bade both male Witches good-bye and set off for the Palace, to serve with my Magick again. 

~sexynursechef~