 It started as more of a soiree. My lovely friend Amy, a fellow student at the country college I was attending, had invited a bunch of us around to her student pad – an old house in town that she shared with three or four other students – for a few drinks and smokes on a Friday night.

Amy was a sweet girl, naturally beautiful with a slight aloofness that I read as shyness. She was Eurasian in appearance with black, glossy hair in a short bob, big dark almond eyes, and a sensuous mouth with full lips. Her body was compact and slender with an almost boyish figure, and I had secretly lusted after her for almost a year, since first meeting her at student orientation. In the time I had known her she had not had a boyfriend as far as I could tell, and I was not alone in thinking that she perhaps secretly preferred the company of girls. 

Nevertheless, we had become reasonably close as knockabout friends and drinking buddies. I was what was known as a 'mature age' student and, at 24 years of age, I suspect my relative worldliness may have had something to do with Amy's befriending me. Most first-year students, including Amy, were pretty much straight out of high school.

The party was a typical student affair; you know - sitting around, cask-wine, pot, loud music and even louder talking. I didn't talk to Amy much during the evening. As the hostess, she spent most of the time flitting from group to group, although once, when I did manage to catch her eye, she held my gaze slightly longer than usual, a little smile flickering around the corners of her pretty mouth. Despite the secret thrill it gave me, I put it down to our friendly familiarity and the quality of the local grass we were smoking. At one stage late in the evening, Amy's cute best friend Sara, a petite but curvy blonde, who must have had one too many cones, suddenly expressed an urgent need to lie down. Amy offered her room, and Sara, muttering general goodbyes and apologies, swayed off up the hall towards the front of the house.

As the night wore on we all got pretty trashed, more stoned than drunk in my case (I really can't drink and smoke at the same time or it wipes me out). Eventually a few people started to leave and then, within minutes it seemed, the living room was empty, apart from Amy and me and a handful of bodies, passed out on the lounge and in corners. We were both pretty whacked but feeling fine, and she asked if I wanted to crash on the floor of her room. Not relishing a long and lonely walk across town, I accepted gratefully.

Entering Amy's room, it took a moment for my eyes to adjust to the dim light from a small, bedside lamp which had been draped with a scarf. An old queen-size bed dominated the room, and I could just make out the form of Amy's friend Sara, lying on her back, more or less in the middle of the bed. It was a warm night, and she had pushed the sheet down so that it was only covering her legs, leaving her exposed in dark knickers and a flimsy, short singlet or halter-top of indeterminate colour. The pale skin of her bare tummy and shoulders seemed to almost glow in the semi-darkness, and her deep, steady breathing indicated she was well and truly asleep.

I barely had time to register this image before Amy hurriedly stepped over the pile of clothes that Sara had obviously discarded immediately inside the door, and pulled the sheet up to cover the distinctly arousing form of her sleeping friend.

'Shit', she hissed softly, ' I forgot all about Sara being in here. Sorry. Still, it won't make any difference will it? I mean, to you crashing on the floor?'

'Are you sure?' I whispered, a tad disingenuously. 'I'd really hate to be a bother.'

'No, seriously, it's fine', she replied under her breath, going on tip-toe to the wardrobe in the corner. 'I'll just find an old doona you can use as a mattress.'

After rummaging quietly for a minute, she returned with a rather thin and musty old eiderdown, a pillow of similar vintage, and a folded blanket which I quickly went about fashioning into a rudimentary camp-bed on the floor. As I scrabbled about, cautious not to wake Sara, Amy surreptitiously moved back to the wardrobe, pulling the 50's style summer-dress she had been wearing over her head and carefully putting it on a hanger. Politely pretending not to look, I admired her slender bare back and shapely round bottom, clad in white satin knickers, as she bent, her back to me, to pull off her shoes. She pulled on a loose white t-shirt and as she did so, I caught a brief side-view of an incredibly cute small breast, the pale nipple indistinguishable from the surrounding flesh in the dim light of the late night bedroom.

My heart was beginning to pound and my breath was getting short. I quickly stripped off down to my briefs and was lying in my 'bed' by the time Amy turned around and padded back across the room. Stepping over me to climb onto the bed, she whispered, 'Good night, sleep tight. I'll leave the little lamp on in case Sara needs to get up in the night'.

She blew me a little goodnight kiss followed by a pretty smile, and slid down under the sheet next to Sara.

The inadequate thickness of my mattress, combined with the now more-than-adequate thickness of my burgeoning erection, made it very difficult to find a comfortable position in which to sleep. Consequently, it was after only a few minutes of tossing and turning that I heard Amy's soft voice asking, 'Look, do you want to come up here? There's not a lot of room, but if I squash up next to Sara...' 

Needless to say, a second invitation was not necessary. I stood up gratefully and, careful to conceal my raging hard-on (now bent sideways and straining at the cloth of my underpants), I slipped under the sheet beside her.

In her relaxed state, our bed-mate Sara had by now moved from the middle of the bed, but was still occupying most of the other half, top sheet included, leaving Amy and me with the other half between us. Trying to take up as little room as possible, and still wary of my tumescent prick, I lay on my side with my back to Amy, a tiny scrap of sheet clutched to my groin in modesty. Bound by the practicalities of the situation, Amy faced the same way, and with her shirt-clad front pressed against my bare back, spoons fashion, she rested a gentle hand on my shoulder.

My precarious position on the edge of the bed left my knees hanging over the side, with any wrong movement threatening to return me to the floor. With Amy's soft breasts against my back and my bottom in her lap, the tension in my pants was foremost in my mind. I was hardly in a position to relieve the tension myself, and realised I could not survive the night like this. Something must be done. I had to at least turn over.

Careful not to disturb either of my bed-mates, I began to manoeuvre my body in the confined space. Finally I was more-or-less on my back, albeit with my right shoulder and arm hanging off the edge. From this position I discovered I could see Amy's face and, with a shock, I saw that her eyes were wide open and were looking directly into mine.

Spontaneously, I turned my head and pressed my lips to hers. She didn't pull away, so I gently slipped the tip of my tongue out to explore. As it slid between her lips I felt the slippery tip of her tongue touch mine and quickly withdraw, only to return a second later as our tongues began a slow and tentative pas de deux. Almost automatically, my right hand found its way to Amy's left breast outside the soft cotton of her t-shirt, gently stroking and squeezing its soft firmness, the nipple responding noticeably to my fingers' ministrations.

It was at this point that my impatient cock chose to spring free of its confinement and, with a soft slapping noise, landed across the inside of Amy's right thigh. There was no going back from this point it seemed. Ignoring my penis' ungentlemanly behaviour, we continued kissing, and I slipped my hand under Amy's t-shirt. As I started stroking her flat tummy, I felt her little hand close around my turgid pole and give it a squeeze. (At a solid eight inches, I knew my cock was impressive enough, without being too scary).

'Mmmm...' she breathed as I kissed her neck, pushing up her t-shirt to expose her pretty tits. She began to stroke my cock to a slow rhythm, occasionally sliding her hand down to squeeze and tickle my balls. We were both struggling to control our breathing, aware of Sara's sleeping form only inches away.

My lips were grazing from breast to breast, my tongue swirling around each nipple in turn, occasionally stopping to gently suck one into my mouth, as my hand explored the smooth, new terrain of her lovely body. Her breathing had become ragged, a series of short gasps and quiet moans, and her hand began to squeeze my cock more urgently, her thumb doing swirls in the slippery pre-come covering my throbbing knob. 

So far, I had not touched Amy's pussy, apart from a few light squeezes and strokes between her legs though the thin satin of her panties. Now I slid my hand down across her smooth tummy, working my fingers under the elastic to feel the first sparse hairs of her soft bush, my middle finger locating the beginning of her slit among the silken fur. Cupping my hand slightly, I dipped my fingers down between her thighs, which fell further apart as my middle finger dipped between her plump lips to the hot, slippery wetness within. I covered her mouth with mine to stifle her low moans as my finger circled her small, hard clitoris briefly before burying itself deeply in her tight, wet cunt. Her hips jerked involuntarily, as she pushed herself against my fingers, her nails digging into my shoulder as she pulled me against her.

Seized with a sudden, terrible lust, we were both breathing heavily, trembling with the effort of minimising our movements and utterances. A few light snores and snuffles coming from Sara let us know she was still dead to the world, so I gently pushed the sheet aside, wary of disturbing Sara's slumber and, as carefully as I could manage, pulled Amy's knickers down, leaving her to push them off her feet while I removed my own. We were now totally naked, exposed to the warm night air next to the sheet-covered Sara.

Then, ever so carefully, I climbed over Amy's small body, my weight supported with elbows and knees while she managed to get a leg either side of me. I looked into her beautiful, deep, dark eyes, and, reaching down, guided the head of my aching cock toward the gates of heaven. Rubbing myself up and down in the silky, sparse fur, it took only a few seconds before I felt my glans slip between her cunt-lips and past the first, tight resistance of her entrance, to lodge itself just inside her. Her eyes still locked on mine, she arched her neck back and opened her mouth wide in what looked like a scream, but sounded like a breathy moan. I waited a few seconds before withdrawing slightly, and again pushing slowly but firmly further into her. This time she made a muted 'huh!', turning her head to the side, knuckles in her mouth, as I gained an inch or two before pausing again. After three or four more firm, gentle thrusts, her wetness was really flowing, and I soon found myself buried to the hilt in her sweet belly. 

The air was rich with the smell of sex as I paused momentarily , my cock twitching slightly, soaking inside her, allowing her to adjust to this throbbing intruder, before beginning a series of slow, deep, controlled thrusts, almost completely withdrawing before sliding all the way back in, over and over again. 

Putting her mouth to my ear she spoke softly, breathlessly, 'Oh fuck, that's good... go deeper, fuck me deeper ... please...'. Who was I to deny such a request? 

'For you – anything', I responded, and began pushing at the end of each thrust, feeling the tip of my cock press against the bottom of her cervix and my balls squash against her arse with each stroke. 

Her rhythmic sighs were becoming louder and louder, and I lifted myself up into a kneeling position between her open thighs. What a delicious sight! This dream girl, sprawled beneath me, eyes closed, mouth agape, one hand clutching the bedding beside her, the other clutching one of her own sweet breasts, as my cock slid relentlessly in and out of her divine body. It was then I noticed a slight, repetitive movement under the heaped sheet on the other side of the bed, and caught the glint of Sara's eye, flicking across her friend's rapturous face and the points where our bodies were meeting. It seemed our bed-mate was awake and, judging by the location of the repetitive movement under the sheet, was very much enjoying the little show her friend and I were putting on.

Realising there was now no need for restraint, I began to pick up the pace of my thrusting and, pushing one of Amy's legs back so her knee met her chest, I put the flat of my hand on her silky dark bush and slid my thumb down between us, into her soaking cleft, to rub little circles around the hard nub of her clitoris.

Her reaction was almost instant. Arching her neck and back until she was only supported by head, arms and one foot, she began spasmodically bucking her pelvis against me while uttering "Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck", over and over, interspersed with the odd moan, as she lost herself, tumbling in the pounding surf of an apparently first-rate climax. Needless to say, the witnessing of such erotic abandon from so sweet a girl was not without its effect on me. I felt the sap rising in my balls and, grasping her hips, I began ploughing her luscious cunt in earnest, slamming in to the root with each hammering thrust as I began building to what promised to be a monumental come.

That was when she said, "Don't come inside me!"

Using every ounce of willpower, I immediately throttled back to a stop.

"What?" 

"Please - don't come inside me", she repeated, giving an apologetic look, as I struggled to rein in my confused cock, which lay rigid as a plank, twitching and oozing deep inside her.

(Note: Now, we're talking early eighties here - post-sexual revolution, pre-AIDS. Most girls were on the pill but even so, some preferred to minimise the risk of pregnancy by requesting their partner pull out before coming. Known locally in Sydney as "Getting off at Redfern" (the stop before Central station), this counter-intuitive practice was certainly not without its erotic possibilities...)

"OK", I responded, my mind working as I slowly started moving again. I was weighing up my options. Images of coming over her pretty tits and belly, perhaps her thighs and bush, swam in my head. I was pumping her steadily now, having pulled back from the brink, and was about to ask nicely if I could come in her mouth, when I heard a small voice say:

"You can come inside me..."

It was Sara. We had almost forgotten her, and now there she was, glowing palely in the half-light, no more that a couple of feet away. She had pushed the sheet aside and now lay there, her singlet pulled up above firm, round breasts, their dark nipples standing taut as she gazed directly at me, her face flushed with raw desire.

"...if you want..?"

She had pushed her skimpy knickers down slightly and was gently stroking herself with both hands, her fingers combing through the dark-straw-coloured thatch visible between her legs, occasionally dipping down to emerge glinting in the lamplight with the evidence of her aroused state.

I looked at Amy. "Do you mind if I..."

She gave a little mock frown, and then smiled sweetly. "Of course not. Mind if I watch, though?"

I returned her smile, my cock still inside her, and reached across to pull Sara's knickers off before sliding a hand up her thigh to the damp curls between her legs. God, she was wet! She groaned loudly as I slid two fingers deep into her molten honey-pot. I felt my cock begin to twitch again inside Amy and knew that I couldn't last much longer so, giving a couple of quick, short thrusts for good measure I withdrew, and with as much suavity as I could muster, clamoured from between Amy's legs to kneel between Sara's. My prick stood straight up against my belly, quivering, majestic, and slick with Amy's juices. Sarah stared at its rigid length, her eyes shining like new pennies as she reached to hold it. I leant forward to meet her lips and, at the instant I felt her sweet tongue touch mine, I felt the head of my manhood slide between her plump pussy lips, and my shaft sinking deep into the hot, clinging quicksand of her cunt.

She was clearly right on the edge, for I had only managed two or three more deep thrusts before she grabbed my arse with both hands and, pulling me fully inside her, started coming with a series of animal cries and moans as she ground her lush, juicy vulva hard against my pelvic bone.

I was aware of Amy kneeling beside us, her hand stroking my back as she watched her friend, thrashing like a landed fish on my rock-hard pole,.

For the second time in five minutes or so, the pressure started building, as my whole cock seemed to double in size, my balls tingling and burning in anticipation of their now inevitable release. When I felt Amy's soft, cool hand slide down across my buttocks, lightly grazing my arsehole before gently grasping and squeezing my bursting balls from behind, I lost all remaining control. With a sudden rush of pure pleasure my cock exploded, and I emptied myself into Sarah in a series of long, aching spurts, my shaft pulsing and twitching uncontrollably as I fell forward onto her to ride out the crashing waves of pleasure, my chest against her soft breasts, my lips pressed to her neck. 

     _______________________________________________ 



I could sense the first light of dawn through my closed eyelids as I awoke to the delicious sensation of having my soft cock licked and nibbled. Realizing where I was, and remembering the events of only a few hours before, I felt myself begin to stiffen as I wondered, eyes still closed, which of those lovely mouths was responsible for this beautifully rude awakening.

Opening one eye, I saw Amy lying naked on her side next to me, her head propped up on one hand as she watched through lowered eyelids. With her other hand she was tracing lazy little circles around her nipples.

Noticing my open eye, she smiled sexily and said, 'Sara reckoned she could make you come without waking you.'

'Damn', I responded croakily, 'Give me a second; I'm sure I can get back to sleep.'

Both girls giggled at this and, looking down, I watched as Sara, curled like a cat on the end of the bed, opened her mouth and slid about five inches of my now rampant tool into her hot little mouth. 'Yum', I thought, and reached out a hand to stroke Amy's thigh, shutting my eyes again to focus on the pure sensations.

Within the next half hour, I had fucked both girls again, revelling in their different internal textures – Sarah's cunt, still full of my come, made deliciously obscene noises as I swung in and out of her from behind, before withdrawing and slipping into Amy's smooth, tight channel for a few strokes, and so on... 

At one stage, I dared the girls to go down on each other. Blushing and giggling at the thought, they tentatively kissed, but were soon into it, tongues entwined, exploring each others bodies with their hands and fingers. Eventually they worked themselves into a sixty-nine position; side by side, and had barely put their tongues to work before they both came, writhing uncontrollably, and stifling their cries and moans between each others legs.

It came to an end when I found myself coming like a geyser in Amy's sweet mouth as she crouched over me, dark eyes looking into mine. As my spasms subsided, she relaxed her lips to let my come trickle back down my shaft and over her little hand.

'Mmmm...Hot...,' said Sara, watching her friend licking her lips.
