 Isolde is Caught in a Love Triangle

I had been a Priestess of Hecate's Temple for 2 years and had grown considerably in my Enchantment skills. I was anxious to be on my way, to travel the world. And I had become so beautiful with my inner glow that the young men of Colchis were clamouring to become suitors. I admit, I was beginning to feel yearnings inside of me to experience the thrust and strength of a man, or men. After all, I had not forgotten the wild, erotic lovemaking of Pan, when he seduced me that night and took me many times under Selene's glowing Moon-eyes. 

I had heard tales of Camelot, of course, and Morgana Le Fey, a distant cousin. I decided to stop and see my sister Witch and sit at the feet of Merlin. My reunion was short-lived, however, when I was approached by a young and handsome Knight of the Round Table named Tristan. He had just defeated a major enemy and was under orders to bring me back to be his Uncle's bride. One look in his glistening eyes and bulging muscles and I felt a stirring in my pussy. His cock-head, too, pulsed at the sight of my woman curves, As I gathered my belongings, I thrust a love potion into my travel-bag and we set on our journey. 

We arrived at the Castle and King Mark was solicitous and kind to me, We were to be married in the morrow. I couldn't stop my lusty and indecent thoughts of Tristan's quivering and large phallus buried deep inside me. I couldn't sleep that night determined that I should have him. I reached into my Charm-bag and sprinkled some herbs into the young Knight's cup of wine. His eyes grew heavy and his breath redolent of aphrodisiac flowers. 

He came to me in the night. Falling on his knees, he buried his full lips in my Cauldron. Muttering words of love as I traced sigils into his muscular back, I freed his giant cock from his undergarments. I began to lick and suck frantically at his straining pole as he let out a tremendous groan. "We cannot..." he begged, "You are to be the King's!" I answered that I did not care, I had to have him. 

He entered me with such force that I let out a shriek. Shushing me, he began to ride me like a Wild steed. I had waves and waves of spasms as I gripped him inside of my hot steaming twat that was weeping for his rock-hard penis. He sucked at my heaving breasts as he flipped me over to lie on top of him. Just as I adjusted to his rhythm, the door sprang open. "What is this!!??" thundered the King as he took in the erotic site of me riding the Knight. And just as quickly, his clothes were off and his cock was deep in the cavern of my mouth. I moaned in ecstasy as I had a quick orgasm from his thrusting. The two men filled me with their love muscles. 

I was crying out with pleasure as both men alternately took me from behind while I held onto the bedpost. With a shock, I realized that King Mark had drunk of the potion too! I was being pleasured by two incredibly skilled lovers. Tristan was suckling and making my large nipples hard as Mark quickly licked and sucked at my clitoris. The King held my nether lips apart as Tristan slowly inserted his Holy Grail into my cunt. 

The King was rubbing my Little God in circles and making me cry out, screaming as waves of passion hit me. The two men were so consumed with lust that they even took a turn at each other. I laughed as I saw how strong my Sex Magick had come, in so short a time. 

From that day forward, we lived as Man, Wife and Lover. Every day I was pleasured by one of the men making me climax into his mouth while I took turns sucking their engorged cocks before one plunged into my gaping hole and the other took my rectum. They were so besotted by me that petty jealousies began to erupt. Who is pleasing her more? Who does she prefer? I knew in my heart I was in love again...with Tristan. But the King was giving me the security of his name and the power of being a Queen. 

The fighting grew worse between them daily. Even my offers to make sure each got equal time fell on deaf ears. In fury, one day, Tristan lost his temper and challenged his Uncle to a Duel. In a fit of jealousy and rage, they both fell on each other's swords and instantly killed each other. The Gods looked down on my Hubris with dismay. Athena came to me in a Dream and told me I must pay for my mis-use of Magick, I must be punished for inadvertently killing a King and a Worthy Knight. I was banished to the Island of Lesbos, where Sappho lived. I was to serve her, learn the meaning of Love from her and do everything that was asked of me. It was like I was in Mother's and Grandmother's cottage again. I was surrounded by all women again...Just for wanting a little DICK! 

~xoxoxo~sexynursechef