 The Adventures of Maxx (TAM) are true stories that have happened to me. This story took place between my marriages.

My buddy, John, and I were working in Chicago, about an hour drive from home, and we often car pooled. John lived with his girlfriend Chris and we've all known each other since High School. John and Chris were very athletic but they really enjoyed to party as well. 

Chris was tall, almost 6 foot, with long legs and thin shapely body. Her chest was small at 34A but her nipples would stand out begging to be sucked. John was starting to put on a couple pounds but still had a good physic. He was 6 foot also and he had blonde hair. His arms and legs were much hairier than mine, but since he was blond it wasn't as obvious.

It was a warm summer evening and John and I just got to his place. During the drive home we got quite buzzed on beer and joints. Chris had dinner ready when we got there so we changed and sat down to eat. I enjoy watching Chris around the house since she never wore a bra under her tank tops and her mini-shorts were always a size or two to small. It was not until recently that I heard the term camel-toe, but she really enjoyed showing hers off back then.

Chris joined in on the after-dinner joint and we headed into the living room. John pulled out the Mario Brothers game and he and I sat on the floor. I had my back against the lazy-Boy but Chris hopped in it anyway and started reading her book. I watched John play and kept passing the joints around.

I could tell that Chris was getting more relaxed because it wasn't long before one of her long legs was draped over my shoulder so she could be more comfortable. I began rubbing her feet and calves. Her long thin toes turned me on so I was in heaven. Soon she lifted the other leg over and I was sitting between her legs rubbing them.

I had to get up a few times to grab more beers, but whenever I returned I happily resumed my place and Chris happily re-draped her legs over my shoulders. After about an hour of this I noticed, as I returned with another round of beers, that Chris' short had ridden up quite a bit and the thin material proudly outlined her pussy. I also took note of the very large wet spot developing in her shorts. Seeing that she was enjoying the massaging so much made my shorts tighter.

John finished his game and asked if we wanted to play cards. After a round of shots, beers and another joint they sat on the couch and I sat on a kitchen chair opposite them at the coffee table. John was shuffling and asked if we wanted to play strip-poker. Chris protested tat she had a disadvantage since she was only wearing her shorts and top. We quickly counted our articles of clothes. I had only three , shorts, top and underwear, but John also had on socks. John said he wouldn't count his socks and we gave here the first loss a freebee and she was happy with the compromise.

Unfortunately for Chris she quickly lost the first hand and her freebee. After each hand we did another round of shots. I lost the second hand and took off my shirt. As the shots were poured, I lit another joint. We passed it around as Chris dealt and, from my higher vantage point on the kitchen chair, I could look down her top as she dealt. Her nipples were quite hard by this time. 

John lost the next two hands and was now in his underwear and socks. I sat back down and began to shuffle the cards. Chris was hanging on John as they came back from the kitchen with another round of beers. They collapsed into the couch and I dealt. It was not easy keeping Chris alert for the game anymore, but I managed to lose the next hand. I dropped my shorts and poured the next shot aware that my underwear didn't hide the fact that I had a woody growing. Chris didn't even try to drink her shot she was too far gone.

It was here deal, but John dealt for her. She lost. She was nearly passed out on the couch next to John. John tried to get her to take off her top, but she wasn't able too. He grabbed the bottom of her shirt and lifted it up and over her head. She just slumped into the couch. We enjoyed the view of her topless as we sucked down the next shot.

John dealt the next hand and I lost. Even though Chris wasn't very with it, I removed my underwear and my now fully erect cock sprung into view. John was struggling to pour the shots, but we managed to get the shots down anyway. I dealt and Chris lost again. 

If you were a fly on the wall watching this you would have laughed your ass off at our next move. Chris was now asleep and John was determined to get her shorts off. He was trying to lift her and remove the shorts at the same time. I was enjoying watching and then he enlisted my help. He put her arms around his neck and lifted her up off the couch while I slide her shorts down to her knees. Then they fell back into the couch and I removed them the rest of the way.

They were now nearly lying on the couch and even though he won, John had fallen asleep. Chris slept on as I returned to my chair. Her shorts were soaked with her pussy juices and I sniffed in the sweet smell as I watched her lying there naked. My cock was aching for release, but I was also slipping into unconsciousness. 

I made my way to the floor and, naked and holding her shorts, I fell asleep. 

"Dream ... What a great dream I am having ... mmm ... that feels good on my cock ...?!?"

I opened my eyes to find Chris sucking my rock hard cock. She was still naked and her ass was near my shoulders. As she continued blowing me, I reached over and pulled her ass towards me. She straddled my face and I began sliding my tongue around her pussy lips. I quickly zeroed in on her clit. I paused only a moment to moan that I was about to cum. She sucked my cock all the way in as I unloaded my nuts. Load after load shot down her throat as sucked on her protruding clit. 

She sucked my cock clean and let it slid from her mouth. I rolled her over onto her back and looked at the couch. John was still passed out, so I went back to work on her sweet pussy. Her juices were flowing as my tongue danced on her clit and my lips sucked her into my eager mouth. Her thighs clamped around my head as she moved closer to orgasm and I could feel her body as it tensed.

My ass was up in the air and I was stroking my cock to get it hard again but concentrating on bringing Chris to orgasm. Chris' orgasm hit and she tightened her athletic thighs so tight that I thought my jaw would break, but I continued to lap up every bit of love juice that oozed from her pussy lips.

My cock was now hard again and I slide up her tight body. She wrapped her thighs around my waist as I plunged into the velvetiness of her cream soaked pussy. I pumped wildly into her and she bucked back against me. She bit into my shoulder to muffle her groan as she reached her orgasm. I felt the warm gush flood her cavity and spill out. I sunk deep into her and let pulse after pulse of my jism shoot into her.

I rolled off of her and Chris woke John and took him to the bedroom. I could hear the bed springs as my cock rose again. I started to stroke me cock. 

I could hear Chris having another orgasm, and grabbed her shorts from the floor. I sniffed away at her shorts as I listened to them. I closed my eyes and came again. I could hear the shower going and when I looked up I saw Chris standing in the doorway smiling. 

"Are you having a good time?" She asked.

"Yes, thank you," I replied.

I smiled and she headed to the shower to join John.