 I had spent a few years with Sappho and her ladies and it was time to move on. I was presented with papers stating I had been schooled in the Arts, Music, and Poetry and excelled in the Worship of Eros and Aphrodite. I was humbled and awed by the women's loving ways. I was truly ready to use my Magick to serve, and heal. I set upon the road with my small satchel and some food and drink. Sappho waved good-bye and wished me Merry Meet, and Merry Part and Merry Meet Again. 

I travelled for days, partaking of the bubbling brooks and laughing at the sprites and naiads. I played in the water with them and chatted with the Druids. I was always so happy in the forest, a true Wild Child. I washed myself and was reclining like a Queen on a rock in the sun when I heard the most beautiful melody. 

It was hypnotic...and soothing...but seductive. The trills and hauntingly lovely chords began to penetrate my soul. My limbs were vibrating with the harmony of Magick. I felt the pull of Gaia and all the animals around me were kneeling and sitting down. I raised my arms to Apollo as he drove his Chariot across the bright blue Sky. I began to weave and move sensually to an Ancient Dance that was consuming every cell. I opened my eyes and the most beautiful young man was standing in front of me strumming a Lyre that glowed with power. He extended a hand to me and led me onto the soft love-grass under the largest Tree which whispered and chanted strange words I didn't understand. 

"I am Orpheus", he spoke softly, "I couldn't help but be mesmerized by your beauty and your spirit. It glows. Be with me, be my Lover, be my Muse. Live with me and make your Magick with me. I shall sing the whole day and ye shall heal the sick"

I looked down and I was naked...and his long fingers were caressing my breasts that were hardening under the touch of his talented fingers. He dipped his head and was softly suckling at my breasts, going from one engorging nipple to the other. He dropped to his knees and spread my trembling knees to plunge his long and wet tongue inside of my Yoni, I moaned and wound my hands into his long, chestnut curly hair. It had been a LONG time since I had had a man, especially a lover as ardent as he. He began pulling at his manhood under his short tunic and his shaft became red and hard as he was slurping and licking my clitoris. "Ahhhh, my love," he moaned, "The taste of your cunnie is exquisite, your flesh, your love-juice, it flows into my mouth and I praise your womanhood to the stars. Yes, my Love, let me feel your spendings, let me love you with the mouth that sings the Glory of the Gods"

I was spasming and spasming, orgasms were ripping out of me as the birds sang a sweet song. I fell to my knees and buried his hot throbbing cock in my mouth, sucking hungrily at his rod. With a cry, he fell on me, driving my thighs apart and burying his shaft deep inside me. He was so large that I cried out at first, for I had not had a man in some time. But almost immediately, the pain was replaced with waves of pleasure as I clawed at this back as he rode me. We climaxed together, our cries of passion underscored by the gentle lowing of the beasts that gathered around us in contentment. I slept in his arms that night, and for many nights beyond that. 

Orpheus and I lived in a small cottage in the forest. He was also a healer and we made many potions, poulices and elixers for the town-folk. Soon, the young men and women came to see me, wanting to be friends and confide their problems and talk of things that they could not to their parents. One young woman came to me and confessed her love for a young man but feared conception. I advised her to place a copper coin against her cervix to prevent it. Another was betrothed and a virgin. Orpheus and I took her to bed to show her the ways of love. 

I kissed her on her mouth and massaged her shoulders as Orpheus sang to her in his Magickal voice. The energy rose in the room as I caressed her breasts and took one in my mouth as Orpheus knelt down between her supple thighs and kissed her delicate cunny that had never been touched by man nor woman. She sighed as I laved her tiny pink nipples with hot tongue and lips and murmured Magick erotic words in her ear, for her to remember for her wedding night. Orpheus's curly copper mane was flowing over her inner thighs as he lapped at her cunt and rubbed her G spot expertly. He withdrew his long and curly tongue and continued to work his finger inside her tight opening as I took over and flicked my tongue over her clitoris while simultaneously massaging her tiny breasts. She was gasping and thrusting her loins into Orpheus's hand, begging for more. 

Orpheus mounted her and gently slid his giant Flute into her untouched love canal. He worked his strong hips in circles and caused her to cry out in wonder. She put her hands on my swinging breasts as I rubbed her Little God in circle as Morpheus increased his speed until she spasmed all over him. He pulled his cock out and thrust it into my mouth and I eagerly swallowed his load. She was panting with exhilaration and her cheeks were pink. We sent her on her way with a little fake packet of blood so as to fool her groom, but also a love charm for fidelity. She couldn't thank us enough. 

Word got out in the village of our Sexual healing skills. Older men came to me for potions to revive them, young ones came to learn how to seduce women. One young man came to me in the night, awakening me from a deep sleep. He was cloaked in darkness but begged for a taste of my Sex Magick. I readily agreed. With Orpheus sleeping peacefully beside me, my pussy began to glow pink as I opened my Root Chakra and began to chant. 

Eros kissed me passionately. He kissed and licked every inch of my glowing white body and took my breasts in his hands. The feel of his tender lips and tongue on my nipples set my body on fire. He was kissing my neck and trailing his full sensual lips down my spine, He buried his tongue in my anus and was giving me orgasms in my secret place while rubbing my clitoris. He alternated between moving his tongue in circles on my clit to gently sucking my whole vagina in his mouth. He quickly inserted his rock-hard glowing cock into my cunt and I was cumming in waves. Morpheus startled awake and was aroused at the sight of his love-mate spasming and glowing with Lust. Eros intertwined his fingers with mine and I passed him the gift of seduction and Love Magick. I gave him one of Orpheus's arrows and blessed it with Red Magick and sent him on his way. 

After that, things were never the same between Orpheus and I. I divined with my cards that he would betray me. Surely enough, he attended a wedding without me and met Eurydice, his soulmate. He married her and left our cottage, with me weeping on my knees. I wanted to seek revenge but I knew that I could not. I decided to turn my pain into healing for the community. I called Dionysus and Merrily he came, dancing, laughing, and pouring wine. Soon, the villagers responded to the Lust spell I put out into the air. They began kissing and touching each other, playfully caressing, clothing and inhibitions released. I was in a sea of writhing bodies. Cries of pleasure poured from my lips as the grateful men and women I had helped did everything they could to bring me to Ecstasy. This chapter of my life had ended. 

~sexynursechef~