 Isolde becomes a Holy Vessel for the Goddess

I became a High Priestess of Astarte's temple. Astarte was the Mother Goddess of Heaven, a Goddess of Fertility and Sacred Sex. Sacrifices were made to her every year in the Summer-time, to ensure that the River Nile flowed and fertilized the crops that the farmers planted. Ramses was determined to be the greatest Pharoah the land had ever known, despite the battle of the Hittites ending in an agreement and trade relations suffering. 

I was hierdole, a high priestess who participated in hieros gamos, the sacred marriage between the Pharoah and the Goddess. I was to serve as the vessel between the Living God and the Goddess. Offerings of food and wine surrounded the giant statue of Astarte, crowned with Bulls-horns with doves in her outstretched arms. I was honored to serve as a conduit to the Divine. I felt my Sexual powers developing every day and now I would bring great wealth and fertility to Egypt. 

It was time for Ritual. The men gathered in the Temple to leave their coins for my service. They wanted to experience the essence of the Goddess, to be one with Her. Being inside of my body while I embodied the Goddess would bring them sex-magick so they could bear children with their barren wives. They stood excited at the sight of me and my glowing punani. The scent of the Earth and pots of frankincense incense was heavy in the air. I stood, swathed in veils with papyrus reeds woven into my hair. I was rubbed sensually with coriander as an aphrodisiac to entice the men to lay with me. I was excited.

Ramses stepped into the temple, his arrogant countenance smirking at me. I had caught many of his lascivious looks even inside his Harem where he would often take a few concubines at a time. Nefertiti waited impatiently in her chambers for her husband to infuse his royal seed in me and receive Astarte's power in his loins. The musicians began to play their harps and flutes. A gentle percussionist tapped a sensual beat. Smoke swirled around me as I raised my arms to Heaven and began to chant.

"I am the One who is the beauty of the Earth, the green of growing things. I am the white Moon, whose light is full and bright among the stars, soft upon the Earth. From Me all things are born, to Me all things, in their season, return. Let My joyous worship be in your hearts, for all acts of love and pleasures are My rituals. You see Me in the love of man and woman, the love of parent and child, the love of humans to all My creations. When you create with your hands, I am there. I blow the breath of life into the seeds you plant, whether of plant or child. Always I stand beside you, whispering soft words of wisdom and guidance.

All seekers of the Mysteries must come to Me, for I am the True Source, the Keeper of the Cauldron. All who seek to know Me, know this. All your seeking and yearning will avail you nothing unless you know the Mystery: for if what you seek you find not within, you will never find without. For behold, I have been with you from the beginning, and I will gather you to My breast at the end of your earthly existence."

I felt the Energy start in my luscious breasts and tingle in my cunnie as the Goddess entered my body. Flashes of past lives flittered in my eyes as they opened wide. The serpent at the base of my spine uncurled and my Kundalini energy flowed as my root chakra opened. I was the Goddess...the Divine Feminine. I began to sway in an ancient rhythm. 

Undulating with delicate waving motions of my slender arms, I began to remove my veils slowly, one at a time. The men crowded close as Ramses with a triumphant smile began to stroke his large brown cock through his tunic. His eyes glittered with lust. I boldly stared into his hypnotic black eyes as I removed the final veil and began to stroke my own body with my fingers. The man began to gasp as I dipped my fingers into my vagina and painted my white proud upstanding breasts with my juices. 

The men began pulling at their cocks, breathing heavily and sweating. Their eyes locked on me as I finished my erotic dance and lay upon the satin couch swathed with the finest cottons with designs of the Sphinx upon them. I boldly looked each man in the eye as the Goddess Energy surged through me. I began to rub my yoni, opening the lips which were swelling with power and Magick. Rubbing my clitoris, I threw my head back and began to moan and breathe heavily. 

Ramses was completely naked. He was the Embodiment of Ra, the Sun God as Rays of Light shot from his phallus. He spoke in his deep and resonant voice.

"I am the radiant King of the Heavens,
flooding the Earth with warmth and encouraging the hidden
seed of creation to burst forth into manifestation.
-
I lift my shining spear to light the lives of all beings
and daily pour forth my golden rays upon the Earth,
putting to flight the powers of darkness. 
-
I am the spirit of all beasts wild and free.
I run with the stag and soar as a sacred falcon against
the shimmering sky.
-
The ancient woods and wild places emanate my powers,
the birds of the air sing of my sanctity. 
-
I am the harvest, offering up grain and fruits beneath
the sickle of time so that all may be nourished.
For without planting there can be no harvest;
without winter there can be no spring. 
-
I am the thousand named Son of creation.
Know that by all names I am the same.
-
The spirit of the horned stag in the wild, the endless harvest.
See in the yearly cycle of festivals my birth, death and
rebirth and know that such is the destiny of all creation.. 
-
I am the spark of life, the radiant Sun, the giver of peace and rest.
I send my rays of blessings to warm the hearts and strengthen the minds of all."

The men surged forward with their penises out, bobbing and swaying and filling the room with testosterone. Swarthy men with eyes glassy with lust were stroking their phallus and moaning loudly, unable to take their eyes from my glowing and magickal sex. I opened my arms to Ramses and he fell upon the altar of my body. The smell of musk and coriander permeated the temple as Ramses took his huge Pyramid and penetrated me. "Ohhhhhh," I exhaled, as the first orgasm overtake me. The men were becoming more excited.

I felt the God-Head of his enormous penis hit the walls of my womb which were quivering with Kundalini. The Goddess spoke through my lips, "Pour out thy Seed into my Cauldron. Here are the Waters of Everlasting Life. Thy shall be as a God on Earth and thy children shall rule the Fertile Crescent. Worship of me and thee shall live forever in the Mind and Hearts of Men."

Ramses roughly grabbed my breasts and suckled my hard nipples into his mouth. Grabbing me by the hair, he thrust into me hard. His ass muscles were contorting madly as I matched him in thrusts and bent his face to mine in a kiss. 

With a roar, he climaxed in my spasming cunt. "Thank you, Goddess," he gasped, as he withdrew his still erect dick.

With a regal nod, we motioned to the first man in line. He was a builder of the Pyramids and eagerly scooted between my thighs to drink of the Pharoah's essence. I came on his eager lapping tongue and face. He raised my legs in the air and gently put his throbbing Lingam into my vagina. Ramses' spendings splashed onto his penis but he was impassioned and didn't notice. He released his sperm as I rode another orgasmic wave. Man after man came to me and fucked me. Several put their throbbing members into my Mouth. 

I was beginning to tire. Twenty men had lain with me and night was drawing near. Several had become so excited that they had masturbated their life-force onto my quivering and naked body. I stretched languidly as yet another man entered my blessed pussy. With a final thrust, he came and thanked me for giving his man-juice potency. All the men including Ramses bowed to me and left offerings to me. They exited the Temple and I was alone with the glowing statue of Astarte. 

I walked outside with cum streaming from every orifice. I gazed at the stars and the moon. I raised my arms to the Lord and Lady and released all the semen into the Earth, to fertilize the ground. The Magick flowed from my vagina and my hands as I said a silent prayer of thanks to the Mother for using me as her Holy Vessel. The Earth drank of the lust of the men as I sank to my knees exhausted and fell into a deep sleep under the Silver eyes of Selene. 

~sexynursechef~