 Neither noticed the professor entering the room. He had in fact been watching the unfolding saga from the door, not wanting to interrupt what was an incredibly erotic scene.

At some point, he found the evolution between the two women to be beyond the point of no return. Till then either of them could have reacted in shock at his appearance. He bided his time, drinking in the fabulous sight for as long as he could. On the on part was his sexy wife of many years, putting on a fantastic show of lovingness. 

On the other part was this incredibly sexy young student from his department. He had lusted after for a while. Her clothes, her demeanor attracted him and the casual manner in which she leaned against him was not lost on him. He had taken to fantasizing about her and felt guilty at times, noting that his own daughter might not be too much older or different from Sheela.

And on at least one occasion he had fucked Nalini fantasizing about Sheela. Watching the research student peeling off her clothes had therefore proved an incredible turn on. The sculpted body was exciting. There was a time Nalini was similarly toned. But back then the professor was less aware sexually of the attractions of his wife.

When the two women buried their faces in each other's crotches he knew he had his chance. From where he was, he could see Sheela lying atop Nalini, her butt in the air, spread out. His wife was gobbling with large slurping sounds at the pussy and the young one, in an attempt to get as much of 'madam' into her, had spread herself as wide as she could. 

He had dropped his trousers and moved close to where the women were. 

Nalini noticed the naked man approaching from the corner of her eye and her initial reaction was to push away Sheela and get up. But then she saw it was her husband the professor. She immediately realized that if he was without clothes he knew exactly what was happening between her and his student and that he was not upset or startled.

She reached out and grasped his cock ever so gently. She let her head hang back from the edge of the bed and brought him to her lips.

Sheela gasped at the lack of attention but her face was still buried. Giving 'madam' pleasure gave her as much joy as her own pleasure. She loved the professor's wife so much.

As Nalini made an 'o' to catch the professor's cock in her mouth, it brushed past her lips as the professor directly mounted his student, prone as she was, with her ass jutting upward.

The pillar of his cock slid along his wife's lips ending with his balls at her lips.

The student screamed at the invasion in shock. She tried to get up but found that Nalini instantly crossed a leg over her back to hold her in place. Nalini was helping her husband fuck the student. The professor placed his hand on the small of Sheela's back and thrust hard, penetrating her as he intended to.

"Madam, there is a man here," came the started muffled voice of the student.

"It is only sir!" explained Nalini. Her lips became busy with the union of cock and cunt. She pleasured her husband by lipping his cock; she pleasured Sheela by tonguing her clit as before.

The girl gave up herself to the wild pleasure. She clung to Nalini's thigh, kissing the flesh hard and burying her face in the thigh. Her fingers sought and intertwined with Nalini's toes. She wound herself against the woman under her.

The professor held her hips and fucked hard. Sheela had not much experience with fucking. Her boyfriend had hardly given her the kind of pleasure she was getting here. She needed 'madam's' lips, and 'sir's' cock and she was getting both. 

The professor, while considered a fuddy-duddy was endowed and experienced enough for the girl to be surprised. His cock reamed her fully and she felt prised open and stroked deeply. With her prone and face down; his cock touched her in places that gave her amazing pleasure. And her cunt was sealed with the loving lips of madam under her.

She gave herself in, fully to the pleasure of what the older couple was doing to her.

The manipulation his cock and the sheer excitement of his fantasy coming true caused the professor to nearly come. But Nalini sensed her husband's impending crisis. She pushed him away and instantly caught his cock in a strong grip to subdue his arousal.

Sheela sobbed in desperation when the fucking stopped and she looked back to see what had happened. 

She rolled off 'madam' and lay on the bed with her legs spread and knees up. She signaled to the professor to mount her, calling him to her, yearning, pleading.

But Nalini would have none of it. She faced her husband and holding his cock, whispered to him, "This belongs to me. You cum in me. No one else," she hissed.

She turned to the girl on the bed.

"Your release is with me," she said. Heartlessly, she thrust her fingers into the cunt and fucked the girl mercilessly, attaching her lips to the cunt and sucking and licking ferociously.

The girl wept in pleasure and despair as she was denied the professor. The professor moved up to kiss Sheela and stroked her breasts to console her. 

Thinking that Nalini would not spot her as fer face was buried Sheela reached for the professor's cock. She stroked him. She formed on 'o' with her mouth leaving him in no doubt as to what she wanted to do.

The professor hoisted himself up and brought his cock to her face. He held her head as the young woman fed herself on his cock. The professor groaned and threw his head back in pleasure as the warm and wetness of her mouth combined with her tongue to milk him. 

She may have seemed young and therefore a novice, but when it came to mouthing she seemed to know it all. She preferred to make her boyfriend cum by mouthing him than by letting him fuck her. It pleased him. She felt more secure from becoming pregnant.

Her boyfriend had taught her where he got his pleasure. Eager to please her professor Sheela held the pillar of the cock in her hand and a tight 'o' worked the head, finding the professor's particular pleasure-spot. The professor gasped at the deftness. He held her head and he fucked in short jabs. She suddenly took him all the way through to her throat.

And yet, she was nowhere near as skillful as Nalini but the excitement of who it was made it up for the professor and he was ready to cum. He could feel his release rising and he groaned and gasped. IT caught Nalini's attention. She looked up and found her husband covering the students face. She did not to explicitly see anything to know what was happening.

Clearly, she was not doing enough to engross the student. She found the cucumber they had used before as a dildo. Without the gentleness and care with of the first time, she rammed the thick trunk into Sheela's glistening, wet and open cunt. 

Sheela was shocked by the brutal thrust and twisted and screamed onto the cock in her mouth. Her hands pumped him furiously. He felt he might cum. Knowing that his wife had asked for him to wait for her, the professor pulled back leaving the girl again, gasping for more. She tried to hold on to his cock and pump him to a finish. But the professor pressed down on his head and subdued his cock again. 

Nalini clung to Sheela and it was very much a rodeo. The young girl clung to the professor, grasping his buttocks pulling him to her and unsuccessfully trying to get the cock back into her mouth.

The professor had one hand covering his cock, preserving himself for his wife and with the other gripping, caressing and fondling the girl.

The trio clung to each other, shaking, trembling and thrashing. Husband and wife, in reality wanted only each other. Every one else seemed a sexual tool now. It was slowly becoming apparent to Sunil, too, that he was but a catalyst in what was actually an unfolding drama between Nalini and the professor.

For the moment, though, the couple focused on the young woman pinioned between the wife - whose face and hands were at work between the student's legs - and the husband whose torso was in the grip of the sobbing student.

She was sobbing in pleasure and begging as it were, for the professor to give in to her. She wanted him. She had worshiped him for much of her research stint, dressing only to seduce the man. Now, here he was, within her grasp but holding himself back.

She could have taken him instead of that marauding cucumber that 'madam' was ramming in and out of her. She could have made him cum by making love with her lips and mouth. She instinctively knew how to, for he was her 'dream' man. She was looking at him beseechingly, even as her body gave in to the work of the professor's wife.

Holding him, Sheela came in torrents into the face and hands of the expert manipulator Nalini.

Nalini laughed in triumph as she watched the girl cling on to the professor and give up on finding his cock. She admired her husband for holding himself back from the girl. 

Sheela bucked and thrashed and finished, drained as a slumped mass of flesh, subdued by the relentless actions of the 'madam'; through the slits of the eyes she watched as 'madam' watched her slow down. Nalini was streaked with her juices and with her hair flowing down and tousled looked more like a wanton temptress than a professor's wife.

She looked toward the professor and watched his cock bobbing, hard as ever, awaiting its release. 

She could barely move from the exhaustion she felt from the violent cumming. She wondered what it would take of her to actually conquer these two beautiful people. She wanted them both so much.

Nalini called her husband to her. The professor had shown himself to be worthy of the best of her attention. Such a beautiful attractive student and he still held out for her. Hair, face, lips and chin streaked with the fluids of the girl, she moved towards him. Some more fluids would do her no harm. She opened her mouth wide and closed it on the rock hard cock of the oh-so-patient man.

Sheela watched hungrily as the shaft disappeared into 'madam's' mouth. Even though she was unable to move from her exertions on release she felt hunger in the pit of her stomach. She could not however, separate her hunger for the man who she so admired from the desire for the luscious woman below that man. 

As Nalini shimmied into a position her breasts, spread out flat on her chest and Sheela reached out lazily to caress those large nipples. And as she did so she found that Nalini's face and the professor's now-all-too-willing cock was within reach, too.

She caressed Nalini and stroked the cock as it slid in and out of those lips that had only just been sucking on her.

Nalini felt her husband swell and pushed him away. He had to cum inside her. He liked that. She wanted him to have that pleasure of a full release deep into her. She wanted to show Sheela and Sunil how she took him, how he belonged and how she fucked him like she would let no other fuck him. He was, after all, her husband of many years.

The professor positioned himself to mount his wife. But the grateful Nalini had different plans. She pulled him down and had him lay back, his cock ramrod straight in the air. Taking his hands to her breasts she climbed atop and shivered as he slid up her, filling her. She marveled at how her cunt felt full at his average sized cock compared to the impossible wide stretching and fucking the wrestler had rendered her. 

He held her breasts in both his hands, holding her up, teasing and working her nipples. She bounced on him, fulfilling his permanent fantasy of his wife riding him to a finish.

Her eyes were radiant with pleasure as she felt the release of pent up desires. Sheela watched in wonderment at this woman nearly twice or more her age, moving with the agility of that she herself would have been happy to emulate.

She also looked in envy, the professor was fucking upward, and holding on to his erection and giving his wife every bit of the pleasure she clearly wanted.

Finally, willing herself to move, Sheela moved to kiss the professor. It was the first time that she kissed him on his lips, even though in her dorm fantasies everything started with the kiss in the hallway. Here, in real life, it was quite the other way round, the kiss came after her mouth and her pussy had been taken in every way. In the process she passed on his wife's juices and he possibly tasted a bit of his own self on her lips.

Then she proceeded to kiss him on his chest and rapidly moved down to where she found the union of the two, where Nalini's cunt was slapping on his belly and juices were flowing freely. She kissed and sucked as best as she could but without interfering. She tasted them both. She wanted more. But Nalini's hands were trying their best to push her away. When Nalini rose, Sheela inserted her hand around the cock. It reduced the extent of Nalini's descent onto the professor's cock.

In desperation, Nalini reached for the girl and lifted her up. She held her close, kissing her deeply and resumed her bouncing on her husband. The sight of the two women kissing, fondling and the excitement of the catch in his hands - one on his wife's large breast and the other on the student's hard breast - drove him higher and higher, till he exploded up into her.

She felt the surge and she heard him bellow. She left Sheela and concentrated on her husband. Sheela clung on to Nalini best as she could. Nalini concentrated on milking the spurting cock and taking her own pleasure. Timing it to perfect she thrust down on the cock between spurts. It had the effect of maximizing the professor's pleasure and each shot was hard and deep up, into her, where she liked it to slather and spread deep inside her.

She laughed her own pleasure at his cumming - it seemed to enhance her own pleasure. She fucked down, again and again and again.

The professor softened faster than he normally might have leaving Nalini short of her full pleasure. She smeared herself on his rapidly dwindling crotch rubbing herself hard and fast on him. She quivered and shuddered as her pussy responded with tremors that gave her some of the pleasure she needed.

As she collapsed on top of her husband she kissed him deeply, leaving Sheela in no doubt that, even though stripped of all her clothing, smeared with their juices and watching the professor and the 'madam' completely nude in her presence, she was an outsider.

Man and wife, woman and husband clung to each other. They shivered, shuddered, trembled caressed and spent every little bit of juice that they had for each other.

Sheela sat and watched, the rank outsider. Spent as she had been, drained as she was, she felt a hungry vacuum between her legs. That spurting cock should have spurted in her, she felt. She wanted that man. The aching hunger between her legs belied the fuck-fest that had just gone by.

But the professor and his wife had eyes for no one. Not for the nude girl sitting like a Japanese tea drinker next to them. And Nalini had long forgotten the wide-eyed and desperate Sunil far away.

They drank and consumed each other as both Sunil and Sheela plotted their own next steps to pursue their own independent needs.