 My wife, Jana and I have been together for almost 20 years, and been married for 10. She is very petite, weighing barely a hundred pounds and has a tight sexy body and perky boobs with perfect nipples. Her skin is soft and she has a gorgeous shaved pussy. Our sex life has always been pretty good with the normal peaks and valleys of any relationship. Lately though my wife has had an almost insatiable appetite. On several occasions we've had sex at night and again the following morning. And I'm not talking about ho-hum sex, I'm talking about marathon multi-position sweaty sheets sex. There has also been a passion and closeness that I can't remember us having.

One night in bed, Jana mentioned that she had bumped into Eric that day. She and Eric had grown up in the same neighborhood, he is now a cop. He is very handsome, tall and strong with light brown hair and "all-American boy" good looks. Jana let it slip that one time they fooled around when they were teenagers. This really turned me on and I asked her to tell me more. She gave me some details about playing with his cock. One thing led to another and I told her how much it would turn me on to watch him play with his cock now. This surprised her but at the same time, I could tell it also turned her on. She's always had a thing for him.

Over the next several weeks, she would occasionally mumble in her sleep about how hard and beautiful his cock was and I knew she was talking about Eric. I encouraged her to tell me about it, not knowing if she was completely asleep or not. She would tell me how she was holding it with both hands and how beautiful and hard it was, that he had "tight balls" and a sexy ass. She would grind against the pillow between her legs and moan. I can only imagine what was really going through her mind. It made me so horny listening to her talk about licking his cock or rubbing her clit on it as she slid up and down on his thick shaft.

A few nights later, we were downtown for dinner and ran into Eric who was just coming of his shift. We asked him if he could join us. He said "sure" but had to go to the station and change. I think Jana was mildly disappointed to hear that; I think the uniform turns her on a bit...

A short while later he returned and the three of us had a good meal together and a couple of drinks. We all felt like old friends and I told Eric we had just bought a new house with a hot tub and asked if he wanted to see it. Jana looked at me and squinted her eyes with a "I know what you're up to" expression but she didn't object.

When we arrived at our house we opened another bottle of wine and chatted some more. Jana was loosening up and kissed me on the neck a few times and ran her hand up the inside of my leg. Eric noticed and smiled. Jana then excused herself and when she came back, she was wearing a bikini and said, "I'm getting in the hot tub, you boys want to join me?" Eric looked at me nervously (I've known he also thought my wife was hot). He said something about not having a swimsuit. Jana laughed and stepped onto the deck.

Eric asked me if this was cool. I laughed and said, "you have no idea".

So we went outside into the cool evening air and stripped down in the fading light of the evening and slipped into the hot tub next to Jana. I saw her sneak a glance at Eric's body as he got in. He obviously works out and is in great shape. We chatted some more and laughed, drank some more wine. Jana leaned over and kissed me. On several occasions I could see that she "accidentally" brushed up against Eric's leg. After a quiet pause, she whispered something in his ear as she let her bikini top drop - he looked embarrassed. After a few minutes, Eric said he was cooking and sat on the edge of the tub and, with his feet still in the water, leaned back slightly spreading his legs. This fully exposed his half-hard cock as it rested on his upper thigh. His balls were hanging low from the heat. Jana couldn't take her eyes off of him, and to be honest, neither could I. He must have known he was in for more than a soak. I wonder what Jana had said to him. 

I nudged her over to him, giving her my blessing. She ran her hands up his calves and he jumped at the first touch but didn't look down. As Jana moved her way up his thighs her breasts rubbed on his legs. As her hands reached his cock it was now almost completely hard. Beautiful and thick and bigger than mine, I felt a twinge of envy. My wife looked over at me. I was now on the edge of the tub as well, my hard cock in my hand. She smiled and went back to Eric's cock. She worked her hands around its girth and moved slowly up and down the shaft. Eric gave out a soft moan as she gently put the head of his cock against her lips.

I moved behind her and put my fingers on her pussy to find it soaking wet. I rubbed her clit and she moaned loudly. She sped up the pace of stroking his cock as I kept massaging her clit. I rubbed my cock against her ass as I kept massaging her clit until he had a shaking orgasm. She squeezed the base of Eric's cock tightly as she came.

I suggested we go inside as the heat was getting to be too much.

We dried off and collapsed onto the bed. Eric on one side, Jana next to him and me behind her. Eric rolled her onto her back and sucked one of her perfect nipples. I sucked on the other. This drove her wild and she moaned and arched her back. I reached down to rub her pussy to find Eric's hand already there. He obviously knew what he was doing. My wife was on fire. My cock was so hard it hurt. I kissed her neck as she had her second orgasm of the night grinding into Eric's hand. She then kissed Eric softly on the lips as if to thank him. I decided it was time taste her sweet pussy so I moved down to find her dripping wet. I lapped up her sweet juices and ran my lower lip over her clit. She bucked and moaned. I looked up to see her stroking Eric's rock-hard cock and trying to get the head into her mouth. I went back to concentrating on my wife's beautiful pussy, sucking on the lips, rolling her clit around my tongue.

Eventually, I could take it no longer and sat up and pulled her hips to me as I slid my cock into her soaking wet pussy. She moaned as I started a slow rhythmic pumping, my cock was so hard, I felt bigger than I'd ever been. Jana was in another world, her eyes rolled back in her head as she bit her lower lip, all the while she kept stroking and sucking Eric's engorged cock. The sight was more than I could take. I had to take a break and pulled out. Eric took the cue and positioned himself between her legs. I watched as he pressed the swollen head of his cock against her wet lips. He slid just the head of his cock past her swollen lips and she gasped. I could tell the extra girth surprised her and turned her on. He slowly slid all the way inside as she pushed against his hard stomach to slow him down. Once he had buried his cock in her hot pussy, he paused. She shuddered and bucked slightly. He started slowly plunging his cock in and out of her and she moaned in ecstasy. I reached down to rub her clit as her hand found my cock. She cried as I rubbed her swollen clit. Eric's pelvis banged into my hand as I rubbed her clit and she gave out a moan that was probably heard three houses away. She soon had another ground-shaking orgasm. Eric pulled out and laid on his back as Jana got on her hands and knees between his legs. His cock and balls were glistening with her juices. She slowly started stroking his cock with one hand while taking the head of his cock in her mouth. I moved behind her and eased my cock into her pussy. She squeezed her muscles around my cock as I increased the speed and force of my strokes - I was in heaven. Occasionally she took a break from Eric's cock to look between her legs to watch my cock pound into her.

I rubbed my thumb of my right had against her tight ass, it was wet everywhere and it easily slipped in. She moaned as I worked my thumb into her ass and continued to thrust. Eric was enjoying my wife's mouth around the head of his thick cock and her hands as they explored the soft area between his balls and ass. He looked at me with a look that was a mix of disbelief and pure ecstasy. I smiled back, yeah, she's fucking awesome!

Not wanting to cum yet, I pulled out tried to catch my breath. Jana moved up and straddled Eric, positioning her swollen pussy above his beautiful cock. His hands grabbed her tits and I watched as she reached between her legs, grabbed his cock and rubbed it forward and back on her pussy lips then lowered herself onto its thick shaft. At the moment when he was completely inside her, she let out another moan and looked back at me with a look similar to the one Eric gave me -- that of disbelief and ecstasy. All I could do is stroke my cock as I watched my wife and her friend in complete ecstasy. They were in perfect rhythm, his upward thrusts met her as she lowered herself onto him. Her juices dripped down his cock coating his balls. She soon cried and buried her face in his chest as another orgasm surged through her. I've never seen her ass quiver like that before.

Just then Eric pulled out and pressed his shaft hard against her ass and shot several huge streams of cum that coated her back from her neck to her ass. This sight was too much for me and I let my own load go and it too covered her ass. I've never cum so much or so hard.

Jana rolled off of him and the three of us collapsed on the bed, panting. All completely satisfied. 

Some time passed and we each got up and showered. Eric left after giving my wife a passionate kiss and me that same smile of disbelief.