 Tales of Hedonism: New Year's Trip 2017 

Part 3

A special thanks to Literotica author imstillfun, whose works inspired me to finish this tale at long last. Note that this story includes scenes of intense cuckolding and male on male play, so if that's not your cup of tea, be ready to have your boundaries pushed or bow out now.

The players

Mona and Jim (A Friendly Game) -- Newly married early 30s swingers from Atlanta. They fully embrace the Lifestyle and love to introduce new couples to the experience.

Heather and Christian (TOH: Heather & Chris) -- Early 40's very vanilla married couple here only because of their good friend's wedding invitation. Unsure if they will even venture to the nude side of the resort.

Judy and Paul (TOH: Judy & Paul) -- Late 50s couple celebrating their 35th wedding anniversary. Excited to explore exhibitionism but unsure about any type of swinging.

Kathy and Mark (TOH: Kathy) -- Late 30's married couple with a strong Cuckold fetish they have recently begun to explore.

Ken, Samantha and Desi (TOH: Ken Gets Lucky) -- Ken is 52, newly divorced, and on an incredible run of luck that has found him coming to Hedo with two hot girls in their early 20s

Tracy and Scott (TOH: Tracy and Scott) -- Late 30's married couple looking to explore swinging for the first time after Tracy revealed her wild side to Scott at a summer pool party.

Vin and Ann (TOH: Vin and Ann) -- Vin, mid 40's, is the dominate master of Ann, late 20's, on their final test of her submission to his every whim.

 

New Year's Eve: Sunrise

Kathy slowly opened her eyes as she awoke. Slowly, because the dried cum across her face stuck her lids and lashes together. Her husband, Mark, lay next to her, his cock still in its prison. There was no sign of the 5 college frat boys who had filled her holes for... two hours? Three? While her husband watched last night.

It had taken her nearly four days to find a group of guys who were up to the task of fucking her like a complete slut in front of her husband. It turned out that, for the most part at Hedonism, women were treated as goddesses, and couples tended to play only when both sides could have some fun. Thankfully, the frat brothers had come down to Hedo for New Years Eve not knowing that either, and so it had been a good fit.

And god had they been. All in their early 20s, all gym rats, and three of them blessed with cocks both long and thick. She'd first seen them all sitting around the edge of the hot tube two nights ago, but hadn't approached them then. She watched, realized they weren't hooking up with anyone, and then found them at dinner the night before, sitting at their table with Mark standing dutifully by her side, and explained to them that she would give them a night they would never forget, but only if all five of them agreed to come back to her room and participate. If any one of them chickened out and left, it would be over for all of them. They asked if that meant they would have to do something with each other, and when Kathy told them no, they agreed.

As they walked back to the room, Kathy could feel the wetness growing between her legs in anticipation as the young men engaged in a heated discussion over who got to go first. Once in the room, Kathy turned to her husband. "This is what you want from me, right, Mark? To be these boy's slut. To let them use each and every one of my holes however they want? To satisfy me in ways that you never could?"

A meek nod was all that Mark could muster.

"Then strip me for them, then take off your clothes and sit over in the corner while they turn your wife into their cum toy."

Mark stood behind her, looking at the men who would be fucking his wife. It was schoolgirl night, and Kathy had been wearing a short plaid skirt and a white button down top for the occasion. He reached around his wife's full D breasts and unbuttoned the shirt one at a time before peeling it off her and showing the frat boys. He then reached under her skirt and pulled down the tiny white thong she was wearing, and, not being able to help himself, brought the panties to his nose and sniffed deeply at the wetness there. Finally he pulled down Kathy's skirt, revealing her mound. Mark then quickly moved to the couch and took off his clothes. Revealing his caged cock, which was already straining against the metal barrier.

Kathy sat down on the bed and said, "What are you all waiting for?"

"Um," one of the boys started. Kathy noted that while he was probably the cutest and had easily the best body of the group, his cock had only been average, if not smaller even than Mark's, "Do you, like, have any condoms?"

Kathy stared at him with mocking disbelief, "Do you boys want to fuck me or not?" She lay back on the bed and pulled her knees back to her chest, showing her wet hole to them. "I need a cock in my cunt right now. Big boy," she said, now looking directly at the 5'10" white boy with short red curly hair, "Take off your shorts and stick that huge cock of yours in me now."

Big boy looked at his frat mates for a second, then pulled off his shorts, revealing an already stiff 10' monster cock framed with red hair. He looked over at Mark for a second as he put the tip of his dong at Kathy's hole, saw that Mark was watching intently and sniffing his wife's panties, and then began to push into Kathy's pussy.

"Oh god Mark," Kathy moaned, "this stud fills my cunt even better than the neighbor boy."

"Adam," big boy said even as he began thrusting in and out. "Come stick your cock in this slut's mouth, I'm tired of hearing her talk."

Adam, close to 6'2" and 220 lbs, ripped off his clothes and knelt on the bed behind Kathy, and a moment later had his 8" long dark dick down her throat as his balls slapped at her face.

A few minutes later, two of the other frat boys were naked and on either side of Kathy, each being stroked by her, leaving only condom boy and Mark watching in the room. Kathy looked up at the mirror on the ceiling, amazed by the power she had over the men in the room. She'd stopped wondering if Mark would try and stop this.

He wouldn't, and she suddenly understood it wasn't because he didn't love her. It was because he knew. He knew what a filthy cum slut she was and knew he could never treat her the way she needed to be treated. Knew she needed the cocks of men whose name she didn't know or want to know.

She began to gag on the cock down her throat and pulled away, but Adam grabbed a fistful of her brown curly hair and pulled her back to his throbbing member. That instantly started an immense orgasm, her pussy creaming and clenching around big boy's huge member, and a moment later she could feel the hot cum splashing the walls of her cunt.

"Oh fuck did you just cum in her bro," one of the guys she was stroking said. "I ain't putting my dick in there with your spunk all in her. Not cool, bro."

Kathy needed another cock in her, and once again freed her mouth from the cock she was sucking to say, "Mark, get the fuck over here and clean up my cunt so this nice young man can fuck me and not get his friend's sperm on him."

The entire room stopped for a moment and turned its attention to Mark, who sat paralyzed on the couch for a long moment. Slowly, Mark stood up and walked around the bed, kneeling in front of his wife and looking at the gaping hole that big boy had left in her pussy. He could see a glob of cum just making its way out of that hole and down towards her tiny asshole. He stuck his tongue out, tentatively at first, just dabbing at the salty fluid. Then he felt a hand on the back of his head pushing his face into her pussy, and heard condom boy say, "The slut said clean her up you little cuck. Now do your job so we can get back to fucking her you little sissy."

Mark's mouth, now buried in his wife's wet sloppy cunt, began to kiss and lick the juices there. He heard his wife moan, and as he began to work in earnest he could feel her orgasm build and climax through her legs as they squeezed his head.

"Okay, okay, that's clean enough I think," condom boy said as he pulled Mark's head back, "That clean enough for you Blair?"

Blair, who was being stroked again by Kathy, nodded.

"Good, but you're going to have to wait your turn. Adam, you down to fuck her cunt while I'm in her ass, or you too scared to have our dicks that close?"

Adam pulled his dick from Kathy's mouth and said, "Long as what happens in this room never goes beyond the five of us."

"God yes I want your dick in my virgin ass while he fucks my cunt. I want your cum deep inside my holes and for Mark to clean them out after so your friends can do the same next."

As she spoke, Adam got off the bed and Blair moved behind Kathy's head. "Slut, shut the fuck up and suck on this. We've seen enough porn to know what to do without you telling us."

Kathy did as she was told. Condom boy, meanwhile, had seen the lube on the nightstand and was applying it to his 6 inch cock. He laid down on the bed next to her and said, "Now straddle me and put this in your ass. Kathy quickly did as she was told, grabbing the lubed up cock and guiding it to her ass. She'd never had more than a finger inside it, but before she could think about it, condom boy thrust upward and buried himself in her while slapping her ass hard. She let out a moan and squirted across the room as yet another orgasm rocked her body.

"Holy fuck did you see that? Slut loves a cock in her ass. Let's get that black cock of yours in her, Adam." It took just a couple of seconds to figure it out, and soon Kathy was getting fucked by two men at once. Blair then moved to allow Kathy to begin sucking him again, while one of her hands stroked the other guy who's name she still didn't know. Big boy came over to let her begin to stroke his soft member again, and in moments he was hard again. Orgasm after orgasm rocked Kathy's body as she revealed in pleasuring five men at once.

The night continued on, each of the frat boys delivering a load into her pussy at least once, and all but big boy filling her ass as well. Big boy never said why, he just didn't take his turn when offered. After each load, Mark would be called over for clean up duties, giving both Kathy and the frat boys a break, but once he was done the boys were always ready to go again. They continued to call her slut and whore, continued to call him cuck and little sissy. Finally after several hours, they had stood around her as she knelt on the floor, sucking and stroking them in a circle as one by one they shot the last of their loads across her face and hair and tits, leaving her drenched in cum before walking out the door without even a thank you.

Exhausted, Kathy crawled into bed, the cum still dripping down her, and felt the arms of her husband around her and his lips kissing lightly her jizz covered neck.

As Kathy opened her eyes that next morning, Mark also opened his.

"Was it what you thought it would be?" She asked.

"Yes. For you?"

"Yes. Mark, I," she paused. "How did you know that was inside me?"

"We've been married a decade Kath, I know you." He kissed her and she kissed him back. "But I'm not so sure about this." He said pointing at the cage. "I want to fuck my lovely little slut wife too."

Kathy sat up, opened a drawer on the nightstand and pulled out a key, unlocking his cock from its prison. They fucked all morning.

New Year's Eve: Breakfast

Desi wound her way through the tables towards her friend Samantha, coffee in one hand and plate of bacon and hash browns in the other. Even with her sunglasses on and the roof of the dining pavilion blocking out the morning sun, Desi thought it was incredibly, unbelievably, rudely bright this morning. She plopped down in a seat next to her friend.

"Late night," Samantha teased as Desi sat down.

"Why are you yelling?"

Samantha shook her head, her long blonde hair out of its usual ponytail fell in front of her face, covering her green eyes.

"Where's your sugar daddy?" Desi asked as she began wolfing down hashbrowns.

"Desi...." Samantha whined, "You know I hate it when you call him that."

"Okay, where's your old man?"

This time Samantha gave her friend a little punch on the shoulder. "He's at the buffet getting me some fruit. How do you eat like that and stay so thin?"

Desi, like Samatha, had practically no body fat on her at 5'4" and 112 lbs with a C cup chest that looked much bigger on her tiny frame. She was two years older than Samantha, who at 22, 5'2" and 106 lbs with perky little b cups was still a vision of teenage hotness.

"Just lucky, I guess. You guys hook up with anyone else or are you keeping daddy all to yourself?"

"Desi, stop," Samantha implored, then decided to play along, "You know how wet talking like that makes me."

"That's the spirit! If you're gonna fuck a guy thirty years older than you, might as well go with the full taboo. Holy fuck, do you actually call him daddy when he's fucking you?"

Samantha blushed furiously and took a sip of her coffee.

"You kinky little slut!"

Just then, Desi heard from behind her, "Morning, Desi. Late night?"

It was Ken. For an older guy, Desi had to admit that he was kinda hot. He had some grey in his hair but had a good head of it and kept himself in shape. Maybe she would fuck him tonight after all. While Desi preferred women, she'd had her share of guys. So far at Hedo she'd entertained herself playing with all the girls that were part of the big wedding party happening later today. She'd thought she would have to fend off the males of that group constantly, but it never took more than one "no thank you" for them to set their sights elsewhere.

The only other people close to her age here was a group of frat boys who had tried for three nights to pull her into their little group. Thankfully last night a cougar had distracted them away from her. She ended up with a half dozen other women having a bachelorette party in one of their rooms, which basically amounted to the seven women licking, sucking and fingering each other into orgasm after orgasm along with bottle of wine after bottle of wine from 10pm till three in the morning. When Desi left four of the ladies were still going at it, but she needed to get some sleep.

"I don't get it Ken, I thought old fogies like you went to bed after Survivor. Fuck if you can't drink a little college girl like me under the table."

Ken had been enjoying the banter between him and Desi all week. Though he absolutely loved fucking Sam, he still hoped he might get a chance with Desi.

"You'd be surprised how capable a few extra years makes you at a lot of things, isn't that right Sam?"

Ken put his hand between Samantha's legs and began to rub lightly in just the right way to make her moan almost immediately.

"Yeah but Samantha's never had a woman get her off before," Desi said as she put her own hand between Samantha's legs, replacing Ken's at her wet mound. Desi leaned in close so she was looking at Ken face to face just a few inches away while her hand slid under Samantha's waistband. "She doesn't even know what she's missing."

"Oh god, ohhhhhh," Samantha cooed next to them and both Desi and Ken turned to look at her.

"Can't I just fuck both of you?" Samantha asked.

"Maybe tonight you could, at the wedding reception. But you better ask your daddy."

"Ohh," Samantha nearly shouted. Now they were attracting some attention of the staff. Displays like this in the dining area weren't... encouraged.

Desi pulled her hand away and sat back up, finally saying, "Well?"

Samantha looked at Ken and said, "Daddy, would it be okay if Desi licked my pussy tonight before you fuck me? I want to know if she can make me feel as good as you do, daddy."

Ken smiled, his cock straining against his shorts. "Yes, sweetie, anything you and your little friend want."

That, Desi, thought, was the right answer.

New Year's Eve: Noon

Heather and Christian, along with Judy and Paul, were in their regular spot in the nude pool, which was mysteriously empty.

"Guess everyone is resting for tonight," Judy had remarked when they first slipped into the pool. The foursome had started talking on their second day at the resort, quickly realizing that none of them were swingers and therefore safe to hang out with.

They'd flirted a bit, sure, and all had gotten used to giving naked hugs to one another when they saw each other, but no further. After spending a few hours together at the nude pool having drinks and some lunch, they would go their separate ways for the evening, Judy and Paul usually to make love on the beach, Christian and Heather to fuck in their room.

Yesterday, when Christian had lowered his head between her legs, Heather couldn't get Judy's body out of her head. Judy was a couple inches taller than Heather and much thinner with large full breasts. At 57, she was 15 years older than Heather, and had the full head of grey hair to prove it. She was a beautiful woman, and as Christian worked his tongue against Heather's clit she imagined it was Judy's tongue instead and came hard and fast. She then flipped over and commanded Christian to fuck her hard, and he did, and with her head buried in a pillow, Heather imagined it was Paul fucking her and she came quickly again. That night, out to dinner with Nick, Marie and the wedding party, Heather continued to feel guilty about her fantasy even while vowing not to act on it. This place was getting to her!

***

Mona and Jim had just finished the short walk from their ocean view room to the nude grill for a very late morning snack.

"Look, Jim, they're hanging out again," Mona told her husband while nodding over to Heather, Christian, Judy and Paul in the pool. "I say they'll be swinging tonight."

"Not a chance," Jim replied. "Don't think any of them will be bold enough to make the first move. They're definitely all thinking about it though."

"Maybe what they need is a little Mona magic."

"Mona..." Jim said, "It's not your job to shepherd every straight couple you see into the lifestyle."

"Nope, just the ones who want to be led. What' the saying, you can lead a horse to water..."

Mona started walking towards the pool. Jim let her go, there was really no stopping her when she got something in her head. Mona's thin, tall black body glided across the sand towards the pool. She'd had her hair done into braids that reached down to the small of her back. Her just over D sized breasts looked huge on her thin frame. A perfect 10, Jim knew, a perfect 10 and smart, successful and fully into the lifestyle. It was a perfect match, but damn if he wasn't occasionally confounded by her willfulness.

Mona had her sights set on Heather. A good ten years older than Mona, short and round and the most beautiful ebony skin Mona thought she had ever seen. By the time she reached the edge of the pool, Heather had become aware that this beautiful woman was staring at her and coming right at her.

"Hi, I'm so sorry to interrupt ya'll, but," and at this Mona looked at Christian even as she continued to walk towards Heather, "I think your wife is absolutely gorgeous, and if you would be okay with it I'd like to give her a kiss."

Everyone around the table was speechless. Finally, Mona smiled and said, "Sorry I'm so forward, I just haven't seen you around the hot tub at night. I'd normally ask then but didn't want to miss my chance." She turned her gaze towards Heather, "Or for you to miss yours, if that's what you want."

"Um, I, um, Christian?"

"Oh, um, well, I mean it's up to you, sweetie."
