 Greetings and thanks for waiting for this latest installment. This chapter will make more sense if you have read 1 and 2 (Ch 3 is kind of a standalone adventure). All characters are over 18 years of age. Lastly, this story series is meant to be fun, so please don't take it too seriously. Without further ado, enjoy!

*****

Chapter 4 

"Welcome friends, romans, and horny people!" Zoey said to the camera. They were starting their 8 o'clock show time and there were already several thousand people awaiting this broadcast. Zoey sat in front of the laptop, her large tits were barely contained by a cut-off t-shirt that exposed an ample amount of underboob. 

"We're going to start soon, I promise, but we're gonna need some extra incentive first. So who wants to see these big ol' titties?" she shook them back and forth threatening to pop out from under her flimsy shirt. It didn't take long for the familiar 'ping' sound of tips being submitted by viewers to start and soon Zoey would be naked.

Zoey then bounced herself up and down so that her boobs heaved upwards and then popped free as her tiny crop top failed to contain them. She continued bouncing then grabbed her head and turned it while crossing her eyes at the camera in a goofy manner. She knew the audience appreciated her bimbo antics and wanted to goad them further.

"You just love this bimbo slut, don't you all?" she winked at the camera. The tips rolled in while Zoey traded between blank stares and cross eyed ones with her tits exposed, channeling her inner dumb fuck slut. 

"Mmmmm, you like these? You're all so eager for the titties, maybe I'll give them a few licks to reward your responsiveness," she smiled and brought a heaving tit up to her mouth. Her tongue shot out and lapped at it until it poked into the air, hard and moist. She repeated with her other nipple, this time suckling and nibbling on it. 

"This bimbo could use some help, would you all like to help me suck these titties?" she asked innocently. Jake and Jaden, who had been off camera, came into view, well, the backs of their heads at least, to lick and suck on Zoey's nipples. 

"Mmmmmm yeah, thank you. Oooooohhh my tits are always so sensitive," Zoey giggled to the camera, enjoying the attention. After several minutes playing with her tits, Jake and Jaden stood up. On camera, their two 10" dicks bounced on either side of Zoey's eager face. She licked her lips and began teasing their tips with her tongue. 

"Ok everyone, I'm going to put these big things all the way down my throat," Zoey said pointing to her neck, "If you like what you see, I want you all to tip for how many seconds I can hold it down in my throat!" 

She first took one then the other cock into her mouth and bobbed for a little while on each. She worked up her saliva until they were coated. Zoey spit onto the first cock, Jake's, that will slide down her throat.

"Ready?" asked Zoey to the camera. She turned and swallowed Jake's cock down her throat. 

"8. . . 9 . . 10" counted Jaden until Zoey backed off Jake's cock, which glistened with her saliva.

"10 dollars for 10 seconds?" asked Zoey as several stray 'pings' came through, "I think I can do better."

She turned to Jaden, and swallowed his meaty tool down her throat. Her face smashed into Jaden's abdomen as she held it down longer this time. From the side, the viewers could see her throat bulging outwards with Jaden's girth. Zoey even crossed her eyes for the camera, showing them what a submissive slut she is. 

"16 . . . 17 . . . 18!" Jake counted; Zoey finally came up for air. Panting, she pulled her head back slowly and stretched out several strands of spit that connected her to the dark, wet behemoth before her. She playfully smacked it on her outstretched tongue to the camera. 

"I thought I heard some fun in here from the living room" Jessica laughed and shook her finger at the three as she entered the bedroom. She was wearing a bikini that accented her amazing body: massive tits, tight tummy and legs, and bubble butt. Jake motioned her over.

"Hey Jess, come say 'hi' to our viewers."

"Hmm, that's quite a lady that can handle these two cocks," she said, nodding towards Zoey as she approached.

Zoey stretched her cheek out with Jaden's bulging cock, teasing the camera. Jessica's appearance in the background caused a myriad of requests to pop up on the message board. 

>>make that slut join too << typed throat_plz88 amongst other >>join, join, suck, suck<< messages.

"I think Zoey here is doing a magnificent job, she'll be more than enough for these two hunks," said Jess, "butttttt I can stay a minute. Your father is out running errands, anyway." She knelt down next to Zoey and kissed her cock-bulged cheek. 

"Mmmm does that feel good, darling?" Jess asked Jaden as she kissed and rubbed his cock through Zoey's cheek. Jaden gave her a thumbs up for the camera. 

"Ask them if they want you to get me prepped for Zo's ass," Jake told Jess. 

Jess moved on camera, "Want to see Zo's ass get fucked? That dick is gonna need some lube, but wherever will we find some?" Jess teased and licked her lips saucily as she pulled her bikini down to reveal her massive tits. Tips were rolling in and the laptop pinged away. 

Jake's 10" cock bounced into her cheek and Jess noisily slurped on it for the camera. Meanwhile, Zoey got onto the bed on her back and grabbed her ankles, presenting her pussy, ass, everything. Jaden motioned the other two and changed the cam position. They moved so that Jessica sucked Jake's cock over Zoey's puckered asshole. Jess continued wetly sucking on Jake's dick for a while. She then bent her head downward and tongued at Zoey's butt. Saliva slid off her tongue down onto her little pink hole. 

Meanwhile, unbeknownst to our heroes, a taxi pulled up to the house. Dexter, Jerome's stepbrother, and his wife, Jessica's sister Alice, grabbed their bags and strode to the front door. They knocked on the door and waited. After 5 minutes, Alice tried the door and it opened.

In the back bedroom, too much was happening to notice any knocking as the fun continued. . .

"Fuck me yessss!!" screamed Zoey. She remained bent pussy upwards as Jaden stood over her on the bed and fucked her with long strokes. Jessica and Jake continued their blowjob, but now Jake violently fucked her throat. Spit dribbled down Jess' chin and all over Zoey's asshole.

"Now that asshole's ready," said Jake. Pulling out of Jessica's throat, she held Zoey's hole open and spit a load of saliva down into it.

"Fuck yeah, fuck my ass, please! I really need someone to fuck my tiny asshole!" Zoey pleaded as her pussy was fucked relentlessly. Jaden pulled out of her pussy and angled his dick backwards. Jessica readily gobbled it up and slurped up Zoey's juices.

"Taste my naughty, little pussy on that cock!" she encouraged Jess. Jake slid his cock into Zoey's ass and began fucking it as Jessica's face was filled nearby. The viewers loved every second of this session. 

"OH MY GOODNESS!!" shouted Alice as she stood in the doorway. She was startled and shaking from watching the debauchery in front of her. From her point of view, she saw writhing, naked bodies, familiar naked bodies at that. Their nephews, incredibly well-hung nephews, fucking a brazen slut on the bed (Zoey) while Jessica, their sister-in-law sucked on her step-son's cock! Not to mention they heard Zoey's screams and slutty encouragements on their way through the house. 

"Holy shit..." muttered Dexter as he joined his wife in the doorway. 

"WHAT IS GOING ON HERE?! Alice continued, "Jessica, that's your stepson's penis in your mouth."

WHY IS YOUR STEPSON'S PENIS IN YOUR MOUTH?! It was too much for Alice and she promptly fainted from the shock. Dexter caught his wife and took her to the bed of an adjacent bedroom. 

Meanwhile, the other gathered their wits. They had been frozen mid-orgy by the shock of their discovery. 

"Close the cam," Jessica hissed, "and grab a robe, underwear, anything to wear!"

"Not so fast," said a voice from the doorway. Dex had made sure Alice was comfortable in the other room and closed the door to her room. 

"I know what's going on here and I intend to tell my brother everything," he continued staring at Jessica.

"You think you can fuck his sons behind his back, you gold-digger? "

The gang stood around the bedroom half-dressed. They knew they were in a pickle. Jessica, thinking quickly, decided it would be better that Dex believe this is behind Jerome's back than know the truth.

"You're right," she said, "you caught me." 

"I have wrongly influenced these three into being my sexual playthings, but you must know that you can never tell my husband about this." She was leading Dex into this, but it was the lesser of two evils, or so she thought.

"Hmmmm," Dexter pondered aloud. He understood what Jessica was implying.

"Boys," he addressed Jaden and Jake, "you don't mind if I borrow these, do ya?" Jaden and Jake, using pillows to hide their already deflated erections, shook their heads. 

"Good, get on your hands and knees," he commanded Jessica and Zoey as he closed the door behind him and locked it. Jessica hesitated a second before kneeling down and pulling Zoey down next to her by her arm. 

"Crawl to me," Dex commanded next. He moved next to the bed and threw off his shorts. His semi-hard dick flopped out. 

"Ya know, it's so good to see you, Zoey, and the boys," he smiled at Jess, "why don't you greet me properly and get my dick in your mouth?"

Jess and Zoey shed the clothes they had used to half cover themselves and crawled sexily across the bedroom. Their tits swayed under them beautifully, thought Dex. Zoey got there first and started by licking and teasing his balls. 

"Atta girl, Zo," he encouraged.

"Oops, Jess, it looks like Zoey got here first, but you know what? I have just the thing in mind; you're going to greet me like this every time we meet." With that, Dex pivoted around Zoey, still sucking, and spread his legs apart.

Tongue my ass," he commanded. Jessica looked at him pleadingly, but acquiesced. She spread his ass cheeks apart and dove tongue first into his butthole. Dex was fully erect now and even at a strong 8", was visibly less hung than his stepbrother or nephews. Zoey licked up his shaft and popped the whole thing into her mouth and throat. 

"Holy shit boys, these sluts have been thoroughly dick whipped!" 

It was true, though, the recent family events had changed Jessica. She always loved a big, powerful penis, but now she realized that she yearned for them like an addict to his weekly supply. It was hard to say 'no' to one; it was even harder to suppress a 'hell yeah' followed by a suck, fuck, and swallow. She was cock whipped, she realized as she dipped her tongue into her brother-in-law's asshole, and would never be able to go back. 

"Boys, get that camera of your back up and running and film this," said Dex. Jaden re-logged them into their webcam show's site while Jake manned a camera and shot the action across the room. The viewers that stayed on after the abrupt drop were pissed and Jaden was doing his best to make amends. He did not want to give any more information away in front of his Uncle Dex though, so he kept this rather important news from his family. 

Dex changed position. He moved Zoey onto the bed on her back and climbed over her to the 69 position. 

"Mmmm, I wanna taste this hot, little pussy," he said, "and go ahead and get a close-up of Jess tossing my salad" to Jake. Jake did just that. The gang was redeeming themselves to the viewers that were left watching. They saw how Jessica slurped her way through a messy tongue-fucking of Dexter's asshole. 

In the meantime, Dex was doing less licking and just enjoying his situation. Zoey was giving him the best blowjob he ever had. Plus, his insanely hot sister-in-law is currently giving him a rimjob to remember. Soon, though, he remembered what else he wanted to do.

"Ok, you sluts are impressive, but I'm not finished with my test drive."

He commanded Jess to switch positions with him so he could fuck her ass. Dex stood back and she got into the 69 position with Zoey. Dex slipped his thumb into Jess' butthole, then offer it to her face.

"Taste your ass, you slut," Dex said, "it's clearly had larger objects than my thumb." Jess just went with it, licking and sucking his thumb.

Dex's cock, slick with Zoey's saliva, slid right into Jess' asshole. He started slowly then built up his rhythm. Jessica moaned as Zoey assaulted her clit and Dex pounded her ass. 

"Wow, you boys trained these sluts perfectly," said Dex incredulously to Jake and Jaden.

Dex slowed down and popped his cock head in and out of Jess' gaping asshole for the camera. After a few of these, he climbed onto the bed and offered his meat stick to Jess.

"Taste your ass on my dick," he commanded. Jessica willingly took him into her mouth and savored the distinct tastes of his cock and her own ass. She was proud of herself for distinguishing the two so easily.

"You like that?" Dex asked, "tell everyone how much you love to taste your ass; no, leave it in your mouth." Jaden stood on the other side of the bed filming a close-up on Jess. 

"Iii fffucckkkingggg gwah gwah gwah gwah gwah gwllllooovvveee mrrryyyy gwua-aaasssssss," Jess somehow finished as Dexter fucked her throat mid-sentence.

"Ohhh fuck yeah, I'm gonna blow ," said Dex as he started to cum. Several spurts leaked straight down to Jess' stomach before she pulled his cock out from the depths of her throat. Saliva clung from her mouth to his shaft, but as his cock rested on her messy chin, Dex's fourth and fifth salvos of cum landed on her cheek and left eye. After traveling for several days, Dex had built up a substantial load in his balls. 

"Uhh . . . uhhh . . . . uhhh. . ."he grunted with each blast as he coated his stepbrother's wife in his sticky, white sauce. Finally, his orgasm abated and Jessica did her best impression of a glazed donut. 

"Hope ya'll took notes," Dex stated towards Jaden and the camera to thousands of viewers, " 'cuz that's proper slut treatment."

Jaden and Jake concluded the live stream. Still, nobody really knew how to act right now in front of Dex. Zoey was helping Jessica wipe the cum from her eyes when the door sprang open.

"Bahahaha! You did it, lil' bro!" exclaimed an excited Jerome.

"You sons of bitches!" howled Jessica. She ran to Jerome and punched him in the chest. Her face was still covered in his stepbrother's cum.

"Shit, you nailed us all, Uncle Dex" said Jake. 

Dexter smiled, "well, I wish I could take credit for it, but it was all him," pointing at Jerome.

"Looks like he was saving up, damn, when's the last time you jizzed, Dex? asked Jerome. Everyone laughed, looking at the extent of his load on Jess. 

"You know how she can be. . ." Dex replied a bit morosely referring to his wife, Alice. 

"My sister is a lot to handle sometimes. She's also a prude, so there's that," said Jessica flatly.

"She's prude?" asked Zoey a bit clueless, "you mean she's got a body like Jess, but doesn't use it?" 

"Unfortunately, yes," said Dex, "we don't have sex more than once a month." The whole room responded to this with a chorus of gasps and 'ooooohs.' 

"We just HAVE to figure out a way to change this!" said Zoey.

Dex thought for a moment and said, "well, she's passed out from her shock, but we also had a few drinks on the plane on the way here. What if we convince her that the alcohol got to her and that she hallucinated the whole thing?" 

His plan was, for lack of a better word, a bit shitty for his wife. However, Dex and Jess knew that Alice would never go for the new arrangement so they needed an extreme plan. They still loved her as a wife and sister, but they were determined to soften her bitchy exterior and controlling ways with this trip to the tropics, oh, and all of the dicks she could handle.

...

Alice awoke in a strange bedroom. 

"Thank goodness you're ok, honey," said a voice. 

"I thought you might've hit your head when you fell." It was her husband, Dexter. Her thoughts raced back to her and she instinctively pulled her knees up to her chin in alarm. 

"We can't stay here! They're fucking their children, Dex!

Dexter sat on the edge of the bed and placed his hand on her knee. 

"Please try to relax, honey. I think it's all a misunderstanding," replied Dex. 

"But I saw things . . . too many things!"

"I think you had one too many drinks, Alice, and I believe something in the alcohol affected you back there."

"Buh . . . what were they all doing in the bedroom, Dexter? Why were they all naked? They're FAMILY members! Why did Jaden and Jake have their penises in Zoey and Jess?"

"Wow honey, I promise they all can explain. And I can't believe what an imagination you have when you get tipsy," he smirked. 

"You mean I didn't see that . . . . . YOU didn't see that?" 

"It's ok, darling, it MUST have been the drinks." There was a knock on the door before it opened. Jessica stepped quietly into the room wearing a cover up over her most covering bathing suit (which wasn't much better). She was barefoot, but her massive breasts still bounced with each small step. 

Dexter smiled, mostly to himself, as he thought about fucking her ass and cumming all over her face less than an hour ago. Dios mio, I fed her my dick and ordered her to taste my ass and even her own ass! He had landed in paradise, but it could only go so far as his wife Alice would go. 

"Hey Sis, how are you feeling?" asked Jessica. Dex moved off the bed and Jessica replaced him, sitting next to Alice. 

"Ok, I think," replied Alice still unsure of pretty much everything. 

"Good, we are all worried about you and that you might've hit your head."

"Really, I'm fine," said Alice leveling her gaze at her sister. 

"Jess, what did I see in that bedroom?" 

"Well, I can tell you it most certainly wasn't what you think you saw. Jake, Jaden, and Zoey are completing a scavenger hunt and so we had to play Twister, but you have to take pictures or film it and they needed more people to play," Jess explained, "so I joined."

"Why were you naked, then sis? Alice asked with a smirk.

"Oh, I wasn't," Jess laughed, "see we pretty much wear bathing suits around here all the time so I can see how it might've appeared that we were naked in a Twister pretzel of people."

Alice eyed her suspiciously, but she knew that it was becoming more and more likely that they were right. Maybe the alcohol really did make her see things, she thought.

"Ok. . . ., then why did I see a penis, one of your stepson's penises, in your mouth?

Jessica laughed again, this time louder, "you saw what?! So that's what you were rambling about before you passed out!" 

"So you weren't giving a . . . blowjob to anyone?" asked Alice.

Jessica shook her head, "I can't believe that's what you thought you saw! Damn sis, maybe alcohol just makes you so horny that you can't see," she teased.

Alice realized she was nearly out of ammo.

"Ok last thing, what did Dex and I hear that led us into the doorway? It sounded like filthy sex talk and moaning." 

Jessica was sweating a little bit, she had forgotten about Zoey's pleas of 'fuck my ass' and 'taste my pussy on that cock.' Now that's a little difficult to explain.

"Uhhh . . . . well she . . . . she was just being a goofball! Zoey has a sick little sense of humor, that girl, so if I remember correctly, she was singing some filthy rap song to get us to fall over." Jessica regained her composure as her explanation sank in. 

"Hmm, well maybe she's a bad influence on those boys," said Alice, "but I think you two are right, I must have hallucinated quite the scene in their bedroom."
