 Sunil finally reached Nalini's place. For months she had been teasing him. It started with her innocence which was seductive in itself. She was careless with her dressing when she came on Skype and Sunil was fully titillated by the exhibitionist in her.

And slowly but surely he seduced her and taught her things. As time passed and Sunil proved to be a virtual lover, Nalini needed the real thing and took the lessons she learned to her husband. And then she took on real lovers- students of her husband who were only too glad to practice their sexual skills on the voluptuous, buxom wife of their math professor.

Some of the young men were ardent and there was at least one who was a bulky and animal fuck-machine. She enjoyed them all, on most occasions giving Sunil a ringside view of her escapades by Skype.

The most delicious sensuous one was the young girl – her first lesbian. She and her husband took her and it was a wild threesome. On that girl's prodding Nalini took on the education of her nephew.

And now, when Sunil arrived, she had a full house. Her nephew Nikhil was staying. And the two of them had fucked through the night. The professor was like a man possessed: he obsessed with only two things: his math classes and fucking his wife and the girl student.

There was only one guest room which was taken by the nephew. She had him move to a makeshift bed and gave the guest room to Sunil. The air was damp with the odors of sex. The professor felt it. The nephew felt it. And so did Nalini. Each felt that he or she felt that way because they knew of the encounters; actually everyone felt it.

The smells and drench of sex was very much in the air.

And tonight it was Sunil's turn. Or so he thought. But Nalini knew better. Her cunt had been a bubbling cauldron in anticipation of the fucking her long-lost, visiting school friend Sunil was due for. But she knew the professor would be looking for her. HE had got used to a daily diet of sex. And then there was the newly unleashed nephew.

If Nalini had known Sunil was arriving, she might not have taken on Nikhil. But Sunil had just shown up. If the previous night she had spent with Nikhil, her nephew, this night belonged to Sunil. Erotic Sunil, who had unleashed the woman in her in full. She knew she had teased him to the limits; she owed him.

But Nikhil had only just had his first taste of sex. He was eager and insatiable too, being just 18. He was convinced that he was in love with his aunt.

Nalini planned dinner early. She needed time for the long evening and night ahead. Professor liked his dinner early and now had added a routine of fucking before going to bed. Nikhil liked the early start to the evening. He hoped like the previous night, his aunt would put the professor to bed and spend the rest of the night with him. And Sunil hoped for a rendezvous, too.

Tonight, Nalini tried to be quick with her husband. As she cleared up after dinner, he came up behind her and slid his hands under her top to cup her heavy breasts. "Come!" he whispered.

She brushed him aside. "Not tonight!" she hissed. "I have to organize things for our visitor!"

"But I must have you," he insisted, letting go of her as the nephew came in with some of the dishes he had cleared. 

It was half an hour more before she could go to her bedroom to change. Sunil sat on the hall sofa flipping channels while he and the professor engaged in idle chitchat. 

She changed out of her kurta salwar into her nightdress. She did not take off her undergarments. It was meant to be a precise night. Husband and nephew were to be managed and she was going to find time for Sunil. Soft breasts, nipples poking, and the absence of a panty-line: none of these suggestive indications were to distract her from goal: Sunil. The man who had unleashed her deserved his rewards.

And yet, as she neared the door of her room, she found herself ambushed by the professor.

"What is it?" she asked imploringly. He took her hand and guided it to his erection. Something caught her throat. He was experiencing a renewed vigor ever since their new adventures and the research student girl who had joined their bed. She never really denied the professor anything. His requirement for sex was similar to a need for food; she never ever said no.

She dropped to her knees in front of him. She undid the pajama cord and allowed them to drop. Expectedly, it snagged on the pole of his cock. She glanced out of the open bedroom door. The hall outside was dark and she presumed Nikhil to be asleep. 

As she faced his cock, Nalini took it in her hand and slid her hand up and down lovingly. He was just ready. She masturbated him gently. As her fist went down on his cock her lips took him in. she did not know much about what was called a "blowjob". Just that her man needed to cum. 

Unknown to her, Nikhil, her nephew watched in jealous fascination. From where he lay, he could see his aunt's headed bobbing forward and back. By the slant of lights from the windows nothing was left to imagination.

Nikhil saw his uncle hold his aunt's head and guide her on to his cock. He was fucking her mouth. She was masturbating him with hand and mouth. Nikhil's own erection was monstrous and he touched himself. But he only lightly stroked himself. He wanted to keep himself for his aunt.

He had seen her coming his way and knew that uncle had waylaid her. She would come to him for sure. 

Professor leaned down to grab at his wife's breasts. He loved playing with her mounds of flesh. And as man and wife contorted to access each other and Nalini's ministrations became more fervent. Professor gasped as his wife expertly made him cum. He spurted over her hands, face, lips, and hair as Nalini continued to combine hand and mouth expertly to keep him cumming. 

She did not let him go. She kept rocking him and lipping the jerking flesh till it started to shrink. Finally when she let go, it was a small knob, slick with cum and saliva.

Nalini stood up and whispered to her sagging husband, "Can I go take care of the guests?" He nodded, quite groggy now that his physical needs were met. He was done for the day. And of course, he had little idea on what 'taking care of the guests' involved.

Nalini went to the bathroom to clean up before she re-entered the hall. She looked at the lying form of her nephew and went close. She stretched her leg and prodded him with her toe to check if he was asleep.

With alacrity the young man grabbed his aunt's extended leg. He leaned up and kissed the leg. She knelt down and ruffled his hair. "Not today," she whispered. "Uncle is awake," she lied. The boy merely led her hand to his own raging erection. Instinctively, she fingered the contours of his cock. She knew she could make him cum quite quickly – but here in this hall, she felt it was too open.

The young man grabbed his aunt's ass and mouthed her crotch through the flimsy nightgown. She shuddered as he bit her. Her hand gripped his cock hard. Desperately Nikhil sought to reach an intermediate goal of exciting his aunt. Frantically he searched for the hem of her nightgown to go under. In the process he kissed her thighs and licked and bit on them. 

Her legs parted involuntarily. She leaned forward and through his pajamas grabbed at his cock. Nikhil would have liked to feel her warm wet mouth on him but he dare not let go of her ass and thighs before his aunt had committed herself.

It was left to Nalini to undo the pajamas and her nephew helped her by raising his hips. He was able to quite easily lift his aunt's gown and bare her pussy to his lips. She was damp and the smell of her flow greeted him for the woman had been intimate with her husband moments ago and that had aroused her quite a bit. 

The young man and his aunt embraced each other in the classical 69 position. Heads bobbed, hips rocked. Nalini moved her knees apart giving Nikhil full access. Now that it was happening she wanted it all and for him to pleasure her fully. The boy was a novice. She positioned herself carefully to get the most out of this encounter. She wanted to be open enough to flow freely, too. The young man also thrust his cock into her mouth to take his own pleasure.

"Focus, focus," she whispered urgently. She lifted her head off. The boy gasped in desperation. She positioned her clit on his nose and rubbed down. "There! There!" she emphasized triumphantly.

Then she went back to grabbing his cock and stuffed it into her mouth and sucked and twisted her lips on it fervently. 

"Mmmmm!" she mumbled her pleasure as the boy worked hard on her lips. "Nnnnnnn" whined the boy with his tongue stretched as far as it would go into her cunt.

The fumbling and the noises of their pleasure attracted the attention of the waiting Sunil. He had been told by Nalini to expect him. But the sounds in the hall told him that his lover had been stopped on the way. He moved to the doorway and spotted the bundle in the middle of the hall, moving. He could see the silhouette of moving shapes.

As he moved closer, he could see that two human forms were wrapped around each other.

He was quite enraged when he detected one to be his Nalini, leaning over the person beneath, her ass jutting out into the air. The woman was wanton in her lust! He felt the need to be vengeful. He closed in on them. The bitch – she was really in heat! He ought to have come visiting her a lot earlier.

Dropping his shorts he knelt behind her. Below her Nikhil sensed the movement and opened his eyes and saw the visitor looming above, his cock dangling. With the ease of an expert, Sunil held Nalini's ass. She felt the pair of hands and immediately noticed more hands than there should be.

She was loath to stop bobbing on the cock in her mouth, as she wanted to complete the favor to her nephew. But she also was startled by the third presence. She didn't need to wait too long. She moaned on to the cock in her mouth as Sunil entered her smoothly. Her cunt was soppy wet and ready to receive. Speared at both ends with cocks Nalini luxuriated, curious as she was about who was in her cunt.

It had to be Sunil she surmised. The cock felt new; or was it the distinctly penetrative deep angle? Beneath Nikhil had a dilemma: stop tasting his aunt or taste the cock whooshing past his lips as well. His instinct was to pull back but he felt his aunt press down with her cunt.

The two men serving her suited her well. She often wanted both cock and mouth in her cunt sometimes being unable to decide. When the cock was pounding her she often wished for an agile tongue on her cuntlips and clit. When she was being tongued ruthlessly she often missed the full stretch and pounding of a cock.

She pressed down, bringing her cunt to paste itself on his lips. And Sunil changed his angle to pound harder. A flood of juices swamped Nikhil. He clutched as his aunt's ass competing with the older man to be the greater pleasure provider. Nalini's indescribable pleasure caused her to mouth the cock in her mouth with excessive vigor and the boy spurted into his aunt's mouth. 

She did not have the luxury of moving away and his cum filled her mouth. She let her jaw drop to let the seed spill out, not being much of a connoisseur. But she continued to throat him so got the fullest pleasure. 

She now raised her head and looked back. She saw Sunil pounding into her. She felt him deep in her stomach. She pushed back at him and saw him shudder. She smiled to herself. He was vulnerable to her. She fucked back, strategically. His head jerked as she hit her target spot on.

Sunil reached under his lover and grabbed her breasts. The rough treatment of her teats caused Nalini to jerk and shudder. They came together. She convulsed and Nikhil took her to new heights by staying glued with his lips to her cunt. Sunil emptied with guttural groans and the combined flood flowed down on Nikhil below who pursed his lips to keep out the flow.

The two older and experienced lovers spent with no control. Nikhil just lay below. Sunil clung on to the woman he had discovered and unleashed as he came in torrents. At last, he had his Nalini!

When he was spent and slipped out, she rose. Taking Sunil's hand she led him to the bedroom. The night was his. She had only just begun. And she knew how to make him ready for her again. She had plenty of rewards for the man who had brought out the woman in her.