 This is an experience I had in college that I can't get out of my mind. The scene did not end exactly like in the story as, while I was made naked, I did not get screwed as a campus cop drove into the parking lot at the crucial time. His headlights flashed inside the car, causing us to stop. There were follow-up meetings however that I will write about eventually. 

-Denise-

*****

I was so excited. It was only the first semester of my sophomore year. I had an invitation to one of the most popular parties on campus. It was at the beautiful Theta house. My best friend, Alicia, was also going to go and we decided to ride together in her car and kind of watch out for each other. Alicia and I have been friends since I don't know when. It's a long time for sure and it was super that we were at the same college together. 

The Theta house, or Kappa Alpha Theta, was a big sorority and had some of the most influential women on campus in it. It also had some of the prettiest young women too. I had no idea if Alicia or I were being considered for joining, but we weren't about to pass this up in any case. 

I'm a pretty short girl at 5'1" in bare feet and, since I do swimming and volley ball, I only weigh in at 95 pounds soaking wet. Alicia is a bit taller than me at 5'4" but we can share a lot of the same clothes and if she feels daring, she likes to wear my dresses. Usually mid-thigh on me, they barely cover her bottom. She's such a tease sometimes.

It was late Summer and a chill was starting to settle in up in the Mid West, so I wore a light sweater and one of my black skirts. I love this skirt when I dance. The vent in back is deep enough to give me plenty of room to move to the music like I like to. I threw a light wrap over my shoulders too, for the late night cold I was sure was coming. I left my legs bare since I was pretty used to the weather and I had a nice tan from the summer. Under, I wore a nice lacy bra and pantie set.

I spun around, showing it to Alicia and she said, "Ooh Katie! That skirt looks so good on you! Just be careful when you bend over!" We both giggled over that. 

Alicia selected a button up the front dress that looked great on her. It had a nice square cut neck and was about four inches above her knees. Leaving the bottom two buttons open, she could dance freely too. She decided to wear pantyhose as her legs were still kind of pale.

We both finished our outfits off with some sensible but sexy two inch heels with straps and open toe shoes. Looking in the mirror we both gave a thumbs up and a high five. We looked killer together.

Arriving at the house about 9PM, we found the party in full swing. We got name tags at the front desk and a drink of some kind from the punch bowl right next to it. It was really good. Sweet and citrus tasting and powerful. I put my name tag over my left boob and we started out toward the dance floor, drinking our punch on the way. I saw there were several guys walking around with iced pitchers of punch, keeping everyone's glasses full. That was a good thing since it was so hot on the floor with so many bodies.

Alicia and I were dancing at the edge of the floor being silly. We would drink, bump hips, drink, bump butts, drink, drink, drink. That punch went down nice, quenching my thirst. I felt warm in my tummy and was laughing at just about everything. Alicia wasn't drinking as much because she had to drive us home. 

We were asked to dance by some guys who had been watching us. I finally abandoned my drink cup and started to really enjoy being in the "popular" crowd. The guy I was dancing with was over six feet tall and when I put my arms around his neck for a slow dance, I could feel the cool air on the back of my legs and lower bottom from that darn vent. Needless to say, his arms around my waist would work my sweater up my back. I could only imagine what people were seeing behind me, but I was starting not to care. I was feeling my partner growing hard against my tummy and it felt good rubbing against him. He said his name was Chad and he was a Junior.

It was getting close to midnight and I was still going strong on the dance floor, although feeling the drinks. I dimly wondered where Alicia had gotten to and felt bad because we had sort of promised to look out for each other. Chad's friend, Jeff told me that she had gotten sick and their other friend had driven her home in her car about an hour ago.

"She was my ride back to the dorm!" I cried. "Now what am I supposed to do?"

Jeff said, "Ah, no worries Katie. We have Chad's old beater here and we'd be happy to drive you home."

Pouting, I said, "Well, it's not too far, I can walk it."

"No way am I letting you walk home this late at night!" Chad said, looking over my head at Jeff. "You're in a college town now and anything could happen to you."

We walked over to the punch table for some fresh drinks and I thought about what a crazy night this was. I also thought about poor Alicia and hoped she was okay. She was having such fun dancing with Chad and Jeff's friend.

I said, "Well okay Chad. Let me know when you're ready to go."

"Well, we're ready now if you want to finish up that last drink Katie. Aren't we Jeff?"

"I'm sure ready," said Jeff. "Let me get lids for these cups to have on the road and we're off!"

Chad and I watched him go and I felt Chad's hand slip down over my butt and give it a squeeze. I giggled and looked up at him. His beautiful eyes were twinkling in the lights. I reached back and took hold of his hand and said, "I like you Chad but we just met."

"Oh, that's okay Katie. I'm sure we'll get to know each other better before too long," he smiled.

Walking out to the parking lot between Chad and Jeff, I pulled my wrap tighter around my shoulders. They both had their arm around my waist. I felt like a little girl between these two tall guys. The night was brisk and I felt my silly nipples getting pointy under my sweater and light, lacy bra. Those things could sure be embarrassing to me sometimes. I only hoped the guys didn't notice.

We walked clear to the back of the lot and stopped at a huge car. "That's your car Chad?" I asked with wonder. It must have been the biggest car I've ever seen!

"That's her," Chad said. "That's my Abigail. She's a 1958 Buick that my dad helped me fix up."

Chad bent down and held my hand, giving it a kiss on the back. "I'll let Jeff get you seated and then we'll be off babe," he said.

Flustered a bit, I let Jeff lead me around to the passenger side of the huge car. Opening the front door with a flourish, he said, "Now you see the beauty of these big, old cars! The front seat goes all the way across so no one has to sit in the back!"

I'd never seen anything like it and as I stepped up to get in, I stumbled a bit. Jeff held my waist and helped me onto the seat though.

"Now just slide over to the middle and I can get in," he said.

My feet hardly touched the floor but I wiggled over to the middle. I didn't raise myself up much though and as I slid, my skirt spun right around on my waist, leaving the vent over my right thigh. I started giggling over how silly I must have looked with my whole leg exposed like that. Then Jeff got in before I could straighten it around. Oh well, I thought, it's kind of dark except for those dash lights. I don't think he can see much.

"Okay then, are we ready to go Katie?" said Chad.

I leaned back on the luxurious seat, looked at Chad, turned my head and looked at Jeff, and said, "I'm ready," and took a big sip of my drink that Jeff had brought.

"I'm really feeling this one," I thought to myself. "I better slow down or I won't be able to tell Chad where to go."

"Just head on down 13th Street past Main. That will get us there," I said to Chad.

The rumble of that powerful engine as it growled out of the parking lot was making my insides shake. Not a bad feeling really, but it made me chuckle a bit as it tickled my butt too.

We were making small talk about our homes and stuff. Chad told a silly joke and Jeff laughed and put his hand on my exposed leg. It felt warm and nice so I didn't say anything. I just looked at him out of the corner of my eye. He was watching out the window and kind of smiling to himself. Every once in a while, I felt him give my leg a little squeeze and stroke. It still felt nice.

Since I had told Chad what dorm I was in, I laid my head back on the seat cushion and closed my eyes. My left foot was up on the tunnel I think they call it, and my right was in the foot well with Jeff's big feet. He was stroking my leg from my knee to mid-thigh and it was starting to make me a feel a little horny. I was thinking about a long shower before bed and slowly pinching my nipples and stroking my pussy so I would sleep soundly.

I felt the car bump over the parking lot entrance and opened my eyes. I reached up and stretched saying, "Oh, thank you for the ride Chad." I leaned over and gave him a kiss on the cheek.

"Hey," said Jeff, "I'm the guy who talked him into bringing you home." He was actually pouting.

"Oh, you can have a kiss too Jeff," I said.

I leaned over to kiss his cheek and just as I got close, he moved his head around and the kiss landed right on his lips!

Chad huffed and said, "I didn't get kissed on the lips, and I drove the car!"

"Oh you guys," I giggled, and leaned back to Chad to make things even with a kiss on his lips.

When my lips touched his, he put his hand to the back of my head and held me there. I felt his tongue slide between my lips and we kissed longer, my tongue dancing against his. I felt my nipples again begin to swell and get hard against Chad's chest. This was getting to be more than I bargained for.

When we broke away, my eyes staring into Chad's eyes, I heard Jeff say, "Now just a minute! That's not entirely fair!"

"Oh God you guys! What are you trying to do to me!" I was blushing horribly I know, my sweater had ridden up to expose my tummy and my skirt was doing I didn't know what!

"This is the last one," I said as I leaned over to kiss Jeff. "Then I have to go in!" My nipples were tingling and my pussy was getting soaked. I could feel the moisture on my panties and my thighs.

Kissing Jeff, our tongues entwining, I felt a hand on my left boob, rolling my hard nipple between its fingers. Chad had reached over and was fondling me. "Oh God," I thought as I squirmed on the seat. Jeff's hand, which had never left my thigh, was now within an inch of my pussy, stroking and kneading. I just knew the guys could smell my excitement.

"You know. You kissed him a lot longer than you did me Katie," said Chad. 

I just leaned my head back, turned it toward him and let him kiss me. At least it got attention off of my breast as he held my chin in his hand. Looking me right in the eyes, he said, "You're a beautiful girl and such a good sport."

I surrendered to his lips and as soon as I did, his hand went back to kneading my breast and rolling my nipple through my sweater and bra. "Your nipple is hard Katie. I think you're liking this," he whispered before his lips closed on mine again.

Just as Chad's and my lips touched, I felt Jeff cup my moist pussy mound, rubbing lightly and pressing my lace panties between my outer lips. I think I jumped a bit and my legs spread out reflexively, allowing his hand full contact with my pussy.

I moaned into Chad's lips and felt his hand leave my breast, stroke down to my now bare tummy and press upward on my skin to again cup my full breast. He kneaded it mercilessly as our tongues pressed together. Then with a quick movement, he raised my bra up over my boob, twisting and pinching my bare nipple lightly.

I was gasping and tingling as our lips parted. Feeling a hand on my chin, it turned my head back to meet Jeff's lips in a long, tongue-sucking kiss again. He dropped his hand again to my pussy, rubbing more insistently, his long finger sliding between and pressing onto my clit. 

Chad, at the same time, lifted my sweater up, fully baring my breast and began kissing and sucking my nipple, taking it fully into his mouth. The feelings were intense and I could feel myself trembling between their ministrations. I became a cauldron of heat as they assaulted my pussy and my breast.

I was lost and they knew it. My hands were raised and my sweater was lifted up over my head with my bra following it. Chad caressed my right boob as he kissed, licked and sucked my left one. Jeff had my skirt up over my hips, raising my pantie away from my pussy and touching my bare skin. His thumb circled my clit as his finger began to ease into my wet hole. In and out he pressed.

I simply leaned back, kissing one and then the other as the heat and passion built up inside me. I began to feel a deep trembling and shaking inside. Jeff's finger was sliding into me and both my tits were on fire from Chad's kneading and pinching. I felt close to cumming but I was also thinking in the back of my mind, what nice girl lets this happen?

I heard Jeff calmly say, "Turn around a little Katie. Lean back against Chad for a minute."

I let them slide me around and then found Jeff kneeling on the floor. "Lift your butt up just a little bit," Jeff said. He slid my panties down my trembling thighs as I dreamily complied. Sliding them off one foot at a time, I think I saw him put them in his front pocket. He bent my knees up and spread my legs with my right leg against the back of the seat. Then his face was between my legs, licking and kissing my upper thighs, brushing across my open pussy.

Chad had positioned himself angled so both of his hands were cupping and stroking my boobs, his tongue licking and kissing the side and back of my neck and biting lightly on my ear lobe.

Jeff's tongue finally slid against my clit, sucking it between his lips and biting lightly as I felt my orgasm begin. I bucked and pressed my thighs to the side of his head, holding him tightly against me. I felt his tongue slide into my pussy and stay there as my shaking continued. I heard someone screaming out in release and realized it was me.

As my trembling began to fade, I heard Jeff say, "Katie, turn over and get your knees under you." Groggily and shakily I rolled and was about to put my head in Chad's lap when I saw he had his cock out of his pants. It was long and beautiful. Its head appeared purplish and was leaking pre-cum from the tip.

"Katie," said Chad in a low voice, "I think there's something else that deserves a kiss if you don't mind."

I put my hand around the base of his cock and slowly stroked up and back down, following my hand with my lips. I kissed and licked his wonderful cockhead before sliding my lips down until I felt it at the back of my mouth. I heard him gasp as I raised my head and then drove it back down, dragging my teeth lightly along its length.

Jeff, in the meantime, had lifted my skirt up over my ass and was pressing his finger into me again, curling it just right so it hit my special spot. My hips were bucking back to him as I felt his body raise up between my spread thighs. Just as Chad's cock slid into my throat a little, I felt a pressure at the opening to my pussy as Jeff's cock began to enter me. He pressed in a bit, pulled out and, with a mumbled something to Chad, he fucked his cock deep into my yielding flesh. I screamed a little around Chad's cock and felt his hand on the back of my head, pressing his cock deep into my throat.

I felt in orgasmic Heaven as both of these hard cocks fucked me. Jeff began slow and was soon jack-hammering into my inflamed, wet pussy. Chad had both hands on my head, moving it up and down as he fucked into my throat. He was considerate enough to let me breathe, but I still felt tears on my cheeks and was close to gagging many times.

Just a few minutes and I sensed Chad's cock expanding even more. "I'm going to cum Katie, and I'd rather not have stains on my car seat, if you understand me," he grunted. Without waiting for a response, he pressed my head deep down onto his cock as it exploded in my throat. His cum pulsed out and shot down my throat and into my stomach. I swallowed as fast as I could, but some was still spurting and leaking out from my lips. Licking and swallowing, I got as much of his cum cleaned up as I could, stroking the length of him for every last drop. I laid my head on his thighs as I held his softening cock.

Jeff began shorter and faster strokes inside me and then pushed as deep as I've ever felt, holding himself there. I could feel his cock spurting and pulsing as his cum shot deep into my pussy. He seemed to cum forever as my tingling increased, my pussy walls spasmed again and again as I came hard around his wet cock. I felt like my pussy was squeezing his cock inside me as my muscles clenched and my stomach tightened up.

Jeff pulled out slowly and when he was almost out, he fucked back into me with one final push. A moan escaped my lips as he did finally pull all the way out, some of his cum and my juices flowing down my thighs.

Collapsing on the seat with my head in Chad's lap and my legs across Jeff, both of them stroked my now sweating body. My breathing eventually slowed to normal and I felt as satiated as I ever have.

Sitting up between them I shyly looked from one to the other as they adjusted their clothes. "Could I have my sweater back please?" Chad said, "Sure, for a kiss!"

"Isn't that where this all started?" I said.

We all three laughed and I gave both of them a long, lingering kiss before pulling my sweater back on over my head.

Finally dressed, I shyly said, "Thank you for the ride," got out of the car behind Jeff and slowly walked to my dorm entrance, trying to adjust my skirt. I heard the car rumble up beside me and through the open window heard Chad say, "We'll need to do this again very soon Katie," as they drove off into the night. It was then I realized that I didn't have my favorite bra and pantie set.