 My body craved sleep and rest. Saturday morning at ten a.m., it still needed more as the week's events had taken their toll on my body. Unfortunately, rest was not to be had. "Honey, come on, wake up. I've been up since eight getting ready for the party. Let's get a move on," Katie stated loudly as she grabbed one of my hands and pulled me towards the edge.

 "What party are you talking about," I asked slowly as I retraced my memory cells to try and determine what I'd obviously forgotten.

 "Ughh, you were dozing off when I talked with you last night. Do you remember any of it?" Katie impatiently asked.

 "Of what?" I responded while trying to rub the heavy sinking feeling from my eyelids.

 "The party!" Katie repeated.

 "Whose party and where are we going?" I asked.

 "We are not going anywhere silly. The party is here. Do you remember anything about our discussion last night about Niya and Raj?"

 "I remember you talked to her, and then we went to bed."

 "So you don't remember talking about hosting a party for them?" Katie asked.

 "Nope. And why would we be hosting a party for them?"

 "Ohh, I could slap you right now. So after a bit Niya told me that she and Raj are saving themselves for each other, but wanted to have an advanced sexual knowledge so when they do make love for their first time it is beyond amazing. I think you alluded to this earlier. Isn't that cute? She asked for ideas, and said they are open to training or experiences with other people, provided the two of them don't cross the boundary with each other until after the special day. We talked about massages, but that's not really the same, or hiring escorts, and that seems weird."

 "What dose Niya want?" I interrupted Katie.

 "Well, I think maybe she's a touch more experienced then Raj, but really she wants both of them to be sex experts, and relish each other after they exchange vows," Katie let me know.

 "No, what I mean is how does Niya think the two of them should become experts?"

 "By using others to teach them. She gets that reading or watching porn doesn't quite do the trick and was turned off by the choking and gagging that is in much of the porn on the web. So I proposed an idea."

 "What? That we teach Raj and Niya about the joys of sex?" I asked.

 "Well, kind of, but not just us. Instead we have people over and each person gets to educate them sexually," Katie advised.

 "Tonight? Isn't that jumping the gun? They haven't even really had time to process the idea. And who are these 'people?'"

 "Shit honey, don't you remember the list we went over last night? Remind me to never discuss stuff with you when you're 'just resting your eyes a bit.' Did you even know I was on the phone last night calling people for almost forty-five minutes?"

 "Sorry love. I was damn tired. Thought you would have known I was asleep. So us, Raj, Niya, who remember I've never met, and maybe one or two other people?" I inquired.

 "Here is the list: Dalilah, Anna, Raj, Niya, Gloria, Reggae and Evelyn and us. So just nine of us, and a bit female heavy. I thought about inviting Rosie as I think she'd be fun to play with again, but then her boyfriend would join us and possibly the others at Dalilah's place. They're fun, but I don't know if they would be sensitive to seductively educating Niya and Raj. Is there anyone else you'd like to invite love?"

 "Shit honey, nine people. Basically, we are having an orgy. Holy shit. This takes the cake. Are you sure Niya and Raj are fine with this? He and I work together."

 "Gloria and you work together too. Didn't seem to cause you any hesitation in fucking her, in fact, haven't you fucked her several times now?" Katie fired back.

 "It is just all so sudden. How is everyone going to fit here? And is it just like the guys line up and fuck Niya while the girls all screw Raj?" I returned.

 "Jesus, calm down. It has to be intimate. My thought is we get Niya and Raj naked, and we start things slowly. Maybe have each person individually show them a foreplay trick or two, and slowly build up steam. But separate them before there is any actual intercourse involving them. We can have Niya in the upstairs bedroom, while Raj can be entertained in the downstairs guest bedroom and I'm sure all the others will play with one another so the living room will be turned into a play room."

 "Wow!" I exclaimed. "And tonight, really?"

 "Yes. Aren't you excited. I'm already wet. Evelyn said they just got new mattresses so we are going to have two queen sized mattress to play on the living room floor. I'll get some decorations, but I want you to run out to pick up some booze and I've ordered some finger foods at the deli. If you can run and get those, and help me clean up and decorate we'll be ready in no time. Maybe we can even have an early private dinner out with just the two of us? Sound good?" Katie asked.

 "Sure. Shit, I need to shower and grab some coffee," I answered. I headed to our restroom with the feeling that I must be in a dream, but it sure seemed real. This would be my, and our, first orgy, or sexual training session as Katie had taken to calling it, and even I was nervous.

 I took a quick shower, gulped down some premade coffee and headed out the door with Katie's list. Red and white wine, gin, tonic, vodka and a few mixers. She explicitly advised no beer as she didn't care for the taste of beer on another's mouth. After the liquor store, I swung by the deli and picked up a few trays of finger sandwiches, cheese and meat cuts and various desserts. This was all taken home and I somehow managed to get it up to our apartment in one trip.

 When I walked in the door, I was greeted by Katie, Evelyn and Reggae. The three were moving around the mattresses and trying to find the ideal layout. Katie had hung various sheets of material around our living room so it appeared to be surrounded by curtains, and light bulbs had been replaced with dark violet bulbs giving the place a sexy vibe. Added to this were at least twenty electric candles, which flickered seductively.

 "Well done. Looks like someplace far from the home I left," I told Katie. "Hey you two. Appreciate your help with organizing this event."

 "Good to see you man," Reggae stated as he reached out and shook my hand. "You know, up high in one of our closets we have a fog machine. Might add a mysterious and provocative look. If y'all are interested, I could run over and grab it, but might need some help getting it down."

 "Yes, that would be great," Katie quickly answered. "I can help you get it. Honey, maybe Evelyn and you could take a look at the bedrooms. I haven't done much, but think they need something a little more and we'll go retrieve the fog machine." With that Katie and Reggae hightailed and left the apartment.

 "Quite the sudden party I hear?" Evelyn questioned.

 "Yeah. I think Katie got a little carried away. I guess we'll see how it goes," I replied.

 "Have you ever hosted an orgy before?" Evelyn asked.

 "No. Never hosted and never attended. So yes, I'm a bit nervous. You?"

 "I've been to a couple. Prefer small gatherings. Other than a few hello's in the hallway I don't think we've ever been properly introduced. Hi, I'm Evelyn." I stuck out my hand, but she pushed it away and gave me a close embrace. "Do you mind if I give you a kiss?"

 "Ah, sure, I guess seeing as we'll all be naked and having a little fun in a few hours," I responded. She closed the gap between our faces, and started to gently kiss me. Her lips were plump and magnificently soft. They felt heavenly against mine, and a seconds later she casually parted them. We kissed for a bit with open lips, but nothing more.

 "You smell good. There is something about you that makes me feel almost dizzy. Ready for another kiss?"

 "Sure," I answered simply. This time we started with our mouths open, and quickly our tongues were galloping into each other's mouth. After a long succulent kiss, Evelyn paused again and for a while just stared into my eyes as she ground her crotch into my loin.

 "We are going to make some sweet love tonight. Should we chance one more kiss, and then inspect the bedrooms?"

 "Sure," I repeated. This time our kiss was instantly passionate, and our bodies ground into one another. Her hands drifted downwards to tease my hardening cock, and fondle my ass. I did the same to her, but instead of her ass I squeezed and pulled on her breasts. They were cantaloupe sized, and her nipples visibly stuck out. She had on a pair of jean cut-offs. I wanted to dip my fingers into her, but thought it best to wait. This kiss lasted over a minute and ended with me raring to go.

 "Whew, I think the barometer just went up several bars. We better stop or who knows what might happen," Evelyn advised as she pulled back from me. "Shall we examine the upstairs bedroom first?" she asked while leading me to our stairwell with her hand and not waiting for an answer. When we entered the room, I was surprised. It had been stripped of our knickknacks and white gauze hung down around the bed. "I think we just keep it simple, more fake candles, a few scented ones, a bowl of condoms and maybe a healthy pile of hand towels. What do you think?"

 "Sounds good. I have a wireless speaker we can hook up to an ipad and play some soft music too," I recommended.

 "Ohh, I like it. Come here for a moment, and lay down on the bed," Evelyn stated. I laid down on my back, and she did the same right next to me. "What would you think about putting a mirror up there? I have a plastic light weight one, that we could easily screw in."

 "You're full of good ideas," I complimented her.

 "And then people can watch both ways. So if I was on top of you cowgirl style, like this, you'd be able to see much more." As she said this, Evelyn climbed on top of me, leaned her back towards my feet and parted her legs. It gave me an excellent view of her inner thighs, and sparsely covered vagina. "Or, if I just rode you on top, so we could kiss while screwing, you'd be able to look up and see my ass." As she finished with this statement, I could feel the warmth of her breath on my face, and her mound pressed against my dick. This time I initiated things, by putting my hands on her cheeks, and pulling her in for a kiss.

 It was the random spark tossed into a cloud of gasoline vapors, and resulted in immediate flames of lust. Our mouths opened, and tongues collided as we fiercely ground into one another. I worked one hand down her pants, and squeezed her firm ass. The kiss continued on, and I rolled her over and pressed one of my legs between her silky thighs. I eased my right hand up her inner thigh, underneath her cut-offs and was greeted by her pussy.

 "No panties?" I asked while momentarily breaking our kiss.

 "Never," Evelyn replied and pulled my face back to her waiting lips. Her pussy was flush with moisture. Two fingers were pushed up into her, then brought back out to dance around her clit. She had managed to push her hand down my shorts and was firmly stroking my cock. "Are you going to fuck me tonight with this?" she asked while rubbing her thumb through the precum flowing from my cock.

 "Yes. Madly," I answered and briefly returned to our kissing before Evelyn pulled back.

 "Show me your cock please. I want to see it while the room is still light." I got up on my knees, between her thighs and after unbuckling my shorts pulled out my dick. "It's beautiful," Evelyn added. "Do you like how my pussy looks?" she stated whiling pulling aside the crotch of her shorts to expose herself.

 "It looks so edible, and really makes me want to fuck you right now," I replied. While doing so, I bent down a little, so I could drag my cock head through her parted lips.

 "Do it. Let your cock feel my pussy. I get very wet," Evelyn offered. Slowly, I eased myself into her then lowered myself down so we could resume kissing. For several minutes, we slowly fucked as our tongues chased one another from mouth to mouth. "We should stop now; don't you think?" Evelyn asked when we paused for a breath.

 "No," I firmly replied and shoved my dick far up into her.

 "Oh, god, yes," was Evelyn's response as I continued to thrust into her. I could feel myself getting that tingling feeling and realized we should save it for later.

 "Your right," I declared, pulled out and stood up with my cock bobbing in front of me.

 "I don't want to stop either, but it will make tonight even better. I'm going to make the other girls jealous cause I'm going to screw you over and over." Evelyn retreated from the bed, but parked herself directly in front of me, lowered her mouth down and sucked my cock clean. Holy shit, we were in for some fun fucking tonight I thought. After cleaning me up, she tucked my meat back in and walked out of the bedroom saying, "Let's check on the other bedroom."

 We both walked downstairs and tried to judge the atmosphere of the made up guest bedroom. It was hard, continually our hands found the other person's body and were quick to further explore their sex. My fingers were made sticky again, and once again, while standing I penetrated her with my cock. The sound of the door opening, and Reggae and Katie returning, caused us to cease our play and take a moment to calm down. I returned my cock to my pants, as Evelyn escaped to the restroom to freshen up.

 When I walked out the spare bedroom, Reggae was holding a long cylindrical device, along with a gallon of fluid. His forehead also had a glimmer of perspiration on it. Katie's cheeks were blushed, several stands of her hair were floating free from her ponytail and there was a wet spot in the crotch of her shorts. She'd gone over in a pair of dark pink cotton shorts, and a white cotton tank top. The shorts were tight, and short such that the base of her ass was exposed, and the dark part of her nipples showed through her top. I'd no doubt the two of them had also fucked around.

 "So we checked it out at our place. Took a while to warm up, but once it did clouds of fog were pumped out. Maybe I'll stick it in the bedroom down here and get it running just before the party starts," Reggae advised. "Hey apricot, we should get running if we're going to finish those errands you talked about. So how about we get back around seven-thirty?"

 "Perfect," I answered. When Evelyn turned to say goodbye, I noticed she too sported a wet spot in her shorts, but it was considerably larger.

 "See you soon, and thanks for everything," Katie added. The couple waived goodbye and exited our home.

 As soon as they left I called Katie over and asked her to take a seat on the couch. "Why is your pussy so wet and already staining your shorts?" I asked her.

 "I, I don't know. I'm just excited about our party I guess," she answered. After her answer, I pushed her legs apart and kneeled between them. Abruptly, I pulled the crotch of her tight cotton shorts and panties sideway exposing her pussy. "Look at you. Pussy juice all over." I brought the palm of my hand up against her vagina and firmly rubbed her clit with my palm.

 "Oh, Jesus honey, what are you doing?" Katie asked, but couldn't help herself as she voluntarily spread her legs wider and pushed her pussy up against my palm. "Did you let Reggae play with your pussy?" I asked and as I did so I shoved three fingers up into her soaked cunt.

 "Oh fuck honey. Fuck fuck," Katie squealed, then answered, "He was holding my bottom so I wouldn't fall when I pulled the fog machine out of the top of his closet, and his fingers kept sliding up. Oh goodness, that feels, feels good. Then they were touching the outside of me. I tried to pretend I didn't notice, but would twitch and moaned once. After I pulled out the machine, I took a step down the step ladder, and he moved his fingers so there were on the hem of my crotch. Put another in me. Please babe, I'm so horny," Katie pleaded.

 "What happened when you stepped down?"

 "His fingers just slid up and into me. First just one, but then more, ohhh yes, yes babe, fuck my slutty pussy." Katie was starting to gasp and moan loudly so I pulled my hand away. "No babe, don't stop now."

 "Did he just finger you or did he fuck you?"

 "After fingering me, I just need it so I pulled down my shorts and stuck out my ass. He just pulled out his dick, it was black and big and started fucking me," Katie iterated. As she did so I pulled out my cock and began to fuck her fiercely.

 "How did he fuck you?" I asked.

 "Yes, babe. There you go, fuck your slutty wife. My pussy is so hungry for cock. Ohhh, yes. You feel so good. Yesss, fuckkkk me. He fucked me from behind, ouhh, there and spun me around, picked me up by my ass, and fucked me, ohh, oohhh yes, fucked me hard against the wall. Ohhh, almost there, ooohhhhh, yes. I can feel it coming, almost here. Fuck me hard honey," Katie begged. Instead I pulled out. "Noooo!!!" Katie howled in protest.

 "You have to remember the rules Katie. What the hell am I going to do with you?"

 "Love, I just get so horny. I'm yours though. You can fuck me anytime or do anything you want with me."

 "Stay here, and don't move," I ordered. Next, I sprinted upstairs and dug through our toy collection. Not finding all that I needed, I went into our closet and retrieved a few necessary items and returned to Katie.

 "What are you doing?" Katie inquired when she saw me with the cuffs, rope and belts.

 "Tying you up. This way if someone fucks you I'll know about it, and stop it if I disapprove."

 "This is crazy," Katie declared loudly.

 "Who just said I can do anything with them?" I'd handcuffed her hands together, then moved her so her head was at the far end of the couch. I pulled her arms above her head, looped a belt through the handcuff chain and fastened it to the back couch leg. Right afterwards, I pulled off her shorts and panties. Next, I looped one end of a rope around her ankle several times, secured it then pulled her whole leg up until her heel was on the back edge of the couch. The end of the rope was tightly tied to the far back leg. Finally, I pulled her free thigh up so her knee was next to her face, then looped a belt around so it circled both her head and leg, then buckled it. Katie was now bound to the couch, with her arms up, legs parted and pussy wide open for use. One final touch, I pushed my hands up her chest and pulled down her tank top to expose her succulent tits.

 "Perfect," I announced. "Now anyone who wants to fuck or play with you can, but this way I can monitor my toy. People can walk up, rub your pussy nice and slow like this, finger you or more." I spent a little time doing both, then brought my cock up to her entrance and fucked her for a few strokes. "Shit honey, I forgot a couple of important things. Be right back."

 Again I dashed upstairs to our bedroom, and returned briefly. This time with a couple of vibrators, a small cat-o-nines and our largest dildo. "Some people might just want to play with you," I advised then took the smallest vibrator, turned it on and started rubbing it across her nipples. Once they were hard I slowly brought the head down to her clit and teased it for a minute, and stopped.

 Katie was rapidly panting in short abrupt breaths. "Jesus honey, please please fuck me. Oh fuck fuck I need it." I couldn't believe how her desires had transformed her.

 "Well love, I can't right now. I need to finish getting everything ready for the party. There is lots to do, especially with you all tied up."

 "Maybe you could call Evelyn and Reggae and see if they could pop over and help," Katie suggested.

 "You'd like that wouldn't you. I don't think Reggae would be much help to me right now. I bet he'd whip out his big cock really quick, and start fucking you like this," I answered and proceed to again fuck my wife, but pulled out after a minute.
