 Being recently separated from my Wife of twenty years was rough on me. After we had parted, I set her up with a friend of mine. Knowing she was in the arms of another man eased my burden for needing to continue to look after her. I myself needed time by myself. For the first time in my life, I did not look at every pretty girl with thoughts of bedding her. Taking this time for myself seemed to lead me into depression, rather than being any sort of Zen cleansing as I had hoped. I drowned myself in my work. In the month following my separation, I completed more engineering designs than the entire previous year.

The quantity of work I produced, in addition to the intricate details included, found favor with the President of our company. I was given a month to finish up my current projects, then was being sent to South Florida and the Caribbean on an extended assignment. The associated work for the trip was minimal, spaced with excessive leisure time. As he had scheduled a week on more than one island with no associated work, it was clear that I was being sent on a forced vacation.

I began the planning process with a working lunch between my secretary and I. This was mostly an informational meeting for me. Edy was always far ahead of me in knowing corporate direction and planning accordingly for them. She laid out for me our itinerary with tickets, hotel suites, and transportation all booked. I say our, because Edy informed me that she would be escorting me.

She assured me that Mr. Iverson, the President, had approved the arrangement. She also assured me that her husband could use the time apart. Finally she informed me that I needed someone to take care of me. This was emphasized with her nylon covered toe tracing the inside of my calf seductively. Looking over her bookings, I began to question each stay having only one hotel suite, her finger touched my lips, shushing me but done so in an erotic fashion. I began wondering who worked for who as Edy continued to inform me that I was to be at her house the following day, Saturday, no later than 10am; "where I will give you further instruction."

Pulling into Edy's driveway, my ponderings as to whether this would be more of a personal visit were squashed, seeing her husband Mike wave to me. At the corporate picnics and Christmas parties where Mike and I had previously met, we had got along well. This morning he welcomed cheerfully wearing swim trunks and sandals; "Edy forget to tell you to bring trunks?"

Edy, being all hearing, stepped out of the door clad in a lovely bikini with a cold beer in hand for me; "Do I ever forget a detail." "Mr. Vandenberg is here to be instructed in Caribbean etiquette." "Now be a good host, Mike, and establish the proper attire." Apparently our day would be "clothing not optional," as he led me to the back yard obediently removing his trunks. 

Edy stepped forward turning and asking if I could help with her top? It was a pleasure removing her bikini top. Edy grew up in Puerto Rico, she was very pretty; dark olive colored skin, long curly black hair, small but firm breasts, and an ass to die for. She was pretty, but it was her attitude that stuck in your mind. She wore her skirts skin tight, knowing the perfect stances to show off her ass. She was quick to include tongue rolls, for exotic emphasis to her accent. 

She used her island sex appeal to her advantage. An example would be seducing Mike, a Navy officer almost 20 years her senior. Her gorgeous body attracted many men. Her virginity, however, was held. It secured the promise of marriage, a house on the main land, in a suburb, and with a pool. She lived in comfort as she continued to build a career.

Taking a seat in the shade, I felt a sense of pride in seeing the nipples that I had just helped to uncover. They matched what I had imagined almost exactly. Her breasts were very firm, appearing to be held up and out by an invisible force. Edy's nipples were luscious, retaining a puffiness of youth, as she was barely 20. There darkness, almost brown, was new to me. My wife had been blond haired and blue eyed with pale pink pussy and nipples. Dina was very sexy, but almost the opposite of this Latin beauty.

She stood before me, looking me over hungrily. The oddity of this did not escape me, as she was extremely hot and I had never considered myself the least bit attractive. With her Office Manager efficiency she informed me of the day's agenda: 

"I will remove your clothes so you can acclimatize to nudity. You and Mike together will remove my bikini bottoms. Like handing over the keys to a car on loan, Mike will release me into your care. The rest of the day and until we return home, I will serve you. We have YOUR favorite beer. We have YOUR favorite steak. We have YOUR favorite pipe tobacco. Who touches these breasts, slaps this ass, or fucks this pussy, is all up to you!"

Having established a mood of transformation, Edy began removing my clothes. Standing before her, I could feel the weight of cares removed from me with each article of clothing that she took from me and handed to Mike. With my shirt now off, her hands explored my chest working their way down to my belt. While undoing my belt and pants, her kisses followed the path that her hands had just established. Though she took her time and lingered, paying special attention as she released my cock, it was done all too soon. The feeling was amazing and freeing as a breeze blew across my testicles.

Edy pointed out to Mike that he needed to learn such self-control. She drew attention to the fact that his cock was standing at attention while mine maintained a sense of mature dignity. "Look how big and self-assured his cock is, compared to your little boy begging for attention Mike."

Feeling for him, I spoke up that "Mike's cock is quite impressive and having such a sexy wife, it is no wonder he is so hard."

Mike however, demurred "She is right, your cock is very impressive. I wish mine was even close to that size."

As Mike and I knelt to remove her bottoms, I willed my cock to not get hard, wishing to maintain that faux air of being in control. My eyes explored this sexy Latino, as we jointly exposed her ass and pussy. Her pussy was very lovely, a full dark bush, nicely trimmed. Trimmed just enough to not poke out from her tiny bikini bottoms and enough to reveal her beautiful dark pussy lips. Edy's ass was not big, but was certainly fuller than most Caucasian women, and stuck out slightly in an extremely attractive bubble shape. 

Mike's hands softly felt her ass and pussy, feeling the bronze skin. My mind began to picture her laying out in the nude, she obviously had no bikini lines in her tan. My thoughts were cut short by her sharp rebuke of Mike. "That is not your ass, nor your pussy, it belongs to Mr. Vandenberg!"

Mike was certainly within her control. It was quite obvious that it had not just changed with my presence. She had told me previously that Mike was the only man who she has had sex with, but it sure seemed that he was a cuckold in training. Her words suggested that I was in control, her tone however, indicated that she was not accustomed to being submissive to anyone.

Taking that control, that she "said" I possessed, I told her "That is right, that ass and pussy is mine. As such, it is not your prerogative to chastise anyone for touching them!" I cut her attempt to argue short, pulling her over my knee and slapping her ass cheek soundly. "Mike, come over here and rub Edy's reddening ass." Her attempt to wiggle away from him brought my hand sharply against her other ass cheek. She laid across my lap, submissive to Mike's rubbing her ass cheeks and my hand feeling her pussy. 

Her pussy was warm and wet, her moans responsive to my fingers touching and entering it. She responded with "Yes, Sir" as I reiterated the day's agenda while fingering her tight little brown cunt: 

"You will bring me and Mike a beer upon request. You will fill and light our pipes. You will cook and serve our steaks. You will suck our cocks upon demand. You will take his cock or my cock in your pussy when I tell you. You will spread your gorgeous ass for my cock when I tell you."

As Edy ran off to get both of our pipes and tobacco, Mike explained why her "Yes, Sir" was slower and quieter concerning spreading her ass. Mike had been pressuring her to "give up your booty" from the first day of their honeymoon. She had denied all of his requests to fuck her ass.

Mike went into the house to take a piss just as Edy returned. I took this opportunity to firmly establish my control. As Mike stepped out of site, I bent her over a table. With a hand holding her long black hair and the other spreading her ass cheeks, I whispered in her ear; "If you are not perfectly obedient, if you do not suck my cock perfectly, if you do not ...., I will have my big cock buried in your tight, little, sweetly, puckered asshole." For emphasis I pressed my finger into her ass, my finger massaged and fucked her asshole. She squirmed, at first trying to get away, then pressing back against my finger taking it deeper. I did not remove it until I heard Mike's footsteps returning from his restroom run. "Make him proud!" I commanded as I slapped her ass.

A change came over Edy, she had always allowed men to think they were in control. Edy had previously established in her mind what she would provide to a man and what it would be costing him. She was a master at convincing men that her plan was there plan, what she wanted was what they wanted. She was now trying to protect her ass. Truly subservient, she waited on us anticipating our desires. Her breasts, pussy, and ass were always available to be ogled, fondled, or kissed. 

If I just hinted at wanting a blowjob, Edy was on her knees with my cock in her mouth. I had her stop short the first time but filled her mouth with my cum just prior to her serving us our steaks. Mike had not restrained, within seconds of her taking his cock in her mouth, he was shooting cum down her throat. She had his cock hard again within an hour, very impressive with him being over twice his age.

As the day turned into evening, Mike and I had become close friends. I shared with Mike how I would be fucking his wife over the following two months. I told him that I would send him pictures of her nude on the beach and in public. I would share pictures of her getting massages, the pictures showing both female and male hands caressing her body. I told him how I would send him pictures of my cock penetrating each orifice of her body. I also bent her over in front of him, inserted two fingers in her cunt, withdrawing them covered in her pussy juices showing him what a horny little bitch his wife was.

He shared with me stories of his life. How Edy had fulfilled his dreams. He shared his fantasies. He shared his secret fetish, Mike desired a golden shower. He had imagined a woman peeing on him. While on ship, it was a man standing in front of him, as he kneeled with piss splattering on his chest. Many times while he pissed, he pictured Edy bent over in front of him, while his piss streamed over her ass.

I instructed Edy to get down on all fours at the edge of the pool. On her hands and knees, Mike began pissing on her back, down to the crack of her ass, and back up even into her hair. I watched as she stayed put, desiring to get out from under his stream of piss. I watched his face, the ecstasy, him watching his own piss splatter over his wife. As the stream turned to dribbles, Edy dove into the pool, washing herself clean. 

He helped her out of the pool, kissing her passionately, thanking her. She as well had a permanent smile on her face. She had given him something she had previously refused. I joined in telling Edy, "You were amazing, but not perfect. You cleaned yourself prematurely." She offered penitence, as he sat in his lounge chair, she spread her legs backing up over the top of him. While he sat there staring at her gorgeous ass, she began pissing on him. Before she finished, I added my contribution. Scissoring her head between my legs, I sent a stream of piss over her back and ass, combining with her piss and pouring onto the chest of her husband.

The two of them were soon frolicking in the pool washing themselves clean of piss. He was obviously a happy man. She was more childlike acting her age than I had ever seen her. As I reached down, helping her out of the pool, she whispered in my ear, "I need fucked. Please, fuck me Mr. Vandenberg."

As I lit my pipe to relax, I commanded Edy to bring me some lubricant. They did not keep any in their house, thus the need to have her purchase Vaseline as a substitute. She was allowed to wear a small rain coat (not quite covering her luscious ass) into the 7/11, but nothing more. I was enjoying feeling in control. As an engineer I always controlled things, not people. People should be able to think for themselves. From a new perspective of controlling out of fetish rather than necessity, I began instructing Mike on lubricating Edy's asshole. Not so much on how to, but as to her need to submit.

I tasked Edy with lubricating my cock. She set about stroking my cock with Vaseline eagerly. A touch of fear concerning losing her anal cherry remained, but was drowned out by her excitement. While I sat reclined in my pool chair, Edy squatted above my cock with Mike helping to balance and hold her up. She had the responsibility of guiding my hard cock into her ass. With just a second of hesitation as my swollen cock head pressed against her puckered asshole, she pushed down taking the head past the sphincter. As I caught her hips in my hands, holding her from going deeper too quickly or from climbing off of me, a squeal escaped her lips.

My first assumption of pain appears to be incorrect as she began breathlessly talking to her husband: "His cock is huge!" "My asshole is stretched!" "Look at his big cock stretching my ass!" "My pussy, my pussy, lick my pussy!" Needless to say, he complied. As I slowly slid her ass farther and farther down on my cock, her husband licked her pussy. While she squirmed on my cock, pushing it deeper into her Puerto Rican ass, I felt his tongue start lapping from her clit all the way down to her stretched asshole.

After initial hesitation, his tongue was soon licking not only her pussy and ass hole, but more and more of my cock. It was not along before my balls were receiving the attention of his mouth at the southern point of his licking her pussy. It took her body beginning to quiver in orgasm for him to refocus on licking up her cunt juices which were flowing freely.

My hips began pushing harder and harder against her ass as her moans were replaced by screams of pleasure. Mike's tongue could not keep up with her bucking, leading him to fill her cunt full of cock before her orgasm began to fade. 

Edy's ass was heavenly, so tight, so warm, so receptive to my cock. It squeezed my cock from the tip of my cockhead to it's base as no pussy can. Mike licking only increased the pleasure. Finally a new sensation, Mike's cock fucking her pussy in time to the long, fast, and hard fucking that I was giving her ass. I was on the verge of filling her ass full of cum when Edy and Mike simultaneously began moaning in orgasm. His cock slamming into her caused the lounge chair to collapse, my ass hitting the ground hard. He did not miss a stroke, filling her pussy full of cum.

With an ass probably as soar as edy's, I dove into the water, washing my cock. I was not done, but needed a second to recover from bruising my tailbone. Emerging from the water to see Edy's pussy dripping Mike's cum was enough recovery for me. While Mike held Edy in his arms I entered her pussy. This would be the first of many times that I would feel her Latino cunt wrapped tightly around my cock. Mike encouraged me to fuck his wife. As the world faded to tunnel vision of orgasm, I heard Mike's promise: "Train her to truly be submissive over the next two months; she will be yours the first weekend of every month thereafter." I answered by adding my cum to his still flowing from her pussy and down my balls.