 The work week started up again and it seemed as though our weekend activities were almost a dream. Katie and I had spent some time alone discussing the events, and recalling it resulted in a couple of spontaneous sex sessions. She, nor I, appeared to have any regrets. If anything, Katie was anxious for our date with Dalilah to arrive quickly and she'd also mentioned giving Rosie a call.

I had two brief work trips, so wanted to push through them before setting up another body party. Additionally, I had some projects to set up for our friend Gloria. Monday morning brought with it a whole other show. Before I'd found my way to my desk, four co-workers had grabbed my arm and revealed they could almost see Gloria's nipples and she must have forgotten her bra. Obviously, it was the most exciting thing that had happened to them for some time.

When we crossed paths, I wasn't so thrilled. Her white blouse was thick, and at most it revealed a nice bounce when she walked and was a shade darker where her nipples laid. This was unacceptable. I had lunch alone, and drove to an internet bar to compose a guidance piece for her. It read as follows:

"You have violated the Committee's direct order and earned consequences. Your shirts shall be sheer. If not, your file will be released to the FBI and your parents at their work offices. Do not breach our accord again. Your social skills must improve. You would fail miserably if assigned to seduce key targets. The consequences will help remedy this. On Wednesday, just before lunch, ask Raj to assist you moving an item in the storage closet. Once inside, you will slowly unbutton your shirt, seduce him with kisses and then give him a complete blow job. On Thursday and Friday do not wear panties to the office. Your dress hem line shall be six inches above your knee. A gummie bear will be placed on your desk drawer on both of the above dates. Take the medicine at 4 pm as it will assist in your relaxation. On Friday, schedule a late meeting with your co-leader on the beta project in the Cobalt conference room. Beforehand, masturbate in the adjoining women's restroom to exaggerate your sexual attractiveness. During the meeting, apologize for your past behavior, advise that you want to work cooperatively, accidentally show your breasts and vagina. At the end, invite him and his wife to dinner. Your assignment is to seduce both of them within one month."

THE COMMITTEE

Screw the going slow part. I was going to find out quickly how fast Gloria would respond to a direct command. And a few people would benefit. Raj was one of our top programmers, but literally was unable to look Gloria in the eye out of shyness. I figured a little impromptu blow job might help his self-esteem.

The gummy bears would be fun. The first one just candy, but Friday might call for more so I'd gotten ahold of one with a little THC in its body. Yes, not so nice of me to give her a plain one first to get her confident in its lack of impact. Pot sure made Katie and I a bit more sexually forward, so now we'd find out if it had a similar effect on Gloria. And the Cobalt conference room was small, only had one small window with shutters, but did have a clear blue conference table to add to my viewing pleasures. The message was sent off for her to review later in the day.

The rest of the day was uneventful, and when I got home Katie called just as I stepped into the door. She'd been asked to help analyze data from a space probe as it neared one of Jupiter's moons and quickly accepted the 30-hour assignment. She was truly addicted to sex, but the same could also be said in regards to her love of the stars. Maybe someday I'd find a way to lace the two together for a long bright, star riddled, worn out kind of night. I chuckled at my thoughts, opened a beer and flicked through content empty channels. And then I went to bed. Ten hours of sleep sounded heavenly.

In the morning, I awoke with a charge and went into the office early as I'd had a few ideas regarding our playground project and wanted to crunch some figures on my thoughts before sharing them with the others. A few minutes after I arrived, Gloria walked in carrying her traditional latte, and god damn if her nipples didn't wink at me.

"Morning Gloria. Did you forget your bra? I could run and let you borrow one of Katie's. Think you two are about the same size by the looks of things." She glared at me.

"Some women prefer to go without a bra. Its liberating. Rather sexist of you to presume professional females have to confine themselves to a brassier," Gloria spat back. A rather poor attitude to show to someone that you'll be trying to seduce soon I thought.

"I was just trying to help out a friend," I replied.

She must have had the same thought I did. "I'm sorry. I haven't had any coffee yet. Do you think it's too much?" She then stuck her chest out actually showing off her tits as her nipples started to emerge from their earlier hibernation.

"No, not at all. They look, I mean you look great. Glad you feel confident enough to not wear something you find confining."

"Oh, sometimes it's nice to wear them. For special nights or public events," Gloria retorted. We drifted apart and went to our respective work stations.

I didn't get much work done the rest of the day. The work crew was even more a buzz about Gloria's tits. I'm sure she didn't get much work completed either as she seemed to constantly be interrupted with questions and people just plain staring away with lust. Evan Raj managed to question her about possible tweaks to one of their programming projects. Ah, poor Raj, soon he'd experience a day he'd never forget.

When I got home Katie was passed out and snoring. I cooked a quick meal for us, woke her and we ate in bed. We each had a beer, then she showered and prepared for bed which included panties, long bottom pj's and a t-shirt top. After she was snuggled back in bed, I rolled over to her side and gave her cheeks a few kisses.

"Katie, did you forget your promise?" I asked.

"Was I supposed to pick up something?" she asked almost with heavy eyelids.

"No. You get to sleep naked, if you need warmth, please use my body," I answered. I proceeded to slip off her pjs, underwear and top.

"I'm so tired honey. I just need to sleep. Tomorrow you can ravage me."

"Its fine love. Here why don't I give your body a rub down, it'll help you sleep deeper."

Gently I rubbed her shoulders, back, buttocks, hamstrings, calves and feet. Then I had her flip over and reversed course, but avoided her mound. When I got to her chest I couldn't help but give her tits a squeeze and tug her nipples, before proceeding up to her neck, cheekbones, skull and lastly her pouty lips.

When my fingers left her lips, she spoke up, "Come here and kiss me." She pulled me down to her face, wrapped her arms around my back and greeted me with open lips. Our kissing was slow and passionate. As the kissing grew longer, Katie pulled up her legs and encircled them around my ass. My cock was already hard and slowly entered into her moist folds. For ten minutes, we made love. It ended with Katie on top, riding me hard to a strong orgasm then collapsing. I grabbed her ass and humped up into her repeatedly until finding my own release. We fell asleep joined, with Katie on top and awoke in the same position hours later when my cock had again swelled. Katie used me for relief, after which we both drifted off.

The alarm blasted off far too early, but we enjoyed a cute shower together and talked about the weeks plans.

"I'd like a date night tonight," Katie announced while scrubbing my body with soap. "I can get off early, and want to have sex with you. It'll be a bit more passionate then making love. Think you two are up for it?" she asked as she soaped up my cock and balls.

"What can I do to help?"

"It's my turn to plan. You just show up and be ready. Maybe pick up a nice bottle of wine on the way home."

"Sounds good. Oh, and don't make any plans for Friday night. Looks like a work dinner, but I get to include you," I advised.

"Oh boy, I can hardly wait," Katie replied. "Maybe I should come up with a little distraction. What if Rosie stops by and needs us to service her?" As she mentioned this Katie dropped down to her knees and began to suck on my dick.

I let her tease me for a bit, then pulled away. "Why don't we save that for tonight?" She rose with a giggle, and we kissed.

Thirty minutes later, we were both out the door and off to our day pursuits. I arrived a touch late, but quickly found Gloria and she again had on a top sheer enough to easily locate her nipples. I smiled, and extended a greeting. It was returned nicely, but I did pick-up that she was nervous. For me the time seemed to fly by, but admit I was a bit distracted thinking about what Katie was up too, and how Friday would turn out. Gloria's next test would likely give me a firm idea.

At 11:45 I left my desk and walked back towards the assigned storage room. Next to it was a single restroom, which I entered and locked the door. I pulled a chair over to the wall shared with the storage room and quietly moved ceiling tiles. I'd purchased several micro cameras, and placed one carefully by punching a small hole through the tile and squeezing it in. A wire fed off of the camera, and back into the restroom which I plugged into an iPad. Once activated, it gave me a full view of the room in surprising detail. I waited.

Ten minutes later, I heard voices outside, then heard the door of the storage room open and close. I turned on the camera, and hit record. Next door stood Gloria and Raj, and the conversation was getting interesting.

"Raj, I don't need help moving anything. I need to ask you some questions. I've seen you looking at my breasts a lot recently," Gloria stated as she unbuttoned her blouse and exposed her tits. "Do you think they look funny or are attractive?"

Raj turned beat red and began to stammer. "No, no, no, they are very. They are attractive. I'm sorry if I offended you by looking. It won't happen again," Raj stammered out while not once taking his eyes off Gloria's exposed breasts.

"Do you think they are sexy?" Gloria asked as she placed her hands underneath her tits and raised them upwards.

"Oh, yes. Very sexy," Raj exhaled.

"Let me see how sexy?" Gloria asked then moved up to him, causing Raj to find his backwards escape blocked by a wall. She rubbed her tits against his chest while snaking her hand down his pants. "Your cock is so hard. I want to see it." Gloria slowly unbuckled Raj's belt, unbuttoned his slacks and slid down his zipper. With her other hand, she pulled out his hard skinny dick. 

"It's beautiful," Gloria exclaimed as she dropped to her knees and inhaled it. She was not a novice at cock sucking. A minute later Raj exploded into Gloria's mouth.

"Oh my God! What will my bride think? I have to go." Quickly he returned his manhood to his pants, turned around and departed. The speed with which Raj left seemed to have raddled Gloria as she stayed in place with a blank look on her face, while fumbling with her blouse buttons.

I quickly climbed the chair and pulled out the camera, stuffed it and the iPad in my briefcase after easing back the tiles into position. Quietly, I opened the restroom door, and made sure it closed without a sound then walked around a corner where I set down my briefcase. When I heard the storage door open, I hurriedly walked towards it to discover Gloria standing there with a shocked expression.

"What's going on?" I demanded of her.

"Nothing, I was just looking for graphing notebooks," Gloria answered.

"Why did Raj run out of here?"

"I don't know. Maybe I spooked him because he wasn't expecting anyone in there," she countered.

"Why is your blouse buttoned up crooked?" With this question Gloria's face changed completely and she turned beat red. "Come here. I'm going to show you something," I grabbed her by the elbow and lead her into the restroom. Once inside, I deliberately locked the door and guided Gloria in front of the mirror as I stood behind her.

"Look at yourself. What is this on your chin, and here on your forehead?" I asked knowing it was semen. I grabbed a tissue and handed it to her. "Clean yourself up."

She wiped the cum away, then took a paper towel, wet it with water and soap, and cleaned herself more. Once she was finished, I slowly unbuttoned her blouse and pulled it away from her tits. I cupped my hands around them and pinched her nipples. "Very nice, but I prefer my wife's." Slowly I properly buttoned her up. Once finished, I pulled my hands back and cupped her ass. "Hmm, maybe your ass is a bit nicer, but hard to tell with this dress in the way. Perhaps something to determine at a later date."

I spun Gloria around. "Don't fuck with Raj. He is engaged and fragile. If you are going to tease him or try to get him to do your bidding, then just publically fuck him. He's my friend. So stay away unless you want him to be your regular fuck." I walked out, around the corner to gather my briefcase and returned to my desk. Poor Gloria. I imagine she was probably going through a major mind fuck right now, and Raj no doubt was working doubly hard to convince himself the blow job was all a dream.

Around six I left the shop, stopped at a local wine shoppe and picked up a bottle of bubbles. I thought it might go with a sexy night, and possibly get Katie to replay the fucking she'd had just a few days ago. When I entered our door way, Katie greeted me stark naked except for a pair of five-inch black pumps.

"Hi honey. Tonight is all about sex, and one of the first things necessary for a great round of mind-blowing sex is a suitable packed belly." Katie kissed me, took the bottle from my hand and led me to the kitchen table. On it were two trays, filled with small plates that contained: shucked oysters, avocado bowls filled with shrimp, a steamed artichoke, peeled grapefruit laced with shredded ginger and mint leaves, grilled honey drenched peaches, strawberries atop mascarpone, assorted cheeses and a bottle of chocolate syrup. Next to the trays, were two small coffee cups filled with expresso.

"Can you please help me carry these to our bedroom," Katie asked as she grabbed a tray and headed to our bedroom. I picked up the other tray and followed. The bedroom was rearranged. The bed was pulled away from all walls so it sat in the center of the room, and was surrounded by all of our toys and massage oils. Katie left the room, but returned a minute later with the expresso, bubbles and two flutes.

"Tonight I am all yours." She slipped off her heels, plopped up onto the bed. She reached down and wrapped a locking restraint on each ankle so that one foot was at each corner. A wrist restraint was placed on her left hand, and with her right hand she pulled out a blind fold. "Can you please do the last lock? And put this on. I'm all yours to do with whatever you like. To feed, to drink, to fuck, to tease or if you want I can just sleep," Katie seductively instructed, while raising her right arm up. 

I walked over, locked in her hand, and put the blindfold on her. "First some food and drink." With my clothes on I carefully feed, and shared with her, the avocado, oysters, expresso and peaches. I popped the bottle, and poured a bit over her sweet tits just before attacking them with my mouth. "Does this make you think of something?"

"Yes. It makes my pussy wet." As she answered I disrobed. With my clothes off, I approached her, put my fingers around her cheeks and pinched in causing Katie's mouth to open up. "I want you to drink," I commanded as I filled her mouth with bubbles. She almost gagged, but managed to swallow it all. "Drink, again," I told her as I repeated the process.

When she finished the mouthful, I repeated, "Drink, again, but hold some in your mouth." This time I poured slow and encouraged her to sip and hold it. "Open your mouth now," I advised. As she did so, I straddled her and pushed my dick into her mouth. The tingling bubbles were felt briefly, then Katie began to suck in earnest so I pulled my cock out.

I poured more bubbles over her chest and again attacked her tits. "Why did you spill the champagne on your tits at Dalilah's?"

"To get things moving along. I was ready," Katie answered.

"Ready for what?"

"For sex."

"What did you think would happen?"

"That they'd fuck me. Probably all of them. I just didn't think it would be at the same time."

I hoped off the bed and grabbed a bottle of jasmine massage oil and continued my interrogation. "Did you want all three to fuck you?"

"Yes. I was so fucking horny."

"Does it make you horny thinking about it?"

"Yes. It seems almost unreal," Katie answered.

"What part are you thinking about now?"

"The feeling of Johnny's cock in my ass, and Chris' giant dick in me at the same time."

"Have you thought about it at other times this week?" I asked as I started dripping the oil onto Katie's naked body. Applying it liberally with lots between her thighs.

"Yes. Every day."

"What did you do when you thought about it at work when you were there all night?"

"I went to the restroom and masturbated."

"The shared restroom," I asked as I knew the data facility was contained and had minimal space.

"Yes. I just had to. It's all I could think about, and couldn't focus. After two orgasms it was much better, but I got some weird looks when I came out and accidentally left my panties in the stall." As Katie made her last revelation, I began to massage her breasts and thighs, with each stroke inching my hands closer to her pussy.

"Would you like to get caught? Dress hiked up, panties on the floor and your fingers deep in your pussy?" I asked and at the same time rubbed her mound with the heel of my hand, then shoved two fingers up her gash. "Do you think about someone opening the door just as your about to cum so you can't stop?"

"No. Usually I don't. Ah-ohhh," Katie seethed out as I attached my mouth to her pussy and started to fuck it with my tongue. I drew on her clit for a bit, pulled away and pushed my fingers back into her. "Oh shit. I like that."

"So sometimes you think about being caught?" I asked as I put more oil on my hand and started to fuck her with it.

"Ahhh, no. Slow, slow. Ahhh there. Push now. Ahhh, just once. Just once," Katie muttered.

"When?"

"The other night. I thought about getting caught. Ahhh, shittt, shittt. Getting caught and getting fucked."

"How many people were working?"

"Just ten, plus Linda and me. Oh good, good, good-that drives me crazy."

"You wanted them all to fuck you?"

"Jesus, honey. Ohh, god. Ohh god. I'm going to cumm." Just then I pulled away my fingers and stopped touching her. "What the hell. Stop teasing me, please."

I plugged one of our big massagers, and turned it on full blast. Gently, I buzzed the top portion across Katie's nipples, and teasingly slow brought it down to her mound, but stopped short. Her hips arched violently upwards, but I prevented any contact. 

"Tell me what you wanted to happen if they caught you?" I asked as I rubbed the vibrator on her thighs and jumped to her stomach.

"They'd make me serve them," Katie answered.

"How?" I inquired drawing the buzzing head within an inch of her opening before pulling it away.

"I'd have to please each of them. They would put me on a desk and have sex with me while everyone watched."

"Would they just touch you?"

"No. Please play with my pussy." Katie begged while lifting her ass a good foot off the bed to try and initiate contact.

"What did you think about when you came in the restroom?"

"About them fucking me. On the table, all the men screwing my pussy and cumming everywhere. Some fucking me twice. Then Linda licking me clean and having my professor take my ass. Jesus, it made me cum hard." Just then I put the buzzing head directly on her clit and held it there firmly. "Oh fuck, fuck. Shitttttttt," Katie gasped out. She was already perspiring and pulling against the restraints to expose herself fuller.
