 For a brief few seconds, Katie seemed to melt into my arms, but then her hands pressed into my chest and pushed me away. "I did. I wanted to know my limits. The eye was an accident, but the scratches and other marks were done by Gloria. She did what I asked her because I wanted to experience real pain while getting fucked and cumming. I knew you wouldn't understand."

I didn't. Before her I stood silent, although I'm sure my eyes spoke volumes. Instead, I mumbled weakly "Why? I don't understand."

"I don't either, but it is something I have to explore and I've never cum so hard in my life. I like it. Maybe more than like, and knew you wouldn't understand. Sex has many different faces, and some set me so free. I stop thinking and can just immerse in the pure physical pleasure, completely free of trying to figure out how to please or put a smile on the face of the person screwing me. I just let them fuck me and enjoy it. If they take pleasure from it so be it, but for me it is one of the rare times in my life where I have been selfish. Each different cock or tongue just brings me pleasure and I love when they cum on me. I don't care who they are as long as it feels good to me. Can you, can you understand the simplicity and beauty of that?"

Katie was a different person. I had no voice and didn't understand. Meekly, with my throat twitching I replied, "What about love?"

"What about it? When you toss off to a porno flick do you love the computer or actors? No, right? It's just a release. Very pleasurable, but purely a high empty of love and done so repeatedly. What is the difference if a real dick or ladies' lips are the device providing me with pleasure instead of an electronic screen?"

"But, it does," I responded simply. "I get it's fun sometimes to have sex with strangers, but there is a vetting process. There has to be an attraction, and beforehand some type of interaction so you know the person is safe and respects you."

"You can have people there to keep things safe or under control," Katie shot back. "Vetting? Are you serious? That's just your own psychological hang up. Why do you want to impose your view point on others?"

"I don't. I'm just saying for me, when it involves someone I love it does matter. And how would any bodyguard prevent someone from contracting AIDS if they don't even bother with a condom. You have to admit it's a little difficult to get a sex screen test from someone when the first time you meet them is at a fuck event."

"You're just locked into what your brain is telling you. Just listen, think about what others think. Jesus, show a little empathy. I'm just trying to tell you I enjoy doing what I did the last few days, and want to do more. I'm telling you this to be honest, and avoid any hurt feelings. You gave me a little push down this path, which I am thankful for, but I don't want to just stop because you are worried. Honey, I want to travel this road for a bit, and really if I thought it was truly harmful to you I would stop. If you just open your mind a bit I think you'll understand and appreciate my enjoyment."

"Jesus, no. Getting worried sick about you isn't enjoyment, and I really don't want to share my wife with the world whenever she feels like fucking it," I spat back. I walked into our living room and sat down heavily onto the middle of our couch and immediately began sliding my fingers through my hair. What a fucking mess I'd created, or we'd created. I just so badly wanted to wake up and realize this was all so crazy assed dream.

Katie followed me into the living room and sat down across from me in our lounge chair. She was wearing one of my old white dress t-shirts and looked great. She frequently wore such on Sunday mornings, without anything underneath and parading around me, showing off her assets while pretending to engage in trivial chores. Ultimately, I'd end up grabbing her exposed bits and we'd disappear down a rabbit hole for a few hours in a wild fuckfest. Now, those times seemed emptily distant, and it was obvious Katie wasn't wearing a bra.

"You've always been great with me at amusement parks. I remember the first giant rollercoaster ride I forced you on, and how after you barfed all over me I never asked you to ride with me again. Do you remember that?" Katie asked. "And afterwards you would always go with me to every amusement park, but skip pretty much all the rides. But you know what was great, every time I got off you'd be there, smiling so big at my silly ride thrill and I'd come and jump into your arms. My happiness just seemed to make you so happy. I guess what I'm trying to say is for me this type of sex is an amusement park ride. And I'm not stupid, I do get the risks, and take precautions," Katie stated softly.

"Sex can be just fun, but I guess when I hear about what you do at basically a gangbang it really concerns me. If I heard you wanted to ride a rollercoaster that had killed others I would have the same objections. When we set up our play rules the importance of them was that we agreed, we were a unit and the reason we had them was because of our love and respect. I feel like you've just decided to do whatever you like, regardless of how it impacts me."

"This isn't something I want to do every night, but it is something I want to experiment and play with. And I am being honest with you. I'm sure there's stuff you've done that you haven't shared fully with me. That is what I see as the real evil between us right now. I was wrong to do what I did with Reggae and his friends. I was too high and didn't let you know. I apologize for that, but it doesn't mean I can forget the joy I experienced. To do that, I would have to be dishonest with you and myself."

As Katie spoke she pulled up her knees to her chest, and tucked them underneath the t-shirt. While this blocked my view of her pointy nipples, it brought into view her naked bald pussy. While she looked innocent, I knew she knew exactly what she was displaying so worked at ignoring her and decided to also be fully honest.

"You're right about the lack of full disclosure. The same night Reggae organized the orgy with you I discovered something. Most of my time that night was spent with Niya. She just looked so beautiful and I was more than ready to screw her when she took me upstairs."

"I could tell sweetie. It was cute. Like a junior high prom date, and also I did know you two screwed each other silly. It's not like I thought you were just going to give her a massage," Katie replied.

"No, but what I didn't tell you was that as we screwed we didn't use any protection and, it was weird, I wanted to impregnate her. And she felt the same way."

"Wow, that's a big decision. You probably should have spent more time thinking about that—possibly getting your co-worker's fiancé pregnant without discussing such with him or your wife. But, you know, just the notion is actually kind of cute. I thought you didn't want kids? I know it is not anywhere on my wish list. This little pussy is purely for pleasure," and with that Katie reached her hand down to her vagina and scissored her outer lips with two of her fingers. She seemed to be trying to make light of our situation.

"I have never felt like that before with anyone. I can't really explain it, but yeah I did think about it and actually it kind of tickled me to think of Niya and I making a little one. It also made me think about what type of parent I would be. We hooked up after the party, talked more about our feelings, and had more unprotected sex."

"Wow. From party stud, type-A worker man boss to wanna-be-a-Poppa in one night. That's interesting. I could see you parenting with Niya. Did you think about how I would fit into the equation?" Katie asked with a rather calm expression on her face.

"Not really," I answered.

"Do you plan to just dump me because of my gangbang fascination?" Katie asked as she crisscrossed her legs to obstruct my view while expression became one of anger.

"I, I felt like you had already made the decision to dump me."

"Did I ever tell you that?" Katie asked.

"No, but basically you'd said to hell with the rules and decided to do as you pleased. That hurt, and in my mind crossed a certain line one doesn't cross unless they want to be single."

Katie stood up and walked over to the couch, and sat next to me. "If I ever feel that way, I will tell you. I am experimenting and enjoying it, but my love for you has never faded." She wrapped one arm around me, and leaned her head against my shoulder. "Do you really want to have kids, or were you just smitten with Niya? She is fucking hot. I'd fuck her if I had the chance."

"Yeah, I think so. It feels right."

"Funny. I like kids, but just don't have it in me to be a parent. Too selfish I guess. Is this your way of telling me you want a divorce?" Katie inquired.

"Ha! That's funny. Remember I was the one thinking you'd already made that decision."

"So where do we stand now?" Katie asked as she started to run her fingers through my hair and massage my neck.

"I guess we're clean. Well you need to get tested, but there's been full disclosure. I really don't know Katie. You don't seem so upset by me wanting to get another lady pregnant, but I just can't see how I can emotionally handle you being the center of gangbang with strangers. If it was several of our friends, and we coordinated it, then I'd be fine. But so many, and just people you don't know really scares me," I answered.

"I'm confused. You weren't concerned when I got fucked in the elevator with Dalilah by guys that were basically strangers. What's the difference?"

"I was there, and could monitor everything," I quietly stated.

"You didn't just monitor me did you?" Katie asked and moved to sit on my lap so she was now straddling me. "In fact, it made you really horny seeing your sweet wife getting fucked by a big fat dick. You wouldn't have stopped the show if Dalilah had stopped the elevator at every floor and had someone different fuck me would you?"

"Probably not," I answered honestly.

"So what's the difference as long as it's fine with me. It is my body, and you seem to get off on me getting fucked until I'm senseless. Don't you?" Katie pushed her head to the side of mine and started to whisper into my ear. "You like it when I start cumming so much I just want more and more. Isn't that right? More cocks, giant dicks, semen all over me, my body used, but always turning me on even more until I just cum and cum and cum. Getting so ratcheted up I become fine with anyone using my body. Ladies sucking on my clit or ass. Careless lads deriving pleasure from my little pussy. It just gets me so horny. And I know it gets to you too. I feel your cock hardening. Here let me show you something." Katie placed one of her hands on top of mine, grabbed it firmly and pressed it to her pussy. "Feel how wet and soaked I am just from this talk?"

I eased two fingers up into her, then regretted my action and quickly withdrew them, but she was right. Her pussy was drenched.

"Did you tell Niya you would leave me and take her as your wife?" Katie asked in a manner that resembled someone with a dual personality.

"No. She thinks it is important we talk and we have not discussed any relationship, except when we fuck we envision a pregnancy."

"Would she be fine with you fucking me or with me seducing you to the point where you must take me?" Katie inquired as she began to rub her vagina firmly against my crotch.

"We're just friends Katie. Albeit, friends with a crazy ass notion of making a baby together. We've not placed any boundaries around each other. Her concern was that you'd be worried sick," I fired out as I was starting to become annoyed with my wife.

"If you impregnate her, would you want her to move in with us?"

"Jesus Katie, we haven't talked about anything like that," I tossed back as I pushed her hips away so she couldn't press her naked vulva against my clothed dick. 

"If you're fucking her to get you two pregnant you better start having those discussions because that child is half yours and a full time obligation. If that is what you want, you two romantic dreamers need to get real because if she pops a baby out in nine months I suspect it will make our lives real very quick."

I was now angry, and really wanted to throw Katie off my lap, but at the same time she had a really fucking valid point. Always the analytical one, except when it came to gangbangs apparently. There was a long silence, alas at the end it was I who let out a long sigh and declared, "You're right."

She pushed back into me and stated, "Just watching your back. I like Niya. A lot. It could even work out that the three of us become a thing. What would you think of that?" Katie pondered as she pushed her hips back into me.

"I don't know. That leaves the other half of the problem untouched. I can't handle you being gone for nights and knowing what your likely doing. It rips me apart."

"So how does your brain reconcile getting so horny watching others use my body, yet so upset when it can't see me?" With this question, Katie resumed her grinding into my loins. "Did you tell Niya about all the people I had fuck me?"

"Yes. She didn't understand it either."

"Did you tell her how fucking horny it made you to watch me get fucked over and over? How watching cocks so large they don't even hardly fit, and forcefully invade your wife's cunt makes you so so horny?"

"No," I whispered back.

"Do you know how sore my pussy is right now? Over twenty guys fucked me last night, came on me and some fucked me two or three times. Gloria was there too. She fucked ten for the first time. Afterwards, we came back here, got high and screwed each other. I told her to slap me and fuck me with her fist. She and I really got off on the pain and sex. We drank too. Two bottles of wine, that part was stupid and caused my fall and my eye issue. And what do you think about that?"

Just as she asked, she snaked her hand down past my clothing and started to stroke my dick. "Jesus, your head has already leaked a bucket of pre-cum and you're as hard as steel. Do my disclosures make you want to fuck your sore wife's pussy? To pound it so hard she cums and cums?" Katie asked while continuing to stoke me.

She was right. I was absolutely dying to fuck her ragged. To fuck her so hard she would never ever want anyone else to fuck her, but I knew that wouldn't happen. Also, I knew we had just hashed out a lot of mental edibles and they needed to be digested. "Katie, I can't. Not now. We need to do more than just talk. I'm going to bed." And with that simple statement, I gently pushed her aside and walked into our guest bedroom. At the doorway, I stopped and turned to Katie, "Honey, I love you madly, your beautiful and I want what is best for both of us. Life is not easy. Good night." I then shut the door and crawled into bed.

I'd love to say I was so exhausted with emotions that I instantly feel into the sleep of the dead. Unfortunately, I didn't. Instead, I laid there for hours. First, listening for any sign of Katie. A sob, a cry, a telephone call to a friend or even a door slam. I heard nothing which set into motion other fears. Hours later, I assumed she was asleep or gone and a second wave of emotions hit me. They involved Niya, a baby, babies, kids, Katie and weaved themselves together and apart into a fine clusterfuck. Hours later I did fall asleep, and it was a deep sleep.

A sleep vigorously stuffed with dreams. Initially, multiple short ones involving stressful situations, but these sifted away and were replaced with a powerful visual hallucination. I was home, and happy, and walked into our kitchen to be engulfed into the arms of Niya who sported a very swollen tummy. Also in the kitchen was another lady, who I didn't recognize, until she turned around.

"Hi, are you ready? We can't wait," she stated as she turned around and also gave me a hug. It was Gloria, whose face was swollen and breasts seriously large as she too was very pregnant. I just smiled and played along as if I knew what she was talking about.

"We can't wait to see you do it. It's going to be such the perfect family," Niya softly spoke and started to plant a chain of light pecks up my neck. As she did so, Gloria walked up on the other side of me, and proceeded to mimic Niya kissing. While doing this they placed their hands down my flannel pajama bottoms and pushed them to my knees. Immediately, my cock popped out and it soon felt the softness of their two hands gliding over its length.

"Ohh good. You two are getting him ready. It's so exciting," Katie announced as she walked down our stairs. She only wore her birthday suit, and wasn't pregnant. "I've got her ready. She still isn't certain, but I think once she sees it then she'll beg to join us." After this statement, Katie walked to the front of me, kneeled down and completely removed my pants. She then stood, walked behind each of the girls and pulled off their large t-shirts so that all of us were now naked.

My eyes focused heavily on Niya and Gloria. Their bellies stuck out seven or eight inches from their hips, and their tits were huge. Niya's looked like small watermelons, while Gloria's were the equivalent of honeydew melons. The ladies kissed one another with open mouths, then in unison bent down and applied three tongues to my shaft and head. It was heavily swollen and palpitating with lust.

After the girls each had a spec of time to swirl my cock around their mouths, the stood in unison and bent over to expose three swollen pussies. "Ok Daddy-O, are you ready? Give us each six deep full strokes and then we go upstairs," Katie instructed as she grabbed my cock and pulled it towards her opening. I easily entered her, delivered the number of strokes and she disengaged and guided me into Gloria's swimming hole. The same treatment was applied to her vagina, then she stood and directed my dick in Niya's slippery love nest. After six strokes she stood, grabbed my cock with her hand and led me upstairs with the other ladies. As she hiked up the stairs, she softly stroked my shaft, co-mingling the girl's pussy juices and causing my cock to swell even grander.

Alas, we reached the top of the stairs and I was led into our bedroom. There on the bed was a slim nude Anna. "Oh hello, I don't know. Remember, I was the one that told you I don't want to be pregnant."

"But love," spoke up Gloria, "just look at his cock. It's magic." Five sets of eyes descended down to my dick and my mind was blown. My dick was now twelve inches long, its head the size of a peach and it was throbbing red.

"Oh heavens of love. Look at it. It's it's amazing," Anna squealed out and as she did spread her legs wide open. "You are right. I have to have it and become pregnant."

Gloria, Niya and Katie nudged me forward between Anna's thighs. Each of the ladies placed their hands somewhere around my angry cock and lined it up with Anna's slit. "Fuck her honey, do it, the magic will work. Fuck her pussy now," Katie chanted with excitement. I pushed the tip of my cock up against her lips thinking she was way too small for my new beast. And then her pussy lips opened up wide, extruded outwards and sucked my cock into her wet hole.

Once I was fully in her, it felt like I lost all control. Something else entered my body and began to savagely fuck Anna. Her head was covered in sweat, while foam drooled out of her mouth and all the while the three ladies chanted some saying I couldn't understand over and over. My body was growing tired, but the beast that controlled me speed up my thrusts. And then I started to spew semen out of my cock, not in orgasm, but instead it just flew out in sudden bursts. Once this started I noticed with each thrust Anna's belly started to swell. Five minutes later, she looked a few months pregnant, and after another five minutes she was as pregnant as Gloria and Niya.
