 I woke up Sunday morning with a satisfied glow all over my body. I lay in bed for several minutes replaying the events of the previous evening in my mind. Lynn, a woman I recently became interested in dating, had convinced me to go to a Halloween party. After meeting her at the party, we soon adjourned to the deck for what started out as an incredible blowjob. Then, just as I was about to spurt my load down her throat, a couple dressed as a Viking and his Wench interrupted us. I tried to physically force Lynn to keep the blowjob going despite the interruption, but that only pissed her off. She stomped out of the party without saying a word.

However, it turned out to be a godsend. At first, I was extremely pissed off at the interruption, but in the middle of yelling at the couple, the Viking invited me back to their hotel room for a night I will never forget. I ended up taking the Wench's hot little ass in the hotel shower. Fuck, she was hot! I later found out their names were Brandon and Kendra.

Brandon and Kendra were swingers that were into dominance and submission. The way Brandon had totally controlled Kendra tipped me off to the fact that she was definitely the submissive in their relationship. I had dabbled in both the swinger scene and the BDSM world. I had thoroughly enjoyed my times with swinging couples and quickly learned to just roll with the punches. I never pushed myself on them and only accepted what they were willing to offer. As for the whole BDSM thing, I found it interesting, but had very little experience with it.

I rolled over and pulled the covers up over my head, snoozing and daydreaming about Kendra and her ultra-fine body. She was so hot and the sex had been incredible. I knew I had to be with her again. Brandon had invited me to a party they were having this coming weekend. Without a doubt, I would be there. I was hoping he would give me a call sometime this week to hash out the details.

As much as I tried not to, I could not help but think about Lynn. What should I do? Call her? Nah. I can't believe she got so pissed about that. I just wanted to cum. What guy wouldn't have done what I did? Geez, what the fuck was the big deal? Fuck her. I'm not calling just to apologize. If she's still interested in me, she can call me. Bitch.

I dismissed Lynn from my mind and went back to thinking about Kendra. Before long, I pushed the covers down past my knees and began pulling on my erect, drooling cock. I pictured her incredible ass and remembered how I had plunged my throbbing prick into her asshole. She had been so hot and tight inside. I remembered how she had taken charge of the situation, pushing her ass back onto my cock as I held absolutely still for her.

Thick streams of white cum crisscrossed my stomach as I jerked my raging cock fast and hard, an intense orgasm washing over my entire body. I dozed off, leaving the sticky cum to dry on my stomach and pubic region. It was noon when I awoke again and finally dragged my ass out of bed.

On Wednesday, I got a phone call from Brandon. He was as curt as he had been that first night. He told me the party was this Saturday at their house. Dress was casual and I could bring a friend. I said I would more than likely be coming alone if that was ok with him. He said that would be fine, and then gave me directions to their house.

It would be a swingers' party. He mentioned there would be five to seven couples there and that since I was coming alone, I would be the only lone male. He advised me to play it cool, not be pushy, and I would fit in well. I thought that sounded great and told him I was looking forward to it. Just before hanging up, Kendra got on the phone.

"Hey," she said, sounding slightly breathless.

"Hey sexy! How ya doing?"

"I'm doing great. Better now that I know I'm going to be seeing you and that yummy cock again. Promise to save some of that for my tight little ass?" she asked coyly.

"Mmm, most definitely, darlin'."

"Are you going to bring your girlfriend with you?"

"Mmm, probably not. I don't think she's my girlfriend anymore, not that we ever got to the boyfriend/girlfriend point anyway."

"Oh no. What happened? Did we fuck it up for you?" she asked with sincere concern in her voice.

"Oh no, nothing like that. I really don't know how she feels. I never called her back after she got pissed off and left the party."

"What? You dumbass! Why didn't you call her?"

"I don't know. I mean, why should I? She's the one that got all pissed off. It's not like I did something wrong. I mean, hell, do you blame me for doing what I did? Screw her if she's all pissed off."

"Hey, that's not nice! You should call and make up with her. She was pretty."

"Yeah, I know. I might," I lied quietly, desperately trying to think of a way to change the subject.

"What's her name?"

"Lynn."

"What's her number? Maybe I can talk to her. See how she feels. I'm sure I could clear things up for you."

"Nah, that's ok. Thanks anyway." That was the last thing I wanted; the girl I got a blowjob from talking to the girl I ass-fucked afterward. That would be just peachy. What is it with women?

"Hrrrm." She did not sound pleased. "Well, ok, I'll see you Saturday then?"

"Count on it."

"Mmm, great. And don't forget; you owe me a good hard fucking!" she said, giggling.

"I'm getting hard just thinking about it," I teased back.

"Well, don't wear yourself out."

"Don't worry, I'll have plenty for you."

We said our goodbyes and hung up. I had a feeling something was up with Kendra. I doubted she could find out who Lynn was, but you could never be sure. With women, anything was possible. I decided not to worry about it.

Saturday seemed to take forever to arrive. Hoping to save up a healthy load of cum for Kendra, I purposely did not masturbate after Thursday. All during the week, I could not get the image of spraying my hot cum all over her sweet face out of my mind. I could hardly wait to see her again. I was hoping we would be able to be alone again like last time.

Planning to arrive about a half hour late, I started to get ready an hour before the start of the party. I took a long, hot shower, being sure to clean every nook and cranny of my body. Having trimmed my pubic hair down close to the skin before my shower, I spent several extra minutes running my soapy hands all around my newly shorn pubic region. The new sensations on my nuts were intriguing. I even spent extra time shaving, ensuring that my cheeks, neck, and chin were smooth and baby soft.

Deciding not to be too casual, I dressed in khakis, a solid black polo shirt, and leather boots. I double-checked the directions as I tossed back two shots of Southern Comfort and sipped a Rolling Rock to calm my uppity nerves. Deciding it was time to hit the road, I grabbed my brown leather jacket from the closet and dumped the rest of the beer into the sink. The last thing I needed was to spend the night in a drunk-tank.

I took my time getting to their house, checking the directions often. I drove slowly down their street, pausing in front of each house to read house numbers. It was already past dusk when I finally found their house. The number of cars outside their house told me this was going to be a relatively small party, which is what I expected. Taking some deep breaths, I got out of my car and headed up their driveway.

They lived in an older two-story brick house with intricate wooden columns framing the entranceway. Their lawn was lush and well groomed. An abundance of shrubbery and trees gave the yard plenty of shade and privacy from the street. I could make out the start of a tall privacy fence on each side of the house as I walked up the well-lit driveway. Apparently they wanted to keep their back yard away from prying eyes.

Judging by the neighborhood and their house, they were pretty well off. Every house on this street was well above my income level. In addition, an older-model Jaguar sat in front of their two-car garage. Hmm, they've got some bucks. I wonder what they keep in the garage.

A sidewalk with flowers planted on each side veered off the driveway toward the front door. Small light posts were evenly spaced on each side of the walkway, their subdued lighting easily guiding me along. As I stepped up the stairs to ring the doorbell, the door swung open. Brandon stepped into the doorway and welcomed me with a hearty handshake. He wore a t-shirt that stretched tightly across his muscular chest and showed off the tattoos on his arms.

"Have any problems finding the place?" he asked as he accepted my jacket.

"Nope, your directions were great."

"Good to hear. Well, you're about the last to arrive. We invited two other couples, but they said they may or may not be able to make it. Everyone is in the living room or out on the deck. There's some food on the grill and we have drinks and snacks out on the deck, so--"

Suddenly, Kendra flew down the hallway and jumped into my arms with a squeal. She gave me a massive hug, her arms wrapping around my neck tightly, pressing her tits into my chest. Pulling herself upward, she easily managed to wrap her legs around my waist. I gave her a healthy squeeze and then softened up as she pulled back and planted a soft wet kiss on my lips. My hands instinctively cupped her ass to hold her up against me. She had on a light sundress, which allowed me to feel the panties she wore underneath.

"Hey you! I'm glad you came," she said with a wiggle of her tight ass.

"I see that," I said with a soft chuckle. "But I haven't exactly cum yet."

I glanced at Brandon out of the corner of my eye. He had a big grin on his face as he turned to hang my jacket in a nearby closet. Mmm, I guess he doesn't mind. I leaned into her again to steal another soft kiss, dipping my tongue into her mouth briefly. She accepted it and her soft tongue pushed back. A shiver ran through my body.

"Come on, I'll introduce you to everyone," Kendra said as she slid out of my arms and pulled me along by my hand.

Kendra led me into a large, well-furnished living room. I thought there was a striking resemblance between Kendra and a younger Raquel Welch. Two large couches formed a big "L" with a large square end table between them. In the middle of the "L" was a square glass-topped coffee table. A large leather chair closed off the "L." A huge big-screened television sat against the wall opposite one of the couches.

A porno flick was showing on the television. I could not help but glance at the action on the screen. A big-busted blonde was giving what appeared to be a very sloppy wet blowjob to a big-dicked porn stud. The immense size of the television made the on-screen cock appear unrealistically huge.

"That could be you if you play your cards right," Kendra said with a wide toothy grin as she caught me looking at the onscreen action.

"Mmm, I hope so. And would it be you doing the, uhmm..." I tilted my head toward the screen indicating the juicy blowjob.

"Count on it," she whispered as she pulled me close and reached down to give my cock a squeeze. "I've been thinking about your dick all week." She leaned back and then said in a normal voice, "Now, come on, let's do introductions."

There were five other couples at the party. Kendra led me from one couple to the next, introducing me as I shook hands and giving me names I promptly forgot. Instead, I tried to remember faces and bodies. Several of the women were quite attractive, but in my opinion not nearly as hot as Kendra. One of the couples appeared to be in their early forties, while the rest were in their thirties. One couple was definitely younger than the rest and appeared to be in their mid- to late twenties. I ran my eyes over the young female.

"Hey, I saw that!" Kendra said, pinching the back of my arm as I openly appraised the wife of the youngest couple.

"What?" I asked with fake innocence.

"You know what!" she said as she give me a little love slap on the arm. "But don't worry about it; all the men do that when they first see her. They really are a sweet couple, but she is a complete slut. I mean, like, shamelessly slutty. I guess that's why they are so popular. If we didn't invite them, half the people here wouldn't have showed."

"Is she really that good?" I asked with a raised eyebrow.

"Mmm, personally, I don't think so, but some of the guys can't stop talking about her. She's ok if you ask me," she said with a shrug. "She can't get enough of Brandon's cock. Her hubby is pretty popular with the older ladies too. He's, uhmm, very talented with his tongue," she said with a wink. "But enough of them, let's get you a drink."

I ate some snacks and sipped on a beer as I wandered around the party chatting with the other guests. All of them were nice and easy to talk to. Kendra took time away from her hosting duties from time to time to come over to chat with me. On several occasions she fondled my cock through my pants, not caring who was standing there. Nobody seemed to care or even really notice, to my surprise, which turned me on even more.

As the evening wore on, the state of dress seemed to get increasingly casual. It started with several women removing their tops, followed by a few men. By 10 o'clock, almost all the women were down to panties and the men down to boxers. I was becoming very aroused seeing all the bare breasts around me, and so were the other men.

I was still in my boxers and shirt when a panty-clad Kendra snuck up behind me and pulled my shirt off. Then she snuggled up behind me, pressing her firm breasts into my back as her hands snaked around and slid into the front of my boxers. She stroked me gently.

I had been in a conversation with the older woman at the party and she smiled as she watched my cock become fully erect from Kendra's ministrations. Her eyes stayed glued to the front of my boxers as Kendra's stroking caused my cock to push through the opening. At this point, the conversation died and the woman set her drink down on a nearby table. 

She stepped up close to me and began kissing Kendra over my shoulder. Her pointy nipples pressed into my chest as Kendra pointed the tip of my cock right into her panty-covered mound. She had amazingly soft skin that reminded me of sliding into freshly washed pajamas when I was little kid. My hands glided down her back and cupped her plump ass. I squeezed each ass cheek and pulled her into me harder, causing her to grind into my rigid prick.

Things seemed to be heating up quite nicely as both women moaned into each other's mouths. I turned my head and watched their tongues dueling wetly, their moist lips pressed firmly into each other. I had consumed a few beers by then, so I figured I had better use the restroom before starting anything too heavy. Having to pee in the middle of fucking was not cool.

Gently extricating myself, I said, "I'll be right back, just going to use the restroom real quick."

"Hurry back," Kendra panted as the older woman began kissing her way down the side of Kendra's neck.

I rushed barefoot down the hall, searching for the nearest restroom. I lucked out and found it behind the second door I tried. A nude woman was just coming out. I eyed her thick bush and noticed it was closely trimmed and shaped like heart. Her large breasts swayed back and forth as she stepped out of the restroom.

She smiled at me and said, "Those drinks tend to sneak up on ya."

"Uh huh," I said over my shoulder as I stepped into the bathroom, catching a quick look at her shapely behind. Mmm, she wasn't half bad either.

I quickly did my business, not wanting to miss a second of fun. I grabbed a washcloth off the towel bar and washed the tip of my penis before returning to the living room. The scene before me almost blew my mind. In the few minutes I had been in the bathroom, an all-out orgy had kicked off. Everyone was nude now and both couches had at least two couples making out or engaged in out-right sex.

I glanced over toward the sliding glass doors leading out to the deck and saw Kendra leaning back against them, one of her legs thrown up over the shoulder of the older woman. The heat radiating from her body had the glass door fogging up so that her body appeared to have a ghostly glow about it. The older woman was sucking and licking her clit while fingering her hot pussy with two wet fingers. Kendra was moaning and had her fingers entwined in the woman's hair, pulling her face harder into her spasming cunt.

On the nearest couch I saw Brandon, his big mule cock standing straight up with two women slurping and sucking on it at the same time. My cock grew to its fullest proportions instantly just seeing those two women sucking him. One was trying to suck the fat head of his cock into her mouth while the other sucked and licked his huge hanging nuts. Neither woman could fully take him into her mouth, but from the looks of it, they were thoroughly enjoying trying.

As I walked further into the room, the woman I had passed going into the bathroom slid up next to me, wrapping her arms around me. Without a pause, she put her mouth against mine and we began kissing passionately. I felt her hands push my boxers down as she pressed her big breasts into my bare chest. I instinctively slid my tongue into her mouth, tasting the vodka she had been drinking earlier.

I moaned as her fingers wrapped tightly around my turgid cock. I gripped her ass tightly and pushed forward with my hips, feeling my cockhead bounce into her thick bush. As our tongues fought wetly, I slid one of my hands between us, pushing it down between her thighs. I grazed my fingers through her thick bush before inching them into her slit. Her cunt was soaking wet. I groaned into her sucking mouth.

She pulled me backward with her as she sat on the back of the nearest couch. Her right leg came up and I caught it under the knee with my left hand, pulling it up close to my side. I held my breath as I watched her pull my prick closer to her pussy. She panted softly as the head of my cock slid up and down her drooling slit. Time seemed to stand still as we both stared down at her hand working my cock up and down, watching her juices coat the mushroom head.

I was so aroused I just had to feel my cock inside her wet hole. She ground the head of my cock up and down her spread lips a few more times and then stopped it right at the entrance to her pussy. Letting go of my cock, she placed her hands on my sides at waist level. My cock just pulsed there proudly, the head pressed into her entrance, not yet penetrating. Her other foot lifted off the ground a few inches. She used me to balance herself on the back of the sofa as she prepared to take me into her.

Our faces slowly moved upward as we looked into each other's eyes and then, without warning, she pulled me into her roughly. My prick sank deep into her hot wetness in one long, smooth stroke. Her legs automatically wrapped around my waist, trapping me deep inside her. Both of us groaned as we savored the intense feelings shooting through our bodies from the first penetration.

Over her shoulder, I saw one of the women with Brandon as she straddled his massive cock. Both she and the other woman with him were telling him how badly they wanted to feel his huge cock in their tight little pussies. My brain was in sexual overload. The woman under me began humping into my cock, her pussy squeezing me like a tight wet fist. I grunted as I matched her pace, thrusting my rock-hard cock into her willing cunt.

After a few minutes of fucking, she began to quiver all over, her thighs rhythmically squeezing me. Her nails clawed my upper back as she repeatedly moaned 'yes'. Her chanting increased in urgency as she got closer and closer to orgasm. My ass muscles twitched as I thrust myself against her as hard and fast as I could, panting in time with the slapping of our bodies.
