 Since her encounter with the Night Visitor at her house, Michele had become a different woman. She had become more independent. She decided to go back to work a while ago. Michele had been working at the Hardware store for three months now. She decided that if Rich was going to spend more time at the office, she should go out and get a job, if just for the adult conversation. While at work, she basically kept to herself with the exception of one or two of her co-workers. This was true until she met the new girl Tammi. Tammi starting working there a month ago, and she and Michele became close friends in a short time. Tammi was a little younger than Michele, was married, and had one child. She seemed to be a free spirit. That's what drew Michele to her.

Tammi spent most of the time with Michele while they were at work, and convinced her to go out for a drink after work once and awhile. One day she asked Michele if she would like to go on a picnic after work the following day. Michele thought about it and said that they didn't get off till after nine the next night. Tammi said that she knew that, but they would have fireworks at the park, and they could enjoy the cool air there.

Michele asked what she could bring. Tammi told her to bring some bread, lunch meat, some chips, and while she was at it, if she could bring two blankets. Tammi said she would provide everything else. That night when she went home, Michele told Rich that she was going out after work with Tammi for a picnic at the park. Rich said he knew that they were having a large function at the park that night and there was supposed to be fireworks after the activities. Rich said he wished he could be there, but unfortunately he had to work. When she got ready for bed, Michele could only imagine what was going to happen at the picnic. The next day Michele was at work when she was approached by one of the guys that worked in shipping. He asked her if she was going to be at the park later that night. Michele said her and Tammi were going to have a picnic there. He smiled and said that maybe he would see her there.

Michele smiled back and said she probably would. Later another guy came up to her and asked her the same thing. Michele gave him the same answer. At lunch, she talked to Tammi and asked her if anyone had approached her about being at the park later that night. Tammi smiled and asked why. Michele said that two of the guys in shipping came up to her at the registers and asked her if she was going. Tammi said that she told them that she was going, and she was bringing Michele. Michele said she hoped that she didn't invite them to the picnic because she didn't think that she brought enough stuff to feed them all.

Tammi said that she told them that if they wanted to join them, they had to bring food also. Michele told Tammi that she had to go home right after work so she could change, and pick up the blankets. Tammi told her that she would go with her. She brought her change of clothes with her, but didn't want to change at work. Michele said that was all right with her. Tammi asked if Rich would be home when they got there. Michele thought, and then remembered that Rich would be at work, so she told her no. When they finished their lunch, they went back to work. Michele was back at the front of the building when she was approached by two other guys and gals asking if she planned to go to the park tonight. Michele smiled and said yes, she was going with Tammi. The girls smiled and told her to have a good time.

Michele kind of looked at them funny as if she wasn't quite sure what they meant. Before she knew it, it was time to leave. Michele went back to the break room and looked for Tammi. Soon she walked in the room carrying a small bag. Michele looked up and Tammi motioned for them to leave. As they walked out of the store, they heard a few people say that they would see them later. They walked to Michele's car and got in.

Tammi said that after the park, since it was on her way home, Michele could drop her by the store so she could get her car. On the way to Michele's house, Tammi said that she thought it would be fun if they dress alike when they went to the park. Michele asked what she was going to wear. Tammi said when they got to Michele's house she would show her. They got to the house shortly, and went inside. Tammi made Michele promise that if she had something like her outfit, she would dress exactly like her. Michele thought it would be different, so she agreed. When they got in the house, Michele looked in her kids' bedrooms to see if they were home. She found a note telling her that they were at some friends' house and would be staying the night there.

Michele knew that she could then stay out a little later since she didn't have to be home to let her kids in. Michele told Tammi to follow her into her bedroom so she could see if she had clothes that would match hers. Tammi followed her into the bedroom. When they got in there, Tammi asked if she could take a quick shower to rinse off the dust and sweat from work. Michele said it would be OK, and showed her where the towels were. Tammi asked if Michele was going to shower also. Michele said she would as soon as Tammi was done.

Tammi closed the bathroom door, and Michele could soon hear the shower water running. In short time she heard the water stop, and the bathroom door opened. Tammi stepped out into the bedroom wrapped in a towel. Michele said that she was quick, and now it was her turn. Michele stepped into the bathroom and closed the door. She pulled off her shirt and shorts. She reached into the shower and started the water. After feeling the water to make sure it wasn't too hot, she unclasped her bra and took it off. Then she reached down and peeled off her panties. She stepped into the shower and quickly washed off the dirt and sweat. 

When she was finished, she dried off and wrapped a towel around her to go into the bedroom. When she opened the bathroom door, she looked into the bedroom and saw Tammi lying on her bed still wrapped up in her towel, watching television. Michele walked to her dresser and opened up a drawer to get a bra and panties. Tammi looked up and told her not to get anything till she saw what she was wearing. Tammi got off of the bed, walked over to her bag, opened it and reached into it.

She then pulled out a white tank top. She asked Michele if she had one. Michele walked to the closet and found one exactly like it. It was the same type and make as the one Tammi had. Then Tammi reached into the bag and pulled out a short blue jeans skirt with snaps running down the front of it. Michele looked in her closet and pulled out the exact same one. It was real short, and had snaps running down the front of it. Tammi then pulled out a pair of sandals and Michele found a similar pair. They started to laugh when they were done. They could see that they shopped at the same stores. Michele laid her clothes on the bed next to where Tammi put hers, then walked to the dresser to get her panties and bra.

Before she could open the drawer, Tammi reminded her that Michele said she would dress exactly like her. Michele turned around and waited for Tammi to reach inside her bag for her undergarments. Tammi walked over to her bag, picked it up and put it on the bed. She told Michele to come over to where their clothes were. Michele walked to the bed as Tammi picked up her top. Michele watched as Tammi undid the towel and watched it drop to the ground. As she stood there naked, Michele couldn't help but look at her body. She was well built, and had a very nice shape. Tammi turned and saw Michele looking at her. She told Michele to get rid of her towel and dress with her. Michele reached up and undid her towel and let it fall to the ground.

This time it was Tammi looking at Michele. She saw that Michele had a real nice body also. Built almost like her. Michele had curves in all the right places, and real nice breasts. Michele saw Tammi looking at her as she took her top and started to put it on. Michele reached down and got her top and put it on also. Tammi reached down, got her skirt, unsnapped all the snaps and put it around her waist. She made sure that her top was not tucked in and she started to snap up the front. Michele saw that Tammi didn't put on any underwear. Tammi then told Michele to put on her skirt exactly as hers. Michele reached down and got her skirt, unsnapped all the snaps, wrapped it around her waist making sure her top was not tucked in. She knew that Tammi only snapped three buttons on it, so she did the same.

When she was finished, she saw Tammi put on her sandals. Michele bent over and picked up her sandals and put them also. When they were finished, they turned and looked at each other in the mirror. They almost looked like twins except that Tammi was a blonde. Tammi asked Michele if she was ready to go. Michele nodded, so Tammi picked up her bag and started out of the bedroom. Tammi asked Michele if she had any wineglasses. Michele said yes, and went to the kitchen to get two. When she returned, Tammi put the wineglasses in her bag, zipped it up, and walked to the front door. Michele opened the front door, locked it, and closed it tight after they got out.

They walked to her car, and Tammi started laughing. Michele asked her what was so funny and Tammi told her that they could be mistaken for sisters the way they looked. Michele started laughing also. When they got in the car, Michele started it up, backed out of the driveway, and started to drive off. When they got to the first stop light, Michele glanced down and saw that the way Tammi's skirt was snapped it was showing all of her legs. When she looked again, she could see some of Tammi's pubic hair peeking out. Michele shifted her gaze to her lap and was startled to see that you could see her thighs and a lot of her pubic hair when she sat with her legs parted. Michele hoped she could find a way to sit without showing the whole park the same things she was seeing.

When they arrived at the park, they got out of the car, grabbed their bags, and the blankets. Tammi said she knew of a good spot where they could eat and see the fireworks. She led Michele to a spot out of the way of the main public, and hidden by thick bushes. Tammi grabbed one of the blankets from Michele and started to spread it out on the ground. Michele told her that this spot wasn't that good. They couldn't see any people from here. Tammi told her that they were there to watch the fireworks, not people. Michele shrugged her shoulders and decided that Tammi was right. She also thought that now she could sit comfortably since there wasn't people around to look up her skirt.

Michele spread her blanket on the ground next to where Tammi's was. They sat down, took off their sandals, opened up their bags, and brought out their meal. Michele brought out her stuff, and then watched as Tammi emptied her bag. She smiled when she saw her bring out a large bottle of wine and the two glasses. Michele asked her how she kept it cold. Tammi smiled and said she used the refrigerator in the shipping department. The guys back there were only too glad to let her use it. Michele looked at her funny, wondering what she had meant by that. Soon they were eating and drinking. When they had finished the food, they put all the stuff back in the bags except for the wine.

They both were feeling the effects of the wine and were getting quite silly. They were both giggling about the same stuff. Michele watched as Tammi lay down on her stomach on the blanket. Michele soon was lying on her stomach next to her. They talked about everything, even their sex lives. Suddenly the lights in the park went out and the fireworks began. As they sat there watching the first explosions, Michele heard someone approaching them. She looked back and saw two of the guys that worked in shipping. They were two of the guys that asked if she was going to the park tonight. Their names were Nick and Bill. Bill was the shorter and older of the two. Michele guessed that they were in their early twenties. Little did Michele know, but they were looking at them while they walked towards them.

Nick and Bill saw the short skirts that they were wearing, and that they had no underwear on. By the way they were lying on the blanket, you could see their asses and some of their pubic hairs. They could see that Tammi was a true blonde and Michele was a true brunette. When they got to where they were sitting, they said hi, and asked if they could sit with them. Tammi smiled and said that they could. Bill sat down next to Tammi, and Nick sat next to Michele. Tammi asked if they were hungry, and they both said they ate before they came to the park. They wanted to see the fireworks. Tammi asked if they wanted some wine. They both looked at each other, smiled and accepted her offer. Since Tammi and Michele only brought two glasses, they said they would share. 

They talked for awhile and each drank two glasses of wine. While they were talking, Michele found out that Bill was 24 years old, and Nick was 22. Both girls sat up on the blanket, and Tammi pulled her knees up. Soon the talking stopped, and they were all watching the fireworks. There were plenty of oohs and ahs while the explosions were happening. When there was a real big one, Michele was just about to say something when she heard a different sound come from Tammi. It wasn't an ooh or ah, but more of a deep throated moan. Michele looked at Tammi and saw that she was turned over on her back. She was looking up at the sky, but her eyes were closed. She started to glance down and saw that Tammi's nipples were hard and poking out the front of her tank top. As she glanced further down, she could see that Tammi's knees were up, her legs were parted slightly, and her skirt had opened in the front so you could see her entire pubic area.

Michele could see that Bill's hand was in between her legs. Michele shifted her position slightly, and soon could see Bill's finger sliding up and down the slit of Tammi's pussy. Michele knew if she could see this, so could Nick. Michele watched as Bill stopped sliding his finger up and down Tammi's slit, and saw the tip of his finger stop at her opening. She watched in amazement as Bill's finger entered Tammi's pussy. She saw Tammi part her legs more to give Bill more room. Michele then saw Tammi reach over with her hand and start to unbutton Bill's jeans. She saw Tammi reach and pop the first button open, then yank till she had all of them undone. She then saw Tammi's hand reach inside the front of his jeans.

When her hand reappeared, she had Bill's hard cock in it, and was starting to stroke it up and down. Michele saw his cock, and felt a stirring deep inside her. She wanted to get a better view of this, so she shifted her position again to get a better look. When she did this, her skirt rolled up, and parted wide open in the front. Michele was not aware, but she had now was totally exposed her pubic region, and her pussy. Nick noticed though. Michele looked down and could see all of Bill's cock. She saw that it was real long and thick. Its head was large and was a deep purple color. She watched as Tammi stroked it up and down, and soon could see a drop of his cum escape from the slit. When Michele saw this, she started to feel her juices start to flow. Then she felt something else. She felt Nick's hand slide between her legs.

When she started to say something, she was stopped short when she felt his finger graze her clitoris. Soon she felt his finger slide up and down her slit. It was making her wetter and wetter. Right then, she felt Nick's finger at the opening to her pussy. She felt the tip of it start to part her lips and slide into her. She looked over at Tammi and could see her still stroking Bill's hard cock. She could see Bill's other hand start to pull up Tammi's top. Soon he had it over her head exposing her breasts. They had gotten fuller, and the nipples were sticking out like bullets. She watched as Bill pinched her nipples and squeezed her tits. She watched Tammi lie back on the blanket, reach down with her other hand, unsnap the rest of the snaps on her skirt and pull it off.

She was now fully naked and ready for whatever Bill wanted to do to her. Right then Michele felt Nick's finger touch her special spot. It felt so good. She reached behind her and started to rub the front of his jeans. She could feel his cock straining against the front, wanting to be released. Michele found the top button of his jeans and pulled to pop it open. She yanked on the top hard, and one by one the buttons came undone. Michele then reached into the top of his jeans to free his cock. She felt that he was wearing no underwear, so it made it easier for her to get his cock out. When she felt it, she was pleased that it was so big. She pulled it free from his pants, and started to explore it with her hand. She stroked the shaft and found it to be long, thick, and hot. She slid her hand up the shaft to the head. It was huge and had very soft skin on it. He was circumcised, so she didn't have to pull back foreskin to feel it. She then slid her hand down his shaft and into his jeans to feel his balls.

They were huge also, and felt like they were full. She felt her pussy juice rush when she felt this. She knew then that she was going to be fucked by Nick, and he would fill her with a lot of cum. She wanted nothing more now than to feel his cock inside her, and to feel his hot seed bathe the inside of her pussy. She heard a noise come from where Tammi was and looked over at her. She could now see that Bill had his shirt off, and his jeans were pulled down to his knees. Michele could now see all of Bills cock and balls. His balls were big also, so she knew that Tammi would be filled with a lot of cum also. Bill had a massive amount of hair surrounding his cock and balls. He watched as Bill got up on his knees while Tammi was still stroking his hard rod.

She watched as he positioned himself in front of Tammi. Her knees were up, and Bill reached down with his hands and pulled her knees apart, which parted her legs wide open. Michele could see between Tammi's legs, and could see her pussy. Her lips were so swollen, and lubricating juices was flowing from them. She then saw Bill slide in between her legs, and Tammi guide the head of his dick to her hole. She watched as Tammi slid the head of Bill's cock up and down the slit of her pussy. Then she saw Tammi open her legs further and position the head where her opening was. She watched as Bill thrust forward with his hips in order to penetrate her womanhood. Michele's eyes were fixed at the sight before her. She stared as Bill's cock sank inch by inch into Tammi. She heard Tammi gasp and tell Bill to fuck her deeply. As she said this, Michele felt Nick's hand push on her hip. She knew that he was trying to position her on her knees.

Michele rolled over till her knees were on the blanket. She could feel Nick trying to get her top off, so she let go of his dick and pulled her top off. She knew that next her skirt was to come off, so she unsnapped the three snaps in the front, and Nick pulled the skirt off of her. Nick kept fingering Michele's pussy while she undressed for him, but now it was his turn. He pulled his finger from her hot pussy, pulled his shirt off, and then slid his jeans all the way off. When he was naked also, he pushed on Michele's shoulders to let her know that he wanted her down on all fours. Michele bent at the waist till her forearms and elbows were flat on the blanket. She felt Nick get behind her, then position her hips so she would be at the right height for him to enter her.

All this time, Michele kept her eyes on Tammi. She watched as Tammi pulled her knees up further so Bill could go deeper into her. She listened while Tammi made deep moans and tell Bill how deep he was getting. She heard her tell Bill that she loved his cock, and was glad she invited them to the picnic. Michele then heard Bill tell Tammi that he had wanted to fuck her since the day she started at the store, and Nick wanted so badly to fuck Michele. As Bill was finishing saying that, Michele felt the head of Nick's cock at the opening of her wet pussy. Michele reached behind her to find his rock hard member, and push it into her. She grabbed hold of it and eased the head into her. All at once Michele's breath was taken away when she felt Nick slam all of his cock into her. Nick started fucking her deep and fast. The friction of his pace set Michele off. She came a violent orgasm, which bathed Nick's cock with her juices.
