 Tammy sat on her bed crying softly. Another month had passed since her boyfriend had died. It was a tragic car accident that had left her alone and depressed. Every passing day seemed to pull her deeper into despair. She was left to a life of loneliness and misery.

The car accident had not only killed her boyfriend, but it had left Tammy's face disfigured. She had two huge scars running down the left side of her face and burns covering her forehead and scalp.

High school was supposed to be a happy time in a young girls life. Now it was a living hell for Tammy. No boy wanted to date her. She could no longer be on the cheerleading squad. There was no high school prom for her.

Before the accident, Tammy was the captain of the cheerleading squad and one of the most popular girls in school. Her and Vince, her boyfriend, had a very active sex life. From time to time, Tammy would think back to their time together. Tammy loved to give Vince blowjobs. On their first date, she sucked him off at the drive thru and swallowed his cum. She thought she would never get to taste cum again.

The sexual frustration in Tammy's life was driving her insane and clouding her thoughts. Every night she would surf the Internet looking for stories, pictures and video clips of oral sex. She would masturbate and cry herself to sleep. It was a vicious cycle that dominated Tammy's life.

There was one story that Tammy had read hundreds of times. It was about a girl that took her love of cum to an extreme level. She went to the local porn shop and started to suck off the men in the video booths. This story always got Tammy aroused and she secretly wondered if she had the guts to try it.

Tammy figured that no one in their right mind would let a hideous creature like herself give them a blowjob let alone have sex with them. Tammy had been addicted to Vince's cum since that first date at the drive thru. Since the accident, oral sex had become an obsession with Tammy. She had to have it. She had to taste cum again. She started to hatch a desperate plan.

Although Tammy did have burns and scars over half of her face. She was not as disfigured as she saw herself. If she had looked around she would have seen the sincere looks of interest from the boys in her school. Tammy had full lips and curly red hair that almost entirely covered her burns. She also had a body that drove the boys wild. She was blessed with huge breasts and full, round hips that filled the wet dreams of more than a few boys in her class.

Tammy's parents tried to be supportive of Tammy and did all that they could to help her. They were trying to save enough money to get Tammy some cosmetic surgery to improve her self-image. Tammy didn't know about this. They wanted to keep it a surprise until they were sure they could afford it. Tammy's father was a police officer and her mother had taken on a part time job. 

The next weekend Tammy was ready to implement her plan. She would leave the house Friday night, under the guise of going to the movies. She was going to go down to the adult video arcade on 5th street. The old guy behind the counter would never card her and probably wouldn't even notice her enter. In the story Tammy read, there were holes in the sides of the booths that guys would stick their cocks through, hoping to get blowjobs. Tammy would be ready. She didn't care about safety or cleanliness. She had to have cum and she didn't care how. She was desperate.

Friday night arrived and Tammy left the house around seven pm. It was just starting to get dark out. As planned, she got to the video arcade and the old guy was working behind the counter. She could see him through the outside window and was hoping he was as careless and aloof as he seemed!

Tammy strode inside and past the counter. The old guy barely gave her a glance as she made her way into the back area. She had never been to a place like this and was extremely nervous. 

There were various moans and shrieks of pleasure coming from the curtained rooms on either side of the hallway. Tammy was prepared and had a some spare quarters if needed. 

In the middle of the hall on the right side was an open room. Tammy quickly went inside and closed the curtain. She was breathing heavily and starting to perspire. There was a big chair, a nice size screen in front of her, and to her excitement she saw a round padded hole on each side of the booth. "Those must be glory holes!" She said to herself. Tammy took off her coat and hung it on the back of the chair. The booth was surprisingly clean and the floor wasn't sticky like she had thought it would be.

"Ok. Now what do I do?" She thought. 

Tammy decided that she needed to relax a little bit and calm herself down. She sat in the chair and decided to place a couple of quarters in to the video system. 

In seconds, the screen filled with a buxom, blond girl going down on a huge cock. Tammy was instantly moist. "I hope." Tammy thought. The girl on the screen was an expert and was working the huge cock into her throat. Tammy was enthralled.

After watching the video for a few minutes and no penises popping threw the holes in the wall, Tammy started to wonder if she should just go home now. After all, this was kind of dangerous and maybe she was going a little crazy. Did sane people do things like this? She didn't think so.

Tammy could hear sounds, and see light coming from the booth to her left. Curiosity got the better of her, and she knelt before the hole and peered into the other side. 

There was a large, sweaty, man sitting on the chair watching the same video that was on Tammy's screen. As her eyes adjusted to the darkness, Tammy could see that he was masturbating. 

Tammy was really getting turned on. She didn't know what to do. She couldn't live anymore with out cum. She decided to go for broke and whispered into the hole. "Why don't you slide that cock over here. I know my mouth can make you feel better than your hand."

The man jumped out of the chair shocked! "What the fuck?" He yelled. 

Tammy whispered again. "I'm a real girl and I want to give you a blow job. Please."

The man leaned down and could see the feminine features of Tammy's face in the darkness. He stared at the hole for a full minute stunned not knowing what to do. Finally, the thought of a real blowjob won out over caution and he walked over to the hole and thrust his cock though it.

The man's sudden action took Tammy by surprise and his cock poked her in the eye. Tammy couldn't believe that her plan was actually starting to work. There was real cock just inches from her face. Tammy opened her mouth and slid her lips over the cock.

It was just as incredible as she remembered. A tear of joy streamed down Tammy's face as she started to suck and work more of his cock into her mouth. Tammy was an expert cocksucker and within minutes, the man grunted and spilled his seed into her mouth. Tammy savored every drop as she hungrily swallowed his entire load. 

The man pulled his cock back through the hole and offered her quick thanks as he quickly left the booth. "Well that was easy!" She thought excitedly. 

Tammy was about to gather her coat and leave when another cock, entered the hole. She looked at it for a minute and then lovingly grasped it in her hand. She slowly stroked the shaft and then sucked it into her mouth. 

This man lasted a lot longer than the first one. It took Tammy five minutes to suck a load out of his thick cock. She wasn't disappointed as his ejaculate was much more than the first cock. "Delicious!" She told him. Tammy loved the salty taste of cum. 

After cuming in her mouth, the second man left as quickly as the first. Tammy sat on her knees swirling the last drops of his seed on her tongue. For the first time in months Tammy smiled. She should have done this a long time ago. 

Tammy was aware of voices in the hallway now and was suddenly afraid that she might get in trouble or worse; arrested! Her parents would die if word of tonight's activities ever got out. Her father would probably be the one to arrest her. It would kill him. 

The voices in the hallway stopped and she heard a whisper in the booth to her left. "You want another one?' 

"Yes please." Tammy responded without thinking.

Suddenly a large, black cock proudly emerged from the hole. Tammy had never seen a real black cock before. She was trembling with excitement as she leaned in to take it in her mouth.

Tammy had to really stretch her mouth to fit her lips around his cock. She was on her hands and knees lovingly sucking her first black cock. Tammy thought it was amazing. She slid her tongue around his cock as she sucked. 

"Don't turn around." A voice said from behind her. "Keep that cock in your mouth and don't turn around." 

Tammy could feel her skirt being lifted and her panties being pulled to the side. She was soaking wet down there and hoped beyond hope that someone was going to fuck her from behind.

Tammy grunted as a large cock entered her from behind. The man started to slam into her hard. Tammy never stopped sucking the cock in her mouth. She pulled her mouth off to catch her breath just as it started to erupt. He covered her face in cum. Rope after rope of his thick seed landed on Tammy's face.

"Ung! Oh fuck that feels good!" Tammy yelled. She didn't care anymore if anyone heard her. Her whole body shook in orgasm. The man behind her pulled his cock out leaving Tammy whimpering on the floor. "Please, please, I need you. Please put it back in."

"Ok." The voice behind her said and she could feel his cock pressing at the entrance to her rectum. He must have covered it with lubricant, because with one thrust he was all the way in.

"Oh god yes!" She screamed. Tammy had never been fucked in the ass before but she loved it.

The man fucked her ass hard. He signaled that he was going to cum and Tammy could feel his cock twitch as he came inside her ass. It felt incredible. 

The curtain was suddenly ripped open and the man was violently pulled back. His cock plopped out of her anus and Tammy grunted. "This is a police raid! Against the wall now." She could her them yell.

Tammy was unable to move. She was too weak from her orgasm. She propped her self up on her hands and knees with cum dripping out of her ass and from her face. 

"Miss? Are you ok? Did they rape you?" A kind voice asked her. "You can get dressed now."

Tammy answered. "No they didn't rape me. In fact it was the best fuck I ever had and the best sexual experience I ever had. Why did you assholes have to stop it?" She hissed in anger!

With that Tammy stood up and spun around to face the officer who probably just got the thrill of his life watching the sperm drip out of Tammy's used ass. She froze in shock. It was her father. A tear spilled down her father's cheek and he left her in the booth alone.

The End part 1