 Tammy and I had another kid free weekend and decided to get a motel room and relax and enjoy our time together. I promised to take her to her favorite Mexican restaurant and I was waiting patiently for her to get ready to go.

I knew I was in for a lot of fun when she came out of the bathroom, walked over to me and kissed me passionately. Tammy looked absolutely stunning in the outfit that she decided to wear. A low cut, peach colored, spaghetti strapped blouse. This happened to be my favorite, because if she were to get cold or excited, it really showed off her nipples. The mini-skirt she had on was so short it barely covered her ass.

One the way to the restaurant, Tammy said to me, "I love you and enjoy being with you so much, I have done things with you I never would have dreamed of doing with anybody else. I also have a surprise for you." She grabbed my hand, guiding it underneath her mini-skirt to her freshly shaven pussy. I slid a finger between her folds to find her pussy was soaking wet. I finger fucked her, the rest of the way to the restaurant. My cock was rock hard by the time we pulled into the parking lot.

Exiting the Blazer I said, "I can wait until later when I can put more than my finger in there."

Staring at my cock pressing against my jeans, she replied, "Good that is why I dressed this way, I am horny as hell and I want you hot and horny so you can fuck my brains out. And looking at your jeans, I am off to a good start." She squeezed my cock as we walked into the restaurant, giggling she said, "I'll stand in front of you until we get seated."

My mind was not on eating the enchilada that I ordered; my hands would roam under the table, occasionally rubbing her pussy as we ate. "What plans do you have other than going back to the room and fucking my brains out?" Tammy asked me as she finished her meal.

"I really didn't have any plans, why don't we just play it by ear and see what happens."

"Sounds good to me, I know that something will happen."

Tammy said as we got up and left the restaurant. By the reaction of most of the men in the restaurant I also knew that something was going to happen, so I started thinking of a plan. I thought about going to a nightclub for some drinks and dancing but then I remembered there was an adult bookstore in town.

"Have you ever been in an adult bookstore before?" I asked Tammy as we were driving.

"No my ex would never take me in one, I asked him a few times to get me a vibrator but he never would. He was afraid I would like that better than his cock I guess. Well he was probably right." Tammy said laughing.

"Well babe, I am not afraid of that, I'll get you any vibrator or anything else you see in there that you might like," telling her as my finger slid into her very wet pussy.

"Sounds like fun, lets go," Tammy said as I signaled to turn into the bookstore's parking lot.

I could tell it was her first time in a bookstore; she was mesmerized by all the different varieties of dildos and vibrators.

Picking a 18 inch, very thick black colored dildo up, she said, "Wow this is fucking huge! I couldn't imagine that inside me, though I wish it was right now because my pussy sure could use something right now."

Walking over to the magazine section, I noticed two guys really checking Tammy out. "Act like you are looking at a magazine on the bottom self and give those guys a real show honey," I whispered into Tammy's ear. Tammy walked closer to the guys turned around, as she bent over her mini skirt rose up exposing her bare ass, she wiggled her ass a bit, spread her legs to also show them her wet pussy.

She pulled my ear toward her and said, "That was hot, but I really need fucked now. I have been horny all day so let's go."

"We don't need to go anywhere honey, there are private booths in the back, we can go watch movies and fuck in the booth." I informed her.

"Wow, that sounds really kinky, lets go," Tammy said as I led her down the aisle toward the booth area.

Receiving looks from the men standing in aisle, I led Tammy through the door of the booth section. Ten to fifteen booths were on each wall with a row of booths on both sides down the middle. She was very aroused; her nipples wear almost ripping two holes through her shirt as I led her into a booth.

Glancing around the booth we moved over to the bench that was there and both sat down. "I wonder how many loads of cum are on the floor? I sure can smell it." Tammy said.

"Probably 10-20, I just hope mine doesn't end there," I replied.

"I have better places for yours honey," she said as she unzipped my zipper pulling my hard cock out.

I inserted a dollar into the machine and sat back to watch the movie. The first one was a guy bobbing up and down on another guy's hard cock. Tammy said, "I think that is so hot when I can watch two men go at." She watched it for a couple of minutes and then flicked through a few more selections. Stopping at a movie where the woman was on her hands in knees sucking a cock while getting fucked from behind.

I put my arm around her shoulder sliding the strap off of it. "I bet you wished that was you don't you?" I asked as I circled her hard nipple with my fingertip.

"MMMMMM I love having multiple cocks, which has been my biggest turn on since you introduced it to me." She said as she stroked my hard cock. I slid Tammy's top down exposing her tits as I reached up and hit the buddy button on the wall.

Tammy looked to her right and saw a man in his mid thirties in the booth next to us stroking his 7-8 inch cock. He must have been surprised to see a woman in the booth because he moved closer to the window to get a better view. I leaned over and sucked on each of her nipples, as I lifted her mini-skirt up exposing her wet, bald pussy.

"Give him a show, play with your pussy. It will really make him jack." I told Tammy as I stood up.

Tammy turned toward the window and spread her legs; with her index finger she circled her clit. With both hands she spread her lips, and slid two fingers into her cunt, with her other hand she fingered her clit.

His hand was flying up and down on his cock as he watched Tammy finger herself. I put a few more dollars into the slot moved closer to Tammy as she took my cock into her mouth.

She bobbed fast on my cock for a minute and then released it from her mouth and shouted, "FUCK ME NOW!"

I grabbed her legs placing them onto my shoulders as I slid my cock into her soaked pussy. Tammy was moaning loudly as a fucked her hard and fast. Knowing that if I kept this pace up I would cum a lot sooner than I wanted to, I pulled my cock out of her pussy. "What the fuck?" Tammy said breathlessly looking up at me.

"I was going to cum toi quick; I want to last a bit longer." I told her.

"I don't care I want your cock in me now." She demanded.

"How about his cock?" I asked motioning to the booth next to us.

"I don't care just get one in me now!" I unlocked our booth door and motioned for the guy to join us.

He about tripped as he exited his booth and came into ours. I told him that she wanted a different cock fucking her as I backed away from her. He did not say a word; he took the head of his cock and slid it easily into her pussy. His cock was pounding her pussy hard and fast.

From my angle I could not see him fucking her as well as I could if I were in the booth next to us. I didn't say a word, placed $10 into the slot as I exited the booth and entered the next booth. From this viewpoint, I really could see his cock pounding her. She arched her hips to meet his thrusts as he picked the pace up.

Suddenly another head popped into the doorway, the new guy entered the booth, unzipped his zipper, pulling out his small cock, stroking it as he watched Tammy getting fucked. "That's it pound my pussy hard and fast with your cock, it feels so fucking good," Tammy yelled to the guy. He pounded her faster and faster until he withdrew his cock from her, stroking it as he did, then shooting streams of his cum all over her stomach and bald pussy.

He stood up pulled his pants up and exited the booth. The guy jacking off moved over towards Tammy, his cock was very small and she did not want him fucking her, she told me later. She leaned forward and took his cock into her mouth, easily deep throating him. She very quickly bobbed her head up and down on his cock, pushing him over the top quickly. She withdrew her mouth from his cock, jacking him off as he shot his cum onto her tits. Thanking her as he pulled his pants up, the guy exited the booth.

Tammy sat there for a minute to regain her composure, cum was dripping off of her body when another man entered her booth. He unbuttoned his pants sliding them off revealing a huge cock. She reached up and could barely get her hand around it as she started stroking it. She leaned forward sliding her mouth onto his cock and sucking as much as she could handle into her mouth.

The man said something to her, so she took her mouth off of his cock and stood up. Cum was dripping down her body when she did, the man sat on the bench and Tammy facing away from him lowered her pussy onto his 10 inch cock. She went slowly at first so she could get used to the size of his cock.

She slid more and more of it into her pussy. Once she had it all the way in, she grinded her hips a bit, then started riding him fast. I could tell by the look on her face that she was really enjoying that cock.

She was riding so hard and fast, she did not notice another man as he approached her with his hard cock. Pressing the head of his cock against her cheek, Tammy turned and started sucking on his cock as she rode her pussy faster on the other cock. The guy had his hands on her hips as he slammed his cock faster and faster into her pussy.

He then lifted her off of his cock as it shot what looked like a gallon of cum across her ass. His cock shot so hard I saw two streams of cum hit the back of her hair. Having seen the other guy cum, pushed the guy she was sucking over the edge he started to cum; Tammy pulled her mouth off his cock as it shot streams of cum over her face and hair. Stroking it one last time a stream hit her chin and neck. Both men dressed and exited the booth.

I really was the one needing relief at that point so I went back over to the booth. Tammy was sitting there her body was covered head to toe in cum. "I feel like such a slut but that was so much fun." She said.

I could not argue that she wasn't by looking at her, I only said, "Well slut would you like another load of cum?"

Tammy did not say a word; she just spread her legs and lifted them. She looked so sexy laying there as my cock slid easily into her well fucked pussy. I slammed my cock hard and fast into her, I could feel that I was close to cumming; I pumped hard and deep into her, shooting streams and streams of cum into her pussy. She squeezed my cock with her pussy muscles, draining the rest of the cum that I had into her.

After taking a few moments to catch our breaths, we both got dressed and exited the booth. Walking behind her as we left the bookstore, I could see cum running down her leg, streaks of it across her back and in her hair. Everyone that we passed smiled as we left.

I opened the passenger door as she climbed into the Blazer, the smell of sex quickly filled the cab. "I never knew that you had such a wild and kinky side to you," Tammy said as we drove back to the hotel.

"I, like you, never had the opportunity to be that way when I was with my ex." I informed her.

"I enjoy making you happy no matter what, and that sure was a big turn on."

"Well, it was a huge turn on, and yes I enjoyed being a slut, but the only reason I did that was because I love you and will do what makes you happy," she told me.

"Babe, that does make me happy and we'll just have to find ways to keep life interesting." I said as we turned into the motel parking lot.

"Well honey, I will be your slut in the future and we will make sure life is interesting." She told me as we walked into our room.

And she has lived up to that promise but that is in a later story.