 Written for Tammy in the USA, this is my attempt at writing with ‘an American voice’. Let me know if you think it works. Or if it doesn’t.

Tammy, Jay and the stranger waited by the window for the three new guys to show up. Every now and then, one or the other of them – sometimes even both – would stroke her bare ass or slide their fingers between her slick pussy lips. Tammy moaned quietly at each and every touch. 

Less than twenty minutes later, they watched a car pull on to the parking lot.

“There’s my boys,” announced the stranger. “I’ll go get ‘em!”

They watched him go out to the car and greet each of them with a handshake and a pat on the back. He began talking earnestly, pointing to the window and gesticulating wildly, clearly describing his – and now their – good fortune. The three newcomers glanced a little suspiciously at the window, as if they couldn’t believe what they were hearing.

Soon the four of them filed into the little motel room. The stranger, smiling broadly, made some introductions: “Now this here is Cal, this here is Michael and this here is Davis. And this lady and gentleman are…well, a very beautiful woman and her extremely generous husband!”

Awkwardly Tammy shook their hands, finding it almost impossible to believe that in a few short minutes, all going well, she would be taking each of them in her cunt one after the other. It was amazing to her how quickly things had changed in her life.

Cal, Michael and Davis, each neat in suit and tie, shook her hand a little warily. They found it hard to make eye contact with her. They seemed uncertain what to make of it all.

Jay seemed even more embarrassed that them. Maybe, thought Tammy, he’s gotten ahead of himself; taken things too far, too fast. She hoped not. The chance of trying black cock was too good to miss out on. 

“Do you like what you see?” Asked Jay, at last. The three nodded shyly at him. “Honey, lay down on the bed and let them see what they’re getting.”

Obediently Tammy slid back on to the bed. Resting her head on the pillows, she spread herself open to their gaze. She felt, rather than saw, three pairs of eyes on her cunt. Tammy pulled her lips apart and felt cum ooze out. She gasped in pleasure. When one of the young men spoke she was jolted out her reverie.

“Listen, I don’t mean to be rude here, sir, really I don’t, but is there any chance the lady could maybe clean up before we start? I’m sorry, but I just down like the idea of sliding up her when she’s so…ya know, so messed up.”

This was Cal speaking, but there was a low murmur of agreement from the other two. For a moment Jay was taken aback. Clearly he hadn’t counted on this. “Sure, guys, sure. I understand,” he said. “Sweetheart, you heard the young man. Go clean up. We can’t disappoint our guests, can we?”

Tammy rose from the bed, crimson with embarrassment. She was half horrified, half excited, at what a cheap whore they must have thought her. In the bathroom she washed her pussy as clean as she could, excited now at the thought that she was cleaning herself up just so as she could take more cum. Patting her cunt dry she saw how wet her juices made the threadbare towel. Becoming a slut again had cost her her self-respect. Trouble was, she realised she didn’t care about that one little bit. At least not when the pussy itch was upon her. At some stage, she thought with a wry little smile, she was going to have to deal with the confusion of emotions…but that was for later, not for now. Now was for hard cocks.

Suitably cleaned, Tammy returned to the bed, smile firmly in place. Once again, she spread her legs and teased her cunt lips apart. “Like what you see now, boys? She asked.

There was a murmur of appreciation. “I love the piercing,” Cal, said rubbing his hands together enthusiastically. Michael concurred with that sentiment. Davis didn’t speak; he just nodded and grinned.

“Right,” said Jay. “I hope our new friend has explained what my wife wants and why.”

“She wants a big dick, and because we’re black you think at least one of us will have a huge one? Does that about summarise it?” As he said this, Cal was half smiling, half irritated by the implicit racial stereotyping. 

Jay winced. “It don’t sound too good when you put it like that. Nothing meant by what we were thinking. We just, you know…”

Cal shrugged. “Well, we’re here now. I’ve never been known to say no to pussy and I’m not about to start now. You want me to take my clothes off now, ma’am?”

“I think that would be a very good idea,” grinned Tammy. “Why don’t the three of you strip? Save a bit of time.”

When the three were naked, it was pretty clear that they wouldn’t need a tape measure to decide the size issue. Both Cal and Michael were well hung, but Davis was sporting some kind of monster.

“Jeez!” Whistled Tammy. “You had some kinda extension on that thing, Davis?”

“No ma’am, it’s all natural and it’s all me,” Davis replied laughing. Both Jay and the stranger looked distinctly uncomfortable by the size of it, aware that they would have to follow him.

“Ever thought of working in movies?” asked the stranger, thoughtfully. “You could earn a fortune, son.”

Davis laughed again and said: “No way. I think of it as a gift to the world!” There was a lot of nervous laughter.

“Who’s first?” asked Michael then.

“I think,” said Tammy slowly, “I think we’d better leave the biggest one ‘til last.”

Cal and Michael looked at one another. “Toss a coin?” Asked Michael. “Heads,” said Cal. It was heads. Cal was first. 

“Let me suck you, honey,” breathed Tammy. As the young black man presented his semi-hard cock to her she reached out and slowly, lovingly began to stroke him. Her mouth slid over the end of his penis and he grew to full erectness, filling her mouth to stretching point. She sucked hungrily awhile, then lay back down on the bed, parting her legs to welcome him.

“Mind if I take you doggie, ma’am? I’d really like that.”

Tammy smiled and without a word she turned and presented her smooth, round ass to the young man. As Cal slipped inside her well-lubricated cunt, Tammy arched her back to give him a deeper access, and groaned as he pushed in to the hilt. 

Jay and the stranger settled into armchairs, both still a little intimidated by the events unfolding before them. Davis and Michael were clearly itching for their chance at the slut and were urging Cal to “fill the bitch up!” Each time they called this encouragement, they shot apologetic sideways glances at Jay. A little embarrassed too, he nodded that it was okay to talk to his wife like that. Whatever reservations Tammy had briefly entertained were now forgotten. She called out to Cal: “Come on, fuck my cunt with your big black cock! Fill me full of fuckin’ cum like the whore I am!” 

With a woman talking dirty like that to him, Cal wasn’t likely to last very long. Sure enough, within four or five minutes he was grunting away and pumping Tammy full of hot cream. As Cal withdrew, Tammy collapsed back on to the bed, already feeling thoroughly well used. “One down, two to go,” said the blonde stranger. Flushed, Tammy turned and said: “Then two more at a time after that! I’m wore out, but I’m not gonna miss out on that!” 

Jay laughed: “Tammy, you’re a true slut and fuckpig in every sense of the word...you’re my little Tammy fuckpig, and I love it!”

Tammy giggled, no-one had ever called her a fuckpig before and she kinda liked it. Cal was already dressing and, once again, before Michael would use her, she had to go to the bathroom to clean up. This time the act definitely made her feel very slutty, and when she was clean of cum, she was still incredibly slick with pussy juice. They’d sure have to throw the towel away after this, she thought with a grin.

Back in the room, the stranger and the boys were discussing the surveying they were conducting at his place. With only Cal dressed it made a bizarre sight. As Tammy lay down on the bed and spread once more, the talking stopped. She stroked her aching pussy, knowing full well that she was so slicked up that she could easily accommodate the two cocks without having need of Davis to open her further. Still, there was no way she was going to announce this fact. Hell, she couldn’t wait for that massive piece of black meat to slide inside her.

Jay went to the overnight bag that had slipped off the bed and pulled out a pair of handcuffs and two lengths of cord. “Thought you might like her pinned down, Michael, stop the little whore bucking around like a dirty fuckpig.”

Michael shrugged and watched as Jay attached the handcuffs to Tammy’s wrists. He pulled her arms behind her head and snapped the cuffs onto the metal headboard. “Hope I remembered the key!” He joked. At least Tammy hoped he was joking.

A length of nylon cord was attached to each leg and Jay pulled her even wider to enable him to attach each piece to the bedposts. Tammy’s cunt was gaping, her well-fucked ass red raw. “I could fist you now without any lube,” noted Jay. “What a fucking slut you are!”

Michael was advancing on her, semi hard cock in hand. “Care to suck me, too, ma’am?” He asked softly.

“Bring it on, hun!” Smiled the little slut. Michael positioned himself over the pinned down Tammy and lowered his cock into her mouth. Tied down like that it was hard for Tammy to suck him properly, but as he grew harder she knew she was doing a good job. 

Once fully hard, Michael clambered between her legs and thrust inside her soaked pussy. “Jeez, man!” he exclaimed, “She is sooooo fucking open!”

Size-wise and stamina-wise, Michael had the edge over Cal. He rammed his cock into her for fully fifteen minutes. Tammy came twice before he shot his load inside her. She was screaming with pleasure, a pleasure increased by the fact she was so firmly trussed. Michael had to put his hand over her mouth so they didn’t alert the sour-faced woman behind the desk. The firmness of the hand over her mouth doubled the strength of her second orgasm.

“Ma’am,” said Michael, “you are…and I mean this as a compliment…the dirtiest woman I have ever come across in my life.”

“Why, thank you, sir!” Said Tammy. “May I say you’re pretty dirty yourself? Time for the next one, I think!”

Seeing as Tammy was tied to the bed, the blonde man offered to clean her. The first towel was drenched with cum, so he went and got a bigger one and proceeded to wipe the mixture of juices from her saturated cunt. When he was through, Tammy raised her head and saw Davis move over to the bed. Pinned down, there was no way she could fit his cock in her mouth. Even only eighty per cent hard he was way too big. Instead he moved between her thighs and manoeuvred his cock to between her cunt lips. She was open, sure, but even so it was a very tight fit. As she grew used to the size of him inside, she began to thrust hep hips up at him. Even pinned down she was bucking like a filthy slut, even with his hand over her mouth the moaning must have been audible back in Fairfax. The other men watched, fascinated and overawed, as he rode her for twenty-odd minutes before grunting and spilling his cum up her. Davis then surprised them all by sliding between her thighs and licking her cunt clean of their combined fuck juice. 

By now Tammy’s cunt was so open she probably could’ve taken all five cocks in her cunt at the same time and not felt a thing. She wondered if it would have been possible. However, now sated, the young black guys were keen to get back to work so there was no way she’d find out that day how many cocks she could take in her in her pussy. Still, she mused, there was always another day.

Each thanked her and Jay for, in Cal’s words: “A lovely time,” and shook hands, very formally, with Jay and the blonde man. With that, they were gone.

Jay looked at the glistening Tammy. Her face and neck were flushed red. She was clearly feeling all used up. “You still want the double, honey?”

“Sweetheart, as wore out as I am, as sore as I am, I want your cocks in my cunt at the same time.” 

Tammy announced that she wanted to be cleaned out properly again, said that it made her feel like a real two-bit whore. Once that was done, they decided she should remain bound and handcuffed to the bed. The restraints cut into her arms and legs but she found she liked the feeling. It was like they were trying to control the slut in Tammy. Of course, they could never control the slut in Tammy, but she thought there was no harm in ‘em trying.

A little awkwardly Jay and the stranger placed themselves either side of her and lifted her ass in the air. The cords pulled at her ankles and Tammy felt a surge of juice flood her cunt. The two men found an angle to enter her and after a little adjusting of positions she felt Jay’s familiar cock push into her. Seconds later, it was joined by the stranger’s dick. For Tammy, it was a most incredible feeling. She revelled in the sensation of two men using her cunt with different rhythms. One slid in deeper as the other slipped out, only to be thrust roughly back in. They were calling her ‘a cunt’, ‘a slut’, ‘a fucking whore’ and ‘a dirty fuckpig’. She didn’t want them to stop. She came hard. Very hard. Very soon, the stranger released the cum from his balls and Jay was only half a minute behind. Knowing that she had just been flooded with hot cum from two different men gave Tammy another little orgasm. 

Once they had recovered, the two men painfully extracted themselves from beneath the exhausted body of their cumslut. The stranger began to dress, saying he’d shower at home. He wondered if they’d meet again. Jay said: “Who knows?” Tammy added that she sure hoped they would.

After a few parting words, Jay and well-fucked wife were alone. “I’ll untie you, honey, you look pretty sore.”

Tammy gave out a satisfied sign and said she was sore all over. “Honey, you are going to have to carry me to the car. I don’t think I’ll walk straight for a week!”

Later, on the journey back to Fairfax, Jay was once again in reflective mood. He had something on his mind and he wasn’t quite sure how to tell her. Still, tell her he would. After what had just taken place, he couldn’t see how she could complain. He just hoped that she’d take it well. Knowing Tammy, she probably would.

“Tammy, honey,” he began cautiously.

“Hmmm?” She asked dreamily, still basking in the post-fuck glow.

“I got something to tell ya, sweetheart. A kinda…confession.”

This snapped Tammy out of her reverie. “Confession, honey, what kind of confession?” She was worried that he’d changed his mind, that the sight of her being a whore with four strangers had disgusted him; that the collision of fantasy and reality had been too much. The tone of his voice made it clear to her that, whatever it was, it was serious. “What kind of confession?” She inquired anxiously.

“Well, the truth is…” he began slowly, before grinding to a halt.

“The truth is?” She pressed. “The truth is what, honey?”

“The truth is, Tammy, that I thought you were screwing around form the day we married.”

“But I promise you…” she said, before Jay’s raised hand cut her short.

“The truth is, Tammy, I thought you were screwing around from the day we married, so I decided that maybe I should be screwing around as well. So, to tell the truth, I was screwing around.”

For Tammy this was a bombshell. All the time Tammy was trying to quell the pussy itch, Jay was fucking some little slut. Some dirty whore. She couldn’t believe it. But, having just had five cocks in her pussy and ass, there wasn’t much she could say. “Who with?” was all she said.

Jay blew out hard. “Carla.”

This was too much for Tammy. “Not THAT Carla? Jeez, Jay, tell me it wasn’t that Carla?”

THAT Carla was Carla Chase, bitch ex-girlfriend of Jay. Tammy hated her and she hated Tammy. 

Jay nodded but didn’t speak. Tammy slumped back in the car seat. “Is this what the last couple of days has been about?” She asked. “Just so as you could tell me about her?”

Jay shook his head vigorously. “Not at all, honey. It’s just that I thought you should know, now that our relationship has kinda of…altered. Ya know. Cards on the table and all.”

Tammy knew she couldn’t complain. She couldn’t blame him for thinking that she’d been screwing around. It was what the whole town thought anyway. “But her, Jay. I just can’t believe you’ve been screwing her. You know I hate the bitch.”

“I know, honey. I know you hate her. The thing is…”

“The thing is, what?” Asked Tammy, after his sentence had trailed off.

“The thing is, I’d like you to get to know her better. A lot better.” He turned, grinning to his wife. “Do you understand what I mean by that, honey?”

The colour drained from Tammy’s face as she realised that she knew exactly what he meant by that. 

To be continued.