 I was at the door, seeing the last of my girlfriends off, after the party.

"Bye," they all chorused as they wandered down the drive.

"Go careful," I responded.

"What about Nick?" Lynne asked as she pulled her coat around herself.

"Oh his taxi is on the way," I replied.

"Ok well night then," she said as she leant forward and kissed me. We hugged then she joined the others, who were waiting at the end of the drive.

As I closed the door, Nick was behind me at the kitchen door.

"She should have stayed and we could have had more of that," he said as he wandered back into the living room.

"What?" I asked, as I followed him.

"You two kissing and stuff....." 

"You are a wicked man Nicholas....and Tony would you have liked her to stay as well?"

He shook his head furiously as a big grin covered his face. I smiled at him knowing that he would love to see me with another woman. Come to that he would love to see me fucked by another man as well. I sat on the settee next to Nick, took my shoes off and curled my legs up beneath me. He rested his hand on my knee, gently tapping his fingers.

"I've been wondering all night....." he trailed off as I leant forward and kissed him.

"I know you have..." I replied. As I pulled away, the doorbell rang. "Maybe that's your taxi Nick."

"Doubt it, I haven't booked one," he replied with a chuckle. As I looked back at him from the door, I saw him look at Tony. I, too, glanced in his direction and saw the grin spread across his face. The bell rang again.

"Oh hi Lynne...you're not in on this as well are you?" I asked quietly. She looked somewhat confused.

"No I left my keys in the kitchen," she replied frowning at me.

"Nick was just saying you should have stayed," I raised my voice so he could hear then lowered it again as I added, "so will you? It appears there is no taxi and I think some fun could be had if you are game."

She nodded and we both walked into the living room. The two men now sat in adjacent seats chatting quietly, which they stopped as we entered the room. I looked at Lynne and smiled, she returned one of her own. We have known each other for the best part of ten years but it seems like forever and that we can read each other's minds.

"So you are going to stay until Nick's taxi gets here?" I asked, "Then they can drop you off."

"Oh yes that sounds like a plan." She replied as she removed her coat. "Why, Nick, should I have stayed?"

"For this," I replied as I leant up and kissed her squarely on the lips. She pulled me close to her as she deepened the kiss, her tongue probing at my lips. 

"Just that..."

"Well no, I happen to know that he has a thing about your breasts, ever since he fished that tenner out." I started to caress her breasts, as I spoke, through the material of her top. "Oh he has a thing about sexy lingerie and I don't think he'd be disappointed with that bra."

"You think?" She asked as she looked down the front of her top. "The thong matches. Do you think we should ask him?" As I nodded, she slipped her top off. There was a moan from the side of the room, as Nick got to his feet, his erection very apparent. He moved across to us and started to caress her breasts. As I started to move away, she caught my wrist.

"Oh, no you don't...let's see what you have on."

I slowly undid the buttons on my blouse, as all three watched me, Nick still playing with Lynne's breasts. I slipped the top off my shoulders to reveal the top of a pale blue basque. 

"Finally I get to see the blue one." Nick said as one hand started to caress my breast through the ruffled material. "It's very nice."

"Oh but now this is still unfair." I said and smiled at Lynne. I removed his hand from my breast and continued to hold it. She followed suit, then between us, we undid his shirt. As we removed it, we both ran our hands down his chest and stomach to the top of his trousers, but no further.

She nodded in the direction of Tony and we moved across to him, pulled him to his feet and did the same to him. We then pulled him across to where we had left Nick standing. I hooked my fingers in to the waistband of both Tony's and Nick's trousers and pulled them in close to me, feeling each erection.

"Lynne, look at these naughty boys."

She stood in front of me and put her hand on their pricks. As she did so she kissed me, I responded this time, my tongue exploring her mouth. She pulled away smiling.

"They liked that. You try it." She said as she hooked her fingers in their waistbands and I replaced hers on their pricks. We again kissed deeply and as we did so, the pricks throbbed.

"Ah but does it do anything for you?" I asked as I stroked her pussy through her jeans. Then I smiled at her and turned to Nick. My hand went to the nape of his neck stroking his short hair; I pulled him towards me and kissed him. He responded by pulling me closer to him, his tongue exploring my mouth. I eased out of his arms and turned to Tony. I leant up to kiss him and as I did so, I started to undo his trousers. He moaned slightly as we continued to kiss and my hand brushed his prick. I pulled away from him and lowered his trousers.

"Oh look I got silk in mine. What you got in yours Lynne?" 

She took that as her cue and started to undo Nick's trousers, whilst kissing him. She moaned as he responded passionately to her kisses. As she lowered his trousers, his prick sprang out to greet her. 

"Oh I got a commando....and a very lovely one at that." She exclaimed as she slowly stroked his prick.

"Now that is much fairer," I laughed.

"Now hang on a minute here..." Nick started, "I'm the only one that's naked."

"Yes that is true," Lynne agreed, "but I don't see a problem with it and it's easily solved." She finished as she moved across to Tony and removed his silk boxers.

"That is not what I had in mind." He countered as she turned back to him. He then grabbed the front of her jeans pulling her towards him. He started to kiss her again as he undid her jeans. Nick lowered her jeans and true to her word, she had on a deep black lacy thong that matched the balconette bra. Whilst they were engrossed with Lynne, I moved back slightly, aware that I was the only one with any amount of clothing on. I was not quick enough as Lynne again caught my wrist, and then proceeded to unzip my skirt, letting it fall to the floor.

"Oh another commando...." She said as her hand brushed against my smooth mound.

I led Tony over to the dining chairs and bade he sat down, and then as I started to caress his prick I knelt in front of him. I took the tip of his prick and licked around the head, tasting him. Slowly I lowered my mouth over his prick, taking in his full length. Then withdrawing, slowly, licking and sucking as I did so.

Nick led Lynne to the adjacent chair and got her to sit on the edge and lean back. He stroked her pussy lips with his fingers first through the material of her thong. Then he slipped his fingers beneath, searching out her clit. She sighed as he found it, his fingers probed deeper, finding her wet warm pussy. As he slowly fucked her with his fingers, he lowered his mouth and greedily sucked and licked her hard little clit. 

Before long, she was writhing against his fingers and tongue, nearing an orgasm. I started to build up the pace on Tony's prick aiming to time their coming together. She beat him; her body went rigid, as she came. He followed closely coming in my mouth. I took it all then turned to Nick with a grin on my face and leant forward to kiss him. He leant back slightly and as he did, I pushed him to the floor and straddled him. Pinning his hands above his head, I then kissed him deeply. He returned the kiss. I released his hands and took hold of his prick, slowly lowering myself onto him. We both sighed; he as he felt my hot pussy surround his hard prick; me as his prick filled me.

I fucked him slow and deep, withdrawing almost completely before sliding down his full length again. He released my breasts from the basque and caressed them, tweaking my hard nipples. Then I stepped up the pace shorter faster strokes and he met me with his own thrusts. I again slowed down as I felt my orgasm starting; the long slow strokes helped it build to a crescendo. I moaned as I came the sensations all over my body driving me to further pleasure. 

"Get up and turn around." Nick requested hoarsely. I do as requested and see Tony watching us, with another massive hard on. Ours eyes met and then he whispered something to Lynne. She nodded and then stood and straddled him on the chair; she lowered herself onto his prick. Nick held my hips and pulled me back onto him as he thrust into me, I watched Lynne fuck Tony.

I turned to look at Nick and with one hand still supporting myself; I started to stroke his balls with the other. He moaned as I did so, his balls contracted as he shot his load into my wet pussy. We sat on the floor and watched as Lynne continued to fuck Tony bringing both her and him to a second climax.

End of part one...