 Written for Tammy in the USA, this is my attempt at writing with 'an American voice'. Let me know if you think it works. Or if it doesn't.

* * * * *

In the morning, Tammy stretched lazily as she woke. She felt warm inside. That was some dream she had last night, she thought to herself. Then, as the memory of the night's events hit her, she jerked wide awake. 

She looked down her tanned body and saw the dried cum streaking her thighs, felt the rawness of her pussy lips. She looked across at Jay, he was snoring gently, one arm draped across his eyes. She lay back on her pillows and recalled the evening. OK, Jay had been fine about it last night, but how would he feel in the cold light of day? In spite of her worries, she couldn't help the moistness that began to tingle in her pussy. Her husband had seen her fuck anther man and he hadn't seemed to mind. Truth be told, he actually seemed to like it. He seemed to like it a lot.

Her left hand snaked up to her nipple and she began to stroke. Her right hand slid down her stomach, between her legs and found her clit. It was already swollen. As her finger came into contact with it, she gave out a little moan. He had said that he wanted her to have as much cock as she could handle. In her mouth, in her cunt and in her ass. He'd said she should leave her panties off to advertise that she was a slut. He'd said he would clean her cunt and ass of other men's hot spunk. She began to rub her clit with a greater urgency as the memories came flooding in.

She heard Jay stir beside her. Her finger was still at her cunt. She stopped her rubbing but left it there. She wasn't sure how he would react. Maybe someone had slipped something in his beer and it had driven him crazy for a few hours. What would he say now?

"I see you're already awake, hun. And I see you're horny already." He threw his head back and laughed. "Jeez, sweetheart, didn't you get enough cock last night?"

She looked at him, a hint of fear still in her eyes. "You don't mind, Jay, you really don't mind about…you know, the way I am?"

His lips lightly brushed her forehead and he murmured softly: "Darlin', I told you I don't mind. Truth is, I was kinda worried that you'd been slutting it around behind my back already."

She shook her head. "I wasn't, Jay, I really wasn't. Last night was the first time, I promise you."

"Well, I'll have to take you word for it, hun. What counts is that I'm in on it now. Ya still in the mood to be a real slut, Tammy? You still want your cunt, mouth and ass stuffed with cock?"

Tammy could only nod. Jay grinned broadly at her. "Well, now," he said as he slid between her thighs and pushed his stiff cock into her still sloppy pussy, "time for your first load of the day! I fill you full of cum and then we'll head off and find you some more. You want more cock today, Tammy baby?"

She knew everything was gonna be okay. "Oh God," she moaned.!Jay, I want more cock. I want more cock!" As she spoke, she came for the first time of many that day.

When he had emptied his balls into her receptive slit, she rose for the bed and headed for the shower. "No, hun," he said. "Ain't no sense in getting yourself all cleaned up if you're just gonna go out and get yourself all dirty again, is there?"

Tammy couldn't walk around like that, so she got Jay to agree she could shower so long as she didn't wash her pussy. Tammy was quite happy with that arrangement.

After they'd breakfasted, Tammy went back to the bedroom to dress. She saw that Jay had emptied the contents of her underwear drawer into the bin, and smiled. She wondered if he'd maybe gotten too carried away when he'd said last night about her having no need of panties any more. From the closet she picked a plain cotton, light blue dress and pulled it on over her head. In the mirror she checked out the way it clung to her and smirked at how it barely skimmed her ass. 

"Hun?" She called. "Is this okay?" 

Jay sauntered into the bedroom and surveyed his wife. "Well," he said, "it's a little on the long side but it will do for the first time. Need to get you used to it."

Tammy smiled at the 'little on the long side' line as her husband continued: "I've booked us a motel room, in a place where no-one will know us. Can't have you slutting your holes round here, can we? Least not just yet."

As they stepped out to the car, Tammy felt the warm breeze tug at the hem of her dress and gently kiss her lips but it didn't soothe Tammy's cunt itch. Only one thing could ease that.

Driving along, Jay told her to lift her dress so that trucker's might see what a slut she was.

"Am I going to fuck a trucker today, hun?" She asked excited. This was Slut Christmas as far as Tammy was concerned.

Jay shrugged, his concentration torn between the road and his wife's smooth cunt. "Maybe on the way home, baby. I'll get you some cock for the motel first." His face creased with a wicked grin. "Know what, Tammy?"

"What's that, sweets?" Asked Tammy, hoping he had another nasty idea.

"Seeing as you're gonna be a real slut now, I think that we should get the word 'slut' or 'whore' tattooed on your cunt. How do you like that?

Tammy exhaled deeply, still shocked at the complete change in her husband. Less than 24 hours ago he had been content to have her flash her pussy at strangers, now we wanted her to advertise her sluttiness with a tattooed cunt. "Jeez, honey, I like that fine, but…ya know, what if I have to got to the doctor's or something? Ya know, I could have, like, professional people seeing it."

"Why not," Jay laughed. "If the doctor saw that it would make him realise he was gonna get himself some pussy! Just make sure it's a man doctor, unless you want to try a bit of pussy yourself!"

Tammy hadn't really considered going with another woman before, but she realised that she wasn't against the idea per se. "Would you like me to go with another woman, Jay?"

"I'd like that fine, Tammy, I'd like that fine!"

"Would you like to join in, hun? I'd like you to join."

"Sure would like that a lot."

That was another thing she hadn't thought about before. That would mean him fucking other woman, and although she hardly had grounds for complaint, she wasn't really sure how she felt about that.

She leaned forward and put the radio on, then settled back into the seat and closed her eyes, with her dress up around her waist and her cunt exposed to the Texas sun.

An hour, or maybe two, later they pulled off the interstate and hit a little town that she didn't really know. It was much like their town, if a little bigger.

"No-one knows us here, Tammy," said her husband. "We can have real good fun here."

At the motel Jay paid a sour-faced old woman a week's rent in advance. "Case we need it again," he said winking at Tammy. The room was okay, nothing special and the slight seediness somehow added to the allure of their adventure. Jay threw a bag containing a couple of items on to the bed and said: "Okay, honey, it's time to get you someone to fuck."

"Is it my choice or your choice?" She asked a little nervously.

"Oh yours, Tammy, always yours." Then he grinned and added: "For the time being anyway! Come on, let's gat that sweet ass of yours moving!"

As they went back out into the heat of the day, Tammy wondered how easy it would be to pick up a man when she was with her husband. She knew how easy it was when she was on her own but having a husband kinda complicated matters. She needn't have worried; it was as easy as pie. 

They went to lunch in a pretty smart restaurant. There were a couple of businessmen sweating in suits. None of them did anything for Tammy. Jay raised an eyebrow at her. She shook her heard. They ordered and ate their meal watching the door. Only a handful of people came in and they were talking about giving up and going elsewhere. Just then a man in casual pants and an open-necked white shirt ambled in. Tammy's eyes lit up.

Jay smiled and leaned over to her. "Showtime, honey?" He asked. She smiled at him. "Thought so, sweetheart, I thought so."

There were a lot of empty tables all around the place but the guy had looked Tammy over as he came in and he deliberately chose a table very near them. She saw him glance appreciatively at her tanned legs and he shuffled round on his chair to make sure he had the best view of them.

Immediately Tammy swung into slut mode. She revelled in the feel of the fresh air on her bare cunt. The guy pretended to read his newspaper a little but soon cast that aside and let his eyes roam over her. She spread her legs wide now, not caring who could see her pierced cunt. Jay was with her, he wanted her to be a slut and a whore and she would be. Her fingers dropped to her slit and she pulled her lips open so the stranger could see how wet she was.

This one wasn't shy. Within a minute or two he slid into the seat next to her. He was smiling: "I wonder if I could buy you folks a drink? I haven't seen you here before."

"That's coz we're not from round here, sir," said Jay. "And a drink would be very nice. You know, I have a funny feeling that we can repay your kind offer a hundredfold."

"How's that?" the guy asked. 

Jay grinned at him. "Now, I don't really know the best way of putting this, but…well, I can see, judging by the bulge in your pants that you kinda like the look of my wife. Funny thing is, my wife kinda likes the look of you. Ain't that a happy coincidence, now?"

The man looked a little uncertain. "It sure could be," he agreed slowly. 

"See…and it's real hard for me to put this any other way…but my wife kinda has a hankering to have two, pardon my French, cocks inside her. You know, one in the pussy and one in the ass. We were kinda wondering if you'd like to be the cock in her ass?"

It took a time for this suggestion to sink in. When it did, all he said was: "Fuck, yes!" 

"Well," said Jay rising, "let's pay the check and get outta here!"

Ten minutes later, having braved the harsh stare of the old woman at the motel, they were back in the room and Tammy was sliding the dress over her head.

"I have say, sir," said the guy, "that your wife has beautiful tits."

"Thank you," said Jay. "Tammy don't you think you should thank the nice gentleman?"

She smiled. "I will, but in my own way." With that she reached for his zip and released his straining erection. "Why, honey," she exclaimed in mock surprise, "the gentleman has a beautiful cock!"

She put her mouth on him and saw Jay get out of his clothes and cross to bed. He climbed up behind her and slid into her cunt in one deft thrust. Tammy moaned onto the stranger's hard meat.

"See, sir, my wife is a slut. Always wet and open for cock. Can't help it, she's nothing but a whore. And, know what? I love it."

He withdrew for a moment and reached for the bag that had fallen to the floor and pulled out a tube of lube. "I think I'll get her ass ready for you now." He fucked her in slow, easy stokes and he applied his slickened fingers to the entrance of her ass. She liked it in the ass a lot and he opened her easily. He thrust three fingers in at first and then, as she opened to him, worked his whole hand into her so that she felt him at the gateway to her bowels.

"She ready for you now, fella," said Jay to the stranger. They hadn't asked his name, they didn't want to know it.

The guy took his cock from Tammy's hungry mouth as Jay went and positioned himself beneath her. Her cunt, still sloppy for the fucking earlier, not to mention the remains of the spunk from last night, accepted him in one push. Tammy groaned with desire as she felt the man move behind her and put his hard cock at the entrance to her little hole. He pushed at her but couldn't work it in at first. The stranger's fingers were in her asshole, opening her again. She loved the feeling of another man's fingers in her ass. It made her feel the whore she was.

Then he slid his cock inside her. It was there. There first time she'd ever taken two cocks at once. She moaned loud as they two men inside found the same rhythm. Soon her holes were being pounded mercilessly. They weren't just fucking her; they were using her like the slut she was. She loved it.

The three of them were grunting and Jay and the guy were calling her dirty names.

"I am!" she cried. "I'm a dirty slut. I'm a shameless cunt. Use me. Use my fuckin' cunt and fuckin' ass. Fill me up with your fuckin' cocks, fuck your cum up my slutty holes!"

Tammy came twice before she felt Jay shoot his cum deep inside her. Seconds later the guy released what seemed a gallon of spunk into her bowels. She felt his cream so deep inside her that she came again.

Tammy collapsed on to the bed. "Jeez," she breathed. "I'm such a fucking cheap whore!" She was amazed at herself, some part of her was disgusted with how slutty she'd been, but, most of all, she was proud of herself.

The three of them lay on the bed and got their breath back.

"You have to be anywhere in a hurry?" Jay asked.

"Not today, I don't Not now anyways!" He grinned.

"That's real good," said Jay. "See my wife wants to try something else."

"Oh, yeah?"

"Tell him, Tammy, tell him what you'd like to try with two guys."

Tammy shivered. "Bout the two, ya mean?"

Jay nodded.

A little embarrassed, she turned to the stranger and said: "Truth is, sir, I kinda like the idea of having two cocks in my cunt at the same time."

He laughed out loud. "Jeez, you're one horny bitch! I've never met such a slut before. This is my lucky day."

"You wanna try it with us?" She asked.

"You bet honey!"

This part wasn't easy at all, though. Both Jay and the other guy were pretty big. She couldn't fit them in at the same time.

"Hmmm," said Jay after a few more fruitless attempts. "I think we have a problem here. Still, there has to be a solution. What we need is a guy with a real big cock to open her right up. Now, where we gonna find a guy like that round here?"

The stranger laughed. "Well, I don't want to get accused of racial stereotyping here, but aren't black guys all supposed to be…ya know, pretty big?"

"Guess so," said Tammy, who had always wanted black cock but somehow had never met a black guy that she wanted to fuck before. She had wished ever since that she hadn't been so fussy.

"Well, I got three black guys working with at my place today. They're surveying the land and doing some shit I don't really understand. I know 'em pretty well. Young guys, bright, good looking. Maybe we could if one of them would like to be the one."

"Good idea, fella," said Jay, "but you can't just ask 'em right out, 'excuse me, I was just wondering which of you three had the biggest dick', can you?"

Tammy was grinning all over her face now. "I have a better idea. Why don't you ask all three of them over and we can find out then. I can tell you which one is the biggest after they've all been inside me."

Jay laughed and said: "Honey, you are such a dirty cunt, I just love you to bits!"

The guy made a call on his cell phone. He spoke quietly to someone for a minute or two, then ended the call and said: "It's all fixed up. They'll be here in fifteen minutes."

To be continued...