 I had just been dumped by my boyfriend. The rat-bastard had caught me jilling-off to lesbian porn and freaked out. He said he "didn't want to take any chances" and would rather be alone than worry about his girlfriend leaving him for another woman. What a prude. I'd had a couple of encounters with other girls, but I like the "D", you know? I'd just been bored and needed to get off. 

Anyway, "Pecker Head" was gone and I was all alone in my apartment, bored, horny, frustrated and angry. I needed something more than a quick masturbation session. I called some old boyfriends but no one was available. Damn! I needed some dick and I needed it NOW! I took a couple of shots of Tequila, smoked a few bong hits, put on a short sexy dress and hit the road. I should say that my name is Tammy and I'm 24 years old. I'm 5'9" tall with long black hair, brown eyes and C-cup breasts. I keep fit and have a flat stomach a nice ass (if I do say so myself) and keep my bush lightly trimmed, mostly natural since I don't like to shave "down there".

I lived a few blocks away from an adult movie theater and started walking towards it. With no real plan in mind I bought a ticket and went inside. The movie was already running. It was dark as I stood in the back letting my eyes adjust, but I could hear moaning and the sounds of guys jacking-off over the movie sound track. To the rear of the theater near the back I saw a cluster of people on their feet. All their attention seemed to be on one person who was seated. I walked down the aisle and found an extremely disgusting and sexy sight. Ten or more guys were standing over this cute blonde. She was stretched out in her seat, legs up on the seats in front of her. She had thigh-high stockings on and her skirt was pulled up around her waist. Her blouse was unbuttoned and she wasn't wearing a bra. As she was diddling herself through her panties (blue satin) with one hand, her other hand was playing with her breasts. The guys were all jacking off on her. She already had gobs of cum in her hair and face, on her tits, stomach and panties. She was really getting off on it! When a guy would cum on her body she would rub it in, sometimes licking her fingers, sometimes pushing the cum down to rub into her pussy under her panties. The cum on her face she was leaving alone, evidently she liked how it felt dripping off her forehead, cheeks and chin. The shots that hit her tongue or lips were quickly swallowed. 

"Fuck, yeah", she moaned, "Cum all over my tight little body!"

She came herself several times as I stood there, mouth open, heart pounding, my pussy starting to get wet. As the guys jostled for position around her I looked down and there was a large dick right next to my left hand. I reached out without even looking at the face of the owner and started stroking it. It felt so good in my hand, very natural and I REALLY wanted to make it squirt. I think the guy had been playing with it for a while already because it started swelling and I thought it was about to shoot. I pulled him over closer to the blonde and really started jerking it. I wanted to aim that cum right in her face. As he got closer I took aim and stroked faster. He started spasming and came. I had aimed a little high on the first shot and it hit her forehead and hair, I lowered my aim and hit her square in the nose and lips on the next shot, finally dribbling several drops over her chin. Her tongue shot out and she licked her lips, moaning in pleasure. The guy quickly pulled away, turned and practically ran out of the theater.

Someone was tapping me on the shoulder. I looked and it was an old guy with a white beard. He had his cock out and was looking at my hand and gesturing towards his dick. I took the hint and started playing with him. It was a nice cock for such an old guy. He was probably in his late 60's and his dick was around 8 inches long. Using both hands I yanked on it giving him a quick hand-job. As he was about to cum I moved him over and aimed towards the blonde's panties. He shot a huge wad right on the gusset and then all over her hand and panties. She came instantly and rubbed his cum into her crotch. The old man leaned over, kissed me on the cheek, winked and walked away. Wow. I was really getting turned on. The girl hadn't even noticed I was there and she still had men surrounding her. 

Glancing to my left I saw a very cute guy looking at me. He was in his early 20's and looked a little nervous. 

I walked over to him and asked "Cum here often?" 

He smiled and said "First time. You?"

"Me too." and I dropped to my knees. 

He gasped as I quickly unzipped his fly and reached in his pants. A nice fat uncircumcised semi-hard cock popped out and hit me in the cheek. Smiling I looked up into his eyes, grabbed his dick and dragged it all over my face. I opened my mouth and let my tongue lightly play over the head. I kissed it all over and then put it in my mouth. God it felt good! I love sucking cock. They're so warm, soft and hard at the same time! I fucking Love it! 

As I was sucking and stroking him I looked over at the Blonde. She was even more covered in cum now, with some even dripping off her stockings. She had both hands on her tits and two cocks were cumming on her stomach while a third was shooting on her face.

"Cum on my panties" I heard her gasp. "everyone shoot on my panties now, I want them totally soaked in cum!" 

Two guys moved down and she lifted her legs up. The guys stood between her legs and almost simultaneously came on her panties. They squeezed out from between her legs and two more guys took their place. This time she pulled her panties aside and I could see her blonde unshaved pussy under her panties, it was matted with cum. The two new guys shot their wads all over her pubic hair and she lifted her ass off her seat as she came again.

The cock in my mouth was getting larger now and I knew the guy was close. Putting all my attention on it, I looked into his eyes again and smiled around his mushroom head. Stroking the shaft, I licked and sucked, my panties getting wetter as I anticipated the cum I eagerly wanted in to taste. 

"Oh my God, I'm gonna cum!" I heard and he started bucking his hips, trying to fuck my face. I let him and reached back to hold his ass cheeks as he shoved it in and out of my mouth. Suddenly he stopped and grabbed me by the sides of my head. Blast after blast of hot semen shot in and I tried to hold it in. I gagged and some shot out my nose. I swallowed and pulled away from him. Looking down on me he had this horrified look on his face.

"Sorry" he said and staggered away towards the bathroom. I laughed. Cum was dripping out of my nose and down my chin. FUCK I felt Great!

I looked around and saw a middle-aged black man rubbing himself through his overalls as he watched me and the Blonde. I stood up and motioned for him to come closer. He looked healthy and clean and so I said "Let me see your dick".

He smiled and pulled out a 10 inch snake. I held it and examined it like I'd never seen a penis before. It was beautiful. 

"I want this thing in my cunt, are you ready to try and satisfy me?"

"Ma'am, I've never been more ready" he laughed.

I held on to his cock and walked around to the row in front of the Blonde. Kneeling on the seat I leaned over the back of the seat and lifted my dress up over my hips. The man pulled my panties off and held them up to his face, sniffing in a deep breath.

"God damn, lady, your pussy smells FINE!"

"Keep the panties, have a taste, but just fuck the shit out of me!"

He leaned down and gave my cunt a quick lick sending a shock wave up my spine. I arched my back to give him easy access and I felt his cock head rubbing over my opening. My juices got him wet and he slid it it. Oh Man! It felt fantastic! He held my hips and eased in slowly at first. Reaching around me he found my clit and started lightly playing with it as his cock stroked slowly in and out. I looked up and saw the Blonde was still getting doused with cum. Someone had taken off her heels and was sucking on the toes of one foot while cumming on her other foot. This was driving her wild and she was cumming again. Cum was dripping off of her in rivulets, it was everywhere.

The man in my pussy was an expert. He was bringing me to the brink and then backing off. He'd pound me hard for a few minutes, then go slow, teasing my clit all the while. When he started tickling my ass hole with his finger I nearly lost it. I love getting rimmed with a finger or tongue, it gives me shivers and makes me crazy. He started pounding me again, rubbing my clit and fingering my asshole and this time I knew he wasn't going to slow down. I was building towards a huge orgasm and I yelled back at him,

"Cum inside me, cum in my cunt! I want the cum from that big black dick deep inside me!"

He moaned and picked up the pace. After a few more strokes he shoved it as hard as he could and I nearly felt my eyeballs pop out of my head. He came and he came hard! Shot after shot of hot cum erupted into me. I exploded in a mind-bending orgasm and nearly passed out. A few moments later his erection started to subside and he pulled out slowly. I lifted my head and the Blonde was gone! I straightened myself up a bit, bent over and kissed his dick lightly and ran out of the theater to a chorus of 

"Aww, Oh man she's leaving too!" from the guys in the back rows.

For some reason I needed to see and perhaps to talk to the Blonde woman. Out in the street I looked left and right. I spotted her walking up the sidewalk and started to follow. My pussy was squishy and I felt cum dripping down my thighs as I walked fast to catch up to her. Close to the end of the block I did catch up. She was very petite, about 5'3" tall with a pageboy haircut and tiny titties. I walked up behind her and said, 

"Excuse me..."

She turned around and I could see she was still covered in cum from head to toe, she hadn't cleaned up a bit. She looked startled, but when she saw me she said,

"Oh, I thought you were one of the guys from the theater"

"No, but I was there and saw what was going on"

"What, you want to try and 'Save' me or something? I enjoyed that, don't try and guilt me or anything!"

"No," I said, "you have it all wrong, I was extremely turned on and actually was getting fucked while I watched you. I just wanted to meet you and say thank you, that's all"

She looked quizzically at me and then pulled me into the darkness of the alley a few feet away.

"Getting fucked huh? Show me" she said and pointed to my crotch as she pushed me against the brick wall of the alley. I lifted my skirt and spread my legs. She looked down and said,

"Looks like somebody made a mess in your pussy," and she smiled, "mind if I take a closer look?"

I breathed heavily and said "Go right ahead".

She squatted down and licked my inner thighs one by one, slowly sucking the cum that had been dripping down my legs into her mouth. I gasped as she moved closer to my crotch. she stuck her nose against my clit and inhaled deeply, then snaked her tongue up and down my slit. My knees went weak and I almost came.

"Yep, freshly fucked," she said and stood up to face me.

I stared into her eyes, eyes with cum stuck to their eyelashes, and whispered,

"I want you. I want to do things to you. Bad things. Nasty things. And I want you to do things to me"

She smiled the biggest shit-eating grin and reached down for my hand. Holding my hand she led me out of the alley and down the sidewalk. 

"I'm Katie" she said

"Tammy" I replied, my heart about to explode out of my chest.

We walked another block or two and without saying a word she led me up and into a nice Brownstone and into her home.

Placing a finger to her lips, she indicated that I should be quiet. It looked like a typical American home with framed photos of her and a husband or boyfriend on the walls and shelves. Inside the door she slowly removed her blouse and skirt and shoes leaving her panties and stockings on. She pointed to my dress and I took it off, then took off my shoes. I was completely naked now.

Taking my hand again she led me up the stairs. As we walked down the hall on tip-toes, I was as nervous as a Bride on her wedding night. I was so excited but also a little scared. What had I gotten myself into? We approached a door and again she put her fingers to her lips. Opening the door slowly she said, "Hi sweetie, I'm home! Did you miss me?"

I walked slowly in behind her and looked into a master bedroom. In the far corner near the foot of the bed was a naked man tied to a wooden chair! His arms and legs were tied to the chair and he was gagged and blindfolded. He had his penis and balls locked up in some kind of plastic contraption that kept him from getting an erection. He was nicely built, brown hair, a day's worth of beard stubble, and looked to be in good shape. Katie looked back at me and smiled a wicked smile and again indicated that she wanted me to be quiet.

"I've been very naughty, honey. Would you like to know how naughty?"

The man nodded his head and through the gag it sounded like he said "Yes, tell me".

She sauntered over to him, pulling me along. She pulled my hand over to him and showed me that she wanted me to touch him lightly. I slowly ran my fingers up and down his chest through his chest hair making him squirm. Then I ran my hand down to his thighs and tickled him near his balls. He groaned.

"My panties are wet, baby" she said, "but not only from my own juices"

The man squirmed again, testing the bindings.

"You want a taste?" she said and slowly removed his gag.

"Oh god, I thought you'd never come back!" he exclaimed

"QUIET," she practically yelled back at him. "If you talk again I'll put the gag back on and come back later. He hung his head and submitted. Katie slowly peeled the cum soaked panties off of her body, leaving the stockings on and held them in front of his face.

"Sniff" was all she said. He lifted his head and inhaled. He then stuck his tongue out and tried to get a lick.

"Oh, you want these don't you?" she teased. 

"Yes please" he begged an leaned closer.

She bent down to his ear and whispered, "They're soaked in cum, baby. Dozens of men came all over them, just for you. And you are going to suck all the cum out of them for me aren't you?"

"Oh God," he whispered bak at her, "fuck yes, let me suck all the jizz out of your panties." 

He was squirming more now, visibly uncomfortable with the chastity device keeping him from getting hard. Slowly she started rubbing the panties over his lips and mouth, letting him taste and suck on them. Then suddenly she roughly started rubbing them all over his face, getting his face all wet with the cum from all those men. He started breathing heavily, getting more an more excited. Backing away she pulled me along with her leaving him to sniff and lick his lips. Still blindfolded, he had no idea that I was in the room. She bent me over and walked me over to this chair and shoved my ass into his face.

"Lick me baby, lick my asshole, but stay away from my cunt, you aren't allowed to taste that yet" she ordered.

As Katie spread my cheeks apart, he stuck out his tongue and I backed my ass into him. His tongue hit the spot and he started tongue fucking my asshole like it was the best thing he'd ever tasted. God it felt good. It was tough to hold off and not moan. Finally she pulled me away and said,

"OK, that was pretty good. Here's your reward," 

and she fed her panties to him a little at a time until the entire pair was in his mouth.

"Now," she said, "I have a surprise for you. Normally, I'd untie you and I'd let you lick and lap my cum-drenched body of all the sperm that so many men deposited on me. But tonight I have a new fantasy. I've always wondered what it would be like to eat pussy. I had a little taste earlier tonight, just a little one, mind you, but now I think I want more. So I brought home a guest."

Visibly confused and excited he tilted his head just like a puppy dog would. She pulled me onto the bed and had me kneel near the foot of the bed facing him so my pussy was close to his eye level. She then went over and removed his blindfold.

"You like what you see honey?" she said, and his eyes went wide as he looked over every inch of my exposed body. 

"Keep those filthy panties in your mouth, now. We wouldn't want you to distract us with any chitter-chatter"

She walked over to the bed and laid down on it, scooting her head between my legs. She bent her head back and looked at her husband from between my legs, 

"This cunt had a big ol' load shot up inside it tonight. You want me to lick it clean baby?" she said and he nodded yes. 

She put her hands on my ass and pulled down. I spread my legs apart further and lowered my pussy down on her mouth. Her tongue slithered between my lips and I let out a sigh, oh, it felt so nice! As I stared into her husband's face I started massaging my breasts and licking my lips while his wife devoured my pussy. She licked and moaned, sucking my lips into her mouth and tongue fucking me, coaxing the juices out of me. He was going wild. His eyes were wide and he was visibly uncomfortable. I think what was getting me off more than anything was when she inhaled deeply avery few minutes, taking in the scent of my recently fucked pussy. 

I could see that his cock was straining at the confinement. My breathing started getting short and I could feel my orgasm coming. She started alternatingly licking me slowly from back to front and nibbling on my clit. When I started thinking about all the cum on her face that was now smeared on my pussy I started to cum. I rocked back and forth, rubbing my cunt all over her face as I pinched my nipples. Her tongue was going wild and I could feel her nose on my button. I leaned back and let out a howl as I collapsed on top of her and I nearly passed out. 

She rolled me over and said "Fuck! You taste good! You like that Rick? Did you like watching me eat pussy? This could become a habit!"

Rick was visibly shaking now and I kinda felt bad for him... just a little. More teasing was in order, so I moved her to the middle of the bed with her feet facing Rick. I got on top of her again and started cleaning her with my tongue. I licked her face clean. Slowly licking her cheeks and forehead and then carefully sucking the old and partially dried cum from her eyelids. Moving down to her tits, I found that they were sticky with cum. They tasted bleachy and salty but Damn, what a turn-on! Her tummy was a sticky mess and I licked it all clean. Her bellybutton was filled with drying cum and I dug it out with my tongue and teeth, rising up long enough to show Rick what was inside of my mouth and swallowing in front of him. Finally, I reached her pussy. Her pubic hair was so blonde that at first glance one might think she was shaved. It was thin and gorgeous and smelled like a room full of sex! The cum was stuck to every hair. Some was matted down and I had to chew through it to suck all the jizz out. Her pussy lips were swollen and I also chewed on those as I licked every crack, crease and crevice. She was soaking wet again now and so I went to town on her slit, lifting her stocking clad legs up and lapping up her juices as they leaked out. I raised my head again and licked her thighs clean and sucked the cum off her stockings. 

Scooting her butt closer to the edge of the bed, I reached out and took the panties out of Rick's mouth replacing them with the toes of her left foot. He sucked and licked for all he was worth. This seemed to drive her crazy even more than my attentions had. She pushed her other foot up to his face and I slipped two fingers inside her as I sucked her clit into my mouth. It didn't take long for her to start cumming. Her hips thrust up and down and she moaned and screamed "Yes Yes Yes!". Finally, as she held my head in place with her hands I sucked as hard as I could and she came hard, kicking her feet straight out and knocking poor Rick over to the floor.
