 This story is inspired by true events.

Tammy was a friend of mine, she finally decided to get a tattoo. I took her to the shop were I got my tattoo because I knew she would be comfortable there. The place is an upscale establishment and reputable people work there as tattoo artist. After a very long time of looking through all the possible choices she settled in on one. Then it was the decision of where to have it placed on her body. After much thinking and a little prodding from me she decided on getting it on her right hip.

For Tammy this was a big step, she is a very shy person, outwardly, that would definitely be described as conservative. Let me describe Tammy for you. She is black, mid-thirties, medium height and build, light brown complexion and shoulder length hair. She is your average girl next door type, but she has a generous amount of tits. She has some of the juiciest tits I have ever had the fortune of sucking. 

Me, I am a black male mid-thirties, medium build, always looking to find new ways to take a women to the limit to see just how far she is willing to go.

Well back at the tattoo parlor we had to wait awhile to get her tattoo. So, as we were waiting it was getting late and only a few customers were still there waiting for people to finish and so forth. I sat down in one of the chairs in the front and she came a stood next to me along side the arm of the chair. I knew she was getting nervous as time got closer so I took the chance to see what I could get away with. I slowly began running my hand up the back of her leg toward her dress bottom. (It was warm and she had on a denim dress that had a strap top half and a tee shirt under the dress and a pair of sandals.) Usually she would have stopped me as soon as I got passed her knee, but she let me get to her mid thigh before she slowly closed her legs and bent down and gave me a nasty open mouth tongue kiss. I kept my hand on the back of her leg and with my help when she bent down her dress rose a bit in the rear. As she was kissing me I brought my other hand up to her tits and squeezed them just a touch. She broke the kiss, smiled and rubbed her hand in my lap to see if she gotten the response she wanted. 

She felt my hard cock through my athletic shorts and gave me a wink to show she was pleased. I tried to get her to sit on my lap but she said she knew if she had, in that dress, and with my hard cock I would try to fuck her right there. She was right about that. So she sat down on the arm of the chair and I tried to get her legs open so anyone in eyesight could get a peek. She kept closing her legs as soon as I got them cracked open much to my dismay.

Finally she was called to go back and began getting her tattoo. When we got to the room the artist was a young white guy about twenty-five. 

He told her, "Show me some skin."

She was taken aback by this, but I just laughed and she relaxed. She then just unzipped the short zipper on the side of the dress and pulled it directly over her head. The artist was shocked and so was I, she had worn these small high cut panties that were see through, very sheer. Her tee shirt was just barely containing those big tits of hers. I a word, she looked hot. She was one of those girls that always looked good in her underwear. Since she had chosen to get it placed on her right hip she laid on the table on her back and he positioned himself on her right side. When the needle touched her it stung, so to ease the pain she wanted me to hold her hand. That soon turned into me caressing her face, which led to her sucking on my finger. She was biting her lip so I let her nibble on my finger to help her out. Well, from all the stinging of the needle, her legs were opening slightly. I knew the tattoo artist could smell her scent, from the earlier playing around, because I could smell it from where I was standing. 

Well after the outline was done and he was just filling in and later touching it up, Tammy started sucking my finger into her mouth. I slipped two more in there and she never slowed down. She closed her eyes and kept sucking. I know that when she sucks on something she likes her clit played with also, so I ran my hand down her stomach and under her see through panties and started rubbing her clit slowly. The artist had just finished and I picked up the pace on her clit.

Tammy arched her back and her legs came open. She began to bend her knees to get her feet on the table. I motioned for the artist to get between her legs and put his mouth on that hot pussy. He got between her legs, slid her panties to the side and put almost all of his tongue in her wet snatch. He withdrew his tongue and moved to lick her clit. He started to softly bite her pussy lips and suck on her clit. He had going. This guy knew how to eat some pussy.

Tammy loves to be eaten. She let out a low moan. I knew this was my chance so I took out my rock hard cock and shoved it in her open mouth. She opened her eyes and gave me very innocent look, then she closed them again and loosened her throat to take in more of my dick. She had over half of my cock in her throat but I knew she would have to take me out so she could cum.

Tammy eased my dick out of her mouth and gave me a wink. She was ready to cum from the way the artist was munching her pussy. She grabbed the back of his head, rammed it tight against her snatch, started thrusting her hips forward and came directly in his mouth. Tammy will do this and keep you in that position until all and I mean all her cum is out. She even moves side to side to assure of a total release. The artist was busy drinking in all of her discharge and didn't see what she had planned next.

Tammy grabbed my hard cock with one hand and stuck it in hot mouth. She knew I was on the verge of cumming from watching her cum. When she felt my dick swell she took it from her mouth and with one hand on my cock and the other on the back of the artist's head she jerked me off and made me shoot in the direction of her pussy. From the scene I had just witnessed, my cum jetted out and landed on her belly, her panties and some on her leg. She then took that hand and joined it with the other one on the back of the artist's head. Tammy moved his head around so he could clean up all of the cum that landed on her body. I don't know if he knew or not what he was licking but she had total control of him.

After she was cleaned, she got up, pulled her panties straight, put her dress on and we walked out. As we were walking toward to car I pulled her dress up in the back, she quickly pulled it down and slapped me on the arm. Good ol' shy Tammy was back.