 Written for Tammy in the USA, this is my attempt at writing with ‘an American voice’. Let me know if you think it works. Or if it doesn’t.

*****

As they drove back on the interstate, the night gathering above them, Jay was silent, staring contemplatively at the road ahead, tapping the wheel steadily with his index finger.

After a while, Tammy turned to him, barely able to make out his features in the dark of the car. “You ok, hun?” She asked softly.

Jay didn’t look at her, just stared ahead. Getting no answer from him she turned away and concentrated on the road as the big car ate up the miles.

“How was Shell?” he asked as they pulled onto their drive.

“Huh?” Tammy had forgotten her little lie. “Oh Shell? She was fine, hun. Just fine.”

Jay nodded, but did not speak. She climbed out of the passenger seat, aware of her cum-flooded cunt, and shakily took her door keys from her purse. Jay followed her slowly, his hands dug deep in his jeans.

“Come on, hun!” She smiled. “I need to take a shower. It sure was hot in there!”

“It sure was.”

Tammy couldn’t understand why he was acting all quiet and moody. That just wasn’t him. She felt a little panicky then, thinking that maybe he’d been able to smell the stranger’s cum on her, maybe her own juices were strong too. As she stood in the hall, she sniffed. Sure, she reeked of her cunt. Even with the windows wound down on the way home it was a certainty that he would have been able to catch the aroma. She thought that maybe she was in big trouble. If she could get to the shower and clean herself up maybe she would get away with it. If he asked later why she smelled so strong in the car, she could just say that she hadn’t cleaned herself up properly after they’d fucked when he’d gotten home from work and that flashing the table-full of guys at the bar had gotten it stirred up with her own pussy cream. It might work. It might not.

She started out to the shower room, but Jay caught her wrist. “Hey, sweetheart, not so fast! You know what I need after you’ve been out pussy-flashing! I want some of that, girl.”

Tammy felt her cheeks flush. She didn’t know what to say. She could claim a sudden headache, but there was no way Jay would believe that a little headache would put her off the cock she loved.

Anyhow, even that chance was gone now. Jay pushed her gently against the wall. Even if he just slid straight up her, she knew that he would feel the stranger’s cum on his cock. She hadn’t a clue what to do about it. Her slut mind had gotten her into trouble again. Maybe divorce, maybe anything.

My God! She thought, as Jay dropped to his knees. He’s going to go down on me! He’ll taste a stranger in my cunt. She couldn’t believe this was happening.

Jay put his hands on her thighs and slid the flimsy dress upwards. His nose was level with her pussy and, remembering how hard she had come she on the guy’s cock and the load he had shot up, she knew what kind of a stench he would encounter down there.

“Jay?” She began tentatively.

“Yes hun?” He asked, not raising his head, eyes fixed on her cunt. She could see in her mind’s eye the way she pussy lips were glistening with her cunt juice and the guy’s cum, how the slime would be trailing out of her slut hole.

“Oh, nothing, babe…nothing.”

Jay grunted. “That’s right, sweetheart. Nothing.” 

With that she felt his warm breath on her naked cunt. She heard him inhale. She knew he knew. She froze, waiting for the storm. Jay began to lick her in long, slow movements. His tongue was on her clit, her cunt – despite her fears – responded. Despite herself, she pushed her cum-sloppy cunt hole onto his face. The whore in Tammy took over. What she wanted was her husband creaming her out, while another stranger rammed his huge cock up her gaping asshole. Then she wanted to suck the stranger clean of her ass and push her tongue into her husband’s open mouth. No matter that she was scared of what might happen, she couldn’t help her thoughts. Once a slut, always a slut and Tammy was a slut queen. A whore among whores.

Jay left off from his cunt-licking and slowly stood up. She could see the mixed cum streaking his face. He unzipped his pants and pulled out his stiff cock. “Tammy, you know something? You taste kinda funny. I wonder why that it is?”

She couldn’t speak; it was all she could to shake her head.

He grabbed her legs and spread her further open, pulled her to him and, relieved that nothing had been said, she hitched herself around his waist. Like the stranger, jay rammed himself deep inside her in a single stroke. Once inside, he looked her in the eye for the first time since the bar. “I saw you, Tammy,” he said. “I saw that guy at the bar fucking your pussy. You were moaning like a dirty little whore. You couldn’t get enough cock, could you, you dirty little cunt?”

Tammy was really shaking now. “I’m sorry, hun, I’m sorry. I don’t know why it happened. I didn’t mean to.”

Jay began an insistent pounding of her cunt. Although she was scared, although she was sorry she could stop pictures of the stranger using her hole coming into her mind.

As he fucked he, he said: “See, they all said it. ‘Now, don’t you marry that Tammy. She’s a whore, can’t get enough cock. Wouldn’t be surprised if she fucked all the guests at the wedding. The girl’s a slut, Jay, don’t have nothing to do with her’. I never paid no attention to ‘em. You know what I thought, Tammy? You know what I thought?”

She shook her head.

Jay smiled. “I’ll tell you what I thought. I thought, ‘I love my little Tammy. If my little Tammy wants a bit of extra cock action, who am I to stop her. That’s what I thought, Tammy.”

Tammy looked at him in total shock. Still she couldn’t speak.

“That’s right, sweetheart. Knew you was a slut when I married you. A wedding ring ain’t gonna change that now, is it?”

By now he was sliding in and out of her at a more leisurely pace. His hand went to her cunt and he pushed four fingers in behind his cock. He slid them in and out a few times then pulled free. He raised them to her mouth. “Wanna see what he tastes like?” He pushed his fingers into her mouth. She sucked hungrily at them. She couldn’t help herself. She was a slut.

“Like that, you little slut, huh?” He asked. “Like that, you little fuckin’ whore?”

She couldn’t help herself. She nodded .

“I thought you might. Jeez, Tammy you’re such a dirty little cunt! I bet you wish he was here now, don’t you?”

Tammy was whimpering now. It wasn’t fear - it was lust. 

“That what you want, Tammy? Hey, that what you want?”

She nodded. He built up the pace of his cock in her pussy again. “Say it, Tammy, say what you want?”

She couldn’t help herself. “I wish he was here with us, fucking me with you. I wish he was in my ass while you were in my cunt. I want you both in my cunt at the same time. I can’t help it, Jay. I can’t help it. I’m a slut. I need cocks, I need them.”

They were the most liberating sentences that Tammy had ever spoken in her whole life. 

Jay laughed. “Always knew you were a whore Tammy. Always knew you couldn’t keep that cunt of yours clean for very long. Know what, honey?”

She shook her head.

“I like you being a slut. You were born a slut and you’ll die a slut. And before you do, you’re going get yourself a whole lot of cock. You like that Tammy, you like thinking about all the cock you’re gonna get?”

“Oh, fuck, yes! I love thinking about all the cock I’m going get. I fucking love it. I’m your little slut Jay, your little whore, your cunt.”

“That’s good, Tammy, that’s real good. Ya know, I kinda like fucking you when you’re full of another man’s cum. It reminds of what you are. Know what? Just decided I’m going to get you as much cock as you can handle. You want ‘em one at a time or all together?”

As she bounced on his cock, she screamed: “All together, Jay, I want them all together!” Images flashed through her head. “I want you to tie me to the bed, Jay. I want you to pin my cunt lips open, lube up my ass and bring twenty guys to use my holes.”

“Then what?” Asked Jay, half laughing, half urgent.

“Then I want you to spank my ass and tell me what a filthy slut I am. What a whore, what a cunt. Then I want you to fuck your hard cock into my stinking holes and fill me full of more cum. Then, Jay, then I want you to clean me up. Lick the filth out of my cunt and ass.”

“Then what, sweetheart, then what?”

She moaned as she came all over him. “Then, then I want you to go out and get me some more cock and do it all over again!”

When she said that he spurted his hot cum deep into her already flooded pussy.”

She sank back against the wall. “Hun?” She said. “Will you lick my pussy and kiss me. I really, really wanna taste the two of you.”

Jay winked and dropped to his knees once more. He obliged, his tongue pushing hard into her gaping cunt. She heard him lap the combined juices of the three of them and came again, rubbing her pussy all across his face to make sure he got it all.

Then he was back on his feet and he spat the mingled juices into her mouth. She swallowed enthusiastically and her tongue probed his mouth to search out the last remaining traces. 

“Oh, Jay, I’m such a dirty little slut,” she sighed. “I need this, I really need it.” She shot him an anxious, searching look. “Ya sure ya don’t mind? I mean, really don’t mind? I can’t help it, really I can’t.”

Jay smiled. “I know honey. I always knew. Like the song says, welcome to your new life, it’s the same as the old one!” Tammy didn’t know what song he meant, but she got the drift of his meaning. 

He bent and picked up the thong her had torn from her earlier, put it to his nose and inhaled deeply. He shook his head in mock amazement. “That’s one hell of a dirty cunt you got on, hun.” 

He pulled her towards the lounge and stood by the waste basket. “Bin thinking. Thing is, sweetheart, you won’t be needing these again. A real slut don’t need panties, does she? They could interfere with her getting all the cock she needs. From now on, your pussy’s gonna be bare at all times. Think you can handle that?”

“What about the guys at worked?” She asked.

“Fuck the guys at work!” He laughed at that. “Hey, that’s maybe not a bad idea! Well, maybe one day. Think you can handle having a bare cunt at all times?”

Tammy grinned broadly. “Oh God, Jay, I know I can handle that! You know I like to show it.”

“Well, you’re gonna be showing it as much as like now. Just think of your bare cunt as a kind of advertising.” He laughed again. “And, sweetheart, you got one hell of an advertising campaign coming up!”

She hugged and kissed him at that.

“Tomorrow, you begin your slut life,” he said. “For tonight, you get your hot little ass upstairs. I want to get me some more of that dirty pussy!”

To be continued