 Written for Tammy in the USA, this is my attempt at writing with ‘an American voice’. Let me know if you think it works. Or if it doesn’t.

*****

Tammy had her ‘needs’. Everyone has their ‘needs’, but Tammy’s were more specific. Now, she was a loving wife, kept her house spotless and always had meals on the table on time but there was more that Tammy needed. Tammy got a pussy itch all the time and whenever Tammy got that pussy itch she had to get it scratched.

In college she’d gotten herself a name as a slut. Tammy didn’t mind, she knew she was a slut. She loved being a slut. She loved a cock in her pussy, or in her mouth or even in her ass. The guy had to be pretty good looking, but she’d never call herself fussy when it came to getting laid. She wore her skirts short and her tops tight and loved the looks she earned from the guys. Pushing her big tits out always get the guys drooling, and bending over showing her ass would get them rared up.

At 21 she started dating Jay. And, miracle of miracles, the sleeping around stopped. He was handsome, bright and adored her - and she basked in the glow of it all. She missed the extra cocks but she figured that she’d get used to it. Maybe, she thought to herself, it was part of getting ‘all mature’. When her pussy itch came, she tried to ease it by sliding up and down on Jay’s hard cock. That always eased it some, but never all the way.

Jay liked to her to show her body off anyhow, so that kinda helped. When she’d ask: “Hun, can you see my ass cheeks in this?” He’d say: “Not enough, darlin’” so she’d put something shorter on. He loved her big tits, with the dark brown aureole and always got her to wear lo-cut tops that didn’t leave much to the imagination. In a small town like Fairfax people talk. She may have lost the reputation as a slut, but folk now called her a tease. Some of the guys preferred her when she was a slut and some of them liked her more, coz they weren’t brave enough to do anything more than looking. The women? They just hated her either way, all they thought now was that at least teasin’ Tammy wouldn’t be taking their husbands off them.

Jay was nice and dirty, which she loved. She could kinda indulge the slut in her that way. Her big brown nipples he got pierced (boy, did they have to go way out of town for that one!) and she loved having a chain pulled between her breasts. Later, he got her to get her pussy pierced and she really loved that! She loved being led around by her neatly trimmed cunt like some kinda slave. It made her feel like a whore and that’s just how she wanted to feel.

Tammy and Jay got married. They’d been dating for a year and a half and it sort of seemed the right thing to do. Maybe Tammy though that marriage would finally cure that pussy itch, which she noticed was more regular than it had been for a good long while. Maybe the wedding ring would ease the tingle between her thighs. Of course, maybe it wouldn’t.

And it didn’t. It didn’t ease it one little bit. She loved Jay to bits, she adored him, but sometimes when she was flashing her tight little panties to some hunk in a bar she’d feel her pussy juice up more than maybe it should have done.  Then when they’d get home and fuck – the more she flashed, the more they fucked, it was a real equation – she’d imagine that it was the stud she’d flashed who was driving his hard cock into her sweet, hot pussy instead of Jay. When she thought those thing,s she’d cum quicker and harder than usual and her husband would shoot her strange looks.  He wouldn’t ask her what had made her so horny. She wanted him to ask, but she wasn’t sure if she had the courage to tell him.

Then one hot summer night they were out in a bar in the next town. Tammy wore a tight, thin dress, her tan heightened by the white of the material. She had a tiny crotch-hugging thong on that made her cunt even wetter than normal. The front of the bar was open and they sat nearby to catch what little breeze there was.  The waitress had just deposited a couple of cold ones on their table, when Tammy saw him. 

She couldn’t really remember afterwards just exactly what it was that made him stand out. Sure, he was real good looking but so was Jay. There was just something about him.  Maybe it was just the heat, maybe it was how tight her panties were, but she really needed his cock inside her right there and then. 

The guy and his friends came and sat at a table maybe ten feet away. Luck was on Tammy’s side coz he sat right opposite her. She saw him look admiringly at her.

“Hun, mind if I give the guys at that table over there a bit of show?” 

Jay smiled. “Sure, sweetheart. Anything you say. Be careful, though, some of the guys from work come here on a Friday night and we don’t want the story of how you flash your pussy in bars doing the rounds, now do we?

Now, if Tammy told the truth she would have loved nothing more than knowing that her pussy flashing was the talk of the town, but she didn’t want to hurt Jay’s feelings by saying so. As far as he knew the flashing at other men was just a dirty little secret that got her hotter than hell when they came to fucking as soon as they got through the porch door at home.

“I will, hun, don’t you worry” Just to make it look accidental, she let her purse fall to the floor. As she bent forward to rescue it she lets her thighs slip apart. She fiddled with the clasp and the purse opened and a couple of items spilled out. As she retrieved them she let her legs open a little further. The items safely back in, she straightened her back - making sure she made eye contact with him on the way up. It worked. She had his undivided attention already.

His eyes dropped to the spot between her legs. It was real comical to see how his eyes popped when he realised what an unrestricted view he had. She saw him make a move to alert his buddies to the show, but a quick shake of her head stopped him in his tracks. Straight off he cottoned on that the show was for him and him alone. His brow furrowed as he tried to work out why.

Tammy let her thighs drift further apart. The guy stopped thinking and started to concentrate on looking.  He had beautiful eyes. She wished she could see if he was hard. She hadn’t felt so horny in a good while. Even though the bar was smoky and the air was tinged with the cooking of ribs, Tammy could smell herself.  She wanted him to see her cunt. Since she had married she hadn’t shown her bare cunt to a man besides her husband. She knew she would do it now.

Out in the street, directly in front of them a car had broken down.  Jay was watching as a couple of men lifted the hood and peered down, scratching their heads. The guy at the table across the way didn’t glance at the car at all, he had his attention firmly fixed elsewhere.

Jay was shaking his head in disbelief. “Hun, those guys couldn’t tell an engine from shit! I’m going go out and see what I can do for them. You don’t mind?”

Tammy couldn’t keep the slut inside at bay any longer. “Sure, hun, no problem at all. Take as long as it takes.” 

Jay drained his beer and sauntered out into the road, confident that he could save the day. No sooner had his feet hit the sidewalk, Tammy had turned back to her admirer. His eyes hadn’t strayed for her pussy for a second. With her husband safely out of the way, she smiled at him and let her hand fall into her lap. For a second the guy thought that maybe the show was over for the day and his eyes showed a hint of disappointment.  

Tammy caught the edge of her thong and slowly eased it across her crotch. She felt the air on her pussy. She could see the mingled shock and delight on his face.  With her other hand she teased her lips apart, glorying the view she knew he was getting. Nobody else could see and she could hear Jay in the street offering his suggestions to the driver of the car.

In her heart, Tammy knew that showing her cunt wasn’t going to be enough.  Hell, even if she fingered herself to orgasm, that wouldn’t be enough either. Tammy needed him inside her now. The pussy itch, the cunt itch that she’d fought so hard to overcome, washed over her. She couldn’t sit there, finger rubbing her clit, all night. Someone else just had to see if she wasn’t careful. Even though that was what she wanted, she couldn’t risk Jay getting all riled up about the guys at work.

She took her hand away from her pussy. The guy raised his eyebrow quizzically. She held a hand up and mouthed the words ‘stay there’ to him. He nodded.

Tammy stood, grabbed her purse and sauntered out into the hot night air. “Honey?”

Jay glanced up. His fingers were already greasy from the engine. “You ok, sweetheart? Left you alone too long?”

She shook her head. “Nah, hun, s’okay. I wanted to tell ya I saw Shell…ya know, Shell from Rayner’s, ‘member? She out back, I thought maybe I’d go say hi.”

“Sure hun, this’ll take a bit of time, anyway.”

She pecked him on the cheek and tottered back into the bar on her high heels, her ass wiggling seductively as she walked. The guy was looking at her, head to one side, wondering what would come next.

As she passed him she smiled and inclined her head towards the restroom. He grinned back at her. She raised one finger to indicate that he should give her a minute. With that she threaded her way through the tables on the way out to the back.

He wasn’t long behind her. In the passageway was a half-open door. They went through it and entered a little courtyard piled with empty crates and boxes. She could smell jasmine and Bud.

“What’s your name?” He asked, thinking maybe that a conventional chat-up line was needed.

“Hun, pardon my French, but fuck names. D’ya wanna fuck me or not?”

He whistled softly. “Jeez, you sure?”

She nodded and pulled him to her. She freed his cock with an expertise that had taken years to acquire. He was hard, she didn’t want to suck him, but just feel him slide inside her. Tammy raised her leg and forced him down a little. He got the message that she wanted a stand-up fuck.  Then he was inside her with one thrust. A nice tight fit, she could feel him against the neck of her womb. So hot was she that she came over his cock after only a couple of minutes. As he frantically pumped her, she could feel the cool of the brick wall against her ass. He came in a flood. Tammy would’ve thought he hadn’t cum in a month.

When she had gotten her breath back she said: “Thanks, darlin’. I really needed that.”

“Can I see you again?” He asked.

Tammy shook her head and smiled. “Sorry, sweetheart, I have a husband to go back to.”

Jay was standing in the doorway of the bar looking out onto the road. He turned to her with a satisfied grin. “That’s them taken care of. Now, I think it’s time to take you home to take care of you.” He patted her ass. “Come on, sweetheart, let’s go home.”

In the heat of it all, Tammy hadn’t given it a thought, but now she knew that in twenty minutes or so she would be accepting her husband into her freshly-fucked pussy. He would know straight away, the instant he hitched up her dress, that she had taken a load of hot cum from a complete stranger. How the hell was she going to deal with that?

To be continued