 This is the sequel after The Dream and The Truth. Contains no spanking.

***

Jimmy woke up with the feeling of someone touching his penis. It was Priya. She was sucking him, ignoring the fact that Tanya, his wife, was laying naked right next to him. Having sex in front of his wife wasn't unusual for Jimmy, but he preferred her to be awake and enjoying the show. Moreover it was doubtful that Priya herself was in her senses. A perfunctory conversation informed Jimmy that his suspicion was true; Priya was still under the influence of the alcohol. But as she expertly swirled her tongue against the bulbous head of his penis, he lost all interest in dissuading her. He lay there enjoying the treatment, till hot spunk shot out and rolled down Priya's throat.

Priya got up on the bed and made herself comfortable in between the two bodies. Her back rubbed against Tanya's back while her breasts mashed against Jimmy. Jimmy started feeling her up, and cuddling with her big soft breasts was enough to make him hard again. His hands was all over her while she too explored his body. Their mouths were jointed in passionate kiss as the tongues dwelled and explored each other's mouth. Tanya lay to one side oblivious that his husband was fucking his colleague right on the marital bed. Priya was sitting on top of Jimmy, vigorously riding his prick. Flesh thumped against flesh, as Jimmy's penis pistoned into Priya's thatch. The two never noticed that Tanya had woken up and was kissing Priya's breasts. It was only after both of them had enjoyed their orgasms did the register Tanya's presence. Tanya was expertly playing with Priya's breasts, sucking and pinching the nipples, cuddling the flesh and sometimes slapping them.

Priya had no homosexual tendencies but she couldn't resist doing the same to Tanya. Jimmy enjoyed the sight of his wife's chocolate brown body mashed against his subordinate colleague's fair skin. Jimmy knew where the double ended dildo resided in Tanya's lingerie drawer and helped the two women insert it into their cunts. The view of the two buttocks grinding against each other was too enticing. He folded his belt and started whapping them. The two women moaned in pain and pleasure.

Jimmy was surprised that not only Tanya but also Priya was enjoying the belting. The two were in a liplock, their legs tightly wrapped around in a scissoring, the double ended dildo inserted deep inside till the two cunts rubbed against each other. The two women were enjoying each other's breasts, fondling them lovingly. Although he had already cum twice this morning Jimmy was hard as stone. His belting only gave them renewed vigor and soon they were in the throes of orgasm. As soon as they broke apart, Jimmy impatiently thrust into his wife's cunt. It was rare, Tanya wasn't that enthusiastic about normal sex. But now they were so excited that they were happy having sex in missionary position. Jimmy was thrusting like a mad bull, his heart struggling to pump blood so fast. The red welt on Tanya's breasts seemed like a constant vitalizer for Jimmy. And Priya was assisting by licking and sucking his balls. Jimmy felt faint as soon as his hot spunk splashed all over Tanya's cunt. As he rolled over exhausted, Priya clamped her lips over Tanya's cunt, sucking in the mixture of Jimmy's sperm and her juices, that she then proceeded to spit swap with Tanya.

Priya had never had any homo-erotic thoughts ever, but she couldn't resist Tanya. She looked like a Greek goddess cast in bronze, the raw power of her chiselled muscles rippled under her shining dark skin, her beauty only enhanced by the battle marks. Priya traced her fingers down the scar across Tanya's taut stomach, a remnant of the whipping she had taken in a Mood Pictures shooting. The two women too drifted into sleep, their bodies in tight embrace.

In the other room, Bishnu was watching his girlfriend's naked form. They have had sex multiple times last night, till the early wee hours of the morning. Sucheta slept soundly, exhausted by the corporal punishment and the sex. Bishnu felt intrigued by the marks he had left on his girlfriend's pristine body. He didn't feel guilty, he knew Sucheta had felt a mysterious mixture of pain and pleasure. He softly kissed on her right breast. Not only the marks with the ruler, last night he had bitten her nipples too. He could see the teeth marks. He cupped her ample breasts wondering how he had bagged her. He realized watching her had made him hard, but he didn't wish to wake her up. He went to the toilet, relieving himself of his jizz. He wondered how many did he orgasm in the last 12 hours. Bhisnu was feeling hungry and found some bananas in the kitchen. He wondered about the apartment, stark naked. He found the master bedroom and peeped in. He saw Tanya sleeping in a tight embrace with a woman he hadn't met, their contrasting skin standing out. In the same bed, lay her husband, like a discarded rag. Bishnu felt a slight chill down his spine. He was a simple boy from a conservative middle class family. What was he getting involved in!

Bishnu went back to the other bedroom. He noticed that there were kiddie toys and posters all over. So this was the kids' bedroom. On the wall a picture of mixed group of children stood out. The girl in the middle, 5 or 6 year old like the others in the picture, had a striking resemblance to Tanya. In a bedside photo stand, the same girl was sitting on this bed, with her brother, 1-2yrs old, on her lap. A large poster of Elsa (from Frozen) decorated the back of the door. Sucheta woke up from her deep slumber, feeling disoriented. She was lying in an unknown room with a boy beside her. Her breasts and bottom ached, and her head was in splitting pain. She felt nauseated.

"Hi Sleeping Beauty. Had a nice sleep?"

Sucheta was shocked to realize it was Bishnu. She felt vulnerable and embarrassed to be naked in front of him. She did remember last night, but what had seemed natural under the influence of alcohol felt different now.

"Where are we?"

"Tanya mam's flat. The kiddies' bedroom. You ok?"

"No. My head's splitting. And spanking hurts long after it is applied."

"I am Sorry baby. I thought you enjoyed it. I will never hurt you, you know that right?"

"Yes... I did enjoy. In a sense. And we had great sex last night. Maybe because of the spanking. But it effing hurts now!"

Bishnu had no answer. He made an attempt to massage her head.

"Where are they? Why are you still naked?"

"Umm... Everyone else is. And I guess we tore our clothes."

A clock somewhere rang its bell twelve times. 12 noon. Sucheta got up from the bed, the Winnie the Pooh bedsheet wrapped around her. It looked comical. She couldn't decide what to do. Should she leave? With or without Bishnu. She didn't understand her conflicting thought about him. And about Tanya mam. She had always known about her debauchery. But it felt dirty to be involved in it herself. When she looked at the master bedroom and found the three naked bodies, her mind revolted.

"Bishnu. Find me something to wear. Get dressed. We are leaving." he didn't dare to argue looking at her sombre face. He had already noticed their jeans lying in the living room. He stole a couple of t shirts- one for each of them, and found his underpants. Unfortunately Sucheta's was damaged beyond use. Her bra too was in horrible condition. They dressed in silence and left without disturbing the others, the automatic lock of the door closing behind them.

Priya woke up at 2pm. She felt disoriented. She was hugging some woman she didn't properly remember. Then she noticed Jimmy. She realized with a shock that all three of them were naked. Jimmy and Tanya's marriage photo mocked her from the bedside. She had not just had sex with her senior colleague but also his wife? But of course she was not bisexual! Her last coherent memory was kissing Jimmy in the alley behind the bar. She roamed around the apartment in search of her clothes. Her discarded clothes in the guest room brought back some shameful memories. Jimmy had left her alone. She had stripped naked then walked into the master bedroom and fucked him. He hadn't forced her, her own subconscious had while alcohol had dulled her consciousness. She felt shame wash over her. She had been such a slut. Snatches of memories came back to her. She cried out in frustration, tears rolling down her eyes.

She was startled when Jimmy called out from behind. "You wanna go home? Shall I get an Uber?"

"Umm... Yes." she was still naked. She had been daydreaming with her clothes in her hand. She dressed hurriedly, Jimmy didn't offer her any privacy nor did she demand. He watched her get dressed.

"Priya! Whatever happened here, remains here. Outside we are colleagues. I know you did what you did under alcoholic influence and I should have stopped. BUT. I enjoyed it so much. I didn't stop. I am sorry but."

"No Jimmy. I acted like a slut. I knew you are a married man. Yet I kissed you. I blew you while you lay beside your wife, then I had sex with you and with her. I am not bisexual. But I don't know what I did. Let's not talk about it."

The cab had arrived and Priya left without any further words. Jimmy noticed the others have left too. He woke up Tanya with a kiss. But she looked she could use some more sleep. So could he. He quickly fixed some dinner while Tanya dozed. After he had fed Tanya and have a bit himself, they lay down. Her hand touched his arm, warm and soft, reassuring him that they will be there for each other forever.