 My name is Alyssa and I'm a 29 year old married woman with 4 kids, so my husband and I don't get a lot of one on one time together. Usually I don't mind but this weekend is my birthday and turning 30 should be a big deal. So I was a little disappointed to find out we were just going to visit my family for a few days. Even though my body isn't what it used to be, I try to stay in decent shape. I'm 5'3" and weigh 125 lbs. My breasts are nothing spectacular, B cups and they aren't quite as perky since breastfeeding, but my husband really doesn't seem to have a problem with them. I have long chestnut brown wavy hair and eyes the same color. Although I'm white as a ghost in the winter, I can keep a nice tan all summer long. Thank goodness it is just the end of summer so I still have a glow. My husband, Reed, is a few years older than me and is average build. At 5'10" he's not the tallest guy but with me being so short the difference is just right. He has dark brown hair that almost looks black in some light and beautiful hazel eyes.

When the weekend came we made the hour drive to where my family lives. It didn't take long to find out Reed had kept hidden that my mom was actually watching the kids this weekend and we were having a special getaway. We drove that night to Albuquerque where we had a room reserved for us. On the drive there I was beyond excited and could barely contain myself. As we drove we listened to Howard Stern on the radio and the content of his show wasn't helping my turned on status. I scooted as close to my husband as I could and leaned my head on his shoulder, then I let my hand run over his pants, just taking it nice and slow. His pants started to get tighter as his bulge quickly grew. I kept rubbing through the material not wanting to rush the fun. Soon the bulge was straining to get out, I undid Reed's pants and helped guide his sexy member out of it's confines. My husband adjusted in his seat to relax as he drove and let me take control down below.

I circled the tip lightly with my finger several times, then let my light touch run up and down his erect cock. My hand slid down to cup his balls and slowly massage them. I then let my hand firmly grasp that big dick, enjoying the feel of it in my hand and the power I had over him. I watched Reed's face as I pumped my hand up and down a few times, he worked hard to concentrate on driving but I could tell it was a bit of a struggle. I looked back down to watch my hand work between his legs. I continued to pump, feeling his cock throbbing in my hand. I stroked at different tempos to mix it up, then when the first bits of wetness appeared, I leaned over and took him into my mouth, letting it slide slowly all the way in till I was deep throating him.

I stayed still, letting his dick sit deep inside my mouth for a moment, then let my head come back up releasing it inch by inch. As soon as I was to the tip I circled it with my tongue then repeated the action of sliding down. Reed's hips started to move a little on their own after a minute of this sexual torture. I let myself take him as deep in my mouth as he would go one more time and then started humming a song, letting the vibrations do their work. His hand strayed to the back of my head, running through my hair and telling me how amazing that felt. I lifted my mouth off and concentrated on sucking his balls while my hand ran up and down the length of his shaft. My sexually frustrated husband pulled over since the distraction was just too much and let his head lean back while he closed his eyes and enjoyed the mouth fucking I was giving.

I bobbed up and down on his cock, moaning because of how hot the situation was and also to let the vibrations give an added pleasure. I picked up the pace of my bobbing and started to suck harder as I went. Reed's body responded immediately, tensing up and he pushed his pelvis up to get deeper. As he came he grabbed my head and helped it move up and down on his spasming dick while I sucked down every last drop of cum given me. Fighting the impulse to sleep, he got back on the road. Reed encouraged me to lean my seat back and finger myself as we drove. I did so without a protest and as I rubbed my juicy pussy, my husband talked dirty to me, to send me over the edge.

We slept as soon as we got to the hotel with it being so late and already having some release on the drive. The next day we ate in bed, watched movies, fucked like bunnies and didn't leave our room till it was evening. He told me I had a special birthday surprise waiting for me. We showered and dressed up, then went out to a nice quiet dinner where we sat and talked for a long time just enjoying each others company. Then we headed to our next stop. He wouldn't tell me what it was so I was trying to guess. I never even got close to the right answer though, having guessed things like the theater, dancing, a gourmet chocolate shop, a spa, anything I could think of. In reality we pulled up to a large building that didn't stand out too much as anything special, it was in a less crowded part of town. My curiosity was peaked. When we walked in the front door there was a man sitting at a desk almost like a receptionist. He asked if we had reservations then checked his list. When we were confirmed he welcomed us to Tantric. We were told the rules, anything goes as long as everyone consents and there are no photo devices to be used inside. As he talked my mind was racing, was it a strip club or something? We were directed down a hall and told to enjoy our night.

I was unprepared for what came next, through a set of doors there were a large amount of people scattered around a large room filled with couches and pillowed areas on the floor. Everyone was between half dressed and completely nude and were in all sorts of sexual situations. He had brought me to a swing club. We were both open minded and had talked about doing wild things like this but in truth I had always thought they were fantasies and nothing more. We wandered around and watched people in various acts of sex. There were other couples watching too but they were pleasuring themselves and each other as they did so. We felt out of place dressed and just wandering. Reed led me to an empty space away from most of the action and we started to make out as we slowly undressed each other. I was embarrassed at first and looked around nervously, he didn't seem to have any reservations about it. Soon though I became more comfortable as no one laughed at me or gave my body disgusted looks. I kept my bra and underwear on since I wasn't comfortable being in the buff yet. We started to fool around and it was no surprise I was dripping wet. It was really exhilarating watching this action live instead of on a porn video. I sat on his lap with my back to him so we could both watch the action in the room. He slid my underwear to the side and let his cock move into me. I couldn't help but moan as he did so and immediately started to rock my body, he held my hips and helped the movement along.

We sat screwing each other and just enjoying this experience for a while, I was able to cum but Reed withheld because he didn't want to be finished so soon this evening. As I rode him another couple wandered over. Both were attractive and young and wearing not a stitch. The wife gave a coy smile and asked if we wanted some company. They introduced themselves as Jade and Ryan. Reed let me take the lead to see how far I wanted to go. I smiled back and after introducing ourselves told them this was our first time and not sure really what to do with ourselves but would love the company. They had come here many times and soon my nerves were soothed and I was just enjoying myself. Jade suggested to ease myself into this open lifestyle that maybe the guys could watch and we could play around a bit. My husband was all up for that and so was Ryan. Jade helped me to undress fully and very gently she guided me to lay on the pillowed floor. We started by kissing and she stroked my face and hair as we did so, it didn't take long for my excitement to take over and reservations were out the window. We grew more amorous as we went along. She was a stunning woman and I couldn't get enough of running my hands over her curves.

She let her hand roam down past my waist, going slowly over my thighs and then as she cupped my pussy we kissed. I moved my mouth down to her small but perky breasts and she let her fingers push inside of me. I had underestimated how erotic this would be and could barely contain myself, it was after only 20 seconds of rubbing me that I came on her hand. She seemed to really enjoy my juices running down her fingers as she sucked them off. Then she positioned herself on top of me to 69. Reed and Ryan were stroking themselves as they watched us eat each other out. I felt like I was in heaven, having a hot stranger pleasure me like this. Surprisingly eating her pussy was actually more pleasurable to me and I was really getting into it, my whole face buried in her sweet snatch, licking and probing with my tongue, then sucking her clit. There was no rhyme or reason to how I went, I just wanted to taste every inch of her hot pussy. My fingers were holding onto her ass tightly and I could feel her body start to move more as I hit the right spots. It didn't take too long before we had each cum several times, never letting up our efforts on each other. After about the fourth time, Jade climbed off of me and pulled me into a sitting position, her mouth covering mine in a deep embrace.

She seemed to know what she wanted and how to please so I followed her lead as we rubbed each others bodies anywhere we could reach. She helped position us so our pussies were pressed together as we sat in our embrace and our legs were wrapped around each other. Her tongue was dancing in my mouth as she started to move her hips. The sensation of her pussy against mine rubbing had me bucking my hips wildly wanting to feel it more. I lost myself in that moment, I faintly remember the noises that were escaping my lips and the few other couples that had wandered over to watch. We moved together roughly at a very quick pace, she was cussing up a storm and it was sexy coming out of her dainty mouth. We climaxed together, practically sitting in each others laps pounding our bodies into each other. Soon we both came back down to earth and Jade suggested it was time to try something else and not leave out our poor husbands. At this point I was up for anything and was excited to follow her lead.

We partnered with each others spouses, after Reed threw a questioning glance at me to make sure it was alright. The look I gave back said it all and there were no more concerns as he lay back and let this sexy woman climb into what was my normal spot, sliding my man's dick inside her. Reed was slick with his own juices after the show he had watched and there was no resistance, just that perfect feeling as his cock is enveloped in a warm pussy. With no restraint she rode him like a pro and looked like a porn star doing so. I was enjoying this scene but was soon distracted as Ryan pushed his cock inside my dripping pussy. He lay on top of me and pounded me like there was no tomorrow, I held on for dear life enjoying the pure bliss of this moment. His member was longer than my husband's but not as thick, it wasn't a better experience although it was amazing, just different. We were laying next to each other as this erotic couple fucked us hard. Reed's hand found mine and squeezed to tell me he loved me.

It was hard to tell how much time passed. We changed positions with our partners several times, enjoying many different angles. Jade and I came multiple times, no one really keeping track. Reed couldn't hold back much longer and Ryan was looking for release as well. We switched back to our spouses at that point. Reed grabbed my hips and guided himself in, it was hard with the sopping wet state my body was in at that moment. Then he was in and filled me so perfectly, it might be fun to switch partners sometimes but nothing could be better than this. He had me on top and talked dirty to help me cum again, it took a little time to build me up to it since I had cum so many times that night but when I did it was a gigantic explosion. He came right after me and erupted with the force of holding himself back for so long. The four of us lay spent for a long while together. Jade and I laying in between the guys. When we recovered we said our goodbyes to that couple and started to wander around the room to see what kind of trouble we could find next.

In the center of the room an orgy seemed to be taking place, people were just jumping in where they wanted and no one seemed to mind who was doing what to them. I watched for a while before I got the nerve to join in the fun. I got on my knees and started to suck some guys cock. Reed came up behind me and pushed himself into my ass. Everyone kept changing position in this group and soon I was lying on the ground with a dick in my mouth and a girl with a strap on pounding my pussy. Reed was getting sucked on by a tall brunette and was fingering a blonde girl near him. Ten minutes later I was in a pussy eating chain with a few other girls and he was being ridden by a tan petite woman with long black hair. I made it back to him next and rode him till I came. Reed surprised me by being able to cum again so soon after the first time. We left the orgy still raging and sat on a couch farther across the room.

Two couples were in the middle of banging each other and we watched as a man pounded one of the girls pussies while the other girl straddled her face to be eaten while she sucked the last mans cock there. Reed fingered me as we watched and I orgasmed twice before they did. We were exhausted and very satisfied at this point and took our leave. It was a very happy birthday surprise.