 Two weeks have passed since the fateful day. Tanya has felt an awkwardness between her and Sucheta. Sucheta felt conflicted about her role model and her own interests in spanking. The pain was real as was the pleasure, she felt embarrassed for capitulating to Bishnu's dominance, yet craved it at some level. One day she stopped Tanya after class. 

"Mam! I need to talk to you. In private."

Tanya was waiting for this since the last week. She smiled, "You are always welcome to my office. Come by when you don't have classes."

That evening, Tanya was about to leave when there was a knock on her office door. 

"Come in."

It was Sucheta and Bishnu. 

"Mam... Actually... About that night..." 

"I touched you inappropriately." Bishnu blurted out. 

Tanya reassured him. "No, you did exactly what I wanted. I hope you enjoyed it and felt no coercion. I enjoyed it, so between two adults there is nothing inappropriate." 

"I felt coerced. I couldn't disappoint you both so I couldn't refuse. It's not that I didn't enjoy it, but it was painful too. I don't understand it." Sucheta whimpered. Both Tanya and Bishnu looked shocked. 

"I am sorry. I was irresponsible to drag you into it." Tanya 

"Mam I want a rerun."

"A what?" 

"Rerun. I want to experience it again. With Bishnu, you and your husband present. But without drinks."

This time the shock was even more for Tanya and Bishnu. 

Tanya mumbled, "I'll need to talk with my husband." 

At the same time, Jimmy was in a similar quandary. Priya had been ignoring him since that day and Jimmy was cool with that. But then, Priya pinged him on WhatsApp "Come to the roof at 5. Need to talk. Private."

Jimmy was wondering what she had to say. 

"Hi" he greeted as he saw Priya. "Hi you!" she greeted back. 

After a few moments of strained silence as they watched the sun hide behind the tall office buildings and neon lights mixing with the dying rays of the sun, Jimmy ventured, "You wanted to say something."

"Yes. I am confused. About that day. It felt so dirty. Yet so exhilarating. I would like a rerun."

"Umm.. You mean you want to do it again?" 

"Yes. But no longer drunk. I need to be in senses."

Jimmy looked at Priya's curvy body and felt attracted. But he knew it was a rabbit hole. More importantly he had avoided discussing about it with Tanya; he needed to do that. 

He deflected the decision. "If it involves Tanya, then I need to talk to her."

However that night both Tanya and Jimmy agreed on having an intensive spanking and there-afters session involving Sucheta, Bishnu and Priya. And to celebrate their plans, first Tanya upended herself across Jimmy's lap, while he warmed her ass with the wooden hairbrush. Then it was Jimmy's turn to get his bottom tanned. The spanking turned them on both so much, they had intensive sex that left them with stretched muscles and aching joints. 

Next Friday, Jimmy and Priya got out of office quickly. The kids had been packed off to their grandma's. Tanya too brought Sucheta and Bishnu after the classes. The 3 ladies freshened up and readied themselves. Though they knew that their clothes won't remain too long, they dressed up tastefully. Tanya, as her norm in these occasions, draped a dark blue chiffon saree along with a matching cleavage-revealing backless sleeveless blouse. Priya was in lbd that perfectly accentuated her curves. Sucheta wore a deep cut dress that ended at her knees. The men, on the other hand, took it easy, dressed in utilarian denims and tees. Both the men were out of shape in sharp contrast with the women's athletic or tastefully curvy bodies. 

In spite of all planning to shun alcohol, a single bottle of red wine was opened. A marijuana joint added smoke to the room. It's in this mystical atmosphere that Jimmy suggested having the women naked. First they took off just the other clothes- Tanya's saree and petticoat, Priya's lbd and Sucheta's dress. The three women stood in the punishment pose. Tanya's lithe bronze body in the revealing blouse and sensible panties was in sharp contrast with Priya's huge breasts insufficiently covered by her lacy black bra and the matching G-string. Sucheta, milk chocolate skinned and in high cut red panties and bra, provided the necessary transition. The two men became hard, as they carefully observed the goddesses so willing to capitulate to them. The slow Latina music created a strip club like atmosphere and Tanya had no compunction in walking up to her student who cupped her breasts and stuffed a 10 rupee note in her panty. 

"OK. Now bend over the sofa. First round over the underwear." Jimmy instructed. 

Three upturned bottoms, twerking, craving attention, greeted the men. They took turns slapping them as hard as they could. For the next 15 minutes, the men alternated between slapping and caressing the 3 buttocks. A slight pink tinge came to Priya's bottom, but wasn't evident on others' darker skin. 

Then Jimmy peeled off his wife's panties, while Bishnu did the same for his gf. Priya too had the attention of her colleague. The three women were now bent over 3 small stools facing a wall mirror. Their blushing faces only increased their beauty. The men doubled their leather belts and took turns spanking each woman, while cupping her breasts. Priya chafed at Bishnu fondling her breasts, a younger boy she has just met. But she went with the flow and was rewarded with flowing juices down her thighs. All the three women were enjoying their humiliation unabashedly. 

Then it was "Free the Nipples" time and the women took off their bras. They jiggled their breasts and was immediately rewarded with whacks on their breasts with the belts.

"Ting tong." The session was interrupted by the doorbell. Jimmy answered the door and Tanmay came in. Tanya's brother. He reeked of cheap alcohol and his eyes were red-shot evidence of drug abuse. His scruffy hair and beard made his 6 foot stature look imposing.

"Hey di. You are naked" he greeted Tanya by slapping her on the arsehole, his fingers brushing her labia.

"I can see you guys are short of one. I guess I'll join in," he said, taking off his belt and cracking it across Priya's ample buttocks.

He had not recognized her but she remembered him avidly. She had had a crush on this guy in college. He was then the star kid; the genius computer scientist and co-founder of an unicorn startup. He had never noticed her, the lowly economics hons girl. That was before Deepa, depression and drugs.

Jimmy didn't dare to contradict his brother-in-law. He resumed belting Tanya and Bishnu followed suit with Sucheta. The three leather belts snapped across the ample acreage of bottoms and backs in rhythm, the women openly crying and struggling with the pain. But as their tears rolled down their cheeks, juices ran down their thighs. Pain and pleasure at its best.

The men stopped after leaving two dozen stripes across their victims bodies. "Won't they pay us for our services?" Tanmay asked. Without giving anyone the chance to answer, he pulled down his pants and stuffed Priya's mouth with his cock. She choked from the brutal treatment and the odour of sweat. The two other men grabbed the opportunity and followed suit.

Grabbing her hair, Tanmay was fucking Priya's mouth like a piston. She gasped for air, her heavy breasts heaving. He cracked the belt across her back intermittently spurring her to go faster. Tanya and Sucheta was also experiencing the same from their beaus. 

The men shot their jizz into the women's mouth; it overflowed and ran down their necks and chests. In that condition they took the punishment pose. Their breasts looked inviting. They weren't disappointed. The men whacked them with the belts, raising red welts on the soft mounds. They alternatively hit them on the vaginal lips leaving them raw. In between they mauled the breasts especially the nipples like wild animals or fingered the clits, originating tsunami waves of pain and pleasure. 

The men were soon at half mast again, and the women's bodies sufficiently reddened. They decided to take it to the bedroom for the next part. 

"Do you remember me? I was in your college."

"Priya right. You were the one who found me in the shed the night I ODed."

Priya was stunned that Tanmay remembered her. He had been aware of her all along. 

"Why do you think I am here today? To fuck you. To fuck that effing bitch out of my system. To grab the woman I need. You." he said pulling her into a liplock. 

Priya was stunned. 'Is it the same Tanmay? Does it matter if he was not? Do I really love him, even now, as I did in college? No that wasn't love, that was adoration. Maybe we will find love. Tanmay is ready to take me. I will take him too.' she thought.

The three couples had their first round of sex like riding across the wild west. The women bent over the side of the bed, the men taking them from behind. The bed creaked woefully under the weight and vigorous movements. Soon all six of them were in orgasmic pleasure. 

Priya was now prepped for more experimentalism. She realized while she had no interest in most female bodies, Tanya was a different proposition. The two locked in a 69, tongues playing with the clips, while their male partners engaged them anally. It was another new experience for Priya, one that she had long been curious and afraid about, but enjoyed as it happened. Sucheta and Bishnu too was enjoying their own 69. Since the men had already cum twice, they didn't find their release even as the women shuddered from theirs. 

Jimmy lay down on the bed and Priya lowered her down his hard shaft. Tanya was getting oral attention from her husband while she locked in a tonguey kiss with Priya. The two played with each others' breasts, tugging playfully on the perky nipples. Jimmy was having the time of his life under the two beautiful women. He loved his wife but often chafed at her reluctance with vaginal sex. 

Young Sucheta was being double penetrated by her Bf and Tanmay. While she lay down on the older man, Bishnu was having her anally. It was the first anal experience for either of them, and they were discovering its pleasure slowly. They thanked their luck for being associated with their cool mentor. 

"Hey, look at that young boy. Let's get our experienced snatches grab his tool." Priya told Tanya. Tanya debated the merits of having sexual encounter with her student but could not refuse. But that would come later. Priya wrapped her legs around Bishnu's torso as Sucheta and her mentor engaged in a 69. The two older men were mostly spent after cumming thrice in a matter of hours. Priya had experienced three men one after other and each one was different. Jimmy was the most experienced and had many techniques up his sleeve. Tanmay was more about raw power while Bishnu was a quick learn. Tanya pleasured her student orally, while getting the same attention from her husband. At the other end, Sucheta was sucking Tanmay. 

The night ended hereafter as they all lay sweat-drenched and well exhausted. The three couples were clearly delimited as they dropped off to a stupor in cuddles.