 It had been a couple of months since we moved back to my husband's hometown. It was a nice change from the city life we had been living for the first twelve years of our marriage. My husband had taken us all around and showed us his old "haunts." One of which was the "old swimming hole." It was a very nice spot. It was a creek that ran it's way through the mountains and some years back, the local kids had dammed up a section so the creek backed up and made a nice swimming spot. My husband told me that he and his friends used to jump off the rocks into the pool below. He also told me about his "skinny dipping" adventures when he was in high school. He told me it used to be a spot that lot's of people used to come to for nude sun bathing. Looking at me, he joked that I should give it a try sometime, since he knew that I have always wanted an "all over tan."

About two weeks later, the kids in school and the hubby at work, I decided "What the heck." I grabbed my thong bikini (in case I couldn't bring myself to getting totally naked), a towel and some tanning lotion. Off I went to the swimming hole.

It was a beautiful day, the sun was warm and it felt good to get out. I parked the car up the road and took the trail the 1/2 mile down to the creek. It was about 10 am and it looked like I had the whole place to myself. I picked out a spot in some sand about 5 feet from the edge of the creek and up around a slight bend in the creek from the "pond." I laid out my towel, took of my bikini top, put some lotion on and laid down on my back to catch some rays. It was about 15 minutes later when I thought I heard some voices coming down the trail. I am not a prude or anything, but not knowing who it was, I decided to roll over on my stomach so that my breasts weren't exposed when whoever was coming didn't get a shock. I went back to reading the book that I had brought.

Around a bend in the creek came four teenage boys, they stopped in their tracks when they saw me, and one said "Oh, sorry, we didn't know anyone was here." I looked up from my book, smiled and said it was ok and that there was plenty of sun and creek for everyone. They smiled and said "Thanks" and headed on down towards the pond. As they were passing me, I noticed that they were all stealing glances at me. Once they were past, I overheard one of them say, "Did you see her ass? She is hot!"

I had to smile to myself, at 31, I guess my 5'4," 130lbs, 36C-28-34 isn't so bad after all. It felt good to know that after having two children, that I could still be referred to as "HOT."

I heard the boys starting to have fun down in the water, splashing and having the fun that only teens can in their prime. I put them out of my mind and went back to reading. I had been on my stomach now for about 30 minutes and figured that I needed to roll back over to even myself out. I rolled over and noticed that I should put some more lotion on so that my breasts wouldn't burn. I sat there rubbing the lotion into my breasts and stomach, when I noticed that the boys had gotten quiet. I looked down the creek but didn't see anything. So I finished putting on the lotion and laid back down.

What I didn't know was that two of the boys had climbed up on the rocks to jump into the water, thus giving them a bird's eye view of me while I was putting on my lotion. They called the other two up and all eight eyes got a real show as I sat there and rubbed my tits.

Oblivious to the boys, and not having heard them in awhile, I figured they had left. So, I decided to take my thong bikini bottoms off and really work on my tan. I lifted my hips and pulled them down, lifting my legs up so I could pull then off my ankles. I figured that I had better put some lotion on my pussy since I really didn't want a sunburn down there. I squirted some lotion into my hand and proceeded to work it into my skin and on the inside of my thighs.

The boys, still on the rocks and watching me, must have had a good show as I laid there rubbing the lotion onto my shaved pussy. It must be what sent them over the "edge" so to speak, because it wasn't long after that that a shadow fell across my body and I looked up to see four young men with bulges in their shorts standing over me.

I reached for my bikini to cover myself when one of them kicked it out of my reach. I stood up, scooping my towel up with me and covering myself as best I could with it. I asked them what they thought they were doing, and one of them replied "Oh, don't go getting all shy now. You know we have been up there on the rocks watching you and your little show." "Yeah," another one said, "you sitting down here playing with your tits, then showing us that sweet pussy."

"Look boys," I stammered, "I didn't know you were there, I thought you had left. I didn't mean to make a display of myself for you."

"Boys!" the biggest of them said, "We'll show her we aren't "boys" won't we guys?" With that, he snatched the towel from me and left me standing there naked. I tried covering my breasts with my hands, but one of them grabbed me from behind and forced my arms behind my back. He was holding me tight, and I could feel his hardon through his shorts pressing into my ass. Six other sets of hands went for my body then, my breasts, my ass, one snaked it's way between my thighs and started trying to shove his fingers into my pussy. I clamped my legs tight so that he couldn't get them into me.

"Please," I begged, "You don't want to do this!" "Shut up slut!" the big one said, then turning to his friends, "Bill you grab an ankle and Dave you grab the other. I wanna see if this slut tastes as good as she looks."

The one holding me from behind leaned me back as his two friends followed orders. The big one dropped to his knees as his buddies pulled my legs open for him. His tongue went straight to my pussy. He shoved his tongue deep into me like he was trying to lick my belly button from the inside. The other two, as they held me, started using their free hands on my tits, pinching my nipples and mauling them with their hands.

I don't know what came over me, but the combination of a tongue on my clit and pussy and those two hands kneading my breasts sent bolts of energy shooting through my body. I could feel my body tighten up as an orgasm was approaching. On reflex, my hips started rotating and I thrust my pussy onto the tongue that was lapping at me. I didn't realize that the two holding my ankles had let go until I felt their mouths on my nipples. That sent me over the edge, and I came on the tongue buried in my pussy.

The big one looked up at me and smiled, knowing that his tongue had just given me an orgasm. He stood and looking over my shoulder asked, "Hey James, now that she is nice and wet, you want to give her a try?" "Hell yes!," said James, "Her ass has been rubbing into my cock while you three have been having your fun. I thought I was gonna cum in my pants there a couple of times!" James let me go and came around in front of me. I still had Bill and Dave holding onto me and sucking on my tits.

James reached down and opened the front of his shorts. Pulling them down, I saw what must have been a 9 inch cock and he was rock hard.

He laid down on my towel, and holding the base of his cock so that it stuck straight up in the air, he told Bill and Dave to bring me over. I straddled his waist and he grabbed my hips and pulled me down onto his hard cock. In one stroke, he was buried to the hilt in my pussy. He started thrusting up into me. I hadn't been filled up with a cock like that in a long time. I couldn't help myself and started grinding my hips down onto him meeting him thrust for thrust.

Bill and Dave didn't want to be left out of the action and taking off their shorts, they moved up on either side of me and started rubbing their cocks on my breasts and face. I opened my mouth and took Dave's hard cock into my mouth. I could taste his pre cum and knew he couldn't last long. Bill was stroking his cock and rubbing it against my nipples. I reached up and replaced my hand with his and started stroking him. Then, I brought him to my mouth and took him into it.

I was riding James' hard cock and taking turns sucking on Bill and Dave. 

Then, I felt something cool drip onto my ass. I looked back over my shoulder and saw the big one (I found out later his name was Mark) putting tanning lotion on my ass. He started working it into my ass with his finger. He slid one finger, then another into my ass. Then he moved up behind me and placed the tip of his cock on my ass. Reaching down, he grabbed my hips and shoved his hard cock up my ass. I let out a squeal as he and James set up a rhythm and started really fucking me.

Here I was, being taken by a cock in my pussy, one in my ass and two cocks taking turns in my mouth. I couldn't help myself.....I started cumming. And it was a world shattering orgasm. I was moaning around the cock in my mouth. Yanking on the cock in my hand and thrusting forward and back to get those two cocks buried deeper into me.

Dave shot his load of cum down my throat. Bill unloaded on my tits, then I took him into my mouth to suck out the last few drops. 

James thrust up deep into my pussy and filled me with his cum. The cock in my ass started to twitch, as he was cuming, he pulled out and sprayed it all over my ass and back.

My legs were shaky as Dave and Mark helped me to my feet. The five of us walked down the pool and they cleaned me up. The cool water felt good, and the eight sets of hands roaming over my body felt even better.

All four of them were getting hard again while rubbing me. I started rubbing back, their young cocks sprang back to life as I took turns stroking them. We maneuvered over to the side of the pool. And with the four of them leaning against the rocks, I went from one to the other sucking them into my mouth. They tasted so clean and fresh after our little swim. I devoured them. Sucking and stoking until each one of them came in my mouth.

As the four of them laid there, I got out of the pool and headed back to my things. I put my bikini on and picked up the rest of my stuff. Over my shoulder, the "boys" were coming up out of the pool. I smiled and waved as I walked up the trail. Just before I turned the bend out of their sight, I looked back and called, "You know, I might just have to come tanning here again tomorrow."

The four of them were all smiles as I rounded the bend in the trail.