 After paying for the tattoo for Tammy I heard from her about a week and a half later. She wanted to thank me for the tattoo and said she had a surprise for me. She asked when we could get together. I told her Friday was good for me and she agreed. 

When Friday arrive Tammy left a message on my machine saying she would be over around 8 pm and there was no need to put on anything special because we would be staying in.

I sat in my house and watched TV and chilled waiting for Tammy and her surprise. I made sure I didn't lock the door because Tammy likes to just walk in and come to my bedroom to see what I am doing.

I heard her come in and I just waited in the bedroom to see what she had in store for me. When she reached the top of the steps she asked me to close my eyes and get ready.

When I opened my eyes I was totally shocked to see Tammy standing there with another girl wearing a long coat. I recognized the other girl as Linda one of the girls that worked with Tammy in the office. Tammy looked at me, smiled and said this is your surprise and that was the clue for Linda to remove her coat. Linda only had a red bow covering her pussy. No bra or panties, I was shocked but very pleased.

Linda is not like Tammy at all. She is tall about 5' 9" and very slim. Her breast are small maybe 34a and her butt is tight. She has long legs that go on forever. I have talked to Tammy many times before about how I thought Linda was hot but I never expected this.

Tammy said, "Thanks for the tattoo, I know you will like the present. You wanted to fuck her before, now you can have at it. I'll just sit here and watch the action."

Tammy then hopped up onto the dresser and crossed her legs to view the festivities. That is when I noticed how sexy Tammy was dressed. She was wearing a medium length skirt loose fitting and a tight button front white blouse. Her big tits were pushing against the blouse fighting for freedom.

I stood up and walked toward Linda, she dropped down on her knees and slid my basketball type shorts down. I wasn't wearing any underwear because I planned on fucking Tammy that night. Linda took my cock and licked under the shaft. That got it to growing at an increased rate then before. She sucked my balls into her mouth one at a time. My cock was hard now and she let it rub against her face. 

Linda looked me straight in the eye and said, "Thanks for Tammy's tattoo." 

She then took my entire cock in her mouth in one gulp. I was so overwhelmed I almost lost my load right then. 

Tammy saw this and said, "Hold on baby, don't blow yet, this bitch can really suck some cock and I told her she better give you one of her best ever."

Linda started working on my cock like she knew it personally. She took it all the way in then all the way out, then just the head in, then nibble on the head. She was pushing all the right buttons. She grabbed my ass as my cock went deep in her mouth to assure deepest insertion.

I didn't know how long I could hold on to my cum with this expert dicklicker working her magic. Tammy knew I was close and told me to let loose whenever I wanted too. 

I screamed, "I going to cuuuummmm Linda, I going to cuuummm."

Linda grabbed hold of my ass and thrust my cock deep in her mouth. I could feel it hit the back of her throat. I let go some of the most powerful blasts I can ever remember shooting. Linda swallowed all of it like the champion cocksucker she is. 

I fell back onto the bed and took several deeps breaths to try and recover quickly.

Tammy said, "Good job Linda, you nasty cunt, now you better get him revived and ready to go again just like I told you."

Linda got on the bed between my legs and began to lick my balls. She then went lower and started to lick my asshole. Now I know that Tammy told her that would bring my cock back to life the quickest and Linda was on top of it. She licked all around the rim. Everywhere a tongue could fit she put it there. Then she eased it into my ass. She had my legs up in the air and was rolling me on my back. She was thoroughly eating my ass out. Linda grabbed my dick and started jerking me. My cock was coming back to life very quickly.

Tammy, watching all the action said, " Good job slut, just like I told you to do. You are an obedient little bitch." 

When my dick was hard Tammy said it was time for me to fuck my present. Linda laid on the bed and opened her legs wide. I stroked my dick a few times, look at Tammy and told her thanks.

Tammy replied, "No problem, you can have this cunt whenever you choose. Now fuck her and fuck her good." 

I shoved my cock deep in her pussy in one quick stroke. I didn't care if she was wet enough from the sucking but fortunately for her she was. Linda gasped. Tammy laughed. I continued pounding. I was taking no mercy on Linda. No gentleness, just hard fucking. I was literally coming off the bed and letting my weight fall on top of her. Linda began to scream that it was too hard and could I slow down.

Tammy chimed in and said, "Give her all that dick, she can take it. I know the way she loves dick, she will be coming soon anyway."

I pumped a few more strokes in her then turned her over on her stomach. I had her position her ass high in the air and rammed my cock in her pussy. I grabbed her hips and pushed the entire length in her. Linda did just as Tammy had said, she began to thrust back to meet my movements. She was thrusting backwards and I was pushing forward. We were going at it like that for about ten minutes before she stiffened her body. Her orgasm was on its way and I wanted to feel it.

Linda yelled, "OOOhhhh, you're making me cum, yea, keep it up, fuck me baby, fuck me. Yesssssssss, give me that dick. Fuck me with that big black dick of yours."

I slapped Linda hard on the ass while she was cuming and it seemed to bring more of it out of her. I could feel the wetness on my cock as she spewed cum. 

Linda then looked back at Tammy and said, "You were right, that is some good dick."

Tammy answered, "It's not over, you better hold on for a rough ride."

I yanked my cum saturated cock out of Linda's cunt and slid it immediately in her asshole. 

Linda yelled, "Oohhh, I don't know if I can take all that dick in my ass. But put it in, I want to try."

I fucked Linda's ass relentlessly. I tried to make my dick come out through the front. I had her jerking and twitching and trying to get out from under me. I only had a few more strokes left in me before I was going to let loose. I pumped four more times and entered Linda to the hilt. I let go of some of the most forceful shots of cum I can ever remember. Linda held in her air and waited for me to empty. Then we both laid there and rested for a couple of minutes.

Linda got up and went to the bathroom and I walked over to Tammy, sitting on the dresser. I came up to her and gave her a hug for giving me such a good present. I leaned in to give her a kiss and she said she didn't want to kiss me because she could smell Linda on me. I started kissing her neck and she began to loosen up. I kissed her neck all around working on her weak spots. I worked my mouth up to hers and eased my tongue in her open mouth. She brought her tongue to mine and we were locked in a hot kiss. I moved my hands down to her ass and locked on to her butt. I moved her closer towards me and she grabbed my cock out of habit. 

I know she felt to wet cum on it, but she didn't say anything about it. Her skirt allowed her legs to open and for me to stand in between them. Our kiss became deeper when we both were shocked to find Linda had come out of the bathroom and was standing behind me pressing my body tighter against Tammy's. Linda took hold of Tammy's legs and attempted to wrap them around both of our bodies. I think that woke Tammy from her state of euphoria and she quickly told Linda she was done and to get dressed and leave. 

Linda got dressed, in just a coat and gave me a warm hug and said goodbye. I walked her downstairs and to the door she said to give her a call anytime and we can try and get together.

When I came back to the bedroom, Tammy was sitting on the bed. 

Tammy said, "Linda fucked my boyfriend without my knowing and now she owes me big. I can make that slut do what I want her to and I'm going to push it to the limit. We will have some fun with her."

Like I mentioned in the first chapter, Tammy and I are just friends, she has a boyfriend and she knows I see other people. Our relationship is very special. Tammy didn't blame her boyfriend for fucking Linda, she just believed Linda should have told her first...