 I started fucking Linda regularly after the first time Tammy set it up. She and I would meet up at various places and fuck like bunnies. Linda was truly, as Tammy had described her, a real cock hound. And with her slim 5'9" height and size 6 body she could and would wear just about anything she wanted. 

Late one afternoon at the mall I accidentally ran into Linda. It was a rather warm day and she was wearing a short sun dress, blue floral print with straps and some blue sandals. The color contrast against her brown skin was lovely. She saw me and gave me a nice warm hug, I hugged her back being sure to grab her at the waist so her dress would ride up a bit and give a little show to any passerby. After the hug I knew I had to fuck her that night. I asked what she was up too and she said she had no plans so I persuaded her to follow me to my house and maybe we could play a little. She anxiously agreed.

Once inside the door, Linda dropped down on her knees and sucked my dick right into her mouth. Looking down upon her I could see into her dress and see she wasn't wearing a bra. Her small 34a breast looked inviting. I grabbed the back of her head and stuck my entire length down her throat. Linda took it all in and did this trick with her throat muscles that almost made me cum.

Linda stood, faced me and said, "I'm glad I ran into you at the mall today. I needed some dick and if I wouldn't have seen you I may have been forced to fuck that young white guy that works at the shoe store. I saw him trying to look under my dress as I tried on some shoes."

I answered, "Knowing you, you were not trying to hard to stop him were you? You know you like that kind of teasing."

"Yea I do, I admit, " Linda said, "I saw a nice bulge in his pants, maybe he would be worth a try."

"Yea, give the kid a shot and show him why you have some of the best pussy in the area," I retorted.

Linda smiled a proud grin, turned and said, "Come up stairs and fuck me please, I need some dick."

Linda sauntered up the steps putting a little extra twist in her walk, knowing I would be watching.

I came up a few minutes behind her and when I entered the room she was on the bed spread eagle, with her dress still on and her blue panties pulled to the side and stroking her very moist cunt.

"Damn girl your not one for foreplay are you," I said.

I decided I would fuck Linda while she was still wearing her clothes. I quickly removed my shorts and tee shirt and came toward her with a powerful hard-on. 

I entered her cunt in one stroke and buried my cock to the hilt. Linda's well used pussy easily accepted my rock hard eight inches and she and I both enjoyed the friction being caused by the blue satin panties remaining in place. Linda really did have some very good pussy and I began to slowly fuck her enjoying it immensely. 

Linda was enjoying the romp and started talking dirty, "Put that dick in me, that's it, all the way, you know how I like it. Ooooh yea, that's how I want to be fucked."

I got into the dirty talking and said, "You don't care what dick is in you do you, just as long as it's hard. I bet you would like that young shoe store boy just because he could fuck you all night long. That young white cock going in and out of your brown pussy would really turn you on wouldn't it?"

"Oh yes, I would fuck that kid until his dick got too sore to continue," Linda said.

In the midst of talking dirty and fucking we were both surprised by an upset Tammy standing next to the bed. I had forgotten that Tammy was coming over tonight and I guess with getting the blow job as soon as I entered the house I had forgotten the lock the door.

Tammy looked down at Linda and said, "How could you do this to me again. First my boyfriend now Jace." 

Linda answered, "I wasn't trying to hurt you Tammy but Jace and I ran in to each other at the mall and one thing led to another and we ended up here."

Linda and me never stopped fucking, in fact I think Linda got more into it when Tammy arrived.

Linda spoke between grunts, "Tammy I know I'm not supposed to fuck him without your permission, but I needed some dick sooo bad today and you know yourself how good it is, so I had to have a little taste."

Linda then held out her hand and went to grab Tammy's. Tammy pulled her hand back and Linda reached for her exposed leg. Tammy was wearing a halter-top mid-drift revealing blouse and a pair of too small athletic net shorts. Linda worked her hand up Tammy's leg until she found her tattoo. Her tattoo was the character Simba from the movie The Lion King. 

Linda said, "Don't be mad Tammy, let me make it up to you by kissing your little 'pussy'."

Linda leaned over and gave Tammy's thigh a nasty lick all the while still fucking me. Now this was Tammy's weak spot. Ever since I paid for her tattoo I told her, the one condition she had to follow was that if anybody wanted to fuck her they had to first kiss the tattoo. Since she had started doing this she became hot whenever the tattoo was kissed. Linda knew this and Tammy began to calm down.

Linda started again, "OOOh Tammy, the dick is so good, why don't you get some yourself. That's what you came over for isn't it? Come join us and give Jace a real treat."

Tammy was weakening and I saw my chance to help her fall. I leaned over and took her face in my hands and gave her a nasty kiss. I knew this would trigger Tammy to loosen up totally. Tammy returned the kiss and I pulled her toward me. To get in close she had to get up on the bed and in doing so she was straddled over Linda's body. 

After the kiss, I said to Tammy, "I'm sorry if I hurt you baby, but when I saw her at the mall I knew I had to fuck her again." Tammy responded, "I don't blame you one bit, your job is to fuck all the pussy you can get and she is such an easy piece of ass. Now ram your dick deep inside this bitch and make her scream."

I increased my pace and began to bang harder into Linda's used cunt. Linda was bouncing on the bed and her face was almost coming in contact with Tammy's net short covered ass.

I was kissing Tammy hard when I told her, "Hey punish that slut by mashing her face in that phat juicy cunt of yours. Show her what she gets for disobeying you." 

Tammy quickly lowered her twat onto Linda's face and started to grind. Linda's pussy tightened and I knew she was about to cum.

I said, "Tammy, Linda is going to cum from you working your cunt on her face. I think she likes it. Keep doing it and lets bring her to the brink."

Tammy kept grinding and when she knew Linda was ready to cum she grabbed hold of her legs and pulled them back as far as she could. This allowed me to enter fully into Linda's pussy and sent her over the edge.

Linda shouted, "I'm fucking cuming, ooooh Tammy you hot bitch, you're making me cum harder than I have in years." Going in Linda that deep made me start to cum also. I let Tammy know as soon I felt it coming.

"Tammy", I said, "I going to cum, open up her legs wide and let me get down in there."

Tammy obliged and I shot spurts in Linda for what seemed like hours.

Linda screamed, "I can't believe how deep you are in me, I can feel that warm cum in the deepest cavern of my pussy. I'm starting to cum again, keep fucking me Jace."

I kept fucking her through both of our orgasms. Tammy just stayed in the same position admiring her work. Tammy released Linda's legs and I exited her pussy with a pop. My dick was covered in both Linda's and my cum. I kissed Tammy and slid her head down my body toward my saturated cock. I knew she wasn't into tasting pussy but by watching us cum I knew she was very hot. Tammy reached my dick and paused, wondering if she should suck it in on not. The answer came easy for her. By bending forward her pussy was right in line with Linda's mouth, and since Linda was recovered from her intense orgasm she knew what needed to be done. Linda somehow got those too small athletic shorts to one side and shoved her tongue in Tammy's snatch.

Tammy's mouth flew open from the feeling and I propelled my cock in. I held her head in place at first but she exerted little resistance. Linda worked her pussy like the expert cunt-licker she was and soon had Tammy squealing. 

I voiced, "That's it Tammy, let Linda lick all of your juicy cunt. I know you're not used to a woman licking you but it's just another tongue."

As my cock started to harden, Tammy released it from her mouth and said, "Linda is going make me cum in her mouth. Yes, yes, yes, I'm cuming, OOOOOh, aaahhhh."

Tammy then sat up and took hold of Linda's head, to keep her in place, and moved her pelvis around be assure that all the cum came out directly in Linda's mouth, just like she did to the tattoo artist.

After Tammy finished cuming, she rolled off of Linda and laid down in the bed drained. Linda got up and fixed her very wrinkled dress and gave me a deep tongue kiss that was loaded with Tammy's juice.

I told Linda, "That was great, I enjoyed fucking you again." Trying not to let on to Tammy that I have been fucking Linda regularly. 

Linda answered, "I know it was good, just like all the other times you fucked me since I was your little present."

Tammy turned around on the bad and looked toward us both. Linda didn't seem concerned, she went to Tammy and laid herself on top of her and looked into her eyes.

Linda said, "That is true I have been fucking Jace for awhile now, but you will be my new partner in crime. We will go around and fuck anyone we choice when and where we choice."

Linda planted a kiss on Tammy and Tammy reached up to hold her tight and they were at it for almost a minute, their tongues dueling both in and outside of their mouths.

Linda left and Tammy motioned for me to lie down next to her in the bed in a spoon position. She still had her shorts on but she wanted to feel my cock pressing against her short covered ass. We slept like that for a few hours.

In the following months, I started seeing more of Linda and through her I meant her sister Lacey. Lacey was about 5'5" long hair, dark complexion, good size tits and a really phat juicy ass. Lacey was not like Linda, she wasn't the kind to sleep around as much as her sister and I liked that about her. We met at her family cook-out and we started dating ever since. Linda was happy the two of us got together and still came to fuck me when we could.

Lacey told me she hated Tammy. She said that the boyfriend Tammy had now was once her boyfriend and Tammy fucked him and took him away. She told me I had better not have any dealings with Tammy or she would be furious. I told Lacey I had very few dealings with Tammy anymore which was the truth. 

As I started fucking Lacey more she started opening up about her family and past and everything. She said that she thought she had seen her father and Linda caught in a compromising position when both girls were around 20 and 21. Lacey wanted to know if Linda had told me anything about this. I said no she had not. 

Lacey then said, "I know many people that have fucked my sister, both male and female, and I know that once she's into it she looses all control and you can say what you want to her. So I want you to fuck her and get the information on this for me. Keep bringing her to the edge then stop, this will make her beg and you can get anything you want out of her."

I asked, "Did I hear you right, you want me to fuck your sister with your permission?"

"Sure, have at her," Lacey responded, "make the slut tell you what I want to know."

I had to ask, "Why do you want to know so badly?"

"Well," said Lacey, "Once when I was younger I saw my father and mother fucking and my father's cock was huge, I want to know if Linda had some and how it felt. I also want to have something on my father so as to make him owe me."

I didn't want to answer to quickly so I calmly said, "Sure whatever you want babe, your wish is my command."

My cock hardened at the fact that I would be fucking Linda with Lacey's permission.

As I was home that night thinking how fun this was going to be, my phone rang and on the other end was Tammy. She wanted to get together for dinner sometime this week. I had to agree, I hadn't seen her in over six months. I knew I would be taking a chance if caught but Tammy was still a good friend of mine. We set something up for Friday evening.

I met Tammy at the restaurant she looked very good. She was wearing a black dress, mid thigh length with a rounded neckline and an open back. She had gained some weight but it was in all the right places. Her tits were noticeably larger than the 36c size before. If I had to guess I would say she was sporting 38's easy. She had picked up a few pounds around her middle but she was carrying it very well. She had a pair of black mules on, not to high but high enough to show off her legs. Her legs were just as sexy as ever if not more. The open back of the dress came down to almost her ass she was sizzling and she knew it. Tammy met me in the front of the restaurant and we hugged. She lifted her leg in the back as we were hugging to show that extra little feeling. As the hostess walked us to our table, with Tammy leading, men throughout the place were turning to look at this sex-pot and some women too. When the hostess left Tammy made a comment about how sexy she looked in that tight dress, she was right. The hostess was a young white girl in her late teens, maybe 19, had medium to nice size tits and very athletic shaped legs. As she was leading us to our table, we both noticed that she had a thong on under her dress. After a few minutes the waitress came and took our orders and we settled down in some conversation.

Tammy filled me in on her job and also her part-time job. She would, on weekends, be a bridal host, that job consisted on her helping the wedding party at the reception by getting drinks making sure everyone knew where everything was and organizing and maintaining the bridal suite, which was a small room used by the bridal party before and during the reception. Tammy would sometimes get tips from the bridal party if she did a good job. She told me lately her tips have been excellent. I asked why.

Tammy started, "Once toward the end of a reception I left to get a jump on cleaning the bridal suite when one of the groomsmen entered. I thought he just wanted to use the restroom that was there but he came toward me and stood close. He than grabbed me by my arms and bent down and kissed me. I responded by reflex and opened my mouth to allow his tongue to enter. He had me weak and I melted in his arms. He broke the kiss and walked me over to the sofa and had me sit down. He took out his black cock and moved it toward my mouth. It was no force involved I wanted to suck this dick. I opened up my mouth and he shoved his dick in. I worked his cock with my tongue and started to really get in to it."

Right about this time Tammy had her shoe off in the booth we were seated in and raised her foot in my lap. She started to massage my hardening dick though my tan pleated trousers. The hostess came pass, after walking another couple to their table, and saw what was going on and Tammy just smiled and licked her lips at her. Tammy was making everybody in the place hot and she knew it.

Tammy continued, "Just as I was getting into it I felt him twitch and jerk I knew he was about to cum. I took his cock out of my mouth and helped him to cum on the floor. He thanked me and quickly departed. Ten minutes later another groomsmen came in and I met him in between the door and the sofa and dropped down to my knees to get ready for this blow job. His cock was out of his pants in record time and in mouth just as fast. I worked him slower, allowing him to fuck my mouth longer. When I knew he was about to cum I pulled his cock out of my mouth too and let him shoot on the floor."

I said, "I now know why your tips have been improving." 

Tammy told more, "At another wedding, I had sucked off about three groomsmen when the groom himself came in. I didn't want to do him, he had just gotten married a few hours ago and already cheating. He came to me and pulled out this big, long, black cock, similar to that porn star I like. Well next thing I know I'm sitting on the arm of the sofa sucking this big, black, long dick like a woman possessed. Then he stops abruptly, turns me over, pulls down my pants and has his black cock in my wet snatch in no time flat. I really wanted to stop, but it was feeling to good. So I told myself I would not let him cum in me. Well, he started pumping deeply, and holding me by the hips and then he shot several hard, hot jolts of cum directly into the back of my pussy."

Tammy stopped her story to ask me to pick up her spoon she had dropped on the floor. When I bent down below the table to retrieve the spoon I looked toward her and found her panties pushed aside and her fingers deep in her pussy. She had opened her legs a little wider and her foot was still in my lap. She was fingering herself and getting quite moist. When I came back up from underneath the table Tammy leaned over the table and curled her finger for me to meet her there. When I got there she acted as if she wanted to whisper something to me and slyly slid her damp finger in my mouth. I have to admit it tasted good. 

An older white couple in the booth next to us watched the entire show and was pretty impressed. Before they left they bought us a round of drinks and waved goodbye. By the way the wife was acting, I know the husband was going to be in for a wild night.

Tammy smiled and continued with her narrative, "I don't know what came over me, I just couldn't stop. After he came in me I took his dick out of me and stuck it back in my mouth. I sat on the sofa and sucked the life back into him. I felt him hardening and was very pleased when he pulled his dick from my mouth and raised up my legs and reentered my hungry hole. I started thrusting toward him to meet his pushes. He fucked me that way for about ten minutes before he came in me again. This time after he finished he pulled his pants up and headed back to his wedding reception. I got myself together and headed to the reception also. It was business as usual when I got there and no one was the wiser. His wife, the bride, was pretty drunk and she was dancing wildly on the floor with everyone. He called me over to get him a drink and when I returned with it he said that he would be fucking that tonight, pointing to his bride. He said she wouldn't last too long in that condition and I could come over and get some more dick. I said I couldn't imagine doing anything like that. He told me they would be staying at the Hyatt for the evening and would be leaving the next morning on the honeymoon. You know I ended up getting fucked by him in the front room of the suite while his new wife lay intoxicated on the bed in the next room."

From her story, her actions and the taste of her I was hard as steel. Tammy felt this and began grinding harder into my crotch with her foot.

She asked me, "Are you going to take me to your house and give me a good working over tonight?"

I answered, "I can't, Lacey would kill me if she found out.

Tammy said, "She'll never know, I'll keep it a secret. Plus I think your cock has already decided for you."

Lucky for me our food came and I got time to get myself together and my cock to settle down. Towards the end of our meal the hostess came by one more time, gave Tammy this suspicious look and headed to the restroom. We both turned our heads to see her walk away in that tight dress and look for the outline of her thong. Tammy then got up quickly and followed her. When Tammy returned, ten minutes later, she had wicked look on her face.

I asked, "What happened in there?"

Tammy said, "When I got in the bathroom she was leaning against the sink in a very sexy pose. I approached her and pulled her into me and stuck my tongue in her mouth. She reciprocated and we exchanged each other's saliva. Her mouth was warm and sweet. I ran my hand up the back of her leg and quickly reached the bottom of her dress. I squeezed that bare ass and worked my hands toward the center and her young prize. She hopped up on the sink and I had her legs open, her tit out and my hands going for her pussy when we heard someone coming. We went to an empty stall and she stood on the seat to make it appear to be just one person in there. Since I knew I had her in a vicarious position I made her take off her thongs and give them to me. I left the stall, washed my hands and came back to the table. These are for you."
