 ~~~~~~~~~

Reading chapters 1-2 is helpful, but not necessary.

Much thanks to the readers that encouraged me to continue Mark and Karen's adventure. You know who you are. :)

~~~~~~~~~

Neither Mark or Karen said a word for nearly ten minutes after they left the lake. With the radio off, the sound of the classic Camaro's engine was all the music Mark needed, but once Karen turned in her seat to face him, he stopped hearing the roar.

"We almost did something crazy back there," Karen said, giving her husband a sly smile. "I mean, we did several crazy things, things that we've never come close to doing before."

"You could say that," Mark replied with a wry smile. He glanced at the torn part of her dress and chuckled, keeping half of his focus on the road while reaching over to grasp her thigh. "The worst part is that I when wasn't thinking straight, I almost pushed for more. I'm mostly glad we stopped when we did though."

"Mostly?"

Mark sighed, slowing down to pull into the parking lot of a strip mall. He parked across two spaces in the back of the lot where no other cars were around, then turned off the engine so he could focus on his wife.

"Yeah, if I'm going to be totally honest, mostly. What we did with those college kids was kind of reckless and impromptu, but the overwhelming sexuality was a massive rush. It was for me personally, and I could read the excitement written across your entire body too. The other two guys would have devoured you if I gave them the slightest signal of permission, and we both know it."

"I'm sure Amy would have enjoyed you too," Karen said with a giggle, covering his hand with hers. "She may have two young studs that are built nicely, and no disrespect in any way to you babe, but you and I, we're not exactly twenty any more, and if I read her right, she would drop them both for you in a hot minute."

Laughing softly, Mark patted his wife on the leg. "Thanks for the polite lie, but I know what I look like. Those two guys spend half their life in the gym, and I spend the same amount of time at a desk typing and clicking a mouse. I'm never going to be a threat to their sex appeal."

"I know what I saw in her eyes, hon, and I know how a woman's mind works," Karen whispered as she giggled and slapped his arm, then her face grew serious. "Wait a second, did you really say that you almost pushed for more to happen at the lake? What do you mean? Like with Dave and Peter? Or with Amy?"

"Yes."

Karen's cheeks turned red, but she didn't look away. Mark could see her nipples firm up under her thin summer dress, and he gave her a slight grin as his hand slid up her thigh to stop just under the hem of her skirt.

"You were almost naked between them at first, and even I could see their hands and cocks between your legs," Mark said, sliding his hand higher until he felt the wetness of her pussy. "Then in the water, you actually were naked between them, and at that point, as well as where we set up the chairs and coolers, I couldn't see what the three of you were doing to each other, but I seriously doubt you were reciting nursery rhymes."

"We weren't doing anything more than you and Amy probably were," Karen said. Her breathing grew deeper as she wrapped her hands around Mark's forearm, watching his muscles move while his fingers teased her. "There wasn't any penetration babe, I promise."

"And I believe you," he said, leaning closer. "But what if there was? You kind of begged me to finger your ass, which you've never done before, and when I did, it make you cum like crazy while you were staring at Peter and Dave. I have no doubt it was totally their influence, and I'm not mad at you or them for it. It made me wonder what the three of you were doing when I wasn't looking, and part of me was jealous, and the other part of me was turned on like crazy."

"I know, I know, it's not normal for either of us. The whole thing sounds gross and creepy right now, but in the moment, it was hot as hell, and I'm not sure, but I think it was Dave who had his cock pressed against my pussy while Peter was rubbing it."

"And both of them were all over your boobs," Mark continued, moving his other hand up to grasp her breast. "Just like your hands were all over them, Amy copied you by making sure we had our hands all over each other's bodies."

"But you're not mad at me?"

"Didn't I just say I almost pushed for more?"

Karen moaned and whispered a curse as she shifted in her seat. She spread her legs further and leaned the seat back, then pulled up her skirt as she looked at Mark with hunger in her eyes.

"I would have done anything," Karen whispered, breathing heavily as she unbuttoned her dress to expose her breasts. "I'm sorry if it bothers you to hear it, but when Dave and Peter woke me up in my chair, I was almost naked, just like you left me, as if you wanted it to happen, and I would have sucked and fucked them both if you wanted me to. You only told me to tease them, and they paid me back by teasing me just as much."

"At the same time you were between them, I was naked with Amy," Mark said. He leaned down to lick her nipples and gave her a smile. "If we had to do it again, I'd want to see a fantasy come to life and watch the two of you girls making out. Hell, I'd let both of those guys fuck you and we'd all have an orgy that would drive us both crazy."

Karen cursed again when her phone rang, and she moaned to see the caller ID picture of two erect shafts on her screen. She arched her back as she pushed her husband's hand out from between her legs, her eyes wide as she looked between the nudity on her phone and at her husband.

"How did this happen?" Karen asked. "I didn't take this picture."

Mark laughed, pressing the screen to answer the call. "That was Amy's doing. Put her on speaker so we can both talk to her."

"Hey guys," Amy said through the speaker. "I know this is super weird, but I was wondering if you could do us a huge favor."

"What's going on?" Mark asked, holding his wife's breast and leaning down to suck on her nipple.

"Our girlfriend Joanne is done with class and wanted to join us at the lake. Since you didn't leave too long ago, we were thinking that you'd be close to campus, and that maybe you could give her a lift out here so we don't have to drive. The vodka says that is probably a bad idea for a few hours."

Mark gave his wife a smile, raising one eyebrow as he started the engine.

( .)(. )

"I can't believe I'm drinking in the car," Karen said with a giggle.

"Or that you're doing it half undressed? I think you've flashed three truckers at this point, not to mention whoever saw you in the parking lot when you got the wine bottle from the trunk."

Karen took another sip and put the bottle in the cup holder, readjusting her open top so the seat belt held it in place firmly.

"Today is crazy, you know I've never been one to flash my boobs a lot," Karen said. "Are you only OK picking up Joanne because you think you'll get to grope her and see her boobs? Or are you doing it for both of us to have a little more fun at the lake?"

"Both of us, of course," Mark said, giving her a glance. "It doesn't hurt that a girl I've never seen will be going back with us, and there's a chance I'll see her naked, as well as you and Amy again. The bottom line is that we both enjoy ourselves and we don't do anything that would upset anyone involved, for any reason."

"That what I was hoping you'd say, because that's what I was thinking as well," Karen said, then paused for a moment and smiled widely. "Even if nothing more happens, today is going to fuel some crazy good sex for a long time whenever we finally get home."

Mark was silent while he pulled off the road and waited in front of a sorority house. He pointed his phone at his wife, and as soon as Karen realized what he was doing, her eyes and mouth opened wide. The sound of the shutter clicked as she reached to close her dress, and Mark laughed quietly.

"I hope you don't mind, but I wanted a memento of this moment. It's not often I get to see a sexy lady showing off her tits in the front seat of my car."

Karen blushed, and she fastened one button before taking off her seat belt.

"That's probably her," Mark said, pointing at the only person walking towards them. "Amy said she had a green top and black shorts, so this fits."

"Joanna?" Karen asked, getting out of the car. "I'm Karen, and Amy sent us to fetch you."

"That's me," Joanna replied, reaching out to shake hands, then bending over to wave through the car at Mark. "Thanks so much for the ride, I don't think I would have made it out to the lake today otherwise. Are you sure you're cool driving back there right after you left?"

Karen shook her head, waving her hand dismissively, then reached out to take Joanna's bag and carried it in the trunk. "It's no problem, don't worry about it. If nothing else, it's a great day for a drive, and we don't get out too often. Feel free to sit in the front seat if you want."

"Hey, thanks. This is a pretty cool car you guys got here. Everyone I know either has a tiny loud import or something sensible and boring."

Mark pulled the car back onto the highway, gunning the engine once the signs showed that the speed limit was increased. Joanna's eyes were wide open, and she had a huge smile as she gripped the arm rest, silently staring at the road, her knuckles paled as her whole body pressed back into the seat.

"Sorry folks, I need to pull over into that rest stop," Mark said, sighing as he slowed down several miles later. "It's just for a minute, I promise."

An answer of "No problem," came from both women, and he pulled his car into a parking spot as far away as he could from the other cars.

"I'll be right back," he whispered, climbing out as soon as the engine turned off.

"So did Amy tell you anything about today?" Karen asked when Mark's door closed.

"Hell yeah she did," Joanna laughed, flexing her hands as she turned in her seat to look at Karen. "You guys got a little crazy in a totally fun way, and I was hoping to see some of that myself."

Karen took a deep breath, then reached for the bottle of wine.

"This is so insanely weird for me to even think about, much less say out loud," Karen whispered, handing the college girl the bottle. "Could I maybe ask you a crazy little favor?"

Joanna's eyes sparkled as she giggled, tucking her legs under her body. "My girlfriend and boyfriends all call me the crazy one. I'm up for anything, honey. I dare you to make me prove it."

( .)(. )

Mark got into the car and reached for the ignition, then paused and gave a confused look to his wife when he found the keys were gone.

"Babe?"

"I have a confession," Karen replied in a whisper. "I swear I was going to tell you when we got home and use it to hopefully kick up our sex life a notch or three, but right now seems like a better time."

"A confession? Did you do something at the lake that I didn't see?"

Karen nodding, her cheeks turning pink. "When you took the guys away to show off the car, that's when Amy and I came up with our plan for her to tease you like you were making me tease Dave and Peter."

"I figured that part out all by myself."

"Yeah, OK," Karen continued as she stared at the dashboard. "But what I didn't say before is that since I was already half naked, right after Amy told me that she was in a four-way relationship, and we were already turned on, she... Umm... I don't know..."

"My girlfriend's mouth met your wife's pussy," Joanna interrupted. "I wish I could have seen it, Amy's always so sexy with her tongue on a pussy."

"I kept to our rule though," Karen said louder, almost cutting off Joanna's comment. "No penetration happened, I promise. It weirded me out, it kind of scared me, and she was polite about stopping, but I... It... I had to stop her because I was scared to admit that I was so turned on and liked it so much. You know how much I like your tongue down there, but to see a woman's face... So yeah, that was it. That's my confession. Another woman did that for the first time."

"Holy shit," Mark chuckled. He turned further in his seat, smiling at Joanna's excited look and Karen's embarrassment. "I would have liked to see that too, babe. Did you tell me now because you wanted to do it again?"

"Kind of," Karen whispered, taking a sip of wine and sitting back. She took a deep breath and unbuttoned her top to expose her breasts to them and the parking lot. "I wanted you to know everything, but I also wanted to do something more. I want you to see me with a woman for the first time, and I want you to see us doing things. Did you want to see me kiss a woman too, babe?"

"You want to kiss Joanna?" Mark asked, looking at them both. "Is that what you talked about when I was gone for three whole minutes?"

"Not just that, but also that I want us to get the same permissions," Karen said. "If I'm going to kiss a girl, I want to see you do it too. I want to see you kissing Joanna, right here, right now, and I want to kiss you both. Then at the lake, you'll watch me kiss two other men. Mark? Is this OK with you? Did I go too far?"

Mark chuckled and reclined his seat to be closer to his wife. He rubbed her thigh as he looked at Joanna, raising one eyebrow.

"Oh yeah, I'm totally game for it, this is hot as hell," Joanna said. She reached out to grasp Karen's nearest breast, staring into her eyes while she slid her hand up Mark's leg, stopping as she grasped his bulge. "It might be awkward in the back seat, but we could always try a three-way kiss too. Take your time if you want, I'm in no rush to get to the lake if you two are gonna get all sexy up in here."

"I'll allow it," Mark said, pulling his wife closer and giving her a brief kiss. "I was thinking about stuff too, but my version is a little dirtier."

Karen cursed in a whisper, glancing at Joanna. "Why do I get the feeling that today is going to set a record amount of orgasms in one afternoon? Mark? What was your idea?"

"I saw how you were with Peter and Dave. I'm not judging you, I was only thinking that I could read your level of horny." Mark pushed her skirt higher, chuckling nervously and staring when Joanna's fingers joined his as they both rubbed Karen's pussy. "To keep the kissing thing going, that's technically oral penetration. Our rule of penetration would have to end, and if oral sex is allowed anywhere, the only version of a dick meeting a pussy for you and me remains ours to share with only each other, but I guess anything else can happen."

"You want me to give both of the guys a blowjob?" Karen asked, moaning and spreading her knees.

"If you want to suck them off, and... Wait, you can suck off all three of us if you want, or just them while I fuck you. Or you three girls randomly change which dick is in your mouths, I don't care, as long as I'm involved. And you can put anything you want into your mouth, or have fingers and tongues anywhere they want to go."

"I'm totally up for a six-way orgy at the lake," Joanna said, making sure the couple knew she was pushing one finger into Karen's pussy. "I don't even know you two, but I like your vibe, and when Amy said she'd gladly fuck both of your brains out, I totally trust her, so I'll do anything with you. Hell, do you want me to start the blowjob now? With my three fuck buddies approving of you two, there isn't anything I'd say no to."

Karen cursed and pushed them away, smiling as she closed her legs and smoothed her skirt down over her thighs. After shifting and pulling on her top to make sure her breasts were still exposed, she took a long deep breath and looked at each of them for several seconds.

"I'll do my best to keep to the new rules if you do," Karen said, and a slight smile crossed her face. "Joanna? Right before we picked you up, my husband took a picture of me like this. He's already got a topless picture of Amy on his phone, so would you let him take a picture of you flashing him from the passenger seat too?"

"Like I said, I'm game for whatever," Joanna said. She pulled her arms into her shirt and worked it halfway up her torso, then paused as she looked at Mark. "OK, one serious moment real quick before we get the sexy turned up to eleven again. I almost never let people take nudes of me, but I like you. If you don't get my face in it, and if you promise to never put it on the internet, you can get all kinds of dirty pics of me in your sexy car."

"That's fine," Mark said, turning to face her. "The internet is forever, and I think it's seriously screwed up when people post nudes online that they shouldn't."

Joanna nodded her head, glancing through the windshield before taking her shirt off. She giggled when she pulled her bikini top off and saw Mark's smile, then gave Karen a smile as she pushed down her shorts and bikini bottoms at the same time. Turning to rest her back on the door, she put one foot on Mark's thigh, reaching down to rub one finger on her clit.

"Any time you're ready," Joanna whispered. "Wait, how about video instead? You can watch me in the act of rubbing my pussy for you both that way."

Mark clicked to take one picture, then switched to video mode. He glanced at his wife in the back seat, winking at Karen to let her know he caught her excited reaction.

"Is it time for the kiss yet?" Joanna asked, turning to Karen. "Wait, which pair of lips did you want to see your husband kiss?"

"Your mouth," Karen laughed, leaning forward. "I'm not ready to see his mouth on your pussy, but I'm sure that's going to happen too. But you have to kiss my mouth right before and after him. Holy shit, I can't believe I said those words."

Joanna got onto her knees on the seat, and she jerked towards Karen. Pressing her lips to Karen's cheek, her hand on her jaw, Joanna gave her a dozen small pecks, each one moving closer to the edge of her lips. Karen's eyes closed on the last kiss, moaning softly as the naked woman kissed her lower lip.

"Watch me kiss your husband," Joanna whispered. She reached out to hold Karen's breast, then pulled Mark's hand to her breast. "Watch our lips. Watch our tongues. Listen to us kiss for you, honey."

"This is so weird," Karen breathed. "I've never been this close to anyone kissing like this."

"I've got to admit something too," Joanna said, placing a modest kiss directly on Karen's lips, then kept her eyes open and locked with her as she moved to kiss Mark's lip. "Despite what you may think of me, I haven't fucked very many people, I just fuck a few people a lot, live it up and have fun, and I've actually never done this with someone so soon after meeting them. I've never come between a husband and wife before, and it's turning me the fuck on that you want me like this."

She kissed Mark longer, moaning for a second as their lips parted. With a wink to them both, Joanna turned and kissed Karen, pausing to suck on her lip.

"I've been horny as hell all day after Amy called to say what you were all doing," Joanna whispered, giving them both brief kisses on the lips. "The way she talked about you, and how our boyfriends could be your new best friends, I couldn't wait to meet you and feel both of you inside of me, to taste you, and so suck and fuck every part of you two I could reach."

The sound of Karen's breath wavered, and she reached for the back of Joanna's head. She pulled the young woman to her, moaning as their lips met, their mouths opening as they kissed. Mark cursed quietly, pulling away and lifting his phone. He pressed on the screen to record the women's embrace, smiling at them when they pulled away a few moments later, and both of them were smiling at him.

"Sorry, I got your face in that shot," Mark whispered, lowering his phone. "I couldn't not record that moment between you two, that was the most sexy and erotic thing I think I've ever seen. Holy shit Joanna, please don't tell me to delete it."
