 I got up and went into the kitchen to pour us all a glass of Jack Daniels. Nick moved to sit on the settee. 

"Are you two coming join me?" He asked as he patted the seat next to him. Both Tony and Lynne moved across to sit on the settee, with Lynne seated between the two men. 

"Oh three wise monkeys....." I smiled as I returned with the drinks. I passed the glasses out and then grabbed one of the large cushions and sat on it in front of Tony. 

"That was all very nice," Nick said looking at me, "What have you got planned next?"

"Me I've got nothing planned," I replied innocently as I stroked Lynne's leg. My hand, gradually, moving up her inner thigh. She sighed slightly. "But I have just thought of something I said I'd show you."

"Oh and what might that be?" He asked watching as Lynne parted her legs slightly. 

I looked at Lynne she had her eyes closed and was biting her bottom lip. I knelt up and caressed her neck, as I know how it drives her wild. I then ran my hands lightly over the swell of her breasts. I removed each breast from her bra and ran circles around them, gradually working my fingers closer to her nipples. At my touch, her nipples stiffened. I then ran my hands down her sides to the top of her thong, which I started to ease down over her hips. She raised her bum off the settee to enable me to remove it. Again, I stroked the inside of her thighs, her legs parted further.

"Tony, could you go and find it?" I asked smiling at him. He smiled back as the penny dropped. He nodded and went off upstairs. I gently stroked Lynne's pussy lips with my finger.

"Did you know that a bit of cocaine put on the clit drives a woman wild?"

Lynne's eyes snapped open.

"And how would you know that?" She asked.

"Someone told me, but you can get the same effect from toothpaste," I replied as I my fingers sought her clit. 

She sighed as I found it and closed her eyes. I took a sip of my drink and fished out an ice cube. I popped it into my mouth, and then as Tony returned, I ran my cold tongue along her pussy, tasting her. She tasted so much different to me. Tony sat on the floor behind me; I could feel his hard prick against my back. I sucked her pussy lips and then my tongue found her clit. I flicked my tongue over it, she sighed. As I continued to lick her clit, I felt it harden. Tony then handed me the toy.

"I said I'd show you how good this was," I said as I switched it on. Lynne opened her eyes to see what it was buzzing. Now the toy in question is a double bullet vibrator with eight speeds. I had switched the first bullet onto level two and held gently it against Nick's balls. He sighed and his semi erect prick responded to the vibration. I slowly moved it towards to area between his balls and anus again his prick twitched. Then back over his balls and along the full length of his now fully erect prick.

Lynne took the bullet from me and repeated the same action. This time Nick moaned slightly. I turned the other bullet on also to the second level and ran it up the inside of her thighs. She shivered slightly as I then ran it along the length of her pussy lips. I took it away from her, as I did so she moaned and used the one she had on herself, again closing her eyes. I ran mine over Tony's balls and towards his anus and then along the full length of his prick. Lynne stroked and caressed her pussy and clit with the bullet. As she held it against her clit, I increased the speed by one notch. 

"Oh fuck that's good," she moaned.

I took the bullet I held and slipped it between her lips. Slowly I moved it towards her pussy. I then slipped it into her wet pussy, again she moaned. I increased the speed of both bullets. The one she held to level four. The one in her pussy to level six. 

"It's a good thing you weren't sat on settee," she whispered huskily as she opened her eyes.

"Why?" I asked.

"Because....you are evil." She replied. I smiled up at her and increased the speed yet again. Her response was to moan loudly.

"Now all you need is a lovely hard prick to fuck you." With this, I looked at Nick.

He knelt in front of Lynne as I moved aside. He pulled her ass to the edge of the settee and slowly slipped his prick into her hot pussy. He groaned as he felt her warmth and the vibrating bullet still inside her. She too moaned as his hard prick filled her.

Slowly he withdrew his full length, before sliding his prick back into her. Long and slow strokes, both of them moaning with the sensation of prick pussy and vibrating bullet. I looked at Tony he grinned back at me and pulled out from behind his back the egg vibrator. He turned it on and ran it along the length of my pussy and over my clit. He then eased it into my pussy and turned it up further.

"Now I want you to kneel." He said. I did as requested. "Now turn and lean over settee."

As I did, he guided his prick into my hot wet pussy, sighing as his prick met with the egg. He withdrew slowly and thrust into me hard. He rested his hands on my shoulders and he continued the fuck me. His deep hard thrusts met by my pushing back against him.

Nick had lifted Lynne's legs to rest upon his shoulders and was thrusting deep into her. I watched her face as Tony continued to thrust into me. Her eyes were closed and she was again biting her bottom lip, but could not prevent the moans of pleasure escaping from her lips. Nick stepped up the pace and thrust more quickly.

"Oh yes yes'" Lynne screamed as she started to come.

"Oh fuck," Nick exclaimed as he came at the same time, shooting his load deep into her pussy. He slowly withdrew and sat on the floor, resting his head on her now lowered legs. Lynne removed the bullet but continued stroking it across her pussy.

"Good?" I questioned, 

"I think I'll have to get me one of these." Lynne replied.

"Oh yes very," Nick replied as he knelt next to me. I kissed him deeply on the lips as I took his prick in my hand. I moved round so that I could take his now sensitive prick in my mouth. I gently kissed and sucked it, tasting both him and Lynne. As I continued to lick his prick, he played with my clit. Tony leant down over me and whispered.

"It's your ass next girl."

A surge of excitement ran through my body. The combination of his words and his fucking me, Nick stroking my clit and me having Nick's prick in my mouth bought me to an orgasm at the same time that Tony pumped me full of his cum. 

"Wow," he sighed as he flopped back onto the floor, leaning against a chair.

"Wow indeed." I confirmed as I flopped back next to him. I kissed him deeply.

We sat on the floor with our drinks. Lynne's mobile rang.

"Ok." Was all she said, and then turning to us continued, "That's Mark; he's coming to pick me up."

"Oh that's a shame." Nick voiced for all of us.

Both Lynne and I got dressed. We were just finishing our drinks when the doorbell rang.

"Bye." We both said and then I added. "Have you got your keys?"

She laughed and nodded. I closed the door as Mark drove off and went back into the front room.

"Well I guess that's the party over then." I sighed.

"No chance." Tony said, "Remember what I told you about 10 minutes ago?"

A shiver of excitement ran through me again as I remembered his words. He still sat on the floor leaning against the chair. He was rubbing his erect prick. Nick seated on the settee; he too was stroking his prick.

"Come here now," he ordered as he lay back on the floor, holding his erect prick in his hand. "Sit on this."

I straddled his body and knelt just above his prick. I lowered myself slowly onto his prick. He put his hand behind my head and pulled me towards him. He kissed me deeply, I responded to his kiss. Nick had moved off the settee and sat on the floor next to us. He produced a tube of lubricating gel, from where Tony had previously sat. He squeezed a little onto his finger and rubbed it over the head of his prick. He then squeezed a little more which he rubbed around my anus, his finger gently probing my tight ass. I moaned as he inserted his finger and then withdrew it again. 

He then squatted behind my and guided his prick to my hole. Slowly he pushed his prick into my ass. He groaned as my muscles contracted with each push holding his prick firmly. He began to fuck my ass with long slow strokes. With each push in, I moaned as I could feel both pricks fully in me. With the tightness of my ass and Nicks already, sensitive prick is was not long before he was nearing another orgasm. Tony was writhing under me, trying to bring me off at the same time as Nick.

My orgasm followed shortly after Nick had come in my ass. He pulled out and sat back on the floor. As he did so, Tony pushed me upright.

"Get up and kneel there." He ordered. As I did, he stood in front of me and continued to wank off. His breathing changed and I knew he was about to come, so I opened my mouth. He shot his load all over my face and hair, some of it going into my mouth. I licked my lips.

"Now its time for bed," I said as I stood up. I held my hands out to both Tony and Nick and helped then to their feet. "Are you both staying?"