 Saturday morning, Tanya woke up first. She felt exhausted but exhilarated. Her students had finally enjoyed the session and she felt less guilty about the first time. Also, as she saw her brother cuddling with Priya, hope spread through her mind as it hadn't for the last 4years. Maybe Tanmay will finally find his mate in Priya, get off the Highway to Hell, and fix his life.

She needed tea. Still naked, she went to the kitchen and put the kettle on. As she inspected the marks on her body, she promised silently to pay back the men in their own coin. Jimmy was the tough nut; his rather cloistered upbringing had limited his ability to take a spanking and enjoy it.

But she would most enjoy spanking her brother. She was always a half-way Mom for him and he had grown up spanked by her. However the last few years the only time she saw him was when she had to go to the police station to get him bailed. He would disappear right after. Tarpan and Arpan, her cousins and co-founders in Tanmay's startup, supported him financially but they didn't have any clout over their elder cousin. And Gargi, Tarpan's wife and the fourth founder, was too much of a pacifist. Tanya liked her alright, but she was too cold for her taste. Gargi would strip and take a spanking or sleep with her mother-in-law (Seema) or Swati or even Tanya, but Tanya felt it somehow lacked passion. Her childhood had left its mark deep.

Caught up in her thoughts, she was startled when her brother slapped her in the rump. "The kettle's overflowing genie-ass."

"Keep you dirty hands off me, perv!" she replied in sisterly banter. She got the kettle. There would be enough water for two cups. The two stood in the kitchen seeping their cups of steaming tea, he openly admiring her. He had been seeing her naked since ever, but he never tired of it. He knew she was her sister, and never felt any inappropriate lust, but he enjoyed seeing her. She enjoyed it too. He was her first admirer, long before she grew her breasts and learned to appreciate her own body.

"What do you think of Priya?"

"That homewrecker bitch fucked my husband and now is going to take my brother away," she mocked.

"She's not going anywhere. You ensnared her, evil dayaan!(witch)" Tanmay accused Tanya.

Tanya had enjoyed the attention that Priya endowed on her. The girl had on her first attempt expertly triggered her.

"Yeah yeah you will have to fight it out with me for her mouth and cunt, little brother," she teased him.

Speaking of the devil, they saw Priya step out. She had wrapped a shawl around her in order to hide her nakedness and left uneasy confronting the nude brother and sister. In any case she shuddered as Tanya looked at her intensely, inspecting her.

"What do you want Priya? You cheated with my husband. Then you are ensnaring my brother. And you did oral on me. What's your motive?"

Priya was dumbstruck. She opened and closed her mouth like a fish with no good answer. Tanya and Tanmay on other hand was struggling to control their giggles. Jimmy broke the magical moment."Stop tormenting the poor girl Tanya! My wife's just messing with your head Priya." 

Priya felt embarrassed that she had fallen for the trap. She felt idiotic. "Tanya di, please. You scared me." and to break the ice she kissed her. The ice did break as Tanmay and Jimmy started kissing their own mates and fondling them. Their loud sexcapades woke up the two college students. 

"It's still early in the morning, and you oldies already started. Get some sleep, will ya?" Sucheta and Bishnu chimed. They had got back into their Tees and jeans. 

After the two students left (they had assignments to do, duh!) the oldies got around to lounge leisurely. Tanya and Jimmy fixed a quick lunch for the guests. As they were finishing lunch, Tanya told, "Tanmay, you have been very naughty the last few years. I want you across my knees today evening. I am going to paddle your ass." Priya took courage from her and told Jimmy, "and you will lay down on mine. You are cheating on your wife with me, shameless!" To Tanya's surprise, Jimmy didn't argue like he usually does. 

That evening the two men lay down on the women's lap as they sat facing each other. SWAT SWAT SWAT... The two women paddled hard and fast with a wooden hairbrush and a wooden spatula respectively. They thoroughly spanked every inch of the bottoms right from the top of their hips down to the upper thighs. Tanmay was getting spanked after a long time and regretting forgetting how hard his sister spanked. Jimmy too was learning his colleague didn't spank easier than his wife. When the women turned their attention to the soft inner thighs, the moans and groans turned to complaints and finally the two grown men lay crying, sobbing like kids. The men then went to their own lovers and cried sitting on their laps as they soothed them. But their punishment wasn't over yet. They were placed bent across two stools, side by side. The women, still nude, stood in front of them and told them to lick and suck them. And the men received lashings from the belt to spur them on. It only stopped after the women had cum thrice and the carpet was wet with their juices. But the men too were horny with the experience and showered the women with their jizz as soon as they got up. And the two women licked the cum off each other's face, neck and breasts, finally getting into a spit swap. The two women mashed their bodies together while their beaus whipped their backs with their belts, making them mash into each other even more. 

Then Priya was triple penetrated. Jimmy was in her mouth, Tanmay fucked her cunt and Tanya inserted her plastic strap-on into her ass. Priya was fucked well and royally by the three gasping for air when the men shot their jizz and finally let her off. Tanya sucked on her cunt, tasting her brother's cum mixed with Priya's juices, which she then proceeded to share with Priya. Meanwhile Priya had held Jimmy's jizz in her mouth and the two women shared their mouth loads. 

Then it was Tanya's turn to suck on her husband while Priya stimulated her orally. Priya sucked on her clit, clamping her lips on it like a vice, while Tanmay fingered her. Just as Tanmay inserted his fingers into Priya one by one jilling her, she did the same to Tanya. Soon three fingers were in to their hilt, juices easing their movement. Finally the entire fist was inside, pushing like a piston, so fast that it was a blur. Sure the women would be sore for days, but at that moment they didn't care. Tanya fainted as waves upon tsunami waves of orgasm enveloped her. Tanya gasped like a fish out of water as she regained consciousness. She had enjoyed one of her best orgasms inspite of her long and varied sex life. 

Note. Sex between brother and sister was explicitly avoided, so there is no incest.