 Dana looked at me with a strange twinkle in her eye, one that I knew was in part due to the alcohol we'd been drinking, and I knew she was serious. The fact that she was drunk wasn't really a problem for me; I was pretty lit as well. That she might not really want to do it, that was something I was concerned about. She smiled, her face lighting up, and in that moment, she was all I saw. I couldn't see the people around us or hear their voices. I didn't hear the radio playing in the background. I saw her eyes and her smile and thought, I can't say no, not to her, not looking at her right now.

Was she beautiful? Oh, yes. She was about five-six, with an athletic body shape, slightly wide hips and breasts a little smaller than average. She had long brown hair and blue eyes that jumped out at you. And she was one of the nicest people I have ever met. And, although I felt it was wrong to take advantage of her at this point, I couldn't stop myself. 

When she smiled, I couldn't stop myself from smiling back.

"So," she whispered. "Do you want to?"

"Are you serious?"

She nodded and smiled again, this time blushing and dropping her eyes for a moment, then raising them to meet mine again. My own smile widened just seeing it, and I dropped my head in imitation, without even thinking about it. When she raised her head again, her cheeks were still red, but she kept eye contact and I thought, Yes, she's serious.

"Okay," I whispered to her, nodding.

She smiled again, and this time, I lowered my head, blushing. By the time I had raised my head again, she was leaning closer, her head tilting to kiss me. I met her lips with mine, kissing softly at first. It wasn't what she had in mind, though. She pressed hers as tightly against mine as she could and drove her tongue between them and into my mouth only a second or two after they met. Instinctively, I raised my hands to her sides and gripped her tightly there, feeling how firm her stomach was for the first time. 

She worked out fairly often, and I could feel the tightness in her body as my fingers moved over her. Her hands followed suit, each finding my ribs on their respective sides, fingertips squeezing. I kissed her back, trying to meet her level of aggression. My tongue slipped into her mouth, and we twined the two together, taking turns sucking on them.

When we pulled apart, I raised my hands to her face and cupped her cheeks, pressing my lips to hers once more before moving my right hand out of the way and kissing her lightly beneath the chin. I was working my way to her neck then, kissing lightly across the skin, barely feeling the contact. When I reached her neck, I snaked my tongue out and ran it from her collarbone to her ear lobe, then back down again, then traced the action with my lips, kissing and sucking the saliva trail that my tongue had left.

Her hands found my belt then, and in a moment, the buckle was undone and her hands were undoing the button. I dropped mine to her sides again, where they remained for only a few seconds before sliding up her body to each cup a breast. 

My zipper was down by then, and one hand reached beneath the waistline of my boxer briefs to wrap around my quickly hardening penis. She stroked it slowly, her free hand gripping my shirt in a bunch and pulling at it as she began to lay back. I followed her lead, not letting her skin escape my lips. Once she was on her back, put my weight on my hands and knees, balancing it just above her, leaving just enough room for that hand to keep working my member.

I raised my head to kiss her lips again, driving my tongue deep and having it met immediately by hers. I lowered my weight onto one elbow and put the other hand back to work on her breasts, gripping one tightly, finding the nipple through the fabric of her shirt and bra both, pinching it lightly, then moving it to the other. Her hand's pace sped up a little then, and I decided to give those breasts a little more attention. I reached the hand down, pulled the shirt up above her breasts with it, then raised my weight enough that she could lift herself up for me to pull the shirt over her head.

A moment later, we were kissing again, my and her hands both back to their previous tasks. After a moment, I lowered my hand to work at the button of her jeans. In a few seconds, both the button and the zipper were undone. 

I looked up, shifting my glance around the room at the others. 

The party had been long and fast paced, and most of them were totally out of it, either drunk and passed out or too wasted to know what was going on around them. A few were still with it, late arrivals like I had been. They watched us carefully, eyes locked on our forms.

I reached behind her and unhooked her bra, pulling it loose and tossing it to the side, intentionally hitting one of our spectators with it. When he picked it up and looked at me, I winked, letting him know that watching was cool. That was what she wanted, after all, to be watched. 

She pulled at my shirt, and I raised my arms over my head to make removing it easier for her. She tossed it mindlessly, then reached up to me and pulled me back on top of her again, her breasts pressing into my chest. I kissed her long and hard, our tongues wrapping around one another's again, then found her breast with my hand and started to squeeze and pinch it again as I returned my lips to her neck and shoulders. Her hand was working over time, stroking my penis with a speed that was a little too rough to be comfortable. I could tolerate it, though, for the moment.

I lowered my head to her breasts and started to run my tongue up and down between them before taking turns sucking and lapping at her nipples. They were already alert, pointing upward at the ceiling at perfect attention. After a moment, of this, she reached up to my hair and pulled at it lightly, causing me to raise my head and look to her.

"Are they watching?" She whispered.

I nodded.

She let go of my hair and smiled.

I leaned back then, reaching beneath her hips and pulling at the waist of her pants and drawing the jeans off of her hips and halfway down her thighs in one good pull. She used both hands to help me pull them off, pushing up at the waist of them while I pulled at them from the ankles. In a few moments, they were laying on the floor next to Delilah, who lay passed out, looking less asleep than dead with her face pale and her mouth open.

I went back to kissing Dana's chest again, then really working at the nipples, sucking them into my mouth as hard as I could and rubbing my tongue against them. She let me do this for a few seconds, then took hold of my neck and pulled me up until I was face to face with her. I opened my mouth to question her, but her hands were already pushing down at the waist of my own pants. I quickly pushed them down to my knees, then sat down and pulled them off. I tossed them aside, watching them land on Dana's jeans, the leg actually slapping Delilah in the chest as they hit. Delilah didn't so much as twitch.

I sat still for a moment, watching Delilah with sudden concern. She'd been sleeping there for almost two hours and nobody'd gone over to check on her, and she was a heavy drinker. The sudden idea that something might be wrong clutched at me, made my heart seem to stop in my chest. I relaxed when I saw her chest rise and fall in a heavy breath. 

I looked over to where Dana had been, but she was right next to me then, gripping my shoulders with her hands and throwing one leg across my lap, straddling me. I looked up to her and smiled. She pressed her mouth against mine and started driving her tongue in again, this time pulling mine into her mouth and sucking on it.

I wrapped my hands around her waist and pulled her body forward, grinding her privates against mine through the thin fabric of our underwear. I could feel the dampness sinking through the fabric of her panties as it sank in turn through the fabric of my boxer briefs. She caught on to my intentions and voluntarily started to grind against me.

I broke our lips apart long enough to let out a long pent-up groan, then raised my left hand to her head and pulled her lips back to mine again, my right hand pressed against the carpet to help balance my weight as I ground my privates upward toward hers. She gasped as the tip of my penis poked at her vagina through the combined restraints of our underwear and pressed her weight down harder, as if we could fuck each other through the fabric. I let my weight rest on the floor again, leaving her to do all the grinding for a moment, and dropped my hands to the waistband of her panties, pulling at them.

She wrapped her arms around my head and held my head in place, kissing me harder as she ground harder against me. I tried to pull the panties down, but given how tightly we were pressed together, I couldn't get them past the arch of her butt.

She kept grinding as though unaware of what I was trying to do.

I gripped her hips, trying to still her. She fought me for a few seconds, then pulled her head back a little and looked to me in question. I pulled at her underwear again, hoping to get the point across that way.

"No," she said, shaking her head quickly, "Not yet. The condoms are in my purse."

"Where's your purse?"

"The bedroom," she responded. I glanced in the direction of the bedroom, then glanced around the room again. There were still about eight people passed out here and there, but the rest were all awake and watching, six of them, none moving, as though if they did, we would see them and lose interest in what we were doing. Instead of insisting further, I got another idea.

I wrapped my arms around her waist and rolled her onto her back again, then managing to get her underwear down without effort.

She looked at me, surprised and a little defiant, as it must have appeared I was going to try to fuck her anyway. I paused, the underwear at her knees, and flipped my tongue at her, wiggling the tip a little. She relaxed, realizing what I intended to do, then smiled and nodded. I pulled them over her ankles and tossed them aside, hitting Belinda square in the nose with them. The girl pulled them from her face and opened her mouth to protest, but stopped short when she saw Dana smiling at her, her cheeks becoming flush. Belinda smiled back, blushing as well, and the irritation was abated that easily. I realized later that was where contact had been made, that was where it had gone from the two of us being spied on to us being watched because we wanted to be watched.

I didn't ponder the thought then, though. I just pushed Dana's legs apart and buried my face between them, driving my tongue as deep into her vagina as I could get it and darting it in and out. She gasped at first, then moaned lightly and gripped the back of my head, holding it in place. I licked for all I was worth, dipping my tongue in and out, curling the tip of it as I withdrew it an attempt to explore as much as her vagina as I could with my tongue. Now and again, I would run my tongue up toward her clit and lick lap at it a few times through the hood before returning to her vagina again. I rounded the lips, kissed her thighs, and probed her repeatedly.

After a few minutes, I had her breathing fast and heavy, broken here and there by a whimper or a moan, or by silence, her breath catching in her throat or lungs. I started on her clit then, which had swelled and pressed its way from behind its hood and was out in the open. When I first touched it, she drew in a hitching breath, then whimpered loudly and dug her fingers into the back of my head. I kept at it, licking slowly at first, then taking a quick dip into her vagina and going back to licking again. After about half a minute, I abandoned her vagina altogether and went at her clit full blast, flicking my tongue against it with all the speed I could get behind it, sucking it into my mouth for a few seconds at a time and holding it between my lips while my tongue worked it from inside.

After a few minutes of intense work, I lifted my head and glanced around at the others, who sat with their eyelids peeled back and their attentions focused solely on us. Even Delilah, who'd been in a near coma a few minutes ago, was sitting up and looking at us with a distant interest (which, in her state, was more than I could have guessed her capable of), her eyes looking dreamy but locked on us, nonetheless. They had moved closer as well, and were creating a horseshoe around us, a crowd of twelve, half of them close enough to reach out and touch us without difficulty. I only had a moment to see all this before Dana's hand found the back of my head again and pushed my mouth back between her thighs again. This time, she folded her legs behind it to keep me from pulling away again.

I wasn't complaining. I just went back to work, licking her clit from outside and inside my mouth alike and working her into frenzy in only a few minutes time. She began bucking her hips upward and grinding her privates against my lips and tongue, moaning loudly, then catching her breath and holding it, then moaning again. Her efforts were distracting, and I gripped her hips tightly with my hands in attempt to hold her down, to keep my tongue in proper enough position to finish what I'd started.

After she settled and let her legs rest on the floor again, I raised my head, wiped my lips clean and leaned up to kiss her. She smiled and said, "Okay. Now the condoms."

"C'mon," I said, getting to my knees and reaching down to help her up. "Let's finish this in the bedroom."

She accepted my help, and when we were up, followed me into the room, waving for those that watched us to follow. Some got up immediately, some looked to each other questioningly. I'm not sure who all followed then, but I think all of them found their ways in eventually. 

There were three people in the bedroom, two guys asleep on the floor and Mary, who'd thrown the party, resting comfortably on the right side of the bed. The guys were dressed in their regular clothes, whatever they'd passed out in, but Mary had changed to sleep, or at least undressed. She lay on one side, wearing a pair of white panties and a white T-shirt with a beer logo on the front. For a brief moment, I couldn't pull my eyes away from the girl, especially in my aroused state. I was temporarily mesmerized by the way her underwear gripped her narrow hips and accentuated her butt. The T-shirt clung tightly to her small but perky breasts, making me appreciate exactly how well shaped the girl actually was. Her face was hidden by her shoulder-length black hair, but I knew she was plenty pretty enough for any guy.

Dana went straight to the closet and started rummaging through her purse, which hung in there next to her jacket. She pulled out a three pack, took one from the box, then tossed it on the bed and put the box back in her purse.

She climbed onto the bed, walked halfway to the head on her knees, then turned to face me and dropped onto her hands and knees. Mary bounced lightly as she did this but didn't stir. She crawled back until she was at the foot of the bed, then raised one hand and motioned for me to come closer. I walked over and stopped at the foot. She smiled up at me and reached into my boxer briefs again, wrapping her fingers around my shaft and stroking it slowly. I reacted immediately, beginning to harden the second her fingers touched. After only a few strokes, she pulled my underwear down to about mid-thigh, held my half-erect penis in one hand and licked the tip a few times before pulling her hand away and sucking the head into her mouth.

I closed my eyes, feeling them rolling around behind the lids, and rocked my head back. She sucked just the head and stroked the shaft slowly, using her hand not just to stroke but to hold my penis in place as it hardened, keeping it so it pointed forward instead of upward. 

I was breathing hard already, more inspired by what she would or might do than what she was doing. I looked down at her. She must have taken that as a sign to go further; she removed her hand and pushed her lips down the shaft until they met with pubic hair, sucking harder as she pulled her lips back to meet the head again. She sucked the head for a moment, then started to bob her head slowly up and down the shaft, tightening her lips as they reached the base and sucking harder as she pulled her head away.

I watched her for a few seconds, then let my head roll back on my shoulders, trying to break my attention from what she was doing, afraid that if I didn't, I would come right then and there, just looking down at her bright blue eyes shining back up at me as she sucked. After I felt I'd accomplished this, at least to some degree, I looked back down at her. 

She pulled her lips away long enough to give me a quick smile and run her hand over the saliva saturated shaft twice, then went back to work, sucking the entire thing down again, making my eyes want to roll back in my head again. She worked it faster this time, driving the tip into her throat and pulling her head back, then repeating the process, moving rapidly enough that her long brown hair bounced repeatedly off her shoulders and back.

She sucked like that for almost half a minute, before burying it deep in her throat for a moment, holding it there, then sucking harder still as she pulled her head away and let it pop from between her lips, making a smacking sound as it did. She took a few quick breaths, then took it all the way down again, sucking deeply as she pulled away, then leaned back, looking up at me with her lips about an inch from the tip of my penis, smiling and breathing quickly.

"Let me know before you come," she said.

I nodded in return, breathing too heavily to respond with words.

She tossed her legs over the edge of the bed, perching herself on her butt there, and took the head in her mouth again, sucking just on it again, stroking the shaft with one free hand, then reached behind me and gripped on buttock with each hand and started to pump her lips up and down my shaft again.

The room was quiet except for the slurping sounds she made, darting her tongue beneath the head to repeatedly touch that sensitive spot there. I groaned then, unable to hold it in any more, and when I did, I heard a gasp from beside me. I glanced over, seeing the others standing just outside the doorway, their heads poking in. All except for Delilah, whose face still looked pasty as ever, but who had obviously made the sound. She stood in front of the others, leaning against the frame of the door. Her cut-off jean shorts were unbuttoned and unzipped and her hand had disappeared into the pink fabric of the panties beneath. I could see the bulge her hand made, and noticed the wiggling in the crotch of her shorts as her fingers went to work there. Her breathing was slightly heavier than normal as well, though not to the extent that mine had become. I watched her for a few seconds, seeing her entire body swaying slightly from her efforts beneath her short, her stringy blonde hair seeming to float on top of the blue fabric of her shirt.

I smiled to her; she smiled back, blushing slightly, a touch of color that I didn't think her face could have managed then. I looked back down to Dana, who made eye contact for a second, then gripped my buttocks tighter and really started to drive her head down, her pace so fast then that her hair no longer swayed against her back but bounced off of it in a way that made it seem violent. I let my head roll back again, groaned, and closed my eyes.

my breathing was fighting me, speeding until it seemed I couldn't keep up with it. It hitched in my throat at I tried to inhale, then seemed to cling to the inside of my lungs as I tried to exhale. I drew in one deep breath, held it as the sensation of my oncoming climax began to build inside of me, then let it out in one long gust that ended with a long groan. I opened my eyes and looked down at her again. Her eyes were pointed forward, as if she found something about my stomach naval intensely interesting. Her hands had found their way to my hips and were gripping almost tightly enough to draw blood, but I didn't notice, could hardly feel it in fact. My attention was fully taken by the warmth of her mouth repeatedly overtaking the shaft of my penis, her tongue managing to slide beneath the head like the bow of a violin, constantly rubbing against the sensitive spot, making what she was doing impossible to ignore.
