 We were sitting under a brightly striped umbrella outside the coffee shop The coffee was delicious with loads of whipped cream on the top. There was a yummy looking Indian guy sitting alone at the adjacent table and Tara was giving him the eye. She likes a cigarette with coffee and despite my pleading, continues to do it. I think she was pretending her lighter was not working. This gorgeous guy leapt up and offered her a light. The little vixen flashed him her sexiest smile and thanked him sweetly while holding on to his hand just a little longer than was necessary.

I was smiling. I know my daughter.

She suggested that, as he was alone, he might like to join us. He almost fell over himself in his hurry to take a seat. He put out his hand. "Let me introduce myself. My name is Ari."

"Pleased to meet you. I am Tara and this is my Mum, Elizabeth."

His eyes came out on stalks. He couldn't believe she was flirting in front of her mother.

We chatted for a while and he offered to buy us a drink. Tara opted for a white wine, I ordered a sherry and Ari had a beer. Now the ice was broken, we were able to talk more comfortably.

He is a businessman who visits this country quite often but finds the evenings very lonely without any social contacts. Tara gave him another sexy smile. "What a shame. Perhaps we could help you out."

His enthusiasm burst out in a sweat. "You are very kind."

I knew exactly what was coming. Tara excused herself and wandered off to the Ladies, returning shortly afterwards with her breasts obviously hanging freely inside her blouse with more buttons undone. Poor man. I felt sorry for him. And to make matters worse, she took out another smoke and he had to bend over her to light it. He got a complete eyeful.

Not to be outdone I also excused myself and allowed him to see what I had on offer. He couldn't believe his luck. I could see the bulge in his trousers.

Now comes the clincher. Tara dropped her serviette and had to bend over to pick it up. Ari tried to help and got the full eyeful. A completely naked butt almost in his face. He was totally beside himself, and almost knocked his glass over.

I leaned over to help him and gave him a look at my swinging breasts. He didn't know where to look and blushed like a little girl.

He was so flustered, but managed to pull himself together. Tara asked, "Would you perhaps like to come home with us for a snack? We would rustle you up something with no trouble."

"That is very kind of you, but I don't have transport and don't want to be a nuisance. Why don't you both come back to the hotel with me? It is only around the corner. I could order something in and save you the bother."

She looked at me and nodded. "You are very generous. We would enjoy that, wouldn't we Mum?"

"That sounds like a good idea. Then you wouldn't have to eat alone."

Arm in arm we walked the two blocks to the hotel. It was very posh. Ari collected his key and we took the lift to his suite. Wow. Nothing mean about this place.

We settled down and Ari suggested we have a few drinks and perhaps some sandwiches. He assured us they would be delicious. No problem.

While we waited we were able to take a look round. There was everything we could want for the rest of the evening.

He was very attentive and leaned over protectively while he poured our drinks and offered the large plate of sandwiches. Tara stroked his hand and he reacted with the bulge in his trousers pulling the fabric very tight.

I left the first move to her. She is better at starting things than I am. She suggested he join her on the couch, making sure her skirt pulled right up to her thighs. Ari didn't know what to do. How was he to feel her up in front of me? 

She let him struggle for a while before taking his hand and laying ii on her knee. I thought his zip would tear apart. 

He was still embarrassed by my presence, but I refused to budge. I wanted to see what he would do. 

Eventually he couldn't stand the strain any longer and moved his hand up her thigh. She giggled and dropped a kiss on his cheek. He was in an awkward position. He could hardly screw her in front of me. So she casually took off her top, allowing him the complete view of her lovely big breasts. His tongue hung out and he immediately took one of them in his hand and squeezed. She moaned and he was encouraged to take her firm nipple into his mouth. 

She reached down and unzipped him, pulling his trousers down to his knees. A positively huge cock sprung out and she rubbed it gently. Now it was his turn to moan.

She pushed him down on to the couch with his legs over the arm so she had full access to his genitals. He whimpered at having his dummy removed. But she soon leaned over and put it back into his mouth while she caressed his cock and pulled on it.

She was not happy with her position so mounted him in the 69 position and proceeded to take his cock into her mouth. He gasped and must have taken quite a bite at her as she jumped.

From here on it was a pulling and pushing and moaning and clutching, until she turned again and mounted his upstanding cock. They both gasped with the pleasure of it and she rode him like a maniac, while he groped her breasts. She leaned right back and he took the opportunity to rub her clit. This was too much for Tara and she gave a yell and pounded down on him till I could see the spasms riding her. He had cum at almost the same moment and lay there breathing heavily while she continued to move up and down for a while.

She dropped down on to his chest and panted till she got her breath back. Then kissed him on the nose and dismounted.

It was now my turn.

He was still lying with his legs apart and a dazed look on his face. I took my top off and rolled his limp cock between my breasts. It wasn't quite dead. The juices from the previous coupling smeared all over me and I offered him a breast to suckle. He grabbed it eagerly and appeared to enjoy the taste. I played with his cock and squeezed his balls. There was already reaction. 

I took my breast away from him and rubbed my hard nipple over his cock. I was already wet with anticipation. He gurgled and grabbed my butt, pushing his fingers into my waiting pussy. From here on there was no stopping him. He wriggled one finger and then two until he had three fingers inside me and his pinkie massaging my rosebud. His cock rose magnificently and I had to taste him. He was a real mouthful and I nibbled and sucked to my heart's content until I felt he needed something more. 

I got him to move while I lay under him. The heat of his body was wonderful and the hairs on his chest teased my nipples. He rubbed himself over my whole slit and paid special attention to my extended clit. Now it was my turn to groan. He knew his way around and made a point of rubbing that glistening knob over the thousands of sensitive nerve ends in my rosebud. Would he enter into my pussy or my anus? Either would suit me. I think he wasn't sure so I rolled over allowing him to take me from behind. He realized what I wanted and gently pushed against my muscles with his wet cock until he was able to push in. I was in heaven and thrashed and moaned as he pushed further and further in. I thought I would split apart, but the pleasure overwhelmed any feelings of pain. Then he pounded into me while I rose to meet every thrust. The screaming voice I heard reverberating in my head was mine as my desire rose to incredible heights until I felt him explode deep inside me. I joined him as spasm after spasm rocked my whole body.

I opened my eyes and saw Tara rubbing herself at the excitement of our mating. 

I hoped he would never slip out and clenched my muscles tightly round his slowly shrinking cock. He must have known, because he took it out and inserted two fingers. I spasmed again and vaguely heard Tara whimpering. Tuff, kid, you have had your turn.

At last I was temporarily satisfied and allowed him to leave me.

We all crowded into the shower and it looked as if the whole process would begin again, but I insisted we get dressed and leave, promising to meet him again at the same time and place the next day.

It had been a fortuitous encounter and we were keen to repeat it.