 Thanks for everyone's feedback for the first chapter: more comments please! I especially would like to hear from the girl who has twice sent me with a request for the next chapter. I won't mention your name but I can't reply to your email so can you send another message/address? If I don't reply to any of you it probably means I haven't got the right address.

Anyway... 

Chapter 02: Tanya versus Four Studs

After Tanya's impressive display caused all the boys to shoot their loads the fuck-fest began. We pick up the story after Tanya had worn down some unimpressive boys that were basically cannon fodder. Now a gang of studs that were well known for their sexual stamina decided to teach this upstart slut a lesson...

Mark and his stud mates crowded round the awesome figure of Tanya. 

"You've had your fun you slut. Now We'll teach ya a lesson." said Mark. 

All four men were hung like horses and at least twelve inches long. These boys were used to big titted blondes. In fact they specialised in them. Jake and Mark regularly picked up four or five each weekend from a club. They would then compete against each other to see who could cum the most. The gang had a reputation for screwing long and hard. Women found this combination irresistible. Otherwise faithful girlfriends simply abandoned their men and go off with Mark or his mates for a lengthy night of backbreaking sex. Only that Friday Jake had seduced an eighteen year old tart on the dance floor. When her boyfriend came back to the flat and found Jake's cum dripping off his beloved's lips he had gone mental. As he had to do so often, Jake had floored the irate lover with a single punch. He spent the rest of the night pounding the little girl's pussy in every position imaginable. Six hours later he left her exhausted and covered in his juices. She had blacked out after an intense last session. Jake finished off by emptying his final load over her ample chest.

But Tanya was in a different league to high school tarts and office sluts. She lived for sex and ate men like Jake and Mark for breakfast. 

"Come on boys. Let's see what you've got for me." 

All four presented their rock hard dicks. As Tanya ran her hands up and down the shafts she started to work each of them with her highly trained fingers. 

"Hmmm impressive... You may just put up a good fight." 

She said eyeing up Mark. Tanya wrapped a hand round the Alpha male's massive throbbing muscle. Her fingers didn't meet. 

"Ohh yeah I've been waiting for a real challenge. I've not had a good fuck in a long time." 

Two of the gang Dave and James couldn't wait any longer they went straight for Tanya's ass and pussy.

"Not so fast honey". Tanya said as she dextrously manoeuvred out of their way. "I don't think you can handle this hot pussy. If you outlast your mates then I'll let you have a shot at the prize, but I warn you I don't fuck losers."

"You can't wank us off. I've had eight girls try one after another. You won't even be able to grip a cock this wide." Dave said. 

"I've handled bigger and neither of you will even last ten minutes." Tanya replied seductively "I've jerked hundreds of big bad boys off and I know what I'm doing."

Grasping a meat pole in each hand Tanya proceeded to jerk both Studs to oblivion. The mens' cocks were slick and already coated in the juices of some defeated sluts But Dave and James had managed to hold back their loads in the previous round and this would be their undoing. 

Jake pulled up a chair behind Tanya. He grabbed her tight firm buttocks and thrust himself against her body. 

Her tanned round butt was so small he could squeezed both cheeks in his big hands. Her arse was incredibly toned. He dug in with all his strength but her butt was as solid as his cock. Tanya worked hard on her arse and when she tensed her body not an ounce of fat could be found there. One long session in the gym had ended with another after she had been desperate to try out her beautiful backside on a couple of the guys. Now Jake was about experience the same thing. 

Tanya leant forward and dipped her back in so the buttocks pushed up and out. Jake's eyes went wild as his gaze traced along the arch in her back to the smooth round arse. He was overtaken by an animal urge and ripped her black mini skirt of in one go. Tanya gave an orgasmic cry. 

"I like it rough baby. Go on stick that pulsating piece of meat in and give it you best shot. This won't take long."

He threw her onto his mighty glowing rod. This would usually be enough to make his women scream and cum. Jake was shocked that Tanya took his whole length without anymore than a sigh. He began to pound away. Her body was bouncing up and down with each of his massive strokes. From the front Mark stared as her breasts rhythmically jangled but at the same time stayed pert, erect nipples pointing slightly up. His heart beat faster and he salivated. He was unconsciously working his shaft with both hands. Tanya saw his plight.

"Come on boys I want to do you all at once." 

She gestured Mark to join his mates in their fate. Almost in a trance Mark moved towards the super-slut. He moved his cock to her beautiful mouth. He wanted to feel the pleasure of her thick red lips engulf his cock, which was growing every second and strained under its new size.

"Uh uh...not for you big boy. You get special treatment." With that Tanya lifted herself forward and lower his cock into her cleavage. 

Mark's Cock Versus Killer Tits...

The felling was sensational. I'd been titfucked before but her breasts were so close together and so firm they defied gravity. She knew I was the best out of my mates and she realised her only chance to outlast was to titfuck me. As the buxom blonde moved up and down on Jake's long shaft she simultaneously wanked off my best mates in either hand. Dave and James were big boys but Tanya treated their cocks like they were nothing. Soon I could see she had worked them both into a frenzy. James had his eyes in the top of his head and Dave was had a vice like grip on the bottom of his 12 inch shaft. The teasing little bitch would work them both to the point of ejaculation and then stop and talk dirty.

"Come on you two. What's the matter can't hold out for me any longer?"

Meanwhile Jake was furiously pounding at her perfect behind. He was fucking like his life depended on it. He knew if he couldn't bring her down in the next few minutes that tight cunt would drain his dick dry and him with it. Jake was incredibly fit and had the stamina of a god. He pulled on her hips and thrust in with all his strength. 

This was the fuck of his life. Each time he pulled out the full length of his cock and then stuffed it back in. All to no avail, Tanya simply panted under the strain while Jake was dripping wet with his manly sweat. I could see his muscles were tensed to bursting point. The veins on his arms were sticking out massively as his mighty body strained to pumped more blood around and keep him conscious. 

Meanwhile Tanya proceeded to work me over. Each time Jake thrust up and down Tanya's juicy tits slide up and down my thick meat. 

She looked up at me. "That's a huge cock you've got, shame it won't do you any good any more. You'll cum so hard onto these babies you'll probably tear a muscle and it will be useless: Useless to me anyway. So make the most of this titfuck you wont get a second chance." 

Dave and James were ready to give way. Covered in pre-cum their stand had been impressive but couldn't go on. Tanya took both shafts and put them onto her mouth together. Her tongue worked the sensitive heads of both cocks. When the emerged I could see one of them had cum. Thick white juice left an arching trail from Tanya's mouth to the end's of both of the poor bastards' dicks. Tanya rubbed the pink and purple swollen bell-ends against each other. This was too much Jake was the first to go with a massive spurt that shot straight across Tanya onto his mates' pecks. Dave promptly followed with his own fountain of cum. He came in long streaks directly upwards. And so my best mates were finished off in front of my eyes.

Tanya finishes them off...

Both so-called studs were done for. But in a mischievous mood I carried on working those big shafts. I drained those two dry after about ten seconds of furious wanking. That would teach them for saying women don't know how to wank-off a man.

Soon after the prick behind me shuddered. His fucking had been frantic and I was amazed he had lasted so long especially as he had already cum. He had obviously worn himself done on my well tone arse. He pushed his cock in as deep as it would go and thrust he arse upwards. The sensation was divine. I threw back my head and pushed out my tits giving Mark some relief from the ultra titfuck he had been subjected to. Suddenly Jake reached forward and grabbed both my breasts. He squeezed tightly and forced them together again enveloping his best mate's worn out shaft. Jake's cock was still rock hard but he couldn't thrust anymore. I'd outlasted out the Stallion as he was known. The man that had screwed twenty girls in one night had worn himself out on my ass. Now he simply sat there still grasped my tits. I moved my whole body up and down on his wet dick. He groaned under the pressure of my ultra tight pussy.

Time to finish this and move on I thought. I looked up at Mark with seductive eyes. He was concentrating hard and trying not to look at my perfect tits. 

"So how are you holding out?" I looked down at Jake's tight hands attempting to squeeze my breasts. "I see you friend has shot his bolt what's the matter is this titfuck too hot for you baby?"

He could barely manage to grunt. Sweat dripped off his brow and onto my knockers. They were in perfect condition. Free from the constraining shirt I had worn they now bounced up and down as I moved on Jake's tortured penis. Almost perfect spheres they were glistening with sweat and sex. Mark's tool was merely cannon fodder for these babes: a warm up. As I worked him more vigorously juices were squished up from the small gap between my melons. The cum of the studs I had fucked earlier that evening was squeezed out and spilled over my juicy assets. What a turn on, but he still held out. I was beginning to be impressed by this man's display.

I caught his eye. 

"Hey tough guy, bet you don't wanna end up the same way as the grunts that left their spunk behind?" 

With that I moved my head down over the end of his shaft that was poking out from my cleavage. I then wrapped my luscious read pouting lips round the massively expanded bell end. Working around the knob with my tongue I occasionally looked up to see his face. 

He still held out. 

I pumped up my lips and very slowly slide them down his shaft. The skin was strained tightly over the boner he was sporting. Ready to burst I thought. My lips continued their descent over his cock, running over thick veins full of blood that protruded out from the endless pole. I couldn't fit anymore in and had to retract for air.

Wow I jumped back his cock came free from my tits and I sprang back. He was good maybe I'd let him last a bit longer and finish later....Just then the flood gates opened the sight of my breasts oozing his and others' cum and my lips dripping hi pre-cum was enough to tip Mark over the edge. He grabbed his cock with both hands ad gasped for air. His dick sprayed out a long stream of white fluid onto my hot body. I was surprised but took the initiative. I reached down and whipped Jake's still hard cock. He had long since been fucked past the point of no return but in his last moments had grabbed my tits the last reflex action of a desperate stud to remain in the game. 

I jerked his tool, which seemed tiny compared to the massively inflated weapon I had made Mark's into. But as I wanked off the ex-stud his cock still spewed forth huge amounts of juice that landed on after another over my ravishing body. 

"Come on outlast your buddy?" I taunted him. 

Whether Mark heard or not I don't know. Either way he had no control over his cock, which was come so hard the sprayed was being plastered everywhere, ceiling, walls and floor. Even Mark couldn't continue this display and he staggered back flattered and then keeled over. Jake's hose too was exhausted, limp and useless. I dropped his shaft onto the chair with a satisfying thud. 

Looking down I was encircled by the bodies of the four most desired men in town. In twenty minutes they had been reduced to a heap of muscle and cum. 

I looked around There were only a handful left: Lex was taking on the Baker girls single handed, whilst Rocco and Tim were tag teaming on Jo. Jordan was having her own struggle against two other studs Troy and Dale. 

"Who's next?" I said.

Any suggestions for the next part will be warmly received.