 Tanya Supertits, AKA Super-Slut: Part III

Tanya takes on Dale and Troy. While Jason and Timmy challenge Jordan. Who will be the last girl standing?

Thank you to everyone for your comments. Here is the next instalment. Back by popular demand is Jason. This time he faces Tanya's sworn enemy Jordan in a fuck-to-the-death. But how big is his cock? 14, 15 16 inches?!

As always any comments or suggestions are welcome. If you want to here more about Jason or Tanya send me a comment with an address to reply to. 

This goes for everyone but could the girl that has sent me her yahoo email give me another address to try. Maybe hotmail or google would be better? I've never had any trouble with them before. For some reason I can't reply to your requests, as Yahoo doesn't think you exist. Also I suggest typing the address in the text of your message, as auto-reply may not work.

Introducing Jordan

Jordan let the last few inches of her latest conquest slide from her mouth. In a few minutes she had turned an ultra hard rock of a cock into a soft piece of meat. It slid down her chin and over her tits. Cum leaked from the slit as it worked its way down her body like a snake. But this snake was dead and now useless to Jordan, much like its owner, Johnny Boy. With a crashing thump JB collapsed in front of his victor. 

Jordan was Tanya's greatest rival, and Tanya had had many rivals. Jordan was the only slut that even came close. She was eighteen and worked at the local gym. For the two years she had been spoiling for a showdown with Tanya. She wanted payback for what Tanya had done her boyfriend and brother. The insult was doubly hard to bear as Tanya had done both men at the same time...

Jordan was dark and sultry. She was half Italian and her skin was a bronzed brown. Her straight dark hair was shoulder length. Since her early teens Jordan had been stunning. Her best feature had always been her butt. Small and pert it sat up inviting to anyone who dared to ride it for all he was worth. Her brother had been one of the many men who found he couldn't resist. For years he had been in hell as his little sis Jordan had pranced about the house in bra and thong. Often they would sunbathe together. On a particularly hot day Jordan would get her bro to work in the sun cream all over her fantastically toned body. Finally Chris had succumbed and during one sun bathing session his cock simply burst, spraying cum all over her. What ensued was an eight-hour marathon of passionate raw sex. The horse of a brother eventually lost when Jordan succeeded in wanking off his meat-pole with both hands. He had come in eight massive spurts that day and no man had come close to such a display of stamina since, except Chris. 

Unsurprisingly their relationship had never been the same since. Jordan was for a time the only girl that could handle his cock. On numerous occasions Jordan and her friends had given Chris a workout. Jordan was the only slut that could bring him off though. Chris had thus achieved something of a reputation. He grew arrogant and secretly longed for another slut to take him on. He got his wish one night when Chris and Jordan's boyfriend, Mike had gone out clubbing. They were seduced by the dirty dancing of Tanya Supertits. Tanya had promised both guys she could titfuck them to unconsciousness. The boys were typically incredulous but couldn't resist the heaving shimmering bosom that Tanya displayed before them. Secretly they also wanted to prove to each other who was the bigger stud.

When Jordan had returned to her house that evening she found her boyfriend lying on the ground, unconscious and completely spent. A few yards away Chris was painfully running his hand up the length of his cock. The shaft was bright pink and at least half as big as usual. Kneeling in front of him was that man-eater. 

Chris and Mike had put up a good fight. Around Tanya were the ruins of their clothes, pants, and a bra. Cum was all over the floor. Chris had covered his vast chest with juice. 

"Come on honey, show me what you're made of."

"Y..Yo..You'll kill me you wh...whore."

With that he let out his biggest shot ever. It rocketed up and splattered all over the ceiling. Tanya dived forward and snapped up his knob with her lips. White liquid soon oozed out of her mouth and trickled down the full length of Chris' impressive barrel. Chris was done for. His sister watched him go down fighting against the best.

Tanya got up, put her clothes back on and walked out. She passed Jordan on the way, embracing her stud brother. Tanya paused before leaving:

"He was the best so far honey, but he wasn't up to it."

Ever since that night Jordan had vowed revenge on the slut. She had enhanced ever part of her body. Her breasts were now bigger than Tanya's at 44FF. Her arse had been injected with silicon to keep hem tighter and higher. Every day she worked out keeping in top shape for the weekend ahead. When it came she would hunt down Tanya. Soon she had developed the same slut like nature. Fucking dozens of men each night, using them and throwing them away. Recently though she had come across two hunks in a nightclub. Soon, though, they were coming across her: again and again. Both were massive at 14 inches. Troy and Dale were buddies. Both had a lot of pride and often competed with each other to see who could cover a girl with the most jizz. Jordan had promised them that if they could out-screw the queen of sluts, Tanya, she would reward them handsomely.

"Hell we'll do that for the challenge alone." Had said Troy.

"No one has ever been able to handle fourteen inches for more than four hours." Added Dale.

"I did." replied Jordan. 

"Honey you're special."

"Well so is she." Snapped Jordan "Neither of you will be able to do it alone. Trust me I've seen this slut destroy cocks as big as your arm. To stand any chance you'll have to hit her late after a few chumps have had a go at her. Then take her at the same time, front and rear."

"She still can't be that good." Interrupted Dale. 

"Trust me stud, this one is that good. In fact she's the best. She outlasted my brother and he fucked harder than either of you. You can't defeat her with those." She pointed to the two cannons that were pointing out from each man's jeans. Obviously the sex talk had them aroused.

"She'll simply take you one after another and suck you dry."

"Okay we'll try it you way." Snarled Troy on behalf of both of him and his partner in crime. "But I say see won't even make to that stage. I'll lay into her so hard she'll split."

"We'll see." Replied Jordan.

Showdown

Before Johnny's big frame had hit the ground Jordan was grabbed by a pair of massive hands. They belonged to Jason. Only four men were left in the competition. Dale and Troy were still going strong having worked their way through a pair of stewardesses and all four cheerleaders. Jordan caught their gaze. She nodded.

"Now's the time." she said and looked over to Tanya, who had just disposed of four studs in truly awesome fashion.

"So," said Tanya, suddenly realising Jordan's little game. "You've hired a couple of jerks to do me in. Still pining after your big brother. Well he was big that's for sure. I remember he had me right at the edge several times hat night. Before he finally collapsed. Are these two any consolation?" she questioned, licking her lips and turning to Dale and Troy. 

"They're more than enough for you." Replied Jordan. 

"So you've tried them out. I best they don't get half as deep as Chris did. That night wasn't the first time we screwed. He'd been doing me for months. He couldn't get enough of my pussy. He said I was the only one who could make him cum that much. I persuaded him to bring a helping hand and really put me through my paces. Unfortunately your boyfriend lasted all of ten seconds and Chris got carried away and didn't now when to call it off. Shame no one has done me that hard ever since." 

Dale and Troy had had enough talking. Dale came form the front. He ran his thick piece of meat up and down Tanya's Chest and stomach as he went the cock leaked pre-cum form the head. It left a gooey trail along her body.

"Hmm...naughty boy." Said Tanya teasingly. "Enough foreplay though."

She ran her fingers up his legs and dug into his butt cheeks. They were solid. 

"Ooh, that's what I like. I bet that arse won't give up easy."

She Ran he left leg slowly up Dale's right. The smooth calf felt boiling hot as it ascended his thigh. She looked into his eyes. She was begging him to blow his load then and there. When her thigh reached his rock of a butt she felt an orgasmic rush. Her pupils dilated and lips parted slightly. "Ahh" she made the faintest of squeals.

She moved her dripping wet pussy up along the bottom of his dick. Smearing her own cum and that of her previous lovers all over its length. When she finally reached the end of his meat Tanya paused and gently forced her self down over the bulging purple head. "Agh!" They both tensed as he entered her. Tanya dug her nails into his impregnable arse. Dale grabbed and squeezed her tits hard. The nipples poked through he gaps in his fingers. But her breasts retained their shape even under Dale's immense strength.

From behind the sight was awesome. Troy had watched as Tanya's leg lifted slowly up his buddy's side. As it did so Tanya pushed her front forward and back inwards. Her body arched beautifully and accentuated her amazing arse. Round but small it seemed to be weightless. The cheeks were near perfect hemi-spheres that never lost form no matter how hard they were squeezed. Glistening with sweat and shiny smooth her butt was too tempting for the normally ice cool Troy. 

He entered her from behind. His throbbing 14-inch sausage was on the verge of exploding. "I'll make mince meat out of that piece," thought Tanya as he thrust himself up against her toned rear. 

"Aghhh...you're so tight." "Force it in honey, all of it!" Begged Tanya

"You won't be able to handle it babe." Gasped Troy as he smoothly worked in his knob inch by inch. Even his rock hard dick was straining under the force of his thrusts and showing signs of bending. Troy was famous for his rigid cock. Hours of sex had never revealed any weakness in its design. Tanya's butt was just too tight though.

"Trust me I...I've had bigger in there." stammered Tanya leaning round to catch Troy's shocked expression.

Suddenly as if by will Tanya's butt hole oozed juicy liquid. She had realised a special lubricant that was also acted to stimulate Troy's pheromone production. He was no longer in control of his own cock. He frantically began to fuck her using all his strength. From the front his buddy Dale was doing over time. Tanya's juiced pussy was devouring everything he could through at it. 

Tanya teased him relentlessly, "Come on give me that cock, big boy." Agh..ag..ahhh Oh yeah..Agh she started to climax."

"That's it you slut." said Dale. "I knew you wouldn't last." He pounded home. Tanya was in ecstasy. 

"Oh you bastard. You're so hard. You'll split me in two. No please stop." Dale relentlessly worked her harder. By know Tanya had her legs wrapped around his fabulous buttocks. Her massive chest was thrust up and out. Each time he rammed her awesome frame Dale gripped her knockers tighter. But even his mighty hands couldn't get a firm hold on her enormous tits. Covered in cum and sweat they were just too big. The most he could do was furiously run his hands over them in a vain attempt to get a grip on something. 

"What's the matter, stud? These babies too much for ya? I bet your cock's no too big for you to jerk off." 

"Shut up bitch. I'm better than you."

"Come on prove it."

Dale began to pound like a man possessed. Tanya squeezed his tight butt. Pure muscle she dug her fingernails in and held on for dear life as Dale brought her off again. This one was impressive. 

Dale's overworked piece was getting worn down. Tanya's cum oozed out of her pussy, ran along the two inches of his shaft that he couldn't fit in and down his athletic legs. It was the third time in an hour she had cum. Dale was in a trance fucking for his life, which wasn't going to last much longer. 

The sight was amazing. From behind Troy pounded her arse and wrestled with Tanya's round tits. Dale, who had been beaten off them by his former mate, settled for Tanya's divine ass. Her cheeks were so tight and small he gripped as hard as he could but they still remained rock hard. Harder even than his well-crafted buttocks. Tanya worked for hours on her arse, most of lovers only worked on it for a matter of minutes. 

Tanya was suspended in mid air. Impaled on two huge cocks. Both men thrust in unison. Dale and Troy competing with each other as much as Tanya. She was milking them for all they were worth.

Jordan watched in envy as her rival wore down the two best fucks she had had in years. Meanwhile she was in a life and death struggle with Timmy and Jason. Timmy lay on the bed pumping her once finger tight arse with amazing precision. His sculpted buttocks had been pounding away for fifteen minutes and he showed no signs of tiring. From the front Jason worked his magic. Fourteen inches of rock hard man meat slid in and out of Jordan's sopping wet cunt twice a second. Each time he pulled out and then re-entered Jordan felt like she would explode. Jason beat her to it. 

The sight of her massive tits bouncing up and own drove him wild. He grabbed both melons and squeezed. At that very same moment his cock gave in; he dragged the whole length from the velvet soft pussy that had defeated him. His muscles tensed and Face grimaced. With each inch that was removed Jordan came closer to heaven. Eventually he retraced it all and strange peace came over Jordan just before Jason did:

"Yes," thought Jordan, "another one bites the dust." But before she could turn her attention to Timmy a load of thick red hot cum splattered her toned stomach, it was followed by another, bigger, spurt that carried up towards her chest.

Jordan felt her tits explode. Deep inside the orgasm reached ecstatic proportions. She grabbed Jason's gun. First with one hand Jordan made a feeble attempt to hold onto this unstoppable piece of meat. A third shot landed all over her right nipple. 

"Oh yes, give me your cum. Your cock's so big you fucking stud. You're the best fuck I've ever had. Even my brother's horse-cock was nothing compared to you. I don't care Tanya did him in. I've got your meat now." She screamed.

With two slutty hands Jordan grasped Jason's tent pole, which was now bright red and dripping with their juices. 

Involuntarily her chest was thrust forward and upwards, tits stretched out but holding firm. She ran her experienced fingers down the thick shaft. The veins stood out on his cock ready to burst. They were bigger than most other men's dicks. Like a shotgun Jason would let loose another volley every time Jordan cocked his piece.

He was on the edge herself; cum gushed out of her cunt and down her thigh. The creamy white juices contrasted brilliantly with her tanned skin. Jason saw this awesome sight and watched helplessly has Jordan ran her red fingernails along his throbbing cock. His hands were shaking and knees trembled. Jordan looked up her mouth pouting. They said nothing to each other. Both tried to conserve their energy. Jordan stuck her killer blow. She moved her lips around the cock head and circled her tongue over the fat, purple tip. Jason could stand it no more: his legs buckled from the workout Jordan had given him. His cock burst open: Cum shot straight out over Jordan's FF rack. Both competitors had gritted teeth and stared each other in the eye. Jason continued to spurt come, one long tick waterfall spew forth all over Jordan. He managed to direct the load across her chest and used all his strength to drag his shaft across those huge tits.

"He's a gonna." Thought Tanya watching whilst Troy and Dale competed to out fuck each other.

Jason though was well-trained and super fit. He had never had an orgasm like this but neither had Jordan. As Jason unloaded all over her precious breasts Timmy gave up the long struggle he had been having with her arse. 

Suddenly She felt him thrust upwards. Timmy was on the brink of destruction. His massive biceps looked ready to explode as he grabbed the bed sheets on his side in a vain attempt to hold on to something. He ripped them to shreds and violently, desperately reached down onto the bed frame. Tanya gasped with pleasure as she watched this enormous hunk writhe around in ecstasy. On the end of his shaft Jordan was in a different world: When Timmy had thrust her upwards Jason had stuffed his mighty cock down her throat. As his super orgasm continued Jordan entered a new realm of pleasure. Fourteen inches down her mouth and up her anus and tits soaked in more cum than all the men she had ever fucked had ever managed to produce was too much for the girl. 

They were even better than her stud brother. Who had at most only ever covered half her breasts. Finally with Jason panting furiously on top and Timmy screaming with pleasure from below Jordan passed the point of no return. She blacked out with both super studs still oozing cum from their tortured cocks.

From her vantage point on Dale and Troy Tanya was reaching her own orgasm. But would she go the way of her so-called rival?