 Tara took particular care with her appearance. She shaved every hair from her boy, smeared on lashings of moisturizer, gave herself a manicure and pedicure and spent ages deciding what to wear.

She eventually chose a strapless, skin tight short black dress and so there would be no outlines, wore nothing underneath. Her breasts peeped tantalizingly over the top. As she passed she left a subtle whiff of her latest Versace perfume. Her face was carefully made up and every hair was in place. She was without doubt, the night's sex goddess.

In contrast I chose a little grey suit with pencil skirt and wore a bright yellow frilly blouse underneath. I had also decided on a lacy shelf bra and matching g-string with a black lacy suspender belt and black mesh stockings. With my high heeled black shoes, I looked the picture of business efficiency.

Ari was waiting for us when we arrived at the coffee shop and looked sufficiently impressed to suit us. He ordered drinks and we sat and chatted for a while before I decided it was time to go. Tara went ahead so he could admire the wiggle of her tight butt cheeks under that clinging dress.

Once in the room, we were surprised to see that he had ordered light snacks and a bottle of sparkling wine in an ice bucket. We were to get the full treatment tonight and would reciprocate in kind.

When I considered we had spent enough time on the idle chit-chat, I got up and led him to the bedroom. I undressed him and laid him down on the bed. Then I slowly removed my jacket and hung it carefully over a chair. Already his cock was rising.

Equally slowly I unbuttoned my blouse and it joined the jacket. I was now showing him my breasts perched precariously on their shelf. He gasped. To get him really revved up I leaned over and kissed him languidly. He tried to grab me but I sidestepped him and stood once again at the end of the bed.

Without haste, I unzipped my skirt and let it fall to the floor. I was in no hurry to remove my g-string, so turned round to give him the full view. I was having fun.

To make him wait even longer, Tara entered nibbling a peach and letting the juice run down her chin. It was one of her sexier moves. 

She turned to me so I could unzip her dress, and it fell easily on to the floor revealing her in all her nakedness except for her very high heels.

We were now ready.

She kissed Ari and pressed her breasts against him. Then she rubbed that peach over her breasts and his cock. He flinched and groaned. Good.

Very, very slowly she climbed on to the bed and crouched over him just high enough so he could not reach. She rubbed peach juice over her whole slit, threw it on the floor and then lowered herself on to his waiting mouth. I thought he would choke.

Meanwhile I took his by now enormous cock and rubbed it it between my hands and then over my breasts, before taking it into my mouth and starting on a grand blowjob. He was thrashing and groaning and I could feel his cock pulsing. After a few more sucks I mounted him backwards and slid it easily into my dilated slippery pussy. We both gasped with the pleasure of it.

Tara was rubbing her breasts and pulling on her nipples, and I could see her expression changing. She was building up to something big. She rubbed her clit with her thumb whenever Ari let is go to lick the rest of her slit and try to poke his tongue into her anus. She was giving little whimpers.

I was riding Ari for all I was worth and kept changing my position until I was satisfied I had the right angle to get him right up to my tonsils. Glory be, but he was huge. This was pleasure personified.

Ari moved Tara slightly so he could rub her anus with his hand and insert a finger. I thought she would hit the ceiling. She was breathing deeply and getting a dreamy look in her eyes. I knew she was not far from orgasm.

As I watched she tightened all her muscles and shrieked. Ari wasn't sure if it was pleasure or pain, but continued to push into her.

I thumped down on him and without warning felt this gallon of hot juice spurting deep inside me. It sent me into a frenzy and I dug my nails into his sides as I experienced spasm after spasm of pleasure shake me. All three had come almost simultaneously. Tara and I were getting good.

When we eventually calmed down and got our breathing under control, we returned to the sitting room, all still naked, and enjoyed another glass of bubbly. It became a circus. I rubbed some ice over Ari's hanging cock, and he responded by rubbing some over my breasts and pushed a piece into my pussy. This was a completely new experience.

Not to be outdone, Tara rubbed a big piece over his butt and down over his anus. That got him going, and before we knew it, there was ice and cold water everywhere as we each tried to outdo the others. Our evenings didn't usually end like this.

It was hard for us to shower and dress, but the showering became farce as we all tried to get into the cubicle together. It looked as if the evening would start again as Ari was becoming aroused by soaping us both.

We looked at one another, but both shrugged. Should we stay or not?