 The drinks through the evening made him nice and woozy. His head felt light and in this state Sunita looked ever sexier and alluring. As if that was not enough, she was wearing her saree with one of those blouses that was daringly cut. Every time she leaned to serve someone or pick up a glass for refill, her low slung blouse gave enough slack for everyone to look down the front. Not that there was so much on display; her breasts were just short of large and there was not any significant cleavage. Her breasts mostly were contained by her bra.

As he thought of those suckable breasts with their pink-brown nipples he felt his cock rising. His eyes searched her out in the party even as the guy next to him babbled on about his new business plan. There she was, leaning over. This time her backside was towards him and he appreciatively took in the sight of her hips flaring and the well rounded ass. Delectable. Any which way you looked at her. He shifted uncomfortably, giving his cock some relief from the unrelenting pressure now building up.

Sunita too had had a couple of drinks. She was feeling nice too. As she leaned across to pick up the glass that was just that much too far, she was tantalizingly poised over Tarun. Tarun gulped as he took in the sight of her breasts so close near his face. Her aroma filled his nostrils and she looked down at him and smiled. Tarun's eyes wandered all over her. Her breasts, down the front of that low-cut blouse, her shoulders, her hair, her sparkling eyes. Tarun was transfixed.

So when she overbalanced and fell over, he was too caught up in his own world to help her any, and she fell on him. Her breasts crushed against his head, her body on his chest, and her knees digging into his thighs. She held her hands up, trying to avoid spilling or dropping the glass. One of her elbows caught the back of the sofa and the other was around his shoulder. That jousted her breasts against his face, and he felt the satin encased mounds of flesh play against his face. The hard-on was instant. His friend's wife, smeared against him in front of everyone. Her hands holding glasses, unable to prevent the mashing of breasts. His hands at his side unable to support her. 

"Sorry!" she mumbled, as she hoisted herself up, one hand on his shoulder. As she steadied herself, she found that she was tantalizingly close to him. And she could still feel his face on her breasts. She moved back, aware of the situation and the eyes on them, and as she did so, her knee grazed his crotch. She wondered if what she felt was for real..... Karan grabbed her arm and hauled her up, helping his wife regain herself. As she turned to face the person who had helped her up, she felt her face flushed red. And the heat and color on her was not lost on Karan.

She freed herself and thanked him and moved away into the kitchen. She steadied herself at the sink. The back of her hand covering her mouth, as she thought of the way she was spread over Tarun, and of the fleeting touching of his hardon that her knee had discovered. "God!" she thought. "In front of everyone. This stirring of lust is not me. Is not legitimate. And from where has this willingness to feel lust come from?"

She looked down at herself and saw the view of her breasts in their trappings, the pinkness of her chest that must have been so visible through the evening, and so particularly to Tarun when they were so closely juxtaposed. Damn the tailor, she had told him to keep all his design bravado to the back. She pulled up the blouse a bit and readjusted the pallu of her saree to cover herself better. She felt better this way. It was more reflective of her traditional upbringing and the wife of a respectable household. She wondered if she was covering her body, or whether the pallu was to shroud her willingness to feel illegitimate lust.

When she stepped back into the hall, it was as if all eyes were on her. She looked up nervously to spot Karan and noticed that he was indeed with his eyes on her. Sunita smiled at some of the other guests and continued as if nothing had happened. She didn't want Karan to realize that she was self conscious of what had happened. As she rose from one sofa to move around she found herself across the room from where Tarun was sitting. He was looking at her, and she felt an unfamiliar tingling in her breasts. It was the pressure, the squashing, the mashing of flesh on his head, his face. The stimulus, unexpected and in dangerous public view. It had felt good and her breasts ached for completion. The thought of having her breasts touched, felt and sucked, made her feel even hotter. And she realized that moistness had come to be between her legs. One corner of her mind took note of the fact that it did not matter to her who was doing the touching, the satiation. She just wanted it. 

Karan knew he wanted her and also knew he could not wait for the last guest to leave. Not tonight. Tonight, he needed her. But there was the usual gang that would hang around for longer. The group that had come to expect that the party would shrink in size but continue for a longer bit. How could today be different? Damn, thought Karan. Yes, on other nights it was fun to have everyone hang around, but tonight was different. Maybe right now was a good time. When the first set had left, and there was a hiatus, when things were getting put away and the house being made comfortable for a smaller group. Children being put to bed, and a little informality creeping in.

He went around the house and found her in her room, putting away some things before heading down again. As her hands were up accessing the top shelf, she was on her toes and her body fully exposed. He let his hands rest on her bare torso, just under the blouse, above where the saree was tied. She gasped. His four fingers were to the front of her body and his thumb on the back. His fingers crept up and reached the lower slopes of her breasts. He let his hands slide up. Feeling the soft flesh bunch up as he pushed upward. Sunita let her hands hold the shelf as she left her body open to his hands. She wanted this, she could use the relief. She closed her hands on the shelf and felt his fingers stroke her breasts. The nipples shuddered when touched but not enough was happening, with layers of cloth covering her aching flesh.

She pushed her ass back till she found his crotch and she caressed the cock with her ass. He pawed her breasts. Squeezing. Kneading. She shuddered. Partly from the stimulation. Partly because in her closed eyes, the hands were not of Karan. And the excitement of having Tarun touch her was the other part. As the ripples went through her, her lips parted and a sigh escaped. Karan put his hands on her shoulder and turned her around. And he pushed her down. He couldn't think of her needs at a time when his cock was screaming for release. He pushed down his trousers along with the waistband of his shorts. The slender but full cock jumped out and Sunita's hand covered it. She slowly fisted it, even as she felt a fever of desire on her breasts. She groaned as she felt her need escalate. He lay back on the floor and she knelt between his legs, her back to the door. 

She covered the cock with her mouth and started to fuck him with her lips. He was so predictable, except that he was drunk; he might take longer to cum. God knows they didn't have that much time, with their inner circle of friends still around the house. Her head bobbed. His hands were on her head urging her on. "Suck and fuck you bitch! Make me cum! Make me cum the way the Tarun wants to cum in you!" Karan was wild and crazed. 

Her eyes opened wide at the reference to Tarun. Her head bobbed ever more furiously. Shorter strokes. More focused on the head. But faster. "So its true, isn't it!" he asked triumphantly. "The thought of him makes you go, you slut!" 

She had no idea where this language came from. He seemed a different man. But what he said was so true. Her hand crept below and slid through the top of her saree at the waist. She felt the softness of her own tummy. Her hair. Her pussy. Her wetness. Her clit. She stroked slowly. Yes, slut. She wanted to be pleasured like a slut. Her hand pulled at her saree. Opening it out, bunching it up. She tried stuffing her fingers in to her pussy. But she didn't know enough about pleasuring herself. God she need to cum.........

So did he. He started to thrust. Wildly. The thrusting made his cock leap and twitch uncontrollably. She needed to hold him, his cock, to give some control to this, if he was to cum and finish. Her hand closed around his cock and she fisted him, even as her lips pleasured his cock head. Her lower body was exposed because of the bunching up but she couldn't attend to herself. She remained kneeling and her legs spread out as she went down lower on Karan. He started to scream. Holler. His hips bucking. His shaft felt her fingers and her lips. The wetness of her lips and the wetness of his fluid spewing was maddening. Uncontrolled lust and desire was all he felt. The pleasure was indescribable. "Oh! Yes, baby. Yes!" he muttered as he felt little surges and small amounts of fluid release. This control, this prolonged pleasure came only when he was drunk. The haze in his mind allowed him to seek and feel only pleasure. He was not in control. He was not aware of his beautiful sexy wife, or her needs. Just that she pleasured him madly.

It was that same haze in his mind that allowed him to spot Tarun enter the room but not react. He would have got up and quickly rearranged himself, but that would have meant the pleasure stopped. And that was something he could not handle at this time. His hips continued to buck. He looked down and saw Sunita with her eyes closed, her mouth open, his cock sliding in and out as her head moved up and down. He could see her ass jutting up as she was kneeling low. And he now noticed that her saree was askew, not quite up to her ankles. He looked back up and saw Tarun's eyes devouring Sunita.

Tarun stood there watching. He had miscalculated. He thought he had seen Karan next to the music system and that Sunita was up here alone. When he came up he didn't know what he was coming for. He was quite free around their house and this would not have been the first time he went up to her room. But it had never been like this. Never before had he been this close to Sunita. Never before had he felt her body. Never before had he felt her breasts. Never before had he lusted her. Today, he had come up to see if she might be alone. Though what might have happened if she really was alone was not something he had figured out. And now this......

From where he stood, he could see Karan sprawled on his back. His eyes had met Karan's but Karan had not stopped. His hips continued to buck as pleasure clearly washed over him. His hands were on Sunita's head. Her ass was jutting in the air and her saree was pulled up. He could see the back of her thighs, bare. And her body was prone and open. Her head was bobbing and her ass seemed to shake. His cock was impossibly swollen and he reached down and ground it once to feel relief. Sunita shifted and let her hand go between her legs for a bit as her own ache became uncontrollable. Tarun walked up closer and sat behind her, on his knees. His one hand caught an ankle and spread her out a bit more. His other hand went between her legs and met her fingers. Sunita moaned in protest but her mouth was full of Karan's cock. Her fingers, wet with her own moistness clutched at the hand now between her legs. She thought she would push him away but just ended accompanying him back to her pussy. She guided his fingers to where she felt the ache most even as her mind registered shock.

It now occurred to her that she was too much inflamed with desire to actually listen to her mind. She caught the wrist of the probing hand and tried to restrict its movement. She needed to get up and turn around to stop this invasion. As she lifted her head off Karan's cock, he roughly pushed her head down. He couldn't take an interruption now. His cock was pulsating with an imminent orgasm. Tarun held her ankle and pulled her leg open wide. Sunita used both her hands to regain her balance. Tarun rammed his fingers in, deep into her wet, open accepting cunt. She screamed onto the cock in her mouth, and Karan registered the vibrations from the scream. He knew what was happening but his eyes were now closed, concentrating on the build up in his cock. Surprisingly, the excitement in the pit of his stomach had only accelerated at the thought of his friend watching, now invading his wife's body. He didn't know how the intrusion was happening. But he didn't care right now. All he sought was his release.

Sunita regained balance and her hand went back to grab at the wrist to try stop him. She caught the wrist and her hand moved with his hand, pistoning her wide open pussy. She tried to hold it. Then she helped it ream her. Now stopping, now encouraging. Her salivary glands lost control as pleasure coursed through her aching body. God, how she needed this, and how Karan ought to have sucked and fucked her everywhere. She blamed him for her willing acceptance of the fingers abusing her. Her mouth watered and the loss of control of her lips from the pleasure allowed her saliva to flow down Karan's cock. Then the hand left her. She looked back, her hand making up for the absence of her lips on Karan's cock. She pushed her fist down fully, the read angry cock head jerking as the provocation shot through the cock. She didn't know what she wanted to do or say. It could well have been, "why have you stopped, just fuck me to an orgasm with those plunging fingers!" It could also have been, "How dare you take liberties with your friend's wife. I am not that kind of woman!"

Her face, cum and saliva flowing down her chin looked at Tarun. She was transfixed by the sight of what he was doing. His trousers were down at his ankles. He was shuffling forward. Her fist stopped moving as she took in the sight of the new male cock. A new male for her. She knew it was inevitable from here. Her hand moved slowly as she wondered about taking that cock in her. Should she? More importantly, could she? It was larger than Karan, hell, anything would be. She turned to look at Karan. He had his hands on his eyes and was looking through his fingers at the evolving picture. His hips moved up. Pleasure. His own. That's all that mattered to him. She wiped her lips on the sleeve of her blouse. And leaned forward to take back her husbands cock in her mouth. A drier mouth, more capable of delivering pleasure. Hopefully, if he finished cumming, he would take charge of the situation.

She was lost in a world between her pleasure, and what she and her husband were letting happen here. Her body ached. Her mind protested. Desire ravaged her. She wanted cock. She wanted hands on her aching nipples. She wanted all of that. But she wasn't sure whether it mattered who it came from. Lust, and a husband who didn't know how to fulfill it. And today she knew he was going to cum in her mouth. A first. A first about which she had lots of misgivings. But it was her husband who wanted it and she just had to do it. What was happening deeper down inside her was a different matter.

For Tarun, the fact that Karan had seen him and not made any moves to stop meant he was okay with what was happening. Beyond that, this luscious woman, her flesh which he had seen and felt for the first time today, the ache in his throbbing cock.... He just had to fuck her.

The wetness in her pussy was stunning. He moved closer behind her and held her hips. He felt her struggling, trying to make it difficult for him. He leaned forward and bit at her asscheek. She squealed. Her mouth lost control and she felt her teeth graze Karan's cock. "Ouch!" went Karan. Sunita knew she couldn't take any chances with stopping Tarun. She didn't want to hurt Karan. But which would hurt more? The fuck, or any chance with the teeth? She now felt the cockhead, all wet and bursting nosing her pussy. She squealed and moved. Towards the cock, not away from it, as she had wanted to. Her body slid over the cockhead and her mouth opened and she gasped out aloud at the spreading of her pussy. Her mind asked her to move forward so his cock couldn't invade her. She managed to control her body and move forward, only to move back and encounter Tarun thrusting forward. The cock and pussy clashed and the cockhead, impossibly large and wet, slid away, smearing her ass with his fluids as cock went aimlessly past. She gasped in shock, and he groaned in frustration.

It was too much for her, she reached under and grabbed his cock and guided it to her cunt. Tarun thrust hard and speared her. She ground her ass against his tummy feeling him full and completely inside her. The searing heat of his cock was compelling and the edge of her desire now gone, her mind tried to regain control. Now she pulled away and let him slip out. She rolled over to her back and closed her thighs. The feeling of his cock in her cunt was not legitimate. She reached for Karan to pull him up and make him take his rightful place. Karan did come on top, but over her face. He straddled her and fucked her mouth. Her hands covered his ass and she felt the aching, twitching emptiness in her cunt. She was now desperate but unable to fulfill her need. She felt hands on her knees, not Karan's. They spread her legs apart even as she tried to resist. She was already breathless from Karan on her chest. When Tarun pushed her legs back, up in the air, and her legs splayed open, the pussy agape, the constriction was great. 

Tarun pushed his knob into her. And slid into her. Spreading and filling her. Tarun's head was close to Karan's back. His hands were inside her legs holding them apart. His face on Karan's back, his hands touching another man in this kind of intimacy for the first time. Felt odd, even uncomfortable, but he needed this cunt right now. And he knew she needed a cock, even though not specifically his. And with Karan on her chest, she was not able to resist and keep those thighs closed. He fucked her hard and relentlessly. His cock felt the pubic bone caress his thickness. Yes! This was exquisite! He wanted more, and more.

Sunita felt her pussy ravaged and filled. She hated the way her cunt pulsated and took its pleasure. Her chest was feeling the pressure. Her hand caressed Karan's ass and fingered his ass hole to make him lose control. She needed him off. Her other hand fisted him. Karan was conscious of Tarun behind him. His arms touching him as he held himself up for support to fuck. The face occasionally on his back. His wife was being fucked, his fuzzed up brain told him, even as he fucked her mouth. 

Maybe that was what was making her wild! Maybe that was what her fingers were saying to his cock. Was she enjoying his cock? Was that pleasure so unbearable for her? His eyes were closed, his head thrown back as he imagined his wife on her back, legs spread apart held that way by another man. And her cunt, was it grabbing at the cock?

As those thoughts coursed through him, he felt his cock begin to swell with cum. He reached down and held her head. He wanted to cum with the comfort of his cock being stroked. But he had never cum in her mouth before. She opened her eyes as she felt the onset. Their eyes met. She nodded. Permission. He released himself, allowing his cock to flow. His hands were on the floor above her head. His hips prone over her mouth. Her hand was fisting him. Her mouth open, though it was jerking from the impact of Tarun thrusting into her. His first shot was a blasting jerk, and then dribbles. Several jerks and shudders. Loads of cum filling her mouth. She let it flow as her tongue pushed it out the side of her mouth. Her hand continued to fist him to give him the fullest satisfaction of pleasure. After all, when they fucked he had to pull out to avoid impregnating her. His cock missed that stroking and caressing while cumming; she knew instinctively, though they didn't talk of it.
