 Charles and Rodney were cousins, good friends, and what the ton would call two independent gentlemen of leisure. The ton considered it was the duty of both to get married. The cousins considered it was their duty to have a good time. Currently, the cousins' opinions were winning the argument.

At the present time they were riding out to where there would be a mill in a couple of days. They were ahead of the pack, feeling that this would give them a better chance at securing decent lodgings for a couple of days. The cousins were quite happy to provide their own amusement until the day of the mill.

They were able to get rooms in The Black Duck, an inn that catered for a slightly better class of traveller. Having settled into their rooms the cousins returned to the tap room for a glass of wine and a look see at what entertainment they might find.

It wasn't long before Charles found something that might prove to be excellent entertainment, for one, anyway, and he had no qualms in giving Rodney the slip.

Approaching the attractive little barmaid, Charles turned on the charm and soon had her chatting and laughing in between serving customers.

Eventually he sounded Becky out about her after hours time.

"Tell me, Becky," he said. "What time do you finish here. I was wondering if you might have a bit of spare time to show me around the inn and tell me of any places of interest in the village that I should visit."

"Ooh, sir, I get off at six for an hour, but I'm supposed to go home with my sister for my dinner. I has to start work again at seven, so I doesn't have much time to show a gentleman around."

"That's unfortunate," murmured Charles. He seemed to consider the situation. "How about if I let you have a shilling or two for your time. You can tell your sister you had to work a bit longer and you'll be able to buy yourself some dinner as well."

Becky paused. A shilling or two? That was a larger tip than she could normally expect. She suspected that she knew what was on the gentleman's mind, but he was young and healthy and that shilling or two would probably be better in her pocket than his.

"I could tell Clarice to go home without me, I suppose. You'd have to meet me outside the side door, as I'm not supposed to walk about with customers, sir."

Their rendezvous agreed on, Charles moved off to play some darts until six. When six o'clock finally rolled around, Charles saw Becky tidying up and heading deeper into the Inn. Excusing himself to his darts partners, Charles strolled out the front of the inn and headed around to the side door.

Shortly after Becky came hurrying out, looking pleased to see him waiting.

"No problems with Clarice?" he asked.

Becky giggled. "Didn't even need to tell her, sir," she said. "She came to me and said that she couldn't make it home for dinner as she had some things she had to do."

Charles smiled. "So now that you have some time free, how about showing me around the inn. Are there any decent horses in the stables right now?"

"No, sir. I don't think so. Apart from the ones that you and your friend rode the place is empty. Even the ostler won't be there. He's in having his dinner."

"Why don't we check it out anyway," suggested Charles. "Maybe there are some interesting things I can look at in there." He reached out and drew his hand down the ample cleavage that Becky was showing. He wanted no misunderstandings as to what he would be looking at.

Becky blushed and half-heartedly pushed his hand away. Then she walked with him towards the stable.

"Tell me, Becky," said Charles, "are you a virgin?"

"Sir!" Becky was shocked. "People don't ask things like that!" 

"I do," said Charles, smiling at her. "I would say you're not," he added, his hand again tracing her cleavage.

"What do you think I am?" asked Becky, indignant now. Maybe she'd misjudged this nice man.

"I think that you are a very pretty and healthy young woman who won't regret spending some time alone with me," said Charles. "I wouldn't want to shock you, so that's why I'm making it clear that I want to play with you."

Becky blushed. "No one has ever asked me like that before," she said.

But, Charles noticed, she did not draw away and seemed quite happy to go with him.

Entering the barn, Becky pointed to the end. 

"There's a nice big loose box up there that has lots of straw on the floor. You'd probably like to see that."

Charles allowed that he would, and they both strolled down and into the loose box.

The loose box was quite large, which was fortunate as there were now a number of people in it. Apart from Becky and himself, there was a pretty young woman, who seemed to have lost her clothes, and Rodney, who was in the process of losing his.

Becky was the first to find her voice.

"Clarice," she shrieked, "how could you? You said you had things to do but I find you here, cavorting naked, with a naked man. Have you no shame? Think of what our poor mother would say if she knew what you were getting up to. I suggest that you get dressed and get yourself home at once."

Charles laughed at the expression on Rodney's face, giving him a wink. Before either of the men could speak Clarice had rallied and was launching her counter attack.

"And I suppose you're walking in here with a man because you're interested in showing him the horses?" Clarice shouted. "Oh, but there ain't no horses here, are there. I wonder why you've come here then, with a man."

Seeing his nights entertainment fading away quickly if he didn't do something, Charles chipped in.

"Quiet, girls," he said, a ring of command in his voice. With the girls shutting up and turning to look at him, he continued.

"Rodney, this is Becky, Clarice's sister, I believe. Clarice, I'm Charles, Rodney's cousin. Now we all know each other and we all know why we've come here."

Turning to Becky he continued. "Now that that is all sorted out, you can take off your dress. We're all friends here."

Becky stared at him. "Do you think I'm going to take off my dress with her here?" she demanded.

Charles looked at Clarice who was now trying to cover herself with her hands. Looking back at Beck he simply said, "Yes."

Becky started to protest some more, but Charles ignored what she was saying. Reaching out he started to rapidly undo the buttons on the front of her dress, spilling out her breasts. With the buttons undone, Charles simply pushed the dress off Becky's shoulders and pulled it down over her hips, leaving her as naked as her sister.

"Now girls," Charles said, "we will continue with our arrangements. The only difference is that you'll each be able to demonstrate to your sister what you can do." 

Nothing like a little competition to stir their juices, he thought.

While the girls watched in shock, Charles quickly stripped off, noting that Rodney had also finished undressing.

"Well, girls," asked Charles, "what's it going to be? Are you going to just spread your legs for a quick bonk or are you going to have some fun with this?"

Clarice and Becky glanced at each other. 

"What do you mean by fun?" asked Becky.

"Tell me what you want first. A quick screw or some fun? The fun will take longer."

Becky blinked and seemed to be considering. "I'll go with some fun," she said, and Clarice nodded.

"OK," said Charles, turning Becky around and coaxing her to bend over. "For a coin, who is this?"

He tossed a coin and Rodney called, watched the coin land and smiled. Stepping quietly up behind Becky, he parted her lips and slid smoothly into her, and then withdrew and stepped back again.

Becky gave a startled gasp feeling the sudden intrusion and withdrawal. Who was that, Charles or the other? 

"It wasn't Charles," she gasped out, feeling elated when told she'd won the coin.

"Now for another coin, Rodney is going to lie down and one of you will mount him and the get off. If Rodney doesn't guess correctly, you win the coin."

With money involved, the girls proved eager to please, trying different stances with both men, slowly building up the excitement for all four as the sexual games continued. Eventually, realising that time was passing and that if they didn't settle down to some serious screwing they'd come without it the men finally had the girls get ready for some serious effort.

"All right girls, I want you to get on your hands and knees, next to each other but facing opposite directions." said Charles.

Indicating to Rodney to take up his position he settled down behind Becky. 

"OK, girls," he told them, "we're going to take you now. If you look at your sister, you will see a cock sliding into her at the same time you can feel one sliding into you. It should make you think that you're watching that cock slide into you."

With that the cousins launched their final assault upon the girls. Sliding neatly into Becky, Charles had to control his laughter at the intent look on Clarice's face as she watched his cock driving into Becky. Either it really did seem to her that she was watching herself being taken, or she was enjoying watching her sister get taken.

With all the little games that they'd been playing, all four of the participants were highly aroused. Charles thrust happily into Becky, not worrying about how she was receiving him, just happy that she seemed eager to go with him. 

It wasn't long before Becky was giving little squeals of excitement as Charles hammered into her. A counterpoint rose from Clarice, and soon both the girls were squealing and gasping, almost in unison.

Charles settled down and started driving home more forcefully, hearing Becky's cries growing louder as he continued to drive towards his climax. Then he was groaning and listening to Becky as she boiled over, both of them swept away by their efforts.

Becky seemed to slowly collapse to the ground, while Charles just relaxed on her. Turning his head slightly he could see Rodney serving Clarice, and, from the shrillness of her cries, serving her very well.

Charles stood and dressed. Helping Becky to her feet he handed her her dress. When Becky had slipped it on he escorted her from the stable.

"What about Clarice?" Becky asked. "Is she coming?"

Listening to the squeals coming from the loose box, Charles shrugged. "From the sound of it, I'd say she's very close to it, wouldn't you," he asked.

Moving back towards the inn, Charles raised the thought uppermost in his mind. 

"So what time do you get off work tonight?" he asked. "Perhaps you could find some time to help me see the sights again."