 Brett handed over his ten bucks, even though he could think of a thousand things that would have been a better use for the money. He'd agreed to join the team for the scavenger hunt, but held no illusions about winning the pot. From what he'd heard, there were usually so many teams competing that the odds were slim.

Mike returned a few minutes later with the official master list and the address of the online version. "Everybody check it out and see what you can come up with," he said as he held up the front page to show the URL.

Brett brought up the site on his phone and started scrolling. The list was enormous, with more than three hundred items, each written with tongue-in-cheek humor. Some were easy, such as, 'Pimp Fried Rice: Deliver a Chinese take-out menu with the word Ho in the name of the restaurant to the judges for five chopsticks.' Others like, 'Operation Dumbo Drop,' that required the team to bring a real, live elephant to the judges were all but impossible. That particular item was worth one thousand points — or peanuts as the text read.

Some things were risky, but generally harmless. 'Full Moon Fever,' required a picture of the entire team mooning a statue in town, for example. The list left little doubt that guys were running the contest with items like, 'Australian Kiss,' that asked for a pair of panties with lipstick kisses on the crotch. 'Pie in the Sky,' requested upskirt pictures of girls on balconies, stairs, and such, with bonus points for girls going commando.

The item for nude pictures of girls had one of the longest descriptions. Bra pictures were worth ten points. Panty pics were worth twenty. Bare breasts were worth thirty. Pussy shots were worth forty. Fully naked was good for fifty. There were bonuses for multiple girls in the same image, girls kissing or fondling each other, and a huge point boost for full-on lesbian action.

"The fuck?" one of his teammates, Brian, exclaimed. "What's with the Skittles?"

Brett looked at him and asked, "Skittles?"

"It's the last thing on the list. Puckered Rainbow. Sour Skittles delivered to the judges will send you over the rainbow with ten gold nuggets per ounce. This item is a spoil of the judges and will not be returned."

Mike revealed, "One of the judges is hooked on Sour Skittles, and you can't find them around here for shit."

Brett smiled and said, "I may be able to get us some points on that. Kylie's mom sends her a whole box of those once a month."

"Kylie who?" Brian asked.

"That redhead I've hooked up with a few times."

Mike said, "The Skittles are yours, then. Everybody else keep your eyes open in the stores, though. That can add up fast. My uncle's a notary, so I can get that notarized statement that I've never watched The Note without a girl present."

"I've got a take-out menu from China Ho," another teammate said.

Brian said, "My Dad has a ship in a bottle."

On it went, until the team split up to begin gathering the various items. Brett went after his primary target first by texting Kylie. After a promising exchange of flirtation, he asked, "Hey, does your Mom still send you those Sour Skittles?"

"Scavenger hunt, huh?"

"You've got me," he answered.

The next text message from her took a couple of minutes to arrive. "Got them yesterday, but they're going to cost you."

"Like what?" he asked. He'd already spent ten bucks on the scavenger hunt, and he really didn't want to waste any more.

"At the house. Come over and we'll talk about it."

"There in a few. I'll text you when I get there," he answered.

"Just come in. I'll be downstairs."

That was a surprise. Like most sororities, there were rules about when and where male visitors were allowed inside the house, and Kylie's seemed stricter than most. She'd always met him outside in the past — even in bad weather.

He'd spent enough time with her to know that she was up to something, and he suspected it was showing off for her sorority sisters. She had what he wanted, and she was going to milk it for all it was worth.

So, it was yet another surprise when he arrived and found her sitting by herself, rather than surrounded by her sisters.

"Hey," he said as she stood up. She was wearing a skirt, which was unusual enough for him to notice.

"Hey, yourself," she said as she stepped straight into his personal bubble and plucked at his shirt. "Come on."

He followed when she turned, and quickly realized she was heading toward the stairs. "Aren't you going to get in trouble?"

She chuckled. "Our house Mom had to leave town, and she won't be back until tomorrow morning. So, are you coming or what?"

The look in her eyes boded well. If she was horny, and if that's what she wanted for the Skittles, it wasn't even a trade. "So, the cat's away?"

"Uh huh."

Getting involved in the scavenger hunt suddenly didn't seem like such a waste of time and money.

She led him down the hall, and he saw knowing stares on the faces of two girls they passed, punctuated afterwards by giggling. The sounds coming from behind one closed door proved he wasn't the only man in the house.

Kylie opened her door, and his hopes sank. Four of her sorority sisters — her personal clique — were sitting in the room. It was a diverse group, even in the melting pot that was campus life. Amanda was Hispanic, Jun's family was Chinese, Trina was African-American, and Sophia was a dark-skinned Puerto Rican. The girls glanced at each other and laughed as Brett took in the scene.

Kylie grabbed his hand and joined in the laughter. "Come on," she said as she pulled him into the room, closed the door, and locked it.

He noticed that Trina was wearing a skirt as well, and couldn't recall having ever seen her in one. He was also certain that it was one he'd seen Sophia wearing at some point. With that came the realization that they were all wearing skirts, and that Trina and Jun's clashed with the tops they were wearing.

It was strange, but he put it out of his head when Sophia picked up the box of Skittles and shook it.

"Thirty-six bags. Seventy-eight ounces," Kylie said while gesturing at the box. "That's seven hundred and eighty points, right?"

Brett nodded and said, "Yeah."

"Damn, that's almost as much as getting an elephant," Trina remarked.

Jun said, "It sure is a lot of points for candy."

As if he didn't already know, the over-the-top tone screamed that they were all in on it. Brett blew out breath and said, "Yeah. So, what do you want for them?"

Kylie looked up at the ceiling, tapped a finger on her chin, and let out an exaggerated, "Hmm..."

"Come on," Brett said, and leaned against the door, trying to act as if he was unfazed by the whole thing.

The redhead strutted across the couple of steps between them, and jerked the tail of his shirt out of his jeans.

"What are you doing?" he asked.

"Taking your shirt off," Kylie said while continuing to pull the material free of his jeans.

"Okay," he said, lifting his arms and shaking his head.

Kylie pulled off the shirt and tossed it to her friends with a, "Whoo!"

"Nice," Amanda said as she caught the shirt.

"Mmm hmm," Trina agreed.

He held his arms out to the side and tightened up his abdominal muscles to show them off, which resulted in more approving comments from the girls.

Then Kylie reached for his belt.

Already standing almost against the door, all he could do was bump against it and say, "Whoa. Wait a second."

"What? Are you shy?" Kylie asked.

He knew the sort of mischief she could come up with and said, "No, but I am not running naked through the halls or something."

She rolled her eyes and said, "That's not it."

"So, what?"

"Taste the rainbow," she said, and then twitched her eyebrows. Her friends all laughed and whispered to each other behind her.

"Huh?"

She stroked her fingers over his crotch and said, "Just take them off."

"How do I know you're not all just going to take out your phones, snap pictures and tell me to leave?"

"Okay," she said, and then turned to her friends. "Give me two." Sophia opened the box, took out two packages of Skittles, and handed them to the redhead.

Kylie passed them along to him and said, "There you go. Two for the shirt. Five for the pants."

He saw Sophia holding up the bags of candy to emphasize the good faith of the offer.

What the hell, he thought. All five girls were hot, and he had nothing to be ashamed of. He sat the Skittles down on the corner of a desk and lifted a foot to pull off his shoe.

The girls responded with cheers of, "Whoo hoo!" and "Take it off!"

Once he'd pulled off both shoes and socks, he reached for his belt. Kylie started chanting a bow chikka wow porno track, and the other girls joined in. Despite his earlier convictions, he felt his face growing warm as he unhooked his belt and unbuttoned his jeans. In hopes of covering up the feeling, he quickly pushed his jeans down and kicked them away to a chorus of lewd compliments.

He held out his hand for the candy as he stood in front of them in his boxers.

"You're not done yet," Kylie said.

He smiled and said, "You said pants. You didn't say anything about underwear."

"You knew what I meant," Kylie countered. She swept a finger in a downward gesture and said, "Take them off."

He knew thinking about it wasn't going to make it any easier, and that Kylie wasn't going to relent, so he dropped his draws.

"Hello," a wide-eyed Jun exclaimed, setting off a peal of laughter.

Kylie grabbed the candy and handed it to him. She looked back at her friends and said, "Told you."

"You weren't lying," Trina agreed.

"Let's see it hard," Sophia said.

Brett held up the candy and said, "Five more."

Kylie wrapped her hand around his manhood and said, "Three. You're already getting a handjob out of it."

There was no holding back his grunt of pleasure with the redhead squeezing and caressing his cock, so he said, "Okay. Three."

"You go, girl," Amanda said as he hardened in Kylie's grasp.

"Yeah, you go," Trina chimed in.

Sophia said, "Make it hard."

It didn't take long.

"So, do you want the rest of the box?" the redhead asked as she stroked his fully erect manhood.

His voice husky from her continued attention, he asked, "What do I have to do for it?"

"I already told you — taste the rainbow."

He opened his mouth to ask what that meant, but then it dawned on him when Kylie stuck out her tongue and flicked it up and down. One black, one white, one Asian...

The rainbow was right in front of him.

"You get it?" Kylie asked, seeing the recognition in his eyes.

"Go down on all of you?"

Amanda said, "Time to find out if you're as good as she says you are."

Kylie nodded and said, "So..."

He didn't need any time to contemplate that. "Works for me."

The girls laughed and stood up. Kylie used the convenient handle already in her hand to pull him toward the bed, and said, "Lay down."

Brett slid onto the mattress, and the girls didn't waste a second before sitting down on the edges near his waist.

"Jun gets to go first. She needs it more than any of us," Kylie said. "But first..."

His eyes widened when Sophie produced two pairs of handcuffs that had been hidden under the mattress.

"It's this, or we're done," Kylie said as she took one set of the handcuffs from her friend.

"I..." he began, but the look Kylie fixed him with told him that she meant what she'd said. If he didn't agree to the handcuffs, the game was over. Panic warred inside him with excitement. He'd never been with anyone but white girls, and he was about to hit the jackpot. He'd also be a hero to the team when he showed up with the candy — and the points.

When she grabbed his wrist, he swallowed hard, but didn't put up a fight.

Sophie and the redhead tightened the cuffs on his wrist, and then pulled his hands up and out, cuffing them to the headboard. He was on the verge of telling Kylie he'd changed his mind as his heart raced. The last click hadn't even sounded when Jun climbed over him.

"Get some," Trina encouraged her sister.

He had but a moment to see her lack of panties under the skirt and a shadowy glimpse of her shaved pussy before it descended to his mouth. It was enough to stomp down his panic.

Jun gasped and flinched away for a fraction of a second when he snaked his tongue out and between her nether lips. She could no more see what he was doing than he could see anything in the darkness beneath her skirt, and the touch must have caught her off guard.

She quickly recovered and pressed her folds against his lips.

Brett parted her labia with his tongue and gave her a deep, broad tongued lap. She shuddered atop him, and he heard her whimper over his own hungry moan. Next was a rapid tongue wiggle at the apex of her lips, which drew a squeal.

"I told you he was good," Kylie said.

He meant to live up to that compliment.

With no hands and limited range of movement to work with between her thighs, he made due. A twist and lift of his head let him suck on one of her labia. Tilting his head down let him probe her canal, and placed the tip of his nose right over her hood.

His tongue wasn't the only one at work.

At the same time as he jumped to Jun's clit, he felt a lick on the left side of his glans. The girls laughed at the bouncing response of his hard organ. He grunted in surprise, but didn't let it distract him from the task at hand. A stab of his tongue slipped it beneath her hood, and he lapped the bud hard.

"Look how red her face is," Trina said.

Amanda then asked, "Doing good, huh?"

A breathless and squeaky, "Uh huh," was Jun's answer to that.

Another tongue swiped his cockhead. Then someone gave it a light smack from the opposite side. Meanwhile, Jun shifted position to grind her pussy into his face. The air beneath her skirt was hot, and thick with the scent of her arousal.

He was loving every second of it.

"Okay, time to switch," Kylie announced.

Jun answered that with a plaintive, "No."

Brett wasn't helping encourage her to get up with his tongue going full-bore on her clit.

"Everyone gets a turn before his tongue gives out on him," Kylie reiterated.

"Besides, he's just going to be hungry again in an hour," Sophia joked, which earned her a playful slap on the shoulder from Amanda.

Jun groaned in frustration and jerked away far enough for her skirt to uncover his eyes. She hovered over him, breathing heavily for a couple of seconds before swinging her leg over his body.

"Damn, girl," Trina said when she saw the wetness on Brett's face.

Jun sat down heavily in a chair and clamped her legs together, still panting.

Trina rose up on her knees and said, "Time for me to get some of that."

He didn't even get a glance up her skirt before she sat on his face. It was the smooth skin pressed against his lips and the curls tickling his nose that told him what he couldn't see in the darkness. Her scent was headier than Jun's — different, but no less intoxicating. So, he sent his tongue straight into the source.

Trying to demonstrate his skills on her proved a lost cause within a few heartbeats. Trina slipped her fingers behind his head, pulling him tight against her, and rode his face. All he could really do was keep his tongue moving.

It seemed to do the trick.

"Ah yeah. Get in there," she cried out amidst a series of sharp moans.

Someone pulled his cock straight up, and then let go so it slapped against him. He heard Jun say something, although he couldn't make it out with Trina's thighs muffling his ears.

Trina chided, "Don't you stop," and tugged at the roots of his hair.

Brett got his tongue back up to speed, and her fingers relaxed. Nothing else did, though. She kept grinding her pussy hard against his lips and tongue. His face was hot, and his cheeks had the burn of mild chafing, but he wasn't going to let it stop him.

Not that he was sure Trina would have let him anyway.

Again, someone stood his cock up straight. This time, a condom settled over the tip. As it rolled down his erection, he thought it felt odd and constricting. The latex had barely reached his root when the mattress dipped next to his leg.

"Mmm! Mmm hmm! Mmm hmm!" Trina moaned. The flow of her juices grew tangier, and the movement of her hips jerkier.

At the same time, cloth draped over his legs and stomach. A different hand gripped his manhood, and he realized one of the girls was mounting him reverse cowgirl when his latex-shrouded cock slipped between her nether lips.

Trina's wild ride ceased, and she spat out, "Suck it." With her hood crushed against his lips, it wasn't hard to figure out what she meant.

He sucked her hood and clit between his lips, and she yelped. At the same time, Jun gave herself away by squealing as she sank down on his cock. Again, the sensation was unusual. Though he could feel her walls squeezing as he slid inside her, it was muted.

Brett sucked Trina's clit hard and rolled it with his tongue. Her breaths came in rapid bursts, often emerging as whimpers or grunts, and her fingers once again pulled his hair.

"Are you gonna come, you cheating bitch?" Amanda asked.

The ebony hottie answered with a warbling scream as she did just that.

"Pop at the drop of a hat," Kylie said over the cacophony.

He managed to hold onto Trina's clit for a few seconds as the spasms of her orgasm rocked her. When the throbbing bud popped free, she was still well within reach of his tongue, though. A choked off cry escaped her as he licked her wet heat.

"And I don't think she's the only one," Kylie said in a singsong voice, and then laughed.

While her sister came on his face, Jun rode him hard. His butt sank into the mattress. The hem of her skirt danced on his skin. He could feel the tips of her fingers brushing his shaft as she frigged her clit. High-pitched weepy cries burst from her lips every time his tip slammed into her depths.

Trina cried out, "Ah, shit," and leaned forward to grip the headboard. She lifted her pussy away from him, and looking beneath the hem of her skirt, he could see flashes of Jun's tight ass peeking out from beneath hers, and smacking his thighs.

"Are you playing with yourself?" Amanda asked.

Sophia said, "Well..." but that was all he could understand when Jun loosed a banshee's wail.

She trembled atop him, her first scream trailing off into a gasp, only to have a second follow hot on its heels. She suddenly pitched forward, catching herself on one arm and lifting off his cock. She dropped face-down into the mattress, letting Brett get a good look at the rubber. It was more opaque than he expected. Between that and the loss of sensation, he assumed it was some brand of extra strength condom.

With the cry died down and her sorority sister quivering, Sophia repeated, "I wouldn't have to if Trina would get out of the way."

Amanda looked away and waved her hand toward him. "Go ahead. Save the real caliente for last."

Sophia spat, "Cono."

"Puta," Amanda answered right back — though they were both smiling.

Trina's legs trembled as she straightened over her knees. Kylie and Sophia offered hands to steady her as she climbed out of the bed.

Brett worked his jaw muscles and rolled his head back and forth to relax the tightness as best he could. He knew he was far from done. Kylie leaned over and patted Jun on the back.

"You okay?" she asked her still prone friend.

Jun muttered something unintelligible, and then her body quaked from an aftershock.

"So, when did we make that part of the deal?" Brett asked, nodding at his latex-shrouded erection.

"Fringe benefits," the redhead answered. "If you're going to wag your tongue, put it to some good use."
