 As soon as Grace was in the carpeted hallway, Duke's bedroom door closed, it was like what had happened in there was a dream. She was surprised at herself. She had started it, hadn't she? By grinding her ass on to him, of all the subtle moves to pull. She hadn't thought about it, just followed her desires and let her body do what it wanted. 

He'd been so sweet. Letting her have the bed then coming in to cuddle her when she was cold. So sweet, but also so deliciously masculine, with a hair-trigger hardon ready to fuck her at that small moment of invitation. Her body still tingled with the echoes of his touch, the warm glow of pleasure still lingering between her legs. Her mind was still trying to process all of the sensory information that had just flooded in; she still didn't have an ordered narrative for the images like the feel of his skin, the sound of his breathing and the little pulses she had felt inside when he came. 

She washed herself in the bathroom, wiping the slick wetness of his mingled cum and her own lubrication. She looked at her flushed face in the mirror and for once saw what others saw when they told her she was stunning. She'd always thought those compliments were generous kindness, and that she was a shy Plain Jane that people felt sorry for. But seeing her rosy lips and feminine face framed by the waves of silky hair she usually tied up neatly in a bun, she thought, maybe I am beautiful. 

It occurred to her that this was a ridiculous realisation to have, standing in the bathroom with cum dribbling out of her after a quick fuck of her friend's brother, but she didn't really care. She felt gorgeous. 

She realised that they had stopped making noise in Tash's room. Grace had left them in the middle of playful laughter, but she didn't know how flirtatious it had been. Tash's default way of relating to people was kind of flirtatious, so maybe that hadn't meant anything. And Tash had been pretty clear with Steven in the bar that there wasn't going to be sex tonight, she was inviting him over for xbox only. 

But maybe she'd only said that because she though Grace would be sleeping in the same room. Maybe getting Grace to sleep in Duke's room was a good way to get her out of the way so she could break the 'only xbox' rule. 

Grace didn't know if she should go back to Tash's bedroom. She knew she didn't really want to sleep, but maybe she should give them privacy. She stepped softly over to the door, and tried to listen in. She couldn't hear anything, but maybe they were quietly doing something sexy. Grace imagined them kissing each other softly, and it just didn't seem right. She couldn't imagine Tash doing anything quietly. She decided to open the door a little, see if they were doing something, and if they were, she would leave them alone and go try to sleep on the lumpy couch. 

She opened the door a little. The TV screen still sent out dim green light, shadows flickering in the room. With the door open, she could hear the buttons of the xbox controller being mashed. So they were still gaming. She relaxed and opened the door wide. Steven was still sitting on the cushion on the floor, wrapt in the same game. Tash was in bed, snuggled under the purple doona, asleep. Steven looked up at Grace and smiled. 

"Victory sleep. She won." 

Shutting the door behind her, Grace came and sat next to him on the floor. "You getting some more practice in?" 

"Yeah. Can't believe I got beat by a girl. This is the only game I'm good at, too. Least I thought I was good. Do you wanna play?" He offered her a controller. 

"It would help with your ego if I did, but, no, I honestly don't want to play. I hate these type of games. Probably because I'm so woefully bad at them." 

"Damn, I was kinda hoping you'd help with my ego. What's up with you, anyhow, can't sleep? Not a hammock person?" 

She laughed and nodded. She remembered that Duke had said she was 'not a hammock person', too. 

God Duke was sweet. It felt so weird to be sitting there chatting just minutes after she'd been in Duke's room. In Duke's bed. She was awash with remembering how that night she had felt Duke's big cock sliding in and out of her, his body heat warming her inside and out. 

"Yeah, me either. I'm usually a night owl, though. Are there any games you like?" Steven asked. 

Grace snapped out of thinking about Duke and rummaged through Tash's basket of games, picking out a cute role playing one that was more her thing. 

They spent the next half an hour choosing the right hats, haircuts and style for their characters, keeping their laughter and chatter quiet so as to not wake Tash. Before going to Duke's room, Grace hadn't really thought of Steven as attractive, but it was like Duke had woken up something in her. 

As they played their little game, she noticed Steven's cute smile, his masculine neck with it's bulging adam's apple and his deep voice. She watched his hands nimbly flick the controller and thought about whether he'd touch her with the same rough tenderness as Duke had. When he laughed, she noticed that she could see the muscles tensing in his torso through the fabric of his shirt. 

Duke's body had felt so much stronger than her own. She'd never really been into a gym bro aesthetic with bulging biceps, but Duke wasn't bulky, just fit. Before she'd felt his body she had no idea how sexy it was to feel the power of male strength, channelled into pleasuring her and taking his pleasure from her. She noticed the muscularity of Steven's body. He too, was no gym junky, just a young guy who obviously stayed active. 

She noticed with excitement that Steven had been looking at her, too. Excitement she had no intention of acting on, of course. She had done enough to extend the boundaries of her sexual adventurousness for one night, without coming on to another man she barely knew. She was content to just enjoy her new found awareness of the sexual beauty of men. 

Steven yawned. "Where are you going to crash, Grace? Tash told me to take the other half of her bed. But if you're not keen on Duke's hammock, I'll leave you two girls to sleep in here. The couch out there looked big enough for me." Steven was genuinely offering to leave her with a comfortable bed and go sleep on a couch that would be quite long enough for her to stretch her short body on, but that would have him hanging half his taller frame over the side. She was touched. 

It was like, as well as suddenly having a rich awareness of male sex appeal, she was also being treated to incredible sweetness and desire to look out for her that seemed to her entwined with that sexyness, and she just wanted to take all the men in the world into a bed with her and wrap her arms around their beautiful bodies. 

"Oh god, Steven, you have no idea how lumpy that couch is. You should definitely sleep in here, but do you think I could fit in there, too? I don't want to go back and wake Duke." 

"Yeah, of course. Megabed Pillow Fort is big enough for all of us." 

They climbed into the other side of the bed to Tash, with Grace going in the middle and Steven climbing in last. The movement woke Tash. 

"Oh, Gracey, you're back. How lovely. We're three in a bed, and youre the little one but you're not allowed to say roll over, okay," she mumbled, obviously still half asleep. 

Tash pulled Grace in for a big cuddle, and Grace was again reminded of what had happened only an hour before with her step brother. But it wasn't sexual this time, her cuddle was pure friendly affection and she hugged her sleepy friend in return.  

"Well, you two are the sweetest thing I've ever seen," Steven drawled. 

"Naw, Steven is left out of the cuddle. It's not because we don't like you, Steven, it's because you're too sexy and we won't be able to handle it." 

"I can handle you both, if that's the issue," Steven said with a sly grin. 

Tash jokingly covered Grace's ear. "Steven, you can't say things like that around little Graceygoo. She's an innocent." 

"Sounds coming from Duke's room werent too innocent, but okay, I'll shoosh, I respect your One Rule. I'm here for Xbox and the possibility of pancakes. Sleeping next to two fine ladies is an unexpected bonus." 

"Wait , what? What sounds?" Tash looked at Grace, questioningly. Then, she broke into a smile. "You didn't? Did you go and give old Duke some loving? You cheeky little sexual being." 

Grace blushed and giggled like an idiot. 

"I don't know what happened. I just went in there to sleep and he was really nice and..." 

"And he put on the old Duke charm, is what happened. You know what, I can understand. This might be a weird thing to say, but whatever- if he wasn't my step brother, I'd be all over him. And he is sweet as hell, I'm sure he looked after you, if you know what I mean. And you do. You cheeky little sexpot." 

Steven piped up, "I know what you mean- just sayin. And yeah, if I wasn't just here for xbox which I absolutely am grateful for, I would totally look after any one who needs looking after." 

Tash kept talking over Steven. "And you loved him and left him and you've come in here to take my Steven. Wow, Grace. Talk about hospitality. I have served up two willing and lovely men for you. Next time at least bring a box of chocolates to even things out a bit." 

Despite being talked over, Steven continued, "I am willing and lovely but I don't know how I feel about being served up. I think I like it. Do we have any chocolate sauce? Everything's better with chocolate sauce." 

"Stop it." Grace chided, "I did not come in here for your Steven. I came in here because I couldn't sleep. But if I'm interrupting something, I'm sorry Tash, I really thought you were just going to sleep. I can make myself scarce." 

"I'm joking Grace, you cute little sexpot. But now that you're a sex driven woman of the world, I have a bit of a crazy idea." 

Grace didn't say anything, just looked at her friend questioningly. "Steven here says he's lovely and willing. And I've kind of always wanted to share a guy with another girl. I'm straight as can be, but the idea of two of us having one guy is just hot to me for some reason." 

"Um, holy shit," Steven said. "No pressure Grace, but that sounds like a really good idea. I am behind that 100%" 

"Um, yeah. Maybe," Grace said, in a quiet voice. 

They were all quiet for a moment. Then Tash moved over and patted the spot between her and Grace. "You scooch in here, Steven. Piggy in the middle." 

Steven carefully climbed over Grace, not yet ready to get too intimate with her by pressing his body close. He lay in between them, not really knowing what to do next. 

Tash wrapped her leg across him and gave him a short kiss on the mouth. She looked over at Grace. She gave Steven a longer, more sensual kiss on the mouth. She could feel with her leg across him that he was very hard. 

"Your turn, Grace." she pulled away from Steven, and lay with her head on her hand, watching the other two. Grace giggled nervously. 

Then she rolled over in a similar position to Tash and kissed Steven. He brushed her hair away from he face and his fingertips lightly brushed her neck, sending shivers of arousal through her body. She rubbed her leg against him a little, feeling how wonderfully har he was. She felt Tash's hand delicately lookin for what was under Grace's leg. She moved to let her touch him. Grace joined her with her own hand, both of them caressing Stevens' manhood, still covered by his pants, their hands lightly touching each others as they took turns moving over the landscape of his body. 

Tash moved her hand up under his shirt and felt his body while Grace grasped his erection in her hand, wanting to get a sense of its size, its hardness. Tash kissed Steven again, and he started to grope her, feeling her breasts, braless and soft through her shirt. Grace was still pressed up against him, and she started to grind herself against his side. She could feel that Tash was doing the same. 

It all felt wonderfully intimate and sexy. Grace wasn't really attracted to Tash sexually, but it was sexy how hot this was making Steven, and it was sexy to see her kissing Steven. Tash was beautiful, and by watching Steven grope and kiss her passionately, it was like Grace kind of enjoyed Tash's sexyness though Steven. 

She felt Steven's hand glide over the outside of her thigh and grab her ass. He was doing the same to Tash with his other hand. Both of them went back to caressing his cock through his pants, like they were both fascinated by how hard he was. He moaned. Tash's hand slid from him to Grace's arm, and for a moment, she touched her arm and looked her in the eye, smiling. She seemed to be checking how Grace was feeling, so Grace smiled back. 

Tash sat up and took her shirt off, slowly, putting on a little show for Steven. Grace took her cue, and did the same. They both sat either side of Steven, with their breasts revealed in the warm lamplight of the room. They started caressing each other, looking at him, enjoying his enjoyment of their show. They kissed a little, soft lip kisses as they touched the softness of each others' bodies and looked over at Steven as if to show him their combined femininity, more than the sum of its parts. 

He had the right reaction, full of awe and desire of what was presented to him, he touched them both, roughly, frantically but also gently, wanting to touch it all at once but not able to, and wary of breaking whatever magic had conspired to bring this in front of him. 

They both giggled a little at his clumsy groping. Tash started undressing him. Kneeling either side of him, they both helped pull his pants off. His hardon lay flat on his body, pink against his pale skin, the head dripping with precum. 

They continued their soft caresses from before, this time their fingers tracing the silky skin of his bare cock, and lightly glancing over the delicate, moist tip. Tash crouched down and licked the shaft, starting at the base and running her tongue right up to the opening at the end, then circling around the head, tracing the sensitive line in the middle of the head, then kissing the shaft back down again to his balls, licking and kissing some more. She moved her head to one side so Grace could join her. Grace started at the tip, gently pressing her moist lips to it, then opening them bit by bit as she licked and moistened him even more. Then both of them licked the head of his cock, their lips touching at times, both of them smiling at each other playfully. They could both feel Steven's body getting tense as the pleasure built up, and neither were surprised when he said, "If you ladies don't stop that, I'm going to cum." 

But they didn't stop, they were having fun. They licked and teased his cock from different angles, each of them taking turns to take his length into their mouths to the back of their throat while the other licked him all around the base of his cock and the sensitive skin of his balls. His abs tightened as he got closer, and he finished just as Grace took her turn, taking his pulsating cock into her mouth as far as it would go, and swallowing his warm cum listening to his groans of pleasure. 

She felt like a bad girl, taking two men's cum into her body in one night, but it felt good. Tash laughed. "You won roulette." Grace smiled and wiped the cum from her lips. Tash took one more gentle suck of his sensitive cock, wanting to get a taste of his cum, too. 

Steven laughed with the intensity of it. "Oh god. That felt so fucking good." After taking a moment to catch his breath, he said, "Okay, you girls lie down here. You both need some looking after." 

He got up as they lay next to each other, cozying up affectionately. He pulled Tash's little sleep shorts off, revealing her shaven pussy. Then he took Grace's pants off and looked at both of them, his eyes darting from on to the other, "Fuck, "he said, incredulously. He knelt with his legs in between each of theirs, and started groping again, wanting to toch them both all over. His hands went to their pussies, and he slid his fingers in to both of them at the same time, enjoying the slightly different feel of the two bodies, both hot and wet. He fingered them both for a while, watching them touch each other's breasts playfully. 

"God, you're both so gorgeous." His cock had only softened a little after his orgasm, and it started to harden again. 

He knelt down towards Tash, and started to kiss her vulva, still fingering both of them, moving his fingers from inside them, up to their clit, circling around their clit, and plunging back into them. Then he slid his tongue 

Between her plump lips and licked Tash's clit, taking in the sweet salty taste of her arousal. She moaned and grabbed Grace's breast, firmly, nuzzling into her friend's neck. Pushing his fingers deep into her, Steven licked Tash's clit again, and again, firmly and slowly, pushing down her hood and circling around the hard little bump. She whimpered with pleasure. 

He kept going, with hs focus absorbed in licking, his fingers stopped moving, pushed deep inside the two girls. Grace started to move her hips onto him, fucking his fingers. It was so hot and she was so turned on she couldn't resist touching her throbbing clit, bringing herself escalating pleasure as she felt her friend writhe next to her, and Steven's fingers inside her. It felt so good. 

Tash wriggled around Steven's fingers, the sensation of his tongue circling her clit almost too much to take. She felt herself getting closer, and the feeling of Grace next to her, bouncing on Steven's hand, sent her over the edge. She throbbed with pleasure as she orgasmed, Steven's fingers jammed up inside her nice and deep. 

Leaving Tash to recover, Steven focused his attention on Grace. She was rubbing herself more quickly, bumping her hips up and down on his fingers, a little more roughly each time, impaling herself on him. After hastening her thrusts, he could feel her pussy throbbing around his fingers as she arched her back and came, shuddering with release. 

He looked at the two girls laying there, naked, prone and hazy with post orgasmic fatigue. Two gorgeous pussies open to him, two lithe bodies with their gorgeous female curves that he could touch. He was rock hard again. 

He noticed Tash opening her legs to him again, her smooth lips opened to show her glistening pink interior, still blushing deeper red from her climax. Leaning over her, he got himself into position, his cock pressed to her opening. She closed her eyes. Slowly, he pushed himself inside her, watching her face. Her mouth opened, her eyebrows raised, in an expression of pure deep bliss as he entered her fully. 

He started thrusting, deep, rough thrusts that he could see Tash was loving. With each thrust he was jamming his body hard up against her, hitting her clit with his weight. The impact made her body bounce deliciously, and Grace next to her also bounced with the motion of the bed, encouraging Steven to thrust harder to enjoy the show. 

Tash was letting out a soft 'uh' with each thrust, and she reached up to her pillow to grip it with her hands as if to have something to hold on to through the flood of pleasure. Grace snuggled in to her, their nipples touching and breasts bouncing together in a way that mesmerised Steven. 

Grace's hand moved between their bodies and found Tash's vulva. She started rubbing Grace's clit, while Steven thrusted into her, steadily increasing his speed as he reached another peak. 

Tash tried to quieten her 'uh's by biting her lip, making them into muffled "Mf's. 

Grace's gentle fingers and Steven's rough pounding sent her steadily climbing to another orgasm, and she felt Steven's cock spasm with cum just as she tipped over her own edge and throbbed with spasms of her own. 
