 Edited by angel love

Julie quickly pressed the intercom on her desk to tell her boss, Michael the news. The taster's Choice Awards committee had written to ask the agency to create a sequel show to the previous year. It was such a success that thousands of letters poured in both by those who wanted to give their feedback and those who wanted to audition for the next show. At that time, there hadn't been any plans for a repeat but deep down in Julie's mind, a sequel was in order. 

In Michael's office, Julie said, "Can you believe it? The TCA wants a repeat show?" 

"Unbelievable! I mean it was only a televised pussy eating contest!" he said as he glanced at his beautiful, secretary Julie. 

"Only?" she said in surprise. "Those four ladies were singing a symphony of moans and groans that had the listening and watching audience cumming like crazy!" 

They both chuckled in response at her description. They knew it was true but the TCA committee wanted a new game show with a new angle. The previous year's contest was to see if the color of pussy hair made the pussy sweeter. The results ended up in a tie. But the success of the show pleased the sponsors since profits on their products soared. 

Michael and Julie chattered back and forth to brainstorm some new ideas but found themselves at a loss, especially when it came to a new angle. After about an hour of coming up with nothing concrete, Julie decided to take matters into her own hands. 

"You know boss! Sometimes the best way to brainstorm is to actually role play characters. Like in last year's show!" she said in her warm, provocative voice. 

Her boss didn't catch her thought instantly but when he did, he smiled at his beautiful, blonde secretary. Julie was indeed pretty with a fantastic smile. Her blonde hair cascaded down to her shoulders in such a way that men as well as women stared in awe. Her figure was perfect, sporting 38-Cs that she always managed to hide well with the exception of her stimulating cleavage. She'd been his secretary for many years most of which she'd shared her charms completely with him. 

She smiled back sweetly, sensuously, and captivatingly. She knew he'd stare into her eyes for a while then as expected, drop his gaze to settle between her luscious breast melons. At the point where eyes lowered, she began to speak softly, telling him some of what she liked from the previous show. After a few moments, she did what she always did to let him know she had seduced him. 

"Gotcha!" she said as her ripple action cleavage snapped his head to attention. 

Immediately, he shook his head in shock for he knew he been had, for the umpteenth time. In response, the blonde giggled with delight for she knew her boss well. She loved him and would do anything for him, including giving her body completely to him in any way he wanted. Then Julie stood and walked over to the long, leather couch to the right of his desk. 

Turning her back to Michael, she began to unbutton her blouse while he watched lustfully. Removing it from her body, she cast it aside onto one of the nearby leather chairs. For a moment, his eyes caught the fullness of her bosom though covered with a lacy, white bra. Then she unfastened her skirt belt and allowed it to drop to the floor. 

In response to her striptease, his rod grew quickly inside his pants. He stroked it lightly knowing that in a matter of time, he would stuff it in any one of her sexy holes. Knowing he was watching, Julie continued to remove her articles of clothing until she stood with her panty-covered butt staring at him. That alone stimulated him to almost cum spurting proportions but he held back to watch till she stood, naked and ready for action. 

In a sexy voice, she said, "Want me to keep going?" 

"Oh baby! Please keep going!" he said in a lustful whisper. 

Julie then reached between her breasts and unsnapped her bra. Her full pillows of softness bounced freely with pink, pert nipples ready for play. He couldn't see them and she wanted it that way. The nakedness of her back caused a wave of hot lust to spread throughout his body. He fantasized licking her shoulders then nibbling down her spine to eventually enjoy the delight of the first inch of her forbidden crack. 

Once, she glanced at him to see if he was watching and lusting. What she found was one very hot boss practically tearing his clothes from his body. When he had stripped himself down to wearing only briefs, she made her last move. Reaching back to slide her fingers underneath the thin, elastic waist line of her panties, she suddenly pulled upward to force the material to bunch between her cheeks. 

"Oh Julie!" he proclaimed in an exhalation of lust. "Baby, you're so hot!" 

Before she could strip the rest of the way, Michael came behind her and yanked her panties down to the floor. He kissed her lobes and even bit one softly making her tingle with sexual anticipation. Then he stood and began to fondle his babe like she never was fondled in her life. She could feel his stiff rod press firmly into her ass cheeks while he reached around to enjoy her big breast melons. 

When he tweaked her nipples, however, she let out a squeal of delight. But unexpectedly, she spun her body to face him. As she did, he jumped back a little but soon found his hot babe pressed firmly against his body. Her lips pressed hard into his and immediately, his tongue drove deep inside her mouth. As they kissed and tongues played, she slid her hand down to rub his full length shaft. 

"My, my, Big Boy!" she said breathing deeply. "You're so big today!" 

Then without warning, she dropped to her knees, yanked his shorts down to the floor, and his big cock sprang free to slap her in the face. Giggling in response, she took it and began to lick it. His rod tasted good to her, sweet and a little salty too. When she'd licked its fullness from the sac of his balls to the head, she then opened her mouth and sucked him inside. 

"Damn, baby! Feels so good!" he said in a lustful reply. "Suck my hard dick, baby doll!" he insisted. 

Before he blew his load, however Julie released his shaft, stood, and grabbed him by the dick saying, "C'mon lover, let's go brainstorm on the couch!" 

Michael was ready for anything, especially a good blow job from Julie. She wanted to be eaten also and figured it might stimulate their brain cells to come up with a new game show. If not, then it certainly wouldn't hurt to try. 

"Why don't you lie on the couch honey? I'll mount you and ride you till I cum on your face," Julie said in a begging tone. 

Always happy to please, Michael moved to the couch and lay down on his back. He wanted her to mount his big dick, ride him for all she was worth, and then get off to clean his long rod free of her womanly juices. But instead, she threw her own leg over and mounted his face, straddling it backwards to ride his tongue while posing her own wanton mouth inches over his cock. 

"O-O-O-O-Oh Michael!" she shrieked in joyous response. "Fuck me with that tongue! Make me cum on your face!" she moaned loudly as her pussy wrapped sensuously around his invading tongue. 

Her movements were that of grinding her pussy down onto his face. Each time she lifted slightly, she wasted no time whatsoever in lowering it again. Her pussy tasted sweet, wet, and smelled slightly musky. His tongue pumped freely in and out of her cunt. This continued for a while till she began to press down harder. Faster and faster he pistoned his tongue into her delicious pussy till she screamed in orgasmic song. 

"O-O-O-O-OH, AIEAIEAEIIAIEIAI IAIEAIEOAEIAOEI AOEIOAEAOEIAOE!" Julie exploded. 

Her body came down as hard as it could on his fucking tongue. Julie threw her head back and fully enjoyed her cunt pump till all of her cum fluids soaked his face and tongue. When she could cum no longer, she lifted her sopping wet pussy from his face. Lingering, however, she lifted it only a few inches off so he could inhale her scent while she sucked his now raging cock. 

He moaned deeply when she grabbed it at the base and prodded the sensitive area below the crown. He was ready to blow and she knew it, wanted it, but let him fall short of his own climactic thrills. 

"Suck it, Julie! Suck my hard dick baby doll!" he demanded. "Take it into your mouth and suck my balls dry!" 

Julie playfully prodded his cock with her tongue until he couldn't stand it anymore. When he reached the point of forcing it into her mouth, she gave in and swallowed practically his entire seven and one-eighth inch rod. In response, he groaned and grunted loudly. 

"Suck me! Suck me! Suck me! Suck me! Suck me!" he demanded. 

Thick, creamy beads of delicious, white cum blasted deep inside her mouth. She swallowed as much as she could but pulled his shooting rod free to let his remaining cream coat her hungry tongue. And when he couldn't empty any longer, she licked the head clean of its seed . . . 

After they fell asleep in each other's arms, they slept for about an hour. When she awoke, she found her boss lying there looking at her. 

"Got any new ideas for a new angle boss?" spent Julie asked. 

"Yep! Sure do!" he said as he reached down and gave her tight ass a light spank. "Tell me something, Julie! Who eats you better?"

"Better?" she replied. "What do you mean?"

"You know! A man or a woman?" he inquired. 

As if the proverbial light suddenly went on, "That's it boss! You've done it again! That's our new angle!" she said as she climbed off his body and ran over to his desk to grab her notepad. 

Julie scribbled frantically while she said, "The ultimate game show challenge would be to pit the male species against the female species in a pussy eating contest!" 

"Yup!" her boss said. "Although we all know men eat women better, right Julie?" 

Clearing her throat, "Do they?" she said in defiant resolve. "We'll see after the show is over." 

Over the next month, the agency put out the word that the TCA committee was sponsoring a sequel game show called the Taster's Choice Awards – 2006. Letters, phone calls, emails poured in from the public, especially from thousands of the previous year's viewers. Many wanted to be one of the four ladies licked senselessly by the contestants. Others wanted to be one of the lucky lickers to eat a lady off to orgasm. The competition was tough but after much effort, Julie and her crew managed to choose four leading ladies. 

Of those, the first was a twenty-seven-year-old named Angela who had written in the year before giving feedback on the show and begging to be a part of the sequel. Second was a 31-year-old lady all the way from Holland, a buxom blonde named Anika. Third chosen was a 36-year-old woman named Mary Lou, a beautiful redhead with a smile that would certainly get a lot of attention. Fourth, was a woman from Canada named Cindy, a lady whose bio presented her as shy but ready for anything. 

When it came to picking the four female and male team members, Julie spent little time in weeding through biographical features. She created two teams to battle it out in the cunnilingus contest. A male team called the Mound Munchers and a female team known as the Pussy Pleasers. Even Traci, Mari, Setsiko, and Joan who played the leading ladies in the first game show agreed with the selections. As far as the contest rules were concerned, the TCA committee set the standards. 

"Three rounds of ten minutes, five minutes per team. Each round posed the Leading Ladies in a different position. Speaking was forbidden by any team member so genders would be in secret. Only the ladies being licked could speak, scream, or do whatever they wanted to sing their pleasure to the audience. Any part of the woman's body could be stimulated while that woman's twat was being tantalized, except for one and that meant no kissing whatsoever on the face," Julie said. 

When the day came for the Taster's Choice Awards – 2006, everyone involved had to be at the studio by noon. Lunch was provided by the agency then wardrobe went to work. The Leading Ladies were kept separate so they wouldn't know who their licker might be. With all set, the jazz band played various numbers to entertain the audience till the show started. It was a local band with the exception of a last minute change of a trumpet player not so affectionately known as Blurt. The musicians didn't like him whatsoever but had no choice since their regular lead player called in sick. 

At seven o'clock, the show began. The TCA President escorted Julie out onto the stage to set the mood. 

"Ladies and Gentlemen!" the TCA President said. "Last year's game was such a success that we decided to host another!" 

"This year's show will be even better!" Julie said. "The ultimate challenge to see who eats pussy better, men or women!" 

The audience cheered at the prospect of such a competition and so did one of the men in the jazz band. Fortunately, his fellow musicians managed to shut him up quickly. Even the band director warned him sternly to keep his mouth shut. 

Then the Leading Ladies were introduced, Angela first, Anika, Mary Lou, and then Cindy. When they walked out on stage wearing thigh high stockings fastened to thin garter belts and a pushup bra for each, the crowd went wild in lust filled cheers. Assistants blindfolded all four with bright red scarves so they would never know which team was working on them. Then each lady took her place on the extremely soft mattresses located on stage. Under each head was a very soft cushioned pillow. Each gorgeous lady found her most comfortable position on her back, then spread her legs full to give the viewing audience a shot they'd never forget. 

With four absolutely hot, ready to be licked pussies posed for pleasure, Julie sounded the buzzer to start round one. The Mound Munchers won the coin toss so four men walked silently out on stage and took their positions at the ends of the mattresses. The sexual tension in the room had already built to quite a high. Men in the audience secretly thought the men should just dive in and eat the babes senselessly. 

Angela was lucky enough to have an older man who was more experienced, so he began by lightly caressing her body from her beautiful shoulders down to her soft, flat belly. Almost immediately, she let out some coos and sighs of pleasurable proportion. He lightly stroked her breasts then followed each stroke with a gentle tweak of the nipples. The result was electrifying and delicious. In response, sexy Angela sang out with complete approval. 

Cindy followed suit as she trembled with a sexual thrill from fingers that walked from her ankles up her stocking-covered legs to her belly. Over and over the process was repeated until she let out some begging phrases of lust. She could have sworn this must have been a female working her over since the touch was so light and gentle. Tweaking her own nipples, she moaned deeply until those fingers walked onto her soft, round melons. At that point, she surrendered her buds to the licker's skillful pinches only to feel a rush of tingling sensations crawl up and down her body. 

From there, the buxom blonde, Anika pleaded for a full body massage. Her personal licker had done his best to lightly caress her thighs both inside and out. She begged the mystery person to continue upwards to her big, round breasts. But he chose not to so sexual tension could build more quickly. Finally, she let out a moan and begged deeply for her caresser to fondle and squeeze her Dutch titties and breast buds. 

Each lady had a single microphone suspended overhead; close enough so any sexual sounds were detected. In minutes, sighs, moans, groans, and a few shrieks of lust filled the stage and the ears of the listening audience. 

Oddly enough, Mary Lou remained silent as her stimulator sat between her legs and rubbed her pubic region. She felt little to no pleasure and rightly so. He was the youngest of the four men probably no more than twenty years old. Awkwardly, he plunged one finger in her pussy but seemed to be getting himself off more than he did her. As the half way bell sounded, she started to express her disapproval. 

"C'mon! C'mon! You're doing nothing to please me!" she said in a frustrated voice. 

That made the inexperienced young man flush with red. He knew well that the audience would know it was his own lack of understanding but he didn't know how to change his method. He couldn't ask since speaking was taboo. At the final minute of play, he decided to do what his teammates were doing so he pulled his semi wet finger from her red-haired pussy and started to fondle her body. It wasn't gentle so he still left her wanting in the pleasure category. 

When the five minute buzzers sounded, the four left the stage. All were smiling at what they deemed to be a good start. The older man had coached them to some extent not to go in licking at the start. Fortunately for that team he had but the youngest one had basically lost Mary Lou's vote for the round. 

After the Pussy Pleasers took their places, none of them even got on the mattresses. All four started by standing at the woman's heads and reaching down to blow air on various parts of the body. Each Leading Lady felt the stimulating breath of air caress her neck, chest, and breasts. Three of the women even kissed their lady softly lightly flicking their tongues over the tops of the nipples they teased. This resulted in some serious flailing of the thighs. The other lady did a combination of kissing, blowing, and tongue jabs starting from the neck and traveling downward to just above the pussy fir. 

Mary Lou went wild as sensations of tingling lust overwhelmed her. She cried out her thrill and begged for more. Her voice in obvious approval sent the others into a frenzy of hot lust. 

"O-O-O-O-O-O-O yes!" Anika squealed as her body was being ravished by a licker's tongue and wandering finger tips. 

"Play with me! Finger me! Do whatever you want to me!" was Angela's demanding cry. 

In response to her pleasures, Cindy dug her heels into the bed while her legs were spread wide. She lifted her ass off the mat as if to offer her pussy to everyone in the studio audience. When she cried out with such a pleading voice that it overpowered the microphone, the audience went wild. Men were already either stroking there own cocks or letting their dates do them. Glazed looks of hot lust covered the audience even though nobody had even ventured to taste a pussy on stage to that point. 

Then without warning, Blurt, the misfit trumpet player suddenly yelled out, "Fuck that hot babe's pussy or I will!" 

Quickly, his fellow musicians silenced the idiot lest he ruin the show. He wasn't supposed to speak but he wasn't a team member either. The director sternly warned him to keep silence. He did but his cock raged for Cindy's hot cunt. 

At the half way bell, the four Pussy Pleasers moved into cunnilingus position. Each posed herself between her lady's legs and started licking ever so lightly up to that woman's hot aromatic mound. They specifically avoided lashing the clits so the build up of steaming lust might drive the ladies insane with passions. As if each one knew exactly what the other was doing, they started tasting the slits before them. 

Angela's licker poked her tongue just inside the babe's slit, and then dragged it upward toward her swollen clit. Angela let out a scream of hot lust. Next, Anika's licker did just the same sending the Dutch babe into a state of shutters that made everyone think she was going to cum. Mary Lou was humping up and down as her licker slid her tongue just inside her cunt and licked upward to taste her sweet flow. But when Cindy felt the tip of her lickers tongue just inside her wanton pussy, she let out a deep groan that went quickly into a high-pitched squeal. 
