 Edited by angel love

Confidently, the four Pussy Pleasers walked out on the stage and kneeled onto the pillows. With the utmost gentleness, each lifted their hands to pose their fingertips just above the tops of each stocking-covered leg. Blowing softly but purposefully into the hot, wet muff of the women, the lickers proceeded to unsnap the garter belts from the leg coverings. Slowly, they pulled the stockings down to reveal each leg as it ought to be. From time to time, they poked and prodded the pussy lips before them. Tingling feelings of lust traveled again through Angela, Cindy, Anika, and Mary Lou. 

Back stage, the Mound Munchers planned their five minute strategies. The older man warned them to spend more time pleasing without eating the woman hungrily. But the three didn't listen to him supposing him to be too old to know what really thrilled a lady. He rolled his eyes at them and did whatever he could but to no avail. 

Back on stage, four Pussy Pleasers did everything from kissing, blowing, caressing, and even a light pat on their gorgeous bottoms. The Leading Ladies giggled and writhed in response, all speaking moans of pleasure and thrill. By the time they reached the halfway point, all stockings had been removed leaving each woman helpless to her lickers' whims. 

Suddenly Anika yelled out, "Yes! Yes! Yes! Lick my legs and eat my pussy!" "Me too!" Cindy moaned loudly.

"Do it honey? Eat me now lover!" pleaded Angela. 

Mary Lou's head was thrown back her mouth agape but no sounds proceeded from it. Her body however, writhed in absolute lust as her licker's tongue mixed with caressing fingers dragged up her thighs to rest on her pussy. With twenty seconds to go, she let out a shrill plea for an orgasm. 

"Oh-Ah-Oh-Ah eat my red mound!" she pleaded. "Ram your tongue up my slit! Fu-fu-fuck me with that tongue!" 

At her words, Blurt stood up in the orchestra pit and yelled out that he wanted to fuck the redhead next. The audience went wild. Many had already removed their clothes. Dates were either spreading their legs to be eaten or sucking and licking their date's hard cock. Moans and groans filled the studio while sound technicians turned dials to buffer all the rage of sexual lust. 

When Julie finally sounded the five minute buzzer, the Pussy Pleasers had the Leading Ladies built to an all time high. As they left the stage, they smiled sweetly at the Mound Munchers knowing each man could easily bring his babe off in minutes. After all, they'd built them to the point of no return so it should have been easy. Of course the Munchers smirked in complete over confidence at their abilities to please women. 

As four men stepped onto the stage, they trotted over to their babes and immediately went to work on four swollen, wet clits. Three went in too quickly, however, and the result was disastrous. Anika, Mary Lou, and Cindy hissed in pain from direct stimulation of their clits. Three tongues lashed awkwardly and after a few seconds, the three ladies began to complain. 

"Ouch!" Mary Lou screamed. 

"Too hard!" Cindy growled.

"Stop it damn it!" Anika demanded. 

But Angela's licker was the older man who took his time in bringing her to one of the hottest orgasm she'd ever known. He counted on the fact that the Pussy Pleaser before him had built her up to this point so he kept her dangling on the climactic edge as long as he could. Angela pinched and pulled on her hard, pink nipples as her cries of pleading lust bellowed forth midst the hissing and complaining of the others. 

When Angela's licker finally slid his right-hand between her parted legs and rested it firmly on the roundness of her ass, she let out a deep moan that quickly fanned into high pitch squeals of pleasure. To stimulate her further, he pulled his fingers between her cheeks and rested his thumb on her anal pucker. Her body rocked and writhed in orgasmic dance. 

"OoooooooooooooooohIEAIEAEIAIEIAEIAIEIAIIEIIEIAIEIAEI! Suck me, suck me, suck me suck me, suck me!" she squealed as cameras went in for close-ups. 

Her face was so contorted with an orgasmic thrill that nobody would have recognized her if Anika wouldn't have called out her name. But as her contortions faded into the sweet bliss of fulfillment, she smiled and relaxed. Her licker licked sweetly enjoying the taste of his babe's warm cum on his lips. 

Back stage, the Pussy Pleasers quickly changed their plans. The Leading Ladies cast their votes, three of them fully dissatisfied at what they'd just experienced from the second team. When the oldest Pussy Pleaser whispered that Angela needed pampering and the others needed to cum, her three teammates smiled. Each knew just what to do. 

But when the Mound Munchers came backstage, three looked at the old man knowing full well they'd blown it except for him. He shook his head as if to tell them he'd warned them but they hadn't listened. Their only hope was to dazzle the pussies to tingling passion in the first part of the third round. So he whispered his plans to the now listening men. 

While the jazz band played, the assistants helped the Leading Ladies to position themselves with legs parted and standing on the four mats that replaced the pillows. The blindfolds were removed to give each lady a rest and a drink of water if she so desired. Giggles, smiles, and the like filled the air but microphones were turned off during the commercials. The assistants removed every article of clothing off the ladies leaving them fully naked to the studio audience. 

Several orgasmic screams and grunts came forth from that audience. This stimulated Anika, Mary Lou, and Cindy, especially considering they'd not had a good previous round. Angela still smiling just stood and blew kisses to her friends. She'd had a wonderful second round full of stimulating and orgasmic release. If her lickers could pull that off again, she wouldn't care who won the contest. 

Four blindfolds were replaced with new ones and snugly wrapped around the heads of the Ladies. Julie pressed the buzzer to signal the beginning of the third and final round. Four Mound Munchers returned to the stage to lie on their backs so the Leading Ladies could mount their faces and tongues. Audience approval sounded in a wild exhalation of hoots, hollers, and the like. As everyone tried to calm down, the Ladies were given assistance to straddle their licking victims for a last time. 

Now fully naked and ready for action, big tit Anika moaned loudly as her pussy lips parted from mounting an extended tongue. Mary Lou called out her name as her own red-hot mound felt its invader slide between her sopping wet cunt. Cindy and Angela also felt the thrills of tongues lap at their open slits. Their heads went back to fully show their wanton approval. And when each felt comfortable in position, the riding began. 

"Oh fuck me with your tongue, honey!" Mary Lou said to the audience who faced her milky white body. Her red hair a mess but all from thrills earlier. She moaned and groaned as her personal licker's tongue pumped deep inside only to pull out and lash on either side of her clit. Then Cindy's body started the familiar humping of a wanton lady riding a cock. Her licker's tongue went wild inside her making her moan and groan with a build up of lust. Angela followed next with phrases of pleading lust to pump her cunt with a fucking tongue. But when Anika threw her head back just as thirty seconds remained before the end of the Mound Muncher's final attempts, she ground her cunt down hard and screamed out her thrills. 

Her body writhed, her large breasts bounced, her squeals filled the air, and her pussy flooded the eater's mouth like the Hoover Dam broke. So intense was her orgasm that Blurt once again yelled out his desires. Mary Lou yelled for him to shut up then shuttered in her own orgasmic thrills. The Leading Ladies went wild to expend their pleasures on the Muncher's faces. Mouths were filled with juices like they'd never known before. Orgasm after orgasm seemed to continue as each one rode her fucker's tongue with reckless abandonment. 

Mary Lou had to be pulled off her pumping tongue by an assistant when Julie sounded the buzzer to end the Muncher's session. The Leading Ladies panted and as an assistant helped them to stand. Orgasmic juices coated legs as it ran down trembling thighs. Then without warning, the Pussy Pleasers took their positions lying on their backs. When the riding continued, however, each lady was practically spent. 

Knowing this, the Pussy Pleasers gently kissed and blew air on four spent canals. Angela reveled in her sensations, her head rocking back and forth as she sought to fulfill every last ounce of pleasurable fulfillment. Anika, Mary Lou, and Cindy did exactly the same with their lickers. They enjoyed the gentle tongue probes and kisses each one received. At the half away point of their session, something happened to stimulate them on. 

Blurt, the rank, rogue trumpet player stood defiantly in his chair and challenged the Leading Ladies saying, "If you can't cum any more than that, I'll come up on stage and pump all of you in all three holes!" 

Sudden shock filled the faces of Anika, Cindy, Mary Lou, and Angela. The thought of being pumped senseless by a wimp like Blurt angered them equally. All four pressed down hard on their pursuer's tongues and sucking lips. Each one was determined to get one more thrill out of the game if it was the last thing she did. 

While they rode the Pleaser's tongues with great skill, a strong security guard snatched Blurt from the orchestra pit. He dragged the loud mouth back stage, gagged him, and bound him tightly to a chair. The rest of the band left their posts and went after to make sure Blurt didn't blurt out any more. Even his trumpet came along although the audience had no idea of what would be done with it. 

Tension built in the studio as women bounced, rocked, and ground their pussy mounds hard on four seemingly helpless faces. Nipples were pinched by the pussy Pleasers while groans filled the air. Reaching the last fifteen seconds, the audience sat on the edge of their chairs, all wondering if they could pull off one more thrill before Julie would sound the buzzer for the last time. Women stopped sucking their dates to watch anxiously. Men ceased licking their dates to do the same. 

With five seconds to go, all orgasmic heaven broke loose. Loud screams bellowed out of Mary Lou as her cunt once again convulsed on her Pleaser's face. 

"AIEIEIEEIEIIIIAIEIIEIAIEIAEIAIEIAIEIAEIIAEIAIIEFUCK!" flooded from the studio speakers as Cindy sprayed cum all over her eater's face and neck. 

The bouncing breasted blonde, Anika grunted deeply, then her thrills flooded her licker's face. Slurping filled the microphones, poured out of the speakers, and sent shivering waves of hot sensations throughout the now humping audience. 

With one second to go, Angela reached the edge and jumped blindly into the orgasmic abyss. While the buzzer sounded to end the third round, Angela heard nothing. Her body humped, writhed, and jerked liked she was having a seizure but she rode her licker till all pleasure was gone. A final commercial break started leaving four spent ladies in the arms of assistants as they pulled them off the last team. Four wet faced Pussy Pleasers then left the stage. 

Four assistants removed the blindfolds as orgasm sounded in the studio audience. The Leading Ladies were toweled off, hugged, and allowed to sit in comfortable chairs to cast their last votes. When all were recorded, the assistants handed them to Julie and the President. By then the band minus one stupid trumpet player had returned to play a final number as the last commercial ran. 

Finally, the TCA President stood along with Julie at the podium. He handed Julie the tallied votes for each round. She opened the envelope and read it, then laid it down to smile at her boss Michael. Then Julie proclaimed the tally. 

"In round one, the women won hands down with four votes! In round two, the women won but with only three votes!" 

Angela smiled for she remembered the licker who had done so well that round to bring her off. Little did she know it was the older man although he was only in his early forties. 

"But round three!" and Julie paused for effect. "In round three; it was a tie of four votes per team!" 

As everyone did the math, they quickly realized that the Pussy Pleasers had won the cunnilingus contest thus winning the Taster's Choice Awards – 2006. 

"So!" the TVA President said. "Pussy Pleasers 11, Mound Munchers 5!" 

The male inhabitants booed while the females stood in an ovation to cheer their victory. When the TCA President managed to calm the crowd, he announced that the winners of that year's game show would split one million dollars. Checks were given to each of the Pussy Pleasers. The Mound Munchers all received a copy of the board game as a consolation prize, only to be met with hilarious laughter over their loss. 

Still, each man was pleased by having the opportunity to lick a beautiful woman's pussy for a total of fifteen minutes and have the taste all over his face. Angela, Anika, Mary Lou, and Cindy all received handsome checks of one million dollars apiece. A contract of twelve commercial spots followed not to mention all the publicity they'd get for their appearances. 

When the crowds finished cumming all over the studio, people began to depart. Both teams of lickers were so hot to trot it was pitiful. Each paired off with somebody from the other team so each man got a lady to go out with that night. What happened after that was totally up to them. But as the Leading Ladies were escorted to their dressing rooms, they found the idiot Blurt still gagged and bound to a chair.

His jazz buddies were laughing their heads off as the satisfied babes passed by. Seeing Blurt with his silver trumpet laying next to his chair, the Ladies got an idea. Each felt only a little sorry for the wimp but did notice that someone had unzipped his pants and his cock stuck out needing release. Gathering around him so he could fully see their naked frontal view, his eyes stood at attention. Muffled moans of lust issued forth from under his gag so Anika, the big breasted woman from Holland decided to untie it. 

Pulling it from his mouth, he cried out, "Damn! You sluts are hot!" 

But he was interrupted by Cindy who said, "Pump us in all three holes, huh?" 

"Yeah, that's exactly what you said!" Mary Lou confirmed. "So what shall we do with the wimp, Ladies?" Angela asked. 

None of the three spoke so Angela decided to take matters into her own hands. Since she and the others were still naked and smelled like sex, she stood directly in front of Blurt's gaze, stuffed her index finger up her pussy, and pulled it out to let him inhale her aroma. One inch from his nose almost sent him into a rage of spewing cum all over himself. Then Mary Lou followed suit but decided to lick her own juices off of her finger. Anika bounced her titties around a while before she fingered her own cunt, and then lifted it to let Blurt lick it clean. 

Cindy from Canada, took a different approach, however, she fingered her pussy, licked it clean, then turned around and bent over to moon the pitiful excuse of a jazz band member. At the sight of her hot butt, his body jerked and writhed in the chair, at least as much as it could considering he was bound tightly. 

When Cindy reached back and spread her ass cheeks, the other three joined in to do the same. Blurt sat there totally flustered in lust filled anticipation as he stared at four hot, round, asses. His cock pulsed like it was about to explode but with no direct stimulation it couldn't. Then Cindy told the Ladies to stand and face Mr. Idiot. 

She reached down and grabbed the silver trumpet, held it an inch or so above his cock, then held his cock as she rammed the bell of the instrument down on it. Immediately, the idiot grunted as his hot, thick cream filled his instrument. Band members were hooting and hollering like there was no tomorrow. Even the Director couldn't contain himself as Blurt blasted his load up the Trumpet bell. 

When it was all over, Angela bent over to blow into the trumpet mouthpiece. The sound was hardly worth it but she couldn't pass up the opportunity. Anika, laughed so hard she cried and Mary Lou did the same. 

Unexpectedly, Cindy said to Blurt, "There! You got a blow job! Are you happy?" 

Embarrassed Blurt was, but said nothing. 

Later as Michael and Julie drove back to the office, Julie noticed that her boss hadn't spoken to her all night. He was disappointed in the Mound Munchers for he just knew they'd win the game. Julie knew him well but said nothing by way of a victory tease. In a way, she was disappointed too for him. She loved him, craved what he did to her and most of all loved giving herself to him in any way possible. As the Mercedes pulled into the garage, he parked in his personal space right next to Julie's. Not knowing exactly what to do, she stared straight ahead until he turned to her and broke the silence. 

"Julie! I'll have to admit that you were completely right! Women do women better than men," he said but in his voice she detected an air of disappointment. "I do have one question though," he continued. 

Sliding her hand onto his, she softly said, "But you're the best for me, Michael!"