 Julie sat behind her desk mulling over the photographs she'd received in the mail that day. She needed four contestants, each with a different hair color but choosing them became difficult for all were so beautiful. Finally, after narrowing down the entries by color, she made her decision according to the woman's first name. On her notepad, she scribbled the name and the color of hair. 

Mari = Brunette

Seshiko = Black

Traci = Red

Joan = Blonde

The others would simply be relegated to a backup file in case any of these were disqualified. Then, she read through the letter she'd received from the TCA, Taster's Choice Awards, to make sure she understood the contest rules. This was a big contest in California with cash prizes up to one hundred thousand dollars for the winner and twelve television commercial jobs to boot. Indeed, it was one of the biggest contests the agency had ever been asked to host and she knew her boss, Michael, would be pleased when he knew she had landed the account. 

After she notified him, she contacted each of the four ladies to have them all come in to the studio for a combined interview. When the day arrived, each contestant joined Julie in Michael's office. An assistant served them Frou-Frou coffee with a piece of delicious strawberry covered cheesecake. Each sat in a leather chair all around a small table in the center of the circle. Julie also joined them so she could moderate the group. 

When the women finished their coffee and cake, the cups and saucers were removed and each received a small packet of information with their name listed at the top. Julie told them to open them and read through the pages enclosed. As they read, Julie watched their faces. Two gasped rather quickly while the other two began to blush. Nobody looked at the other but eventually stared at Julie. She returned each stare with a smile and a nod. 

"Ladies!" Julie said. "These are the rules of the contest and all of you have been chosen as contestants, that is, if you still want to be! If not, then please leave now and accept the coffee and cake as our thanks for coming in today." 

None of them moved but Julie could see there were some questioning looks aimed directly at her. She informed them that this contest was nothing more than a pussy licking game put on by the TCA. Still nobody moved to leave so she told them that this year's challenge was to see which pussy was sweeter, a red head's, a Brunette's, a blonde's or a lady who had black hair. 

At this their faces turned a bright, blushing pink but then each resolved her embarrassment into a wry smile of sexual anticipation. Those smiles were what Julie had hoped for. She had to ask several questions, however, to set an air of sexual tension, just to see how it all affected these beauties. 

"Since you're all in agreement, let's start by fulfilling what each packet asked you to do! Mari, lets start with you, then Seshiko, then Joan, and then Traci." 

Smiling broadly, Mari stood up and lifted her dress to reveal her panties underneath. A wet spot had already started to form in her triangle. Julie motioned her assistant to pull down Mari's panties so the others could see her brown pussy hair. Mari closed her eyes as her fellow contestants let out gasps but gazed lustfully into her neatly trimmed, thick patch of pubic fir. 

Julie motioned for her to set down while Seshiko, the Japanese beauty stood up to perform the instructions given in her packet. She also lifted her dress, revealing her soaked thong panties. She, however, turned around to bend over so her thong went deep into her crack. The others could plainly see her deep, black pussy hair matted against her toned skin. Julie's assistant eventually yanked Seshiko's panties down to her angles as the watching women stared intently. This time there was little blushing but deeper breathing as each began to delight in the womanhood of the others. 

Joan, already wiggling in her chair from excitement, pushed her butt forward so she could lie back in her chair. Julie's assistant reached down to pull Joan's panties down to her feet, allowing her to step out of them. Joan spread her legs far apart to give her watchers a view of her hot, blonde mat. 

Julie, observing each woman carefully, nodded to Traci to perform her assignment. Traci was already breathing deeply and whimpering a little as she got on the table in the center. There, the female assistant lifted her dress and pulled down Traci's thoroughly soaked panties. Then each lady stared into the red, hot pussy of Traci with delightful smiles. 

Oooo, firey-red!" Mari said to the others. 

Then, Julie stood up and instructed each lady to stuff her panties into her own pussy and masturbate till each came. Twenty minutes before, none of them would have done it but the sexual tension in the air, mingled with the pungent aroma of four steaming pussies, tempted them to loosen their inhibitions. . 

Within seconds, each woman had inserted their material inside and was already frigging herself to a feverish pitch. Each one played with her own breasts and nipples while pumping a finger or two into the panty filled canal. 

Julie took rapid notes as she watched each lady bring herself to a screaming orgasm. Seshiko came first calling out Japanese phrases of lust. Traci came next completely soaking her panties in her red haired pussy. Mari came third as she pinched her nipple and clit, all the while talking dirty to Seshiko. Finally, Joan moaned deeply as her legs began to flail wildly in her chair. 

When all orgasms had ceased, Julie's assistant pulled the panties out of each hairy cunt and placed each pair into the corresponding packet. Needless to say, the air was filled with the smell of sex, and even Julie was getting pretty excited by the events she'd experienced so far. 

"My god, you women were hot!" Julie said. "I'm tempted to have all of you eat me out but!" and then she cut off her lustful talk to once again maintain her professional composure. 

The four were instructed to sit down again and to relax as Julie explained the contest more thoroughly. The assistant served more coffee and cheesecake to the now spent but hungry females. Julie told them that lunch was provided by the agency. After lunch, each would report to wardrobe to be measured for her contestant's outfit and then all of them were to come to that same studio at 7pm. 

When they arrived at the studio for the dress rehearsal, Julie introduced them to the men who had been selected to be the Tasters. Each man was extremely good looking which pleased the women to no end. They also craved the taste of a woman's pussy; in fact, they all had smelled the panties from each packet, earlier that day. Hardons were already pressing against slacks and jeans causing the colorful ladies to lust in anticipation of having their firry cunts filled with hard, shooting rods. 

Wardrobe took over from there, directing each contestant and taster to change in a nearby dressing room. The women's outfits were basically the same in that they all wore pushup bras, thigh high stockings, garter belts and crotch less panties. All were black lace in style and extremely sexy when worn by these four, hot babes. 

The taster's, however, didn't come out till later and the women never actually saw them in their outfits because each woman was blindfolded with a black scarf. Special tables were constructed with very soft padding on them so each lady would be absolutely comfortable while her pussy was being devoured. Their hands were free to Rome their own nipples and breasts but their feet were comfortably fastened to stirrup like restraints so each licker had full access to the delicious cunt before him. 

Julie motioned for the cameras to start running and then her assistant said, "Tonight, we welcome you to the annual Taster's Choice Awards! Each player will have the opportunity to taste, lick, suck, and tongue each vagina and will then make his own selection as to which one was the sweetest." 

Then Julie sat back in her director's chair to watch the fun. Two hands touched her neck, causing her to throw her head back, only to find her boss smiling at her. He bent to kiss her deeply and as their tongues playfully fucked the other's mouth, the action on the stage broke into a wild mixture of moans, squeals, and groans. 

The taster's were sitting on the rolling stools with their mouths moving feverishly up and down the slits of these hairy pussies. Seshiko moaned something out in Japanese as her hands massaged her luscious 42-D breasts and hard, brown nipples. Her black haired cunt was being licked into frenzy by a twenty four year old college student, who had practically paid off the TCA just to have a chance at being a taster. It worked, evidently, for he was picked immediately. 

Mari's brown haired twat was being licked from the bottom of her slit to her clitoris, making her let out various sounds of sexual delight. The taster was blonde and musclular like a weight lifter. His tongue was a bit long too, which pleased Mari into quite a build up of desire. 

A Canadian man poked and prodded his tongue into Joan's hairy, blonde mound, sending waves of pleasure to her ready to cum body. She started talking dirty, begging him to ram his tongue in her twat and his finger up her butt. 

Traci, the redhead, groaned and yelped as a black haired man bobbed up and down on her succulent pussy. Her red haired mound was soaked with lustful wetness as he nibbled, licked, sucked, and bit into her engorged, cuntal lips. She, too, let out some dirty talk to the other women but it was difficult to tell which one she was talking to. 

After five minutes of All American Pussy Eating, a buzzer would sound, signaling each man to stop. Then the tasters would rate the pussy they just ate, whether the lady came or not. If she did, then she received a higher rating. 

While the sex show raged on, Michael and Julie sat side by side, holdig hands. Ocassionally, Julei would reach over and rub her bosses cock through his pants, and he would respond in kind to her full breasts. The sexual tension in the room was certainly building into some cum soaking climaxes but then the buzzer sounded. 

Each Taster withdrew his tongue only to record his rating. When done, each moved to his right one place while the guy on the far right, walked down to the far left stool. When round two began, Joan was the first to scream out in orgasmic moans..Within minutes this led to a string of shreeks, as the other three ladies screamed out their passions. By the time all orgasms were fully expressed, the buzzer rang again, signaling the end of the second round. Mari was evidently close to her second climax for she begged her man to continue his labial pursuits, after the buzzer. He ignored her but did give her a high rating on that round. 

Between rounds two and three, Seshiko moaned, loudly, and said, "Please eat me again!" 

Joan also joined in, telling her that she wanted to lick her black haired pussy while she ground her blonde pussy on her Japanese face. Mari and Traci moaned at Joan's words but engaged each other in some extremely hot sensual talk, as well. If their restraints would have been unfastened, the four would have ended up in a heap of lust filled wantonness that would have surely extended the rules of the game. 

During the rating break, the men were handed a slip of paper instructing them to do some extra stimulation to get these babes off quicker. The four eaten pussies weren't aware of the slight change in plans so when it came, they responded in complete surprise. The buzzer sounded signaling the third round. Each man had rotated to his new position and was fully ready to dive in for his sweet, female dessert. 

Traci and Seshiko started talking dirty to each other while Joan and Mari encouraged one another to squirt juices all over the pussy licker's faces. The taster's were devouring the colorful pussies before them, all the while the sexual anticipation built to new heights. All cocks in the room hardened as the slurping frenzy continued until Julie stood up suddenly and yelled, "Now!!!" 

Each taster rammed his finger up the butt of his personal babe, sending each into such an excitement that the ladies began to shriek. 

"Seshiko, when we're done, you're eating my pussy out!" Mari commanded. 

Seshiko replied in Japanese slut talk, telling Joan to come down and grind her blonde cunt on her Japanese tongue. Joan responded in kind commanding Traci to spray her cum on Joan's body, while Joan licked her red hot twat. 

"Grind your cunt in my face, Mari! Grind your pussy on my tongue, Seshiko!" Traci called out sensuously. . 

With tongues probing and fingers prodding all four women let out orgasms of such great intensity that the sound man had to turn microphones down to accommodate the enormous fill of wanton pleasures that now filled the studio. 

While each babe came off her high, the buzzer sounded again signaling the end of the third round. One more round, one more pussy, one more rating and then the votes would be counted to see who the winner was. All four ladies were panting, trying to rest a little for the final round. Before the buzzer sounded again, Julie signaled her assistant to bring over the packets containing the perfumed panties, soaked earlier that day. 

Julie opened each packet and told the assistant to lay a pair of panties on each contestant's face. The assistant did so but made sure none of them smelled their own. Seshiko inhaled Mari's cuntal scent, Tracy smelled Joan's, Mari was intoxicated with Traci's, and Joan enjoyed Seshiko's Japanese cuntal perfume. Even before the buzzer sounded, the four ladies were getting really excited, so excited that each was whimpering in lustful exchanges with the tasters. 

"Eat us good!" Mari begged in wanton anticipation. 

"Lick our hairy twats, you cunt licking babes!" Joan demanded. 

Finally, the buzzer sounded again to start the last round. Each man had switched places and was ready to taste his final color of pussy. As soon as the sound stopped, each one bent forward to lick his babe into another orgasmic release. While they ate away, the assistant unloosened each woman's feet from her restraints. 

All four were suddenly free to flail wildly as their furry pussies were being eaten with reckless abandon. Each taster was determined to get his babe off before that final buzzer sounded. The room was filled with the mingled scents of womanhood, not to mention the sexual groans and moans of four wanton women. The tasters were licking and slurping so loudly that it almost drowned out the sexy moans but nobody cared, in fact, everyone began to cheer them on, hoping each would bring his babe to a screaming climax. 

With only three minutes to go, Julie stood to take off her clothes. She was so intensely wet that her pussy lips smacked in a slurping noise as she pulled various articles from her delicious, hot body. By then, her boss, Michael had stripped as well and was sitting in his chair stroking his full, seven and one eighth inch cock. 

With two minutes to go, Julie stepped in front of her boss with her back facing him. Her hot, round butt steadily undulated, making him rise in anticipation of ramming his prick into either her blonde haired pussy or directly up her tight ass. Slowly, Julie stepped backward as if she would straddle his large cock. 

With one minute to go, and all the contestants begging in wanton pleasure, Julie moved to lower her cunt onto her boss's full length. She slid down easily on his cock and positioned herself to straddle his lap; all the while he embraced her voluptuous tits. Her pussy was steaming hot and her ass cheeks were pressed hard against his belly as he began to pump her cunt from underneath. 

Up, down, up, down, up, down, up and down went his shaft into his secretary's hairy twat. Their mutual moans mingled with the yelps and shrieks of the colorful sluts being eaten on the stage. The tasters, who hadn't' had the opportunity to cum yet, were now standing, bent over, to devour the slutty clits of their women. 

Meanwhile, Michael was lifting Julie up and down on his cock while her pussy clenched his rod in hungry anticipation of his hot load spraying inside. She moaned and groaned as he fucked her, wildly. Both were determined to cum before the buzzer so they joined in the dirty sex talk of the others. 

"Fuck me with your tongue!" Mari screamed, loudly. 

"Eat my hairy pussy!" said Traci. 

"Fuck me, Michael!" Julie pleaded. 

"Suck my hard clit!" demanded Joan. 

Seshiko let out slut talk in Japanese, commanding her taster to suck her clit as hard as he could. Her taster pushed his finger up Seshiko's Japanese ass which made her moan so deeply it sent waves of pleasure throughout her body. The other tasters did the same while their babes continued to smell the cum soaked panties covering their faces. 

With fifteen seconds to go, Julie's assistant yelled, "Fuck 'em!!!" 

Unbeknownst to the contestants, the tasters had previously planned to finish the hot babes off by ramming big dicks inside one or more holes. With seconds to go, each man thrust his stiffy inside the pussy in front of him. Each cock completely filled its intended recipient, all the while sending waves of stimulation throughout. 

The surprise penetration of a long dick into each fully eaten canal sent each lady over the edge. Mari cried out in ecstasy as her pussy was filled with an eight inch cock. Her cunt grabbed and milked his shaft as the man's dick exploded into her. Her squeals echoed throughout the room, amidst the orgasmic tension of the others. 

Having now been rammed to the full, Joan let out an extremely high pitched scream, so high that a window pane shattered as she cried out her wanton pleasure. Traci and Seshiko quickly followed suit, letting out deep moans of delight. Their cunts were filled to the hilt with hard, shooting rods, making their legs writhe in the air. 

With one second to go, Michael grunted deeply as he thrust his full cock upwards into Julie's slurping pussy. Her cunt muscles clamped down on his meat as he blasted his seed into her; all the while they moaned and groaned in mutual pleasure. 

It seem like the panting wouldn't cease, even though the tasters had emptied their balls into the contestants. Each pulled out as the final buzzer ended the last round. Their job was to record the rating and then give them to the assistant so she could tally the votes. Any one of the hot babes might win but one thing was for sure, the ones who didn't certainly enjoyed all the pleasure she had received. 

Michael and Julie were spent. He continued to hold her on his now semi hard cock while she tried to catch her breath. She needed to get back on her feet because she was the host of this game show. After all, what would the TCA think if they knew she had been fucked senseless but couldn't finish out the show. Michael finally released her and helped her onto her feet. She staggered as she approached the stage where four ladies laid strewn on their beds. Some cum dripped from her well fucked pussy, as she stepped onto the stage. When Julie could get her wits about her, she directed her assistant to bring the tallied votes. The President of the Taster's Choice Awards joined her on the stage to present the winner's check of One hundred thousand dollars. When he stood near Julie, he slipped a little and almost lost his balance as his shoe stepped into the small pool of cum that had dripped from Julie's hot cuntal mound. 

Then Julie's assistant helped each woman to stand by her bed to await the final announcement. All blindfolds were removed but each lady kept the panties. As each stood with her ass pressed against her bed, Julie turned to the President to read the tallied scores. 
