 Money is a reliable weapon when it comes to women, but its effectiveness is cheapened by the power imbalance it imposes on the relationship. I have never simply purchased female companionship. Money has often played a role, but for me there must also include a way to earn her ... trust. Money may get a woman to do what you wish, but her wanting to do it is the difference between gazing at the surface of a lake and swimming in it. Rousing her competitive appetites is also effective, but risky, for women will fight harder and for longer than men. Pushing the envelope is one thing; watching it ripped to shreds quite another.

Jackie was married to Larry. Larry owed me money.

And he didn't have it.

Some might have resorted to violence. Not me. Not Tavo — I prefer my tortures more subtle, more enduring. More poignant.

'This puts me in an awkward position, Larry,' I said. 'I can't leave empty-handed.'

'Tell me what you want.'

I looked at Jackie, perched on the arm of his chair, worry plain on her face, her gaze flitting nervously between myself and the two men behind my chair. I had always found her attractive, had wondered more than once whether she was a true redhead and if she was as fiery in bed as I imagined she might be.

'Jackie.'

'What?' they said in unison.

'I want Jackie for the evening. She will accompany me and obey my every command for the next 8 hours. In lieu of your missing interest payment.'

Their reactions were polar opposites of the other. A hint of relief relaxed Larry's tension, while Jackie sat straighter.

'What do I have to do?'

'Nothing illegal, I assure you. No harm will come to you and I will return you here safe and sound.'

'Sounds fair,' Larry said.

'No,' said Jackie.

I shrugged. 'As you wish. My men will make a mess of this place and inflict pain on both of you. Or you can have dinner with us and go clubbing after. Your choice.'

She looked at her husband then, saw his pleading eyes. Her features hardened with understanding, her posture became dismissive. Then she looked at me.

'Just that? Dinner and dancing? Nothing else?'

'Nothing illegal or painful,' I repeated and shifted my weight forward in the chair. 'Decide.'

She didn't really have a choice.

'Fine,' she said and stood. 'Let me change and freshen up.' She walked from the room without looking at Larry.

'One more thing,' I said after she was gone. 'You will not ask her anything about tonight. She will tell you nothing. Is that clear?'

Larry has a gambling habit, but he's not stupid.

'Whatever you say, Tavo. Thanks.'

Thanks. I was taking his wife from him and he was thanking me. This was so much more satisfying than bloodshed.

Jackie returned some minutes later in a strapless emerald green dress which came to mid-thigh, a touch of make-up lining her eyes and lips. She collected a coat and her purse.

'Ready,' she said, ignoring her husband as she walked to the door. Jimmy the Blade opened and held it for her, and we followed.

Jimmy drove, with my other associate, Volkov, riding shotgun. Jackie and I shared the rear seat of the Escalade.

'You are a very attractive woman,' I told her. 'I would have risked a beating rather than let you leave with a man like me.'

'Thank you. But what do you mean, 'a man like you'?'

I twisted in my seat. 'What do you think will happen tonight?'

She considered her answer for a moment before reluctantly allowing it to escape her lips.

'Sex.'

I saw no reason to contradict her.

'Yet you agreed to come. Despite my reputation. Or perhaps because of it?'

'I haven't been dancing in years.'

'And you are willing to obey me?'

'What is my alternative? You said you would order nothing that would be painful or illegal.'

'And I won't. But what if my order trespasses your comfort zone? If I demand something you would never volunteer to do? That is what tonight is about.'

'Then you may be disappointed,' she replied. 'I had two boyfriends before Larry and only slept with one of them. Larry is the only man who has ever seen me naked.'

'Why is that?' I asked. 'Surely you see your beauty in the mirror.'

'I was fat through my teens. I don't trust the reflection. Or compliments. I'm just shy, I guess.'

'Experience is the scorecard of your comfort zone, not the boundaries. Your fantasies define your limits. Which would you embrace in reality, which ones would stoke a degree of apprehension and which others — though thrilling — demand abandoning parts of your morality? What terrifies you as much as it thrills you?' 

I read her thoughts in the contours of her face. I saw the fear she had made the wrong choice and the fear of the alternative. And I saw resignation tinged with sadness flow into grim acceptance.

'What will you ask me to do?'

I laughed. 'That would dilute the potentials of the evening. Mystery holds its own allure. Look on this as an opportunity to re-imagine yourself.'

She turned to look out the window — or, look at the reflection it held.

I reached across to rest my fingertips on her arm, and she glanced at them before meeting my gaze.

'Small steps. Each building on the other,' I said. 

Step One. 'You may begin by removing your dress.'

'Here?' she asked. 'Now? No.'

'Should we turn around?'

'No, but. I can't strip here. You said —.'

'Nothing harmful or illegal. This is neither.'

I turned my face away. 'Jimmy.'

The Escalade slowed, changed lanes, reversed direction. I sat back and looked out my window.

As we got closer to her neighbourhood, Jackie came to a decision. She glanced towards the front seat, but neither Jimmy nor Volkov appeared to be paying attention. Silently, she hooked her thumbs in the elastic holding the dress up and tugged it down to reveal milky white breasts with small pink nipples. She made no effort to conceal herself as she worked the fabric over her hips and pushed it past her knees to pool at her feet. She wore no underwear, which immediately had me tweaking my plans.

'Like that?'

'Exactly so. How do you feel being naked in a car with men you hardly know?'

'Scared. Slutty.' She paused. 'Shameless.'

I reached across the seat and gently pinched her nipple. She made no move to stop me. 'But exciting, also,' I said.

I played with it, tugging it and rolling it between my fingers until it was hard, then I ran my fingers lightly over her breast. Her breath quickened and she turned her face back to the window to hide the flush on her cheeks.

Step Two. 'Now place your back against the door and bring your feet up on the seat.' She complied reluctantly, slowly swinging her legs up as she leaned into the armrest. Her knees remained pressed together, her face hidden. With the same gentle touch I used on her breast, I placed my hand on her right kneecap and slowly pushed it away from the other until her thigh came to rest on the seat. I kept my eyes on hers for a few moments more, then dropped my gaze to take in her curves — the swell of her breasts, the gentle slope of her belly, the valleys bordering the narrow strip of red hair that directed my gaze to the plump lips of her vulva, bare and beckoning.

I resisted the urge to reach out and touch her. All in good time.

Just then Volkov turned to me. 'We're here.'

Jackie panicked and sat up. She reached for her dress but I put my hand on her arm.

'Relax. Stay as you are. This is just a quick stop on our way to the restaurant. We'll be a few minutes only.'

She looked out the window at the people walking by.

'They cannot see you.'

'You're leaving me alone?'

'Jimmy will lock the doors. You'll be perfectly safe.'

She had the dress pressed against herself when I climbed back into the seat beside her but was otherwise still as a mannequin.

'You see? Nothing to fear.' I reached for the dress. She clenched it more tightly, so I withdrew my hand.

'Would you like to go home?' Her eyes screamed 'yes,' but she dropped the dress onto the seat.

'I just want to get this over with.'

'Still, that is no reason not to enjoy yourself in the meantime. Please resume the way you were sitting.'

She obeyed mechanically, staring at the roof's upholstery as if she had nothing to do with the woman lounging so wantonly in front of me. She needed to focus.

'Touch yourself.'

There was fury in the gaze which met mine, her arm wavering uncertainly. I gave her a break.

'Play with your breasts.'

Her right hand came to rest on her right breast, fingertips tracing the full curve of it.

'Both hands.'

Jackie's left hand cupped her other breast, began to gently squeeze it. I noticed her right nipple was hard again, the aureole tighter than before, though her eyes retained their hostility. I nearly laughed out loud.

Try as she might, she could not avoid her growing arousal; her breathing quickened and a quiet moan slipped past her lips. Her eyelids drooped and I watched her hand drift down her stomach and then lower. Her fingers parted her bare, plump lips and delved into the delicate folds hiding within, plucking the hood of her clit. She groaned, then, and stopped. I looked up; she seemed embarrassed.

'Don't stop,' I said. 'You're beautiful to watch. So graceful and confident, your movements, so — honest. Please, continue.'

She studied my face for a minute. I returned her gaze evenly.

'Thank you for the compliment. My husband has forgotten how to give them.'

'A pity. You should be complimented every day. Perhaps I should remind him.'

She smiled a little. 'Perhaps you should.' 

Her fingers had resumed their gliding dance among the folds of her pussy, their pace faster now, less reticent, accompanied by a hum from deep in her throat. She drew her right leg up to make herself more accessible, her fingers plunging her pussy remorselessly. Then she gasped and arched her back, grinding herself against her hand. I reached down and adjusted the lie of my erection in my pants, imagining for a moment of taking her here and now.

Instead, I held my hand up in the space between us, waited for her to see it, then I lowered it and dragged my fingertips through the cum oozing from her. Her gaze followed my shiny fingers into my mouth.

'Delicious. I think I'll have some more.'

I took my time, sliding two fingers deep within her. I held them there as I met her gaze.

'Tonight, this is mine.'

She nodded.

Over his shoulder, Jimmy said, 'Restaurant up ahead, boss.'

'Excellent,' I replied, my eyes locked on hers. 'I have an appetite.'

'May I get dressed?'

An idea came to me. 'Only your coat. Don't button it; hold it closed.'

She waited for me to open her door, shielding her while she arranged the coat and wrapped her arms about herself to keep the flaps closed. She looked terrified. Volkov held the restaurant door for us as we followed Jimmy inside.

A pretty young hostess who called herself Marcie welcomed us. She was new, so Jimmy had to name our reservation. Spinning on her heel, Marcie led us past linen covered tables to a door in the rear wall of the main room. She opened the door and stood aside. Inside the room was a long table set for twelve. After placing menus at the far end, our hostess excused herself and closed the door.

Sliding my hand under her elbow, I nudged Jackie forward, guiding her to the head of the table and pulled the chair back. Step Three. 'May I take your coat, miss?'

Jackie glanced at Jimmy and Volkov as they chose nearby seats. She opened her mouth to say something but thought better of it, instead peeling the coat flaps back and shrugging out of it. She stood for a moment, fighting the urge to cover herself. But one thing I have noticed about women — once past the shock of revelation, they are quick to capitalise on the power of their sex. Jackie was no different, and she visibly relaxed as she took in our appreciative expressions. 

'Awesome body, boss. Great choice.'

I pushed her chair in and took my own seat on her right.

'I've never been naked in a restaurant before,' she said.

'First time's always the hardest,' piped Jimmy.

'How does it feel?' I asked.

'Wanton. Vulnerable.' A pause. 'Illegal.'

'Exciting,' I said. 'It's illegal in the main room, but not in here.'

She lowered her gaze. 'That too.'

'Have you ever been exhibited by your husband - or anyone else?'

'I wouldn't be naked in front of any of his friends.'

'Have you ever fantasized about it?'

'Sure. I'd bet most girls do. I mean, it's the ultimate version of being the centre of attention, something every woman wants. Anyone who denies it is lying to you - or to herself. For me it was an escape from myself.'

Jackie sat close to the table, her breasts hovering over the edge as she read her menu. I nonchalantly took the closer one in my hand and fondled it, tweaking her nipple until it stiffened. 

There was a polite knock and the door opened to admit a waiter holding a tray — which he nearly dropped when he saw Jackie. She slumped forward in her chair, hiding herself beneath the table's edge and ordered the lamb without looking at the young man; the waiter did his best to pretend all was normal as he waited for Volkov to make up his mind.

As soon as the waiter left, I implemented Step Four.

'Jackie,' I said, 'would you please top up our water glasses?'

Obediently, she pushed her chair back and stood.

'Oh,' chirped a female voice.

'Wow.' This voice was male, as was the next.

'Jesus.'

It took a moment before I realized neither Jimmy nor Volkov had spoken, but movement in my peripheral vision made me turn. Standing behind Marcie in the doorway were my associates Henri, Darius and his brother, Julius.

The three men flowed around the young hostess, who looked like a deer frozen in place by oncoming headlights, the menus in her arms forgotten. As the newcomers found seats, i stood up and moved towards Marcie. I halted in front of her, blocking her view of Jackie. She looked up at me as if she expected to be scolded, flinched as I slid my hand into my jacket.

'How old are you, Marcie?' I asked.

'What?' She wasn't expecting that. 'Umm, nineteen.'

'Excellent,' I replied, and pulled three hundred-dollar bills from my billfold. I held them up for her to see.

'Can you be discreet, Marcie?'

'Yes, sir.'

'Excellent,' I repeated. 'I wish for us to be served by you — and you alone — this evening. Please accept these bills as partial tip for your discretion.'

She glanced at the notes I held then calmly met my gaze. 'Of course, sir. Thank you.' She slid the money into her cleavage and turned to leave.

'Tavo,' I said. 'Not 'sir'. Are those menus for us?'

She glanced down, recalling her purpose. After a moment's hesitation, she stepped around me.

Pitcher in hand, Jackie moved from place to place. When she reached Julius, he pushed his glass towards the centre of the table, forcing her to lean forward so he could see her breasts without turning his head. Everyone after him followed his lead. Volkov, jealous of missing out, poured his water on the carpet.

'Oops,' he said, and waved his glass to get her attention.

As Marcie moved into view, Jackie noticed her and tensed briefly, but then she shrugged and returned to her task.

Marcie expertly placed menus before the newcomers, but kept glancing at Jackie as she took drink orders. She took so long that the new arrivals had time to select their meal choices. Curious, I thought. New possibilities entered my plans.

'Marcie,' I said as she wrote the last note on her pad. 'Some music, if you could. Arturo knows my tastes.'

'Of course, s — Tavo.'

I returned to my seat as Marcie closed the door behind her. 

This time there was no knock before the door opened once again, admitting the last two members of our enterprise, Luke and Nikolai. Nikolai carried a small suitcase.

'Just like you said, Tavo.' A cheer went up from the men.

He carried the case to me and set it on the table. As he bent to unlock it, I clasped his shoulder. 'No need, my friend. We know what it contains. Please, find a seat.'

I waited for both men to settle and give me their attention along with the others then raised my glass. 

'To us, my friends. To the loyalty we share and the depth of trust responsible for our recent victories.' A chorus of tinkling followed as my men acknowledged their success. Jackie held her glass up.

'And to our special guest tonight — the beautiful, sexy Jackie.' I tipped my glass against hers, but the sound was lost within the enthusiastic applause of the men.

But rather than encourage her, the acknowledgement had the opposite effect, as if reminding her that she was not here by her own choice. She slumped into her chair and drew her arms across her chest, lowering her face so her hair hid her features.

I reached for her arm, held it until she looked up.

'Do you wish to go home?' I asked her. Again, I saw 'yes' flash in her eyes, but a moment later she whispered, 'No.'

'Then embrace the moment,' I told her. I tugged gently upwards on her arm. 'Tonight you are not a gambler's wife forced to play second fiddle to the day's wager. No. Tonight you are mine — ours — to enjoy, but you are also the centre of attention. You are free to be whomever you dare to be. Stand up on your chair.'

I steadied her as she obeyed, unfolding gracefully until she towered over the rest of us. I swept my free arm over the table. 'Here is your stage. Your playground. Here are eight men, eager to take their pleasure of you however you let them. Allow yourself the same. You are safe. You will neither be harmed nor humiliated.'

She turned her gaze from mine, panned the faces of those seated at the table. 'What do you want me to do?'

'What you're afraid to. Begin by revealing yourself to us. Show us your secrets.'

She stepped onto the table, looked back at me. 'Haven't I already?' she asked as she stepped stiffly between place settings.

She moved slowly down the wooden surface, watching my men watch her as she fought against the urge to cover herself. The admiration of her audience helped. Encouraged by their compliments, she shed her embarrassment and nervousness with every step and her movements developed a sinuous grace. 

She continued past the last of the men to the end of the table, where she halted. For a moment I thought she might jump down and dash for the door, but to my pleasant surprise she looked back at me over her shoulder, slid her feet apart and bent over. The response by the men dwarfed any goal.

As their applause died, she cocked her head. Music. Mozart, if I recall. Jackie listened a moment, then started back towards us, though now she danced. Sweeping her arms out, twisting in a pirouette, she moved with the music. She reached Luke and Nikolai, swayed her naked form as if she was for them alone, allowing them time to admire her before she stepped away.

So rapt were we, I didn't see Marcie push the two carts of food into the room; only when the door closed did I look up, but I caught Marcie's reaction to seeing Jackie on the table and I recognised the blush in her cheeks was excitement, not embarrassment. That was hunger in her gaze, not disdain.

Jackie continued to dance as I rose and crossed to Marcie. I noticed her breathing was rapid and shallow.

'She is beautiful, no?'

'Y-yes,' she stammered.

'Are you offended?' I asked.

'Huh? No — not at all. I've never seen anything like this. She's naked but she's the one in control.'

'Do you find that appealing?'

'Yes,' she replied, then realised what her answer implied. 'Well, no —.'

'No? The flush of your cheeks and pace of your breathing say otherwise. What if you serve the food and then fetch some more drinks. Say three more rounds for everyone — and whatever you wish to drink. Tell Arturo I require you to remain with us as our bartender.'
