 Seth froze at the sound of Tawny's voice from the bed behind him. There he stood with his cock hanging free. He had just erupted in Janie's mouth and Tawny had watched the whole thing.

"Tawny I'm sorry!" Seth blurted out. "That sticky stuff in your hair ... it was my cum." He whimpered and hung his head in shame. He felt like crawling into a hole. Although having his cock in Janie's mouth was a dream come true.

"Look Seth." Tawny said. "I'm not angry and I meant what I just said about tasting you next. I think you're hot too. I must admit that it took me and Janie a couple of days to figure out what was really in my hair." She continued. "I had no idea I turned you on that much Seth."

"What about your boyfriend? Won't he kill me?" Seth asked.

Tawny threw the sheet off of her revealing her fit, thin body for him for the first time. She was amazing. She was the opposite of Janie. Where Janie had fuller lips, hips and an amazing chest with miles of cleavage, Tawny was very thin with cutest little breasts Seth had ever seen. He couldn't take his eyes off of her body. 

"Good!" Tawny smiled. "Now shut up and get over here."

Seth walked over to the edge of the bed still hard and when he got close enough, Tawny took him into her mouth. She worked her lips up and down the length of his shaft. Seth reached out and placed a hand on each of her tits. They were so amazing. 

Seth felt Janie scoot up behind him and she reached around and started to feed his cock into Tawny's mouth. God this was so hot! Seth couldn't believe his luck. 

Janie stood up behind Seth and mashed her large breasts against his back as she started to kiss and nibble on his ears. She felt incredible. Seth removed his hands from Tawny's breasts and started to run his hands through the object of his fantasies. He had only been able to touch and hold it gently before. Now he grabbed handfuls of her thick locks and played with them.

Tawny released his cock and fell back onto the bed. "You have a nice cock Seth." She told him with a smile. "Now I want you to taste me."

Tawny had her legs hanging over the side of the bed and spread apart. She had beautiful, thick, red her between her legs too! He knelt down before her and tasted her for the first time. 

Seth only wanted to please Tawny. He went slowly and paid lots of attention to her clit. He had just finished reading a post on literotica about how to please a woman orally and he was putting all of his new found knowledge to use. 

It must have been written by someone who knew what he or she was talking about, within minutes Seth had Tawny thrashing about on the bed in orgasm. She screamed load enough to wake the neighbors. As Tawny lay on the bed shaking and moaning in orgasm, Seth moved back to get some air! He was surprised to see Janie dive in and take his place. 

"Oh Seth keep going. I want you to make me cum again baby!" Tawny yelled.

Tawny didn't have any idea that it was Janie lapping at her pussy now, instead of Seth! From the looks of things, Seth thought that Janie must have read the same literotica thread! 

Seth finally had a chance to check out Janie in all her glory. She had a nice round ass that Seth found very inviting. She had stripped naked while he was performing oral sex on Tawny. Her heavy breasts jiggled as she was pleasing her roommate and she had her long hair tied back in a ponytail. It was more than Seth could take. 

He walked up behind her and started to rub his cock from her ass to her pussy. Janie let out a moan of approval and started to push her hips back to meet his cock. This was all the invitation Seth needed and started to work his cock into her pussy from behind. He reached around with both hands and grabber her massive boobs as he thrust all the way into her. 

Janie grunted in pleasure as Seth started to fuck her hard. The harder and faster he fucked Janie the more intently she worked her tongue and lips on Tawny. By this time Tawny was shrieking in her second orgasm of the night, "Oh fuck! Oh Fuck!" She yelled.

Tawny looked down and saw that it was Janie eating her out and that Seth was fucking Janie from behind. "Janie, I had no idea!" Tawny exclaimed. "I am defiantly going to have to return the favor though!"

Janie just grunted. With Seth's big cock pounding into her that was all she could say. "Tawny get over here." Seth said. "I'm getting close and my next load is for you."

Tawny got off the bed and knelt beside Janie's wonderful ass. She started to caress Janie while Seth was fucking her. His cock was slamming into her hard and the wet sounds of their fucking were filling the room. 

Seth groaned that he was going to cum and pulled out of Janie. Tawny leaned over and replaced Janie's pussy with her mouth. Seth came almost instantly in Tawny's mouth. Tawny gagged a little. She wasn't prepared for so much ejaculate. Seth seemed to cum forever. Rope after rope of cum was shooting into her mouth. Somehow she managed to keep it all in though. 

Seth pulled his cock out of Tawny's mouth and collapsed onto the floor. Janie crawled over to Tawny and French kissed her right on the mouth. Tawny hadn't swallowed all of Seth's cum. She still had a big mouthful of sperm and passed it over to Janie.  

Seth was mesmerized as the two girls swapped his cum back and forth and played with each other's breasts in the process. "Wow!" Seth exclaimed.

Tawny and Janie looked over at Seth and noticed that he was still rock hard. "Uh, Seth?" Tawny asked him.

"Yes?' Seth answered.

"Does that thing ever get soft?" Tawny asked pointing to his majestic cock.

"Uh, yes...sometimes. But between your hair and Janie's cleavage, I don't think it will tonight!"

"Does it hurt?" Janie asked. 

"Not yet. But...?"

"Yes Seth?"

"Could you guys help me out? I think if I came one more time I would be alright." Seth said.

"Ok which one of us do you want?" Tawny asked licking her lips. "Me or Janie?

"You'd better decide carefully." Janie chimed in. "The consequences of this decision could be dire." She added.

Now Seth had quite a dilemma. How could he make this decision? What would he do? What consequences was Janie talking about?

Seth thought about it for a few seconds and then the answer appeared. He had developed a special technique for dealing with life's hard issues. It had saved his skin on more than one occasion. This technique came from a bumper sticker he had seen once. It was on a Christians car and went (WWJD) and stood for 'what would Jesus do." 

Well Jesus wouldn't have gotten himself in this situation in the first place. He needed a different point of view. Seth had developed (WWRJD) 'what would Ron Jeremy Do' and he had his answer. Ron would do both chicks at the same time! 

Seth had seen this technique in a movie once and it looked like Janie and Tawny were ideal for it.

"Janie lay down on the bed on your stomach with your legs off the bed, almost like we were in a doggie style position." Seth commanded.

"Ok." Janie answered with a smile. 

Tawny had a rejected look on her face. She had come twice all right but hadn't gotten to feel Seth's cock inside of her. 

"Tawny. I want you to lay back with your back on Janie's back." Seth told her. Seth helped her lay down and she was thin and light enough that it wasn't uncomfortable for Janie.

Seth stood before the side of the bed. He was now in position to enter either of them or switch between them as he pleased. Both girls were still wet and Seth was able to enter them easily. 

First, Seth pushed his cock into Janie on the bottom. She moaned in pleasure as Seth Fucked her furiously for a minute. He then pulled out and placed his cock to Tawny's pussy and entered her for the first time. She was so tight! Seth and Tawny both moaned in pleasure. He fucked Tawny for a minute, being careful not to hurt Janie in the process. 

Seth fucked his two roommates like this for quite some time until both of them had multiple orgasms. Seth pulled his cock away from the two girls and told them that he was about to cum. 

Janie and Tawny disentangled and got off the bed on their knees in front of Seth. Seth offered his glistening cock to Janie who sucked him clean and then he pulled out of her mouth and aimed his cock at Tawny's hair. He pushed his cock deep into her hair and came. When he was done he pulled his cock away and fell over onto the bed. Finally his cock started to shrink a little. 

Janie looked over at Tawny and smiled as a drop of cum ran down her forehead. 

Janie and Tawny jumped into bed with Seth and fell into a deep sleep. Seth dreamed of lush cleavage and thick red hair the rest of the night.

The End