 This is yet another very old story that I've transcribed from a hard copy. It's from about 2007 I think...

***

Matt and Nicola had been in the pub since four in the afternoon, and by the time Greg joined them from work they were in more than high spirits.

"Hi," said Greg as he walked up to the table, awkwardly fishing his wallet out of his pocket. "You'll be wanting some drinks I suppose?"

Matt and Nicola raised their glasses and cheered. Greg didn't even bother to ask what they wanted before heading to the bar, it was always the same anyway so what was the point?

Greg leaned back on the bar and looked back over at them, wondering what it was that Nicola had that all Matt's other girlfriends hadn't had. Matt was undoubtedly good looking and certainly looked a lot younger than his 29 years and until Nicola had arrived he had been a dedicated one-night stand kind of guy, sometimes shagging 2 or 3 different girls a week. But now all that had changed, for despite the fact that Nicola had only been around for four months, she was already his longest standing girlfriend.

This unexpected development had kind of thrown a spanner into Greg's routine. Though he didn't mind being seen around a hot looking girl like Nicola (and he certainly didn't mind looking at her) he sometimes kinda wished that he still had Matt to himself, as they had grown up and frequented the pub together since they were 15. But still, he reasoned, they surely wouldn't last much longer and then everything could go back to how it used to be...

He approached their table with drinks in hand and chided them comically for their decadence. 

"Well I think it's a disgrace, how long have you two been in here today?"

"Bollocks," said Matt.

"Since four," giggled Nicola, reaching for her glass of wine and raising it to salute her newest friend. "Cheers." 

Greg pulled his mobile from his pocket and checked it for messages before dropping it onto the table and reaching for his drink.

--

As the night wore on, Nicola noticed that Greg seemed to be checking his phone more and more frequently.

"Are you expecting a message?" She asked.

"No," snapped Greg abruptly, then paused and softened his tone. "Sorry, I didn't mean to snap... you know that girl I saw last week, Annabel?"

Nicola nodded, bleary eyed, trying hard to remember anything about Annabel.

"Well I kinda hoped to see her again, but she's pissing me about now... pity, she had a fantastic pair of tits."

Matt grinned and downed the rest of his pint and made for the toilet, leaving his old friend to whine on about his love life to Nicola. When he came back Nicola got up and announced it was 'her turn' and disappeared in the direction of the 'Ladies'.

"Are you coming back with us?" Said Matt.

"Nah mate, I don't wanna get in the way..."

"Don't be daft, she's fucking bladdered. She's gonna fall asleep the minute we get home, either that or she'll turn randy and want to fuck the pair of us!"

The two friends laughed loudly before Matt continued. "Only kidding, she'll crash... we can have a few more beers and play on the Playstation."

"Sounds good to me," exclaimed Greg.

When Nicola returned the three of them got up together and bid the barman good night, before walking down the hill to Matt's house.

"You're a genius," said Greg. "Buying a house downhill from the pub. An absolute fucking genius!"

--

"Oooh warmth!" Said Greg as they shut the front door behind them and removed their coats. "And..." announced Greg to nobody in particular, "I need a slash!"

As Greg disappeared up the stairs, Nicola grabbed Matt drunkenly and pulled his mouth to hers.

"Fuck me," she slurred. "Before he comes back!"

Matt laughed.

"Somebody's feeling frisky," he chuckled. "But I think you're going to have to wait."

Nicola didn't want to wait though and she started rubbing Matt's stiffening cock through his jeans as they tumbled into the lounge.

"Pack it in Nic!" Matt hissed.

"No," she slurred. "I want your cock inside me."

"You're really trashed aren't you?" Matt said looking into her half closed eyes.

Nicola giggled and started to try and unbutton Matt's jeans but he pushed her down on the sofa and told her to calm down. He went into the kitchen and got a couple of beers out of the fridge for Greg and himself and then stumbled back into the lounge where Matt was now sitting in a chair opposite the sofa.

"There you go mate," he said, handing Greg an ice cold beer.

"Cheers."

"Where did she go?" Asked Matt, pointing to the empty sofa.

"She didn't say."

"Probably gone to bed."

"Doesn't that piss you off?"

"What..."

"Her getting totally shit-faced like that?"

"Nah... well, maybe a bit. But when I go to bed she'll be gagging for it. She gets really dirty when she's pissed. It's great!"

The two friends laughed again and Matt sank down onto the sofa and put his feet up on the coffee table.

"So what's going on with you and this Annabel bird then?" Said Matt, trying to sound interested.

"Fuck knows, I seen her twice and she was great. But now she's pissing me about, not calling me back, you know..."

"Do you think she found someone else?"

"Maybe. I know her ex wanted her back, she told me that much... maybe she's decided to go back to him."

"Bloody women."

"Exactly."

The boys' laughter was interrupted as the lounge door opened slowly and Nicola walked in, in her dressing gown and socks. She slid onto the sofa next to Matt and curled up next to him, her head on his chest. Matt smiled at his friend and put his arm around his drunken girlfriend.

Greg couldn't help noticing that the way her dressing gown fell open her could see Nicola's smooth, inviting inner thighs and though he tried hard not to look, it was a real effort. He kept stealing glances and felt himself getting a little hard, even going as far as pulling down his T-shirt to try and hide the bulge that was growing in his jeans.

The guys talked more about Annabel, and as Greg watched he realised that Nicola's hand was resting on Matt's groin and slowly rubbing his cock. Matt wasn't exactly sober now either and far from trying to stop her he was enjoying the sensation. As she lay there, he carefully moved his arm so that he could open Nicola's dressing gown a bit more and reveal some more of her legs to his friend.

Greg shifted uncomfortably in his seat, attempting to make some room for his expanding shaft and trying desperately to keep up the conversation. But soon his eyes were fixed on Nicola's enticing legs as Matt's hand moved gently along the top of her thighs and slid down between them. Feeling the familiar fingers probing between her thighs, Nicola opened her legs wider, giving Greg a better view as Matt's fingers pressed against the thin white material covering her dripping wet pussy. Nicola let out a sigh as Matt's finger pressed a little harder and brushed the pale cotton against her clit, while Greg sat frozen still, wondering what the hell was going on and if he should just get up and leave or what?

Finally he steeled himself to reach forward and place his empty can on the coffee table.

"I...I should go..."

Matt smiled at his friend and shook his head as he pushed Nicola's thighs yet wider and hooked his fingers into her panties, pulling them to one side to expose her wet slit. Nicola sighed again as he pushed the tip of his finger inside her and worked it in past the first knuckle, then dropped his head to kiss her mousy hair before asking her softly...

"Are you feeling really horny baby?"

Nicola grunted and rubbed his cock harder than before.

"Do you want a nice hard cock in your tight little pussy?"

Nicola moaned her agreement as Matt withdrew his finger and then ran two down either side of her glistening lips, squeezing them together to show Greg how wet she was.

"Do you want Greg to eat your pussy?"

Nicola groaned again and started trying to undo his jeans, earning herself as slap to her inner thigh.

"Not until you answer my question Nicola," he said sternly.

"Yes..." she mumbled into his chest.

"Yes what?"

"Yes... want him... eat pussy," she slurred, moving her hips to try and rub her soft, wet lips against Matt's still fingers.

Matt raised his eyebrows and flicked his head to indicate to his friend to get moving. Greg paused for a second or two before he rose cautiously and moved down onto the floor between Nicola's spread thighs. While Greg hesitated, Matt unbuttoned his jeans and lifted himself up slightly to drop them a little way allowing Nicola to prise his cock out and start rubbing it as it grew to it's full height.

Greg edged closer, worried that at any moment one of the two of them would sober up or that Matt would change his mind about sharing his bird like this. But as he moved closer and closer he felt drawn in and almost intoxicated by the smell of girl's sodden cunt. Feeling more confident, he pushed his hands up the outside of her legs and gripped her knickers, pulling them down over her legs and allowing them to fall on the carpet next to him.

Matt moved his hand out of the way and Nicola shifted herself forward a bit, hooking one of her legs over his shoulder as she twisted slightly so that she could take Matt's cock into her mouth. Now it was Matt's turn to sigh as he felt Nicola's warm mouth closing around his straining cock. He placed his hand on the back of her head and gently encouraged her to take him deeper and deeper until he could feel her nose pressing against the skin just above his cock and the head of his cock just entering her throat.

"Fuck," he hissed as she sucked hard on his cock before releasing him, her teeth gently dragging across the head of his cock as she reached the top of his silky shaft.

Greg was just starting to relax after the first couple of minutes with his head buried in Nicola's sweet pussy. She tasted wonderful and his cock was rock hard, but he still didn't know how far this would go and whether he would just end up going home and having to jerk off to the memory. He hoped not, because the girl was soaking and the thought of sliding his meat into her was driving him crazy.

As he concentrated his flicking tongue on her slippery clit, he felt her moving about above him and he pulled back to see what was happening. Matt pulled her across him positioning her over his lap facing Greg, and then sliding her dripping pussy down over his throbbing stalk. Greg watched transfixed as he watched his friend's thick cock forcing it's way upwards into the girl's tight but slippery hole, still unsure at this point whether he should get his own cock out.

After a few moments, Matt's hands reached around Nicola and pulled her dressing gown fully open, revealing to Greg her lovely, heavy breasts and flat stomach. Nicola pushed all her weight down on Greg's pole as she felt the gown pulled off her arms and thrown across the sofa to her side, then she looked straight at Greg through her half closed eyes and held out her hand.

Greg took a breath and stood up, moving forward until her fingers found the button of his jeans and reached inside to pull out his cock. Her head fell forward and Greg gasped as he felt almost the whole length of his prick taken into her mouth in one movement. He pushed his jeans further down his thighs and started to gently push his hips back and forth, fucking the girl in the mouth as she rode his friend's hard cock.

Matt looked up at his still slightly nervous friend and smiled.

"She's good isn't she?"

Greg nodded, not knowing quite what to say.

"She'll suck the cum right out of your balls if you're not careful... dirty little slut!"

Nicola groaned when he called her a slut.

"Oh yeah, she likes that too, don't you slut?"

Nicola grunted into Greg's balls and Matt landed an awkward slap on the side of her ass cheek, before sliding his arm around her waist and pulling her back on top of him as he sank back into the sofa as far as he could go. She tilted her head back and turned towards him as far as she could to kiss him and Greg watched as their tongues intertwined, sharing the taste of his cock in the process.

Now Greg was feeling a little more confident and he moved towards them, bending forwards and using his hands to squeeze Nicola's beautiful tits as his tongue flicked across each nipple in turn. Then he climbed onto the sofa with a foot on either side of the couple beneath him and slid his cock back into her warm, wet mouth again. Matt watching from just a few inches away as his girlfriend swallowed his best friend's prick urged her on.

"That's it Nic, suck it like a good little slut. I know how much you love to suck cock, suck it like he'll never forget it!"

Nicola's head bobbed along the length of Greg's shaft as he tried to hold himself steady, finally resting his palms on the wall behind the sofa and leaning forward so that his cock pushed deeper still into the girl's willing mouth.

He felt her fingers curling around his balls and then gently squeezing and pulling on his sack and then his cock popped out of her mouth and she started flicking her tongue against the tip. He glanced down at her and saw that she was looking up at him with wide, innocent eyes, like a surprised schoolgirl. Then she began pumping his meat hard in her fist, her tongue out and her mouth wide open, her eyes imploring him to fill her mouth with his cum.

Then, just as he was about to give in to the urge to spray her tongue with his load, her hand suddenly fell out of rhythm and she looked down as she felt herself lifted off Matt's cock. Matt held her up, a few inches off his cock, and reached down to reposition his slippery cock. Nicola tensed and gritted her teeth as she felt her boyfriend's cockhead press against her asshole, but Matt held her firm as she slowly lowered down onto his straining meat, relishing every inch as her tightness enveloped his shaft.

Once fully inside, Matt hotched forward slightly, allowing Nicola to lay back in a more horizontal position and Greg realised that her pussy was wide open and waiting for his cock. He stepped down off the sofa and slid between her legs rubbing the tip of his prick against her cunt a couple of times before finding the entrance and forcing it roughly inside.

Nicola shuddered and grunted as Greg's cock took it's place inside her right next to Matt's. Then she felt Matt reaching around from behind her and roughly mauling her ample tits as the two guys found a rhythm and began fucking her together. Nicola reached down between her legs and began rubbing her clit as the two cocks powered into her, all the time Matt breathing into her ear, telling her what a dirty fucking slut she was and how he knew she loved being impaled on two thick cocks.

Nicola's breathing became more intense until at last she tensed up completely and bucked hard against the two guys as she came, her holes contracting hard around their cocks as she twisted and turned between them. Finally she collapsed back onto her boyfriend, his cock still wedged deep inside her asshole.

After watching and feeling Nicola bucking around on their cocks the two guys were pretty close to cumming too and Greg pulled out soon after and pumped his fist hard along the length of his cock until he sprayed several strings of cum across Nicola's fine tits. Beneath her, Matt grunted and pulled his cock free from her ass wth some difficulty, before firing a thick stream of creamy, white spunk across the girl's inner thigh.

When they had all got their breath back, Matt pushed the girl off his stomach and ordered her to lay back on the sofa, which she did with a drunken smile. Then, as Nicola's fingers slipped back between her legs, Matt shot out of the room and up the stairs and returned a moment or two later clutching her vibrator, he flicked it on and its persistent metallic buzzing filled the otherwise silent room.

Matt slid the impressively thick vibrator effortlessly into Nicola's stretched and sodden cunt, asking her sternly, "Who's been a bad girl tonight Nicola?"

"I have," she breathed, arching her back as the vibrator buzzed away inside her tingling pussy.

"And what happens to bad girls?" He asked.

Nicola didn't answer, she just moaned and reached for Matt's cock, but he brushed her hand away with his.

"Uh-huh, bad girls have to be punished don't they?"

"Yes," she sighed... moving her hand back towards her aching clit.

"Ah, not so fast," said Matt, grabbing her hand and pulling it back, placing it on one of her fleshy tits.

"There, play with your tits for us."

Nicola eagerly began caressing her breast and pulling her nipple with her forefinger and thumb, while Matt started fucking her with the vibrator.

"Move there," Matt whispered to Greg, pointing at the space behind the arm of the sofa above Nicola's head.

Greg moved around the coffee table to take his place as instructed and watched as Matt left the dildo sticking out of Nicola as he grabbed her ankles and pushed the girl's legs up over her shoulders, her knees opening outwards as he did until they were practically in her armpits.

"Hold her legs up," he said to Greg, before pulling the buzzing plastic cock out of her pussy and bringing his hand down on her stretched ass cheeks three times. Then he started gently caressing her taut skin with his palm for a few moments before repeating the slaps and then using his free hand to apply the tip of the vibrator to her clit.

Greg looked down as she felt Nicola's fingers curl around his cock and try to feed it into her mouth, but he couldn't get close enough and he felt like his cock was well and truly spent as it was. Frustrated, she gave up and settled for pumping his semi-hard cock in her hand, her face alternating between pain and pleasure as Matt continued the cycle of slaps and clit teasing.

As instructed Greg kept a tight grip on Nicola's ankles, preventing her legs from falling down and impeding Matt's relentless routine of punishment and pleasure. Despite the pain in his palm, Matt continued the beating until Nicola desperately begged him to stop. Satisfied, he then slid two fingers into her sodden cunt and two into her stretched asshole before pumping them into her as hard and fast as his tired arm could manage.

Once again Nicola gritted her teeth as her boyfriend's thick fingers stretched her holes, twisting inside her and wriggling into every sensitive little place, finding every little nerve and sweet spot and combining to push her onwards towards a second orgasm.

Within a few minutes, Nicola was gasping for breath until finally she let out a loud groan and almost bucked herself clean off the sofa. Caught unaware, Greg let go of her left leg and it fell back until it was resting against the back of the sofa. He quickly leaned forward and pulled it back into position again while Matt relentlessly pounded his fingers into her as she came, finally relenting when Nicola cried out, begging him to stop and reaching down to push the vibrator away from her now over-sensitive clit. 

Matt slowly removed his fingers from her holes and gave her a moment to regain her composure before he made the girl lick first her vibrator and then each and every one of his fingers clean before he let her go up to bed.