 I sat at the dinner table, zoned out and ignoring my parents' arguing. It was happening more and more frequently, but I couldn't find it in myself to care. Mom drank too much and was always overreacting over something, and Dad was a workaholic. Even when he was home, he had never taken much of an interest in me. So I was surprised when I heard my Mom say my name.

"...Jackson with you. It'll do him some good, learning his father's hobbies." 

My father nearly choked on his mashed potatoes. "Alice, I'm not sure that's a good idea."

"Why the hell not? He's 20 years old, Andrew, and ever since he and Sara broke up he hasn't been doing much except sitting in his room at his computer. Bring him to your poker night; it'll be good for him."

Great. Poker night with Dad...fun...just what I wanted to be doing.

"I'm fine, Mom. I don't have to go." I interjected.

"See, Alice? He doesn't want to go. Don't make him." Dad jumped on my input almost before I was finished.

"No," Mom said forcefully, "Andrew, quit arguing. Jackson, you're going. I'm not having you spend the rest of your night in front of that screen, doing God knows what, again."

My Dad and I both glared at her as she walked into the kitchen to get another refill of wine. Our eyes met briefly and we both shrugged slightly, both of us knowing when to pick our battles when it came to my mother. 

I was pissed though. I had been planning on doing some more exploring on the smut site that I had just discovered while searching the web for better porn. 

Sara and I had been together for two and a half years and while my mother thinks that I'm moping around because my heart's been broken, she sorely mistaken. Sara and I had had an understanding. I was willing to be with her so that her parents would stop nagging her about getting a boyfriend and I would be able to get my dick wet on a regular basis. We were really more of a 'friends with benefits' type of relationship and when she told me she finally found someone she wanted to be with, we broke it off. No hard feelings really, unless you count my sudden lack of available pussy.

I'd never liked the bar scene, but I had never liked going through all that boyfriend shit either. So until someone better came up, it was just me and my hand, jacking it to some random girl getting fucked.

The thing is, porn is pretty much all the same. Especially on the free sites. Sorry, but I refuse to pay for that shit. So I was excited when I found all this written porn stuff. It was a shit-ton better than actual porn too, because I had a really good imagination and could see it all playing out as though I was doing it. 

Sara had always been pretty vanilla in the bedroom, and while I didn't mind it then, now that I've been reading not only all the different positions, but all the other kinds of things people do in the bedroom, and been living them out in my head...well. I kind of wanted to try some new shit.

Like the idea of double-teaming a girl. I don't know what it is, but the images I get in my head from the idea of a girl taking two cocks just does something for me. The idea of me fucking her from behind while she's got another dude's cock stuffed down her throat and her moaning and obviously loving the situation gets me hard in 3 seconds flat.

I realize that it might sound gay to another guy, but I'm secure enough in my knowledge that I love pussy to admit that two guys with one girls is just so totally fuck-hot.

Fuck. Now I'm hard at the dinner table and will probably be tense the entire time I'm at Dad's poker game.

Mom came back to the table and we quickly finished eating. I was hoping there might be a couple of minutes before Dad and I left so that I could pop into the bathroom and dry jerk a quick one off, so I could be more comfortable at poker, but no such luck. Dad whisked me out to the car as fast as he could.

We were turning onto the main road when Dad turned down the music and started up conversation.

"How long has it been since you and Sara broke up?" he asked bluntly.

I thought about it. "Um, a couple of months. Why?"

He ignored my question. "Any other girls since then?"

"No." I answered, letting confusion color my tone.

"So you've just been using porn and your hand to get off since then, right?"

I stared at him, shocked and freaked out. 

He glanced at me and took in my expression before refocusing on the road. 

He sighed and shook his head slightly. "I'm sorry, but I'm trying to figure out a way to tell you something."

"Tell me what?" I managed to choke out.

His eyes flickered back to mine, gauging me.

He set his jaw. "We're not going to poker."

O-kaaay. " Where are we going then?"

"An apartment that I keep."

Pause. Insert awkward silence here. 'Why?"

"To see someone."

"Who?"

He blew a breath out. "Taylor."

Taylor, Taylor, Taylor...the name didn't ring any bells.

"Who's Taylor?"

He glanced at me again, gauging.

"My...mistress," he said hesitantly, as though he were unsure of the word.

"Your mistress," I asked flatly, staring at him in disbelief.

He huffed again. "Not exactly."

Silence. "Care to elaborate?"

He took a deep breath and then turned into an empty parking lot. He turned off the car and faced me.

"You've probably noticed that your mother and I have not gotten along for a while now." I nodded when he paused. "I took to finding other places to satisfy the sexual needs that were not being fulfilled by my marriage. Through various relationships, I found it too stressful to keep mistresses on the side. So when a man approached me and told me that he could get me girls who would be available to me whenever I needed them and that I could govern not only what they looked like, but also who they were with when I wasn't around, I took him up on his offer."

"So basically, we're going to see a glorified hooker." I asked.

"No," he said. "She's not a hooker. She's a girl that this man kidnapped for me so that I could use her solely for sex. I pay for her groceries, for the apartment she lives in and anything else she needs as long as she stays in the apartment at all times, has no contact with anyone other than me or who I permit and that I can use her for my sexual needs whenever I visit."

He let me absorb that. "So basically, you've forced her into becoming your mistress slash friend with benefits."

He thought about that for a second and then nodded.

My moral compass was not exactly pointing north. If anything, it was more pointing east than north. That being said, my father's little arrangement actually sounded pretty...

"Sweet."

He looked at me sharply, a shocked expression on his face.

I shrugged. "You get free sex without having all the emotional attachment bullshit that goes on when you have a girl on the side."

He smiled at me slightly. "Essentially."

I could deal with that. "So why are we going there? I don't want to stand outside a room with nothing to do but to listen to you get your dick wet. No offense."

He laughed. "None taken. Well, there is no poker on poker nights so I thought-"

"Wait, no poker on poker nights? How often do you go to see her?"

He shrugged. "It depends on the week, but usually every second day, if not more often."

"Huh. Okay. Sorry for the interruption."

"Well, I thought that since you aren't getting any from anyone but your hand, that I'd offer Taylor up for you to use."

I stared at him, shocked again.

He just shrugged. "She's less likely to chafe and she's very fun."

I liked the idea more and more by every second. "Where would you be?"

"Anywhere you want. I could just watch TV in her living room, or drive around until you're finished."

My fantasy from earlier came leaping back to me unbidden. Here was my chance.

"You could...I don't know...join, if you wanted to." I tried to sound as straight as possible while inviting him.

He stared at me, taken aback. Awkward silence filled the air. "Sure," he looked surprised as he answered. "I think she would like that, actually."

"What does she like?"

He turned on the care again and manoeuvred us out of the parking lot. "Personally, I don't know. Sexually, she likes it rough. Not BDSM rough, but she likes to be manhandled. She likes to be forced to do things and commanded. You don't ask her to suck your cock, you tell her to suck your cock. She likes to be talked to. She loves being called things like cum-slut and dirty little whore. The more creative you are with the names, the wetter she gets. She loves sucking cock and she almost drips on the floor when I fuck her face. Mainly be forceful with her and tell her what you're feeling and thinking. You can't insult this girl. Anything dirty that comes out of your mouth, she'll lap up and then ask for more. That enough?"

"Yeah, I think I got it. How long until we get there?"

"Ten minutes," he shrugged.

This sounded like the girl of my dreams. If I hadn't calmed myself down while my father was talking about her, I would be flying at full mast by now. I was still half-hard as it was.

Ten long ass minutes later, we were pulling into an underground parking garage. We exited the car and I followed my father as he walked to the far corner of the garage and pulled open the door. We walked through the hallway until we reached the very end. He pulled a piece of wire from his pocket and ran the L-shaped doorknob through the loop in the wire. After securing it with some duct tape, he jiggled it to make sure that it stuck in the right spot, before unlocking and opening the door to let me enter first.

I entered the living room of the small apartment and watched my father close the door behind him while expertly closing the wire in the door and tucking it, so that it couldn't be seen. I wondered about this until I saw that there was no way out on this side of the door. No doorknob. 

He shrugged when he saw me looked. "Safety precaution." He whispered. I nodded and was able to absorb the tiny, clean apartment before Taylor came around the corner.

She was stunning. She had long strawberry blonde hair, the endings curling just above where her navel would be. Wide green eyes examined me as I examined her petite form. She was probably only 5'4" to my 6'3". She was slender, toned jean-clad legs swelling into hips before tapering back off into a tiny waist. Gorgeous breasts, they were about a C-cup and suited her curvy figure perfectly. Her face was a shock of freckles across her delicate cheekbones and thin nose. Big red lips and long black lashes. She was fiery. 

"Drew?" She asked. Her voice, all low rasp and smooth tones, was sex. I couldn't wait to hear her moan my name. "Who's this?"

"Taylor, this is Jackson, my son." He clapped me on the shoulder. "He's hit sort-of a dry spell right now, so I thought that maybe you could help him out."

"Of course, Drew. Where will you be?" She asked him, tearing her devouring eyes off me to look at him.

"I'll be joining the two of you."

Her slender brows raised and hid beneath her bangs. "Really?"

He just nodded once, slowly, taking her in.

Her eyes darted back to me, back to my body. Her lower lip dropped open slightly and her breathing tempo increased. Her green orbs examined my father as he removed his wedding ring and placed it on the bookshelf that was beside the door. She wet her lower lip, her delicious pink tongue darting out as her eyes came back to me. I noticed her eyes dilate as I removed my coat.

My father stepped up to her and laid his hand lightly on her waist. "Do you like that thought, Taylor? Hmm? Of having both me and Jackson inside of you?" His voice came out husky and demanding.

Her eyes fluttered shut. She took a deep breath and whimpered slightly as she exhaled.

I took off my shoes and socks and watched my father move his hand slowly up her ribcage. I resolved to myself, as I stuffed my socks into my shoes, to refer to my father as Drew from now on. It was too creepy the other way.

"Well, Taylor? Do you like that thought?" I saw his hand tighten on her rib cage as he asked the question again, more forcefully.

"Yes," she breathed. "Oh please,"

My dick was instantly hard.

Drew chuckled, dark and low. "Good,"

He turned and walked toward the door. As he passed me, I heard him say, "Undress her."

I approached her just as her eyes fluttered open, they fixed instantly on me. I stopped inches away from her and met her gaze for a second before slowly lowering my eyes and letting them blatantly rake over her body. I saw her breathing increase.

I reached out and ghosted my hand over where Drew had laid his moments ago. I saw her chest rise with her sharp intake of breath. I let my hand settle on the lower back, right above the swell of her ass. She whimpered slightly. My God, she was so responsive. I fisted my hand in her shirts, pulling the blue fabric taut against her torso. God, her nipples were hard already. I pulled her to me and revelled in the feel of her tiny body flush with mine. She was so soft and pliable. I was painfully hard already, and she was still fully dressed.

Time to remedy that. I let her find her balance on her bare feet before I slowly inched her shirt up. I could already tell that in addition to liking it rough, this girl liked anticipation and soft touches. Her shirt came off and with the movement her hair fluttered down around her. I kissed her, suddenly and hard. Her mouth was soft and warm and wet and wanting. As my tongue invaded and explored it my hand grabbed her ass and pulled her to me, grinding my erection into her. She moaned. Good God...that noise could bring Angels to their knees with lust. Her arms wrapped around my head, her tiny hands tangling in my blonde curls as one of my hands gripped her hair and the other worked on the clasp on her blue lace bra.

I felt the clasp give under my hand and as quick as a flash the bra was on the floor. The hand gripping her hair tightened and forced her head back as my lips attacked her neck. My unoccupied hand found its way to her breast and squeezed, feeling her nipple harden even more. My fingers found it and tweaked it as I bit her neck suddenly. She cried out at the sensations. My dick twitched at the sound.

I took a step back, my one hand still knotted in her hair. She was panting, her chest heaving. My hand in her hair was the only thing holding her up if the way she swayed unsteadily on her feet was any indication. I let her regain her balance as my eyes greedily drank in the sight of her breasts. They were flushed and full and pale with pink little nipples that screamed to be sucked on and played with.

She stopped swaying and brought her head back up. She slowly opened her eyes. I had to hold back to growl of lust that threatened to emerge from my throat when she fixed on me with those eyes. They were dark and dilated, full of lust and want and desire and need. She bit her bottom lip and smirked at me when she saw my erection.

"Pants. Off. Now." I growled out at her, my lust spiking at her smirk. I wanted those lips wrapped around her cock. I wanted to make her moan and cry out my name with those lips. I wanted it all.

Sara had never turned me on like this. It never got anything close to this with Sara, but within 5 minutes of meeting Taylor, I was panting and growling and ready to fuck her into oblivion. She was walking, talking, pure sex and I loved it.

She undid the button on her pants slowly and lowered her zipper the same way. She was teasing me. She shimmied out of the jeans bit by bit, exposing inch by glorious inch of flesh as she went. By the time she was done, I was ready to tear her panties off and take her right there, pressed up against the edge of the couch, my hand holding her head back by her hair as I pounded into her from behind. Teasing and Drew be damned.

Instead I took my shirt off slowly and looked back at Drew, who was now naked, save his boxers. He had an obvious hard-on and was taking in Taylor's nearly naked form.

"Panties, too?" I asked.

His gaze flickered to me momentarily, before returning to Taylor. "No, leave them on. Sit on the couch and have her kneel in front of you." He whispered to me in response.

I nodded to him and made my way over to the couch. I undid my pants and sighed in relief as I let them drop to the floor. My erection sprang up, tenting my boxers wickedly as I stepped out of my pants and moved them beside the couch.

I sat down and saw that Taylor's eyes had followed me. They ran down my chest, past my abs and lingered on my obvious arousal.

I smirked as her breathing picked up once again. "Taylor, come here."

She walked slowly over to me, her hips swaying seductively as she walked.

I sat back and levelled her with a stare. "Get on your knees." I told her.

She bit her lip as she lowered herself down to her knees in the couch in front of me. My hands gripped the couch fiercely, wishing it was her hair that I was gripping instead.

I tugged her lip out from between her teeth and then ran my thumb over her plump lower lip, spreading her saliva over it, making it glisten. I saw Drew walk silently over to us. He kneeled down behind her and put his hands gently on her hips.

He leaned forward so that his lips were next to her ear. "Take his boxers off, Taylor."

We were all nearly shivering, were all on edge. The silent air was filled with anticipation and it was affecting us all, but Taylor most of all. 

When she reached forward to remove my boxers, Drew had hooked a finger inside each side of her panties. Her movement caused them to tighten against her, putting pressure on her core. She moaned as her hands reached my boxers. She squirmed as she hooked her fingers in them, her touch brushing my hip bones and her ass brushing up against Drew's cock.

I lifted my ass of the couch as she slowly trailed my boxers down my leg, my nine and a half-inch cock springing up as it was freed of all confines. I groaned softly at the feeling while Taylor's eyes took me in.

Drew chuckled behind her. I saw movement and looked down to see his hand palming her over her panties. 

"Taylor, you are so warm and wet. I can feel how wet you are through your panties." She moaned and closed her eyes briefly as Drew continued to talk to her softly in her ear. "You want Jackson's cock don't you."

"Mmhmm. Yes, please Drew. I want Jackson's cock. Can I have it, Drew?"

He chuckled into her ear again, making her shiver. He then whispered more," Ask him, Taylor."

She swallowed and then licked her lips, looking from my cock to my face.

"Hi, Jackson," she said, speaking her first words directly to me. "Can I please have your cock, Jackson?"

My eyes flickering up to Drew were the only thing that kept me from exploding on her face at that moment.

"Remember what I told you in the car," he instructed.

She liked talking; the dirtier, the better.

I looked at her again, taking in the way she had bent over to rub her panty-clad pussy against Drew's hand and cock, the way she arched her lower back like she was in heat. Fuck, she was sexy.

I leaned in. "That depends, where do you what my cock?" I asked her, dark and low.

She whimpered, my cock leaked. "In my pussy. I want it to fuck me. I want it to make me scream, make me cum. I want it inside me."

Fuck me if her talking dirty wasn't the single hottest thing I had ever heard.

"Soon," I promised her, because I was fucking her tonight at some point, it was just a matter of when. "but not yet. Right now, you're going to suck my cock. You're going to make me cum in your mouth. Understood?"

She moaned as I spoke, and ground her ass further into Drew, making him hiss.

She nodded at, her pouty lips teasing me past sensibility.

I grabbed a fistful of her hair and guided her mouth down to my leaking erection. I watched as her pink tongue came out and licked the pre-cum off my tip.
