 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This is a fantasy story of a married couple preparing to have sex other people. It includes discussion of extramarital and unprotected sex, and a woman's desire for a giant cock that is not her husband's. If these topics offend you, please feel free to pass on to another story on this fine website.

*

The next morning Marci woke up late to find Bob already gone for work. She lay in bed thinking of the unbelievable circumstances that had swept her life into a one-hundred-eighty degree change. If it weren't for the soreness in her jaw and the smooth feeling of her hairless crotch, she could convince herself it hadn't happened. There was also that slightly new soreness under her tongue that she soon recognized was from licking Lisa's pussy. She went through her morning routine, trying not to think about it, but her newly unbridled lust for Josh's cock kept returning. She passed on going to the gym, knowing that she had to enact phase two if she was going to get a piece of Josh's magnificent tool on Saturday. To get it, she had to get Bob to fuck Lisa. 

She avoided playing with herself all morning, except in the shower, where she had to wash her shaved pussy. She lingered there a little longer, feeling the smooth sensual impression of her vaginal area. She explored her rear hole, too, feeling the absence of hair, and even touched her tight rear hole, pushing a fingertip inside. She's seen women in the videos getting fucked anally, and wondered how anything that big could fit inside such a small hole. 

She dressed, ate breakfast, and took her coffee to the computer in the den, and after checking her mail went right to the website with the video. She cruised the topics, searched for particulars, and bookmarked the ones she wanted. When she was finished she looked through the folder Lisa had left, got the address of a local adult toy boutique, and went shopping.

Even though it was thirty minutes from home, she sat in the parking lot, screwing up the courage to go inside. What if someone sees me, what if it's filled with dirty old men, what if I'm shocked by what's inside? After more than a few desperate minutes in her car, she turned it off and made her way inside. She barely noted that her car was the only one in the lot. 

When she entered, she noted a young woman behind the counter, pierced and tattooed, but a woman. She felt a little relief as the woman greeted her, and asked if she needed help finding anything. With a rush of confession, she blurted that she'd never been to a store like this, and the girl started talking to her, eased her nerves until she was more comfortable, and helped her make some selections. 

Home now, she dumped the bags out on the bed and reviewed her purchases. My God, she thought. If someone would have told me just this past Sunday that on Thursday afternoon I'd be looking at this, I'd have said they were crazy. But here I am, and I think it's me that's crazy.

Yeah. Cock crazy. You horny devil. 

She felt the twinge between her legs, and her nipples hardened slightly. On the bed were two vibrators and a realistic dildo. The vibes were different sizes, one was one of those complex clit-stimulating contraptions, the other was a slender ribbed affair, designed to stimulate the anus. The Anus, she thought in disbelief. And the dildo was slightly larger than Bob, designed to compensate with size and girth what you give up in heat and skin. 

There were some crotchless panties, and a bra with cutouts for her nipples. There was lube. There were nipple clamps. Nipple Clamps! All these things had been required by Lisa, and she had to use them in the next two days. 

The last thing on the bed was a costume. Lisa hadn't required it, but had suggested something to help "move Bob along", and she'd thought about it, and went with the idea. Tonight, when she sat him down at the desk to watch the videos, she would be dressed in her Naughty Maid Outfit.

She planned to dress in the costume, get used to wearing it, moving around in it, being a seductress in it. But first she had to do something. She removed all the items from their packaging, brought the vibes and dildo to the bathroom sink and washed them. She got batteries for the two vibrators and installed them. She brought them all to the bedroom and put everything in the nightstand drawer. She went to the bathroom, got a towel and put it on the floor, in front of the full length mirror, and stripped. She went back to the drawer and removed the slender, pink vibrator and the lube, and returned to the towel, and sat. She tried to angle her hips to see, couldn't; she got up and took pillows from the bed to support her. She tried again, still couldn't. Frustrated, she threw the pillows back to the bed, and lay on her side, pulled up her legs and looked into the mirror. 

She could see her anus. 

She'd seen women in the videos taking all sorts of cocks and plugs and dildos in their ass. Sure, the actresses looked like they enjoyed it, but even the amateurs in the homemade videos enjoyed it. She had never considered it, never mind done it. She reached behind herself, and watched her fingers touch her tight hole, watched it clench and loosen, watched it bulge out, and pull back. It was hairless, clean, and she had to admit, as sexy as the ones she'd seen in the videos. It was, well, pretty. She touched it, felt the sensations as her fingertips caressed the sensitive skin at the opening. She pressed a little, felt the urge to press harder, to pass inside. She reached for the lube and coated her finger, then rubbed the lube on her tight little starfish. It felt different now, slick and sexy. She pressed, and her finger slid inside, just the tip at first, and she watched it disappear, saw her tight hole open and accept the tip. She stretched her arm, and pushed it the rest of the way in.

Oh, sweet mother that was nice, she thought. She could see her finger inside her asshole. Fuck, it felt good, slipping inside, felt it moving in her. It was strange, feeling her ass resist and accept as she felt the same sensation on her finger. She clenched, released, pushed in and pulled out. She watched the hole close, then pushed back in, feeling the muscle ring resist, then give, then accept and want more. She pulled out, added more lube. She pumped her finger in and out slowly, finger fucking her own ass. It was hot, and different, and nasty, and she liked it.

She took her finger out and lubed the vibrator, and brought the tip to her ass. She took a second to relish the thought that she was going to insert a sex toy into her ass, and grinned. She slipped the slender tip inside, and watched as it went in, feeling the fullness as it passed her inner muscle, watched her outer ring open and accept the wider shaft as it entered. An inch, a second, third, until a full five inches were inside her ass. She clenched, felt it in her, and was enthralled by the new sensation. She saw the wide base outside her ass, the wire connected to it, and reached for the control with her free hand. 

Holy shit, she thought as she turned it on. She felt her entire body react as the stimulation ran through her ass, into her pussy, her stomach, her chest. She felt her nipples tighten and harden. It was a completely different feeling than anything she'd ever felt, and she stroked the slender toy in and out as it vibrated, feeling the various sensations at different lengths, feeling it move in and out as she stroked the toy in her anal passage. It felt hot, it looked hot. She turned it a little higher, and gasped as the vibrations shot through her ass, and she inhaled sharply, felt her ass clench involuntarily, increasing the sensation. She pushed it all the way in, feeling the vibrations spread to her pussy, and groaned. Releasing the controls, she moved her free hand between her legs, and as soon as she touched her clit, exploded in a giant orgasm. 

It took her a few minutes to recover, and then she used both hands, one moving the toy in and out of her ass, the other pushing two fingers into her cunt, fucking herself in both holes at once. The heel of her hand pressed against her clit, and she quickly came again, stronger, screaming her passion into the empty room, her pussy and ass clenching on her, as a third one followed immediately. Her legs shook and her body collapsed, and her fingers pulled out and she removed the toy. 

She lay panting on her side, eyes closed, heaving deep breaths, and then rolled onto her back as she came down from her climax. Holy fuck, she thought. What have I been missing? She brought her fingers to her mouth and licked her juices off, tasting herself, feeling nothing unusual about the action. She formed the thought, consciously, and said it out loud. "I like the way my pussy tastes," she said, "and I enjoy having my ass stimulated." She sat up, looked at herself in the mirror, her legs apart, her pussy open and wet. Could I take a cock in my ass? Could I get fucked in my ass? She knew she liked the feeling of her pussy filled with cum. Would it feel good to have her ass filled, too?

Her curiosity satisfied for now, she washed the toy, returned it to the drawer, and started dressing in her costume.

When Bob came home she greeted him at the door, dressed in her maid outfit, in heels no one would ever clean a house in, and her hair put up. "Good evening, Mr. Cole," she said in a pretend, slightly accented voice, "Mrs. Cole had to step out, but she has left me instructions for taking care of you tonight." She took him by the arm and escorted him inside. He watched her ogling her cleavage, her small breasts held up and out by the shelf bra that made her bare nibbles rub against her shirt. "Your bath is prepared, sir," she said as they walked to the master bedroom, "Please undress and I'll be in to attend you." As she released his arm at the bathroom door, she watched him take in the ultra short skirt. Smiling, she said, "I'll be back in a minute. Please undress and get into the tub before the water cools." She twirled as she left, allowing her skirt to flare out, showing her bare buttocks. 

She went downstairs, retrieved the filled wine glasses, and returned. Bob was settled in. He had the same look on his face as when he'd entered, and still hadn't spoken. She gave him the wine, and he sipped, staring at her. "I hope you like it," she said, "Mrs. Cole said you would." 

"Yes, it's very nice," he finally spoke, "Thank you, Miss..."

"You can call me Missy."

"All right, Missy," he said, "Thank you for the wine, and for running my bath." He looked at her; she was glad he was playing along. "What else did my wife ask you to do for me?" he asked, smiling wickedly.

"Oh-h, one step at a time, Sir," she replied. "First things first." She went to the cabinet, took out the shaving gear and depilatory cream. "She said she had promised this, and didn't want to disappoint you." She began preparing the process as he finished washing and rinsed off. She drained the water and directed him to his knees. "I see, Mrs. Cole was correct, you have a fine ass, a good man ass," she giggled, "but it is, as she said, a little hairy." She applied the depilatory cream with her hand, coating his cheeks, and working it into the crack, applying it delicately around his crinkled hole. It moved and flexed every time she got close, winking at her. She wondered if he would enjoy some stimulation there, and tucked that into her brain for another time. She coated down below his cheeks, the backs of this thighs, and down close to his balls. While she was there, she thought, what the hell, and did his back and shoulders as he waited, patiently. She talked to him as she worked.

"Mrs. Cole said I should use my judgment on your back, sir," she chirped in her fake accent. "I think she may enjoy the result. You have good muscles, nicely developed, I guess you must work out."

"I exercise pretty regularly," he answered. "I'm no body builder."

"Yes, it's true. But good form, not overdone. A nice back to go with your nice butt," she giggled. "A shame to hide it under the sweater."

"Sweater?!"

"I am teasing, sir, you are not like some men, like a gorilla, no," she reassured him, "but nicer to feel just skin, for the lady, yes?" She rinsed her hands under the faucet. "When the lady has her arms around you, on your back, when you are, you know, giving her the good time, yes?"

He chuckled, and she smiled to herself. She was enjoying the Missy character, and he seemed to be liking it too. She'd keep this in the repertoire for the future.

"Yes," he laughed lightly, "Mrs. Cole likes when I give her 'the good time'"

"Of course she does, a big strong man like you," she teased, checking the time. "What woman would not like the good time from you, yes?" She began rinsing, rubbing lightly so as not to irritate the skin. 

"She gives me a pretty good time, too," he told her. 

"Yes, she told me, sir," she finished rinsing, admiring the smooth hairless shoulders, running her hands down his back. "She was very sorry that she could not be here to give it to you tonight, the good time," her hands ran over his smooth, hairless butt cheeks, admiring the feel of her work, and ran a fingers down his crack, to his ass hole, and below." She told me that you may require me to, how she said, 'cover for her', if you like."

"Oh she did, did she? That little minx." 

"Oh, yes sir. Please get up now, sit here for me, please." She directed him to sit on the edge of the tub, his feet on the outside. She took up the scissors and began trimming his pubic hair. "Yes, she told me that when I am done, you may need to have the good time with me -- spread your legs a little bit more, sir, like that, good -- and that it was okay for me to give you what you want, whatever you want." She trimmed as closely as possible, careful not to nick the skin. She moved his cock and balls with one hand, trimmed with the other. She felt his cock start to fill up and enlarge. "She tells me it is okay with her if you give the good time to me, that she likes that, but was sorry she could not watch you give it to me."

"Oh, she did, did she?"

"Oh yes, sir," she exaggerated, spreading the shave cream liberally on his cock and balls, feeling him grow more. "Oh, you like the cream, the way it feels when I put it on, yes?" She giggled. "It feels good to me, too, sir." She took up the razor, and started from the underside of his ball sack. "Please sit still, now, sir, while Missy takes care, not to hurt you, yes? It would be a terrible thing to injure this," she cupped his ball sack, "or this." She grasped his cock at the base. He was almost fully hard. 

She worked silently for the next minutes, diligently removing the hair from his crotch, exposing his smooth crinkled ball sack, shaving the growth from the base of his shaft, and from around the base. She caressed each area with her hand as she finished, checking for stubble and roughness. When she was done, she wiped him with a warm towel, then stood him in the tub to rinse with water. Afterwards she rubbed the area with witch hazel, and the vitamin e oil, to prevent irritation. 

"Oh, very nice, sir, I am sure Mrs. Cole will be happy with the result," she cooed, stroking the smooth exposed skin. Fuck, she thought, it felt incredible, and looked so sexy, so desirable. She stood, and handed him a robe. "I hope you like it, please come with me, now, sir, Mrs. Cole gave me instructions for your entertainment."

She led him downstairs to the den, swishing her ass provocatively in front of him. She knew he was watching, he made appreciative sounds as she swayed. Before seating him in the leather desk chair, she stood and faced the monitor, legs slightly apart in her heels. She bent as the waist and made a show of setting up the browser, finding the bookmarks she had saved. She felt the skirt ride up in the back, fully exposing her bare ass and pussy to his view. She needed a commitment tonight, she couldn't go another day risking that he would not join her on Saturday, willingly. Based on last night's results with the videos, the dirty talk and suggestive comments, she hoped that tonight would seal the deal. The subjects of the videos would steer the dialogue to fucking other people, and the role playing could set the situation for confirmation. She had to get him to fuck Lisa, so that she could fuck Josh. She set the first video, and stood and turned, looked at him staring at her ass. 

"Oh, Mr. Cole, did I show too much? Mrs. Cole told me to wear this just so, but I am afraid it is a little short." He smiled, and she feared he might slip out of character as he approached the seat.

"Not at all, Missy, it looks great on you, and you look terrific in it. My wife has a great fashion sense." 

"Oh, thank you, sir," she replied, please sit and relax. Mrs. Cole has prepared some things, for which she has instructed me to ask your opinion." She pretended to be embarrassed and coy. "I am afraid that that some of the things I might say may be too, I think, familiar. I am sorry if I seem a little shy to say them. What you might think of me."

"Missy," he told her, "don't you worry, you just do what Mrs. Cole told you, and say it the way she instructed you, and I'll tell her what a fantastic job you did." He patted her hand. "You've already had your hands on my dick, and my ass and my balls, and showed me your pretty butt." He grinned. "No need to be too reserved now."

She wiggled, and pulled up the second chair alongside his. "Thank you, sir." She clicked the link, and started the first video. A guy was fucking a blonde, while a brunette watched. She glanced to see the tent begin to rise in his lap. "Your wife wants to know, do you like to watch the girl getting fucked? You like to see the cock going into her pussy? Yes?"

"Yes, I do Missy."

"It is nice, yes? She says you see the other lady, watching? She says would you like to have a lady watching you, when you fuck that lady?"

"Sure. That would be hot."

The tent had risen fully, and his cock had pushed his robe open, and was sitting straight up in his lap. Nice. On the screen the man pulled out of the blonde, and pushed the brunette onto her back, and plowed straight into her. "Do you like then to fuck the other lady too, like that man?"

"Of course I would."

"Mrs. Cole wants to know which one do you want her to be, the first or the second?" The blonde was watching now, waiting for her turn, and pinching the brunette's nipples. "She says she wishes to see you fucking the lady, she does not care if she is first or second." She lowered her voice. "She wants to watch you fuck the lady good." On screen the man switched back, but not before stuffing his wet cock into the blonde's mouth straight from the brunette's pussy. "She says she likes to watch you fuck, and wants to see your shaved cock inside the lady's pussy. And she said." She reached for his cock, "I should give you a squeeze when I tell you." She applied a little pressure to his shaft, and was rewarded with a drop of pre-cum at the tip. She bent over, and licked it off. 

On screen the man had switched back to the brunette. The blonde had her face resting on the woman's stomach, darting her tongue at her clit and the cock fucking her cunt. The man groaned, but didn't pull out for a money shot in the blonde's face, instead he groaned and grunted as he came inside her. "Here," she pointed, "Mrs. Cole said she wanted to be the blonde lady," as the cock slipped out, followed by a river of cum flowing from the gaping pussy, and the blonde pushed closer, licking the cum as it oozed out. "She said she wants to see you give it to the lady, so she can take it from her."

"Missy, I think my wife can be a nasty, horny slut." He turned to her. "Can you imagine that? My wife wants to lick my cum from another woman's cunt after watching me fuck her." He grinned. "That's so hot." He paused. "I don't know if she would ever really do it, but hearing her say it really makes my dick hard."
