 Megan and Taylor Branch had enjoyed the party as always. They had enjoyed the socializing and the flirting and when things began to happen they were right in the thick of it. Megan had put on a bit of a show. She had been undressed in the living room by two of the other men and had been taken repeatedly on the upholstered ottoman. Taylor had watched his wife as was usual until a shorthaired blonde suggested they go back to the bedroom. After the blonde he had fucked a brunette that was new to the lifestyle. The woman's husband had stayed close holding her hand. He had suggested they go out some time. Sitting on the patio drinking wine while his wife continued to entertain and be entertained in the living room he got to know them better.

Tammy was a bit plump and tattooed. She was not the type of woman he was typically drawn to but wasn't that part of what the lifestyle was all about. He hadn't been drawn to Asian women but had enjoyed a night with one. He had never had a thing for black women but on vacation that time they had met a mixed race couple and "played" with them the rest of the week. Tammy was younger, married to an older man. Taylor did mental math as they talked, he was right in between the two of them.

"He's not really interested in participating. I mean, I don't think he's against it, he just doesn't seem to be excited about it." She had said.

"Megan can be very persuasive," Taylor said, trying to be suggestive.

"She'd gorgeous," The woman said. They could see through the patio doors to where Meg was now on her back. Their friend Andy was fucking her and she had a cock in each hand. Tammy's husband was standing with a naked couple and a thin woman in only panties watching. It was deliciously vulgar. "Does she... I mean, is she... bi?" Tammy said sheepishly. She blushed and both her cheeks and her bare breasts turned pink.

"No, that really isn't her thing." I said not meaning to apologize but realizing as the words came out that's what it sounded like.

"That's too bad." Said his new friend quietly.

When Meg was done she was done. She extricated herself from the men, sought out a bottle of water, and found Taylor and Tammy chatting on the patio. She sat down beside them and they went through introductions and the two women now covered much of the same ground they had just talked through.

"I should find my clothes." Tammy said finally. It was just before eleven.

"Ugh, me too. And maybe a damp towel." Said Meg. Taylor hadn't said anything. A filthy little perverted part of him liked to see his sweaty wife, just fucked, with cum dripping down her chest.

"Wait, let me." said the little brunette. Taylor was surprised to see his wife smile devilishly. She sat back in her chair and parted her legs. Tammy slid from her chair to her knees. She ran her tongue over his wife's nipple. Kissed her chest between her breasts. Kissed her belly in an awkward sort of way and then descended on her thigh.

This wasn't the first time this sort of thing had happened. They had been at parties where, with three or four couples knotted together in a single bed a woman had placed her mouth somewhere on Meg's body. Her response was typically a gentle nudge unless the woman tried to kiss her and then she would be more firm and tell the woman no. She didn't say anything on this night. She rolled her head backwards and parted her legs, raising one of them to the arm of the chair.

"Ow. Gentle." She whispered. Taylor took in the scene before him. The woman was covered in ornate tattoos. Her long hair cascaded down her back. Her broad ass was pale and quivered a little as the woman ate out his wife. It didn't take long before his wife yelped like a small dog that had gotten itself under foot and stepped on. Megan snapped her legs closed and rolled to her side.

"I'm sorry." Said their new friend.

"No. Don't be. That was good." Taylor reassured her. He moved to the concrete beside the woman and kissed her slowly. She tasted like his wife.

"Did you have fun?" he asked her in the car as they drove home. He liked that there wasn't pressure to drink too much at those things and that they didn't have to get a car to take them home.

"My Jaw is sore." She said. "I've never done that before?"

"I know! You surprised me!" The thought of watching a woman go down on his wife flashed through his head.

"Three was a lot. When Paul joined the party I just said fuck it and went for it."

"Oh, you meant before."

"Yeah. Did you get to watch at all? I saw you slip away." 

"I watched you." He said. He put his hand on her thigh in a reassuring way. He had watched some before he had been pulled away.

"Did you have fun? I saw you slip away with Sandra and then come back with, what was her name, Tammy?"

"I kept myself busy."

"Did you get two girls at once?" It was something he hadn't done yet. It wasn't that he wasn't open to the idea; he just wasn't sure exactly how to pull it off. A cock needs recovery time; please two women at once as thoroughly as he felt was necessary, seemed more of a challenge than he was up to.

"No." he smiled softly at her. "I told you, I don't see how that works. A woman can please two men pretty easily."

"Or three... Shit... I guess four!" she was being dirty. He liked it. "Yeah, by the way, did you get her number?"

"Who?"

"Your new girlfriend."

"No."

"Aww. She was into you."

"She was into you too." He teased as they pulled into their neighborhood. 

"Yes she was." His wife's tone suggested she was thinking about the woman and again, he thought of his wife's legs open to the caresses of the woman's tongue.

Talking through their night had them both aroused as they slipped into bed. They made love slowly and delicately in the dark.

She did not think a forty-year-old woman should find herself obsessed with sex but she found the week was passing around her as she struggled to concentrate. She woke up with soreness the next morning that persisted through Monday and Tuesday. The worst of it was, when she felt the soreness, she flashed back to being gangbanged by four fat cocks, sucking and fucking till she couldn't take it anymore and then sucking and fucking some more. When she thought about it, she got herself worked up and then she had to find Taylor and use him like a stud pony.

She wasn't sure if it was guilt or love but she wanted to share this feeling with him.

"What was your girlfriends name again, the one from the party?"

"Sandra? You know Sandy. Or Tammy, the new one."

"Tammy. What was her husband's name? I told you to get her number."

"I would have, but they aren't really into the same things."

"Yeah, well... maybe that's good."

"She likes girls." He said, thinking that was enough.

"Yeah. I noticed. You liked that."

"I did. But it's not your thing."

"It's not for me. It's for you."

"That's really not necessary," he said. She smiled at him. If she thought he found it necessary she would probably have been mad at him. The fact that he was resistant was why she was doing it.

She wasn't on the website much and she had to learn how to search and sort the swinger profiles. It reminded her why she wasn't on much, the vast majority of the singles and couples that sought group sex on the Internet was not a turn on for her. Yes, searching younger profiles the swingers were better looking but they were also more aggressive and she couldn't help but notice, slightly more deviant.

Few profiles had any pictures of faces and it was really a guessing game. Finally she gave up and sent a note to Dave and Dana, the hosts of last week's party. She was looking to get in touch with the tattooed brunette with the older husband.

Dana was the one that replied. Tammy was her sister. They didn't have a profile or anything. Dana sent her an email address and a phone number and wished her good luck.

"Hey there. I got your number from my sister. I just wanted to say it was nice to meet you. Maybe we can all get together some time and grab a drink." It was a very typical first message. Megan didn't expect a response for a while. Typically a couple would have to talk about it first. The response surprised her when her phone chirped in her hand.

The passed pleasantries back and forth for a while before the girl, Megan went back and forth in her mind considering the younger woman a girl and a woman, asked her about the gangbang. Fuck if it didn't change Megan's attitude almost immediately. As she described the challenges and pleasures of being taken by four men she found herself turned on again. The woman on the other end of the conversation only made it worse with her questions. "Did you try DP? I've never had the chance, you know, to have three cocks, but if I did, I would want all three in me. I don't know if I could do it but I would love to try."

Megan hadn't tried that. Only Taylor could have her ass and he had been busy. Megan asked the woman about her husband. The two discussed the challenges of an older man. He was so much better a man than any of the boys she had dated. Life was so much better than it had been with her first husband. The sex though, well, she was only 32 and sometimes she was left wanting.

"Are you bi?" Megan asked outright.

"I guess so. I don't think of it as being bisexual. I have been with women before. I've been with another couple before. I am not like, bisexual, in that I think about lady parts though. I think I am just horny. I'll fuck what's in front of me." She followed that up with a string of yellow smiley faces and a little icon of a penis and then one of a vagina.

"I don't think I could." Megan told her.

"Um, I think you did!" she replied.

"I mean... reciprocate."

"It helps to be stoned."

"You smoke?!?!?!?!" she used the excessive punctuation to express he shock.

"Every day, is that bad?"

"We haven't had stoned sex in years." Megan was reminded of younger days when she and Taylor had the little house in the bad neighborhood and would get stoned and take turns going down on each other for hours. It was when the idea of having someone join them had first come up. They didn't act on it for a decade but the idea was sparked when they were fuzzy headed and horny.

She shook herself back to reality and got to the point. "So your Richard doesn't participate? He just likes to watch."

"He worries about me but yeah. I think if he knew and trusted who I was with he probably wouldn't even watch."

She rephrased it in her head twenty times before simply saying it as to the point as possible. "Maybe some time we can get together and give Taylor a three-way, just make him the center of attention."

"Is that his fantasy?" the girl asked.

"I don't know that it's a fantasy, he says he's not really into it, can't figure out how to please two women at once."

"We should get stoned." Tammy suggested.

"Fuck yeah!" Megan responded.

Tammy wasn't available that weekend; she had some family thing she needed to do. In bed early on Saturday night touching, teasing and flirting, she suggested it to Taylor who again said he wasn't going to say no but he didn't see it happening. She smiled and kept her conversations a secret. "You don't want us both to suck your cock?"

"Um yeah, that would probably be good." He mumbled. 

"Lay back and close your eyes and imagine it." She told him, and then went down on him licking and sucking him as she hummed gently.

Taylor sensed that something was up. His wife had been this friendly once before. It had been his birthday last year and she had been planning a party. He had picked up on the details a couple of days before when he found instructions for tying a toga sitting on the printer. It had been a good party. The various female guests had passed him around. He figured whatever she was planning would be fun.

It would be a lie to say it didn't cross his mind. She had asked him about his fantasies a couple of times. He said he had already covered most of them, and was a happy man. She had smiled and promised to make him happier. She had warned him not to make plans for Friday night and he looked forward to the night with only the slightest twinge of apprehension. Thursday night he couldn't sleep and after rolling about it bed for a while he decided to wake her up. He rolled her from her side to her back and she grunted disapproval. When he moved to her pussy, wrapped delicately in forest green lace panties, she stopped grunting and purred.

"I keep thinking of watching that woman eat your just fucked pussy."

"I think she was disappointed they had all worn condoms."

"Hmmm..." he had tugged the panties aside and licked her slick lips slowly. "You want her to lick my cum out of your sweet pussy?"

Megan growled, arched her back, and gripped his hair pulling his mouth to her.

"Maybe I need to be the one licking a pussy, would you like that?" she purred. He nearly came inside his boxers at the thought.

He teased her, pretending to take his time. She claimed they weren't meeting anyone but firmly pushed him to be at the bar by six. She had worn her Marilyn dress. He was smitten. She was simply the sexiest thing he had ever seen. She had never worn the dress out to a restaurant. The halter plunged too low the material was too thin to hide the outline of her dark round nipples. She was simply luscious. She had him valet the car. They were late.

He saw Tammy the minute they stepped in the door. She was the type of woman who stood out. She had her hair pulled back like Rosie the riveter in the famous poster. Her steel grey eyes were enlarged by thick horn rimed glasses. Her forties look was topped off by the bare shoulder dress. It was black with a pattern of bright red and green cherries. The word that came to mind was rockabilly. She was with her husband and although

He thought the man's name was Richard he would be careful until he was sure. He was older than Taylor remembered, balding and gray, he had a white mustache. He rose to greet them and unlike swingers are supposed to he shook Megan's hand. Tammy, on the other hand, greeted them as expected. She hugged Taylor and gave him a gentle kiss on the lips then stepped to Megan and greeted her in exactly the same way. 

Taylor watched his wife intently. Her eyes grimaced slightly when the woman kissed her but she accepted the embrace and he even thought it appeared as though she kissed the woman back.

Over cocktails they chatted like any other couple. They discussed what they all did for work and talked about children. His were grown but Tammy had a six-year-old son. They talked about colleges and hometowns and their first drinks slowly disappeared. They ordered another round.

"I need a smoke." Tammy declared. "Are you coming?" the woman asked Megan.

"Yes!" she said excitedly surprising Taylor. He watched as the women walked sauntered toward the door enjoying the way their asses moved.

"They seem to be getting along well." Richard observed.

"They do! I never trust that. I wonder what sort of Lucy and Ethel schemes they are plotting."

"Oh, I think I know exactly what Tamera has in mind." He said smiling. Taylor knew precisely how he felt. He too got excited by his wife being excited.

Richard gave away a little more than he was probably supposed to. He said that he was glad he came. He liked getting know her friends. He mentioned she had needed new friends and suggested that there were playmates in the past but that it had been a while. He mentioned her having had women and that it was important to him that she got the chance to "meet those needs." He told Taylor he didn't mind her being with other men either, if they were the right type of men. 

Taylor suggested he come too. He even offered the man his wife suggesting she wasn't really into women.

"No, thank you though, this is her night. In fact, I should go. I already had two of these, another and I shouldn't be driving."

The girls walked in the door arm in arm, the image of the two women, dressed almost in costumes, their bare arms locked around each other, drew the attention of everyone around. They giggled.

Richard passed them on the way to the table. He kissed his wife lovingly and then was pulled to Megan's lips as well. It was wildly inappropriate but they didn't come to this place often, who really cared. The women joined him sitting on either side of him. Their eyes were half closed. They gripped his thighs beneath the table each of them taking one of his legs for their own.

Taylor offered to buy dinner but they weren't interested. It was just barely seven and still light out. He suggested it was a little early without suggesting what exactly it was too early for.

The drive home was torture. The girls were making the most out of making a scene. They had started kissing him, pulling him from one side to another and giggling at his embarrassment. He had called for the check, tipped heavily and walked them to the door. As they waited for the car to be pulled up his wife took to standing behind him going so far as to place her hands in his pockets. 

"Are you stoned?" he had to ask, finally putting it together. She held her hand up, her thumb and index finger close but not touching in the international symbol for "just a little." When the car pulled up the girls slid into the back seat. Tammy flashed her broad pale ass and Megan slapped it gently. He shook his head, tipped the valet and moved around to drive them home.

He could watch briefly but focused on his driving listening to them in the back seat.

"I've been kissed. Usually against my will, but I never kissed a girl before."

"You seem to have it down." Said their new friend. He allowed himself to look in the read view craning his neck to adjust the view. The women's red lips slid against each other, Tammy cupped his wife's breast.

"Slippery." Megan gigged.

"Lip gloss." The other woman responded. The moist kissing sounds replaced their conversation.

"Oh!" his wife yelped.

"You don't have panties on."

"No I dooooonnnn't" she moaned. In the mirror he caught a glimpse of them kissing. Twisting his neck awkwardly he saw Tammy's hand had disappeared beneath his wife's short dress. His cock throbbed. He drove quickly -their delicate humming coming from the back seat the whole way. 

Inside the house Tammy darted off for the restroom. Megan instructed him to make some glasses of water. He stood fuzzy headed in the kitchen unprepared for his Friday night.

"Stick your tongue out." She told her husband. It had been a chore to find the little packet of diamond shaped blue pills. They had been passed to him by one of their friends in the lifestyle, a GP from the North Valley.

"Really. I don't think I need it." He placed her hand on the front of her pants. She gripped his hard cock through his trousers. "If I go blind or have an erection lasting four hours, call a physician, okay?"

"Normally that is my nightmare but I have help tonight." She cooed. She continued to hold his dick. "I need to sit down."

Tammy reappeared from the guest bath just in time. She greeted them with a simple "Hi," that sounded far more suggestive than it should have.

"I HAVE to lie down." Meg repeated and with her glass of water in hand she padded out of the kitchen.

"Hi," Taylor said to the quirky brunette and reached out for her, his hand falling lightly on her waist above her broad hips. He pulled her to him. "I have been dying to kiss you for hours."

"Mmmm. Me too." She smiled at him. Her body filled his arms as their lips met and tongues touched. He moved his mouth to her neck. "We should go find Megan, we don't want her to be lonely."

"Yes we should."

He took her by the hand and led her to the bedroom where they found his wife posed on the floor. Her legs were curled up beneath her. She had put on her glasses. 
