 This is part two to Taxi Fare. I hope it is enjoyed. Please feel free to rate and comment after you read the story. I really love the feedback. I will write more if it is wanted. Thank you for reading. 

*****

Melody has not seen her cab driver Jamal in a week. She was so sore after Jamal and Marcus got way more than the cost of the fare. The memory of being used by the two black men has been a distraction all week. It took two pages in her diary to get it all down. She is holding the card with his name and number on it. Flipping it over and over in her fingers she decides to call for a ride. She dials the number. It rings three times before it is answered. 

"Hello, This is Jamal. How may I help you?" She smiles at his accent. 

"Ummm...Jamal, This is Melody. You left me your card after we settled my fare with you. Do you remember me?" 

The smile can be heard in his chuckle and voice. "Ahhh...Yes I remember you very well. What can I do for you pretty lady?" 

Melody smiles and bites her lip. "I ummm...could use a ride this evening. Around 9. Picked up at my apartment." She blushes. She hopes there might be a repeat performance but she is doubting it.

"Nine? I can do that. Be last fare of the evening. Where might you be going? Just so I can report the time." Jamal is already making plans for the last ride of the night and the best one. 

"Ummm...Going to the new club. Nexxus? Do you know it?" 

"Sure do. I will be there at 9 pretty lady. See you then." He disconnects the call and immediately sends his pal Marcus a text. Melody swallows. She is not sure what she has gotten herself into but she hopes it is something not so good. 

Melody is standing at the curb to her building at 9 pm. She has on a tight curve clinging royal blue mini dress. It is strapless and zips up the side. The hem just covers her ass. She has on a pair of silver high heels. The way the dress clings she had to wear a tiny thong under her dress. No bra. Her nipples are already pressing into the thin satin of her dress. A cab pulls up in front of her. Her pulse quickens as she recognizes the driver immediately. She gets into the back seat

"Good evening pretty lady. Nexxus Right?" He reaches over and turns off his on duty sign and the fare meter. 

Melody sitting in the middle of the back seat nods. "Yes...Nexxus please." The drive through the city does not take long. She has no idea where the club is. The cab pulls up to a building that look like an old warehouse. The door rolls up at the honk of the cab's horn. The car rolls in and the door closes behind the cab. 

Jamal gets out of the car and opens the back door. "Step out pretty lady." Melody slides out of the car. She tugs down the hem of dress and looks around. She feels tiny next to Jamal. He takes her by her arm and takes her deeper into the warehouse. Her heart is fluttering. 

"Whe..Where are we going?" Melody stumbles after him. Her short legs having a hard time keeping up with his long strides. He stops at a dingy mattress on the floor. 

"Down girl. You know how to does this." He gives her a shove and she trips on the mattress. She moves to her knees. Turning around she watches as Jamal opens his pants and lets them fall. His long dark cock bounces free. Melody moves to him. Her delicate fingers lift his cock. She licks the dark purple swollen tip. His fingers tangle in her hair. He pulls her head forward pushing his cock into her mouth. She gags as the cock pushes into her throat. 

Her lips tight around the shaft. Her head bobbing back and forth along it. Jamal is thrusting her hips back and forth as well. "Nnnnn...damn girl...I think this is better then last time." Melody sucks and slurps on the big black cock. 

Melody is startled hearing another voice from behind her. The hold on her head keeps her from jerking back. She recognizes the voice from before. Marcus is here. "Same girl as last time Jamal? Goooood...I like this one." He slips off his shoes and completely takes off his pants this time. His cock already hard. "My turn girl..." Melody's head is pulled from Jamal's cock and Marcus shoves his cock into her mouth. 

"Why not man? She is a good fuck. She called me this time...she is wanting it." He steps out of his pants. His glistening cock pointing straight out. "Ass or pussy man?" He stands next to Marcus. Melody moves to his cock. She is gasping as she goes from one large black cock to the other. They take turns pulling her from each other's cock and shoving their own cock into her mouth.

Jamal pushes Melody onto her back on the filthy mattress. "Damn I need to fuck you girl? Hope you did not have any other plans tonight." He drops to his knees and pushes up the hem of her dress. "Fuck this...Get that off." 

Melody reaches under her arm and pulls the zipper down. She wiggles out of the satin dress. Marcus grabs it and tosses it to the side. Jamal jerks her panties off. She is left in just her silver heels. Melody bites her bottom lip. Jamal hooks her legs over his arms and leans over her body. He lines up and slams into Melody with one hard thrust. 

Melody cries out "AHHHHH!!" She is filled completely with the large black cock. Her tits bounce freely from the thrust. Jamal keeps her folded in half. He starts to slam his cock in and out of her pussy. She opens her eyes to look up. Marcus is standing over her. He is stroking his cock. She licks her lips and Marcus drops down by her head. He grabs a hold of her hair. 

Melody opens her lips and is rewarded with Marcus' thick cock filling her mouth. She moans around the thick cock. Marcus keeps a hand in her hair guiding her head along his cock. His other hand kneading one of her large tits. "You pick good girls Jamal...This is one worth keeping. My woman find out...white girl be getting a beating you know." 

"No shit man...Nnnnnhhh little girl is tight...My girl be beating me if she find out." Melody's knees hooked over Jamal's strong arms keeps her bent in half. He is hitting in her deep. Melody's pussy is twitching with each deep thrust. The swollen tip hitting a wonderful deep spot. Her whole body tenses. Her scream is muffled by the cock filling her mouth. Her pussy ripples and clamps around Jamal's cock. Juices flood from her. 

"Fuuuuuck she is even tighter when she cums...hope litte slut is on something." Jamal continues to pound into Melody's spasming pussy. He slams in and grunts. His cock swells and he fills her with his seed. Melody feels the warm cum coating her. Her orgasm intensifies with him filling her.

Marcus gives her head a shake. "Focus girl..." Melody groans around the shaft. She starts to suck on the cock thrusting in and out of her mouth. "Ahhh...better." Coming down from the orgasm her head is swimming. The grip in her hair tight. Her pussy dripping with mixed juices. 

Jamal slides out of her and sits back grinning. "Need a minute man. She is yours." Marcus gives Jamal a grin

"Many thanks man. On your knees little slut...Going to fuck you hard from behind." Melody nods taking several deep breaths. She rolls over and turns around on her hands and knees. Her heavy tits hanging from her. Marcus takes a firm grip on Melody's bubble ass and slams in. 

Melody cries out "AHHHH!! FUUUCKKKK...YESSS...OH FUUUCK YESSSS!" Slapping is heard as Marcus starts to pound into Melody from behind. His heavy sac slapping into her ass. His cock spreading her open. He hits the deep spot even harder going in deeper from this position. Melody's head is hanging. Her lips open as she lets the noises spill from her lips. "Nnn...nnn...nnnh...oh fuck..." She squeals and whimpers with the glorious black cock possessing her. 

Melody looks up watching Jamal stroking his cock. His cock is growing. He scoots closer and lays on the ground. He spreads his legs and puts his cock right under his little slut passenger's nose. She takes ahold of his cock with one hand. Her tongue comes out. She licks around the swollen purple tip. Jamal moans softly. His cock twitching. 

Melody wraps her lips around the fat tip. She sucks hard on it. Her head starts to bob up and down the thick shaft. She gets more of Jamal's cock into her mouth. Some hits her throat. She can't get the full length into her mouth. He grabs ahold of her short hair. She is sliding his cock in and out of her mouth at the same rate Marcus is pounding into her. 

Marcus brings a hand up and slaps her has leaving a hand print. "Fucking good pussy girl but I want some of that ass." He pulls out of her pussy. His cock glistening with juices. He presses the thick purple tip against her tight rose bud. He pushes forward and the tip pops into her. She flinches and jerks forward. A loud moan from her cock stuffed mouth. 

Marcus swats her white ass again. "none of that slut. Take that cock slut." He leans forward and pushes into her slowly. Melody's ass stretches wide as the cock splits her open. She moans around Jamal's cock. 

"Nnnnnnhhh...mmmmmmmm" Melody closes her eyes as her ass is filled. He pauses as he sheaths his full cock into her ass. He slowly pulls out and pauses. He leans over and lets a wad of saliva land on his cock. Fingers digging into her flesh he slams his full thick 9 inches into her. She cries out and tries to pull off Jamal's cock. Marcus starts to pound into her. Jamal keeps his cock in her mouth

"You are an ass man, man. Her ass that good?" He keeps Melody's head bobbing up and down on his cock. 

"Fuck yeah...She is tighter...and way younger then Stella. Stella won't let me fuck her like little white girl will. Wonder what the other guys would think of her." His strong fingers hold Melody's hips still as his hips pound his cock deep into her ass.

Jamal grins giving that some thought. "Yeah man. I bet they will love her. Think she could take all that Island Black cock." His hips are thrusting up as her head is bobbing up and down his shaft. The sounds of slurping and moaning coming from her lips. 

Melody tenses, trapped between the two huge cocks. Her orgasm hits her hard. Her ass and pussy clamp down. She just hears Marcus grunt as her pussy is flooded with juices. She flows easily with just her ass filled. "Fuuuuck she got tighter." He pulls out and swats her ass. She is left suddenly empty. 

Jamal tugs her by her hair up her body. "Come ride this cock slut. Let Marcus rest a minute." She lifts her head popping his cock from her mouth. 

Melody is panting as she crawls up Jamal's body. Her voice a whisper. "Oh with pleasure. I can't get enough." She straddles his hips. Reaching between her thighs she takes ahold of his thick shaft. She hisses as she lowers her body onto his thick cock. The thick tip parting her wide. Her eyes roll up as she impales herself on his meat. "Ahhh...Fuuuck yes" 

Jamal brings his large hands up and captures a tit in each hand. His fingers knead each one roughly. Melody starts by leaning back and lifting her body with her legs. She lowers her body down onto the thick shaft. She hisses as his cock fills her. Her lips parted, head back, tits pushed out. She rides him slowly letting her well used pussy adjust to his cock. 

Melody starts to ride faster and harder. She is taking him in as deep as she can. Her body moving faster and harder on his cock. She is close to exploding again. The number of orgasm and their intensity makes her want more and more. She leans forward. Her tits pressing into Jamal's strong callused hands. She is riding his this impaled cock as fast as she can. She wants to cum and cum hard. Jamal thrust his hips up hard just as she comes down. 

Melody breaks and screams. Her voice echoing in the room. Her body shudders on the thick black cock. Jamal grunts and keeps thrusting into her. "Fuck...Her cumming is good man. I think she needs both cocks now." 

Melody is leaning forward. Her head nods. Her voice soft and begging. "Yes please...I need you both. Please...Please." 

Marcus moves behind Melody. Jamal is grinning. "Our little slut is asking for it man." 

Jamal has his cock at her spread bud. "Then let's not keep the lady waiting." He plunges into her ass. Melody screams as he fills her. Both large black cocks buried in her deep. Her mouth hangs open as she starts to whimper and pant. 

Jamal pulls out slowly and goes back in. Marcus feeling Jamal move pulls out as Jamal pushes in. They alternate pushing their cocks into Melody's body. Melody is gloriously trapped between them. Her tits in Jamal's hands. 

They both pick up their rhythm. One cock being slammed into Melody as the other is coming out. Both cocks spearing into her hard and fast. Melody's body is rocking between the two men. She lets out gasp and moans with each thrust. 

"Damnnnn...Jamal. I am going to fill this tight ass. Nnnnnn...fuuuuck" Marcus slams in hard. He loses the rhythm they had. They both just start just pounding away at her body. Sometimes she is filled with one cock. Sometimes both cocks are in her. She cries out as they both take her and abuse her. 

Jamal is mauling her tits. His thick fingers digging into her flesh. Marcus has a death grip on her ass. He lifts one beefy hand and brings it down on her ass. Both men are grunting with their thrusting. Melody is whimpering and gasping. Her head hanging. 

Melody is hit with the intense orgasm. A scream escapes her lips. "AHHHHHHH!! FUUUUUCKKK MEEEE!! YESSS...NNNNNNNHHHH" She explodes. Her pussy and ass both locking down around both cock. Juices flow from her as a river. 

Jamal growls loudly. His already fat cock swells. He grips her tits hard enough to bruise and slams in deep. He erupts in her. Her pussy is coated with his cum. His seed mixes with the juices flowing from her pussy. 

Marcus leaves hand prints on Melody's ass. He buries his cock deep in Melody's ass. He can feel Melody's ass twitching and clamping down on his cock. He can feel Jamal's cock pulsing deep into their shared slut. He shouts and erupts as well. His cock pulsing to fill her ass with his seed. 

All three stop moving. Both men filling the petite white girl between them. Marcus pulls out as he falls back. His cum leaks from her well used ass. 

Melody collapses on top of Jamal. His cock still buried in the abused pussy but finally going soft. Jamal rolls to the side, rolling Melody off his body. She flops onto her back. His cock makes a sucking sound as it comes from her pussy. Jamal falls onto his back again. His limp cock curled to one side. Melody's chest falling and rising. Cum leaking from her ass and pussy. 

Melody winds up slipping into a pleasant orgasmic induced coma. She wakes a bit later. Marcus is gone. Jamal is drinking something he had in a thermos. Melody sits up. Her body so sore. Bruises on her tits and ass. Her pussy swollen. Her ass sore. Even her lips are swollen from sucking both cocks. "how how long have I been out?'

Jamal chuckles..."An hour now pretty lady. Still going to Nexxus?" He gets up and carries her dress over to her. "Next time we are taking you to the shop and sharing with all the other drivers. Remember that next time you call for a ride." He drops the dress into her hands and helps her up. 

Melody nods and stands. The thought of all those cocks sends a shiver up her spine. "I I will keep that in mind." She wiggles into her dress. Somehow her heels came off. She found them on different sides of the mattress. She just carries them as she crawls into the back of the cab. Jamal slaps her ass getting a yelp from her. She sits on her tender ass very slowly. 

Jamal drives her back to her building while she dozes in and out. He leaves her swaying on the curb. She struggles to her apartment but makes it collapsing on the couch.