 AUTHORS NOTE: This is a work of fiction, containing scenes of marital infidelity, multiple partners and unprotected sex. If any of these subjects offend you, please feel free to move on to another story more to your liking.

You should probably read Chapter 1 first. 



Come in, she thought? Even as she wondered, she heard the door, and steps in the hall, and then there was a woman there, slender, attractive, confident. Not unlike the woman she used to think she was, until now. A woman to be reckoned with. She exuded sexuality and assertiveness. Josh looked back at her and gestured to the woman, who was approaching her. "Ms. Cole, this is my wife, Lisa." Wife? Marci felt briefly panicked, but saw from the woman's demeanor that there was no anger or threat of violence. Lisa wore a skirt at mid thigh and a tank top, was well groomed and attractive. She kissed Josh when she reached him, and Marci felt an irrational jealousy. Lisa stroked his cock as they kissed, then stopped and spoke to each other softly, and then Lisa turned to her. As she spoke, Josh watched and began removing his clothes. 

"So, Ms. Cole. You want to suck Josh's big dick, and then you want him to fuck you." She was smiling. "It is a beauty, isn't it?" she confided. Marci felt herself nodding her agreement, wondering what to make of this. "You're probably wondering what's going on, right?" She pulled a chair up close to Marci, and sat, facing her, knees almost touching. "It's nothing dangerous, so relax." She lightly patted Marci's leg, just above the knee, and she smiled as the talked. It was an honest and open smile, and Marci felt at ease with her, although she couldn't imagine a more unusual situation. "Josh and I have a special relationship. We love each other, and we indulge each other's desires. You see, we're sexually open and adventurous, and are stimulated by a lot of different things." Lisa leaned forward to her, like they were sharing girlfriend talk. "One of our favorites is getting someone else to do things they would normally not do. Up till this morning," she pointed at her, conspiratorially, "you probably never considered cheating on your husband. But after seeing that," she motioned behind her, where Josh was now shirtless, and was removing his pants, "you're not only thinking about it, your determined to do it." She grinned, and Marci felt exposed and powerless. Her eyes drifted beyond Lisa, to Josh's massive cock, until she felt Lisa grab her face and turn it back to her.

"Hey, pay attention, slut. Just cause I'm being nice doesn't mean you can ignore what I'm saying." Marci looked in her eyes and saw a determination in them that wasn't present before, but then it disappeared. "We're almost like sexual predators, but we don't make people do things against their will." She smiled, a broad, beautiful smile. "We help them find the will." She cradled Marci's face in her hands. "And you not only have found the will to fuck a man who's not your husband, but Josh says you're exceptionally motivated. But this isn't about what you want, Ms. Cole." Marci watched a mischievous grin spread across Lisa's face. "It's about me and Josh getting what we want. So let me tell you how this will go." She stood up, pulling Marci to her feet. "First, get those clothes off."

Marci froze, trying to make the words register. Did this woman just tell her to undress? Her eyes drifted away again, distracted by the sight of a nude Josh, leisurely stroking his massive tool in the doorway to the living room. 

"Hey!" she heard, and felt a hand turning her face back until her eyes were looking into Lisa's dark green eyes. "Can you hear me? Well, listen up, sweetie. You like that big cock? You want to fuck it? Then understand that that is MY cock, and you only get some when I say so. You're going to have to earn a fuck from that cock, understand? And in order for that to happen, you start doing what I tell you. Got it?"

Marci felt her head nodding, numbly. What was happening to her? How could her desire rule her so completely to make her obey this woman? And when, oh, when was she going to get fucked? That last thought surprised her as much as the realization that she had had begun unbuttoning her shirt. "That's better," Marci heard, then, "while you're doing that, I'll tell you a little bit of your future."

"In four days, Saturday, you will bring Bob to a hotel." She reached into her shoulder bag, pulled out a manila folder. "There will be a suite reserved in your name. You will check in, go to the room to change, then at 6pm you'll both go to the bar and wait for us." Marci pulled the shirt off, and pulled her arms free. Lisa put the folder on the table. 

"Good," Lisa said, taking the shirt from her and draping over the back of a chair. "The hotel name and address is in that folder, along with all the other information you'll need. The pants now." Obediently, Marci unsnapped her pants and began pulling them down. The woman looked at Marci's chest and made a face. "By Saturday, you will throw out this bra and any you have like this. I'll bet the panties have to go, too. You will buy nicer, stylish bras, preferably with matching panties. Stores and styles are in the folder." Marci was removing her shoes as she pushed her open pants down over her butt, stepping out of the shoes, pushing her pants down her legs. "You won't need to buy as many panties," she grinned. "When you come to the bar, you will wear a dress or skirt. It will be above mid-thigh, the higher the better." She touched a spot on Marci's leg. "You will not wear panties. You will sit on a bar stool and wait for us." Marci pulled the pants off and stood up, in just her bra and panties now. Lisa took the pants and draped them with the shirt. "If you do everything you are told, and do it correctly, then Saturday evening will be the beginning of a sexual journey that your fevered brain right now cannot even imagine. She looked her up and down. "OK, underwear off."

Marci reached for the front clasp on her bra as Lisa continued. "The most important thing you will do between now and Saturday night is convince Bob that it's OK for him to fuck me, and that Josh should fuck you." Marci opened the bra, covering her breasts with her arm. "Move your hand so we can see," Lisa told her, and then she was standing in just her panties, as Lisa and Josh looked her over. "Nice tits, huh, Josh?"

""You know how to pick 'em, baby."

"Not too big, not too small. Firm, pronounced nipples. Nice, Marci. Do you mind if I call you Marci?"

"Uh, n-no. Marci is fine."

"Good. Anyway, I don't care how you convince him. Tell the truth, or make something up, I don't care. Visit Adult websites on the net, watch porn together, discuss your fantasies while you blow him, doesn't matter. But by the time Josh and I get to the bar, Bob has to be up for this, and eager for the adventure, or else no Josh Cock for you, got it?" She nodded, meekly. "Not good enough, Marci. You're going to have to work hard at this, and you only have four days. Bob has to be ready and eager to see you do all the things you just told Josh you would do. He has to think fucking me in front of you is a great idea, and that watching you get split open is the hottest thing he's ever seen. Are you up for that? Can you make that happen?" 

The image of Bob fucking Lisa made her a little angry, but she needed Josh's meat inside her. She imagined it, spreading her, she imagined Bob watching her get the fuck of a lifetime, then she imagined Bob fucking Lisa while she watched. She thought she could pull it off. She knew she had to.

"I can do it. I-I'll do it. I fucking swear, I'll do it." 

"Great," Lisa smiled, "that's great. You won't regret it. You are gonna have so much fun..." she trailed off. "All right. Panties off, let's go." Marci hesitated a second, she had never been naked in front of people she didn't know. But a glance over Lisa's shoulder motivated her, and she got her thumbs into her panties and pulled them down, and stepped out of them. She tossed them into the corner of the room, missing the trash can. 

"Oh, no, that's no good. Marci, what is the deal with that hairy fucking bush?" She was shaking her head. "Too bad, I'd have let you suck his cock, but we can't have this. Turn around, let me see your ass." Crestfallen, Marci turned, and heard, "Yeah, here, too. Well, you've got some work to do. By Saturday, I want all that hair off, you understand? Did you think I was going to let that beautiful cock fuck an unkempt, overgrown jungle? No way, you get that hair off, off your pussy and off your ass, too. If I see a hair on you Saturday, I'll be getting two dicks and you'll get nothing."

"But, I – I never..."

"Well you better start. You have a computer? There are some websites listed in the folder, as well as recommended videos, and where you can get them. Download some porn, see what a pussy that wants attention looks like. Matter of fact," she added, and took Marci's hand, "come inside. You can start working for it now."

Marci followed as Lisa led her to the living room. As they passed Josh in the doorway, Lisa stopped to kiss him, and Marci watched their tongues swirling into each other's mouths while Lisa stroked the meat that hung, now mostly soft, between Josh's legs. Her breath caught again as she watched the massive cock respond to the stimulation, and she felt her need between her own legs, aching for attention and relief. Then Lisa broke the kiss, gazed into Josh's eyes with an impish grin, and released his tool, walking Marci past him. The head of his cock brushed her hip as she was led past him. She felt him turn and follow them in.

Lisa stopped at the couch and turned. Marci was aware of being naked as the other woman turned to face her, as she was aware of the naked man with the beautiful, giant cock behind. Oddly, she did not feel embarrassed or out of place. Just different. And a little naughty. "Marci," Lisa said as she faced her, "do you trust me?"

"Well, I, y-, uh, ye-," she began, "u-uhm, n-," she stammered. "Actually, I don't know."

Lisa nodded agreeably. "OK. Probably wise, seeing we just met. How about this." She turned Lisa to the side, and pointed at Josh. "You want my husband's giant cock?"

"Yes," she oozed, then added, "very much."

"Good. In order to have it, will you do what I tell you?"

She turned back, facing Lisa, who had her back to the couch. "Yes."

"You understand that some of the things I tell you to do may be unusual, or humiliating, or downright nasty."

"I – yes. Yes."

"You'll obey me?"

"Yes," she answered, meekly.

"You'll get Bob to go along with this?"

"Yes."

"Good. Get down on your knees. Josh, give her a hand." She felt Josh move behind her, helping her to her knees as Lisa stepped back and sat on the couch. "I already told you that Josh isn't going to fuck you today. But I might let you suck his cock a little more. Would you like to suck his cock?"

"Yes," she said, sounding a little too eager.

"You want his cum in your mouth? Will you eat his cum?"

"M-mm, yeah," she replied. Why? She wasn't a big fan of cum in her mouth, or swallowing. For some reason the idea of that monster spurting in her mouth thrilled her. She felt herself get wetter.

"Look at you, squirming," Lisa chided. "Yeah, you'll eat it and like it, won't you?" She grinned. "Good. But first, a lesson." She leaned forward, pointed between Marci's legs. "Look at your pussy. Spread your knees apart and look at it."

Marci looked down between her spread legs. Beneath the untrimmed pubic hair she could just make out her pussy lips. She never really spent much time looking at herself, because, frankly, it was a big ugly mess. Not interesting, so she was not curious. She thought about seeing Josh's meat spreading her open, squeezing into her, and she felt a twinge inside, and her clit got a little hard. 

"It's not much to look at, Marci. Fine, if you intend to keep your pants on, and no one is ever going to see it. But for you," she said, touching Marci's chin and lifting her face up to see her, "those days are over. Look at this." 

Marci watched Lisa lift her butt slightly, and pull her skirt out from under herself, pulling it up around her stomach, exposing herself below the waist. Even with her legs together Marci could see she wore no panties. As her hips lowered, Marci's eyes were drawn to the tightly trimmed line of hair that disappeared between her thighs.

"You may wear sweats around the house when you're alone," Lisa began, "And you may just throw your hair into clip when you are staying home, alone." She began to lean slightly back, and her knees opened slightly. "But when you go out, and you are going to be seen, you dress nice, you do your hair, and you put on makeup." She was reclined against the back of the sofa, and she spread her legs wide. And Marci stared at Lisa's shaved pussy. "You want people to see you at your best, to appreciate what they see. You wear nice clothes and put on makeup to look better, so people like how you look, and so that you feel better about how you look." Marci raised her feet, and rested her heels on the edge of the sofa cushions, and spread her legs wider. "If your pussy is going out, then it should look good, and you should feel good about how it looks." 

Marci had not spent a lot of time looking at her own sex. She'd never really been attracted by the appearance of sex organs, male or female, least of all her own. She was overwhelmed by the fact that she had fallen so hard the moment she saw Josh's gorgeous tool. She glanced back down between her own legs, saw her lips lightly parted through the mass of hair, felt the wetness seeping. Just thinking about that lovely cock. She looked back up between Lisa's thighs. I have to admit, she thought, it looks nice. It looks kept, and desirable, like it was meant to be seen and admired. Mine kinda looks like a hairy hole, and Lisa has a smooth, shapely and sexy pussy. Marci allowed Lisa's voice to fade into background noise as she studied the shape, the way the lips elegantly wrapped the opening, the smooth swell of flesh at the top, the trimmed line of hair pointing at the tiny hood covering her clit. The smaller lips below, just peeking from between the larger labia, and the gentle curve below where they met at the base, open slightly, showing a hint of darkening pink. Completely hairless, completely smooth, delicate, down, past her pussy, her raised hips and spread legs exposed the space behind her pussy, and below that, her tight crinkled anus. All hair free, smooth, without blemish. 

She was mesmerized. She realized she was breathing through her mouth. She heard a voice. Was it calling her? It wasn't until she felt someone touching her hand that she was able to stop staring. Face it, she admitted. You were admiring. You like the way her pussy looks! 

"Marci," she heard, "here." It was Josh, holding her wrist, moving her hand. She looked up into his eyes, felt her eyelids fluttered like a schoolgirl. He noticed and grinned, and she dropped her eyes to his wonderful cock, felt her pussy moisten and pulse again. Josh was moving her hand, and she let it move, and she felt her fingers come to rest at her own pussy.

"Feel it," Lisa said, "touch your pussy, see how it feels to your hand." 

Her fingers pressed into her crotch, gently, feeling the mass of hair, the moist heat. Not one for looking, she had almost never touched herself, so feeling her own fingers at her lips felt a little awkward. She rubbed slightly, sensed the lips through the hair, the heat of the velvety skin, the small bulge of her clit under it's growing hood. At the same time, her pussy felt her hand, touching, almost caressing. Her middle finger slipped between her labia as her hand moved, and it was quickly drenched in her juice. She started, surprised by the feeling, and her finger paused, then pressed into herself, and it was wrapped in the hot liquid inside.

"Now feel mine."

Her finger still inside herself, she realized her other hand was being lifted, raised, and she watched as Josh placed it onto Lisa's exposed flesh, just above her pussy. Marci's fingertips just touched the smooth skin below the woman's navel, and Josh released her wrist as her hand moved, the fingertips trailing a path across the skin, down to her crotch, feeling the narrow trimmed line of hair, and then the thin, soft skin of her hood and labia, smooth and hairless. She watched her own fingers drifting down, exploring, feeling the heat from the other woman, sensing the involuntary movement as she touched the sensitive areas, felt the labia move under the pressure of her touch, felt a finger slip between them; the wetness surging out to meet her fingertip, so smooth, so hot. She had a flash of awareness, realized that she was caressing another woman's pussy, while she was fingering herself, and she raised her eyes to see Lisa staring at her, grinning, and next to her, the magnificent alluring cock that had driven her here. 

Her memory flashed at her – her life, her husband, who she was, what she thought and believed. She was a normal, happy housewife, not a slut; she had regular sex, not kinky demented sex. She was faithful, and had normal desires. But the seductive power of that beautiful cock had made her, in an instant, throw those things away. Now she was on her knees, naked, fingering herself, rubbing another woman's shaved vagina, all for the promise of getting that cock inside her. She felt a momentary pang of loss for the person she was. And she surrendered, again, and embraced her desire. 

"You want that cock. Say it"

She turned to face Lisa again. She didn't hesitate. "Oh, God, yes, I want that cock. I want it so bad ...", she whimpered, and she watched her fingers spread the lips of Lisa's pussy, opening her up as her hand caressed her. "I want to feel it inside me, fucking me." She pushed a second finger inside herself, even as she slipped one inside the wet hole in front of her. She watched it open, imagining Josh's cock forcing it open, and she made a small sound as the excitement grabbed her. The two fingers in her own cunt curled forward, caressing her G spot as she pressed the heel of her hand on her clit, grunting with the contact. Her other hand pushed into Lisa, feeling the slick wetness, like hers, and she stroked in unison, matching the work of her hands on Lisa and herself. 

"Yeah, slut, finger my cunt, you horny slut. You like that? Have you ever felt another pussy before?" Lisa encouraged her with filthy talk and grunts. Marci felt the wetness in the other woman increase, and she added a second finger, pushing in to her knuckles, feeling the woman respond. I am fingering another woman's cunt, she thought, and I ... I like it! Her fingers in her own cunt were rubbing furiously now, increasing the stimulation, beginning to build to her orgasm. God, she needed to cum, she was so fucking horny. She felt her breath getting shorter as she worked both pussies. 

"Yeah, slut, you want that cock." 

"Oh, fuck yeah, I want it. I want it so bad."

Lisa leaned forward and grabbed the wrist of the hand that Marci fucked herself with, pulling the fingers out of Marci. Her pussy clenched with the sudden absence. Lisa pulled the hand up to Marci's face. "Suck them. Taste your pussy, slut. Suck your fingers clean." 

And without hesitation she was doing it, sucking her fingers into her mouth, tasting herself, tasting her own pussy, savoring the flavor of her excitement. The taste was sweet and slightly pungent, tangy; but the act of doing it was so nasty, so filthy and sexy. She swirled her tongue around them as she sucked, getting every drop or her juice, then suddenly her hand was pulled out, and she felt Lisa grasp her other wrist. 

"Now mine."

The fingers were replaced by her other hand, as Lisa pushed the hand into her face, smearing the silky wetness on Marci's face and lips before stuffing her mouth. Marci sucked hungrily, the idea that she was tasting another woman just making her hotter and hornier.
