 Every woman has a price. Some make their way by it. Most don't ever think about it, until faced with a proposition.

Lee lived next door, single now since her fiancé moved out a few months ago. Not that we're friends, but it's been much quieter lately without having to listen to her constant barrage of criticism of him. I was impressed he lasted as long as he did.

I am single by choice. My profession demands it, and I can be unbearably cruel, especially to women. It seems I have a talent at finding their insecurities and then toying with them whenever I felt the urge.

It was in my mailbox, the envelope addressed to Lee, 'Final Notice' in large red letters in the corner. Somewhere, deep within me, a switch clicked.

The door opened on a petite brunette, slim, with narrow hips and a 'C' cup, pretty even without make-up. She looked as if she had been napping.

'Sorry to bother you,' I said as I offered the letter. 'I am Tavo, your neighbour. This was in my mailbox. It looked urgent.'

She looked at it for a moment, reluctance plain on her face. Then she snatched it from my hand and, with more force than was necessary, tore it open.

'It's the city,' she said, reading. 'I'm two payments behind on my electric bill. They want four hundred and twenty dollars, as of tomorrow.'

She lowered the letter and looked at me. 'I work from home. I can't work without power, my clients — I don't expect to be paid again until next week and that cheque is already promised to the mortgage.'

I couldn't waste such an easy opportunity.

'I'll give it to you,' I said. 'On condition.'

A glimmer of hope infused her face and posture, tempered, of course, by what I meant by 'condition'.

So she would know I was serious, I withdrew my wallet and sorted nine fifties from the other bills, careful to make sure she saw. 

I held them up. 'These are yours if you strip. Right here, right now.'

Her reaction was predictable. She was aghast.

'What? How dare you?' She reached for the door.

'It gets the city off your back. Keeps you working.'

The door slammed shut. I waited, the bills in my hand.

Several heartbeats later, it swung open again.

'That's it? she said. 'Nothing more?'

'I'll stand right here,' I replied. 'You take your clothes off and let me look at you for five minutes. I won't step inside, I won't touch you.' 

She took a deep breath, pulled the money from my grasp and pocketed it. She took a step backwards and looked me in the eye before taking hold of her sweatshirt and lifting it up and over her head to drop at her feet. Her bra was white, plain and practical, her nipples firm beneath the shear fabric. Her gaze never left my face as she unzipped her jeans and pushed them down, lifting one foot then the other free. 

She stood there, debating with herself whether to continue as I studied her figure, silent. With a shrug meant more for her than for me, she reached around her back and unclasped her bra then pulled it off. Her nipples were light pink, small yet prominent on her pert breasts. Yes, I thought, I will enjoy pinching them.

She gripped the waistband of her panties and slid them slowly from her boyish hips, bending to guide them past her knees. She straightened, arms by her side, revealing herself to me. She looked at me while I took in her most intimate details; the small thatch of dark hair which did little to hide her pussy lips, her clit just visible. Yes.

'Turn for me,' I ordered. She obeyed, spinning slowly to face me again. Her eyes met mine.

'So?' she asked. 'Was it worth the money?'

'As I knew it would be. Or I would not have offered the chance to show it to me.'

She leaned to collect her clothes.

'Not so fast. There are some minutes left for me to appreciate your beauty.'

She stood up, the clothes forgotten.

'Tell me,'' I continued, 'how it feels to have been paid to stand naked before a stranger.'

'I'm not sure. Part of me is ashamed with myself. But another part of me is less so.'

'Are you aroused?'

A flush on her cheeks. 'No.'

'I am. And why not? I am looking at a beautiful naked woman mere feet away, Any man would become aroused looking at you.'

Finally, she smiled. 'Well, thank you. I think I needed to hear that — but — I also think your time is up.' And she shut the door.

No matter, I thought, entering my own apartment. She took the bait.

More than a week went by before our paths crossed again. this time in the lobby as we retrieved our mail. She saw me and looked away.

'Hello, Lee.'

'Uh, hi.'

'Any good news?' I asked, seeing the envelopes in her hand.

'No. Just bills, like always.'

'Bills, bills, bills. Depressing. Or an opportunity, depending on how you look at them.'

She looked up. 'Let me make you dinner,' I offered.

'Thanks, but —'

'But let me finish. I will give you six hundred dollars to dine with me, naked. I will stay dressed and I will not lay a hand on you. I'm a very good cook.'

'I don't know you. How do I know you'll keep your word?'

'The last thing I need is the attention of the police,' I countered. 'I would enjoy looking at you again and dinner seems a perfect situation for it. I will expect you for seven. Come naked.'

I left her there.

The knock on the door was early. And urgent. She stood in the corridor, one arm across her breasts, the other covering her pussy trying to look both ways at once. She darted through the door as soon as there was room to do so.

'Good evening, Lee. I'm glad you could make it.' I gestured her through to the living room. 'Welcome. May I pour you a glass of wine? A shiraz, to go with the stroganoff.'

'Uh, sure.'

I watched her as I poured the wine. She moved gracefully around the room, stopping to consider the various works of art hanging on the wall.

'They're all nudes,' she said. 'By the same artist, I think.'

'Yes,' I replied, handing her a glass. 'I enjoy painting women.'

'These are yours?'

'Do you like them?'

She turned away and sipped her wine. 'I do,' she said. 'There's a certain kinkiness to them, but they're not pornographic.' She pointed her glass at one. 'I like the way the ropes are tied in this one, and this one — she's just standing there, but the hood makes her anonymous, like it gives her permission to do things she wouldn't otherwise.'

'Exactly,' I said. 'I find beauty in every woman, though some go to great lengths to disguise it. You are very beautiful, and would make a great subject. Please, have a seat.'

I let her sit first, then sat across from her. On the table between us lay six hundred-dollar bills arranged in a fan. To the side was another small pile of notes.

Lee perched demurely on the edge of the sofa, her knees together.

'Do you paint all your women?' she asked.

'All women are beautiful, but not all are worthy of a canvas. These are rare, and sometimes their beauty lies below the surface. Take that one,' I said, and indicated a painting of a voluptuous mature woman, smiling despite the lines that creased her face, her right hand pointed like an arrow to her bare pussy. 'She was the sexiest woman I have ever met. It took forever to finish because she kept distracting me.'

Lee chuckled. 'You would paint me?'

'That depends.'

'On?'

'On the table is the six hundred I promised you. I think you might make a fine subject. But before I paint you, I must first learn you.'

'Learn me?'

'Indeed. I must discern the nature of your sexuality in order to convey it through a canvas.'

'How?' she asked.

I stood up. 'Let's eat first.'

We ate my grandmother's stroganoff on the balcony, twenty stories above the ground with an uninterrupted view of the city, but my attention was on the glass tabletop which allowed me to enjoy Lee's body as she relaxed with the food and wine. Already she seemed less inhibited.

When she finished her plate, she put down her utensils.

'Tell me, she said, 'how you plan to learn me, as you call it.'

'Come inside,' I said. 'Bring your wine.'

She followed me to the sofa, where I sat down. I tapped the coffee table in front of me. 'Sit here.'

She obeyed, sitting stiffly with her knees together. I pulled two fifties from the pile and placed one on each of her thighs.

'Open your legs for me, and the bills are yours.'

She hesitated.

'No problem,' I said, and retrieved the bills. 'But I must know what makes you, you. And that includes studying the lines of your body. All of them.' 

Lee put the bills with the others and spread her knees to shoulder width, her eyes on the ceiling. 

'Wider. Show me your secrets.'

Her thighs opened further, the motion causing her labia to reveal her hooded clit and inner lips. I stared at the sinuous lines of her pussy, wanting to touch but holding back.

'I am looking at your pussy,' I told her. 'Do you like me looking at it?'

She remained silent.

'Tell me you don't like it and we'll stop.'

'Don't stop.'

I leaned forward, my face above her knees. Her thighs slid wider in response and I glanced up to find her studying me.

'You are magnificent. I will give you two hundred dollars to bring yourself to orgasm,' I said and reached for the pile of notes.

'Three hundred.'

I laughed. She had spirit.

'Three hundred. If you move your hips closer and lie back on the table.'

She scooted to the edge of the table then lay back. Her hands began to roam over her body, her fingers stroking her stomach and thighs then retreating to circle her breasts. I watched as goosebumps blossomed in their wake, saw her nipples pucker from their touch, followed their path into the narrow thatch of pubic hair.

She moaned as her fingers found her clit, rubbed it in tiny circles. I saw her arousal gain momentum with every flick of her finger into herself, her breathing quick and shallow. My own arousal was becoming painful.

Her fingers moved faster and faster, the other hand kneading her breasts and pinching her nipples. Her moans blurred into one long, raspy groan of ecstasy as she climaxed in front of me, hips gyrating to her orgasmic rhythm. Her pussy was slick and swollen, pulsing as it released the last of her cum to run between the cheeks of her ass.

Her arms slid onto the table and she shuddered, trying to catch her breath.

'What,' she asked, 'are those four rings in the ceiling?'

'They're for special occasions.'

She propped herself up on her elbows, looked at me between her legs.

'Either you weren't impressed or you have incredible self control,' she said.

'Oh, I was very impressed, Lee. To witness your abandon to pleasure was exquisite, to say the least.'

'I expected to feel your touch.'

'I told you I wouldn't and so I didn't.'

'Did you want to?'

'Yes. Desperately. But my word is my honour, so I refrained.'

She sat up. 'Would touching help you learn me?'

'Of course. But I am happy to wait for an invitation.'

'Stand up,' she told me. Finally. 

I did as she said. 'Take your shirt off.'

Lee tugged at my belt, worked the waist-clasp, lowered my zipper and pulled my jeans down. My rigid cock sprang out, hitting her cheek.

It was her turn to stare. 'What happened to your pubes?'

'I remove them. I prefer to be hairless. It makes sex much better, especially when my partner is bare —'

She slid her mouth around me and sucked me deep while her hand cupped my balls. After a few moments, she released me.

'Feels much better from this side, too,' she said, and resumed her fellatio.

I felt myself begin the build-up to orgasm, but I wasn't ready. I pulled out of her mouth and sat down. We were face to face.

'Lay back again.' I slid off the sofa to kneel on the carpet. She hesitated, so I placed my hand on her stomach and pushed gently.

'You've come this far,' I said. 'I won't hurt you. Ever.'

She lay back, her eyes never leaving mine.

'This will teach me all I need know,' I said, and took hold of her ankles. I lifted them slowly, spread them apart, all the time watching her face. How far she allowed herself to be opened spoke volumes to me; for I found the sexiest women were those able to abandon themselves to the moment and embrace their sexual appetites. How willingly she displayed herself predicted the strength of her hungers.

Lee allowed me to stretch her thighs until her tendons stood out and her pussy lay open before me, slick and glistening, her clit hard and protruding. I held her like this while I simply looked at her body, taking my time to appreciate its beauty. A milky bead of cum leaked from her depths, accompanied by a clean musky scent which fed my lust and made my cock twitch. 

Eventually, I leaned down, stiffened my tongue and probed the hard nub of her clit. She let out a shriek and bucked her hips, so I slid my hands under her ass and pulled her against my tongue. With the lightest of pressures, i traced the contours of her sex, slowly increasing the pace of my strokes, lashing her clit until her whimpering became a wail and she orgasmed in a long series of pulsing shudders.

Her hands pushed at my head, but I was just getting started. Firming my tongue once again, I thrust it into her. I pressed my face to her and pumped my tongue mercilessly, causing her to moan in rhythm and squirm violently. She came again and again, her cum washing into my mouth, her fingers entwined in my hair as she gasped for air, her eyes squeezed shut.

I straightened, my chin dripping with her juices. Her body twitched and shuddered, cum pulsing from her still. Now I was ready.

I hauled her to the table's edge, placed the tip of my aching cock to her swollen pussy and pushed, watching as her lips engulfed the shaft. I rocked my hips slowly, pulling myself almost all the way out and then pressing into her until my bare skin mashed against her lips. I glanced at her face; she stared back, eyes wide, her mouth open, so I kept my gaze there as I pumped. Her breathing quickened and her eyes glazed over; she repeated 'oh, oh, ohhh,' as she rode the waves of orgasm, her vaginal muscles convulsing along my cock. That did it. The familiar rush burst from behind my balls, grew into a tsunami of pleasure and I shot my cum into her, my own breathing shallow and coarse.

I leaned back, my cock sliding free. Her heels slid from the table and she lay there, limp and loose, her eyes on mine, her chest heaving.

'Thank you,' I said. 'You are spectacular.'

She smiled back. 'But am I canvas worthy?'

'Oh, yes,' I answered. 'But —'

'But what?'

'Well, what is the one thing all my subjects have in common? Besides being female.'

She held out her hand to me and I pulled her up. Twisting towards the paintings, she studied them silently. Then the answer came to her.

'They're all bare. Shaved, or waxed.'

'Yes and no,' I said. 'Yes, their pussies are all hairless. But they are neither shaved nor waxed. They have been sugared, which gives the same results of waxing without the pain.'

'Where did they get it done?'

I pointed to the long island which separated the kitchen from the living room. 'Right there. By my hand.'

'It's painless?'

'No, not entirely. But it is less painful than waxing. Much less hassle, too.'

'Would you sugar me?'

'Of course.'

'Now? Tonight?'

I smiled. 'If you're up to it.'

'Ok.'

'Good. But first I must ask you to freshen up. You need to be clean and dry, your pubic hair powdered with talc.'

She reached for her wine and finished it in one gulp, then stood up and held the glass out to me. 'Can you refill this while I clean up?'

'The bathroom is the first door on the left. You'll find everything you need. Bring a bath towel and a face cloth.'

I watched her walk away and then went to the kitchen. I poured new drinks and then took a pyrex container of sugar paste from the fridge. A short time in the microwave and it was ready when Lee emerged from the hallway.

She vaulted onto the counter, her legs hanging, her modesty forgotten.

'How do you want me?' she asked.

'Let me count the ways.'

'Be serious.'

'I was.' I lay the towel along the island's top. 'Lie back.'

Another swallow of wine and she obeyed. 'Legs open or closed?'

I positioned her legs flat on the counter, splayed, perhaps, a little wider than necessary. 'I'll start at the top and work down,' I told her, scooping a small amount of paste.

'It's warm,' she said when I worked the paste into her pubic hair, stretching it across her mons and pressing it firmly but gently into her hair.

Satisfied, I tugged one edge up with my fingertips and then rolled it in the direction her hair grew.

'Ouch,' she said. 'So much for painless.'

'Is it too much?'

'Nothing wine won't solve.'

I propped her up while she swallowed the greater portion of her wine and then she resumed her position.

I worked quickly, spreading the paste and rolling it off, taking her pubic hair with it. Soon her mons was bare; it was time to do her lips.

'Now,' I said, 'pull your left leg up and as wide as is comfortable and hold it there.'

I stripped the hair away.

'Now the other leg.'

Shortly afterwards, she was bare. I warmed the face cloth with hot water and wiped any sticky residue from her bare skin.

'Done.'

She walked her fingers down her stomach.

'Wow,' she exclaimed. 'It's so smooth and soft.' Her thighs separated and her hand slipped between them. 'It feels fantastic.'

As her fingers stroked her pussy, I placed my hands on her breasts and began to knead them. Her nipples stiffened and I took them between my thumbs and forefingers, gently pinching and twisting them. She sighed and spread her legs wider, her fingers exploring. She orgasmed quickly, then lay there while she recovered.

'I want to know what those rings are for.'

'You're not ready.' I ran my fingertips along her side.

'Why not?'

'Because they demand a level of trust we haven't achieved yet.'

'No? Tonight I revealed myself to you more completely than any man before you.'

'And I am both honoured and grateful.' I circled her belly button. She closed her eyes.

'Tell me. Please.'

'They are the attachment points for a swing I bring out at parties.'

'A swing? For the guests?' My fingertips drifted south.

'For one particular guest. A female guest, often the only female guest.'

'What does she do in it?' Her freshly sugared vulva was very soft.

'She reclines in it, accepting the attentions of the other guests.'

'That sounds like fun.' I pushed a finger into her.

'She is always naked.'

Her eyes sprang open. Her pussy moistened.

'You mean —'

'She makes herself available to anyone who cares to touch her.' I slid my finger in and out, wiping her cum over her bare flesh.

'That sounds risky. What if they hurt her?'

'Never happens. She trusts I will protect her and the other guests wouldn't risk my displeasure. Falling twenty stories is quite painful, I imagine.'

She moaned, and pressed against my hand as another orgasm built.

'Have you ever fantasized about being with multiple men?' I asked.

'Fantasized,' she panted. 'Never considered doing it.'

'A difficult situation to organize,' I said, 'but a unique opportunity under the right circumstances. A chance to experience all the pleasure you imagined, without the risk.'

Lee orgasmed then, stronger than before. Her cum coated my hand and pooled on the counter.

'Am I a slut for imagining being with a group of men?'

'Not at all. I'm sure it is a fairly common fantasy among women.'

'How many men?'

'As many or as few as you wish.'

She thought for a moment. 'You decide.'

'When?'

Her hand tracked across her bare mons. 'Before my hair grows back.'

'Friday,' I said. 'Two days.'

A short time later, I held the door for her. 'Thank you for a memorable evening,' she said, 'and the money.' She stood on her tiptoes to kiss me. 'See you Friday.'
