 It had been another awkward and difficult day for me at school and teaching the class I had been allocated this year was positively heart-breaking. There were 9 boys and 6 girls, all of them 18 year old. Every one of them an under achiever and apparently not interested in anything I had to teach them. Only government regulations, designed to keep them out of unemployment statistics, had kept them in educational system for so long. Due to these new rules they had been made to repeat their final year, but, at the end of the current school year they would have to leave. Every one of them would undoubtedly flounder in the tough world of the jobs market.

And the bottom line was - they weren't interested. They were, in fact, the left- overs after all vacancies in the other classes had been filled. I remember the head-teacher gently patting me on the back and asking me to do my best.

"They are a lost cause, Andrea, but, we still have to go through the motions. Meanwhile, because of staffing problems, apart from Science and Art, I'm afraid you have to cover most if not all of their subjects yourself."

I remember groaning at this news. I suppose it was because I had been the last teacher to join his staff. I had got the short straw. 

And so I tried. Day after day, week after week. Surely, they couldn't be as bad as had been portrayed, I told myself. But, the sad looks and sympathy I got for my lack of progress from the Headmaster and fellow teachers told me otherwise. 

It was frustrating and painstaking work every day. I was lucky to be heard, such was the noise and disruption in that classroom. It was an unending struggle and my pupils and I were going nowhere, achieving nothing. I was at my wits end in trying to get through to them. It was so exhausting and depressing. They were the most unruly and inattentive group of young people I had ever come across since I had started in the teaching profession some 5 years ago. 

The trouble was that, previously, I had worked in private girls schools in London, where discipline and attitudes were vastly different. But, when my husband was transferred to the West Midlands for work purposes, we had to move there and I had limited choices. Gladstone High Comprehensive was where I had ended up. It was different to London and the South East. In this part of the U.K. the economic situation was tougher and job opportunities more difficult to find. It would have been an exaggeration to say the school was in a deprived area. But it was getting that way. The school catered for all pupils in the area of secondary school age. Some of them, same age as my lot were doing A levels. But obviously there was a big difference in abilities. 

Ideally, my target as a teacher was to bring these youngsters up to GCSE standard, so they could leave school with at least some qualifications, but, up to now I was failing miserably, even with a relatively small class like this. I couldn't think of any one of them succeeding. They would be leaving school with not a single school exam success between them. What chance did they have at obtaining decent employment. As things were going, I was heading for a clean sheet of failure for my efforts. But, I didn't like failure. I had come into the teaching profession to succeed.

"Don't you have any ambition; don't you want to do something with your lives?" I cried out in despair one day. They looked at me in amused silence. I might as well have been talking in a foreign language. All they wanted to do, seemingly, was to quit school and go onto unemployment benefits. Most of them lived in run down areas and were from broken homes etc. In fact, I knew very little about their personal lives. There had to be some real communication between us to do that. And so far, there hadn't been any.

Talking to colleagues in the staff room, I was warned that my pathetic efforts to make some progress were being monitored by the powers that be. "Don't blame old Carstairs; they said (The Headmaster) he's under a lot of pressure from Town Hall. Also, he thinks we are due for an OFSTED inspection soon. 

"Do you think I'll be sacked?" I asked, worried. "Could be" they said. "They have the power to do it and they like to make an example of somebody every now and then. It makes them look good" And, at the very least, I knew that bad reports on my abilities would blight my career.

When I went back to the classroom, I was starting to panic. As usual there was mayhem in the room. If anything, this lot were getting worse. What was I going to do? I had tried everything my teacher training had taught me and was getting nowhere. It was beginning to be a nightmare and I knew that in this case there was no light at the end of the tunnel.

One frustrating week later, I got an idea; funnily enough from watching a silly little porn film. My husband liked to watch them every now and again and I had no objection. Anything to brighten up our rather dull sex life, I reasoned. 

In one of them, a young and attractive blonde teacher started to strip. Funnily enough, I thought she looked a lot like me. And, of course, she got the immediate attention of the young males in her class. After that, inevitably, she got fucked across her desk by all and sundry. It was to be expected, I suppose. After all it was a porn movie.

Normally, I would have gone out of the room or made a coffee but, there was something about her being in a classroom that got through to me. Unlike other films of that nature, the acting was good, it seemed very realistic. I watched it again and again when hubby was out, watching her getting it from the boys. Sometimes, I stripped at the same time she did, and then compared my naked body to hers. I was pleased to see I matched her in all respects, because, I too had long shapely legs, decent size tits and curves in all the right places. Could I do that? Strip in a classroom? I started to seriously think about it.

Then, later, after watching it several more times, I was convinced that it was the perfect answer to my problems at this school: An unconventional and risky solution, yes; but why not? I could challenge the guys in my class to work hard and pass exams on the promise that I would strip for them. It seemed like a really good idea.

Of course, I knew that none of them were bright enough to make it, but, (and this was the important thing) they would at least make an effort to study and learn. My working life would be tolerable again. It was the old carrot and stick routine. The carrot being the prospect of seeing my naked body, the stick being the work they would have to do to make it happen. I reckoned it was worth a shot. It was my last hope really. Of course, I didn't tell my husband about my bright idea. In fact the fewer people who knew about it the better and I had to keep that firmly in mind.

I picked a time, purposely; when the girls were absent, to make my pitch. Two or three times a week they had netball or cookery sessions and that suited me just fine. The only female left in the class on those occasions was me. The guys as usual were inattentive and noisy, talking among themselves, telling dirty jokes and trying to outdo each other in being the biggest nuisance in the class. 

I was well and truly fed up with this sort of thing. I left my desk and went to stand in front of the class. I was wearing one of my shortest skirts that day, deliberately so.

"WOULD YOU LIKE ME TO DO A STRIPTEASE? " I shouted.

Immediately, there was a complete and deathly silence. It had got their attention alright.

"What was that, Miss," someone shouted back?

"I said... how would you like me to do a striptease for you." 

"YES MISS," was the loud response. 

I could tell they were astounded by my announcement.

"Will you show your pussy, Miss," someone sniggered and then everyone laughed. Dirty laughs. They were onto a subject they liked and discussing the teacher's pussy was a real turn-on.

"Of course I would," I said. 

That shocked them. There was stony silence again. In fact, you could have heard a pin drop. NOW I was getting their full attention. Something that was very rare indeed. 

I continued, gaining more confidence by the second.

"When I say naked, I mean NAKED, you all know what that means don't you?"

"Yeah" Ray Mullins said brazenly, "it means we get to see tits, legs, pussy, EVERYTHING."

"Are you shaved, Miss?" Someone asked. More sniggers.

"Well, you'll have to wait to find out, won't you?" I said huskily.

There were shouts of "WHEN, WHEN" before Billy Jones spoke up. He was sort of an unofficial spokesman for the class.

"Is that a definite promise then, Miss? Can we hold you to it?" He must have thought I'd gone out of my mind.

"Yes," I said. "It can actually happen. It's up to you."

There was more shouting and talking as the boys got excited. They hadn't expected a topic like this for their afternoon in class.

Just then my voice began to falter. For some reason I was nervous. I suppose I was imagining standing there before these 9 youths without a stitch of clothing. Could it actually happen? I went weak at the knees. 

Pull yourself together, girl, before you lose control, I told myself. 

They were talking in whispers now, dirty talk, talking about ME; discussing my physical attributes; she's got great legs, big tits, I had heard similar things before, enough to realise that the boys rated me, quite high as a sex symbol in their eyes. My throat went dry. I grabbed my glass of water and swallowed. Somehow, I managed to talk again.

"Yes, I know you would like that," I said..."BUT, and there is a big BUT." 

"OH," went a disappointed moan from my audience.

"I knew there would be a catch Miss," said Billy Jones.

"Well here's the thing," I said, "all you have to do to get me to perform for you is work at your studies and pass some exams. It's as simple as that; because, believe it or not, I actually WANT you to succeed. So much so, that I am prepared to do this for you. I am prepared to shame and humiliate myself by sexily stripping and exposing my naked body to you guys at the end of term."

"Yeah, we get the bit about the stripping, Teach, but what exactly would we have to achieve in order for you to do this?"

It was Billy Jones again and it was a very good question. Unfortunately, he had caught me out as I hadn't thought it through enough.

"Well that could be the subject of negotiation between us" was what I said. I had to say something or they would have switched off.

In the end, I agreed that I would do it for any boy who achieved a GCSE at grade C level. (That was generally accepted as a decent grade and one that that employers recognised)

My heart started to pound as I wondered whether I had set the bar high enough.

"Is that in any subject," asked Dave Watkins. One pass in any subject? They were all very interested now. I could tell. 

"O.K. then," I agreed. "We can go with that."

My heart started pounding again...

"What about a sample Miss, to see if it would be worthwhile"

"What do you mean?"

"Show us a bit of leg like."

"Alright," I said, "I can do that."

So, I looked at them sexily and lifted my skirt up my thigh. Every single one of them was leaning forward, focusing hard on my legs. Some of them even got out of their seats to get a closer look. Very slowly I eased my skirt further up to let them see more; You could have cut the atmosphere with a knife. Strangely enough, I was beginning to enjoy myself. And for once, I had these guys in the palm of my hand. I had found a magic formula; the power of sex. 

"That's just a taster," I said as I let my skirt drop "And it's all you're going to get until the main event."

"What about the girls" asked Frank Oates, "are they going to be in on it?"

"No" I said emphatically, "this is just between me and all of you guys here. I am the only female involved and I want you all to myself. It will be our secret. Nobody outside of this room gets to know, because, if it gets out, I will be prevented from doing my striptease act for you. And I would be so disappointed if that happens"

I was making it up as I went along now. But, for the first time I wondered if I could actually go through with what I was promising.

Ray Mullins spoke up. His sheer size demanded respect from the other boys. 

"Anybody snitches and they'll end up in hospital," he said, showing off his big clenched fist.

"Yeah, I'll back that" said little Donny Rollins, making me suppress a smile. He was cute but he wouldn't frighten anybody. 

"Yeah, me too." Someone else shouted. 

That spread and within seconds all the guys had vowed themselves to secrecy under pain of death.

"Will it just be a quick strip then Miss, cos that'll be over in a minute or two, won't it?"

Billy Jones had caught me off guard again. Just as it was all going so well. 

I had hesitated and he was in like a flash. Maybe, I had underestimated his intelligence.

"Well what more do you want me to do?" I offered.

I suddenly had an image of the naked Miss Lushbody and felt an erotic shimmer pass through me.

"I dunno," replied Billy, "maybe a kiss or a dance; something like that"

I was so grateful that nothing crude or suggestive had been shouted out that I readily agreed to Billy's suggestion. 

"We should write it down," he said wisely, "work something out."

The class were with him. "Yeah that sounds fair and reasonable," someone shouted.

Down to the last man they voted that in: A committee of nine. They had never agreed on anything before in my recollection. At least it was progress.

"You agree, Miss?"

I gulped, as I remembered Miss Lushbody getting ravaged by a group of males over her desk. I went weak at the knees again. "Alright," I heard myself say in a squeaky kind of voice that sounded dangerously like female submission. But, what the hell was I agreeing to?

"I'll draw something up," said Billy taking control.

I opened my mouth to say something, but, nothing came out. I had lost the initiative and others were taking control. So, I found myself standing there, prettily, like a dumb Miss Lushbody.

My heart was beating so hard I started to get dizzy. And, how I managed to finish the lesson and get out of that classroom I will never know. But, essentially, I had pulled it off. Things were in motion.

From Day one, after our arrangement, everything changed. It was as though I had built a fire under them. All noise and chatter suddenly ceased; it became a thing of the past. Disruption was a no-no. Now they listened to every word I said. I couldn't believe the change. I was on cloud nine as homework was dutifully handed in, discussion and debate was intelligent and generally to the point. 

But, if I had been under any illusions as the reason for this change, Billy Jones put me right on that, one day after class. "It's lust what's done it Miss. They all want to see you strip naked." 

"Oh" I said." Well ...we're all looking forward to it then." (What else could I say?)

Weeks went by and the progress was nothing short of amazing. Even the half dozen lazy girls were caught up in it. They didn't know anything, about what had been agreed of course, but, the atmosphere in the class was conducive to learning and that had benefited them. The boys were shushing them every time they started to talk.

Then Billy gave me the written paper. He said all the guys had agreed on it. 

I started to read it on my lunch break in the staffroom, but, quickly decided to disappear into the ladies. I didn't want anyone else to see me with it. In a cubicle, I took off my skirt and started to read. I was shocked; it was a boy's charter for sexually exploiting their nieve blonde teacher. No wonder they were all working like demented beavers. 

I was to strip, yes, that was still in there, but now, I had to remain naked until they gave me permission to put my clothes back on. They wanted a real good look at my naked body.

My imagination ran riot, and, before I knew it, my hand was reaching inside my panties seeking out my pussy. Whose fingers would get me there first, I wondered, Billy, Ray, Donny? It could be a gang-bang. 

Ironically, it was the best piece of written work they had ever produced. Proof that they could actually write. And, some intelligence there if I was not mistaken.

My conclusion was that IF enough of these boys achieved academic success, they would definitely be trying to take liberties with me. That seemed to be the bottom line. But, maybe I was worrying unnecessarily. Academic geniuses they were not and passing exams for them was a tall order, given their school records.

Not wanting to think about it anymore, I put the document down. "Why don't you just let the boys sort it out," a little voice in my head seemed to say.

And, this particular dizzy blonde continued to masturbate, instead, now concentrating on her sensitive clit. I couldn't remember the last time I had done this at work. It must have been the subject matter I had been reading about that was making me hot.

I sighed happily and leaned back on the toilet seat, my panties were off by then and my fingers busy...I was thinking of Donny...so cute and also of Billy, yes Billy, my favourite...oh, oh. My pussy was SO wet...

Time slipped by...

I looked at my watch, Jesus! How long had I been in here? Jumping up, I thrust their paper into my bag and put my skirt back on. My panties were on the floor and sopping and I just threw them into the waste basket as I ran out. Goodness, what would my husband think of me, if he knew about the deal with my students.

When I got back to my class, they were all watching me. I knew what they were waiting for. They wanted my agreement to what they had written. 

They waited until the girls went to cookery. That was my cue. Was it a green light or what? They wanted to know. If I didn't agree to what they had drawn up I knew that the deal was dead. We would be back to the dark days of mayhem, disruption and frustration. I couldn't face that, but, on the other hand, I was risking well...what was I risking? It didn't bear thinking about...

"Well Miss, what's it to be?" Enquired young Billy Jones, impatiently. I felt nine pairs of eyes on me. Then my heart was pounding again, my throat dry as dust. I tried to speak but nothing came, I was feeling the pressure. Then, I heard that squeaky little girl voice again, coming from my own throat. Despite myself, It was the clear, but, unmistakeable, sound of female submission. "O.K. we can do this" my voice confirmed. My silliness in the toilet had all but destroyed my reasoning power. I hadn't even read the damn thing properly.

They all roared. It was a sound that had resonated through the ages: A mix of male triumph and lust over the female species. It made me go weak at the knees. 

Of course, they made me sign it; I wasn't going to be left with any escape route. They wanted to pin me down; their own signatures were already on it: Participants in lust and desire. I read each name of my possible masters and visualised what they might do to me, I closed my eyes and felt an erotic shudder shiver through my body :-

Billy Jones, Ray Mullins, Dave Watkins, Donny Rollins, Frank Oates, Jack Kelsey, Pete Smith and Mike Dawson. (The other boy Isaac Rix was too spaced out to care)

They were all hoping to get a piece of me. First the full strip and then, well, there would be kissing and such, and, no doubt, anything that horny adolescents had in mind. And, I couldn't complain because initially it had all been my idea. That was until they had taken it over and ran with it. At the time, it had seemed like a bit of harmless fun, something to get them going. I was sure it would never actually happen. But the guys were in control now, and had adapted it to suit them. It seemed much darker and sinister now. I should have objected and refused to go along with it. But it was too late. My fate was now in their hands. 
