 Originally when Taylor told me her story, she omitted that there was a second incident before graduation. Her boyfriend Tyler doesn't like for her to talk about it but she wanted it to be heard so I wrote it for her once again. Here is the sequel to that first one. 

Track season had ended and we were a week from graduation. Thankfully, since it happened three weeks prior, the video of the locker room gangbang had not went public and at that time, Tyler and I were hoping...I mean praying that it wouldn't. Tyler also had so much trouble letting it go after everything that we were made to do. Yes, it was humiliating and degrading for both of us, yet some evenings before I went to bed, I found myself masturbating to the incident and afterwards feeling so ashamed of myself. Tyler would be horrified if he knew.

Just a reminder that Tyler is my boyfriend and he hates the three guys who were involved. Karl, who has a great muscular body along with being hung, was the instigator while my ex, Bailey, and another guy, Jackson, were the other two guys. It was my fault because I had always teased and led these guys on but never gave any of them an opportunity to date me as I felt they weren't in my league. My dance team was also there except for my sister who had a dentist appointment that day. 

It is an all-female dance team. I was really conceited, bossy and the captain of the dance team. Like with most girls, we all acted like we liked each other but I know most of them hated me. One of the co-captains with me was a girl named Ky who I really disliked. She is brunette, super skinny and has no body. Another co-captain, Meg, who was a blonde short pudgy girl with big boobs and an ass. Jen was a little Asian girl with a nice body and one of my "best friends" who talked a lot of shit and apparently hated me without my knowledge. The girl who I thought was my BFF, Ash, was also a slutty pole dancer with huge boobs, super skinny and a huge ass. She also cheated with Bailey. My sister Anne, who is younger and dislikes me just like the others because she wants to top my every move. My parents favor her which is quite annoying. She is blonde, hotter, with bigger boobs and a nicer ass than me. The new girl Nicole, who was also at the locker room gangbang because she was on the track team but not on the dance team with us. Nicole was blonde with blue eyes, C cup boobs, with an ass that every guy in the school loved.

Being so upset and anxious about the possibility of the video footage leaking out and from the actual incident, Tyler wasn't himself. We didn't have sex in those three weeks and he constantly made sarcastic comments like, "I know you liked it," or "I think you want Karl because he has that huge dick," or "You don't act that upset it happened."

I would always blow it off by assuring him, "You're crazy, it was awful for me. How can you accuse me of those things?"

When Tyler and I would see these people at school, we would just ignore them while they snickered. I even got into an argument with that little bitch Ky. That evening, Anne told me that there was going to be a dance team party at a bonfire somewhere in the country on Saturday. 

"Those bitches can all fuck off. I'm not going to any party with them there," was my stern response. 

"Well, I hate to be the one to tell you this but Jen told me that if you didn't come, she was sending the tape to dad's email. Besides, I think it would be good for you to get out and go with me. You need to get back to some normalcy. Who knows, maybe they will even apologize," encouraged Anne.

"Oh, so now they want to blackmail me, huh? Hummm, I think I will go, I'm not scared of them. I will text Tyler and..." I was interrupted by Anne, "No boys allowed. Jen and Ky both said no way."

Even though I was putting on a tough front, I really didn't want that video sent to my dad. Tyler was torn as he didn't want me to go but also wanted that video. That Saturday, Anne and I were getting dressed. I was wearing jeans, a red top and ankle boots. Anne wore a long sweater over her leggings with calf high boots. We drove forever until we pulled into this old farm house that belonged to Nicole's cousin. As we walked in the darkness to the back, I heard voices. Finally arriving down a hill, where there were benches and chairs around a big fire. 

Jen sarcastically greeted me, "Well, well...I am so happy you came. I didn't think there would be any way you would. I see you know everyone." 

I snapped, "Cut the shit. You bitches don't scare me. Now I'm here and held up my end of the bargain. I will take the video and be on my way."

Meg walked up next to Jen and replied, "No that isn't how it works. You are such a stuck up bitch who got what she deserved. You'll get the video later on but we have plans tonight and it's gonna be a long one...babe."

Of all people, Anne added, "Taylor, you need to listen to them if you don't want dad seeing you acting like such a whore in the locker room."

I couldn't believe it, Anne was on THEIR side and being out numbered, I decided to give in and do what they wanted when I said, "Ok, you bitches win. What do I have to do to get the video?"

"You can start by taking off all your clothes and sitting on that blanket by the fire. Don't worry, we won't see anything that we haven't already seen before," chuckled Jen before adding, "Those tits of yours are so small, it will be like a 12 year old boy sitting with us." 

As I put my clothes on a chair and sat down on the blanket, I was embarrassed but at least the fire kept the temperature just right in the cool night air. It was just as humiliating sitting in front of all my dance team naked again but because there were no guys present, it was even weirder. 

"Do you have it?" Jen asked Ky.

"Right here and the lube too," answered Ky.

Ky was holding the biggest dildo I have ever seen. It was massive. As she jiggled it around, I estimated that it was at least 12 inches long and as big around as a Pringles can. I immediately became afraid. 

Jen then commanded, "Ok Taylor, assume the position. You were such a fuckin slut for the guys in the locker room, we think you can be a slut for us girls. What better to show us than taking a huge dick...because that is what sluts do."

"That's not going in me, plus, you're the biggest slut here, Jen," I replied proudly at my quick verbal burn. 

"Are you sure about that? I wasn't the one taking three guys at once in front of everyone...that was you. Lay down and put your ghost white legs in the air so I can shove this monster dong in you for us to watch. By the way, don't you ever tan?" Jen demanded. 

Just then, two girls who I didn't know, went down to their knees and grabbed my arms where I couldn't move them. I started kicking and that is when Meg took one leg while Ash held the other. Meanwhile, Anne had my phone and was Facetime calling Tyler. 

When he answered, he saw my sister's face and she told him with a sinister smirk, "Hi Tyler, as you can see, this is Anne and Taylor wanted me to call so you could watch her be a slut again. Here, let me prop the phone up on this tree so you can watch all the action." 

I shouted out, "No I didn't Tyler. This is their sick plan!" 

I could hear him yelling at everyone but because he had no idea where we were, he could not do anything but watch. It was a like a bad rerun for him. I was on my back and the girls held my ankles with my legs apart with my feet in the air. Jen squirted a ton of lube on the dildo's head while trying to smear it evenly around the huge phallus. She went down to her knees in front of me like a gynecologist about to give me a checkup. She slathered the excess lubrication on my pussy lips, even dipping her fingers inside me.

"Look at these meat curtains. Taylor, your pussy lips are big and disgusting. How can someone have big lips but a tiny hole? I bet Tyler gets choked on those. Don't worry, when I'm done, that hole will match those monster lips," snickered Jen as she pinched my labia with her thumb and finger. 

She put the huge dong's head against my vaginal opening, twisted it around and around to equalize the lube. The corkscrew technique eased inside me and "ouch" it hurt a ton. It was so big, I felt like I was having a child. Jen pushed it inside me, stretching out my inner walls. She shoved as many inches that would fit and then a little more. I would estimate I had at least 9 or 10 of those inches buried in me. 

While on her knees, Jen used both hands to pump me with the massive dildo. It was so painful in the beginning but as the girls taunted and humiliating me, I, in some sick way, started to enjoy it. 

Meg was first as she yelled over her shoulder at Tyler on the phone, "Are you getting this Tyler? Your deformed pussy girlfriend is taking that monster cock like the whore she is. This fuckin thing is stretching her even more than Karl did. When we are done with her, you will have to strap something wide to your ass so that you don't fall in." 

I was actually feeling an orgasm starting to build up from the thrusting dong. Meg squatted down to take Jen's place, gritted her teeth and began her assault on my pussy. She would twist as she pumped it in. We could hear the slurping suction sound that the friction was producing. 

While Meg fucked me with the dildo she looked at all the watching girls and asked, "I think tiny tits Taylor needs some pussy in her mouth. Can't one of you girls help her out?" 

For some reason, when I heard that, it sent me into an orgasm. I started grunting "Oh fuck! Oh..Oh..Augghheeeeee! Ah!" while my vagina spasmed around the fat dildo being shoved inside me. I had never had anything with that much girth in my canal so when it twitched during my climax, it felt amazing. 

Meg then huffed, "Fine...I'll be the first. Ash take over for me."

Ash said, "Look how weird Taylor looks when she orgasms. Those enormous pussy lips look like a giant hand grabbing that rubber cock."

When Ash took Meg's place and began to ream my hole, Meg took off her pants and stood over-top me. She used both her hands to grab my head and mash my face to her warm musty pussy. It smelled strong. While pressed against her pussy lips, she shook my head back and forth like she was using my mouth as a bullet vibrator. 

"Eat it you whore. Eat that pussy. You know with such a small titties, you might have to rely on your pussy eating skills to get by. Oh yea, use that tongue, slut. Stick it in deeper," growled Meg.

I licked Meg's twat the best I could considering I was barely able to breathe while wearing her crotch as a mask. She eventually held my head still and grinded her puss on my face until she grunted in orgasm, "Oh fuck I'm cummin you skinny bitch. Eat my juice. Suck it out of me! Oh..Ooooooo." 

That made me cum again and the girls mockingly laughed. Meg pulled herself off my face and gasp, "Whew that was better than any guy. This white pasty ghost who claims to be 'miss good girl' eats pussy pretty damn good."' 

Ash said, "I want some of that head. Taylor might have pencil thin ugly lips but it looks like her tongue does the trick. Ky, your turn."

Ky took Ash's place and was rougher with the thrusting dildo. Ash took her pants off and stood over me so that I could lick her pussy. Her hole was wet from witnessing what had just happened which inspired me to lap her juices up. When I began to suck on her clit, she grabbed a fist full of hair on top of my head and hung on tight while she screamed in orgasm.."Don't you stop eating. Yes, just like that. Suck it. Suck it harder! Harder! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Ohhhhhh!" 

Ky said while referring to my vagina, "Ewww, come here girls, you gotta see this. Look how gross her pussy looks, slurping this dick. You're right, those lips are disgusting." Before adding while Ash flooded my mouth, "Cum between those skinny ass lips, Ash. I think she loves it more than you do"

One of the girls holding my legs, reached down and jostled my boobs and chimed in, "Not to mention she has the smallest tits here. I bet Tyler hates that she has such small ones but then again, he has such a small dick so they probably make a good couple." 

It was a repeat performance as I came again while Ash also orgasmed on my face. She stood on her tiptoes while leaning back. Her juices flooded my mouth. The orgasm was slightly stronger than the previous one. I might even have squirted a little that time. The girls took their turns fucking me with dong. One by one, they knelt down and performed their own technique whether it was sliding it in very fast, very slow, twisting it around and my own sister Anne, shoved it in, then pounded on the bottom of it like she was hammering a nail which hurt and created pleasure at the same time. My pussy was thoroughly used by all the girls. 

Ash asked Anne, "You guys grew up together. Have you two ever...you know...fooled around?"

Anne responded, "No she is too wrapped up in her own life. She is selfish and only thinks about herself."

Ash said, "Have her eat you now. You have such a nice ass while her ass is too big for her skinny body. Are you sure you have the same dad? Better yet, have her eat your awesome ass so she knows what one is supposed to look like."

I had seen Anne naked plenty of times but never seen her orifices up close. She slid her leggings down to her boots and bent over right in front of my face. She took the back of my head and backed up simultaneously until my face smashed directly into her ass crack, with my mouth pressed against her anus, I used my hands on her thighs to hold myself up. 

One of the girls I didn't know said, "Eat that ass you no-tits skank. Taste that hole. God, she is disgusting with all those freckles on that white body."

I munched and licked Anne's ringed sphincter like it was full of candy. It was warm and I would circle my tongue to get Anne squirming on my mouth. I even reached up and finger fucked her pussy. She was loving it as much as I was. Anne was bent so far down she was now touching her own boots to give me better access. It was sick, perverted and incredibly erotic. 

I began to let out a muffled cry of sheer pleasure inside Anne's ass because I was now cumming. Someone pulled out the huge dildo while I squirted a stream of female ejaculate across the blanket. Anne was now fingering herself to her own climax and sure enough after I began to cum, her digit and my tongue caused her to shake in orgasm. I could feel the spasms radiate through her pussy to her asshole and twitch around my tongue. 

"Look at the fuckin whore cum," commented Jen.

"Screw that. Look how stretched the hoe's pussy looks. It is absolutely disgusting. You could fit your arm in there," said Ash.

I was still trying to recover from my squirting orgasm when Ky lifted her eyebrows to share her thoughts, "Hum, that is a fucking great idea. Get on your knees. We will just see if an arm will fit in this jacked up hole of yours,"

I was now on all fours when Ky got behind me, put all her fingers together and slid her hand inside my pussy. Even with all the stretching, it wasn't an easy fit when the fat part of her thumb above her wrist reached my opening. Ky pushed and in it went. Her entire hand was inside my vagina and I could feel her moving her fingers around. It tickled and was painful at the same time but that quickly changed when she balled up her hand into a fist. That ballooning effect stuffed me once again.

"Oh my God. Girls, you aren't gonna believe this but I just made a fist inside this skank. I wish you could see it. I'm gonna fuck her with," an excited Ky warned as she was in me up to her forearm. 

"Do it. She is such a slut, I bet she won't feel it," Jen replied.

Ky wasted no time in thrusting her fist and arm inside my tunnel while I was in the doggie position. It hurt but also turned me on. I was ashamed of myself but all this humiliation aroused me. I had another girl fisting me and I didn't mind. I had no idea what Tyler was thinking as he watched on Facetime. 

"Don't just stand there, somebody give this whore a pussy to eat," Ky pleaded to the girls.

"Fine, I haven't cum in a while. I will let the lesbo munch some carpet," chirped Jen as she removed her pants. "Before I do, I want a little kiss from the bitch," Jen added.

Jen was on her knees, pinched my cheeks together and planted a huge kiss on my lips, allowing her tongue to deeply probe the inside of my mouth. She then pulled off and spit inside my mouth. It took me by surprise but it was so gross it was hot. 

Jen laughed, "There you go. You crave my germs and now you have em. Swallow my spit you hooker." 

I could do nothing but follow her orders and swallowed her saliva. Jen got on her back and slid down to where my face could go down and eat her muff. When I put my face inside, it was a hairy bush. I could tell she hadn't shaved or waxed for a while. I raked my tongue through the hair to enjoy her sopping pussy. She tasted very salty but I continued to eat her out while Ky fist fucked me. It was wild and when I shuddered in orgasm, I sucked Jen's hooded clit roughly so she shook in orgasm as well. 

Ky pulled her hand out of me and it was caked with white cream. She put it up to my nose and ordered, "Smell this. You can see what a whore's disgusting pussy smells like. Better yet, eat your own juices off it."

I licked my own juices off her hand and forearm while Meg inserted her fist. Meg was more to my side, put one hand on my ass for leverage, then reamed my hole. Ky then laid on her back while I ate her smooth sweet pussy until Meg massaged my G-spot with her fingers which gave me a squirting orgasm. My juices ran down her arm and dripped off her elbow. Ky rubbed her own clit while I licked her twat. With us working as a team, little Ky had a powerful climax of her own. 

The girl I didn't know said, "How could you guys have been friends with such a slut? An ugly slut at that. She thinks all the guys love her. Yuck."

Jen added, "Her tits are too little for her body and her ass is too big but as long as Taylor thinks she looks good I guess."

Meg chimed in, "She is so fuckin white and those freckles are disgusting."

Ky laughed, "Yea and look how stringy her hair is. She prances around school thinking she is all high and mighty but everyone is laughing at her." 

When every girl had taken turns fist fucking me, someone told me to lay down on my back again. When I did, Anne stood over me with her pants still at her boot line. She squatted and said, "We have treated Taylor like the slut she is, now it's time to treat her like the disgusting toilet she is."

Just then, Anne startled me when a stream of pee jolted out of her hole and hit me in the face. It was very warm, acidic and powerful enough to choke me when some of it went up my nose. She moved her hips around aiming her stream in my mouth, on my neck and all over my hair as though she was trying to put out a fire. 

When Anne stopped urinating on me, she sighed, "That felt great. Who's next?" 

Each girl took turns peeing on me and when they were all done, I was so soaked, it looked like I had taken a shower. When Ky did it, she actually sat down on my chest so her stream ran all over my neck and boobs. They were standing overtop me laughing when some cars began to pull in the driveway. As the doors closed, I could see many figures walking toward the back. When they began to talk, I knew it was guys who had arrived. That is when I heard Karl's voice.

"I'll be damned. I can't believe it. She actually did show up. What the fuck? Did she go swimming or take a shower or something?" asked Karl.

Ky chuckled, "Yea she did. She took a big shower...golden that is."

Ash laughed, "Yea and now she smells as bad as she looks."

Karl stooped down, grabbed me by my wet hair, tugged my head back and asked, "How's my slut doing?" Then he addressed the crowd of girls, "Did you girls have fun with her? You are going to have to tell me all about it."
