 We had been working together for about 3 months when I started to notice Jackie.

She was a waitress at the bar I managed and boy was she yummy!

A little compact blonde with 36D titties and an ass to die for.

We were chatting one night and I casually mentioned I was off the next day and asked her if she wanted to come over for dinner and a couple of drinks. She agreed and we'd meet at my place around 6pm the next day.

I bought some steaks and a bottle of wine. I realized my roommate had some over proofed rum from the Dominican so I whipped up some pina coladas as our pre dinner cocktails.

She arrived a little after six and we had a few drinks and bitched about work. As the rum started to do its thing, I began to get closer to her, running my hand up her leg.

I noticed she was wearing a garter which was holding up her silk stockings and could smell the faintest odor of pussy wafting from under her skirt.

My hands massaged her huge tits and we began to tongue wrestle as her breathing became quicker.

I boldly moved my hand all the way up her thigh to her crotch where I was surprised to find a lack of panties.

I felt around and discovered she had clean shaven lips with just a little Mohawk above her slit.

She was dripping wet and nothing turns me on more than a sopping wet cunt.

By this time she was rubbing my cock thru my jeans and I was afraid of cumming in my pants so I quickly pulled away and positioned myself between her outstretched legs.

I savored the view for a moment noticing she had a massive clit protruding from her juicy snatch.

I zeroed in on her bud and began to lick and suck her mound with relish.

She moaned and writhed as I brought her to at least 4 orgasms before coming up for air.

She then roughly pushed me onto my back on the floor and clawed at my zipper.

I helped her remove my pants and she got into prime sucking position.

Now I am not the best hung guy on the planet but for just under 7 inches it has satisfied most of the women I've been with. The thing they do enjoy most however is the girth. I've measured it and its 8 inches around so it's definitely more than a meal.

She began to tease my cum filled balls with her tongue and jerked my shaft slowly.

I could tell she was making this an event.

I watched as she brought her mouth to the head and opened wide to envelop my thickness. Concentrating on the pre cum leaking out of my slit, without warning she engulfed my entire shaft in one swoop.

My balls tightened and I wasn't sure how long I'd last but man it felt amazing.

After 5 minutes of face fucking I placed her on her knees in front of me and gazed at her round ass and shimmering slit.

Although some chicks aren't into it I took a chance and drove my tongue into her asshole and rimmed her ass until she was begging for me to fuck her.

My steel hard cock was screaming for relief so I wasted no time plunging it into her.

We fucked hard for a good 5 minutes until I felt the familiar quivering in my thighs and knew I was ready to blow my load.

I pulled out of her hot hole and rolled her over so my dick was aimed right at her rock hard nipples.

I tugged at my pud once or twice before my white hot jizz began to shoot from my cock.

All the women I've been with are always amazed at the volume of my loads. I could give Peter North a run for his money.

As rope after rope of steaming spooge shot out of my dick Jackie moved her mouth up to my cock and began to eat the remainants of my load.

Exhausted we fell back and caught our breath before heading out to the club.

About a week later, I was at home and my buddy Pete called (also from the bar) and asked if I wanted to have a couple of beers and a smoke. I was into it and told him to drop by around 7pm.

He arrived with a 12 of beer and a couple of joints.

We cracked a couple of brews and proceeded to get high. After an hour or so we were in a good place and I got up to get another beer.

As I closed the fridge Pete was standing behind me and lightly put his hand on my back.

"Guess what?" he said.

"What?" I replied.

"I'm bi. Did I ever tell you that?"

Before I could answer his hands were on my crotch and just like that he had my flaccid cock out of my boxers.

He put my manhood in his mouth and began to suck me hard. In no time I had a raging boner.

I loved the feel of his lips on my cock and it's strange but I had always felt a man would give a better blowjob than a woman because we just know what feels good and what doesn't.

I had fooled around with guys occasionally in the past just a quick suck here and there when we'd hang out at the gay clubs.

I was close to blowing my wad and warned Pete of this but he just kept sucking until I spilled my seed down his throat.

I was spent and he had no intention of me reciprocating so we finished our beers and went out to the bar for last call.

Several days later I had heard thru the grapevine at work that Jackie & Pete had hooked up.

It didn't bother me at all as we were all fucking each other at the bar so it was just another thing to gossip about after work.

The situation did, however, give me an idea.

I invited Jackie and Pete over for dinner one evening with the intention of fucking them both.

Amidst all the gossip it seemed that apparently Pete had a rather large cock and I was curious to find out if the rumors were true.

After they arrived I put some tunes on and we settled into a bottle of red wine and smoked a joint.

As we began to relax I thought if this is going to happen I'd better make the first move.

I reached over and gently massaged Jackie's massive right breast. As I did so I glanced at Pete and nodded knowingly and on cue he began to massage the left.

Jackie said "What're you to up to?"

"You'll see." I replied.

With that, I ran my hand under her skirt as she started to rub our crotches.

Within seconds I was rock hard and judging by the bulge in Pete's jeans he was as well.

Pete then took over the lead and got up kneeled beside her and slowly unzipped his pants.

He pulled down his tightly whiteys and the rumors were put to rest.

His member was at least 9 inches long and although not as thick as mine a prime piece of beef nonetheless.

I followed suit exposing my thick slab, and like a baby to a nipple Jackie took us both in her hands and began to jerk us off.

Pete and I were both rubbing her dripping pussy as she started to alternate sucking us both off.

"Put it inside me!" moaned Jackie as our manual stimulation began to drive her insane with lust.

Pete moved under her and slipped his monster tool inside her in the reverse cowgirl position.

I pulled away from Jackie's lips and moved to view the action head on.

My cock was throbbing as I watched Pete slick cock go in and out of Jackie's steaming hole.

I knelt down in front of them and began to lick Jackie's huge clit as Pete pummeled her from underneath.

Pete then pulled out and I grabbed his cock without thinking about it and wrapped my mouth around his huge cock.

As I sucked him I diddled Jackie's clit and she came, wailing so loud I was sure my neighbors would hear.

Deciding my cock needed some attention; I plunged Pete's meat back into Jackie's sloppy twat and moved over so that Pete had access to my hard on.

He engulfed my shaft and each time he went down he went a little further until his nose was buried in my pubes.

Jackie was still writhing on Pete's massive member and as if planned we both uttered "I'm cumming!" almost in unison.

I pulled my cock from Pete's lips and he got out from under Jackie and we both instinctively moved to either side of Jackie's face.

Pete erupted first splashing cum on Jackie's cheeks and nose.

I soon followed suit but aimed for Jackie's open mouth. 

The head of my cock swelled up and spurt after huge spurt drained into Jackie's gullet.

Pete mumbled "Wow!" as he witnessed how much jizz was spewing out of my cock.

All of us satisfied, we lay back on the couch and smoked another dube.

This time Pete took the lead and said, "Let's go to the bedroom."

Apparently this was just the beginning of our night.