 The next day I called Jeff and told him of the plans. I suggested that he meet me at our home and we would travel to Karen's in one car. He agreed and almost seemed to be as excited to see Judy again as he was to help pamper Karen.

I took Friday afternoon off of work and spent it gathering up the things we would need for Karen's special evening. I bought a massage table, thinking that it may prove to be a wise investment since the first use had turned out so well and we were getting ready for another promising evening because of it. I got some candles, strawberries, chocolate, wine and soft music. We would set up just as we had in the hotel for Judy.

I arrived home with everything we would need around 4:30 and when I walked into the house, Judy met me with a huge hug and kiss. She was naked again!

"I am so excited!" she cried. "I have already soaked three pair of panties today just thinking about what pleasure Karen is going to have, I decided just to get naked and save some on the laundry."

"Judy, you can run around here naked anytime you want! You know how I like seeing you nude!" I replied as I pulled her to me and kissed her deeply, feeling the passion stirring deep in my stomach.

"Are you certain that you want me to go through with this? I can just send Jeff if you are having second thoughts." I asked once more.

"Do three soaked pair of panties sound like I don't want you to do this?" she giggled. "The more I have thought about it, the hotter I have become. I almost wish I could be there to see everything!"

I guided her to the sofa and had her sit down. I knelt between her smooth thighs and looked at her beautiful face. "You said that I couldn't fuck this sweet pussy until Saturday afternoon, but you didn't say I couldn't eat my fill. If you have been running enough to soak three pair of panties today, that is a huge waste of the sweetest juices any woman ever produced. No more wasting that precious fluid!" I stated just before leaning forward to push my tongue into her tunnel, lapping at her, gathering her nectar and bringing it to my eager throat.

She moaned and pressed her head back against the sofa, her hips rising up towards my mouth and her hands held my head tight to her flooding pussy. I lapped for all I was worth, drinking her juice as quickly as I could and her hips began to buck as she tried to get her pussy closer to my tongue. I licked up to suck her clit and at the same time pushed two fingers inside her tight tunnel and she screamed and pulled my head harder to her. Her thighs tightened around me and her body shook and shuddered as the orgasm exploded deep inside her body.

"OHHHHHHHHH, fuck, Greg! That is so good! Yes! Don't stop! OHHHHHHHHHHH!" Judy cried over and over as I sucked and drank her cum throughout her orgasm.

When I had her pussy cleaned up and she had regained her normal breathing pattern, she pulled me up and kissed me deeply.

She whispered, "Hurry home tomorrow and make love to me. Tell me everything, but make love to me."

I kissed her again. "I definitely will, you can count on that! You are the most incredible woman I know! Not many women would do what you have done for a friend. I love you more than ever and please remember that you are the only woman I'll ever need."

She kissed me again and held herself against me, her hand slowly sliding up and down my chest.

"You need to go get showered and I need to put something on before Jeff gets here." She said.

" I can tell you that he is excited to see you again if his reaction to meeting here is an indication." I laughed. "You made quite the impression on that young man!"

Judy laughed and said, " I don't think so! He was very sweet to me and I really liked having him touch me and I must admit, having him in my mouth while you fucked me was the hottest thing I have ever experienced! I have thought about and relived those sensations several times over these few weeks and when I told Karen about that part I flooded my panties just telling her!"

I pulled her to me and kissed her again. "I am so happy to hear that! I am so glad that you enjoyed your massage and all that came with it." I replied.

"MMMMM, OH, I did!" she giggled! "Go get showered!" she ordered.

When I got out of the shower, Judy was just finishing her hair. She had put on a light sundress and from the sharp outline of her nipples I knew she did not have a bra on. I kissed her and complimented her on her choice of clothing and went to get dressed. I decided to go 'commando' and put on a pair of Dockers slacks and a polo shirt. I knew that I wouldn't have clothes on very long anyway.

We went downstairs together and I got a drink of water for us both. We chatted about our day and it was obvious that we were both getting nervous the closer it came to time for me to go. The doorbell rang and I went to it and opened it and greeted Jeff. He was also dressed in casual slacks and a polo shirt and when he came in and saw Judy, he lit up!

"Hello again, Judy! he exclaimed.

She went to him and hugged him tight, kissed him on the cheek and said," Hi Jeff, it is great to see you again."

We went into the kitchen and I got Jeff some water and we talked about what had been going on over the past few weeks. It soon became time for Jeff and I to go and Judy walked us to the door, hugged us both tight, kissing us softly on the lips and admonished us to be sure to treat her Karen just right. We assured her that we would and headed for Karen's house about 20 minutes away.

As we were driving Jeff said, "Greg, I don't mean to sound disrespectful or crass, but Judy is one of the hottest, sexiest ladies I have every met! You are one lucky guy!"

I laughed and responded, "Boy, you can say that again! She has always been so hot to me, but since our massage evening, she has become a tigress! She can't get enough sex and it is amazing what that woman can do!"

He shook his head and said, "Man, I sure hope I can find a woman like Judy sometime. I'm ready to settle down and want that one special person in my life."

"You'll find her." I said.

We arrived at Karen's right on time and pulled into her driveway and parked alongside her garage. The house was indeed secluded, being back away from the street and having lots of trees and shrubs filling the property.

We went up to the front door and rang the doorbell. Karen soon answered and both Jeff and I stood there momentarily speechless. She was wearing a short black lacy robe that barely covered her ass. Her beautiful blue eyes sparkled and her smile was radiant! Her cleavage and the swell of her firm full breasts were very evident as the lacy robe was quite tight around them. I felt my cock begin to swell just looking at her.

"Good evening, Karen." I finally managed to say, "This is Jeff."

She looked Jeff up and down causing his face to redden and she said, "Hello Greg, and Jeff, yes you do look delicious, Judy was certainly right about that!"

Jeff reddened even more and he stumbled, "Th..Thank you Karen, it is very nice to meet you and if you don't mind my saying, you look pretty delicious, yourself."

She laughed and said, "Thank you, my, aren't you the smooth one! Please, come in."

We went in and Karen led us to the great room and as we followed her, we both were captivated by her shapely legs and tight body. She had various beverages ready and I took a coke and Jeff and Karen each had some wine. We talked about different things for awhile giving Karen and Jeff a chance to get more acquainted and after a brief time they seemed to be hitting it off well.

I asked Karen where she wanted to have her massage and she offered to show us her house and told us that we could pick the place we thought would work the best. Her home was beautiful with several possible places to set up the massage table with room to move all around it. When we walked into her master bedroom I saw that it was in fact a suite, with a large sitting room attached. This was perfect! The sitting room was large enough for the table and was close to the bed and the master bath.

I told Karen that we had had Judy soak in a bubble bath before her massage to relax her muscles and give us time to set the 

massage table up. She told us that he had sat in the tub this late afternoon so she would be all ready when we got here. 

She giggled and said, "I guess I am just so eager for this to happen, I don't want to wait any longer than absolutely necessary!"

"Well, in that case, you go lie down and relax and Jeff and I will get the table and things from the car and set up right here. We'll be ready in just a few minutes." I grinned.

We hurriedly retrieved the table and other things we had brought and took them back to the master bedroom. Karen was lying on the bed with her long sexy legs out in front of her, her eyes taking in everything we were doing. We had the massage table set up quickly and then we set candles throughout the room, lit them and closed the drapes so the room was bathed in the soft glow of the candles.

I fixed the strawberries and chocolate and brought them into the room, setting them down between the table and bed. The oils were warmed and placed on both sides of the table.

We then next removed our clothes and went to Karen to help her onto the table. As we approached her, we both were at least half hard and her eyes moved back and forth and her smile got wider.

She slid from the bed, each of us taking a hand and we helped her stand. We escorted her to the table and untied the sash and slid the robe off of her shoulders, down her arms and off. Standing in front of us nude was an incredibly stunning woman and Jeff and I were both rock hard.

We helped her sit on the table and I brought her a strawberry dipped in chocolate. She took a bite and some of the juice dripped down her chin, and she leaned forward, catching it in her hand, laughing. We fed her strawberries and wine for awhile and became more comfortable with each other.

"OK, ready for this massage now?" I asked after feeding her several of the berries with chocolate.

"I've been ready since we decided to do it last Wednesday!" Karen laughed!

We placed her on her stomach and as we had done with Judy, I started at her feet and Jeff moved to her head to begin at her neck and shoulders.

We both took our time and used lots of oil massaged her legs, back and buns, kneading her muscles and working out any tight spots we encountered. Her soft moans of pleasure filled the room as we covered her with our hands. When I was massaging her tight buns, she opened her legs allowing me to slide my fingers down her ass crack to massage between her pussy and her ass. She moaned and her hips moved, lifting up slightly and my cock jerked and twitched seeing her ass seemingly beckoning.

She turned over onto her back and had a sip of wine before lying down so we could do the front. She complimented us on how wonderful this felt and told us how much she loved the massage.

"I just may have to schedule regular appointments!" she giggled.

Jeff quickly answered, "Anytime, Karen, anytime!"

We all looked at each other then burst out laughing and Jeff's face flushed a bright red!

'I guess he's enjoying this, Karen." I replied, winking at her.

Standing on either side of the table now, we began to massage her shapely legs working from her feet up towards her waist. Slowly and methodically we caressed every part of her legs moving ever closer to her pussy. Once massaging her upper thighs we moved to her arms, shoulders and abdomen, saving her breasts and pussy for last.

Karen was writhing and moaning as we covered her with soft caresses and deeper kneading of her taut muscles. Adding more warm oil we both cupped a firm breast and massaged it gently, rolling her hard nipples. She gasped and arched her back up off the table and she grasped our cocks at the same time, squeezing them firmly.

I slid my hand down over her smooth mound and slipped two fingers along her inner lips and into her pussy as Jeff moved his hand to roll and rub her clit. We both kept rolling her nipples, gently tugging on them.

Karen gasped and moaned and screamed as her first orgasm exploded deep inside. Her body shuddered and her pussy gushed with her cum. Gasping for breath, she stroked our cocks harder. Moaning, she exclaimed, "No more massage, fuck me, please fuck me!"

We helped her off the table and onto the bed. She held onto my cock and pulled me towards her mouth. I climbed up next to her head and she wasted no time in sucking me deep into her throat. Jeff positioned himself between her thighs and rubbed his thick head up and down inside her dripping lips. He stopped and reached for a condom and Karen looked to see what had interrupted her pleasure. 

She said, "I haven't been with anyone in over two years, I'm clean. Are you?"

Jeff replied, " Yes, I haven't fucked a lot of girls, and haven't been with anyone since I was with Judy and Greg almost a month ago now."

Karen smiled at him and said, "Let's leave that thing off then, ok?"

"What about getting pregnant?" Jeff asked.

Judy laughed and said, "You are such a sweet guy! That hasn't been possible for several years now. Come on Jeff, fuck me now!!"

Jeff lined his cock up again with her pussy and lunged forward driving balls deep with one hard swift thrust! 

She groaned as she felt Jeff slide into her, stretching her pussy and she took her mouth off of me and screamed again and exploded again, her body shuddering with another orgasm already. She pulled me back into her mouth and sucked furiously as Jeff began to drive his thick cock in and out steadily. I reached for her magnificent tits and tweaked and pulled her stiff nipples, causing her to moan louder as she continued to suck me while Jeff kept pumping her hot pussy again and again.

Karen was bucking her hips and bouncing off the bed, trying to ride Jeff for all she was worth. She somehow kept my cock in her mouth and squeezed my shaft with her cheeks, she sucked so hard.

I felt my balls begin to churn and I told her that I was almost there and was going to cum very soon if she kept sucking like that.

She sucked harder and rode Jeff faster and I shuddered, held her head steady and drove my cock into her throat and flooded her mouth with my cum. She sucked faster swallowing as much as she could get and milked me dry. My hot cum splashing into her throat seemed to take her higher and Jeff's good hard fucking pushed her off the edge again and she had her third orgasm in less than an hour.

My cock slipped from her lips and she wrapped her legs around Jeff and pulled him tight, urging him to keep fucking her, fuck her harder. His hips were a blur as his big cock fucked her tight hungry pussy again and again, her whole body shuddering under his onslaught.

He plunged deep and held there, his body beginning to shake. He cried out,"Fuck, here it cumssssssssss and sent loads of his cum spraying her pussy deep inside.

Karen screamed again when she felt his hot cum hitting deep inside and once more she exploded flooding his cock and balls as he pounded hard into her.

She lay there gasping for breath and we cuddled her, one on each side.

"Wow!" she exclaimed, "I have never felt anything like that! I have been missing so much!

We lay there together and she said, "Let's go get a shower and clean up a bit and see if we can have some more fun!"