 I've had some great feedback from the first couple of chapters and I really appreciate anything the readers of this story (or any of my stories) have to say on what I can do to improve my writing. Except for the guy who commented on chapter 2, accusing me of being a rapist and a chicken interferer. That was weird. Enjoy. 

*

I sat at my desk massaging my temples in an attempt to ease the growing headache that was developing just behind my eyes. I do so hate the lessons just before lunch. The potential fun of lunch break always made the classes in question a little raucous. Well, more raucous anyway. Especially given the class in question were first years. There must be a link between hormone levels and time between breaks that made teenage girls go mental.

I forced myself to go back to staring at the book I was marking in front of me and chuckled at someone having misspelt organism by missing the N and the I. Then I realised I was marking the books for the lesson coming up after lunch and this was Emily Moore's book. She probably did it intentionally I thought to myself, my cock lengthening in my trousers as I remembered bending her over this very desk and screwing her witless.

It was at that point that my phone buzzed to tell me I'd received a text. I picked it up and read it.

*Hiya sir. I did as you asked and have found a friend to share with you. She hasn't done her homework either. Someone kept her up all night. We were studying human sexuality. It was a practical tutorial ;). See you soon :). Emz.*

I suddenly remembered I hadn't given Emily my mobile number. That was definitely something to ask her about later. Preferably when we were alone and she was naked. My erection, which had started to abate, now found new impetus as my mind flashed back to the shower room, the water sliding down her flawless skin, the way she moaned like a whore when I slid my cock into her. The look of raw lust in her eyes just before she came.

I noticed what time it was just before the bell rang to signal the end of lunch and the start of ten minutes of tutorial time within their form groups. I had just ten minutes before the students for the last lesson of the day filed in and I hadn't finished marking their homework from the previous week as I'm nearly always a week behind.

I rushed through it, hoping my students wouldn't notice. I doubted they would.

The bell rang once more to tell students to get to their final lesson and five minutes after that my class began filing in. I was just about to close the door and begin the lesson when two stragglers came strolling round the corner. It would have to be Emily and her friend Nikki. It must have been her that Emily text me about. Those two were inseparable. What's more they were looking at him while whispering to each other.

"Come on girls. We haven't got all day." I warned.

"Sorry sir" Emily replied. "We had to stop by the library to pick up some books."

I put on my assertive voice, "Miss Moore. You and I both know the library closes at the end of lunch. Do not take me for a fool."

"No sir." She replied, her eyes attempting disobedient insolence and failing. The look she got in her eyes when aroused was unmistakeable.

I could see the fidgety way she was straightening her skirt that my assertiveness had set her going and that a wet spot was probably forming in the front of her knickers. Assuming she was wearing any. I doubted it.

I regarded her inability to stand still with amusement and decided to push her buttons a bit more. 

"Is something wrong Miss Moore?" I asked. I knew damn well she about to go bat shit.

"No sir. I wouldn't mind nipping to the bathroom before we go in though. Can I?"

I had a feeling she didn't need to use the facilities. It was obvious she had other things on her mind. There's no way I was going to allow that. Not when watching her squirm was more fun.

"Given you've delayed the start of my lesson by 5 minutes already Miss Moore I'm going to have to say no. Now go inside and sit."

"Please sir?" She looked at me pleadingly with her best doe eyes.

"No. Now are you going to go and sit down or am I going to have to march you to the headmaster's office?"

Emily relented and went and sat at her desk. Nikki had already done the same without me noticing. The whole lesson Emily sat there, squirming in her seat, constantly checking the clock, biting her nails and pretty much doing anything that would take her mind off her raging libido.

The rest of the lesson passed without incident. I could however feel Emily's eyes burning a hole in my trousers and caught her licking her lips on one occasion. Clearly she was going through what she thought was going to happen later in her mind.

The class finished and lined up to hand in their homework assignments. I noticed Nikki and Emily both taking up positions at the back of the line. One by one their classmates dropped their work on my desk and left the room till only Nikki and Emily were left.

"Well girls. No homework assignments?"

"No sir. Sorry sir." Nikki replied, genuine shame etched across her features.

"Nope." Emily added. All the while, grinning from ear to ear.

I stepped towards her, right into her personal space.

"Is there a reason why you're grinning Miss Moore?" My left hand sliding up the outside of her left thigh, up under her skirt. The digits of my hand closed around her pert, right buttock. My left hand travelled a little further north, searching for the waistband of her panties. I was right. She wasn't wearing any.

"Did we forget to put something on this morning Miss Moore?" I asked, knowing damn well how she'd answer.

"I don't know what you mean, sir" Her teeth desperately trying to take a chunk out of her bottom lip. "Surely to forget something you have to be trying to remember it in the first place?"

"That's very true, Miss Moore." I replied.

My left hand maintained its grip on her buttock as my right applied force to her lower back as I pushed toward my desk. She hit it with the top of her thighs and my right hand moved up gently forced her face down onto my desk, causing her skirt to ride up her buttocks. My left moved round between her buttocks as I stepped round behind her, my left slipping between her legs, my middle finger penetrating her hot wet box.

"Oh sir." She moaned. "You're going to need something bigger than that to punish me with. I've been very very naughty."

Meanwhile her friend Nikki who, until this point had watched this exchange in stunned silence, piped up.

"Emz, what are you doing? He's a teacher. He could get fired and you'll get expelled." 

Emily lifted herself off my desk, my left middle finger slipping out of her cunt in the process. She stalked over to where Nikki was stood, all feline grace and raw sexual hunger.

"You won't mind that he's a teacher once you see what is in his pants Niks. It's so long and hard he'll stuff you so well you won't be able to walk straight for a week." She smiled as her arms wrapped around her friend like an octopus envelops its dinner. 

I took a seat on my desk and watched the girls tongue wrestling as I loosened and then removed my tie as the girls began unbuttoning each other's shirts, their delicate hands nimbly working at the buttons. Their shirts now unbuttoned, the shirts dropped practically ripped from their shoulders, their kissing become more and more passionate and urgent. Emily's hand went for the zipper on Nikki's skirt and I had an idea,

"Ah ah ah. Skirts stay on girls. We can't have you too out of uniform now can we?"

"No, sir." Emily replied, turning temporarily from her friend causing Nikki to begin kissing and nuzzling her neck drawing some appreciative moaning from her friend. 

Emily then started manoeuvring Nikki towards my desk, I moved out of the way and she lowered her friend onto it on her back. Nikki moaned as Emily lifted her skirt and began tonguing her pussy.

"Why don't you give her mouth something to do sir?" Emily suggested inbetween sliding her tongue into Nikki's cunt and sucking on the girl's clit.

I stepped around the desk, unzipping my fly as I went, I stood in front of Nikki's face, just hanging over the age of the desk. I extracted my length from my trousers and she gasped in shock as it sprang free. I placed my hand on the back of Nikki's head as I guided her mouth to my hard dick. She hesitantly accepted it, her tongue sliding round and round it, coating it with her saliva. Her right hand took control of my cock as her lips began sliding up and down it. I could tell she didn't have much experience giving head. Her moans from Emily's ministrations on her pussy had me building nicely to orgasm despite her lack of experience.

Emily snapped me away from my thoughts of blowing a load down Nikki's throat with her next suggestion.

"She's ready for you sir. Time for you to screw her into the middle of next week."

I pulled my cock from Nikki's mouth and she let out a mew of disappointment. I stepped around the opposite side of the desk, pausing to remove my trousers and socks and shoes on the way. All the while, being watched by two pairs of eyes, one mischievous, one a little frightened of what was protruding from my torso.

I stepped in front of Nikki and placed the tip of my cock at the entrance of her dripping wet snatch. I slowly started sliding into her, her eyes clenched shut as she had to stifle a groan. I felt Emily sliding up behind me and whisper in my ear.

"Oh... My... God!" Nikki exclaimed, 

"That's sir, give it to her."

Emily's hands found Nikki's hips and began pulling her towards us, my cock impaling Nikki further on my rock hard organ. My cock was throbbing, from having Emily pressed so close into my back, her hard nipples brushing against my back.

By this point, Emily was struggling getting Nikki any further onto my cock so I pulled nearly all the way out and began pressing back into her. I felt Emily removing herself from behind me and start moving around the desk. Realising where she was probably headed, I pulled Nikki towards so her head was on the desk, her hips now hanging over the edge of the desk instead.

Emily climbed onto the desk and without any pre-amble lowered herself onto Nikki's waiting mouth. I felt Nikki's hymen go and blood trickle from her, pooling on the floor by my feet. If Nikki made any noise at this it was lost in Emily's labia.

I started thrusting into Nikki's tight quim and I looked Emily in the eyes as she began grinding her crotch on her best friends face, her large firm tits standing proudly from her chest and jiggling with every to and fro.

Nikki clearly knew what she was doing between Emily's legs as her eyes were half closed, her fingers were savagely twisting her nipples as she screamed out an orgasm. Next thing I know, Nikki's pussy starts to spasm as her own orgasm starts to build. I grab her hips start thrusting into fast and hard. I knew I wouldn't be able to keep this pace up but thankfully Nikki screamed from under Emily as her own orgasm ripped through her, which then sent me over the edge as I filled her with cum.

I pulled out of her, semen already dripping from her. Emily sprang from the and lapped up every drop to avoid any spilling on the floor and raising questions from the cleaners.

"Good girl" I said as I strode towards her. She stood just in time as I reached where she was now stood. I turned around and pushed her in the direction of the nearest wall.

"Sir, what are you doing?" she asked, puzzled.

"Giving you your reward, Miss Moore."

I put her up against the wall and my right hand came down hard on one her pert buttocks, the sound echoing through the nearly empty classroom. She spread her legs without me asking and I dipped down and slid my cock up into her causing her to sigh in contentment.

"Oh sir, you know how to show a girl a good time."

"I know how to show a slut a good time you mean."

"Yes sir." She replied, submissively.

I straightened my legs, taking Emily's smaller frame of her feet and pinning her helplessly against the wall.

"Oh sir I love being your little slut. Make me scream, please." she pleaded.

I started lifting her off my cock before slamming her back down onto it, every downward movement causing her to scream with lust. I could feel that she getting close. I increased the force of as I slammed her onto my cock harder and harder until she tensed up as her orgasm hit her like the wind on a cold winter's morning. I hadn't quite finished however so I pulled out of limp body, forced her onto her knees in front of me, grabbed her hair and with three good strokes blew my load into her waiting mouth.

Next thing I hear is the door handle coming down. I looked across at the door that I swear blind I'd locked just in time to see my head of department, Miss Jones open the door and gasp in shock at what she sees.

"Ah Miss Jones. I er, can explain." I stuttered looking across at the semi-conscious form of Nikki on my desk half naked and the half-naked kneeling Emily in front of me, tonguing my cum around her mouth absentmindedly like it was mouthwash.

"This had better be the best explanation of all time Mr Burton or I'll have you fired so quick your head will spin."

To be continued...