 The invitations were ambiguous, yet intriguing.

They were sent out to 10 young men who either still lived in the town of Smallwood, population approximately 3,500, or who had grown up there and lived reasonably close. Most of those lived in Hazelton, a university town that was actually a small city of about 60,000 located 25 miles away.

The men ranged in age from 18 to 27, and they had several things in common. They had all graduated from Smallwood High, they had all been in the school's gifted student program, particularly in English, and they had all been a little outside the social mainstream.

They hadn't exactly been misfits, nor were they exactly nerds, but they had all been a little on the shy side in high school, and all of them had been loners to a degree.

The invitations all had a post office box for a return address, they all carried with them a subtle whiff of a very enticing perfume, and they all offered no clue as to the sender.

They were each set in a floral type and individually addressed. They read: Dear (addressee), You are invited to a celebration at 1371 Briar Creek Rd. at 8 p.m. Saturday, June 4. Please RSVP at (a local telephone number). Your presence is most urgently desired. Dress casual. Directions to the house were printed at the bottom. At the very bottom was a request to please not bring uninvited guests.

And that was it. There was no name anywhere on the invitation, and when the phone number was called, a mechanical voice on an answering machine directed them to leave their name and to indicate whether they would be able to come on June 4.

Needless to say, all 10 men who received the invitation were curious enough to accept, although some of them were a little apprehensive. But none of them had wives or girlfriends who might get suspicious, so one by one all 10 dutifully arrived alone right around 8 o'clock that Saturday.

The house was a little way into the country and sat at the end of a somewhat long driveway, behind a couple of large oak trees. It was fairly new; a smallish one-story affair that looked well kept.

There was no name on the mailbox by the road, although there was a For Sale sign out in the front yard. If there was a vehicle present, it was shut away in the two-car garage that sat on the left side of the house as they approached.

As each invitee arrived, they were greeted by a typeset note tacked to the front door instructing them to come on in and make themselves at home. The note said that beer and sodas were available in the refrigerator, there was liquor on the eating counter in the kitchen and hors d'oeuvres in the breakfast area.

As the guests entered, they saw that a large open area dominated the house, with a fireplace set in the opposite wall. There was a dining area to their right, as they entered, and the breakfast area was in the far-left corner, next to the door to the patio, with the kitchen to the left toward the front of the house.

There were a couple of sofas and a few chairs set in strategic places in the large den, but the dining room was bare, and there was nothing on any of the walls to indicate the identity of the home's owner, who was nowhere to be seen.

To the right of the den was an entryway into a short hall with two bedrooms on either end, the doors to which were closed, and a bathroom in the middle. There was also a closed door that appeared to lead to a master bedroom set off at the far end of the breakfast area.

It was a nice, cozy little home, with nothing to indicate any sort of menace.

By 8:15, all 10 men had arrived and had indeed made themselves at home. Most of them had filled plates with the food that was laid out, light snacks and vegetables, and most of them had availed themselves of beer or sodas from the otherwise empty refrigerator or made themselves a mixed drink. Soft jazz music played from speakers set in a corner of the den

Everyone there knew at least one other person there, from their high school days, and a few knew several of the other guests. But because of the disparity in ages, none of the 10 men knew everyone in attendance.

Introductions were made where necessary, and those who were already acquainted got caught up on what was happening in each other's lives.

But the main topic of discussion was the identity of their mysterious host, and why they had been summoned to this location. No one really had a clue, since no one really knew what, if anything, they had in common.

A half-hour passed, during which time darkness fell on the house, and the men began to get edgy and wondered if they were being made sport of.

Suddenly, the door to the front bedroom opened, although not everyone heard it. But they quickly noticed when an authoritative female voice spoke up from the entrance to the hall.

"Good evening, gentlemen, I am so glad you've come tonight," the woman said.

The 10 men all looked over, and when they did, their jaws dropped to the floor.

"Jee-zus," one man whispered, as they all drank in a most stunning sight.

For standing in the entrance, leaning seductively with her arms draped against the two sides of the doorframe, was the one thing all 10 of the young men had in common. And she was all but naked, clad only in a pair of stockings, a garter belt and high heels.

Nell Fairchild had planned this night carefully, as she did with everything in her life. This party was her swan song, her farewell to Smallwood before she left it for good.

At age 32, Nell had suddenly reached the crossroads of her life a few months earlier when it had been learned that her mother had cancer. Nell's parents had divorced when she was 12 years old, and her father had dropped out of her life. Nell's only sibling, an older brother, was an officer in the Navy and currently stationed overseas.

So she was the only person who could take care of her mother, and she had quickly grown weary of making the frequent 250-mile trips from Smallwood to the suburban area where she had grown up, and where her mother still lived.

It was too bad, really, because she had enjoyed the 10 years she had spent in Smallwood. She had come there fresh out of college to fill an opening for a senior English teacher at the high school, and she had also been assigned the advanced class for honors students.

She had proven to be an excellent teacher, one of the district's best. She had a passion for English literature and was keenly interested in Shakespeare.

Nell was well liked by her students, but she was known to be a tough, utterly no-nonsense teacher. She liked to challenge her students, especially the gifted kids. If you were a senior in her Honors English class, you knew you were going to write, a lot.

As animated and as open as she was in the classroom, when she was away from school, she zealously guarded her privacy. The only persons who knew her home address were her superiors, her home telephone number was unlisted, known only to very few, and when she wasn't on duty, she kept strictly to herself.

Her quiet, reserved nature carried over to the way she looked. She knew that a young female teacher in a high school setting was ripe for accusations of improper contact with students, so she always dressed very conservatively, she rarely wore more than basic makeup and she was never seen without her glasses.

As a result, there were some who called her the Ice Queen, although that was at odds with her classroom persona. There were also some whispers that she was a lesbian, but those who had gotten to know her doubted that.

Those types of rumors were especially rife among the school's social elite, for which she had a vague disdain. The jock types enjoyed whispering about Miss Fairchild, because, frankly, her conservative mode of dress, and her prim and proper manner failed miserably to disguise her immense sex appeal.

Nell was tall, upwards of 5-foot-10, and slender, with long legs that were the fuel for many a senior's fantasy, although her bust wasn't much to speak of. That mattered little to the male population at the school, teachers included, because she was easily the best-looking female at the school, students included.

She had slate-gray eyes that often sparkled, an unobtrusive nose, lips that were inviting without being lush, perfect white teeth that she displayed whenever she smiled. And when she smiled, it lit up her whole face. The whole effect was topped by soft, light brown hair that fell straight to her shoulders.

It seemed like every male in the school had wicked fantasies about Nell Fairchild, but everyone figured her for a quiet, studious person who was too straight for premarital sex. No one in Smallwood had ever seen her on a date nor had anyone ever seen her take a drink of alcohol or smoke anything.

But Nell had a secret. Quite contrary to her image, she was actually a very hot-blooded woman with a ravenous appetite for sex.

Nell had grown up in the suburbs of a large metropolitan area, attending a big public high school where she tended to blend into the background.

Although she was indeed quiet and studious, she had always had a lurid imagination for sex, and she quite willingly gave up her virginity early in her senior year to one of her friends from the drama club at her high school.

For a time, she was like a kid in a candy store when it came to sex, fucking anyone that she was remotely interested in. But a bad experience with one of the jocks at her school convinced Nell that she needed to be a lot more careful when it came to choosing sexual partners.

Always highly intelligent, Nell had earned a scholarship to the large state university in the city, which allowed her to live at home. There she set about making herself into the person she was at the present time.

She had applied the self-discipline that would become her trademark as a teacher to everything she did at college, including her sex life. She had a few boyfriends, and dated quite regularly all through college, but she never let any of them get too serious. Her main interest in a boyfriend was sex, and she made no apologies for it.

However, she quickly came to want more than just straight boyfriend-girlfriend sex all the time. In that, she was fortunate to have a mentor, a professor who guided her into a world of sex she'd only dabbled at in high school.

Early in her sophomore year, not long after he'd easily seduced her, this professor had invited Nell to go with him to a very exclusive, very private sex club. There she found exactly what she was looking for: safe, uninhibited sex of every sort without commitments or consequences.

The club was extremely discreet, with anonymity guaranteed, every member was required to keep up-to-date medical information on file, and everything offered by the club was clearly defined in its own particular area, so that no one would accidentally stumble into something they weren't prepared for.

Nell found a smorgasbord of carnal delights at the club. The only things the club did not allow were bestiality, acts involving bodily wastes and anything that a patron did not consent to. Most everything else was welcomed, including gay sex.

Nell sampled men – and women – of all races and nationalities, she had threesomes with two men, threesomes with another woman, and sex with multiple partners, including the occasional gangbang. She even tried the BDSM area in the club's basement, but she hadn't liked that scene very much, and usually steered clear of that area.

Even though it was quite expensive, she had applied for her own membership and was accepted. After college, Nell kept her membership current, despite the fact that she had taken a job 250 miles away. She made weekend trips to visit the club at least once a month, more often during the summer months and holidays.

It was her one vice, her one social indulgence, and it was one reason she scrupulously guarded her privacy in Smallwood, which was a small town in a very conservative part of the country.

But another reason she kept to herself and refused to allow anyone to get too close, especially her students, was the fact that she secretly lusted after some of them. She kept herself tightly wound on purpose, because she didn't trust herself otherwise.

Unlike most women, she had little use for the jocks and the other studs that most women fantasize about. The young men who got Nell's juices flowing were the loners, the smart guys, the slightly-lost boys who swam a little outside the mainstream.

Every year, there were always three or four of these young men in her Honors English class that would drive her completely around the bend. She would lie naked in her bed at night, vibrator in one hand, dildo in the other, and masturbate furiously to the mental image of one or the other – or sometimes more than one – of these boys fucking the hell out of her.

That was how she got through the long stretches between visits to the club for the vigorous fucking she'd come to crave.

It had been during a particularly strenuous session one night, not long after she tendered her resignation, that the idea for this party germinated.

Nell had been masturbating furiously, and the images of a number of her favorite students, the ones she'd always wanted to fuck, floated through her consciousness.

Suddenly, she sat upright in the bed as the idea began to form. Once she was no longer employed by the school district, she could do as she pleased, and it pleased her to take advantage of the opportunity to make up for lost time, all in one glorious orgy.

She thought about several scenarios she might use, and discarded most of them. She didn't want too big a crowd, nor did she want to invite just anyone.

Too many people knowing what was going to happen would ruin it, and she wanted young men she could count on to be discreet. She figured that eventually word might slip out about what was to happen, but if it did, she wanted it to be well after the fact, after she was long gone.

Eventually, she got the idea of inviting 10, one from each year she'd taught at the school. She would select one favorite, one teacher's pet, one young man whom she'd fantasized about from each of the Honors English classes she had taught.

She would invite them all to her house at a set time and let them all fuck her, as many times as they could get their virile young cocks hard for her, all night long if they wanted.

Because she still had a reputation to uphold, however, she chose to send the invitations anonymously, to enhance the mystery of the event, to ensure their privacy and to maintain the secrecy of her domicile until the time when she abandoned the house for the last time.

Nell wanted no possible hint of what was going to happen to leak out until her subjects were in place.

It took a fair amount of research and digging around to settle on the 10 who would be privileged to sample the delights of her comely body.

She started with a list of every boy in her classes that she had ever lusted after, year by year. Once she had a working list of about 30 to 40 young men, she began to find out who would be a suitable candidate for what she had in mind.

She was very careful about obtaining her information, sometimes checking school records on the pretext of doing a job reference. Other information she acquired by casual conversation at the grocery store or in the teachers' lounge.

Any of the boys that were married or were in a committed relationship, she eliminated. She also crossed off anyone who wasn't living close to the town, say, within an hour's drive, and if there was any question about a drug or drinking problem, she passed on them, as well.

After that, it was fairly easy. In most cases, that process of elimination left her with just one viable candidate for that particular year. In the few cases where she had to choose, she weighed several factors before choosing which young man to send a scented invitation.

These factors included looks, size, personality and, most of all, what she could remember about their cocks. One of the things she'd always done when she had a boy in class that she fantasized about was to surreptitiously look at his crotch and try to guess the size of his cock. It had become a game to her, and she found she still recalled most of them.

Once she had her 10 young men, it was easy to learn their addresses, and on the last day of school, she sent the invitations out and awaited the responses.

As she expected, all 10 had agreed to come. She knew how powerful curiosity is to the human mind, and the mysterious nature of the invitations was designed to pique their curiosity. And now they were there, in her home, staring numbly at something they had never dreamed they'd ever see

Nell Fairchild's naked charms were on full display to her stunned former students, and as they gaped in her direction, she gazed about the room at the 10 young men she had selected.

There was Jay Frieze, from her first Honors English class. He was average in height and had put on a few pounds in the 10 years since graduating from Smallwood High. He had light brown hair that was starting to thin on top. He wasn't normally the stuff of sexual fantasies, except that he had a winning smile and a wry sense of humor. Currently, Jay was working as a nurse in the large regional hospital in Hazelton.

From her second year, there was Alton McKenzie, a tallish, slender man with flaming red hair. He still lived in Smallwood, working as a real estate agent. He had been divorced for about a year, which was all to the good as far as Nell was concerned. She remembered the girl he'd married, and not all that fondly.

Bruce Myers was her choice from her third year, and if anyone should have been a jock, it was Bruce. He was a solid 6-foot-1 and very well built, with sandy blond hair that he wore fashionably long, to about collar length. But Bruce had always had a rugged individualistic streak, and he'd spurned every attempt to entice him onto the football team. His sports were outdoor activities – hiking, camping, canoeing, kayaking – and he was working in Meadowbrook, a town about 50 miles from Smallwood, for a company that booked outdoor trips to a number of far-flung venues.

Picking one of the many creamy boys from her fourth year was probably the toughest. Nell had ended up with three very good candidates, but she had finally settled on Charlie Reynolds. Charlie was average in height and wiry, with close-cropped dark blond hair. He had been the only one of the group that had actually been a varsity athlete, as he was probably the best distance runner Smallwood High had produced in many years. He was just now getting back into college in Hazelton after a four-year stint in the Air Force.

From her fifth year, Nell had selected James Johnson, who was fairly tall and solidly built, with dark brown hair and a beard. He was living in Hazelton and working for the daily newspaper as a police reporter.

One of her all-time favorite students was her pick from Year Six, even though he could be one of the most maddening. Brent Lucie was a carefree young man who would be attending his fourth college in five years in the coming fall, with no end in sight. He was average in height, and slim, with brown curly hair worn fairly short and a cool pair of sideburns. He was quite gifted musically, and had played bass guitar with a number of local bands.

Jeff Thomas, from her seventh year, had found college not to his liking, and was working as a waiter in one of Hazelton's finest restaurants. He was as smart as they come, but he had struggled in every subject except English and history. He had short blond hair, and he was short but stout, in contrast to his high school days. He had discovered the gym a couple of years ago and had improved his physique tremendously. Nell felt her pussy lurch when she laid eyes on him from the entry to her hall.
