 As we moved to the bedroom, Jackie decided to go and clean up in the bathroom, so Pete and I made ourselves comfortable on the bed.

"That was awesome, don't you think?" said Pete.

"Yeah, but we're not finished are we?" I asked.

"Not by a long shot!" replied Pete.

With that he reached over and began to stroke my cock.

I returned the favour, still amazed at Pete's size.

We moved into a 69 and I took the opportunity to study his magnificent member.

It just seemed to continue growing. I was distracted, however, by the incredible feeling of Pete deep throating my dick.

By now his massive meat was at its full 9 inches and I could taste pre cum leaking from his slit.

He stopped his oral love fest on my cock and asked if I had any lube handy.

I retrieved it from my night stand and he proceeded to slather some on my rock hard dick.

He then got on all fours facing away from me and lubed up his brown eye, shoving one then two fingers inside himself.

"Want to fuck me?"

His hole looked so tight I couldn't resist, so I brought my cock head to his man hole and began to slowly enter him. I took my time knowing from experience that anal sex with my thickness in no easy task.

I eased into him until I was about half way and began to slowly rock back and forth, each time sinking a little deeper.

Finally, I was buried in his steaming asshole balls deep.

He moaned and clenched, milking my rod with his muscles.

I glanced toward the bedroom door and there was Jackie, her nipples were like small rocks and she had two fingers buried in her sopping wet cunt.

She moved to the bed and lay down in front of Pete so he could eat her pussy while he got fucked.

As Pete lapped at Jackie's massive clit, I was pumping his ass like a mad man.

My balls began to tighten and I realized my orgasm was upon me.

I pulled out of Pete's ass and squeezed the end of my dick to calm myself because I just didn't want to cum yet.

Jackie was in the midst of a screaming orgasm herself as I noticed Pete had his lips locked around her big bud.

I flipped Jackie over and roughly entered her from behind as Pete moved underneath her and continued to lick her and tickle my cum filled balls with his tongue.

We fucked hard for a few minutes and then switched places.

As Pete drove his huge piece home he began to moan loudly which meant he was ready to blow.

"Shoot it on her crack!" I urged.

A few strokes later Pete pulled out and began to furiously fist his dick.

The head swelled up and white hot jizz began to spray from the end of his meat, all over Jackie's pussy lips and asshole.

It rained down into my mouth and I licked some of it off Jackie's swollen labia.

As his climax subsided, Pete fell back on the bed spent.

I had not cum yet and my shaft was still as hard as steel, so I moved behind Jackie to fuck her.

I hesitated for a moment transfixed on the mess of cum slowly dripping down her ass crack and was overcome with lust.

I began to massage her asshole with my thumb, lubing her up with Pete's load.

"Fuck my ass!" she hissed.

At her request I rubbed my cock head at her opening and slowly, but non stop buried my thick rod in her ass.

She screamed with pleasure (and probably a little pain) as my extra wide rod pummeled her ass.

This time I was ready. As she came, her sphincter jacked my cock and I couldn't hold out any longer.

I pulled out of her gaping hole, and moved over; kneeling at Pete's face and rubbed my slick pud right above his lips.

My second load of the evening began to spurt out with such force that I shot half way across the room before aiming the rest of my goo at Pete's chin and muscular chest.

I didn't think I would ever stop cumming. I was so turned on by these two hot people.

As my climax subsided, Jackie flopped down on the bed totally spent but Pete on the other hand was to my left jerking his cock. I couldn't resist so I took him in my mouth and sucked him off until he blew his load down my throat.

We all lay back in the afterglow and drifted off to sleep.

I was the first to wake as the warm morning sun broke through my bedroom window.

The covers had been kicked off during the night and there before me was Jackie's compact "built like a brick shithouse" body and Pete's swimmers build, not to mention his 9 inches of morning wood just begging to be sucked.

But alas, I had to go to work and was already late.

I had a quick shower dressed and was out the door.

The day passed quickly and I was looking forward to getting home to my two new lovers, but decided to go to the gym first.

I did a little cardio and some free weights, then hit the showers.

As I stood by my locker toweling off, I noticed a strapping man of about 30 two lockers down getting dressed as well.

Man this guy was huge. Veins all over his massive arms, giant chest and legs like tree trunks.

We made eye contact and we smiled at each other.

"Don't you work at the pub on 3rd?" he inquired.

"Yes, I do. Zurk Quinton"

"Jake Rafferty", he responded. "Nice to meet you."

We exchanged pleasantries as I tried not to stare at his impressive uncut cock.

We agreed to go for a drink, although he had to go back to his office for something so we decided to meet in an hour. I took the opportunity to call home on my cell to see what Jackie and Pete were up to.

Jackie answered and I told her about Jake. She was very happy about the prospect of Jake joining us for a little get together.

Hmmmm....better make that tea for three?