 I slept late on the Saturday, and little wonder after the night with my new Principal, Harry, and his incredibly beautiful. sensuous, sexy and amazingly hungry wife, Megan Lee! and she was the first thing I thought about when I awoke, remembering those fantastic, succulent breasts and that tight, hot pussy, and I was massively erect before I’d completely washed the sleep from my eyes. Even a lengthy period under a progressively colder shower failed to dampen my excitement! 

She had been the most amazing woman I had ever come across! So when just an hour later Harry rang to invite me back that evening for a small, intimate gathering with him, Megan Lee and a couple of others, I had absolutely no hesitation in saying yes. Hell I hated making my own meals at the best of times, although I had become quite skilled in that area since my divorce, so the promised meal itself would have been a sufficient incentive, but add Megan Lee to that equation and wild horses wouldn’t have kept me away!!

Harry hadn’t mentioned who the others would be. So I was completely surprised when I turned up at the appointed hour to discover the student that had thrown herself into the pool the night before, and her mother, sitting at the dining table. Harry introduced the girl as Jennifer Gould ..and she blushed and dropped her eyes from mine .. and the mother as Karen Gould .. and to my surprise, she got up from the table with a smile, walked around and gave me a hug and a small peck on each cheek. Megan Lee gave me a hug too, but her version was to mold her body to mine completely and almost crush me! making sure that I felt her magnificent breasts pressing into me and her hot pussy rubbing over my rapidly expanding cock! but if anyone noticed this incredibly erotic display, no one commented!

The meal was delightful, and during it I was given a potted history of Karen and Jennifer. It seemed that husband and father had departed for parts unknown some 5 years previously, and life had been pretty tough, but with the help and assistance of the wonderful community in this town, they had managed to get back on their feet. Karen was almost glowing by the time the story was told, and even Jennifer seemed to have overcome her initial shyness or discomfort, so it was a fairly happy group that stacked away the dishes, and retired to the lounge room, where Megan Lee put on some soft, but melodic music, and Harry fixed everyone up with one of his curiously multi colored cocktails which he assured everyone did not contain any alcohol. Well, maybe he was telling the truth, but after just a few sips everyone seemed to take on an even more cheerful glow and the conversation sparkled.

Of course my eyes were drawn time and time again to Megan Lee, but I did take some time to look at both Karen and Jennifer. Karen I would guess was about 38 or maybe even 40, but had looked after herself very well indeed. She was slight of build, about 5ft6, had shoulder length black hair, blue eyes, and a more than acceptable figure! Not as large in the breast as Megan Lee, but still very curvy in that area. She had on a short black skirt, a turquoise colored satin blouse that was open to about the third button from the top, giving the occasional view of the slopes of her breasts when she leaned forward to speak to me, and from the outline beneath it, a half bra also. Jennifer on the other hand was almost as blonde as Megan Lee, she was slim like her mother and about 5ft4, had blue eyes and the sort of tight body that only teenagers seem to have, with high, firm breasts that almost dared you not to look at them. She had on a short black skirt too, but a green striped blouse that looked to be made of thin cotton – so thin in fact that it was immediately clear that she wasn’t wearing a bra, as her quite large nipples poked teasingly against the material, making me drool just a little each time she turned my way.

After we’d relaxed and chatted for a while, Harry cleared his throat, and everyone turned to look at him. He smiled, “Well, now we come to the important part of the evening” he said, “David is new here, so he doesn’t know how we like to sort out any problems that might crop up from time to time, so perhaps I’ll explain. Our school prides itself on being a caring family, one that doesn’t look at problem situations as something deserving of punishment, but as an opportunity for all those concerned to come together and balance the ledger, so to speak. Now last night Jennifer had a little too much to drink, ran out and threw herself in the pool, giving David one hell of a shock, causing her mother to be upset, and potentially causing disruption to the host and hostess of the party. So in the way we look at things, the four of us were impacted by Jennifer’s actions, so Jennifer has to be given the opportunity to balance the ledger with all four”

He smiled around at all of us, “I guess in most places, some kind of punishment would be inflicted, like grounding or a withdrawal of pocket money, but we believe this just causes more animosity, so we say only that the ledger must be balance. That any person should have the opportunity to replace any discord they may have caused with an equal measure of pleasure. Now Karen, you have spoken with Jennifer and both of you have agreed that we should proceed along those lines tonight. Correct?”

Karen nodded, smiling, “Yes Harry, I agree and Jennifer understands and agrees too” she said.

“Good” said Harry, “ But we have to be absolutely sure that everyone understands, Karen has attended and participated in this process before, but this will be Jennifer’s first time so we need to make her very comfortable. As I said, there is no punishment here and wherever possible we leave it up to the individual concerned to decide how best to address the re balance that is necessary. We ask only that all the injured parties are balanced according to their measure of discomfort, do you understand that, Jennifer?”

Jennifer nodded, flushing quite deeply, her head a little downcast, “Yes” she whispered.

“And have you decided how you are going to balance the events of last night?” asked Harry.

Again Jennifer nodded, “Yes: she whispered.

I have to admit I was totally intrigued, never having come across anything like this before, I wondered what was going to happen, but I wasn’t left wondering long! Jennifer leaned over and whispered to her mother, who got up and went to the music machine and changed the CD to something with a little more pace and beat in it, then sat back down.

Immediately Jennifer got up and stood in the middle of the room, her eyes closed, swaying slightly, allowing the music to infiltrate her body, then she began to dance. Moving on the spot at first, just allowing her lithe young body to shiver and shake and writhe to the music, she looked very stunning. Then she began to move around the room, stopping briefly in front of each person, twisting and gyrating her body, and we all watched with a great deal of delight. Then she came to a halt in front of me and opened her eyes, and I was stunned by the fire that seemed to leap from them! The music seemed to have intoxicated her more that the drink the previous night! Then she lifted her hands, and to my utter astonishment began to unbutton her blouse!

I’m absolutely certain my jaw dropped to my feet and my eyes popped out on long storks! And as I glanced briefly around at the others, I could see that they were all leaning forward slightly, their eyes fixed on the gyrating Jennifer. Slightly flushed and hot looking, even Karen! My eyes returned to Jennifer, just in time to see the last button pop open, then she leaned forward and placed her hands on the arms of my chair, either sides of my body, and I groaned as her blouse swung wide and her hot young breasts came clearly into view! Her body was still moving to the music, so her high, firm breasts, moved from side to side and jiggled slightly, her large, puffy nipples seeming to swell even more, and I felt my cock trying to burst through my pants!

Then she danced away again, repeating her leaning forward on the chair arms to Harry, who grinned hotly and nodded his appreciation of the view and the pleasure she was giving him. Then she moved on to Megan Lee and finally to Karen, doing the same to them, before moving again to the centre of the room, and lifting her blouse over the top of her head she tossed it aside to dance and writhe topless. God, she was sexy!! 

When the music stopped, I thought that would probably be the end of it, she’d certainly given me more than enough pleasure to cover any discomfort from the previous night, but then a new piece started up, one slower and more sensual, and Jennifer again moved to stand in front of me, gyrating slowly, her arms lifted above her head, thrusting her firm young breasts forward as she arched her back. Then her arms dropped slowly, her hands brushing down the side of her body, then back up to cup her breasts, leaning forward and almost offering them to me. I felt, more than heard the slight groan of lust that came from me as I stared at her magnificent young breasts, then her hands slid once more down over her stomach and sides and hooked into the waist band of her skirt, and as I watched, totally mesmerized, she eased the elasticated waist band down over her hips very slowly and sensually until gravity took control and the skirt dropped into a puddle at her feet.

This time my groan was loud and long as she stepped from the skirt and stood there undulating in front of me in the briefest panties imaginable, damn but she was wild and sexy! Then she twisted away, dancing sensuously over to Harry, giving him a good close up view of her scantily clad body, before turning her back on him and bending right forward, wriggling her almost naked ass in his face. Harry was grinning a tight hot grin, and I could see the bulge growing in his trousers even from where I was! He was every bit as turned on as me! Then on to Megan Lee and Karen, and I was surprised to see the look of lust and desire on both their faces as they stared up at Jennifer. When she finally turned back to me there was a hot look of triumph on her face, she knew damn well that she had every one of us turned on, that she had us eating out of her hand …and she was loving it!

Slowly, sensuously once again she moved over to stand before me, and hooked her fingers in those brief panties and peeled them teasingly slowly downwards .. damn, she fully intended to go the whole way! And I felt myself leaning forward, mouth open, my tongue stroking across it, my throat totally dry, as eager as a teenager seeing his first strip tease, wanted, dying to see the final unveiling. Then her panties dropped to the floor. And she was naked!, completely gloriously naked!, and my cock gave a gigantic leap, almost bursting through my pants as I stared, mesmerized at her stunning, completely hairless pussy. Damn it was an exquisite sculpture that moved as she moved, occasionally allowing a flash of deeper inner pink.

Then once again she was doing the rounds, dancing and posing in front of Harry, Megan Lee and her mother Karen, and all of us were in awe of what we were seeing. Then back to me, and as the music came to an end she lifted her right foot up to the arm of my chair, spreading her knees wide, and dipping slightly, then rotating her ass slowly, oh god, her pussy was wide open! Wide open and juicy wet! And I was staring right into it! And she was grinning at me, her breathing coming in short gasps after her exertions, her eyes bright with excitement, her nipples big, hard and swollen, her pussy deeply pink, undulating constantly before my eyes as if she was fucking my face! and I was on fire. Damn, everybody in the room could see I was on fire. See the bulge of my cock, see the lust on my face and in my eyes, but no one moved, and no one spoke.

Then Harry jumped up and applauded loudly, “Bravo, Bravo!” he called out, “Magnificent, absolutely magnificent, oh yes, Jennifer, you’ve given everyone so much pleasure, that’s definitely balanced the books, don’t you agree everyone?”

Megan Lee was applauding too, as was Karen, so I joined in also, nodding and grinning. Oh yes, Jennifer had certainly pleased me! She was still standing on one leg, her pussy still wide open, and I was still gazing into it, as she looked around and accepted all the applause, her face flushing slightly.

Harry resumed his seat, “Well that’s the balancing part of it done, the incident of last night is now forgotten, and Jennifer is quite free to stop there” he said, “But we like to make people aware at this point that balancing has it’s own natural rewards, so Jennifer can also choose to claim something for herself if she so desires, nothing will be refused her, does everyone understand?” he asked. I must admit, I didn’t, but I remained quiet as both Megan Lee and Karen nodded vigorously, they’d been through this process before. But I was still taken completely by surprise when Jennifer slipped her foot from the arm of my chair and slid onto my lap and thew her arms around my neck! Instinct took over, of course, and my hands slipped immediately around her, one coming to rest on her tight, sexy ass, as she curled herself up on my lap, the other on her high, firm right breast! and she snuggled into me.

Harry nodded and smiled, then turned to the other two. “Of course, parents have to accept some responsibility for the actions of their children, so Karen too has some re balancing to do, don’t you Karen?” he said.

Karen flushed and her eyes dropped momentarily, then she straightened up, “Yes,” she whispered, “And I accept that totally” and she stood up and walked over to Harry and leaned down and gripped his hand, drawing him up into a standing position and leading him into the centre of the room. Once there she slipped her arms around his neck and plastered her body against his and kissed him, deeply and passionately, writhing against him, working on and adding to the arousal that Jennifer had already created. Then she pulled back, and dropped to her knees in front of him and started to undo his trousers. It didn’t take long, and within seconds Harry’s rock hard cock was bobbing and weaving in front of her face and she was lightly stroking it.

I heard the sharp gasp from Jennifer, and felt her writhe a little more on my lap, although I wasn’t sure if this was from the sight of Harry’s naked, aroused cock, or from the sight of her mother stroking it. Megan Lee eased up from her seat and walked around behind Harry and reached around to undo his belt and allow his trousers to fall to the floor, where he stepped out of them. As she lifted his shirt over his head, Karen released his cock and pealed down his underpants, and he stepped out of those too. Harry was now completely naked, and Karen once more grasped his cock lightly and leaned forward, sticking her tongue right out and teasingly running over the very tip of his cock, bringing a groan from Harry and a muffled groan from Jennifer. 

Megan Lee was running her hands all over Harry's back and ass cheeks, caressing and squeezing, but then walked around behind Karen and reached down, taking her beneath the arms and lifting her to her feet. Immediately Harry started to unbutton Karen’s blouse, and I felt Jennifer stiffen , then tremble, and I gently stroked her hard, young breasts. She glanced at me and I could see that her eyes were hot, then she turned again to watch her mother being slowly, and sensually undressed, with many stops along the way for kisses and caresses from both Harry and Megan Lee. It turned out that Karen had magnificent breasts, with hardly a hint of sag, large, though not as large as Megan Lee’s, with deep red nipples that seemed to pulse constantly, getting larger then smaller, even as you looked at them, they totally fascinated me! I glanced quickly at Jennifer to see if they were hereditary, and sure enough, her slightly smaller nipples were pulsing away like crazy! I slipped my hand upwards and lightly caressed one nipple, sending a series of convulsions through her body, and she turned to me and mashed her lips down onto mine in a kiss that was so filled with lust and passion that it practically burned through me.

For the next little while I was totally unaware of anything except this writhing, naked, bundle of horny hormones in my arms, and I stroked her breasts and slid my other hand around from her ass cheeks to rub softly between her legs, as our tongues danced and wrested furiously. She twisted slightly and again lifted one foot onto the arm of the chair, and my finger slid deep into her tight pussy, caressing her clit and causing an outpouring of hot juices as her body bucked and heaved through a small orgasm. Then she pulled her lips from mine, looking at me with flushed face and hot eyes, “Oh god, Oh god, yes” she murmured, as her body gyrated against my probing finger. Then she slumped against me again and turned her head to look at what was happening with her mother.

And what a tableau greeted us! Somewhere in those few moments Megan’s Lee’s clothes had disappeared too, and now she was standing behind Karen rubbing her naked body sensuously against her, reaching around and cupping and caressing Karen’s breasts and nipples. Karen was half twisted around and their lips were together in a deep, passionate kiss.

Meantime, Karen was standing with her legs wide spread and kneeling between them was Harry, his face buried in Karen’s bucking pussy. Jennifer gasped loudly, “Mom, wow. That looks so hot and horny” she whispered, and it did! and Karen looked as if she was thoroughly enjoying it.

Jennifer’s whisper must have registered with Megan Lee, because she pulled back and looked over at us, and a hot grin came onto her face, “Jennifer, you’re slacking” she said, with a grin, “David’s the only one here that’s still dressed, and that’s not fair, is it?, why don’t you bring him over and I’ll help you rectify that”

With a squeal of delight, Jennifer was off my lap and grabbing my cum soaked hand and pulling me to my feet and out into the middle of the room, where I was quickly set upon by both Megan Lee and Karen. Harry stayed on his knees, looking on, laughing softly as he watched my pretend struggle, and my clothes rapidly disappearing.

There was a joint gasp from Jennifer and Karen when eight and a half inches of rampant cock came into sight, and within seconds they were both nuzzling and licking it, while I kissed Megan Lee deeply and passionately. Then Karen moved away, back to Harry, and I heard some urgent whispering and a deep satisfied groan, and when I opened my eyes, it was to see Karen on all fours and Harry plunging his cock deeply into her, and she was bucking and crying out with delight and desire.

Then my attention was elsewhere! Megan Lee had dropped down alongside Jennifer and both of them were stroking and licking my hard cock, and Megan Lee was guiding Jennifer in the subtleties of pleasuring a man’s cock! telling her … and showing her exactly what to do to bring me to the edge, then hold me back for more excitement and more arousal! And Jennifer was a willing and wonderful pupil! And I was practically screaming out for release in no time at all! And Megan Lee could see this, could see that I needed to shoot my load, knew I wanted to be inside one of them when I did it, so she lifted Jennifer’s face from my cock and looked her right in the eyes. “Well, do you think you can take it all? Do you want David’s cock in you?” she whispered.

Jennifer shuddered, and flushed, but her eyes were wide and hot and her voice was very clear when she whispered back, “Oh yes, oh god yes, I want it all, will you … will you help me?”

Megan motioned to me to lie down, and I did so, and she positioned Jennifer astride my upper legs, firstly getting her to rub her pussy lips up and down my thick stem until the juices were literally dripping from her pussy and she was moaning loudly, then she got her to straighten up and ease forward until the head of my cock was lodged just inside the lips of her pussy. “Now you let yourself slide down David’s pole slowly and easily” she whispered, “stop if it feels too tight or uncomfortable, let your pussy adjust, then move on again until you are as full as you want to be. I’ll help you from the front” she said, and moved around, straddling my face and rubbing her gorgeous pussy over my nose and mouth, and I drank in the musky smell of her and the horny taste of her.
