 Thank you for all the on-going feedback from the previous stories in this series. Hope you enjoy this next chapter. 5s and positive feedback are always appreciated. I also like the feedback that helps me improve my writing. I like to think I've improved as the series has progressed. Thank you those that have helped in that regard.

*****

It had been a couple of weeks since Miss Jones had summoned me into her office in order, as I would then find out, to seduce me. She had gotten her wish and I had taken her there and then on her desk and now, just like Emily and Nikki were, she was mine.

The school was broken up for the end of term and Emily and Nikki had both called their parents and told them they'd been given special dispensation to stay on the grounds. Normally, all students are sent home whenever the school is closed for a week or more. This was obviously a lie. I'd instructed the girls to do this as I had a little trip in mind. I'd pooled my money with Miss Jones and we'd rented a lodge in the countryside for us. I didn't expect to be walking by the end of the week.

I'd found it on the internet and it looked stunning. It was one of several just like it surrounded by woodland and separated from each other by half a mile or so to give some semblance of privacy. The lodge itself was luxurious and set back on one side into the woodland which skirts the north side of the nearby town. It even had a hot tub on a deck out back shielded from prying eyes by a wall of conifers on both sides. The nearby town in question was about 3 or 4 miles up the road. It was a former mining town turned tourist spot that also doubled as an ideal place for a secluded getaway.

I zipped my holdall up and headed for the front door down downstairs. I took the stairs two at a time, excited, the same way a kid would be if he was going to Disneyland, only in this case the rides are two eighteen year old nymphos and one 34 year old that gives the two younger girls a run for their money in their capacity to be wonderfully sexual.

I locked the door behind me and threw my bag onto the back seat of my small hatchback. I only needed one bag, I didn't plan on leaving the lodge at all. What sane hetero man would?

I reversed out of my drive and drove the 15 minutes across town to Miss Jones', half of that being the time I spent in school holiday traffic. I pulled up to the drive to see the girls waiting outside already for me in sunshine. Emily was stood there in what amounted to a bikini top and a mini-skirt with some open toed sandals on her feet and if I knew Emily, there wasn't anything on under the skirt. Nikki was a little more conservatively dressed in a flowery summer dress that stopped just above the knee and Miss Jones was somewhere between the two, opting for a t-shirt which was hanging off her high firm breasts and stopped just above her belly button, showing off her flat stomach with a skirt that finished just above her knees. They all looked stunning and had me hard before I'd even undone my seatbelt. I stepped out my car, grabbing my holdall as I did, being sure to eye up all three ladies equally. There was a fair amount of blushing from Nikki and Miss Jones under my lecherous gaze but Emily merely smiled knowingly, as if she knew what was going in my head. I was pretty sure she did.

I helped the ladies with their bags as we all clambered into Miss Jones' slightly roomier 4x4. I climbed into the passenger seat before I changed my mind and carefully levered myself into the back seat between Emily and Nikki. There was no way I was going to miss out on being the filling between that sandwich. Both girls immediately started running their hands over my body and nuzzling and kissing my neck. I could see Miss Jones' watching us in the rear view mirror, her right hand apparently under her t-shirt clawing at her tit. I put my head back and felt my cock grow longer in my shorts. Thankfully we hadn't left the drive at this point so we weren't at risk of crashing and the windows on Miss Jones' 4x4 were all tinted.

I turned to Emily on my left and she instinctively went to kiss me, her lips parting in invitation as our tongues began their familiar dance. Unseen hands worked at the fastenings on my shorts and I raised my hips so they could be slid down my legs out of the way and a mouth immediately latched onto my quickly hardening member, Nikki's tongue and mouth causing it to swell in her hand. Emily looked down and, satisfied that I was hard enough, broke our kiss and deftly swung her leg across me and lifted her mini skirt to reveal that she was in fact going commando before slowly impaling herself on my thick shaft, her hot wet cunt like a vice, squeezing every inch as she went down.

I caught Miss Jones' eye in the rear view mirror as she drank in the sight in the back seat, her fingers apparently see sawing out of her snatch, her panties around her ankles and her other hand mauling her tit like it wasn't attached, her mouth open in ecstasy.

I untied Emily's bikini top and threw it into the footwell, my hands automatically seeking out her nipples. She started to grind on my cock at this point, her juices slowly lubricating my shaft.

It was Emily that broke the silence. "Oh sir, I'm so wet for you." She whispered huskily. I could only smile in response as her pace quickened. My right hand came down hard on her buttock eliciting a squeal of delight as her pace quickened further.

I looked to my right and saw that Nikki had also pulled her underwear down to her ankles and was masturbating furiously as she watched her best friend ride my cock with slow determined purpose. I could feel Emily's orgasm approaching by the clenching of her stomach muscles and the way her breathing was starting to rasp. I lifted her off causing her to squeal in surprise.

Before she could react I span her round and placed her between the two front seats, deftly slipping my cock back inside her. The height of the vehicle didn't allow me to stand up fully so I was hunched over her, my hands on my hips as I started to pound into her from behind, her hands on the headrests of the two front seats stopping her from falling face first into the centre console. Miss Jones took advantage of the new position by pulling Emily in for a long kiss, Emily moaning through each thrust the whole time. It was at that point I heard Nikki climax behind me, her fingers now drawing circles round her clit as she came down from her orgasm before sucking her fingers clean. 

Emily broke off the kiss with Miss Jones as her own orgasm approached, her knuckles turning white as her fingers tried to tear the headrests from the seats. I thrust into her a couple of more times and her legs buckled as her orgasm tore through her. Her hands on the headrests kept her from falling forward. Miss Jones followed shortly after, screaming out loud as she sagged back into the driver's seat. I fell back into the back seat and Nikki dived onto my still hard cock, her mouth and hands quickly bringing me to a satisfying climax, her head staying in place as swallowed my cum, all the smiling like the cat that got the cream.

I pulled Nikki back into her seat and she replaced her now crumpled bikini top, grinning all the while.

"Now we've got that out the way Miss Jones, shall we head to the cabin?" I suggested, smiling.

Miss Jones finished sorting her clothing out, put a few stray strands of her hair back in place before replying. "Certainly. Do you want me to take the motorway or the back roads?"

"Back roads are fine. I'm not in any rush." I replied, my arms sliding behind the two girls either side of me.

It was going to be a great week.