 Grace could never bring herself to pity anyone, but her heart hurt for Ben. She knew he was miserable, but she couldn't do anything about it. The only thing she could do was offer up her friendship and support, and the best sex of his life. She hoped that was good enough for him.

She tried to listen to his lecture, the continuing creative-writing projects the class was working on. She did her best to focus. But she couldn't. She was torn, halfway daydreaming about him and what she would like to do to him after class, and halfway wishing there was some way she could help Ben deal with the situation she had put him in. Not that he wasn't miserable before she hooked up with him, but she was sure her new presence in his life only made it more complicated. He always seemed happy with her, though, so maybe that was a good sign. Right?

She looked at the clock. Fifteen more minutes till class dismissal. She should tell him about Sydney's willingness to play with the two of them. But would he be in the mood to talk after his conversation with Monica this afternoon? Would he be in the mood for anything? He had seemed so withdrawn, so sad earlier. And what was it about the comment she made about his son's drawing on the wall – that he should make it into a mural -- that made his face go so soft, almost heartbroken?

"You're going to make a hell of a mother someday." His words came back to her. What the hell did that mean? She'd never even thought about having kids. Sure, it would be nice, but she was too young, too busy being selfish as young people are. She didn't know how to raise kids. 

Jesus! There was too much to think about. She let her head fall, hitting the desktop with a loud clunk.

"Miss Crawford?" Ben's voice called.

Shit. She shot up, sitting bolt upright. "Yes, sir."

"I've never known you to fall asleep during one of my lectures. Am I not entertaining enough today?"

A chorus of giggles and jeers echoed through the room. Grace sent a scowl to her classmates before replying, "Entertaining enough, Professor. Maybe a little too much, because my head suddenly got too full of vital information, grew too heavy for me to hold it up, and fell right down on top of my desk."

The giggles increased. Ben, hiding a smirk, said, "Is that so. How is it that you are now able to hold your head up again?"

"Osmosis, Sir," Grace replied, not missing a beat. "The information leaked out of my head and onto my notebook, dramatically decreasing the weight of my head."

Her classmates were now divided – some howling with laughter, some looking nervously from Ben to Grace and back, expecting him to punish her in some horrible way.

"Osmosis," Ben repeated. "Where did you learn about osmosis?"

"In my Chemistry class, Sir."

She could see the change in Ben's face if no one else could, and he turned back toward the blackboard before anyone could see his smile. His voice bounced off the blackboard as he said, "Well, Miss Crawford, let's try to stick to more conventional methods of note-taking from now on, shall we?"

"Yes, Sir." She was desperately trying not to laugh as she was surrounded by still more chuckles and giggles. He had caught her little "inside joke", and she wanted to burst into peals of laughter. She held it in, though, and Ben called for the class to quiet down, as they only had ten more minutes left, and he still wanted to cover creative description.

When it was finally time to dismiss, and Ben was rattling off the details of their essay assignment, Grace began to gather up her things as usual. When she stood up, he called out, "Miss Crawford, I'd like to see you, please."

A chorus of ominous "Ooohhhhs" erupted from the remaining members of the class as they drifted out. She could hear laughing comments about how much trouble she was in now. She chuckled to herself as she approached Ben's desk at the front of the room.

He waited until they were alone before he spoke. "Sorry about that," he said. 

"It's cool," she said smiling. "As long as I'm in trouble, I'm not fucking you, right?"

He laughed. "Yeah, that was kind of my line of thinking, too."

She sat on the edge of his desk. "So are you okay? You know, after talking to Monica and everything. You just seemed kind of...out there, I guess."

He made a dismissive gesture. "I deal with her bullshit every day, hon. If I let it get it me, I'd have a gun in my mouth inside a week." He shrugged. "I guess I'm used to it."

She frowned. "That's so sad. I hate that you have to live like that."

He smiled sadly. "Me too." He began re-organizing his desk. "You know what else I hate?"

"What's that?"

"This essay assignment. You wouldn't believe the kind of shit some of your classmates turn in to me. I think they think they're still in high school."

She chuckled. "I believe that. You like mine, though, right?" she said winking.

"Actually, I do. When you turn them in on time." He raised his eyebrow at her.

"Maybe if I had a little incentive," she teased.

He looked up, checking the door. Everyone was gone, and luckily, the last student had closed the door after leaving. "Let's go to my office."

Her heart jumped as she hopped off the desk, following him to his office. Much as she wanted him, she hadn't truly expected anything today. 

Boy, was she wrong. No sooner had the door closed behind him than he had grabbed her up, holding her gently by the face as he kissed her deeply. She wrapped her arms around his neck, burying her fingers in his hair, returning his kiss with equal passion, her heart pounding against him. 'Take me, fuck me, own me, I'm yours...'

He broke the kiss, working down her neck with little nibbles. "This shirt is cute," he whispered.

"You think so?" she replied breathlessly.

"I know a way we can make it even cuter," he said.

"How's that?"

He grabbed the hem of the shirt roughly and yanked it over her head, flinging it onto the floor. "Much better," he said, seizing her again and squeezing her breasts through her thin lacy bra.

"Mmmm," she moaned. "But what do you think of the pants?"

"I like the skirts better," he growled, pulling the snap of her pants apart. She wiggled out of them and kicked off her flip-flops, standing before him in her bra and panties. 

"Your turn," she said furtively. She grabbed him by his tie and pulled him close to her again, yanking the knot of his tie down and pulling the loop over his head. They unbuttoned his shirt together, and as he took it off, he stepped toward her, pushing her toward the little sofa. She took steps backwards until the sofa caught her at the back of her knees, forcing her to sit, and bringing her at eye-level with Ben's crotch. She attacked his belt and undid his fastenings as he peeled off his wife beater. 

She pushed his pants and boxers down in one smooth gesture, and was prepared to take the full length of his already-hard cock down her throat, when he dropped to his knees in front of her, renewing his assault on her neck and mouth.

"All I have to do is look at you," he said between kisses, "and I forget about everything but this body, how much I want you, how much I –" He froze.

She felt a chill go through her veins. "How much you what?" she whispered.

He remained silent, looking up at her, his eyes wide. "I...I can't say it, Grace," he said, his voice barely audible. 

She pulled him closer and kissed him. "Don't say it. Just feel it."

"I do," he whispered against her lips. "I really do." He kissed her again, deeply, as he reached around to unhook her bra. He tossed it aside, snatching her up in his arms again, crushing her to him, planting kisses randomly across her neck, breasts, stomach. "That perfume is incredible," he said a little offhandedly.

She giggled. "Thanks. It's Treselle."

"Never heard of it."

"Avon," she said, before letting out a sudden gasp as his mouth closed over her nipple. "Jesus," she panted. She hadn't realized how much her body had been aching for him, even after the proficient pounding Sydney had given her only yesterday. But she wasn't thinking of Sydney now. It was Ben who had her, Ben who held her; it was Ben who was stealing her heart away from her. She buried her fingers in his hair and nuzzled his forehead with her nose, kissing his cheekbones, as he continued his oral ministrations on her breasts. At the same time, his arms closed even more tightly around her.

"God," he whispered around her nipple, "I just...I can't hold you tight enough..." He kissed his way back up her neck, his lips hovering just over hers. "I can't get you close enough to me."

She let her lips play against his for a moment, before opening them and taking him in a deep kiss. She wrapped her arms tightly around his neck, while fastening her legs around his waist, drawing him in even closer. It was all she could do – those three words, those scary, menacing, daunting words lingered just on the tip of her tongue, and if she didn't keep it busy, they would fly right out. 

He must have been reading her mind, or thinking the exact same thing, because he broke the kiss, looking her dead in the eye, and said, "Grace, it's happening. I didn't want it to happen, I tried not to let it happen, but it's too late, Grace, I can't stop it...I don't want to stop it, I want it, I want it to happen, and I'm falling in – "

"Don't," she interrupted. "Please, Ben, don't say it yet. I don't know how to handle it yet, and the whole thing is just...It's so complicated, honey, I can't...I can't handle it now."

She watched his face fall slowly. He'd wanted so badly to say it, she knew – probably, he wanted even more to hear it. He'd probably heard it only from his mother since he'd been married. Suddenly she felt like a coldhearted bitch, turning him away at the door and sending him out into the rain. Fuck, NOW what?

He was still and silent. She had to comfort him somehow. "Please, Ben," she whispered, "please try to understand. The only reason I've kept quiet so far is because if I say anything, those words will fly right out of my mouth, please, you've got to believe me," she begged, taking his face gently in her hands. "I'm just as scared as you are."

That must have been what he needed to hear, because a slow, mournful smile spread across his face. "We'll figure it out, babe," he said. "We'll figure something out."

"And we'll do it together," she replied, closing in on him and renewing the kiss. As their tongues wrestled against each other, his passion was renewed, and they grabbed and pawed and nibbled at each other almost blindly, until Ben made his way further down her body, whispering, "Just let me worship you for a while."

She wondered what he meant until his mouth closed over her pussy, and she let out a long, deep moan. Burying her fingers in his hair again, and pulling him closer in, she kept her eyes locked on his as his tongue slowly circled her hardened clit. Down further he went, dipping in and out of her, trailing to her puckered asshole, back up to her clit. He outlined the puffy pink lips, sucking a little on each of them, while his hands explored her body, running over her thighs, her stomach, and finally settling on her breasts, massaging them gently. Steadily he sucked on her clit as she opened herself wider for him, caressing his face tenderly between sighs and moans. 

She threw back her head as his tongue worked slowly over every part of her sex, her breaths quickening, her body ripening. But it wasn't enough, she had to have more. She was dying to be full of him, and she gasped, "Ben, that feels wonderful, but..."

He pulled back from her, only a little. "Tell me what you want."

"I want you inside me," she whispered, her heart jumping a little.

He kissed his way back up to her neck, his cock now aligned with her entrance. She gasped as the tip prodded against her, and his lips met hers in another deep kiss. Her hips arched almost involuntarily, begging for his cock. He took the hint, pushing himself slowly into her dripping wet pussy, never breaking the kiss.

They moaned in unison against each other's mouths. Grace didn't dare speak, lest those words should come roaring out of her, though they pounded in her brain in time with Ben's rhythm, in time with the beating of their hearts: 'I love you, I love you, I love you....' Her legs wrapped themselves around his waist, pulling him deeper into her.

He began with a slow pace, steadily pushing into her, until the desire took him over, and he pulled back from her, tossing both her legs over one shoulder, and locking his arms around her thighs as he doubled the force of his thrusts. The sudden change of angles took her by surprise, and she cried out in ecstasy, her own orgasm already approaching. She held it off as long as she could against his potent momentum, until finally she looked up at him, letting him know without words that she was close.

"Let it go," he grunted. "I'm waiting for you, I want to cum with you."

"Keep going, I'm almost there," she whispered.

He sped up just a little, watching her intently. Her body froze, and she cried, "There it is, Ben, give it up – now!" Her orgasm rocked through her, paralyzing, electric. Immediately, as her muscles clamped down on his cock, Ben's hold on his own orgasm released, and with a loud groan he emptied himself into her, their cries mingling together, echoing through the little office.

He collapsed on top of her, breathless, kissing her again and nuzzling against her. Her arms enveloped him, returning his kisses. She felt weightless, washed over with the intensity of his passion for her. She could feel the endorphins running through her blood, her pulse beating against the whole surface of her skin, his heart pounding against her. 

Too much. Too much, but not enough.

"Oh, God..." she whispered.

"Just tell me," he said softly.

"I can't, Ben," she replied, her eyes filling with tears. "I can't, not yet..."

"It's okay." He kissed her forehead. "I'll wait for you."

"You're too good, Ben. Too good to be true."

"I don't know about that. I'm human, too, you know."

She stared at him. "Could we maybe...change the subject now?"

"I'm sorry, baby. Sure, we can change it. Let me...Oh, shit," he said, suddenly laughing.

"What is it?"

He chuckled. "I'm still hard, and you've clamped down on me. You're going to have to help me disengage."

She giggled. "I didn't know I clamped that hard."

"Why do you think I can't hold back an orgasm when you cum? You're tight as a little drum. Now hold still..." He pulled back as far as he could, a good half of his cock still stuck in her. "Okay, now try to scoot back." 

She did as she was told, trying to relax her muscles. His cock was finally released with a small popping sound, bouncing up and slapping against his stomach.

Grace sniggered. "That was funny."

He sat on the couch next to her, opening his arms to her. She fell against him and their arms wrapped around each other tightly. "So, what do you want to talk about?" he asked.

"I don't know." She grinned. 

He chuckled. "Ooh, I've got one. Did you talk to Sydney about our idea?"

"Oh, yeah!" she cried. She hadn't even thought about Sydney since she walked into class. "Yes, I did, actually."

"And how did he take it?"

"Believe it or not, he's interested. We didn't make any definite plans, because I told him I would talk to you again, but yeah, he is interested."

"Very intriguing," he mused. "You realize, of course, that if we do this, it'll have to be off campus grounds."

"Oh, of course," she replied. "I was thinking maybe we'd take him to a hotel? Less risky for everybody, I think."

"We'd have to arrive all at different times," he said, pondering.

"You know what, fuck this, why don't we call him and we can all coordinate?"

"Hey, good idea," he agreed.

She kissed him one more time and hopped up, going to the desk phone. She dialed the extension to Sydney's office, being fairly certain he would be there. After a couple of rings, it picked up. "Dr. Hargrove's office," the voice greeted.

"Hi, Sydney, it's Grace," she said with a smile.

"Well! Isn't this a surprise! How are you?"

"I'm fine, I'm here with Ben and we were talking about...what you and I talked about the other day."

"Oh, really," he said, his interest audibly perking. "And what did you decide?"

"We'd like to meet you on neutral territory to carry out our plans," she said, winking at Ben.

"Just tell me where to be."

"Let me get a room reserved and I'll call you back and give you the info. Okay?"

"Works for me. Will I see you tonight, then?" he asked.

"If I have it my way, we'll all see each other." She giggled.

***********************

"Room 215. Got it?...Yeah, I'm on my way there right now...Okay, we'll see you soon. Later." Grace snapped her flip-phone shut and grinned at Ben. "He's on his way."

"Perfect. Let's go ahead and get up to the room, then," he replied. 

"You go first. I don't want to run the risk of anyone seeing us together. That's the last thing anybody needs right now."

He smiled at her. "Good thinking." With a swift kiss on the cheek, he left for the outside staircase.

It's not a bad little hotel, Grace thought to herself, surveying the area. It was kind of like one of those travel lodges in Florida that her mom used to take her to. Minus the palm trees and little lizards everywhere. Oh, if only Mother could see her now, she giggled to herself. Waiting at one of those hotels, for two of her college professors to systematically fuck her brains out – wouldn't Mom be proud?

She figured enough time had passed, and she went up the little outside staircase, found the room, and slipped inside.

Ben was sitting on the bed, the phone to his ear. "Yeah, she just came in," he was saying. "Come on up. Okay. Bye." He plunked down the receiver and smiled at Grace. "That was Sydney," he said. "He just pulled up."

"Oh boy," she said shakily, falling on top of the bed.

Ben laughed at her. "Is my little instigator getting nervous?" he teased.

"Yes, sir," she replied. "I've never done this before. Thought about it, but..."

"I know. Me either. But something tells me we'll be just fine."

There was a knock at the door. Grace's heart leapt into her throat. 

Ben called, "Come in!"

The door creaked open, and Sydney's face peered in. "Hello," he said. He looked as nervous as Grace felt.

"Hey there," Ben said, "come on in."

Sydney stepped in, shutting the door behind him. "Hi, Grace," he said quietly.

"Don't look so scared, Sydney, you're making me nervous," she teased, patting the bed beside her.

He sat down next to her. "Aren't you guys scared?" he asked.

"Sure we are," Ben replied. "But, I've brought along a few things that may ease the tension a little bit." He rose and made his way toward the little refrigerator, and produced two beers from it, tossing one to Sydney.

"Excellent," Sydney said, popping the can open. "This will certainly help a little, thank you." He downed half the can in one gulp.

"No problem. I've also brought..." He went this time to his overnight bag, from which he pulled something very small. With a mischievous grin, he tossed this item onto the bed as well. Grace and Sydney giggled when they realized that the item was a pair of Sex Dice. "Ta-da!" Ben cried.

"Woo-hoo," Grace said, picking up one of the dice. There were commands on each of the sides, things like "Lick", "Suck", "Eat", "Tease", "Kiss", and "Grope". Sydney held the other die, examining the list of body parts on each side: "Breast", "Nipple", "Above Waist", "Below Waist", "Lips", and a simple "?" on one side.

"This should be very interesting," Sydney said.

"You want to play the game, then?" Ben asked.

"Sure!" Grace and Sydney agreed.

"Okay, here's how you play." He produced an empty beer bottle. "You've played Spin the Bottle, right?"
