 Thank you for all the on-going feedback from the previous stories in this series. Hope you enjoy this next chapter. 5s and positive feedback are always appreciated. I also like the feedback that helps me improve my writing. I like to think I've improved as the series has progressed. Thank you those that have helped in that regard.

*****

We arrived after four hours (and several roadside stops) all feeling rather tired and looking decidedly dishevelled. We pulled up the driveway and all clambered out, the girls first having to adjust the clothing in case anyone went by.

I grabbed the heaviest of the bags and went to use the front door key which I'd received in the post a couple of days before. The second we were through the door, the girls disappeared upstairs to "freshen up" and mentioned they had a "surprise" for me and that I should stay downstairs. I was curious but obeyed.

I used the time to pack away the groceries (which were mainly booze) and poured myself a drink. I explored a bit, noticed the old school wooden fireplace and importantly, the big screen TV both in the front room. Two large couches, leather (thankfully) as I could already picture what would happen on the couches if I knew the girls as well as I did.

I ventured out back to inspect the hot tub, tested it and watched the steam and bubbles rise from the inviting water. I looked up to one of the upper windows where a light was on and the curtains were open to see Nikki and Emily prancing about topless in front of the window. It was at that moment, the security light decided to flick on and light me up like a Christmas tree. They looked down, spotting me straight away. Emily leaned into Nikki and apparently suggested something which Nikki nodded to before locking lips with her friend. I was just starting to enjoy the show when Emily wagged her finger at me and then closed the curtains. She'd pay for that later.

I strolled back inside, the cool night air prickling the hairs on my arms. I slid back inside and flopped down on the couch to wait the reappearance of the girls. I didn't have to wait long.

The girls trouped down the stairs, their clothing apparently forgotten, the only stitches of clothing they were wearing were the 3 most provocative sets of lingerie I'd seen in my life. It was like a Victoria's Secret fashion show where I'm the only audience member and I get to party with the models afterwards.

I had time to admire the obviously very expensive collection on display, Miss Jones' was a red and black set, all sultry elegance, the panties were a thong, the high waist line accentuating her long legs and tight arse. Emily's set left much less to the imagination, the bra barely concealing her large firm breasts nearly spilling out of it, the dark purple material trimmed highlighted with intricate black swirls, the French knickers sculpting her buttocks. Nikki's set was exactly the opposite to Emily's which was so much like her, her set were pink and white with a frilly trim and a matching pair of brief panties, only highlighting her comparative innocence. 

Miss Jones moved to the CD player on a nearby shelf and plugged in her iPod. Nikki and Emily snuggled into next me, their hot flesh pressing against me, spiking my own temperature and causing my already painful erection to throb even more. Their hands wandering all over me, their lips against my neck, kissing and nuzzling. I heard music start and looked up from the girl's ministrations and saw Miss Jones begin to dance to the music. I can't even remember what the music was, the way her body moved and seemed to flow with the beat was hypnotic. She approached the couch, her hips still swaying to the beat and it was that moment I remembered a conversation I'd had with Miss Jones over lunch one afternoon, before any of this happened. She'd asked me why men found strippers so alluring and I'd replied with something about finding it frustrating being able to look and not touch. 

Working together Emily and Nikki quickly unbuttoned my jeans, Miss Jones then grabbed the bottom of both legs and yanked, the leather material of the couch allowing them to slide from under with very little resistance. Then I felt the girls' legs lock around my arms, pinning them by my side.

I chuckled. "My turn to be the one restrained?" Emily nodded, a twinkle in her eye. This was definitely her idea.

I turned back to Miss Jones who had resumed her Jamie Lee Curtis in True Lies worthy striptease (minus the four poster bed), my cock now at least free of my jeans but I got the impression it would be a while before it got to go anywhere else.

Nikki and Emily were running their hands all over my body, studiously avoiding the one part of me I wanted touching. Miss Jones turned her glorious arse toward me, her cheeks split by a thong and lowered it onto my crotch, her ass grinding in my lap like she'd worked in a lapdance club for years. Needless to say, her grinding was doing little to lessen my hardon. 

She deftly unclipped her bra, slinging it across the room and spinning to face me, sliding her left arm across her glorious tits as she did. She slowly stepped towards me, her arm slowly inching off her chest. She reached me and began carefully straddling me, her arm dropped from her chest as her tits reached face, she grabbed the back of my head dragged it into her cleavage and it was at this point, I decided I'd had enough of no touching.

I forcefully removed my arms from between the legs of the girls on either side of me, shrugging off their attempts to re-secure me. My right arm wrapped around Miss Jones' back, pinning her against me, my left found the back of her head, forcing her lips onto mine and felt her moan her approval. I felt Emily and Nikki moving and looked to my right to see Emily removing her bra with one hand, her other hand in her panties, her fingers plunging in and out of her cunt as she watched me and Miss Jones groping each other.

I whispered something in Nikki's ear and she quietly slipped upstairs. I used the space on the couch to slide out from under Miss Jones, keeping her in place with my hands as I move around her. Emily reappeared with what we referred to as "the punishment collar". Emily was the only one who ever had to wear it. I let her see it and motioned for her to climb off the couch. She stood in front of me, her glorious tits on full display but I knew there'd be time for that later. Emily obediently held out her wrists and let me handcuff her wrists before bowing her head so I could fit the collar part of it around the neck. Once the collar was secured, I clipped the handcuffs to it behind her neck, pinning her hands behind her and preventing her from playing with herself while I screwed Miss Jones' and Nikki's brains out. I let her to the couch and sat her down facing the middle of the couch. I then turned Miss Jones so she was facing Emily so she could see every face Miss Jones made as I nailed her.

Nikki went and slid herself in behind Emily, her hands already idly exploring Emily's exposed flesh, carefully avoiding anything even remotely erogenous, much to Emily's evident frustration.

I climbed onto the couch behind Miss Jones, my left hand sliding her panties off her legs as I extracted my cock from my boxers and lined it up with Miss Jones' already soaking slit. I inched slowly forward, seeing the probable look of lust reflected in Emily's face as she watched Miss Jones get what she was desperate for.

"This is what happens when you tease me Emily." I stated, matter of factly.

"What's that sir?" She asked, not understanding me.

"You have to watch everyone else get fucked first. Isn't that right..." I paused as I thrust the last couple of inches into Miss Jones in one go "... Miss Jones?" 

"Yes Mr Burton sir" She moaned in response, her voice hoarse from the bliss of my cock filling her up.

I grabbed Miss Jones' hips and began to thrust into her. I heard Nikki moan and noticed that Emily must have gotten her fingers into Nikki without her noticing. Nikki was still maintaining the teasing she visiting on Emily but it was becoming increasingly erratic. I make eye contact with Emily and see a Cheshire cat worthy grin plastered there. I increase my thrusting into Miss Jones, causing her moaning to increase in volume. Nikki's moaning got louder shortly after as Emily had apparently increased her own pace as well. The game was on.

I could feel Miss Jones' pussy starting to twitch and contract as her orgasm neared but I could also hear that Nikki's orgasm would hit her shortly. I thought quickly, sucked my thumb and slid it into Miss Jones' arse. The sudden violation combined with my thrusting sent her crashing over the edge and I was suddenly very glad this place was in the middle of nowhere because if not Miss Jones' screams would have woken up people 4 houses away.

I grinned at Emily, she stared back defiantly. "You lost Emily. Now it's time for a new punishment."

I grabbed her round the waist and pulled her off the couch and away from an apparently post orgasm Nikki. I carried her upstairs to the master bedroom and paused briefly to admire the giant four post bed that was in there. I threw her over the end of the bed, her feet on the floor off the end. By now Nikki and Miss Jones were in the door way, both decidedly dishevelled but still stunning in my eyes. 

I gave a pre-arranged signal to Nikki and Miss Jones and they went about following the instruction. I climbed onto the bed and moved to straddle Emily's head. She looked up at me and I grabbed my cock, guiding it towards her mouth which she opened without complaint. I savoured Emily blowing long enough for the other two girls to get in position. At my signal, they grabbed Emily's ankles and quickly secured them to the base of the bed posts on either side. I removed my cock from Emily's vicinity and withdrew behind her.

"Sir, what are you doing? She asked pleadingly. "You don't need to tie me to take my like this sir, you know I'm your obedient little slut. You know how much I love your cock." 

"You're not obedient Emily. But you will be." I replied, using my teacher voice. "We just need to train you up a little bit."

Miss Jones appeared with a tube of lubricant and began covering my cock in it. "Why can I smell lube? Emily asked hesitantly.

I slid up behind her, bringing my hand down on her right arse cheek hard. "Obedient little sluts don't ask so many questions Miss Moore."

She went silent. I lined my well lubricated cock up with her arsehole. As soon as she felt where I was headed, she began pleading again but I knew she wasn't serious. She'd begged me to take her arse. She'd also asked it to be a punishment. She was just playing upto to the role.

Miss Moore had a long night ahead of her.