 Niko followed Kate outside as she repeatedly dialed Sydney's number, cursing under her breath. Sydney had been known to stir the pot a bit, but leaving with an anonymous stranger in a bar hadn't previously made the cut. Kate vowed to never get married if it meant that, upon divorce, she would turn into a raging whore. 

"Do you by chance have a cigarette?" Kate asked Niko. She had stopped three months ago, but her buzz and her current irritation was the perfect recipe for a relapse.

"You don't need a cigarette. You're already smokin." Niko chuckled at his own lameness and Kate burst into laughter. 

"We need to get you some new lines, hun. Cute, but a bit dorky." She took another look into his eyes, remembering the way they would follow her across the classroom, or how they would unapologetically stare at her legs when she sat on the edge of the desk. Kate didn't know if it was the alcohol, but her body began to burn in the brisk night air. 

"There's Zack." A white Hummer with black tinted windows pulled alongside them. Zachary jumped out and jogged around, swiftly opening the passenger door.

"Were you able to reach your friend?" Zack asked as he watched her toned thigh lift onto the truck's ledge. He studied the roundness of her ass and how it jiggled a bit when she propped herself into the seat. He could have dug his face in right there, if not for the valet who had the look of curious envy on his face. 

"No, I doubt I'll hear from her tonight. I'm sure she's too busy with her legs pushed back." Kate was surprised at her own brashness and momentarily felt embarrassed to be speaking like a slut in front of them. 

"Guys, I really appreciate you taking me home. I know you didn't have the intentions on babysitting your former teacher tonight. I owe you." Zachary leered seductively.

"I'm sure we can work something out." Kate glanced at Niko, then at Zachary, both of them with seeming confidence of something, like this had all been carefully planned. She would be lying to herself if she attempted to hide her own anticipation. A year of being slowly teased and fucked with their stares left a burning within her that only subsided when they graduated. And now, here in Zachary's white Hummer, they were up to their old tricks.

"You know...I just have to say now that I always thought both of you were extremely attractive. Actually, you're hot as fuck. I'd be lying if I said I hadn't caught myself in a daydream here and there." Kate subconsciously pulled at her skirt as if she wanted to yank it off right there. 

"Both of us would be lying if we said we're not going to make you cum harder than you've ever cum before." A look of lustful surprise filled her face and a quiet gasp escaped Kate's lips as she felt her body release its warm juice between her legs. 

"Did that make you wet, Ms. Sherman?" Niko asked, sliding forward, letting his lips graze her neck. He nibbled her neck softly, sending rushes of ecstasy to every inch of her body. She grabbed his head as he trailed long strokes with his tongue from the curve of her jaw down to her collarbone. She was dripping wet. Zachary sensed the aroma of her juices and slid his hand under her skirt, pulling her sticky panties to the side. He massaged her clit, and his fingers slid across her pussy with ease. She moaned and arched her back and Niko yanked her shirt over her breast, flicking and gently biting her dark nipple. Zachary felt her pussy began to swell and he knew she was close to cumming. He slid his hand from her pussy, allowing it to calm and Niko kissed her deeply.

"So this is what Ms. Sherman's pussy tastes like..." Zachary said, slowly licking her juices from his fingers. Niko slid his hand quickly past her panties to sample.

"It tastes like candy." Niko said, kissing her lips again. The taste of her pussy on his lips almost made her cum right there. Kate's head was spinning and her body throbbed for their touch again. She grabbed Zachary's hand and he smiled, pulling her hand to his mouth, kissing it.

"Don't worry, Ms. Sherman. Your pussy is going to squirt all over our faces soon enough." He patted her swollen lips lightly as if her pussy was an obedient dog. "Let her rest a moment. She's going to need it for what we are about to do it her." A knock on the window interrupted their depravity. 

"You can't stay parked like this." The valet said, obviously knowing what was going on behind the tinted windows. Niko rolled the back window down and motioned for the valet. When he approached, Niko smiled then slipped him a $20 bill quickly sliding his middle finger which smelled of Kate's sweet cunt juice under his nose. The valet's eyes widened and Zachary sped toward the highway.

It took Zachary less then fifteen minutes to get to Kate's two bedroom Condo on the east side of town. As they walked to the front door, anyone observing would not readily gain knowledge of their plans once inside. Zachary and Niko were sure to be discreet as possible. They did not want this to be a one-time deal ruined by indiscretion. However, it all changed once Kate locked the door behind them. Zachary pinned her against the wall, his breath heavy and desperate. He took a long inhale from her breasts to her face.

"You don't know how long I've waited for this." Zachary threw Kate's hands above her and kissed her deeply. He was a thoroughly tempting kisser. His tongue sent shivers through her and she moaned, staggering a bit against him. Zachary picked her up and carried her to the bedroom. Niko followed behind them, unbuttoning his shirt and tossing it on the ledge above. By the time they made it to Kate's room filled with hues of reds and pinks, Niko was completely naked, his cock already fully engorged. Kate felt twinges of fear as Zachary sent trails of wet kisses down her neck to her hardened nipples.

"Wait." Kate pleaded softly but not really wanting it to stop. Zachary stopped, his head rising slowly.

"Please don't deny us again, Ms. Sherman. We've waited patiently for you." His piercing eyes pleaded decadently , something she had not quite experienced from any man before. She couldn't refrain any longer. She forced her tongue into his waiting mouth. As they kissed passionately, Zachary slowly laid her on the bed and fell to his knees. Niko walked over, his chiseled body looking beautiful in the dim light.

An orgasmic moan escaped her lips as Zachary buried his tongue into her hot pussy. He let out a loud growl as Kates juices flowed.

"Ms. Sherman, you just dont know." He said in between wet, long licks. Niko wrestled wildly with her shirt and when it was over her head he took her nipple into his mouth and massaged it thoroughly. His tongue moved from her neck to her mouth to her breasts while Zachary licked and flicked her swollen slit with perfection. Kate couldn't talk or moan. She bucked wildly at his mouth as if controlled by an unseen master. Her pussy glided across his lips and tongue. He spread her glistening lips, sliding two fingers inside her. Her could feel her heartbeat on his tongue as he slowly licked her. His fingers fucked her with aggressive authority. She tightened around him, her knees now pushed toward the bed. 

"My turn." Niko said and before Zachary could move, he dove his head to her pussy, forcing Zachary to her sweet ass. Niko was grateful for Zachary's hard work. When his tongue touched her clit, it was a hot throbbing vessel of lust. He sucked her clit, then flicked, making circles around her puffy wet lips. Niko was sure her neighbors knew their secret when Kate let out long, high-pitched screams as she splashed her sweet nectar in his mouth. While she still shook violently, Niko picked her up, sitting her slimy hole on his aching cock. He fucked her against the wall while Zachary licked and sucked her feet. Niko grunted with each stroke and his muscles flexed as his cum made its way up his shaft. He wouldn't give in to it. Now that he had his beautiful and intoxicating Ms. Sherman squirming on his thick dick, he wouldn't ruin it by a quick nut. He felt her pussy tighten around him and he fucked her harder.

"Cum on my dick." Niko purred in her hears between strokes. 

"Oh, God!" Kate moaned as her pussy throbbed for him, her lust oozing down his shaft. 

"My turn." Zachary pulled her off of Niko dick and laid her the bed, thrusting into her immediately. His cock was thick and long with a hook that massaged the G-spot she hadn't been able to locate with any of her expensive toys.

"Do you like it?" Niko whispered as Zachary rammed through her. Zachary's moans were enough to make her explode. "Say yes, Ms. Sherman." It was all too much to take in. The sweltering whispers, the endless kisses, lick and plunges inside her. She grabbed Nikos face and stuck her tongue in his mouth. Zachary pushed further and harder. He sat up and threw her on top of him in reverse and worked her body like a joystick. He grabbed her legs and pulled them back and violently fucked her while her hand gripped Niko's hard sticky cock. Kate pulled Niko up to her face so his dick stood at her mouth. She took him in and his swollen mushroom made her salivate. Sweet syrupy juices flowed from him after every suck and she begged to feel his head engorge to its capacity and shoot sweet hot lust down her throat. She felt it coming. His dick grew harder. She loved the feel of him in her mouth while Zachary grinded his cock inside her.

"Ms. Sherman. You're gonna make me cum." Niko moaned. He bucked in her mouth and Zachary rubbed her clit as she rode his rock dick. She felt herself tighten around Zachary. She was in a frenzy. She had never cum so much in one lovemaking session. Her insides began to throb wildly as Niko's dick oozed his warning. 

It was like clockwork, like a culmination of all the built up thoughts from Senior year. Zachary's cock became a steel pole. He gripped her tightly, digging his head in the crease of her back as he shot his cum deep inside her. Niko pulled his cock from her mouth and kissed her lips. She watched as he jacked himself, staring intently in her eyes, his mouth pained with lust. Kate flicked the tip of his head with her tongue in anticipation of his hot cum. He grabbed her face and held it to him. She watched in ecstasy as he squirted his juice over her lips. She took him in her mouth and gently sucked him dry. Their drenched bodies fell limp on the bed, breathing deeply and hearts pounding through their ears. Zachary rubbed her clitoris like a small kitten and Niko kissed her tenderly.

Sydney eventually called back around 6 in the morning, finally coming up with the perfect apology. As she stumbled over words and admitted her sexy Spaniard turned out to be a two-minute pencil dick, Kate chuckled lightly.

"Syd, don't worry about anything. I am forever indebted. I'll talk to you soon." She flipped her cell phone and laid back between her two gifted and talented lovers.