 We followed Karen into the master bathroom and saw the largest shower I have ever seen in a home. This thing was fully tiled and had shower heads and body sprays on three walls with two of the huge rain showerheads in the ceiling! You could put 10 people in there at the same time and still have room for a few more!

We all got into the shower and had sprays coming from several different directions. Jeff and I got some body wash and each lathered up a loofa. With Karen between us we began to soap her body up, washing every curve and crevice making certain she was clean. While we were cleaning her, she put some of the body wash on her hands and started on us at our cocks, sliding her tiny hands up and down causing both of us to get very hard erections.

She then took each one of us and washed our bodies completely, ending at our rigid shafts again for more stroking. There were hugs and kisses throughout and we finally turned the showers off and dried each other off and returned to the bed. We quickly changed the sheets so there was no soaked spot and settled in very close to each other.

I wanted to taste Karen's sweet pussy so I kissed my way down her body, starting at her lips and slowly working downwards, spending time on her breasts and hard nipples. Slowly moving further down her body until I was at her pussy, lapping eagerly at her entrance, my tongue probing and swirling around and around then moving to her clit to flick and rub it.

Karen was moaning and her body was moving around on the bed as I ate her more and more. Jeff was sucking both of her nipples and she was holding onto his cock, stroking it.

I asked her if she would like to have two cocks inside her at the same time and she looked at me quizzically for a moment. The look of recognition crossed her face and she said, "I have never done that before, I don't know."

"Would you like to try?" I asked, flicking at her clit rapidly and pumping her tight tunnel with two fingers.

Using my drenched fingers I began to lightly circle her ass causing her to squirm even more as I kept up the stimulation on her hard clit. I pressed one finger slowly into her ass and held it there letting her get used to it. She had clamped down hard on my finger and I stopped licking her clit and told her to relax then went back to licking and sucking oh her clit.

Jeff had straddled her and had laid his big cock between her tits and was titty fucking her. His moans grew louder as he fucked her perfect tits as she held them tight around his rigid shaft.

I sucked her clit harder and began to pump her ass with my finger, slow and steady and she began to moan and move around on the bed. I slid another finger into her ass and slowly began to pump, getting her loosened up. 

She finally said, "OK, let's try this! I've never done it before but have always wondered if I could and what it would feel like."

I laid on my back and had her crawl up my body until her pussy was above my cock and guided her down onto it. Her tunnel was so tight and fit like a glove as she slid down my thick shaft. We both moaned as she sank lower taking me in all the way.

I pulled her forward, kissing her, causing her ass to rise up and Jeff moved behind and poured some oil on it and slid two of his fingers inside and stroked her tight opening. I could feel his fingers just on the other side of the thin membrane separating her ass from her pussy and she gasped and began to ride me faster.

Jeff poured more oil on his cock and removed his fingers then slowly pushed his cock into her ass, stopping when the head popped inside. Karen screamed and said, "I don't think I can do this! It hurts!"

Jeff didn't move, letting her get used to the feeling and soon she began to move her hips again and she said, "This is beginning to feel so good, keep going."

We began to develop a rhythm between my cock and Jeff's slowly building up speed and Jeff sliding further into her ass with each stroke. We were soon both balls deep in her and she went wild, bucking and screaming for us to fuck her hard, again and again. Both of us drove our cocks in and out at a frenzied pace and she had several small orgasms spraying my cock each time she came. She kept urging us to fuck her and we did!

We both were like wild men pounding this gorgeous woman and I could feel my balls churning again and knew that I was going to cum soon. I roared as the cum shot from my balls and sprayed deep into her pulsing pussy and Jeff exploded shortly afterwards filling her ass with load after load of cum. We kept pumping until we were exhausted and we collapsed in a heap, tangled and still buried deep.

As our cocks went limp they slid out and our cum flowed from her ass and pussy. Her breathing began to slow and she laid there mumbling, "Oh my, oh my! So good, that was so good!"

Jeff got up and went into the bathroom and returned with a warm washcloth and gently cleaned her ass and pussy. We snuggled together and fell asleep.

At various times during the night we would wake up and Karen did her best to fuck us silly! She was almost insatiable and so hot! It was as if she was trying to make up for this more than two year period of no sex in this one night. We each fucked her at least three times and she sucked us just as often.

When morning arrived we were three very tired but sated people! She snuggled and rubbed her silky legs over ours and kissed us deeply moving from me to Jeff and back, repeating this several times. She kissed her way down my body and took my limp cock into her mouth and tried to get me up again for one more fuck. As hard as I tried, 4 fucks in one night was my limit and I told her to get Jeff ready, I was sure he had the stamina to go again.

She smiled and kissed me then turned her attention to Jeff, who was still asleep. He took his cock in her hand and began to lick up and down his shaft, finally taking him into her mouth and her head began bobbing up and down, getting him so wet and slick. He awoke and could not believe what was happening to him and held her head as his cock grew and grew in her mouth.

I began to rub her pussy lips and slid two fingers into her pussy. She gasped and sucked harder on Jeff bringing him to full hardness. She climbed up his body and lowered her pussy onto his cock and swiftly plunged down, taking him as far inside as possible. They both groaned and gasped for air then she began to ride him for all she was worth. Her breasts swayed as her hips moved around him and his groans of pleasure soon filled the room.

Karen was in her own world riding that big cock and her cries of pleasure joined his groans and both of the sounds were accompanied by her drenched pussy splashing around his cock.

I reached over and twisted her nipples as she rode Jeff and she shuddered and rode harder and faster.

Karen collapsed on Jeff as the wave hit her and her entire body shuddered laying on him. Her pussy was gripping and squeezing his shaft and when Jeff felt her cum surround his cock, he exploded sending his cum to flood her pussy, mixing with hers.

They lay in each other's arms and tried to regain their breathing and slow their heart rates.

Finally, Karen rolled off of Jeff, looked at me with a smile that almost melted me and said, "Greg, I don't know how to ever thank you for agreeing to do this. This has been the absolute best night of my life."

She turned to Jeff, wrapped her arms around his neck and said, "Jeff, not only are you delicious, but you are one great fuck!"

Jeff turned beet red, Karen laughed and pulled his face down between her tits and held him there. "You are SO adorable!" she cried!

We cleaned up and gathered up the massage table and other things that were left, kissed Karen again and headed for home.

It was almost noon by the time we got to my place and Jeff was just going to leave but I convinced him that he needed to at least tell Judy good-bye.

We went inside and the house was quiet. I went down the hall towards the master bedroom and peeked in and saw Judy on the bed naked, twisting her nipples and fingering her clit. I motioned for Jeff to come see and when he looked in his mouth dropped open!

I started to remove my clothes and motioned for him to do the same. He whispered, "Are you sure?"

Shaking my head, I whispered back, "Defiinitely, YES!"

We opened the door the rest of the way and quietly walked in until we were both standing next to the bed, watching Judy pleasure herself. I leaned down and kissed her and she jumped and screamed but seeing me, pulled me down kissing me hard, her tongue probing and swirling around my mouth.

"Oh, Greg! I am so hot for you! Karen called just after you left and thanked me for letting this happen. She is so excited and feels like a woman again! I love you more than you will ever know!"

She kissed me again and wrapped her arms around my neck, hugging me. That's when she saw Jeff standing there watching us, stroking his already hard cock!

"Greg!" she squealed, Why didn't you tell me Jeff was here too?"

Laughing I said, "I didn't have time to tell you anything, you grabbed me and kissed me."

"I am going to fuck your hot pussy now. Jeff will do whatever your want, Judy." I said and slid between her legs and drove my cock deep, loving the feel of her familiar hot tight pussy around me again.

She smiled at Jeff and beckoned him closer and took his cock into her mouth again and began to suck wildly, taking him deeper than she had done previously. Her hips bucked and met my every thrust as I fucked her as hard as I could. Damn, I love this woman!

I saw my Judy finally take another man's cock into her pussy, the pleasure written all over her face and the look in her eyes as she pulled me down to kiss me so deep and with so much passion. 

She moaned, "Oh Sweetheart, this is so good, so good!" I kissed her then sucked her nipples and squeezed her full breasts helping add to her pleasure.

Jeff left the next day and started seeing Karen and they were like teenagers, so alive in the relationship they had developed. 

They were married 6 months later.