 "Give it up Monica," Carla complained! "He's practicing his bah humbug routine early...no way is he going to tell us what he wants to be for Halloween!" True; but then, that sure didn't excuse her dragging Monica off my lap. And she did it just as Monica started to whisper something in my ear too. That wasn't the worst of it either; oh no, the darling flirt had finally let my hands push up under her sweatshirt! So my hands were sliding over the taught, feathery soft skin of Monica's belly; when, timing her tease to perfection, Carla had pulled her off my lap. Yeah, and I could have done without Carla's mocking snicker, or her "Come on; lets just leave him to his boring old report!" And I suppose the whoop of delight, and her enthusiastic "Yippee, we're going shopping," were inevitable.

What I wasn't expecting though, was for Carla to slide on to my lap, wrap her arms around my neck, and tantalize my ear with something even hotter then her swirling tongue. "Guess what stud," her sultry purr asked? Her throaty growl betraying her own excitement, she told me "Good news, Monica wants to spend the night...awesome huh...finally!"

Figuring it would be a real lousy time to do something as gauche as shouting "No shit," I whispered it instead! Welcoming the news of that much anticipated soiré, the cock threatening to explode right through my jeans made its presence known. And not that I doubted her, but the promise sizzling in Carla's lingering, lip blistering kiss certainly convinced whatever rational bits and pieces were left of my blown mind. Unfortunately, while my mind sputtered and smoked, she hopped up and headed for the door. 

Utterly ignoring my glower, she called back over her shoulder "Don't worry honey; we'll pick out a real cute costume for you...won't we Monica?" 

"Well cute, sure," Monica snickered! Taking me by surprise, she planted a wet, lip smacking kiss on my cheek, before adding a teasing "Definitely cute, but maybe something a little studly too!" And of course, one good smack deserves another! So, when she turned away, I smacked a cracking swat off her saucily wagging jean clad ass. Encouraged by her mischievous grin, and a suggestively cooed "yummy," I watched as they headed for the door, arm in arm and giggling like a couple of school girls. And suddenly, my office felt like a very lonely place!

With Halloween only a week away, I figured the ladies would be positively frantic in their hunt, joyfully egging one another on in their search for the year's most spectacularly risqué costume. Grinning, I turned back to my computer; thinking, yup, that works for me! Carla loves Halloween, and not just because it gives her an excuse to strut her stuff in the bawdiest and most revealing costume possible! Seriously, it wouldn't surprise me to discover her out trick or treating with the neighborhood kids. And not that there's any chance of it happening, but if she owned a costume that was street legal, I probably would! Instead, one of the couples in our circle of hedonistic, fun loving friends inevitably throws a Halloween debauch. And voilà, my incorrigible spouse has the perfect stage for acting out her own brand of shamelessly sexual trick and treating! But, if I wanted to play and I most definitely did; well then, I had a bit of work to do first. So, with a shrug, and a wistful sigh I slammed the door on the delightful possibilities promising such an abundance of erotic distraction.

Sure it was going to burn up a lot of willpower, but I knew I needed to rap up that report, and before the ladies made it back! But at least, I had a project I actually enjoyed; so, the report I was working on easily kept me pleasantly distracted. And sure enough, there was Carla, cheerily calling "Hey there darling, we're home!" And just what was I supposed to think about her "And if you're up for it...well, Monica has a surprise for you!" Having hooked me with that bit of intriguing double entendre , what else, Carla slipped away, vanishing in a receding swirl of half smothered tittering!

Concentration totally shot, with a sighed "Promises, promises," I spun back to my computer. And of course, it was all I could do not to drive myself totally nuts with pointless speculation. But what I was dieing to know was, if Monica knows that I know she's spending the night, then what the fuck is the fucking surprise? But then, it sure wasn't the first time Monica had ignited my imagination, unleashing an irresistible firestorm of erotic fantasies. Nope, they were roommates in college. And Carla had taken great delight in treating me to tales of that red haired vixen, their wild partying, and feats of sexual daring do. Being married to Carla, it was easy to believe that uninhibited duo of coeds had been utterly incapable of turning down a dare. One thing I knew for sure; yeah, I'd definitely attended the wrong college!

Shortly after graduation Monica had married and moved out of state. But a few years later, following her divorce Monica had move back to town. So, for the past couple of weeks that flirtatious tease had been adding her own brand of outrageous color commentary to Carla's ribald stories. Monica and I hit it off right from the beginning. And our flirtatious teasing quickly escalated, frequently feeling a whole lot more like foreplay. I figured the only reason the three of us hadn't already jumped naked in to a frenzied threesome, was that, uncharacteristically, Carla had put the brakes on, wanting to make sure Monica and I became friends first. Patience can only take a man so far; so yeah, figuring the time had come at last, I was practically giddy with anticipation!

While I waited, and when I wasn't fantasizing about getting them naked, I was imagining them in a panoply of revealing costumes. And maybe it shouldn't have surprised me that Monica kept popping in to my mind wearing a leash, and not much else! And it sure didn't take much imagination to picture Carla looking haughty and dangerous in black leather. Sure, strutting in thigh high boots, and wearing nothing but a studded black leather bustier, luscious 36-C tits on proud display, Carla could lead her pretty red haired slave around on a leash. Only, with Carla wearing leather, she'd probably be carrying a whip. And Carla with a whip makes me nervous, so I thought, more red, less black! And seeing as how Carla's middle name should be imp, it was easy to put her in to horns and a tail, red stilettos, fishnets, and a flowing red cape. That worked, and with Monica naked, except for her leash and the collar it was attached to, the image was near perfection. And with her hands tied behind her back, perky tits thrust out,, voila, perfection! Of course I'm there too, sporting horns, tail, tight red leather pants, and a flowing cape. Only, I added a wicked looking twelve inches of jutting red phallus that even Beelzebub would be proud to claim! And, I liked that image a whole lot better! So, I started to picture it with Carla wearing a matching strap-on, but quickly thought better of it. With Carla, there's just no telling who she might decide to bend over. Nope, and I remembered last years party, where we'd gone as pirates. It wasn't me who wore the Captains hat; nope, but it was me who ended up bent over, and getting his bare ass paddled by a plastic cutlass.

Like with any good Halloween story, there came a tap, tap, tapping at the door! Well yeah, it was my office door; and no, there wasn't any silly raven! Instead, when I spun around, I discovered it was my raven haired wife, with a redheaded mattress thrasher in tow. And there, framed in my doorway, stood a pair of stunningly erotic visions. Red hair flowing wild around a pretty face, Monica stood there, her smirk betraying innocently downcast eyes. Releasing her grip on Monica's upper arm, Carla propelled her in to my office with a swat to her fanny, and a snickered "Go on!" Monica stood there, coy smile playing across vividly outlined lips painted a shimmering crimson, long lashes fluttering above eyes shadowed in glittering green. But even as over the top as Monica's gaudy makeup was, it couldn't hold my attention, not with what she was wearing it sure couldn't! And it sure wasn't the traditional school girl's uniform; close, but no cigar! Her blouse was white, long sleeved, and buttoned to her throat. But, it was so sheer that it was practically transparent. And the only thing lurking under that blouse's clingy fabric, were the softly rounded swells of a pair of perkily upturned breasts, their hard pointy nipples jutting from darkly crinkled areola. Of course she wore one of those cute little plaid skirts! But, I didn't suppose any Nun, or head mistress either, would ever have tolerated one that short and clingy. Her legs were long and bare; well bare, if you don't count the cute little white socks or her six inch black pumps. No way around it; Monica was every man's naughty school girl fantasy come to life!

Carla, on the other hand, was an unbelievable mix of the conservative, and the utterly erotic! Her black curls were pulled back in to a conservative bun, and she wore her glasses instead of her usual contact lenses. Add in her minimal makeup, and maybe someone who didn't know her, might think prim school teacher. Well they might, if they didn't notice the thigh high slit running up her long skirt, or the sleekly muscled fishnet clad leg it revealed. But I did; and my eyes took their time sliding down to her flame red six inch stiletto heeled pumps. And like her young charge, she wore a white long sleeved blouse. Only, Carla's wasn't sheer, but then it wasn't buttoned to the throat either! In fact it was unbuttoned from throat to navel, barely restraining the smooth tan skin of her full ripe breasts. And what guy hasn't fantasized about a teacher who looked that hot and utterly sexy? Still, I was betting that it wasn't Carla's actual Halloween costume, but probably just something intended for a little role playing, or so I hoped anyway!

"Good morning Mr. Biggestone," giggled a grinning Carla! "I'm so sorry to interrupt, but I have a disciplinary problem with this young lady. Well, if you can call this trollop a lady," she added with a humph, and a wink. I didn't know where their little game would end up, but I sure intended to play it for all it was worth.

"Good morning Ms Busty," I replied! And then playing along, I asked "Just what seems to be the problem? Maybe you should explain yourself!"

Her defiant young pupil couldn't stifle her soft snicker as Carla propelled her toward my desk. I stood up, working hard to hide the grin threatening to sneak on to my face. "And, what's your name young lady," I asked?

Coy showing through her shy demeanor she answered "I'm Monica Naughty, and I just don't understand why Ms Busty has to always be picking on me!"

Plunking the bag she'd been carrying down on my desk, Ms Busty smacked Miss Naughty's cute little butt, ordering "Stand up straight, and keep that nasty tongue in your mouth!"

Playing dumb, I said "Well, it's apparent your young ladies inappropriately dressed; but, why don't you go ahead and explain yourself Ms Busty!"

"Well first off," started Ms Busty, "there's all that makeup. She looks like a cheap prostitute who'd be lucky to get $20 for a blow-job!"

Under her breath a snickering Miss Naughty muttered "right, what would you know about blow-jobs anyway?"

Monica's smart mouth earned her a solid swat to the ass, before Ms Busty went on to add "Well, and I don't believe she's wearing a bra either!"

Her grin saucy and full of defiance, Miss Naughty answered "OK, if you're so smart, then why don't you just check it out and make sure?"

"Oh you little tramp," squealed a grinning Ms Busty! "And maybe, I'll just do that!" And then pointing out the delightfully obvious, she exclaimed "Look Mr. Biggestone the girl's nipples are even; ah well, just poking right out for anyone to see!"

Still in character Carla tittered, while I sternly proclaimed "Yes Ms busty, I do believe we should get to the bottom of this!"

And while Monica coyly protested "Oh no, oh please don't," Carla reached around Miss Naughty and began unbuttoning her blouse. Nimble fingers teased open one button; and then, sensuous fingers trailed languidly down the exposed V of ivory skin to the next one. Carla looked like she wanted to tear that blouse open with one button ripping tug. But she got it unbuttoned to the waist band of Miss Naughty's plaid skirt; and then, she almost yanked it right off her shoulders.

Carla whooped "I knew it; just look at those tits, umm, I mean breasts! You just take that horrid blouse off this instant, and show Mr. Biggestone!" She got the tone of voice right, but that whoop, and her lip licking grin sort of gave her away. But then I couldn't blame her; Monica has a gorgeous pair of jauntily jutting breasts!

Naked to the waist, Monica stood with one hand over her mouth, perky breasts jiggling as she tried to smother her chuckles. She already was, but then so was I, but that didn't stop Ms Busty from suggesting "Well...would you look at that!" And making sure I got the point, she reached out and pinched a pair of pointedly protruding nipples, insisting "It's just disgusting I say...oh she's such a slutty little show-off!"

"Hey, what's the big deal," complained a very naughty sounding Miss Naughty? Snickering she insisted "Yeah, well the boys sure don't complain!"

"Oh, you're simply horrid," Ms Busty squeaked! And then obviously relishing her role as Ms Busty, Carla administered three forcefully delivered swats, each punctuated with a gleefully delivered "Bad!" Her final walloping swat spilled Miss Naughty across my desk. And what could a Principal do; except of course, help the young lady up! And if my fingers just happened to accidentally roam over her so provocatively bared tits; well, it just couldn't be helped!

Having helped Miss Naughty back to her feet; reluctantly, and after Ms Busty's a shocked "Mr. Biggestone, you can let go now," I let go of that delightful double handful of her anatomy. Leaning back against my desk, I listened to a flushed and obviously excited Ms Busty ask "Right, and what do you want to bet the little whores not wearing panties either?"

And with a clap of her hands she ordered a glowering Miss Naughty "Turn around," insisting "You should be ashamed to be caught wearing a skirt so whorishly short!" And to my delight, she told her wayward pupil "Go on now; bend over, and let Mr. Biggestone see if you're wearing anything under there!" And remembering that Monica's blouse was a gossamer wisp of a thing, I wasn't expecting to discover anything except bare ass under her tiny plaid skirt.

Not needing to be told twice, Miss Naughty turned around alright! Only she didn't have to bend over very far, before practically, her entire ass was in full view! And to my surprise, she was wearing panties! A pair of lacey hot pink boy shorts did an absolutely outstanding job of highlighting a pair of firm, delectably rounded ass cheeks. With Monica bent double, elbows resting on my desk, I noticed the crotch of those tight panties was damp, and clinging provocatively to the erotic contours of her pussy. Ms Busty reached over, flipped that skirt up, and stood there admiring an ass almost as hot and sexy as her own! "Well," her humph asked? "Just what are you going to do with that?"

Several definitely delightful ideas flashed through my brain! But, being the Principal after all, my options were limited! "OK young lady, I can't believe what I'm seeing! But, I'm quite sure you've earned a spanking! And after that; well, we'll just see what else Ms Busty needs to get off her chest!"

Her enthusiasm obvious, Ms Busty excitedly announced "That's a very good idea!" And she was positively jubilant as she explained "And, I have just the thing for the job too!" Rummaging around in the bag she'd dropped on my desk earlier, she added "The evil child's locker was full of all sorts of wonderful...oops, I mean perverted stuff!" And holding up a bright red leather slapper she positively beamed her approval, saying "Just look; its got all those stars cut out of it! Really Mr.! Biggestone, do you suppose it's going to leave stars printed on her ass?" Sure I did! In fact I was quite sure that slapper would leave a trail of pale stars standing out on a flaming red ass, and long before Ms Busty and I were through too!

Looking seriously disappointed Ms Busty asked "Oh well, you're the Principle; so I suppose you'll want to handle the paddling?"

Enjoying her look of dismay, I teased "Well yes, it is one of my duties!" But I relented, explaining "But then, the misbehaving child's one of your students; so, how about we divide the wonderful little, ah that's horrid, job up between us?"

Smile back in place, Carla didn't waste any time in issuing curt instructions. "OK then, now Miss Naughty put your hands flat on Mr. Biggestone's desk, " she ordered, grinning impishly as she added "Step back...more, that's it! Hey, and spread your legs...right...that's it...real wide apart!" Satisfied, she almost purred "Oh, that's real hot, oops, well I mean fine, just fine!"

I stepped forward, intending to grab the slapper. But Ms Busty held it behind her back, her half smile daring me to reach around her and take it! And proving she was every bit as incorrigible as Miss Naughty, when I reached around her, she pushed my head down, burying my face in her delightfully abundant cleavage., So with Miss Naughty watching over her shoulder, I gently flicked my tongue over one of Ms Busty's swelling nipples, while I mercilessly twisted the other one between a thumb and forefinger. And while Ms Busty cooed her approval, she watched me reach back and tickle the hot wet crotch of Miss Naughty's pretty pink panties. That tickle became a caress, and that caress turned in to a grope, and that's when a throat clearing Ms Busty tactfully suggested "Oh no Mr. Biggestone, stop that, before you spoil the little tart!" Only it was the slapper she waved menacingly that stopped my wandering fingers.

Catching my nod in the direction of Miss Naughty's nicely exposed ass, Ms Busty's smile turned in to a truly lecherous grin. "Well, I guess I just better slip those panties down," she said! She added "It's just not proper to paddle a student through her panties," and almost without letting her giggle sneak out!

There isn't much more erotic then the sight of a girl's panties being pulled down! And watching Carla slowly tease Monica's panties down turned my lingering erection in to an unbendable rod of red hot iron. That throbbing beast roared for release, when Ms Busty sensuously ran her fiery red finger nails over the silky smooth, ivory hued skin of Monica's bare ass cheeks. Heat beginning to smolder in her eye's, Carla traced a pair of white X's, turning the sweet cheek's of Monica's ass in to just about the prettiest targets I'd ever seen! Ms Busty stepped back, and I cracked a hard slap across one of those X's. And before poor Miss Naughty could suck in a gasp, I cracked an even harder one across the other targeted cheek. But that breath whooshed right back out, after I added a third, and then a forth set of pale stars to her flaming ass cheeks.

I paused to admire my handiwork, and maybe to wish upon a star! Ms Busty helpfully held her troublesome student's skirt up out of my way. But that still left her with one free hand! So I watched her use one shiny red finger nail to explore the velvety pink folds of pussy peeking from between Miss Naughty's thighs. But as that fingernail disappeared, only to reappear every time Carla pistoned another swirling thrust in and out of her wayward student's vagina, I asked "Ms Busty are you sure that you should be fingering the girl like that?"

Carla's soft and saucy purr answered my silly question. What's wrong with the way I'm fingering her," she wanted to know? "And besides, the perverted little tart likes it!" But when Carla added "Oh she so deserves a good tongue lashing, "I got distracted. And I'm sure that's what she intended; because she was sure quick to grab that slapper out of my hand!
