 Laura and I showered separately. I changed into a light pair of khaki shorts and a light blue dress shirt. I must admit, wearing the shorts sans underwear felt great. My cock lightly rubbed the silky material and kept me at an elongated state of arousal. I checked myself in the mirror and was excited to see the mushroom head of my sex clearly outlined on my shorts. I knew if I noticed it, Laura was going to see it. I was excited to see her reaction.

I walked over to our pass through door, knocked and walked in. I stopped to admire her look. With her hand on the dresser, she balanced herself as she pulled on a strappy high heel. From my vantage point, I could see her tits barely contained by the halter top of her dress. Her apparel for the evening was a light dress of many colors decorated as flowers. The halter top plunged deep into her chest. As she walked to me, her breasts gently swung with the rhythm of her gait. The bottom of the dress reached down passed her bottom by about five inches. Short enough to be sexy and long enough to be demur. I whistled as she approached. "Girl, you look amazing!"

She put her arms around my neck and kissed me deeply. She broke the kiss and ran her hand over my hardening cock saying, "You look pretty good yourself."

"Let's eat!" I said.

"Each other or food?" she asked with a lascivious grin.

I smacked her on the ass and said, "Food, you tease."

"You started it with those shorts of yours. Everyone is going to know you don't have underwear on."

"I know. I like it!"

We caught a cab to a nice steak restaurant. Laura asked the girl seating us if we could have a booth in the back. The young lady said it was no problem. She placed us in a circular booth in the corner, pulled out the table for us to slide in and said with a sexy smile, "Jessica will be your waitress."

We thanked her and slid close to each other. Laura immediately placed her hand on my crotch and started to massage my hardening dick. I reached under the table and slid my hand up her thigh. She opened her legs and allowed me access to her pussy. I slid my finger in between her lips and found a wet honeypot of desire. I drenched my finger with her juice and slightly penetrated her just as Jessica appeared. Her presence surprised both of us. Our hands returned to the table top. I looked at Jessica as I brought my finger to Laura's lips. She licked the nectar off my finger and turned to our waitress.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt. My name is Jessica. I'll be your server tonight. I can provide you with any amenity."

I looked at Jessica and noticed her shirt was unbuttoned to the third button. It allowed Laura and I to ogle her beautiful cleavage. The demi cup bra she was wearing gently pushed her breasts together creating an appetizing decolletage. We ordered drinks and turned to each other as Jessica left.

"I know you saw what I saw. She's beautiful!" exclaimed Laura.

"I think she knew we were fooling around under the table. I think she liked it."

"Ya, think? Let's have some fun with her." Laura reached behind her neck and loosened the ties that held her halter. The effect was awesome. When she leaned forward, the dress opened up to reveal her nipples. Here nubs were hard and very erect. "Now slide to the corner of the booth so she can see your cock poking into your shorts."

"Like this?" I asked leaning back into the booth. This too had an appealing effect. My cock tented the shorts and the thin material revealed my purple head in it's glory. Laura pulled on my cock and a small drip of pre cum bled through the material. Jessica came back with our drinks just as Laura drew forth my pre-seed. She watched without shame. 

"Thanks, Jessica. I need a cool drink."

"My timing is terrible. I'm sorry."

Laura withdrew her hand and said, "Your timing is perfect. No need to apologize. We both think you're beautiful."

"Thank You. Can I get some food for you?"

"Well, since you are not on the menu, we'll just have the specials. I'll have chicken. Laura?"

"I'll have the fish. Can you show me where the ladies room is?"

"Absolutely."

The two girls left and I sat up to take a swig of my beer. My phone suddenly vibrated a message. I looked at the screen to see it was from Laura. I opened the message to reveal a picture of laura sitting on the ladies room sink table. Her legs were spread open and Jessica stood between them. Her face was buried in Laura's chest. The picture had frozen the moment Jess had latched on to my dates nipple. A second message opened to an image of Laura passionately kissing our waitress while reaching her hand between her legs. This bi-sexual side of my teaching colleague intrigued me.

The girls returned to the table with a crimson rosiness to their cheeks. Laura kissed me and asked, "Did you like what you saw?"

While looking at my crotch I asked, "Does it look like I liked it?" My cock was stretching the limits of the material. 

Jessica smiled while looking at me and said, "I'll put your order in."

Laura leaned in and kissed me with heated passion.

Our meal came shortly after ordering a second drink and we ate with an eroticism that would have made Mickey Rourke and Kim Basinger proud. I fed Laura a juicy piece of melon from my salad with my fingers. The nectar cascaded over her lips, down her chin on rested on the top of her tits. I kissed and licked away the juice from her face and slurped it off her breasts. 

Once again, Jessica's timing was perfect. She appeared with our dinner as my face arose from Laura's chest. "You two are hot! However, you're going to get thrown out of here and ruin my night."

"Okay, we'll control ourselves. Only if you bring dessert to our hotel."

Jessica paused thinking over my invitation. She had never had a set of customers as blatantly sexual as these two. She liked kissing the woman in the bathroom and had nearly wet herself when she was pushed up against the wall and had her pussy so brazenly teased. Yet, she didn't know these two. She was usually very careful about meeting strangers. Knowing she had no boyfriend at the time and the fact that it had been a long time since she had sex, convinced Jessica to agree.

Our meal proceeded with a level of sexual tension that made the time fly by. Jessica brought our check and I paid for it leaving a note as to the address of our hotel and my phone number. As our cab whisked us back to our lodgings, Laura asked, "Do you think she'll join us?"

"Well, the way she ogled both of us and the smoldering passion she possessed in the picture, I'd say yes."

"Good. Cause I cannot wait to share this cock with her."

With that, Laura opened my pants and plunged my dick into her mouth. She swirled the head with her tongue and sucked me hard. I noticed the cab driver looking in the mirror to see if the pretty lady was going to go farther. Unfortunately for him, we arrived at the hotel.

Laura packed my saliva covered meat back in my pants and led me to the elevator bank. As the doors to the ride upstairs closed, I took her in my arms and said, "The first thing I'm going to do to you is recreate both of the pictures you sent me. Here's the exception. I'm not going to stop there. I'm going to strip you of your clothes and lick you till you cum on my face."

"Don't make any threats you can't back up Big Boy." she said smiling.

I spun her around in the elevator car, pressed her up against the glass window facing the atrium of the hotel and lifted her dress up around her waist. I passed the material into her hands and slid down her back to her luscious ass. There I pulled her cheeks open and licked her from her asshole to her clit. "Fuck, yes!" was her only reply.

When the door to the car opened, we ran to her room. She immediately went to the bathroom and sat upon the sink. I untied her halter and kissed down her neck and clavicle to her nipples. She shrieked with an amorous cry. I lifted her dress to her waist and sought out her womanhood. She was dripping with desire and I lapped away the nectar. Sliding two fingers into her, I concentrated on her clit. I wanted this orgasm to be fast and furious. She threw her legs over my back and pressed her vagina into my face. Holding my head to her pussy, I gently slid my pinky finger over her asshole. She wailed and I felt the convulsing contractions of her orgasm. She held me there as she came down and I raised up to kiss her. "You fucking Rock!"

"You taste delicious."

Just then my phone rang. "There she is."

I answered and told Jessica the number of Laura's room. Laura threw off her dress and jumped on the bed. "Answer the door naked. "She said.

I took off the two articles of clothing that had covered me all night and waited for the knock on the door. It came shortly after stripping. I looked at Laura and asked, "Ready?"

She was playing with her pussy and said, "More than you know."

I opened the door and beheld the visage of our waitress. She had changed and put on a gentle layer of makeup that gave her a radiance of desire. She started by saying, "Sorry, I'm late..."

She looked at my nakedness and the nudism of my date.

"I apologize." I said. "We started without you. Couldn't help it after all that teasing at the restaurant. Come in."

Jessica had altered her wardrobe to include low waisted jeans and a white bodysuit that didn't hide any of her assets. Her tits were not enhanced by the demi cup bra we had seen earlier. She was naturally busty and now having no support from the bra, you could see they sat up high and tight.

Laura stepped off the bed and welcomed her with a french kiss. Their tongues wiggled in and out of each others mouth. Jessica plunged her tongue into Laura's mouth and she closed her lips upon it. She suckled on the flesh and squeezed Jess' tits. 

In the meantime, I circled behind our mistress, slid her jeans down her legs, unsnapped the bodysuit and nestled my tongue and face between her cheeks. I licked at her rosebud and and she clenched with a moan. I stood up, resting my now hard cock between those glorious glutes and kissed her on the neck.

Laura took her hand and led us to the bed. Jessica discarded the top and followed the beauty with whom I worked. Our guest settled on the bed and rested her head upon the pillows. Laura crawled up between her spread legs and began to eat her out. She lashed her tongue against Jessica's lips and clit. Jessica suddenly pulled Laura's head up and said, "Wait."

"What? What's the matter?"

"Laura, when I'm worked up like this, I tend to really be wet."

"Awesome, let it go girl!!"

Laura returned to our date's pussy. While she pleasured our friend, I began to kiss Laura's pussy and ass from behind. She wiggled appreciatively. Jessica moaned and cried out, "Yes, eat me Laura! Fuck that's good. Please, finger fuck me. Yes!!"

Her talk raised my level of need and I plunged my cock into Laura's pussy. I sunk in to the hilt. Laura raised her head for a moment and groaned, "Fuck, yes!!"

As I withdrew from her cunt, my cock was coated with a light sheen of pussy juice. I stopped before totally leaving her orifice and spread the collected juice up to her asshole. I pushed my cock into her and pulled it out. As I pulled out, I licked my finger and pushed it into her rectum.

Laura screamed with delight into Jessica's pussy. The vibrations of Laura's voice set her off and she came. Jessica planted her feet flat on the bed and lifted her pelvis to meet Laura's ministrations. "I'm cummingggg!!"

Jessica exploded with pleasure. Her pussy spewed forth a stream of juice that coated Laura's face and hair. Combine this with my manipulations of her asshole, Laura came for the second time this night. Her cunt clutched and squeezed my cock and I blew stream after stream of cum into her depths.

All three of us were breathing heavy from the exertion. I collapsed on Laura's back and she fell forward with her head on Jessica's stomach. I crawled up and licked the cum off Laura's face. She rolled over as I cleaned her. Jessica got up and proceeded to suck my cum from Laura's pussy.

Jessica said, "That was awesome!"

"We're here for three more days." I said.

"Good, I live two blocks away."