 Thank you for all the on-going feedback from the previous stories in this series. Hope you enjoy this next chapter. 5s and positive feedback are always appreciated. I also like the feedback that helps me improve my writing. I like to think I've improved as the series has progressed. Thank you those that have helped in that regard. 

*

It had been nearly a week since Miss Jones had caught me in a precarious position with Emily and Nikki and so far, there hadn't been any repercussions. However, I had a feeling it would only be a matter of time. Miss Jones was probably just biding her time before sticking the knife in. When I thought about it, I hadn't seen her much since the incident. Just a couple of fleeting glimpses of her leaving or going into her office.

I shrugged off that train of thought and went back to my marking. No point worrying about it, it would happen when it happened.

It was then that there was a knock at the door of my classroom.

"Yes?" I called out.

One of the secretaries from the office popped her head round the door and rather meekly informed me that Miss Jones wanted to speak to me in her office.

I put away my marking in my desk drawer and stood before heading for the door. The secretary had already disappeared. I set off for Miss Jones' office, enjoying the fresh air and late early spring sunshine as I strode across the quad. The science department classrooms were opposite the main building across the other side, a large square area with a garden in the middle which also features picnic benches to eat lunch on.

Entering the main building, I turned left and made for the main atrium where most of the faculty offices were located, mine included. I turned towards her office and my heart skipped a beat as I saw Nikki and Emily stood outside, guilty looks on both their faces, neither able to meet my eye.

I nodded at each of them and they half smiled back before I knocked on the door and was beckoned inside.

"You wanted to see me Miss Jones?" I asked, peering round the door.

"Yes Mr Burton, thank you. Please, come in and close the door behind you." She said from perched on her desk.

I did as she asked and turned to face her and that's when I noticed a difference. Her make-up was better applied and more flattering. Her hair more styled and it looked a little longer. The blouse was less senile librarian as it was the last time I had seen her and was more stylish, cut lower, revealing some impressive cleavage.

I realised I was staring and quickly attempted to make eye contact which is when I noticed she was smiling. I'd never seen her smile before. It was like seeing a lion trying to tap dance.

I sat down on a seat by the door to stop myself having an aerial view. She went round the opposite side and sat in her chair, curtailing any views I might have had of legs or cleavage.

"Were you checking me out there Mr Burton? Having a good ogle were we?" She grinned. Something funny was going on here. I had a feeling any minute now she'd press a button on her desk and I'd plummet through the floor.

"No... Er... Of course not Miss Jones. That would be completely inappropriate." I stuttered in response, not really understanding why I wasn't leaving the office, P45 in hand.

"Oh, I think you and I have a very different understanding of the concept of "appropriate"." She even did the air quote thing with her fingers when she said appropriate. I hate people who do that.

"My idea of appropriate doesn't include screwing the students after class. But what do I know?" She continued. I could hear the knife being sharpened in the background.

"Nor does it include taking advantage of them in the showers, say, after a gym lesson." She stood up at this point and walked around to my side of the desk and my eyes quickly slid down her body to a skirt that stopped just above her knees and showed off some wonderful, smooth legs.

"Are you checking me out AGAIN Mr Burton?" She asked, mock annoyance dripping from her voice.

"You know, you don't have to look, you can touch all you like, if you want to. I know I'm no Emily Moore but I think I can turn a few heads in my new clothes, wouldn't you agree Mr Burton?" She asked suggestively, her arse now perched on the desk, her fingers slowly raising the hem of her skirt.

I could only nod dumbly. I was still waiting for the other shoe to drop. I was sure she was just trying to entrap me.

"Come on Mr Burton. From what Miss Moore tells me, it took her less encouragement than this before you were balls deep inside her. Or is it that I'm wearing too many layers of clothing?" She asked, as her hands began slowly unbuttoning her blouse, each button revealing more and more of her firm bosom, her maroon and black push up bra forcing her tits together.

Her blouse now unbuttoned, she shrugged it off her shoulders, she slivered slightly and the flesh on her arms came out in goose bumps. She paused and made eye contact with me and once satisfied that there clearly wasn't enough exposed flesh on show, her hands went to her skirt.

The rose and the zipper came down, the skirt hit the floor leaving in her some pretty libido enflaming lingerie and black heels. She stood there in just that matching bra and French knickers set and she looked glorious. Her hands went to untie and let her hair down but I was out of the chair and had closed the gap before her hand touched her head. My hands found her buttocks and lifted her from her feet and she squealed with the delight of her apparent victory.

"Is this what you wanted Miss Jones?" I whispered in her ear, with just a hint of aggression.

"Yes Mr Burton. I've wanted this since I caught you and your students enjoying this after class activity last week. I've dreamt about you, thought about you and fantasised about this moment since I saw your naked form glistening with sweat in that cold classroom."

"Now you've got me Miss Jones, what do you want me to do to you?" I asked, knowing the answer.

"I want you to fuck me till I can scream no more. I want you to make me your personal fuck slave. I want to ride you till your legs buckle and your head explodes like the cork from the bottle of warm champagne. But first I want to wrap my lips around that monster dangling between your legs." She replied, lustily.

I grabbed the back of her head and brought her ear next to my lips. "You may be the boss of me at work Miss Burton but when we're alone and especially when you're naked you will address me correctly. Is that clear?"

"Yes... Mr.... Burton." She replied, obediently, quivering with delight.

"Now, now Miss Jones. That's what Emily and Nikki call me. You don't want me to confuse me now do you?"

She shook her head dumbly.

"Good. You..." I paused and looked her in the eye briefly. "You will call me Master."

"Yes... Master." She replied, her eyes pleading with me to let her go so she could fellate me.

"I make the rules Miss Jones. You will do what I say, when I say it. You will not fail to obey me or there will be consequences. Is that perfectly clear?"

She nodded affirmation and kissed her aggressively, our tongue's fighting for territory in the no man's land between our lips. We broke apart and she looked into my eyes, hers full of need and desperation.

"Oh Master..." She cooed. "Can I please now suck your cock?" 

"Very well Miss Jones. But you are not to use your hands"

She nodded in acquiescence, her hands dropping to her sides.

I smiled as she dropped onto her knees, my hand still holding the back of her head as my left hand went to the zip of my trousers. I deftly removed my cock and held her head where it was while it swelled in anticipation of having her lips wrapped around it.

I brought her head forward, lining up the head of my prick with her lips as it got closer. She obediently opened her mouth, her tongue eagerly coating the tip of it with saliva as it slid into her waiting orifice. I grunted with appreciation and I could feel her moaning from the vibrations being sent up my member. She wasn't quite as enthusiastic as Emily but good lord she clearly had plenty of experience.

"Good lord woman. You know how to suck cock." I heard her mumble something in response. I assumed it was a thank you.

Then I remembered Emily and Nikki were still outside the door. I grinned as an idea crossed my mind.

"Emily, Nikki." I called out. "Could you please come in and join us."

The girls entered a couple of seconds later, Nikki first followed immediately by Emily. Nikki had just finished saying something to Emily as she crossed the threshold, she turned and gasped at what she saw. I caught Emily looking over her friend's shoulder.

"Don't just stand there. Get in here and close the door behind you. Now." I added sternly.

"Yes sir." Emily replied, turning and locking the door behind her for good measure.

"Very good. Now stand in that corner and watch while I fuck Miss Jones here into the middle of next week."

When I was happy they had a good view, I grabbed the back of Miss Jones' head and slowly forced more of my cock into her mouth. She looked up at me like she was going to try to fight me but I stared her down and her eyes dropped without a fight. Tears started sliding down her cheeks as her nose started working overtime to try to get oxygen to her lungs.

Satisfied I had got my point across I pulled my cock from Miss Jones' mouth and she immediately started sucking down air. I looked down to see a puddle forming beneath her crotch and a large damp patch on the front of her panties.

"Would you like to get fucked now Miss Jones?" I asked, although I didn't really need to.

She nodded with a pleading look in her eye.

I lifted her back to her feet by her hair, her hands hanging limply by her sides. She whimpered as I pulled her in for an open mouth kiss. My left hand snaked up her back and deftly undid the clasp on her bra and she autonomously shrugged out of it. Her breasts now free my left hand sought out the nipple of her right tit, gently twisting it and rolling it around between index and thumb to the sound of moans.

I released her hair and lifted her smaller frame easily into the air as she yelped in surprise. I lowered onto the desk and spread her legs before turning to the girls.

"Emily, Nikki, would you like to eat Miss Jones' dripping cunt for me?"

"Yes sir" they replied in unison.

They sprang from the corner, giggling. Approaching the desk, they both dropped to their knees and shared a long French kiss before turning their attention to Miss Jones' parted thighs. They slid her panties off her legs and Emily started working her way up the inside of her right thigh, Nikki the left, nibbling, sucking and licking their way up to what lay between.

I stood back and watched as Miss Jones' face changed almost immediately to one of anxious anticipation to one of unbridled lust as Nikki and Emily got closer and closer to meeting in the middle. Miss Jones' head dropped back onto the desk as the girl's tongues slid up her slick lips in tandem sending a torrent of pleasure coursing through her body.

"Oh.... God...." The words came stifled from Miss Jones lips as she built towards her inevitable and fast approaching orgasm.

While I watched Miss Jones' delightful torment I was undressing. My shirt and tie were already over the back of the chair I had been sat in and my socks were tucked in my shoes underneath. I looked up when I heard the first noises from Miss Jones that meant she was getting close. Her breathing was laboured, coming in gasps as her brain was overloaded by pleasurable stimuli.

"Don't forget to thank me when you cum Miss Jones" I reminded.

"Yes......Master...." She obediently replied, just managing to get the words out between moans of pleasure.

I saw Nikki slide two fingers into Jones' slick cunt and Emily went straight for her clit with her skilful tongue. Everything went pin drop silent as Miss Jones' mouth opened wide as her orgasm wracked her body, every muscle in her gym sculpted body seizing and juddering like someone had plugged her hand into the mains.

She collapsed, emitting one long grunt. With one look Emily and Nikki rose and slid Miss Jones' waist to the edge of the desk. She lay there panting as I approached, my long erection standing proudly from my body.

I paused just in front of Miss Jones' and took Nikki and Emily in each arm, sharing a long sensuous kiss with each of them in turn, savouring the taste of Miss Jones on their respective lips. I broke off and they both grabbed my cock and started guiding it towards Jones' still glistening opening.

Miss Jones', having regained some semblance of composure looked back, a mixture of dread and anticipation painting her face as the tip of my throbbing member parted her lips and began sliding into her.

I grabbed her hips and slowly stepped towards her, inching my cock into her, drawing a long low moan from her.

"That's what you get for not thanking me Miss Jones." 

"Yes, master. Thank you, master." She replied, careful to make sure she addressed me correctly.

"Don't thank me yet." I warned.

I drew back and pulled her back onto me, forcing a yelp from her followed by another thank you. I alternated like that a few minutes, enjoying the yelps and groans as I switched between fucking her hard and slowly sliding back into her and realised Emily and Nikki were just watching. My right hand slid down Nikki's body, my two middle fingers sliding into her young, dripping wet cunt. I was just finding my rhythm with both screwing Miss Jones and finger fucking Nikki (who was gushing virtually already at this point) when another idea popped into my head.

"Emily, why don't you give Miss Jones a first taste of pussy and sit on her face."

"Certainly Mr Burton." She beamed in reply, walking around the edge of Miss Jones' desk, pausing only to drop her panties and her uniform skirt. She clambered up on the desk, swinging her leg over Miss Jones' prone and moaning form. 

"Are you ready to return the favour Miss?" She replied, presumably wearing a cheeky grin. She had her back to me at this point. I didn't hear Miss Jones' reply all that well Emily was already lowering her pussy to her face, sighing with satisfaction as Miss Jones' tongue went to work on a twat for the first time.

Knowing how quickly Emily came from cunnilingus, I increased the pace of my thrusting into Miss Jones which caused her moans to increase in volume and frequency which caused to eat Emily more voraciously, made obvious by Emily's volume increasing. While this was happening I increased the pace of my fingers working on Nikki's cunt. I was hoping we were all going to climax at the same time but Nikki spoiled that by cumming so hard on my hand her legs gave way from under her, leaving her a quivering mess on the floor.

My right hand now freed up, I grabbed Miss Jones' hips with both hands and started thrusting into her with more vigour, sending the volume of her moans and groans through the roof. At the same time I saw Emily bite her fist to stop herself from crying out.

With one final thrust I sent Miss Jones over the edge, the sight of which triggered Emily's own climax causing her to fall sideways shuddering onto the desk. I knew I was close to my own release, the familiar twitching sensation already building in my balls and I knew exactly where to blow it.

I grabbed Miss Jones' legs and dragged her still vibrating form clean off the desk, depositing her on her knees. My left hand found the back of her head, taking a chunk of hair and holding her head in place, my right hand grabbed my rock hard tool and with 10 strokes sent the contents of my nuts all over Miss Jones' face.

I released her head, falling into the well placed chair behind me. I regained my composure, my right leg sliding up to cross my left and admired my handiwork. My boss was still on her knees a foot in front me, the evidence of our joining literally plastered all over her face and my two favourite students quivering, post orgasmic wrecks. One, still on my boss' desk and the other still twitching on the floor.

I fucking love my job.