 All students in the class are over the age of 18 for this story. 

***** 

It has been several weeks since I have subbed the weight training class. I notice as your class comes in the boys are all jabbing each other in the ribs and snickering. They are whispering to each other in hushed tones but immediately stop when I come near. But each and every time I catch one of the boy's eyes they have this cat that ate the canary look on their face. 

I pull you aside, just outside the door of the classroom. "You told your friends didn't you?" You look at me nervously. 

"yes I did. We were drinking the other night and talking about wild sex and I let it slip." I shove you back into the classroom. 

Sternly I address the class, "I will be right back. NO ONE leave." 

You are extremely nervous. "Thanks guys. You just couldn't keep your fucking mouths shut!" You didn't hear me return to the room. "No you couldn't keep your fucking mouth shut. But now I will teach you the consequences." And I lock the door. All of the boys are nervous now. They have no idea what is going to happen. 

"You boys need to be taught a lesson." I slowly walk around the room, looking each boy in the eye. "When I say SPEAK OF THIS TO NO ONE, I mean NO ONE. Not your buddies. Or your siblings." I walk to the center of the room and stand on the weight bench. "Strip." All of your classmates look at one another and then everyone looks at you. You are wide eyed and just shrug. "I SAID STRIP!" I command. All of you take off your clothes and stand naked around me in a circle. A few are a little more shy and are covering their crotches. I point to you. "Come here" You blindly obey. You walk to the side of the bench and look up at me. "This will be your lesson today. Do not ever open your fucking mouth." I slap you across the face. You are shocked. "Now bend over and put your hands on the bench." You lean forward nervously putting your hand on the bench. I jump down next to you. I slap your ass and then walk around the bench looking at your classmates. "And this will be a lesson for all of you. KEEP your FUCKING MOUTH SHUT." 

I walk back over to you and run my hand gently down your back. I grab your ass and then reach between your legs to caress your cock and balls. I hear an intake of breath around me. I start stroking your cock with you bent over. I look around and see your classmates shifting, several of them starting to get hard. "Oh, does this arouse you?" I stroke a little faster and then smack your ass with my free hand. "Do you want teacher to play with you?" Several of them nod their head and there are a few grunts behind me. I keep stroking your cock. "Stroke yourselves boys. Make those young cocks hard for me." A few just start immediately stroking frantically. The more shy ones look shiftily side to side to make sure no one is watching them. Everyone's eyes are on me, and what I am doing to you of course. This time I am addressing you, "You better start stroking that cock, I've got something to do." You take your cock in one hand but try to look at me over your shoulder. I go get a bag that I brought in from my car and set it next to the bench. I stand up on the bench again next to you. I slowly unbutton my shirt, turning so everyone in the room can see. Then I sit on your back while I take off my jeans and then drop them to the floor. You can feel my ass on your back and you start stroking harder. "Don't you dare cum. Not one of you." I stand back up and unhook my bra, dangling it from one finger before I drop it to the floor. I step down off the bench and stand right in front of your face, so you are eye level with my pussy as I pull down my lace panties and discard them on the floor. 

I disappear behind you and you hear me rustling in my bag. One of your buddies behind you says "Oh shit!" which has you nervously looking around to see what I am doing. I look at him, "Do you want to be next?" 

"Uh no, Mrs. S. Sorry Mrs. S" 

I walk back around in front of you and you see me wearing a big black strap on cock. "Suck it" 

"What?!" 

"I said Suck it!" 

"I'm not into guys!" 

"I'm not a guy. And I didn't say you had an option. You need to learn to keep your mouth shut. SUCK IT" I command. You lean forward, still bent over the bench and take the hard black plastic cock into your mouth. "I didn't say to stop stroking." I look around at everyone. Hands immediately start to move again. "Deeper" I say to you. You try to say something in protest but I grab the back of your head and shove the cock deep into your mouth making you gag. "Good boy. You will want it covered in spit for what I have in store for you next." Your eyes get wide and now you look slightly scared of me. 

I point to your buddy, the one that spoke. I crook my finger at him saying, "Come here." He walks over to me nervously. I pull your head off the strap on cock by your hair so you are looking up at me. "Lay down on the end of the bench." You lay down on the end of the bench, face down, with your pelvis and legs hanging off of the end. I hold your ass cheeks apart with my hands and guide my strap on to the edge of your asshole. I bend down to whisper in your ear, "It will hurt less if you keep stroking." I tease your asshole with little pulses of my pelvis. Just enough to start to make you involuntarily moan. I tell your buddy to spit on your ass. He does it immediately, now scared of what might happen if he doesn't acquiesce. I slide my cock into you slowly. It hurts just a little at first but you don't want to admit just how good it actually feels. You can't help but moan softly though. Your classmates are all turned on by the sight of me naked, wearing only a strap on, slowly fucking you in the ass while you stroke your cock. 

Now I tell your buddy to come closer. I put my hands on the center of your back, adjusting my weight so I am pushing you into the bench hard and my legs are spread wide. Your buddy has a perfect view of my wet, open pussy from where he's standing beside me. I look over my shoulder at him, "Fuck me" I command. He hesitates for only a second before I feel his hard dick pushing at my entrance. He starts fucking me, making me push into you with every thrust. His cock feels so good inside of me. I start to moan. He grabs my hips and starts fucking me harder and faster. I reach down with one hand to rub my clit. I'm fucking you faster too; at the same rhythm he's fucking me. I tell him to cum inside of me. He starts pounding me relentlessly. My tits are bouncing. I'm frantically rubbing my clit. You look forward and can see us all in the mirror. You see me throwing my head back in ecstasy as my orgasm hits, bucking that strap on hard into your tight ass. Your friend grunts as he cums inside of me. You are no longer uncomfortable but loving every second of it. And your classmates love the show. 

When your buddy pulls out of me I tell him to step over you on the bench, straddling you so I can suck our cum off his cock. I slow down my thrusts into your ass. I don't want you cumming yet. I point to the next boy and tell him to come over and fuck me. He immediately rushes over and sticks his dick inside of me. I am now getting fucked from behind, sucking on the previous cock that was inside of me, and you are getting fucked hard and fast again by your classmate through my strap on. 

This is how it goes, every single classmate getting the chance to fuck me while I fuck you, filling my pussy with their hot, young cum. Ten guys in total fuck me while I am fucking you. And with the last one I whisper to you that you may now cum. As I orgasm again, and I feel him shoot his load inside of me, you frantically stroke your cock. And orgasm like no other you have ever experienced hits you. You cum so hard you feel like you are going to split in two. You spray your load all over the floor. When you are done, I remove my strap on from your ass and discard it on the floor. I tell you to get up and go get a rag to clean up your mess. The other guys are sitting around the room, in various stages of bliss and disbelief. 

When you come back you see me sitting on the edge of the bench. You drop to your knees to clean up the mess you made. I spread my legs wide. You look right at my pussy, dripping with the cum of 10 horny teenagers. "Now you clean me up" You look up into my eyes and you know that you have no option but to obey. You scoot closer and dive into my dripping pussy. You lick up every bit of cum. You suck my swollen clit into your mouth. Sticking your tongue inside of me you suck up every last drop. I grab the back of your head and push your hard against my pussy, fucking your face. Some of your classmates start to jerk off again, watching me as I pinch my own nipples and rub my pussy all over your mouth. Your buddy, who looks close to cumming again, steps closer and I take him into my mouth. The second he is in my hot mouth he starts to cum. You suck on my clit harder which makes me orgasm again. 

I lay back on the bench, my chest heaving from deep breaths. I stand up, look around the classroom at all of the spent boys. "Not a word" The bell rings. "Not one fucking word. Class dismissed" Everyone frantically grabs their clothes and leaves as quickly as they can.