 I would like to thank MidnightFalcon for his large contribution in helping me write this story. 

**********************

I sat in the park watching the swans cruise around the lake. I often relax here and there is nothing as calming as watching them. They are one of the few wild things that mate for life and somehow I liked that thought. Being attached in that way sort of makes me feel good.

Although my job as a wardrobe mistress at the theatre for the performing arts, generally doesn't allow me much free time to myself I had tried to make these early hours my time. And there was another reason. My mom is a housekeeper and when she read in the obituary two weeks ago that Craig Andrew's wife had passed away, she figured it would be the perfect opportunity to approach him about taking care of his place.

Mom is good at what she does and what better opportunity would there be than to offer her services to a bereaved widower just after he had lost his wife. She had approached him and introduced herself as Monique Tyson and he accepted her offer as a part time housekeeper. When she came home and told me about him, she was obviously more interested in him than just the job.

So I decided to check him out for myself. Mom would never approve of me doing this, but she was so enamoured with him that I couldn't resist. Although mom started work at his home around nine in the morning, and finished up around eleven, he would most often, be gone. I learned that he jogged in the park each morning around seven before returning home to get ready to go to work.

When my mother began going to his place early I suspected she had some sort of plan and I simply had to know what she was up to. She would show up early and make his breakfast and start the coffee then leave, returning later to do her chores. I know he appreciated it and suspected that mom wanted to be more than just his housekeeper.

My mother is a beautiful woman whose only fault is her selection in men. And to compound that, she's somewhat oversexed. When a good looking guy isn't available she spends a good amount of time in her room masturbating. It was obvious that she was on the make again and it was Craig that she wanted because her bedroom activity picked up.

So I started to make a trip to the park a part of my morning routine. The first time I saw him, I knew why mom had the hots for him. At the theatre, we always have good looking actors around but this guy was far above average and I simply had to meet him. It would be impossible to ask mom for an introduction. She's sort of possessive in that respect.

So I generally just sat there and would smile and waive each time he ran by. Soon he would stop and rest for a minute or two and we would chat about the weather or the swans or anything else that I thought safe to talk about. We also exchanged names but although I told him I was Adele, I never let him know that my last name was Tyson.

Even his voice turned me on. I began dressing more provocatively and found that a pair of short shorts that were one size too small seemed to fill the bill. It outlined my tush and when coupled with a snug pull-over that showed my boobs to have erect nipples, I was anxious to see what his reaction would be.

It worked but always the gentleman he would try not to stare. The more he tried not to look, the more excited I became and the more daring. I actually got up the courage to stand up and pretend to stumble against his arm so he had to catch me.

I felt my breast brush against his arm and I suddenly felt my panties get wet. Just the brief brush of his arm on my nipple was exciting me. I thought, "Oh my god if only he would touch me for real. If only he would hold me in his arms I'd go insane."

That afternoon mom called me at work. She asked me to do a favour. She had forgotten to make Craig's bed and wanted me to stop by and take care of it for her. I was floating on air. I imagined all sorts of things happening. Then I got an idea. Several of the costumes in the wardrobe armoire at the rear of the dressing room were very brief and sexy French maid costumes.

The one I selected had a knot chiffon halter baby doll with an apron, a maid's hat and a ruffled back thong. The cheeks of my ass and entire back were exposed. Although I'm a 32B cup I thought my derrière was the best part of the costume. The thong wasn't really visible because it was snugged so deeply in between the cheeks of my ass. I topped it off with a pair of spiked heels. If this didn't catch his attention I didn't know what would.

I held off going home until just before I knew Craig would be coming home. I had put on the most revealing costume in the cabinet and put a raincoat on over it. Then I drove to his house. Mom had given me the combination to the front door and I parked across the street rather than in his driveway.

I let myself in and waited. A half hour later he pulled in and I began my little charade. I heard the front door open then his footsteps coming down the hallway. I had shed my raincoat and now stood bent over the bed making it. My back was deliberately to the door. I wanted to act surprised when he appeared in the doorway.

I don't know who was more surprised, him or me. He was so quiet that I had to look over my shoulder to be sure he was there. I continued to make the bed when he must have recognized me.

"Adele? My god, what are you doing here?"

I turned to face him and sort of wiggled my hips a bit before explaining: "Mom called me and told me she had forgotten to change your bed. So she asked if I would stop in on the way home and do it for her."

Your mother is Monique? You're really her daughter? I didn't even think she was old enough to have a full grown daughter. My god where did you get that outfit? You look good enough to eat."

I thought to myself. "Oh god if only you would. I'd go insane if you ever did that to me."

"Look," he went on, "It's past seven and I was going to ask you if you wanted to go out for dinner, but I don't think you're exactly dressed for it. Would you like it if I opened a bottle of champagne or something and just made some hors d oeuvres? Or something to snack on?"

Actually I had a change of clothes in my car, but this was working out better than I had hoped. I returned his smile and told him to open the champagne while I made the snacks. I walked to the kitchen and wiggled my ass provocatively as he followed me down the hallway. Parting in the living room I went to the kitchen while he went to the bar fridge and took out a cold bottle and poured two glasses.

Sparkling wine is my downfall. I can't handle it very well but I was so much into this play acting thing, that I was damn if I was going to tell him I get looped on champagne.

The snacks were gone, and we had finished almost two magnums of Dom perigon. I directed the conversation most of the evening. Telling him to call me Fi Fi not Adele. I was getting into the play acting thing and felt that since he must have known I was just playing the part, he would overlook my forwardness. It worked but I was not play acting any longer. I wanted him and he was trapped into the scheme and went along with it.

I began by taking my little maid's hat off. Then the garter belt and my two lace gloves. Wanting to have him hold me I suggested we put on some music and dance. If he hadn't been holding me close I would have folded up like a limp rag doll. I was in his arms and he had his right hand in the middle of my bare back. I began straddling his thigh and grinding my pussy against him. I was getting wet and actually began to moan under my breath. I reached behind me and pushed his hand down so it rested on the cheek of my ass.

He began to respond. And I nuzzled my mouth up into the crook of his neck and began kissing him there. He drew me closer and my breasts were flattened against his chest. I again reached back but now I untied the strap that held the top of my outfit up. At my first opportunity, I stepped back far enough so the Chiffon halter dropped down and my bare breasts were exposed.

He pretended not to notice. I couldn't stand it any longer and slid my hands to the front of his shirt and began opening buttons. When the last one had been separated I opened his shirt and pressed my breasts against his bare chest.

I felt his hand press more firmly against the cheek of my ass and I ground my cunt harder against his thigh. I was slippery wet by now and there was no way in the world that he didn't know what was happening to me. The way I was riding his thigh brought my own thigh up between his legs and that's when I knew he was just as excited as I was. His cock was tenting his slacks and I could feel the thick hard shaft pressing against my hip.

We stopped dancing when the song was over and I slid my hands around his neck and drew his mouth to mine. I made no pretence about what I wanted and my lips locked against his, and opening my mouth, I forced my tongue in deep. He drew a breath and his tongue began duelling with mine. Trying to excite myself more I began to rock my breasts back and forth across his chest. My nipples had become points of sensation and were sending signals directly to my twitching pussy.

Mostly because I lost my balance, I pushed Craig back to the sofa and we both fell. Now I was lying on top of him and our mouths were still locked together in a passionate kiss. We both began undressing but since I had almost nothing on, I finished first and began tugging at his slacks. He finished taking his shirt off and now we had our first glimpse of each other.

His abs were like a washboard, strong and taunt. His cock stood up almost as if at attention and I hoped he liked what he saw as I knelt over him. My cunt was puffy and slightly flushed. Freshly shaven and quite wet from my grinding up against his thigh. I was panting slightly and my breasts were home to two pink nipples within small aureoles. Having dared go this far, I was frantic to keep him excited. I didn't want to give him a chance to think twice about what I wanted to happen. A woman's first instinct is to capture his cock in her mouth and make him need her. Later I could let him have me anyway he wanted but right now I wanted his cock in my mouth.

Actually up to that point nothing really intimate had happened and I knew that once I started sucking him off I wasn't going to be satisfied until I had fucked him. Once I put his cock in my mouth and held his heavy balls cupped in the palm of my hand I got this intense twitching deep in my pussy. I wanted him to go down on me. I needed to cum in the worse way and without hesitating I moved so I could suck his cock and still straddle his face so he could do me. What happened next was surreal.

I was bobbing my head up and down like a woodpecker and trying to get as much of his cock down my throat without gagging when he slid his hands over my hips and his palms clutched my ass firmly. He held me a fraction of an inch above his mouth when his tongue came to life.

I gave up even trying to suck him off. I was too engrossed in my own enjoyment. His tongue was like magic and my toes were beginning to curl up. Suddenly he lifted me up and rolled me off him. Then he took me in his arms and we headed down the long hallway. I had assumed we were going to his bedroom but we passed the door and went thru another doorway and he carried me down a flight of stairs and into a dungeon like room.

I was confused but not really frightened at this point. The champagne was still dulling my senses and probably my will to resist as well. Thinking he had decided to play a game of get even, I went along with him when he fastened my wrists to the armrests of a chair using polished silver manacles then my ankles to the chair legs using similar cuffs. The chair had a back that was opened so my ass was exposed.

When he carried me in, the room had been dark, now gas scones along the walls were flickering with gas lights that had ignited automatically. Craig smiled and told me to just wait, and that he'd be back shortly. Leaving, he locked the door, not that I was going anywhere, I was securely bound to the chair.

Looking around the room I was amazed at the array of sex toys and devices that were either fastened to the stone walls or hung from the beams across the ceiling. The whole room was dedicated to providing sexual pleasures of various kinds.

Forty five minutes later I heard the door being unlocked. My mouth dropped open. He had called my mother and brought her to the cell. She wore a long black leather coat cinched at the waist. Craig had put on pants, but not ordinary pants, tight form fitting leather pants. Turning to mom he asked.

'What do you think Monique? I told you she wasn't hurt, just as I promised, I'd wait for you to arrive and punish her. Here, let me help you off with your coat. Then we can begin."

I was humiliated. Being bound to a chair and nude in front of my mother was degrading but when Craig helped mom out of her coat I couldn't believe my eyes. Craig took moms coat and stepped aside. There was my mother wearing a black leather choker/collar with silver spikes, Clover clamps on her nipples with a swaying chain attached. Looking lower she was dressed in crotchless black leather under bust corset that held her 34C breasts exposed and out. Further down I saw her knee high black leather spiked heels.

Even her make-up was Goth. I had never suspected she had this side to her.

Craig handed her a leather whip and she circled me slowly tapping the handle against her palm. Suddenly she paused behind me and then I felt the stinging hot sensation. I bolted up trying to avoid the inevitable. Again the whip slammed against my derrière and again I squealed aloud and bolted. Then she came to stand directly in front of me. Her legs slightly parted, her hands on her hips and the whip dangling down from her clenched fist.

"You little slut. What makes you think you're good enough for him? I told you to just come over and make up his bed, not try to seduce him. Did you think you have what it takes to seduce a real man? You disgust me. Do you think my visits each morning were just to make coffee? My god how stupid you are. You're nothing but a wannabe slut and not a very good one at that."

That really hurt. To find out that my mother was already involved with Craig was humiliating and now I began to be frightened. Not just of Craig but my mother too. She had punished me and told me off so why was I being held here? I found out in short order. Craig brought a device over and pressed it to my pussy. A curved portion entered me and the other part of the C shaped device nestled firmly over my clit. It would be impossible to dislodge, It gripped me firmly pressing against both my G spot and clit. Then he turned the diabolical device on and I felt the most intense erotic sensations imaginable.

Craig left only to reappear again. Now he wheeled a low platform to where mom was standing and locked down the pedestals at each corner. It was actually a rather low bed of sorts. Mom turned and looked at him. Now reaching down she clutched his groin and leaned over wrapping her other arm around his neck. Pulling him to her she kissed him deeply. Moments passed before she tired of the kiss and reaching down began pulling his leathers down. Now he stood before us. Fully stripped he awaited mom's approval. It came in the form of action. Monique knelt on the platform then falling forward she was supported on knees and outstretched arms. She was staring directly at me.

Her breasts were free and the nipple clamps holding the chain tugged at her breasts. Craig stood behind her and I watched her mouth open, almost as if shocked, as he penetrated her. Slowly he swayed his pelvis and his hands held her hips. With each slow, measured thrust, he drew her back onto his cock. The chain swayed beneath her.

I was being mechanically masturbated while being forced to watch my own mother being ravished by Craig, and she was sobbing for more. I don't know if the word Depraved would fit but she was relishing the plunging cock as if there were nothing else in the world at that moment.

She had a look on her face that was sometimes agony, and yet ecstasy. She was beyond reality existing in a surreal world of sensations that were being transmitted visually to me. I began having orgasms that left me breathless and straining at my cuffs. One would hit me and mere seconds later another and still I watched my mom as she twisted and heaved in obvious orgasmic ecstasy. Craig was a satyr and I wanted him. I wanted what he was giving my mother. I needed that hard cock more than life itself at that moment.

I screamed for him to stop. He was fucking my mom and she was beyond herself and I was being milked of all my senses by the wicked device he had clamped to my cunt. And strangely, I wanted what my mother had. I wanted his cock to be inside me, doing exactly what he was doing to her. Not because I wanted to protect her, but because she was getting what I craved.

Over and over she orgasmed and still he pummelled her cunt. After an eternity he suddenly raised his head and stared up, he panted and suddenly spasmed. Short jerking thrusts pumped cum into her twitching body. Not completely spent, he drew out and approached me and holding his thick shaft down, shoved it into my open mouth.

I closed my lips around the thick shaft and sucked hard, gulping down the stringy stream of viscose fluid that continued to spurt in pulsing jets. My mother was slow to recover. Feebly she pushed herself up and stood swaying before me. Not fully recovered her body twitched uncontrollably as the aftershocks of her orgasms subsided.

She looked at Craig almost drunkenly and barked.

"Fuck her! Fuck her hard Craig! It's an order, not a request! Do it! The little slut wants it and I want to watch the little bitch get what she thinks she wants. Although I don't think she really can handle what you have."

Craig kept his cock in my mouth, gently moving his hips back and forth, fucking my mouth slowly. When he was drained he pulled out. I tried to chase it but he moved too far back. Slowly he went to his knees and removed the vibrating device. It came out with a soft salacious popping sound followed by a gentle stream of my own glutinous juices.

As he unfastened the restraints around my ankles, my mother lowered a dangling tangle of leather straps from a T frame suspended from the ceiling. She carefully spread them into a predetermined pattern on the floor. When Craig had finished opening the clasps on my wrists he led me to the Sex swing mom had opened on the floor and they both helped me lay face up on the web of straps. My ass was placed on the widest strap, my legs ankles and upper arms in narrower loops. Another rather wide strap was placed under my shoulders and lastly my wrists were again secured to yet another set of shrouds.

Mom stood back and smiled down at me and whispered.... "You're going to love this, my sweet little baby. We can play spider and the fly all night long if you want. But then my baby might pass out from the pleasures we have planned." Then she turned and nodded to Craig. Suddenly I was being lifted up in the tangle of straps. At a precisely predetermined height mom had him stop and I was now gently swaying back and forth.

The flickering gaslights cast a macabre flickering series of shadows against the stone walls and now Craig moved behind me. Mom came over with a thick floppy black baton and patiently painted one end of it with some sort of clear lubricant. She then moved between my swaying legs and spread me wide. At that point Craig pulled on the two straps supporting my arms and the web now held me almost vertical to the floor. My head, supported only by the strap under my shoulder, hung down.
