 [MFF, anal]

The story thus far: On my trip to Chantelle's new house, I was supposed to see Chantelle and Tom. But Tom had to go out of town, and so instead, I ended up together with Chantelle and her friend Jess. After a day together, we ended up in bed, and we all discovered that Chantelle and Jess liked to play with each other too. Jess made love to Chantelle, then we all explored together until we fell asleep for the night.

----------------------------------------------------

I woke up first the next morning. As I gradually became aware in the dim morning light, I found Jess's arm lying across me, and Chantelle's across her from the other side. I gently disentangled myself and padded to the bathroom.

I thought I was successful at not waking anyone up as I used the toilet and then started to brush my teeth. Then I sensed Chantelle slide into the bathroom behind me. Her smaller frame behind me was almost hidden by my body in our reflection, and she hugged my back, putting her arms around me and pulling herself close. As I finished brushing, she let go of me and sat on the toilet. She showed no modesty (she never had for this), and as I turned to look at her across the bathroom, her eyes locked on mine. I couldn't really see anything between her legs, but as she looked at me and saw me looking back, she spread her legs a bit wider.

My stomach tightened as I heard her peeing, and I felt a rush of blood to my cock. She raised one eyebrow at me as she glanced down at my cock, seeing it twitch. She patted herself with some toilet paper and flushed before coming over to me. Taking my half-hard cock in her hand, she leaned up for a quick kiss and murmured, "I didn't know you were interested?" The look on my face must have answered her half question as she gave me a tug. "Hmm," she murmured. "We'll have to see about that sometime." Then she let go and turned me toward the door. "I'll be right back."

As Chantelle remained in the bathroom, I climbed back into bed next to Jess. She was still asleep, and I tried not to wake her, just giving her a small kiss on the forehead. Chantelle climbed into bed next to me a moment later and I turned toward her, pulling her naked body against me. We kissed, and what began as just a hug and a small kiss gradually became more. Her naked skin was very warm as she pressed against me, and we began to press together more closely, maximizing how much of us was in contact. Reaching down, she took my cock in her hand and stroked it briefly, angling it to point up between us as we lay on our sides.

Kissing Chantelle always turned me on, and this morning was no exception. My cock was soon fully hard as we pressed up against each other. I began to move against her, my cock feeling very good as it rubbed against her, even with all of our sex the night before. She threw a leg over me as we tried to bring as much of our skin as we could into contact. I rubbed my hand down her back and ass, squeezing her cheek and pulling her against me. The tips of my fingers could just reach the back of her pussy to separate her lips, and I could feel heat and a hint of moisture coming from inside.

Chantelle raised her leg a little further and slid upward so that the head of my cock could slip between her legs. I could feel my head rubbing over her clit and lips, and when I pushed upward, I could feel my cock start to slide inside her. With the angle laying on our side, it wasn't easy to penetrate, and my head mostly just teased between her lips. Finally, I was able to go a little deeper as I slid my body back up. "Ohhhhh..." Chantelle made a small, almost breathless sound as my cock finally slid halfway into her.

We moved together while laying on our sides for a minute, and then we just mutually rolled over so that Chantelle was on top. Her pussy was warm, and smooth, and as she moved up a little and then down again, I finally slid inside her to the hilt. We settled into a slow rhythm as she lay above me. Reaching up, Chantelle pinned my hands above the pillow with one hand, sliding up and down on my cock as she kissed me. Although I couldn't do much to help her, I twisted my hips against her pubic bone as she moved, eliciting a small gasp. But mostly Chantelle just moved against me at a nice, slow pace, both of us enjoying the slow movements and the shivers they invoked.

I had almost forgotten about Jess lying next to us. But as I brought my arm back down, I suddenly ran into Jess's arm and found that she was rubbing Chantelle's ass. Glancing over, I saw that Jess was on her side, watching us. I froze, suddenly embarrassed. "Sorry, Jess," I murmured. "We didn't mean to wake you. We got carried away!" Chantelle looked over at Jess too as we paused.

"It was a little hard to sleep with you two there moving around. But it was probably time to wake up anyway." She smiled sleepily and leaned over and kissed us each once. "Don't let me stop you. I was just watching... and enjoying it. Nice way to wake up."

"Are you sure? We really didn't mean to wake you!"

"No, really, it's just fine!" Jess gave Chantelle a small playful slap on the ass, causing Chantelle to jump, but then Jess began to rub her ass where she'd slapped her. "I want to see where this goes." At Jess's urging, Chantelle began moving slowly above me again.

At first Jess kept her hand on Chantelle, rubbing her lower back and ass. As our pace picked up, Jess took her hand off Chantelle and put it back under the sheet that was mostly covering her. I saw her eyes close briefly before she opened them again to look at us, and I imagined what she must be doing. Oh god, I thought, she really is enjoying it. My cock hardened even more inside Chantelle. I reached toward Jess, sliding my hand under the sheet to touch her leg, and then to run it up her body toward her pussy. But she stopped me, grasping my hand and pulling it away. I could feel wetness on my skin where she had touched me. "No," she said. You do that... I'll do this."

"OK. But," my voice caught in my throat. "But, then we want to watch too." My voice was tight in my throat. Jess smiled and looked at me for a second, then pulled back the cover. I knew she was naked, but the sight of her just lying naked, exposing her body, with her hand on her pussy, took my breath away. Her round breasts... her dark nipples... Jess rearranged a couple of pillows, turning her body toward us before she trailed her hand seductively down her body. There was no doubt where it was going, but she paused to run a finger around one nipple, and then the other, watching us watch her. She shivered as she did this, and when she was done, both nipples had become very hard.

Jess propped up one leg to open herself, and then her hand continued downward. Her middle finger reached the bottom of her slit, and then slowly disappeared between her lips as she dipped it inside and then brought it upward to massage her clit. I began to thrust into Chantelle a bit faster again as I watched Jess. Turning to kiss Chantelle, I found her watching Jess too, and we continued to watch as we fucked.

Jess began to breathe more heavily as she watched us. I could see her rubbing her clit, and her finger was going in and out of her vagina. I know she couldn't see us as well as we could see her, but something about watching us even that much really seemed to turn her on. Her growing excitement, and the sight of her fingers on, and in, her pussy, just brought me on that much faster. I murmured to Chantelle, "I'm not going to last much longer."

"That's OK. Come, baby, just come in me." Chantelle occasionally liked to talk dirty, and I took my cue from this, and from Jess watching us.

"Do you want me to come in you? Do you?"

"Yes, Dave, I want you to come. Come inside my pussy. Do it."

"You want me to come deep in your pussy?"

"Yes, come in my pussy. Deep. Please, now, now."

"And later, I'll come in you again? Do you want that? You want me to come in you, in you everywhere?"

"Yes, baby, I want you in all of me. In all my holes. I want you to fill me up. Come now. Come now, baby!" Her voice sounded desperate, demanding. Chantelle loved watching me and answering my questions, almost bouncing on me as I thrust up into her.

Jess's eyes were wide as she listened to us and watched Chantelle move up and down on me, and her hand was moving frantically at her pussy. I turned back and kissed Chantelle hard, pushing fast and deep, feeling my orgasm starting. A few more thrusts and then with a long groan, I gave one last thrust and came deep inside Chantelle. As I began to come, I could feel Jess stiffen next to us and moan, her own orgasm hitting too. I thought I could actually feel the heat and wetness of my first spurt splash off the back of Chantelle's pussy, and then I resumed my upward thrusting into her, moaning with each pulse. Jess's orgasm seemed to intensify my own, and we both continued to come for what seemed like minutes.

I finally stopped moving and collapsed back, out of breath. Chantelle slid off me on Jess's side, her leg still draped over mine, but giving me some breathing room. After another minute I was able to move my head enough to just barely lean over to kiss Chantelle. "Sorry baby -- I didn't mean to come without you." She laughed softly, kissing me back.

"It's OK. I'll have my turn. You look like you got worn out!"

Chantelle rolled onto her back and I turned onto my side, pressing against her as I reached across to pull Jess back in towards us as we caught our breath. Jess moved close, pressing her body against Chantelle and kissing her, then leaning across Chantelle to kiss me. She propped herself up on one elbow, head on her hand, and draped one leg over Chantelle's as we pressed her between us. Chantelle looked at her quizzically. "Did you like watching?"

"Mmm-hmm. You two were hot," Jess answered simply. Chantelle and I both smiled.

"Well you were too!" Chantelle pulled Jess in for another kiss. But one kiss became two, and three, and the small initial kiss turned into a continuous string of small kisses. Chantelle hadn't come, and I could tell she was still horny by the way she now started kissing Jess. Chantelle rolled and shifted her body toward Jess as they kissed, pulling her leg out from under Jess's to swing it back over, trapping Jess's leg between hers. As they continued, I could feel Chantelle shift to push her pussy against Jess.

Jess broke their kiss. "You didn't come, did you? Even with all that talking? Who would have thought you liked that!" She brought up one hand to cup Chantelle's breast, running her thumb over the nipple.

Chantelle blushed. "Not that time. Or at least... not yet."

Jess smiled. "Well, it's your turn then." Jess pulled Chantelle closer against her. Chantelle began to rock her body, pressing her pussy against Jess's thigh. Jess reached down to grab Chantelle's ass, pulling her in rhythm.

After a minute, Jess disengaged, leaving Chantelle lying on her back. She began to move down Chantelle's body, pausing to suck each nipple, but quickly continuing down. Jess planted kisses under Chantelle's breasts, over her belly, and lower on her thighs, circling in toward the top of Chantelle's pubis. Jess had moved downward on the bed, and now Chantelle pushed herself up as Jess approached her pussy, propping herself on her pillows. Jess gently pushed Chantelle's legs to the sides, and suddenly she was lying between Chantelle's open legs. Jess looked up at Chantelle, who was staring down at Jess's face between her legs, one of her hands caressing Jess's head. I slid down as well, taking my own turn at Chantelle's breast. Taking her nipple into my mouth, I swirled my tongue, feeling it harden from the stimulation. Using my teeth, I gave her a nibble and then a harder nip, hearing her gasp. Then I started to slide down to where Jess was.

Jess was still looking up into Chantelle's eyes, but now she dipped her head down and planted a small kiss just above Chantelle's nether lips. Chantelle let out a small sound and Jess kissed again, slightly lower, then again. Jess stuck out her tongue theatrically and traced a small line up and around Chantelle's clit, moving from one side to the other. She inched down further and dipped her head lower, and this time when she put out her tongue, it went between Chantelle's lips. I couldn't see exactly where it went. But I could tell when it touched Chantelle because her eyes fluttered closed before reopening. Chantelle's stomach was rising and falling rapidly as she breathed heavily in anticipation.

"Mmmm," murmured Jess, lifting her head again and kissing the top of Chantelle's lips. "You taste salty."

"Oh, god," Chantelle groaned. "I probably do."

"You taste like Dave. Do you know that?"

"Yes."

"You know what I'm going to do, don't you? After Dave came in you?"

Chantelle locked eyes with Jess. "Yes. Please?"

"Do you want me to eat you now? After he was in you?"

"Oh, god, yes. Please. Please, Jess!"

"It's very dirty, Chantelle. To want me to eat your pussy after you fucked him." It was exactly the right thing to say to Chantelle.

"Oh shit. Yes. It is. Please, eat me." Chantelle groaned, arching her hips upward towards Jess.

Giving a last smile, Jess licked her lips teasingly once more before lowering her face directly to Chantelle's pussy to start eating her in earnest. Chantelle let out an incoherent sound, and I could see that Jess was sucking Chantelle's clit into her mouth. Moving down with my head as close as I could put it to watch, I could see Jess moving her face from Chantelle's clit down to the bottom of her slit. As she paused with her mouth right over Chantelle's opening, I knew Jess was putting her tongue inside, tasting my cum. She lifted her head back up and I could see her tongue sliding up between Chantelle's lips as she ran it up and over her clit.

Chantelle had her head back, lifting her hips and almost shaking as Jess lapped at her, moving upward and downward from her clit to her pussy. I brought my mouth down further, and Jess tilted her head up to kiss me. I tasted Chantelle's juices on her lips and tongue, and a hint of a distinctive salty flavor. I knew I was tasting my own cum, along with Jess.

I pulled back so that Jess could return to working on Chantelle's pussy in earnest, sliding all the way down the bed to kneel next to Jess's ass so that I could start touching her in turn. I ran my hand down over her lower back, over her leg, down to where I could cup her pretty ass cheeks. As I brought my hand back towards the inside of her leg, Jess pulled one leg up to allow me access, and I began stroking her from the back, running my fingers over her lips. I was able to slip between her lips easily, and then deeper, with no resistance. Jess was still very wet, and I spread her juices down over her clit as I stroked downward.

I leaned over her and planted a kiss on each of her ass cheeks. Using both hands, I separated her, looking between her cheeks to find her rosebud, and then spreading her further down, opening the lips of her pussy. Jess raised her hips slightly, still licking Chantelle. I inserted one finger deep into her pussy, and then pulled it out to slide in two. I could feel her pushing back against them. It took a moment, but soon both fingers were in deep. Moving my fingers, I could feel the bump of her gspot, and began to caress her internally.

As I fingered Jess from behind, I began to kiss the small of her back, moving towards her ass. As I began kissing her ass cheeks, she shifted again and raised herself up on her knees, presenting her pussy and ass to me fully. I could see her swollen lips and her puckered asshole, and I paused for a moment to notice that it was darker than Chantelle's pink starfish.

Removing my fingers from her pussy, I leaned over to give her pussy a lick from the back. I slid my tongue between her lips, pushing it into her as far as I could as I moved my wet fingers to her clit. I pushed my tongue in and out, and wiggled it around as I rubbed her. Then I slid my tongue upward towards her rosebud as I continued to move my fingers on her clit. I ran my tongue around her asshole and up the crack of her ass, then moved to the side to place small kisses on her cheeks again. Teasing her further, I ran my tongue down the crack of her ass and jumped over her rosebud to return it to her pussy. I returned my fingers to her pussy, sliding them back into her for lubrication, then moving back to circular movements on her clit.

I began to run my tongue around the edge of Jess's asshole, rimming her and then moving finally moving to her center. I continued to rub Jess's clit while I covered her rosebud with the flat of my tongue. I returned my fingers to Jess's pussy, pushing my fingers into her as I tightened my tongue to push it into her ass. I could feel her ass open slightly as I penetrated, just a little, into her. I could hear Jess moan into Chantelle's pussy, so I continued to alternate between licking around the wrinkled edges of her rosebud and pushing in, all the while moving my fingers between her pussy and her clit. I could feel her relaxing, my tongue pushing deeper into her forbidden orifice as she pushed her tongue into Chantelle.

Jess had managed not to lose her focus on Chantelle, and as I had expected, it didn't take very long for Chantelle to approach orgasm. When I glanced up from Jess's ass, I saw that Chantelle's head was back and her chest was heaving as she tangled her fingers in Jess's hair to pull her tight against her. Jess had reached up and had one of Chantelle's breasts in her hand, her other fingering Chantelle's pussy as Chantelle pulled Jess's face against her pussy. Chantelle began to moan, and I could see her free hand clutching at the sheets. Then she convulsed, coming against Jess's mouth, her hips arching as she , crying softly, "Jess, oh... oh yes..."

As Chantelle's thrusts slowed, Jess pulled her face from between Chantelle's legs and laid it, gasping, on her thigh. Her face was glistening with our combined juices, but her eyes were closed. Without needing to work on Chantelle, Jess was able to focus just on what I was doing to her. I continued to lick her asshole, moving my fingers inside her pussy, and sometimes reaching down to rub her clit. After a few minutes, as I had my fingers in her pussy, she reached back between her legs and began to rub her own clit. "Oh, god," she murmured softly, her head pillowed against Chantelle. Chantelle was stroking her hair and watching me, but now she slid down, reaching up to rub Jess's pussy, freeing Jess's hand so she could support herself better. I pushed my tongue further into Jess's ass and pushed my fingers as deep into her as I could, Chantelle rubbing her from underneath, and she let out a further moan. Then she looked back and me and said, "Dave, I want you to fuck me."

Oh, my. I wanted to fuck Jess too, but my cock wasn't quite hard enough. "I'd like to... But... you need to give me a minute." I took my cock in my hand, hoping my touch would bring it back to life.

"Oh, poor baby," Chantelle reached under Jess to touch my balls. "Are you too tired?"

"No! At least, I hope not! I might just need some encouragement."

Jess dropped from her hands and knees to lie on her side, Chantelle now kneeling on the other side of her. I lay down on my side too, my half-erect cock facing them. Both women reached out to take my cock in their hands, starting to caress me, working to make me ready. 

Chantelle ran her hand down over my balls, and reaching back as far as she could. I half rolled over and propped my leg up, giving her better access to reach further. Her fingers brushed over the ridge below my balls, and worked their way back towards my ass. My cock gave a little jerk as I felt her finger stroke around my asshole. I shifted towards her to allow her more access, but the angle wasn't very good as I leaned in to kiss Jess.
