 [MMF, Anal]

tag: I get together with Chantelle and Tom

The story to now: My friend Chantelle and I had a lot of sexual conversations over a couple of years during work trips (see the Prologue). She had a great sex drive and was very open-minded, but for some reason didn't own a vibrator. She moved away with her boyfriend Tom, but during one return visit, her complaint about his absence led us to stop at an adult store and buy her a vibrator for the first time. Even with all her experience, Chantelle said she was a little nervous about using it, and I turned that nervousness into a chance to teach her how to use it (Chapter 1). In turn, she learned to use it on me, and we ended up in a great 69 (Chapter 2). That was the only time Chantelle and I ever got together, and it was over a year ago.

---------------------------------------------

"I understand I owe you some thanks," said Tom as started to grab a scoop of nachos from the plate in the middle of the table.

"Really?" I looked at him quizzically. "For what?"

He glanced around the restaurant, then leaned in close. "For Chantelle's vibrator."

I felt the blood drain from my face, and I choked.

As Tom pounded my back and the folks at the next table looked on, I thought about what might have led to that comment. My good friend Chantelle had moved to the southwest with Tom more than two years ago. Although Chantelle came back for occasional visits, they were usually pretty short. But on her last visit a year ago, we had a major encounter where I bought her a vibrator and taught her to use it.

Chantelle and Tom had invited me to dinner tonight while they were back visiting again. It was only the second time I'd really been out with them. Two days ago, Chantelle had stopped in my office with Tom to tell me she was back in town, and I had suggested we all go grab a beer. One beer became 3 or 4, followed by a few games of pool, and a lot of good conversation. I was pretty nervous at first, since the last time I'd seen Chantelle we ended up in a 69, and I assumed Tom didn't know about it. I tried to keep my mind off that while we were at the bar, and it really was great to see Chantelle. I was surprised at how well Tom and I hit it off, too. All we really had in common was Chantelle, but apparently that was enough.

To my surprise, Chantelle had called me at work again yesterday, said that Tom had really enjoyed our night out, and asked me if I'd like to have dinner with them.

I barely had to think about it. "Sure, I have no plans. Actually, I'm flying solo at home because everyone else is out of town for the long weekend. I'd be happy to. We didn't get enough time to talk yesterday. Although Tom will be there, so I'll still have to keep it clean. Wink, wink, nudge, nudge, know what I mean?" Chantelle laughed: she was one of the only people I knew who got Monty Python references.

"Oh, I don't think you need to worry about keeping it too clean. Trust me."

Trust me? What did that mean? "Uh, OK, but I'll still behave, although I'm sure it'll be hard."

"I'm sure too, hah, hah. See you tomorrow at 6 at Friday's?"

"OK, it's a date, see you there."

When I arrived at the restaurant, Chantelle and Tom were sitting at the bar. Chantelle was dressed in a short jean skirt and black tank, and jumped up to run over. She gave me a very big hug that I was not expecting, and a little pat on the butt. What was that about? A butt pat? Hmm. I guess Tom is more flexible than I thought if she can get away with that.

I settled in, and we again had a lot of fun talking. Since we were in public, not to mention with Tom, I didn't get to talk to Chantelle about her sex life very much. When got up to move to our table, though, Tom went to use the bathroom and I took the chance to not-so-subtly remind her of what we had gotten up to before.

"Still using your toys after your last trip?"

"Why am I not surprised that you're curious? Well, they've gotten a work out in more ways than you know," She replied, winking at me. Intriguing, I thought. She leaned over, putting her hand on my thigh, and whispered "and you were right, Tom likes them too." She straightened. "But I don't need them on this trip." Tom came back right then, so I had no chance to follow up, and I figured that was as much as I'd learn about that. But it sounded like teaching Chantelle had worked out rather well.

Tom and I continued to hit it off. We fell into "stupid guy mode" for a while, making under-our-breath comments about a couple of hot (read: slutty) young women at the bar. After Chantelle figured out what we were saying about the DD profile of the one woman, she hit us both, and said "Don't either one of you think I'm getting something like that! You'll learn to live with something a little smaller than that." She stuck out her chest, and her B-cups, toward us. Either one of us? Tom and I started comparing our taste in breasts while Chantelle glared at us until we both agreed that going big and fake was not something she should do. I remember thinking again that Tom was a pretty relaxed guy. How many people would be OK with sitting there talking about the size of their girlfriend's tits?

About then our nachos arrived, and we started to dig in. Chantelle excused herself to go pee while we loaded up our plates. Once she was gone, I remarked to Tom, "She looks really great tonight. You're a lucky guy."

"Yes, I am. Glad you think so too."

"Yeah, I do."

And that's when he dropped the bombshell.

"I understand I owe you some thanks."

"Really?" I looked at him quizzically. I had no idea what he was talking about. "For what?"

He glanced around the restaurant, then leaned in close. "For Chantelle's vibrator."

I felt the blood drain from my face, and commenced choking on my nachos. After he pounded on my back and I recovered my composure, I finally looked at him. "Uh, sorry?" Real intelligent. And panicked.

"Her vibrator. She told me about how she bought it on her last trip here. I have to tell you, it's been great."

"Uh huh." WTF? What exactly did she tell him? "I, uh. Um. Good. Glad it's worked out."

He laughed at what must have been a pained expression on my face. "Dude, it's OK, it's cool. I didn't mind. She needs every bit of entertainment she can get. I can barely keep up as it is."

I started breathing a little easier. But only a little. "Hard to keep up with her. Uh, yeah. I can see that. She's um, yeah. I guess you're still trying to keep up, right? I'm sure it's fun trying."

"Oh yeah, for sure. But she's got a lot of things she wants. I'll tell you, I'm pretty good, but I can't do it all." Can't do it all? Was I going to end up having the same conversations with Tom I had with Chantelle?

After Chantelle came back to the table, we chowed on our nachos for a while, and then Tom excused himself to wash his hands. As soon as he was gone, I leaned over to Chantelle and hissed, "What did you tell him?? He knows I bought you a vibrator! What else does he know about??"

Chantelle put her hand on my arm. "Relax - he only knows that you suggested it. Although I don't think he would have minded the lesson, even. He might have liked hearing about it. We've had some pretty hot conversations. And he likes to experiment."

I was still a little ticked about being blindsided by Tom. But this sounded intriguing. "Experimenting?"

"Yup. So we've used the vibrator all the ways you and I did before. We still haven't gotten my friend Jess to join us yet, but we've talked about what it would be like. And we've talked about every possible fantasy we can think of. It's made for some veeerry exciting evenings. The stuff you taught me was worth it."

"He must be pretty open-minded."

"Oh, yeah. I've made sure of that." Chantelle took a swallow of her drink. "You know I told you about the threesome I gave my boyfriend for a birthday present, years ago?"

"Damn right I remember! It was one of the most exciting stories you told me on all those trips."

"Tom offered to give me the same thing."

"Huh?"

"We were talking about that threesome, and kind of fooling around..."

"Kind of?"

"OK, we were seriously fooling around. He wanted to know every detail."

"Yeah, me too."

"After that he asked if I'd ever been with two guys. I haven't, you know. Then he asked me if I ever thought about it."

"And?"

"You know how you told me all guys fantasize about two girls? Well, I don't know about all of us, but I definitely like the idea."

"Wow. Nice that he offered. Have you taken him up on it?"

"Not yet. Maybe soon, though. He told me it would all be for me, since it was my present. And I think it would be fun." She gave me a devilish smile. "We're looking into possibilities. All he said was that we'd have to agree on who. Do you think that's weird?"

Lucky bastard. "Hell no. You deserve to have some more fun. Do you want a guy to do Tom too? That might be harder to arrange."

"No, he's not really interested, and I really just want them to do me." Then Chantelle realized what she'd blurted out, and looked a little embarrassed. "Wait, that came out wrong..."

I laughed. "No it didn't! I have the feeling you probably know exactly what you want from this."

"Well, there's a few things I have in mind."

"If you do the directing, I'll bet Tom and this other guy would be happy to do whatever you want."

At this point I realized that Tom had been gone a long time while we were huddled up, and I wondered where he was.

"Oh, I think he went to the bar to get another beer." Looking over, we saw him there. "Let me go talk to him for a minute, be right back."

"K."

Chantelle went over to the bar for a minute, talking to Tom intently. I saw her snuggle up and get a hug, whispering something in his ear. He looked at her, glanced at me, and nodded. I saw him leave some money on the counter, then they both came back to the table.

"Hey, Dave, can you give me a ride home? Tom needs to head back, and we still need to pay the bill."

That's weird, but making some time with Chantelle? "Sure, no problem. Tom, great to see you again, maybe I'll see you on your next trip."

"Yah Dave. Or you might see me sooner than you think." For some reason, Chantelle gave him a glare, and pushed him toward the door. We sat back down to pay the bill.

Chantelle turned to me then and asked, "So tell me what you think, do you like Tom?"

"Yeah, he seems cool. I know why you like him. I think you made a good choice there. Gotta say, though, I didn't think I'd hit it off so well with him. He's easy to hang out with."

"You guys do seem to get along well. The other night he told me that he liked hanging out with you too." Chantelle seemed to be getting kind of fidgety as she asked me what I thought about Tom. We finally got our check, and dug around for the right change to leave. Just as we were about to get up, Chantelle blurted out,

"I, uh, I need to ask you about helping me out with one other thing, though."

"Sure, anything, just name it."

"Ok, Um. Well, let's go outside." Outside?

We got into my car. "Tom and I agreed that he would leave so I could ask you this." What was this about? "I was telling you about the threesome Tom offered me? We've been trying to figure out who to ask." You don't mean...Oh my. "Tom gave me the OK for this back at the bar. You guys hit it off so well that..." Chantelle took a deep breath and leaned in towards me. "Dave, I know you are just giving me a ride, but...do you want to join us tonight?"

He shoots. He scores.

---------------------------

After Chantelle issued her invitation, I stared at her for a second. Her eyes were darting around, alternately looking at my face and away. She's this nervous? Instead of answering I leaned over and gave her a big kiss. I also gave her a small grope. "Dave!" She squealed, smacking my hand away.

"Just trying to show you how I feel about this idea."

"Hmph. Well, if you put it that way... let's try this again." When I leaned in for a kiss this time, Chantelle took my hand and brought it to her breast. "Feel familiar?"

"It's been so long, I almost forgot. Let me see if I can remember." I reached down and under Chantelle's shirt, running my hand up her to find that she wasn't wearing a bra. Her nipple hardened quickly, while I kissed her, and I ran my hand to the other side. "I remember the last time I played with these."

"I do too." She licked up the side of my neck while I fondled her, and then reached into my lap. "I remember when I played with this guy too." Then she said softly, "I'm ready to play more."

"I'll bet you're ready. Hmm, let's see..." I took my hand out from under her shirt and ran it down to her bare leg. Placing it on the inside of her thigh, I slowly ran it up under her skirt while watching her face. I was expecting either that she'd stop me, or I'd soon run into her panties. Neither happened. Instead, I found myself touching skin at the very top of her leg where it joined her body. Smooth skin. And wet.

"Chantelle, you're not wearing panties!" And you shaved.

"Oh, really?? How'd that happen? Actually, I figured, special occasion." She leaned in to nibble my ear, and whispered, "Why don't you consider it an invitation?" Then she leaned back. "But - you haven't answered my question."

Considering her invitation, I began stroking her. Her lips parted slightly, and I quickly found my fingers coated with her juices. "You are ready."

"Uhm. Always." Unable to resist, I continued to stroke Chantelle. She made no move to stop me, but now was just staring straight into my eyes. "Dave - answer?"

"Yes, Chantelle, I'll join you." A small shudder of relief went through her, and she visibly relaxed. "Do you think I'd keep doing this if the answer was no?"

"I have no idea. I might have a hard time stopping you even if the answer was no."

"I'd take that." I continued to stroke her, dipping my fingers into her and rubbing over her clit.

"We just have one small issue, Dave. Where can we go?"

"What do you mean, where can we go?"

"We're staying at my Mom's. And she's out, but still, I haven't sex there since highschool."

"It's kind of a mess, but do you want to come to my place? Everybody else is out of town this weekend."

"Oh, that would be much better." She grabbed her purse and got our her cellphone. "Let me tell Tom." She dialed, and I slowed my stroking on her clit while she told him to meet us at my place and gave him the address. "There, that's done."

"So tell me, little Miss Threesome, what exactly do you want us to do you tonight?"

"Hmm, well, I'm sure you'll figure something out."

"I'm sure we will, but give me some hints. I know we'll be able to make you very happy. It's your birthday present, after all."

She sighed against my neck as my fingers pressed more deeply into her. "What do I want...I want it all. I've thought about everything two guys can do to a gal. I want both of you, at the same time."

"Both of us, huh. How?" I looked at her, and she looked back.

"Every way. Any way you want." She whispered.

"Any way?"

"Yes."

I whispered in Chantelle's ear. "I know you remember last summer." She nodded, distractedly. "Chantelle - if you tell me anything - I'm going to want everything." As I said this I pushed my fingers into her. One finger had also slipped below and was touching her asshole, and I wiggled it too. She gasped.

"Mm, yes, Dave, it's all yours."

Phew. I could actually do this. I could finish what we started last summer.

Then car lights swept over us. Oops. I'd totally forgotten that we were still in the parking lot. "We'd better get going. We can, uh, talk more on the way." I took my fingers out and licked them, then started the car.

It took us 20 minutes or so to get back to my place. Each time we came to a stoplight, I'd reach over and run my hand up Chantelle's leg, and she'd feel my cock through my pants. It was never long enough to get anything other than a good tease, but that was enough.

When we got there, Tom was waiting in the driveway. He grinned when he saw both of us get out of the car. He gave Chantelle a quick hug, walked over and shook my hand again, and said, "Glad you decided to come! I was getting anxious." We walked inside and into the living room.

"With an invitation like the one I got, I couldn't say no."

"Oh?" He cocked his eyebrow at us.

Chantelle was standing next to me. "A very nice invitation. In fact..." I took Chantelle's hand in mine. "I can show you. But Tom... are you sure about this?"

Tom looked at me holding Chantelle's hand, looked in her face, then looked me in the eye and simply said, "Yes."

"Then let me show you the invitation I got." I moved and stood right behind Chantelle, both of us facing Tom. I put my hands around her waist, and pulled her back against me. I put my head over her shoulder so I could watch Tom, and slowly slid my hands up over her shirt to her breasts. Tom watched, and didn't say anything. So I slid my hands back down and then back up, but this time under her shirt. I began playing with Chantelle's nipples, which hardened immediately. Tom could clearly see what I was doing, and he backed up a step to sit on the edge of the couch. I was sure there was a bulge forming in his jeans. I kissed the side of Chantelle's neck, still watching Tom to be sure there was no problem. Her neck was flushed, and I could hear her breath already starting to be heavier. She'd gotten pretty worked up in the car, and this was rekindling her pretty fast.

"Lift your arms," I whispered to Chantelle, and she did. I pulled off her shirt in one motion, and then reached back around and took one breast in each hand again.

I looked at Tom. "First my invitation included these." I caressed Chantelle's round flesh, pulling her hard nipples between my thumb and forefinger, but then cupping under them as if I was offering them to Tom. "And it was very nice." I resumed playing, with Tom's eyes glued to her. "But then I found something even better. Sit down, and I'll show you."

Tom sat down hard on the couch, and I walked Chantelle over to stand in front of him, just a few feet away.

I slid my hands down Chantelle's side to the bottom of her skirt. She was looking down on Tom, and his gaze moved down from her face, over her chest, to my hands. I started slowly lifting her skirt, and Chantelle stood very still, just letting me expose her bit by bit. I slowly pulled her skirt up further until she was completely visible. I held up her skirt with one hand, and slid my other hand over the front of her thigh towards her pussy. "I found this, and it was warm. And wet." As I said this, I slid my finger slowly down the crease between her leg and mound, over her lips, between her legs, and then I pulled up and in. She moved her left leg to the side a little bit, giving me better access. Her lips parted easily, and I slid between them and into her center. If it was possible, she was even wetter than before.

I was leaning over Chantelle a bit to be able to reach, and was able to glance at her face. Chantelle had closed her eyes when I pressed between her lips. I gave her a few gentle strokes, then brought my finger up to my lips and made a show of licking it. Chantelle turned to look at me as I did this, her eyes a little glazed. Her mouth was close to mine, and her lips slightly parted, and so I presented my finger to her too. She sucked it into her mouth, making a little noise as she did so. I gave her a small kiss, and looked at Tom to be sure he was still OK. He was staring at us, looking like he was just taking it all in.
