 I had planned on a mundane day catching up with some work but it turned out to be quite different than I could ever have imagined. Quite different. 

It was near the end of the school year, just a month to go, and things were starting to pile up. As an young but somewhat experienced teacher I knew it was best to get caught up now because otherwise I'd get buried during the torrid last few weeks of the session. 

I didn't really like being at the school on a Sunday, especially a beautiful early Spring Sunday, but I had no choice if I were to keep my sanity a few weeks from now. Plus, I didn't have much else going on, I had to admit, on the personal side so sometimes I used work as a distraction - especially when I was horny. Yes, darn it... HORNY! Again. And that made it diffficult to focus - maybe that's why my assignments piled up? A vicious circle.

The sun was shining on a beautiful mid-morning as a few puffy clouds floated aimlessly above. A refreshing breeze caught my hair through the car's open window as I pulled into the nicely maintained Garfield Middle School parking lot. I'd been in the parking lot on Saturdays for various events but never on a Sunday. Heck, I hadn't even passed by the parking lot on a Sunday - at least as far back as I could remember. I worked so many hours - the burden of an active teacher and coach, certainly, but sometimes I didn't have much need to be at home either - so being in that building on a Sunday wasn't condusive to my sanity. So why was I showing up on a day like this? Was I loony, lonely or dedicated to my profession? Maybe all three. But if I was, I wasn't the only one. 

Another car was parked in the lot. I recognized it as Jon Emerson Tate's red sedan - not exactly a sexy car but Jon seemed to be a pragmatist in every way, including his teaching style. I didn't know Jon very well even though we'd been teaching for two years on the same faculty. Typical of any place of business, some people we get to know while others we never break that barrier. 

Oh, well, it was doubtful I'd even see him. As a math teacher his rooms were at the other end of the North hall from mine. Kinda like all the men in my life. Shit. So we rarely ran into each other unless it was in the teacher's lounge or lunch duty. That was about it. He was well-regarded by students but not the most beloved teacher nor the least admired. Just an average guy. He was considered a by-the-book teacher but once-in-awhile threw in some creative ideas - at least the ones I heard during some of our all-faculty meetings. He was a fairly quiet guy and in pretty good shape. But he didn't stick out in the crowd like that hunk Dez Owens, who taught history and coached a few sports. Dez, mmmmm...Dez I had some thoughts about and they weren't always professional.

But most of what I knew about Jon came from my teaching pal (and sanity-checker!) Cassie Rose O'Halloran who, while downing a few drinks as we sprawled out on the living room floor of her house a few weeks ago, called Jon "...a boring guy like a long calculus problem!" and "...dresses like he's headed for a job interview at some prep school". Like me Cass was newly single but that night we both agreed our colleagues and other educators in our town of Langford weren't exactly "ripe for the pickin". Except for Dez and he was spoken for - a couple of times already!

That night we took just about every man we both knew through the proverbial ringer - it was laugh-til-we-cried fun...but rather depressing by the end. As we ran down the list of men each one of them came under our drunken scrutiny. Cassie especially took pot shots at poor Jon. I came to his defense, sorta, since he was handsome enough and always kind to me but she rattled on about him having a short "slide ruler" and living "in his mother's attic". I figured she was just venting and considering her ex-, I knew why. Actually, Jon sort of looked like Cass's Peter but without the constant scowl. Peter, what a dickhead. Jon definitely was no Peter. But, then again, I didn't know much about Jon. Not really.

I thought about that late-night, alcohol-fueled conversation as I walked into my office. Hmmm, now poor Jon is here on the weekend working. If he was so pathetic what did that make me on this day? 

So my plan was to get into the office and focus on work for four hours - max! - I promised myself. 

Entering the rather spartan office I set my briefcase and work-bag onto the desk. The room was sufficient in size but not exactly large. I kept it in good order, unlike some of my cohorts. I took advantage of the space and it helped me keep a clear mind, too. It was a little muggy in the office with the air system turned down to minimal, so I slipped off my pumps and settled in to concentrating. I definitely wasn't dressed for school, I thought. I had on a blue soccer-style t-shirt, no bra, and light work-out pants. My hair was wrapped up in a frilly bow to keep it out of my way. I had work to do and no one would see me anyway. So I focused on the tasks at hand.

It was really quiet and that got to me after awhile. It was so quiet. I needed some background noise, being so used to the constant clattering and chattering of a fully-functional school. And I was getting thirsty, too. Last thing I needed was another distraction so I put down my pen and closed my laptop screen. I had forgotten to bring my little boombox radio but figured I could just "borrow" someone else's radio and also grab a can of soda from the machine's in the teacher's lounge, which was in the middle of the main hallway. It wouldn't hurt to stretch my legs a bit anyway, I thought, so I slipped on my shoes and started my radio search and thirst quenching break. 

As I walked down the hall I tried to guess where I could grab a radio. Hmmmm...I knew the layout of "my" end of the hall and was pretty sure there were no available radios. It was time to explore the other end, and maybe take a gander down the South hall, too. Cassie's office was down that away but we usually met in the lounge area or somewhere else. I was pretty sure she had a radio because she thought of herself as the "rocking chick" though most people considered her an unassuming, sweet person who would be working in an art museum if she wasn't teaching art. Everyone has an image of themselves and whatever Cass's was over herself, well more power to her.

As I made my way down the hall I swore I could hear noises coming from her office area. Odd, maybe she or a nearby colleague left on a radio or maybe a cleaning staff had left on their radio? Or was it a tv? I couldn't tell. I was curious though.

The sounds were a bit louder but no more clear as I entered that narrow hallway with teacher offices. I was stepping quietly, almost like approaching some enemy stronghold. I felt silly but...I also was cautious, probably from watching too many cop/lawyer tv shows lately. Yep, I heard voices, muffled and somewhat strange. I continued quietly walking down the tight hallway with ten small offices, five to each side. One was Cassie's office, at the end on the right side. The voices and muffled sounds were clearer. No, it wasn't music. But it wasn't a discussion either. My heart began to pick up a bit. What the heck was going on. I distinctly heard a female's voice mumbling and moaning. Was someone hurt? Laughter? I couldn't tell.

My heart was jumping a few extra beats faster and I felt sharp, ready for anything. I slowly approached her office, my back to the wall. I peered ever so quietly around the open door but I didn't touch the door. There on her desk lay Cassie, on her back. No papers, no trays, nothing; just my friend lying on her back - naked or close to it. The desk was covered with a sheet or maybe a dropcloth - yes, a dropcloth from her art class.

I was shocked. I almost stumbled backward but I maintained my balance. I kept my movement to a minimal. I was riveted by what I saw.

There was... Jon Tate...yes, Jon Tate I was sure of it slowly moving over her, putting his hands upon her ample chest as she arched her back. He had on a t-shirt...and a smile. At least I bet he had a smile. They were talking in low voices. He knelt down. She had her hands between her legs holding his head in place and her legs moved on top of his shoulders. His face was buried between her legs, pressed against her. I could hear some sounds and one sound clearly was a frenzied tongue or lips at work.

I couldn't move. It was much quieter at that point. She breathed loudly, her chest heaving when he wasn't playing with her nipples. I didn't know what to do. I didn't move. I was shocked and stunned.

And I was getting hot. Turned on. I wasn't just witnessing their act, I could feel the heat...and I liked it. 

I knew they wouldn't notice me, judging by the way the two of them were going at it. My nipples were quite hard. I was leaning with my back on the wall and, I couldn't help it, I was getting wet. I slid my hand down the front of my workout pants; I was - without even realizing it - fingering myself as I watched the action unfold.

Then the silence was broken. Cassie - Cassie who had taken Jon's name and a made-up lifestyle through the mud as we drank away some blues - was starting to moan loudly. Cassie - who was a gentle art teacher and volunteered at the local senior citizen center - was getting louder. Cassie - who once said her ex-husband couldn't "fuck his way out of a paper bag" - was bucking her bottom half against his hands. Jon - that "boring" math teacher with the nice body - was working his fingers in-and-out of her pussy. I could hear the squishing even from my spot in the hallway. I could see his elbows moving a bit and he was quietly urging her on. She was having an orgasm. Damn. Only a few feet from me, she was getting off - big time.

"Oh, fuck! Yes, yes! Fuck! Eat me. Finger meeeeeee. Oh, yes. Yes. Damn it YES!" the busty art maven screamed. "Oh! argh! I'm cumming!!!!! Oh, yes. Keep doing that. DON'T stop. Fuck yes. Ya. Ya. Right there. Right there. Ya."

Her body shook, she pressed her hands heavily against his hands as she came. Her back arched, her tits bounced. He remained knelt down, his fingers inside, his tongue licking on prime spots. She was on fire convulsing like under an electric shock treatment. Her one hand gripped the desk and her fingers were turning white.

"Mmm, baby, that was so fucking good," Jon said as Cass - my sweet Cass with the brunette locks and calm features - lay back not saying a word. She just breathed after getting off so hard. A few seconds later she shifted her body fully onto the desk. Jon stood up and moved towards her head. I couldn't see what was happening but I was sure that his cock was in her mouth. Damn, he looked good from that angle - I never would have guessed it. 

I moved to my left so I could see more clearly what was going on. He had rolled the office chair to the side and was leaning over her head, his hips moving ever so slightly, her right hand gripped around the base of his nicely sized tool. She was focused. He ran his hands over her hair. She stayed busy on what appeared to be a really nice cock. God, I missed cock. Something real with nice veins, yep. It looked good to me.

She pulled her head off the head of his tool. "Fuck me," she said in a voice I had never heard, totally filled with wanton lust, "Just fuck me. Now. I've been waiting all weekend for your cock to fuck me like the first time we did it."

Jon helped her swing her body into position on the desk with her ass is partially off. He pulled her legs wide. I could see his turgid member was moist from her lipwork. As he stood there he put the head of his cock at her entrance. I was still busily fingering myself. I wanted to take my shirt off. Fuck it, I was so horny watching this display between one of my best friends and this normal guy turned porn stud. He was good, yes, he was good. It was hard to believe it was the same Jon I saw dancing funny at a holiday party only a few months before.

Jon explained to Cassie, "I'm going to give you just the head first, Cass. Just the head." He slowly used the mushroomed head and slipped it in. I had moved to a good angle to see it. I wished I were closer. Fuck, I wanted to watch it so I could see that head split her opening. I pulled my hand away from my wet pussy. I made a bold decision: I'd been working on being more decisive in my personal life. Damn it, I wanted to see this where I could watch and hear it all. I decided to do it. I cleared my throat. Then a little louder. Finally, hearing my throat-clearing announcement, Jon turned his head to the hallway as his hips worked his member into Cass. His eyes focused on me but there was no shock. What a steady man, unflappable.

Without missing a beat he said, "Oh, man. Hey, Kate. Kate? Cass, it's, uhhhhh, Kate." But he didn't stop. Cass hardly moved either. She was focused on the banging. She replied with her words uttered under the assault, "You're kidding. What? Damn, don't stop... Don't stop. Kate? Oh, babe it's yoooou. Oh, wow. It's really you. Oh, fuck....oh yes." The air was driven out of her lungs by the thrusts.

Jon kept pumping. He pulled his t-shirt off. I slipped into the room and into that office chair. Now I had a view I could really enjoy just to the right of their merged bodies as he laid his pipe into her tightness. I was so horny I needed access to my slit and my clit. My fingers were getting busy. I pulled off the t-shirt, my nipples were on fire and my right hand's fingers tugged on them both, twisting, pulling and lightly tweaking.

He just kept pumping, his hands gripping her thighs, his eyes locked on her body as he watched her take the increasing pace of his pummeling. He continued to rock and then slow down and then speed up again. He plunged deep for awhile and then pulled back to just barely enter his phallus' head into Cass. I could hear all the sounds including he wooden desk's slight creaking amidst the force of his thrusts. I could smell sex. I could feel the heat of their passion. It was so exciting and raw.

It was very sexy to see the deep plunges, his gorgeous tool filling her to the hilt. Cass would grunt with satisfaction during those deep pumps. She was moaning in pleasure from the pressure of his rock hard cock pressing the walls of her love tunnel. 

"Yes, fuck yes." she purred. She urged him on, "Keep banging me. Keep going. Yes. Are you watching, Kate? He's filling me up all the way."

Her fingers wrapped around his powerful forearms, fingernails digging into his skin. Jon pushed deeply then pulled out again-and-again, sometimes just the tip inside her. He'd wait a couple of seconds and then plunge it back in, "You love it, Cassie-babe, don't ya? Ask me for more cock. Go ahead, ask for more."

"Oh, please fuck me Jonny. Fuck me gooood. Shit... Awwwww... Yes. Yes. Uh-ha. Yaaaaa..."

Then Jon, the unassuming mathematics teacher, started a steady assault on my friend. I was fingering myself with abandon now. I didn't care. He looked over and smiled. I watched and then threw my head back, enjoying the pressure on my clit. I could still hear the bucking couple going at it and listening to the sounds made me hotter. 

The musky scent of sex permeated the office, the sound of his penetration and her cooing in delight and urging him on were the perfect match for my delightful play. Sweat was dripping down his forehead as he was now grunting with all his focus, slamming into Cass like an engine piston. 

I thought he was going to shoot off inside her then but...instead, he pulled out, his cock glistening. What a sight. He quickly left the office for only a couple of seconds to grab a chair from a nearby office. Cass stood up, wobbling a bit. Nothing was said. Then Jon took the cover off the desk and put it on the chair he had just brought in. He sat down, his blood-engorged tool pointing to the heavens. Cass moved to him and straddled his cock as she faced him. She was going to ride it out and I wasn't going to miss a thing. I just sat back in the office chair and rubbed myself as lustfully as I'd ever done. The bone disappeared into Cass.

Jon growled, "Ride my cock, girl, ride my cock. Come on baby, fuck it!"

Up and down Cassie bounced with abandon. He used his hands on her side, then played with her nipples, and then rubbed her hair as she rode his hard meat like she was on a Kentucky Derby horse. Up and down she went, her head often leaning back as she felt the pleasure of the perfect connection. Her dark, shoulder-length hair bounced as she stayed atop Jon's pole. It was beautiful to see and hear, I'd never been so close to such raw action.

She cupped her own tits in the palms of her hands and offered them for him to suck. He did so greedily, trying his best to keep her nipples in between his lips. His hands cupped her ass, lightly assisting her ride. 

I came then. I came hard. My body convulsed. Electricity shot through me with an orgasmed as hard as I have ever had experienced. It was sweet and dirty and hot. I just layed back on that chair and let it happen. Everything else in the room was white-out, I couldn't focus. All I knew was that feeling sweeping through my body. For that few seconds that was all that mattered in my world.

As I came they didn't stop or miss a beat in their rhythmic fuck session. Soon he pulled out of Cass - again - and this time she stood bending over the desk. He got behind her and carefully entered from behind, his right hand guiding his hardness into her body from that great angle. Once again he started the intercourse slowly and worked it up to a pummeling pace, mercilessly jolting her hard against the desk. Air was knocked out of her lungs from the thrusts. He breasts shook and rolled. He grabbed her hips and continued the pounding. She let her head dangle downward, facing the desk and took it all like she was earning a million dollar reward.

"Fuck. Damn it bang me hard you fucking bastard!," she screamed, "I think I'm going to cum again!" Cass was completely into it and I couldn't imagine her even saying those words. But she did and she was!

Her body tensed as another orgasm raged through her body. I was still observing but not with the same intensity. I was completely drained but they were still bopping away and I was happy for them. She was gripping the desk like she was trying to snap it in half. Her nails dug onto the desk's edges as waves of passion overtook her body. When she slowed down, he really grabbed hard on her hips and in a rough, powerful manner plowed his cock deep into her drenched pussy. He was going to unload inside and I was going to pay attention then. She yelped at his forcefulness. The desk creaked under the onslaught. She reached behind and rubbed his hips as he pounded into her like a judge banging a gavel to restore order. 

Beads of perspiration covered his face as he continued the thrusting. His grunts turned louder and more frequent. He was beginning his built-up orgasm.

"Pound me harder! Come on, Jonny, take me like I'm a bad slut who needs your cock soooo bad!" she commanded. "I want to feel that hot cum fill me up!"

Her words worked; within seconds Jon came hard and with force. Damn, it was incredible to see. My body was perking up and I slowly slid my fingers over my pussy-lips as I watched this human fuck-machine do his thing.

"Oh, yes!" he spoke with animalistic lust. "I'm pumping you full of cream. Take it all. Here it is...!"

His thrusting finally slowed, he leaned forward resting his upper body upon hers, trying to regain his composure and breath. It was over. They both breathed hard. Not a word was said. I was emotionally exhausted; they were physically spent. The room was quiet. It was a bit awkward, I had to admit, but not as much as I would have guessed.

"Ok, Joh, please pull out. I gotta stand up straight." Cass finally admitted. He did with an audible 'popping' sound as his meat, now less hard, came sliding out. She stood up, unashamed to be naked. I couldn't help but notice that cum was rolling down the inner thigh of her legs.
