 Miss T was a teacher in an English secondary school in Bristol. It was the end of a particularly hard few weeks because as the summer holidays approach the workload for the teacher doubles, with parent's evenings, thousands of reports, after school events and end of year exams Miss T was glad of the fact that it was now Friday. 

The school bell had rung for the last time before the summer holidays and as the sound of the bell echoed around the empty corridors and deserted grounds of the school Miss T was alone in her classroom sorting out books and papers to take back with her. Miss T was in her late 20s with shoulder length brown hair which curled as it touched her shoulders. The years (and college) had given her a few extra pounds but she still had the attractive figure of a real woman, slender legs leading to the soft curves of her shapely thighs and womanly hips.

The male members of all her older classes however only really noticed one thing. They were fixated on her breasts which tended to look a size too big for Miss T's choice of top. Today Miss T's tits were tightly held in a white bra and blouse which, as was often the case looked a size to small for her, a hint of cleavage temptingly peeked through the neckline of her blouse. It was no wonder she was one of the most popular teachers in the school among the older male students. 

Secretly Miss T liked the adolescent attention (as long as it didn't distract too much from the lessons) and she always found it amusing trying to guess which one of the boys had got hard in class, also it didn't do any harm when she needed a strong pair of hands to help as there were always plenty of eager volunteers. On a number of occasions Miss T had seen a bulge in a boys trousers as she walked around the class collecting work in, this always made her a little excited. Although Miss T would never contemplate doing anything with a student it was a little fantasy that aroused her from time to time. 

Miss T was about to close her bag and put her coat on when she heard some voices coming from outside the window of her classroom. Miss T stopped for a minute and slowly walked over to the window to see a view of the abandoned school playing fields and a public park beyond. She opened the window and leant out slightly looking to her right as the sun shone into her eyes. She could now make out the source of the talking, the shapes of three boys, the early evening sun shining from directly behind them 

"What are you doing still in school? Haven't you got homes to go to?" called Miss T to the shapes. 

"Oh... hello Miss T" replied a slightly surprised voice. The boys walked over to the open window and she recognised them as 3 of former sixth formers, Steve Elmore, Rich Stubbs and Tim Allen.

"What are you doing on the school grounds, you left 2 years ago.", "I don't think you'll learn any more now!" she added jokingly.

"This is the 1st time the 3 of us have met for a year!" chimed Tim, "yeah well if you two had just stayed at Bristol uni we'd still be hanging out every night." Rich replied.

"Hah, you mean Bristol wasn't your 3rd choice then?" mocked Steve.

"Yeah yeah, at least I actually passed my 1st year and didn't have to spend the whole of last summer re-sitting exams." Rich said.

Miss T had now half sat on the window sill, gently leaning out, amused by banter between the three boys.

"So you're all doing well then?" said Miss T with a smile. "Its good to hear, means we must have done something right." She added with a laugh. "So 2 years of university education under your belts and you still haven't got anything better to do that loiter on your old school field and drink cans of beer?" said Miss T with a Laugh.

"Pubs too expensive, we are penniless students now" said Tim with a smirk. "Yeah I'm sure you are." Said the boy's former teacher sarcastically. "How much beer have you got in that sports bag Steven?" exclaimed Miss T after catching sight of the bag which was too full for the zip to close and looked like it was about to burst at the seams.

"Should last a little while." Steve replied, grinning. 

"Well since you're all big boys now and quite at liberty to buy beer instead of text books if that's what you choose I won't confiscate them" Joked Miss T, "on condition that you chuck one over here, I'm dying for a drink, you can't even begin to imagine the week I've had."

"Jump out the window then, come and sit with us" said Steve.

"Hmm, you 3 had better jump in here, I don't think it's a good image, a teacher sitting outside her classroom in full view of everyone with a can of Stella!" answered Miss T. 

Steve could understand how that could look so dropped his bag and started to climb through the open window. Tim then started shoving the large sports bag full to bursting with cans through after him and Steve hoisted the bag the rest of the way through the window and put it down on the classroom floor. Tim and Rich then followed, clambering through the open window into the shade of their former teacher's classroom.

The classroom had a few wooden desks with chairs arranged in rows and a bench containing musical keyboards ran along the back wall and part of the window wall. The wall opposite the window was covered in cupboards with colourful posters attached to the doors depicting bite size music pieces of musical theory, the smell of wood and chalk dust lingered in the air which instantly triggered a flood of memories for all three boys. 

Steve started throwing beer at the others a little over enthusiastically, Tim missed the catch and the beer landed on the floor after hitting a desk on the way. He picked it up and opened it just as Miss T screamed "Don't open that now". 

Fizzzzz! It was too late, Miss T caught the full spray of the excited beer can and most of it went over her white top exposing the shape of a white bra and what Steve thought was the out line of her left nipple. 

Her blouse started to cling to her breasts so much so that the boys could see the colour of her skin. Miss T seemed to pause for a second as if she wanted the boys to get a good eyeful before she pulled her coat on to cover herself.

"Muppet!" She said looking at Tim who could see the teacher wasn't really upset as she was allowing a slightly mischievous grin to creep over her face.

"Sorry Miss" Tim replied in a sheepish tone, although he to was struggling to contain a grin as he, like the others could not believe they had just been staring at their ex teacher, a wet white blouse clinging to her heaving breasts leaving very little to the imagination. 

Miss T turned her back on the boys, slipped her coat off and, to the amassment of the three started to unbutton her blouse, slipping it down her back, her dark brown hair fell over the back of her shoulders as she tossed he hair and pulled her coat on over her white bra. 

Hanging the blouse over a radiator she turned to look at the boys who had remained silent throughout. 

"What's wrong with you three?" asked Miss T although she knew exactly what this must be doing to them. 

".....uh, nothing Miss". It was finally Steve who pulled himself together enough to speak. Taking a large gulp from the can she was holding Miss T subtly glanced at Steve's trousers where she noticed a good amount of budging which defiantly wasn't there before. 

Smiling to herself Miss T sat on the edge of the teacher's desk, and leant back on one arm while she used the other to continue to drink beer.

Tim, Rich and Steve were now sitting at the front of the classroom; Rich was gulping away at a can of beer with his legs up on the desk. He was well built with short brown hair and a face that obviously hadn't seen a razor for a day or two.

Tim was the tallest of the three at over 6 feet; he had dark hair that flopped over his face. Miss T had always remembered Tim as he had always been the 1st to volunteer when something needed doing while he was at school, he would even carry her things to her car on a regular basis and stay behind after class to help tidy. 

Steve was quite stocky although very muscular; he had played Rugby for the school team while he was there and had quickly been selected for his university club. Miss T remembered Steve's constant smart remarks in class, but when it came to it, he would always study and deliver what was required of him. 

As the three sat in the classroom, the evening sun gradually moved lower in the sky as the conversation grew gradually easier thanks to the alcohol that was being consumed. They were covering all sorts of subjects; memories from school, what they all thought of some of the other teachers. 

"....and you know what fell out when I picked up Mr Brides prescription bag for him? A month's supply of Viagra!" said Miss T in fits of laughter. 

The four laughed and passed cutting comments about their head teacher as they continued to knock back the beer.

"Well..." said Miss T, "It's about time to get out of here I think, my blouse is pretty much dry" she added, throwing an accusatory glance towards Tim who simply sat there with a stupid grin on his face.

She walked over to the radiator where her blouse was looking much less soggy. As she felt the fabric, she slipped her coat off and stood there for a second holding the blouse dressed only in her black skirt and white bra, her back to the boys. 

She thought for a minute and instead of putting the blouse back on, slowly turned around and started walking towards her desk again. 

"On second thoughts, let's have another drinky!" She said, "We have a good hour before the caretaker comes round to lock up and the last time I saw him he was heading to the pub across the road so we've got loads of time". 

The boys sat perfectly still, looking at Miss T resuming her place on her desk leaning over it but this time without her coat covering to cover her.

As Miss T threw a glance at Steve who was the closest to her, she noticed not only a marked change in the way he was sitting but also that he had become slightly flushed. 

"What's the matter Steve?" Miss T asked coyly. 

"Nothing!" came the rather breathy reply. 

"Grab another beer for me will you then!" she said with that mischievous grin starting to creep across her face again as Steve slowly stood up.

"Oooh my" exclaimed Miss T as she saw a huge bulge in Steve's trousers as he walked towards her with a can. 

Steve bent over slightly to hide what looked like a small animal trying to escape from his trousers but it didn't do much good. The others remained seated not even bothering to stifle their laughter now they had a few drinks inside them. 

As Miss T took the can from Steve she let her finger quickly run up his arm to the top of his chest then let it slowly fall down brushing along the bulge in his trousers before she withdrew it. 

"Looks uncomfortable" Said Miss T with a put on look of concern, "That would feel much better if you took off your trousers wouldn't it?" Said Miss T.

"I can't do that" replied Steve in what he meant to be a joking voice but ended up sounding positively shocked. 

"Ok..." She paused, "I'll take off this skirt if you take off your trousers, would you feel better then?" Steve stood frozen for a few seconds, his mouth started to open but no sound came out.

"It... would be a lot more comfortable I guess" Steve finally managed to say with a confident smile, although his voice was shaking slightly. 

As Steve undid his belt and trouser button Miss T sat up on the desk and started to slide the zip down on the side of her black skirt, she stood up and let the skirt fall down her legs and onto the floor and leant back on the desk again. 

Steve's zip came down and he let his trousers fall to his feet. It was then apparent to Miss T how big a reaction her teasing had managed to provoke. 

The other two boys were sitting a few meters away, gawping at the front of the classroom. Miss T looked them up and down for a second.

"Come closer, let's see if you two have anything that's causing any discomfort" said Miss T, gesturing towards two desks directly in front of her.

The two boys slowly came over, pulled the two desks closer and sat directly in front of Steve and Miss T. The young teacher had had started to run her finger up and down Steve's shaft through the fabric of his boxer shorts. As Miss T looked Tim and Rich over, she saw that they were both getting hard and sporting sizable trouser bulges for her. 

"Ok, would you boys like me to slip my bra off?" 

All three mumbled something that didn't quite form a word but was clearly an answer to the affirmative. 

"Well I need something form you then...." She pondered. 

"You guys look like you could do with taking off some clothes as well", "Tell you what, I'll take this bra off if you take your trousers off and let me see those bulges properly." 

Tim and Rich did as they were told; all three of them were now gathered round the front desk, Miss T leaning against it with her feet now on the floor, Steve to her left standing while Miss T continued to caress his hard cock through his black boxer shorts. 

Tim and Rich were sitting on the edge of two small desks which were pulled up close to Miss T and the front of the teacher's desk. 

"You are all very big boys I must say", said Miss T in a half whisper. She reached out with her right hand and ran her fingers along the shaft of Rich's cock through his boxer shorts, he felt a little light headed as his cock started throbbing so much he thought it may explode! 

"You know, all that drinking has made me a little hungry" Said Miss T as she slipped to her knees and turned to Steve and Rich. She slowly pulled on Steve's boxer shorts until they slipped down over his erect penis, as the elastic slipped over the head of Steve's cock it sprung out and stood there, harder than Steve thought possible while his boxers slipped down his legs to the floor.

Miss T started to gently kiss the head of Steve's cock while massaging the shaft with her left hand, meanwhile she allowed her right hand to slip down the front of Rich's shorts and gently stroke his cock before wrapping her hand around it and pulling it out. As she did this Rich let out a small gasp of pleasure.

"Tim, can you kneel down behind me, I have job for you!" said Miss T with a naughty grin. 

"You can undo my bra". Miss T grinned even wider and added "you always liked staying behind after school and helping me out with odd jobs".

Tim, still in his boxers which strained under the pressure of his cock which was defiantly rising to the occasion, started kissing Miss T's neck and back while his fingers ran slowly down her spine to the clip of her bra which he undid with one hand. 

Miss T let out a sigh as the straps slipped over her arms and the bra fell to the floor completely exposing her shapely breasts, they were all the boys imagined them to be, full and far more than a handful but pert and shapely. 

As she exposed them, all three boys were fixated for a moment on Miss T's amazing tits, perfectly formed with cute nipples that were standing to attention, with the darker areola surrounding those sexy nips by about an inch. A mole decorated the top left of Miss T's right breast, seeing this almost had all three boys blowing their loads right there and then! These were the kind of breasts that were just calling out to be kissed and sucked! 

Miss T was now letting the head of Steve's cock slip in and out of her mouth, pausing every so often to kiss and run her eager tongue around the tip while her left hand ran up and down the shaft with a slight twisting motion each time. 

Steve's breathing had become very heavy and he started to tilt his head back every time she took his cock into her soft warm mouth.

Tim was still kneeling behind Miss T letting her fingers run up and down her spine as he kissed her shoulders and neck; she shivered a little with pleasure every time his finger ran down her spine until she gave Tim the prompt he had been waiting for, pulling his hand around her naked body to her stomach.

She then guided Tim's hand slowly upwards so he could feel the bottom of his former teacher's right breast. His hand, now under its own power gently moved over the teacher's soft breast and brushed against her now erect nipple. 

Tim, still in partial disbelief that he was in a room with his half naked ex teacher he had fantasised about for years, moved his head around to where his right hand was and started kissing the side, and then the front of Miss T's right breast, finally running his tongue around her excited right nipple and kissing it. With this, Miss T lay back on the floor.

"Hmmmm Tim..." she purred, "let me feel that tongue some more" she whispered as she pushed Tim's head gently towards her small white knickers and ran her finger along one side of them, inviting him to pull them aside. 

Rich and Steve repositioned themselves on the floor on ether side of Miss T and took it in turn to feed their ex teacher their hard cocks while the other enjoyed her soft hand gripped around the shaft, caressing the tip with her thumb as she firmly but slowly moved her hand up and down.

Tim had pulled Miss T's white knickers to one side and exposed a perfect shaven pussy; her clit was becoming swollen as her pussy wetter as her excitement grew. 

Tim let his tongue run round Miss T's eager clit in circular motions, stopping every so often to kiss and suck it for a couple of seconds. 

"Mmmmmmm my god Tim!" purred Miss T. Slowly she stood up and slipped her knickers over her thighs and let them fall down her legs to the floor. 

Miss T was now completely naked, her soft skin glistening with tiny beads of sweat as the temperature rose; she sat on one of the smaller desks and beckoned Tim over who knelt down in front of her. 

"No, now I want to feel your cock, stand up!" She leant forward and released Tim's cock from his boxers, pulling it towards her as she leant back slightly on the desk. She started to run the tip of his cock around her swollen clit, stopping to slap it a few times against her pussy. 

Tim started to moan with pleasure as he felt the teacher's warm pussy on the tip of his cock. The other two resumed their positions, standing now at ether side of Miss T. 

She playfully licked at the tip of Rich's cock and then slipped the head into her mouth as she wrapped her legs around Tim's waste took hold of his cock.

Tim felt warmth and wetness on the tip of his hard cock as it pressed against the entrance of the teacher's pussy. As it slowly started to slide inside her, he let out a short moan, feeling the teacher's tight pussy lips slip over the head and slowly along the shaft of his hard cock. 

Tim ran his fingers playfully around the top of Miss T's legs which were still wrapped around his waste while she took Steve's left hand and wrapped her lips around his finger, rolling her tongue round it as she had done his cock. 

Miss T then guided Steve's hand towards her clit and held on to it supervising the same circular motion she had enjoyed from Tim's tongue. 

Miss T started to scream in pleasure as she sucked on Rich and Steve's cocks in turn; Tim had started to get faster, thrusting his hard cock all the way into the teacher's pussy while Steve still teased her clit with his moist finger. 

Miss T's pussy felt a lot tighter to her than it had done before with Tim's sizable cock inside her. She started to think that she should make a habit of seducing younger men instead of just fantasising about it all the time. 

Now fully leant back over the small desk, she let her head fall back while Tim continued to thrust his cock into her sweet wet pussy, she looked at Tim and beaconed him over. 

"Its Steve's turn now, I want to save you till' last", Tim moved to the back of the desk where Miss T's head was draped upside down, she gently guided his cock into her mouth and he held onto her head while he pushed his cock into her mouth and down her throat. 
