 If you haven't read A little Sunshine at work you might want go back and check it out first. However if you are short on time, by all means, begin here.

Although we were busted I couldn't will my body to stop it's trembling. Here we are still writhing from the most erotic sexual experience ever and our Sr. Director and his boss were obviously enjoying the performance. My Sunshine never pulled out and he was rising again by the second. He finally began to withdraw his warmth but by this time I am ignoring our current dilemma. I begin to squeeze the muscles of my chocolate coochie until I had solicited a throaty moan of surrender from my new trinket, my boss. At this point the senior director leaves the office. I guess he wasn't feeling the black white thing that much. But David, our VP seemed to be game. I could tell that he and my Sunshine were sending each other surreptitious signals over my head. I believe they thought they were setting me up. Either way it was too late for me to back out because my Sunshine was beginning to grind his cock back into my pussy. 

I'm having a hard time concentrating on what to do next. My body is tingling all over. While my Sunshine is taking his time to fully awaken my erotic nature again, I watch David as he begins to touch himself. Okay... I think to myself... this is about to get really interesting. Watching a man fondling himself is such a turn on. As soon as David realizes I am watching him his cock shoots to full attention, ready to burst from it's confines. He squeezes it a few times and then eventually lets it out... Damn!!

I am now skirting on the edge of panic because I see that David's penis is huge in both length and girth. This is way out of my league. My innocent flirtations (okay, maybe not so innocent) with Sunshine turned out just fine, but I've never been with two men simultaneously before. Well, the panic quickly turns to anticipation as David begins to walk toward the edge of the desk clasping his manhood in his massive hands. Although I am very attracted to my Sunshine, David is the Adonis of our division. He is about 6'4", with a caramel complexion, warm-brown, almond shaped eyes and he's bald...by choice? Who cares, the boy is hot. He's licking those luscious lips and smiling down at me like he's going to eat me up. I'm not sure how old he is but he's got to be the youngest VP in the company. Check this out ... this is the best part... He also boxes to stay in shape (imagine the body on him). Oh my God. Every man, woman and of course other salivates when he comes by. 

The tingling sensation that Sunshine is responsible for tenfold as David gets to the edge of the desk. He is waiting to see if I will let him play. Hell... he just won the damn prize and he's gonna get some extra parting gifts as well. 

Seriously now... I'm staring eye to eye with his weapon of mass pleasure. I want to open my mouth and completely engulf it in one fell swoop, but I want to get to know it first. You just can't suck a dick like this one. I wanted to lick it from top to bottom like it's a red, white and blue popsicle right off the ice-cream truck... And that's exactly what I do. I lick and lick and lick and then I put the massive head in my mouth and suck and suck and suck. Then I lick and suck and lick and suck... wow... I feel like a kid with a new treat. I can hear him whimpering. I want to yell, "take it like a man and stop acting like a bitch". I haven't even attempted to descend the length of him and he is moaning about cumming. We get a good in and out rhythm going when Sunshine (damn, I had forgotten he was in the room, let alone in me) withdraws and comes around the side of the desk with his dick in his hand... Jones'n... to get it in my mouth. He looks like he's doing the pee-pee dance; greedy motherfucker doesn't want to share me. He sees how good David is getting his dick sucked and now he wants to tag team it. But David and I aren't finished cause I am trying to drag it out as much as possible. It's no longer about my pleasure. The game is on and I am making the rules up as I go along. 

When I start a gentler sucking on the head, David grabs hold of my hair with both hands and starts to feed it to me. We were already hot but the flames are now kicking up around us. As I grab his ass and pull him in deeper he begins the no-turning-back thrusts and moans. I finally hit bottom when my chin is grinding against his balls. He's out of control and I can barely breath, but I hang on and suck and suck while watching my Sunshine watching me in action. Sunshine forfeits first, howling as if he's in pain... and I hadn't even touched him. David cums in a rough second, his moans are choppy as his body is hit with each burst of his climax. And with each burst of his climax I continued to suck and suck... 

While Sunshine and Pumpkin are recovering I head for the office next door so I can make arrangements to collect my winnings. You see Kara bet me before lunch that she would do David before I got around to doing Sunshine. But I did them both so she's got to offer up more than just drinks.

Want to here more? You've got to feed my ego, tell me what you want to here about. 

Thanks, 
Cocoa