 Penny was becoming very nervous about this situation, but also undeniably aroused. Her new "friends" Beth and Kevin had asked her if she could set up yet another lesson to help Beth try and overcome her apprehension over giving blowjobs. Penny had been burned three times already with these lessons, and so granting another chance to get all excited, only to be left hungry, seemed like the stupidest thing she could have done. But she found herself saying yes anyway.

Penny had met Beth and Kevin at the lingerie shop where Penny worked. Beth and Kevin had been suspected of playing naughty in one of the dressing rooms, and so Penny was sent in to diffuse the situation. Instead, ever the helpful one, Penny served as a chaperone and let the two 18 year-old virgins go at it for the first time.

But Beth wasn't ready to suck dick, and even though Kevin went down on her, she only barely put his erection in her mouth when he came. She felt bad, and so they came back later that night, Beth asking Penny to suck off her generous boyfriend properly.

Penny had agreed, as she was still hot from watching them earlier. But she expected to be paid back with a mouthful of cum—Penny absolutely loved the stuff, and was finally prepared to call it a fetish. Instead, just as he was ready to blow, Beth announced that despite her fear of performing oral, she had a strong craving for another dose of sperm. Penny tried to take it anyway, feeling cheated, but Beth was relentless, actually sucking the stuff out of Penny's mouth.

It left Penny confused and frustrated, but she couldn't say she didn't have a little fun with this adventurous pair. Penny was not bisexual, but she didn't think an innocent little thing like Beth was, either. She just really wanted that cum.

But that innocent little Beth hadn't let up since. The three had gotten together two more times since then, with the same situation. Beth wanted Penny to suck off Kevin, and when the time came for cum, Beth opened her mouth and took it. Not wanting another confusing kiss—or whatever it was—Penny had given up her reward easily those times. But she also discovered she was being robbed of something else: Kevin was supposed to eat her out after getting his blowjob, but somehow that always got lost in the shuffle.

Penny had only known these two for a few days, and already she had watched them go from cute virgins to greedy sex-fiends, and even though Penny was just a few months older than them, she was much more independent and experienced, and should have known better than to keep letting them string her along.

And yet here she was, waiting for them to show up once again.

Beth and Kevin lived with their parents, so their places were always off limits. They had used cheap motel rooms the last two times, but even that was getting expensive, and Penny's sister kept her house from being an option, so Penny decided to plan the date at Gavin's house. 

Gavin was the closest thing Penny had to a boyfriend. They got along great, and had much in common, including the desire to be with other people, so they decided to be best friends with benefits, and it had worked pretty well. They told each other stories of their conquests, getting each other so horny that they'd end up playing out the story, or making up a new one. The only problem was that their schedules often conflicted, and even now Gavin was vacationing in Vegas, and the only fun Beth had had in his absence was this mess with Beth and Kevin.

But Penny had hoped a change of scenery might help her get out of this rut. She knew it was risky to bring a another guy into Gavin's room—they had never talked about that—but she was confident he'd be okay with it—as long as she cleaned the sheets and told him all about it later.

Penny sat in the kitchen, waiting nervously even though the meeting wasn't scheduled for another half hour. But then, suddenly, there was a loud knock at the door. Penny jumped up and answered, surprised when she saw a lone stranger standing there instead of Beth or Kevin.

"Hi—um....I, uh, what street is this?" he stammered.

Penny told him the address, he checked a slip of paper in his hand, then looked at her quizzically.

"Oh...well is Beth here?"

Oh my God! Penny thought. What was that little bitch up to now? She was inviting friends over?

"Beth...and Kevin," Penny said, putting emphasis on Kevin's name to see if it caused a reaction, "won't be here for another twenty minutes or so. You are..."

From his face, she could see that he definitely was surprised at hearing Kevin' name. Penny tried to hide her anger as she thought again; What was that little bitch up to now!?

"I'm Sam," the guy said, "Beth said she was going to meet me here, but...I must have gotten something mixed up, or..."

"No," Penny said, feeling bad for the guy already. "I'm sure you didn't get anything mixed up. Come on in. You can wait for her."

Penny acted nice in front of the cute stranger, but inside she was fuming. What was this? It looked like Beth had strung this guy along, probably insinuating sex. But in reality, Beth probably thought if Penny didn't mind sucking one dick and giving up the cum, why not another? The girl had barely tasted the stuff, and already she was a conniving cum-slut. Penny wouldn't let her get away with it this time.

Hiding her true feelings, Penny was calm and polite as she and Sam waited together at the kitchen table. They engaged in the usual pointless chit-chat, each one too afraid to talk about what either was actually there for. 

Though the conversation was dull, Penny was impressed by Sam's physical presence. He was a big guy, probably played linebacker or something in high school, though she guessed he had graduated at least a few years ago, because he looked to be in his mid if not late twenties. And he probably hadn't played in a while, because even though he was big, he wasn't heavy, nor did he have the defined muscles of someone who worked out every day. He was six and a half feet tall, broad-shouldered, but had the handsome face of a gentle giant. His blue eyes were a much lighter shade than hers, and his brown hair was so light that, in the right light, it would've looked blonde.

Despite his confusion and nervousness, Sam was checking out Penny as he tried to keep the conversation going. He had always liked tiny women, not because he disliked girls with some meat on them, but because his string of girlfriends had always just happened to be tiny. But Penny had something else going on, and he loved it. Sure, she was young, and he guessed correctly that she was 18, but she had filled out wonderfully and she carried herself like someone much more mature. She had long blonde hair—another thing he'd never done was date a blonde—and bright blue eyes that lit up an adorable face and a generous smile that never quit.

But he was most impressed with her body, well rounded and thick just where she needed to be. Her plump ass was to die for, and he couldn't help but stare at the cleavage of her D-size chest. Suddenly Sam felt like he had been starved by all the size zeroes he'd bedded over the years, and this beautiful Penny was the real meal.

Before their fantasies could get too involved, there was another knock at the door. Beth and Kevin had arrived. Upon seeing Sam already there, Beth went about quickly to explain everything.

As told by Beth, Sam had arrived early. He was meant to come after she and Kevin had, so his invitation could be explained to Penny. But as he was already there, both Sam and Penny got to hear how they were going to be used.

Beth felt bad that Penny hadn't gotten much in return for her "services". Since Penny never mentioned her boyfriend Gavin, Beth assumed Penny hadn't gotten any for a long time, and so she invited Sam to fuck Penny while Penny sucked off Kevin again. A kind of pity fuck, basically. 

Sam, meanwhile, an employee of Beth's dad's business, had known Beth and Kevin for some time. He and Beth had always flirted innocently, but their relationships—as well as the fact that her dad was his boss—kept them apart. But through email and phone calls, Beth had eluded to the idea that she and Kevin were no longer together, and since Sam's engagement to his high school sweetheart had just been called off, a night alone with cute little Beth is what lured him here. By now, Beth had the big guy wrapped around her finger, and she knew it. She had no intentions of having sex with him. He was just going to be "payment" for Penny's "services".

So to sum it up, Sam was a tool, and Penny was a whore.

At least, that's how it was according to Beth.

Penny couldn't believe it. Beth had seemed like the very definition of innocent when she first met her in that dressing room. And maybe she was. But experiencing sex had turned her into something else entirely, and everyone—to some extent, even her beloved Kevin—were being used to satisfy her cravings.

Dramatic as it may sound, Penny knew she had created this monster. Now it was up to her to destroy it.

Beth was so commanding, that even the giant Sam, who must have been disappointed at being used like this, was willing to follow her orders. Not that fucking Penny was a bad thing; he just wished he had had more of a choice in the matter.

The group moved to Gavin's bedroom, where Beth gave even more orders. She seemed to become more demanding by the second.

"Take off your clothes; do it like this; do it like that..."

There was no fun exploring, no kissing or arousing little games. It was all business as Beth put together her guilt-free cum-dispensing machine.

Penny was livid. Here she was, one of three people in a room, all of whom were bigger than Beth. Sam, at 28, had been in several relationships and almost married, so he had maturity and experience to add to his size. Penny, though young, was working and going to school while living on her own and experiencing an otherwise healthy sex-life. And even Kevin, though he wasn't a very big guy, was definitely not the one wearing the pants in this relationship. And they were all succumbing to little Beth's will.

Penny watched Beth, seeing her long, dark hair framing her cute face and bringing out her big blue eyes. She saw how tight and thin her little body was, and again became impressed when Beth's bra came off, revealing firm, perky c-cup breasts and fat pink nipples. Sure, Beth was tailor made for arousal, but she was also too small and cute to get away with this.

Penny then looked at Kevin, wondering why a cute, young guy like him would be with a manipulative sneak like Beth. He was a little shorter and thinner than the average guy, but he was in great shape, and she remembered his dick, though not huge, being big compared to the rest of him. He could have had his share of girls. All he would have to do is smile at them with those baby blue eyes...

Blue eyes. Just like Beth, Penny and Sam. They all had blue eyes, Penny thought. They were all in this together. They were all equal, but Beth had put herself above the others.

While Sam and Kevin were already almost completely naked, Penny had only removed her shirt. Overly excited and confident, Beth was the only one totally nude; the only one fully exposed. It was time for Penny to take over.

"How do you guys feel about this?" Penny asked, stopping everyone. They all looked to her, not saying a word. "Are you sacred of cute little Beth, or what?"

Still, no one responded. Beth, ever playing the innocent girl, did a great job of looking shocked and hurt, even so far as to get tears in her eyes.

"Sam, you were tricked to come down here for a night with Beth."

"I never said I was going to have sex with him!" Beth said, almost fully crying now.

"But," Penny shot back, "You made him think you would, right Sam?"

Sam nodded.

"And Kevin," Penny said, looking to the bewildered young man, now fully naked on the bed. "How do you feel about the fact that your own loving girlfriend won't even put your dick in her mouth?"

Kevin swallowed hard. Said nothing.

"How many times have you eaten her out? And how many times as she actually blown you?"

Kevin just looked down.

"And me!" Penny shouted toward Beth. "I'm not here to provide you a service. I want cum, too. You know that. But you always end up with it. Well, not tonight. Tonight, we," --and she gestured to herself, Kevin, and Sam—"are in charge. And if they're not man enough to do it, then I'll be in charge."

"Penny?" Beth squeaked, tears running over a face that was beginning to look more pissed than sad. "What has gotten into you?"

"No," Penny said, reaching over and grabbing Beth's shoulder. "You don't get to talk. You get to suck. Now get on the bed."

Beth did as she was told; looking so frightened and defeated. The guys looked on, not knowing what to do, but looking just as shocked.

Penny positioned Beth in front of Kevin, who was on his knees with his back against the wall. His dick was only half erect, and shrinking.

"Now suck it," Penny ordered angrily.

Beth put her head down, hiding more tears. Kevin couldn't blink as he looked on, but finally he found words.

"Don't do this. I can't do this. She's crying, Penny! She doesn't want to do it!"

"Yes she does," Penny said, confident that in some way, some how, she was speaking the truth. "She just doesn't want to admit it. But she will tonight. Right now, even. Say it, Beth."

Her head still low and hidden, Beth only sobbed.

"Say it," Penny repeated, shaking Beth by the arm.

"I want to suck it," Beth said unevenly. She sounded sad and pathetic, and completely unconvincing.

"Suck what?" Penny asked.

Hesitation, and then, "His cock."

"Now say it again," Penny ordered. "And this time you better mean it."

Beth didn't say anything for several moments. Instead, she sniffled, still hanging her head. She took deep breaths to help herself relax. For a moment, Penny thought she had gone too far. But then Beth slowly raised her head, looking up at Kevin through blurry eyes. Her mascara had run down her cheeks. She looked a mess, but she no longer looked afraid. And if Kevin could have seen her erect nipples or her protruding clit, he would have known, even before she spoke, that she was, indeed, turned on.

Beth's teeth were gritted together, feigning anger, when she finally spoke, practically growling: "I want that cock in mouth....now!"

Penny didn't have to do another thing as Beth lunged for Kevin's dick with her open mouth. Seeing as it was limp, she managed to put the whole thing and even his testicles into her mouth, smothering him with her tongue. But a limp dick wasn't enough for her, so Beth spat him out, then took a mouthful of just his balls, sucking them as hard and as deeply as she could. After just a few seconds, Kevin's dick was already well on it's way to a full erection.

But apparently even that wasn't fast enough for Beth, for she grabbed his hard-on with her hand and jerked him rapidly as she groaned and growled into his sac. She then released the balls from her mouth and licked them wetly, saliva dripping out of her mouth. Next, she buried her face into his balls, licking and growling, like some starved, possessed animal. Still jerking him, Kevin's dick was now fully erect and already leaking pre-cum.

Beth pulled away from his balls and licked the entire underside of his shaft from base to tip with her drooling tongue. Kevin about lost his balance as he reeled in pleasure, but for Penny, it was not enough.

"Don't lick it," she ordered. "Suck that cock, Beth."

Beth seemed not to hear her, for instead she moved up Kevin's body, licking his abs. She brought her tits up to his wet cock and rubbed it between them, squeezing her firm mounds together for the young man's first tit-fuck.

"I said suck that cock, you little slut!" Penny shouted.

Beth ignored her again, sliding further up Kevin's body and embracing him, kissing him on the mouth as she rubbed her fuzzy mound against his dick. After a short, deep kiss, Beth turned to Penny, giving her a nasty glare.

"Make me," she said.

Penny almost smiled. She liked this game a lot better than the one they were supposed to play tonight. But she kept in character and grabbed Beth roughly by the arm, pulling her from Kevin.

"Fine. You don't want to suck that cock, then you'll suck this one."

Penny turned Beth to face Sam, who stood next to the bed, dumbfounded, but no doubt erect. He still had his boxers on, but the bulge was obvious—and huge.

"Take off your shorts," Penny ordered.

They were halfway off before she finished the sentence. As he took them off, Penny and Beth's eyes both lit up at what they saw. Sam's cock was indeed huge, to say the least. Eight inches, and still growing. The cock of a porn star, with giant, heavy balls to match. Hell, his cock head was bigger than a golf ball.

"It's too big," Beth said, licking her lips and not taking her eyes off of it.

"But you want it, don't you?" Penny asked. She was almost disappointed she had started this game, for doing things Beth's way would have given her the giant cock. But this was more fun. Especially what she planned to do next.

"Don't you?" Penny repeated.

"Yes," Beth said, her voice barely a whisper.

"Louder!"

"Yes!" she shouted, and again Beth lunged at the dick in front of her.

To make sure she didn't deviate, Penny held Beth's head and guided her to Sam's big, hard pole. Though she had to force Beth, there was virtually no resistance. This girl wanted it, she just needed a little extra help. And with Penny at her side, the big, bulbous cock head passed through Beth's lips.

Only two inches were in her, but already Beth's mouth felt full. She lathered his cock head with her spit, rubbing him with her tongue. But she felt pressure on the back of her head. Penny was pushing her to take him deeper.

"Don't tease him," Penny said. "Suck it!"

Beth knew exactly what Penny wanted, and so she abided, letting Sam's dick slide further into her mouth, filling her completely. She then bobbed on him enthusiastically, covering his shaft with spit. Back and forth she went, realizing only after multiple strokes that she was indeed giving a blowjob! She felt great tingles of excitement between her legs.

But Penny wasn't stopping there, and the idea of what was happening made Beth even hornier than sucking this great cock was. On each bob, Penny was pushing Beth's head further, pushing more of Sam's dick into her mouth. But he was so big and Beth was so small, even half of the cock was too much for her. Yet Penny kept pushing, and slowly but surely, Beth kept taking it in. In no time, she felt his hot, fleshy head teasing her throat. Beth almost gagged, but Penny stopped forcing it. She took her hands off Beth's head, then lightly stroked her throat.

"Now relax, Beth," Penny said, her words friendlier, but her tone still demanding. "Relax your throat, and take it slow. Start swallowing. Suck that fat cock down."

Beth did as ordered, relaxing her throat, and amazingly, she was taking Sam down right away. She was so hungry for it that she ignored the pain as it stretched her throat, and tried to think past the fact that she couldn't breathe. Her eyes were wide open, and she could see that she had engulfed more than half of his magnificent cock. Her mouth was open wide so she could take him, her lips not touching his skin, but her tongue working inadvertently, her throat the only thing actually pumping him. Tears welled in her eyes and trickled down her mascara-streaked cheeks.

But soon Beth couldn't take anymore, and she gagged hard. She pulled off Sam fast, coughing and choking, a thick, sticky mix of pre-cum and saliva dripping off his shaft and hanging from her lips as she fought to catch her breath. Her throat burned, but the desire to feed that burn with another heavy helping of cock was inescapable. After several deep breaths, Beth dove for Sam's cock once again. She got as far as she could, knowing Penny would be there to push her the rest of the way.
