 The next morning I woke up before Lisa. She was asleep on the far side of the bed, naked as usual. I was kind of down. It had been a great weekend, but today was the last day. Tomorrow we would be heading home. I reached over and ran my hand down Lisa's naked ass. She stirred a little and turned over onto her back. I took advantage of the situation and lightly caressed her trimmed bush. Lisa stirred some more, still more asleep than awake. I wanted her to part her legs, so I slipped a finger down between them. She stretched and her legs were apart.

I lowered my head between her legs and very lightly started licking the outside of her pussy. She moaned a little and said nice way to wake up. I took that as an invitation and dove in. My tongue was lashing her clit, then circling it, then burying itself deep inside those sweet lips. She was waking up in a hurry and moaning loudly. I concentrated on her clit and she was cumming hard. 

When her orgasm subsided I mounted her and buried my cock deep inside her. We fucked for a while and she had another small orgasm. I got her up on her hands and knees so we could get a good one. She was matching my thrusts, but not climbing to that peak she reached the other day. I remembered what I did to get her there, and grabbed a handful of hair and pulled her head back. Lisa was now on the way to another hard orgasm. When I sensed that she was almost there, I moistened my thumb in my mouth and placed it on her tiny back hole. She started cumming at once, and I pushed that thumb all of the way in. She collapsed on the bed from the strength of that orgasm, pilling my cock out in the process. Lisa was shaking, and crying. 

I needed to cum. I rolled her onto her side, got behind her and carefully guided my cock into her dripping wet pussy. Slowly I kept pushing until I was completely inside of her. Long slow strokes from my hard cock got her going again. Soon Lisa was pushing back at me harder than I was pushing into her. It didn't take much for me to reach my climax. I reached around to her tits and squeezed a nipple as I exploded deep inside her. She came with me, and started shaking and crying again. When we recovered from the orgasms, she cleaned me up by licking and sucking my cock. She did this automatically and I loved it. Then we took a shower together.

After our shower we had a huge breakfast, without clothing as usual, and talked about the weekend and her expectations and thoughts. Lisa commented that anal was unexpectedly good, she had never thought about sex outside and it was great. She expressed that she was really surprised at herself for letting me take nude pictures of her in the grassy meadow, but she was glad I had. Lisa told me she loved sucking my cock, she enjoyed deepthroating me even if she wasn't real good at it, and cleaning me up after I cun was like desert to her. I asked what was there left that she wanted to do.

She turned beet red and blurted out "I want a 3 some." I must have looked shocked because she started apologizing to me for saying it. I assured her that if she really wanted that I would gladly be a part of it, but SHE had to find another man. I could see that her nipples were really hard, the thought of 2 guys pleasing her had turned her on. While we were cleaning up the kitchen I came up behind her and wrapped my arms around her in a big bear hug. Feeling one of her tremendous tits in each hand I played with her nipples. I rubbed them between my thumb and forefinger while caressing her big boobs with my other fingers. When Lisa started moaning I slipped my now big erection between her legs. She began to squirm on my erection as I continued playing with her bountiful boobs. I whispered in her ear, "Get the lube so I can fuck you in the ass again." She jumped and said lets meet on the big bed. 

She was there in a flash, lube in hand and a tremendous smile on her face. "How did you know that's what I wanted?" I replied, "I'm getting to know your body language pretty well."

She leaned over the side of the bed, stuck her ass up in the air and handed me the lube. I bent over and started kissing and licking all of those delectable spots between her legs. When I got to that puckered little hole and licked it she was squirming again. When I stuck my tongue in there she was moaning loudly. Lisa mumbled, get me wet with your tongue and don't use the lube. I countered, it could hurt. She mumbled back, I don't care. So I lathered up that rose bud of an opening with a lot of saliva, and got ready to fuck her ass.

As soon as my cock touched her back hole she tensed. I slapped her on the ass and told her to relax or I was using the lube. She relaxed a little so I tried again. Her body was still tense but I pushed the head in anyway. It popped into her butt and she let out a yelp. I slapped her ass again. RELAX. I waited as the tension drained from her body. The hard part was over and she started to feel good about it. I decided to fuck her differently this time. In one big push, I filled her butt with all of my cock. Lisa grunted and pushed back at me to make sure she had it all in her. I started a fast back and forth rhythm and she responded in kind. She was moaning, cumming, crying and begging for more. I stopped and asked what did she want more of? I want all of you in me and I want you to cum deep inside my ass. I had learned to like hearing her talk like that, so I pulled out and said you can sit on me and get it deeper. 

I lay down on the bed on my back. She climbed over me to sit on my cock when I told her to get it wet again. She smothered my erection with those luscious lips and soaked me with her mouth. I finger fucked her pussy while she was tending to me. When I was soaked she climbed onto the end of my cock and pushed straight down. I couldn't believe how deep into her ass I went. She started shaking the second she hit bottom, the moaning and crying followed. I sat up and sucked on one of her massive mammaries to make her orgasm the best ever. It took forever for her to come down from this one.

Lisa was leaning against my chest, limp like a dishrag, with my cock still deep inside her. When the shaking subsided I started to move in and out, slowly penetrating her bowels. She regained her senses, pushed me back down on the bed and said let me do this. In seconds she was pumping up and down on my cock and squeezing it with her ass. I couldn't hold back and emptied my balls inside her. The feeling was great, her ass was tight, but not too tight and the muscles she used to squeeze me were almost like milking me. She had a huge grin on her face as she felt me cumming. She leaned over and kissed me tenderly and said thank you for fucking my ass. She then cleaned me up with her inviting mouth and ran to the bathroom. When she came back we fell asleep in each others arms.

When we woke up we were still in each others arms. I watched her sleep for a minute then watched her wake up. It was going to be hard for me to wear clothes when I get home since I spent so much time nude with her. She slowly woke up and said I'm hungry, let's find some food. For lunch we finished the eggs, bacon, sausage and bread we brought with us. Afterwards I mixed margaritas and we sat on the balcony overlooking the town and talked about her desire for a 3 some.

Lisa wanted 2 men pleasing her at once. Fill any 2 holes at the same time; take turns fucking me, whatever cums up. She just wanted it bad. I could see her nipples were hard again. This really excited her. We decided to go to the local Hooters for wings for supper. There were always a lot of guys there eyeing the waitresses and maybe we could find a lone male there. 

Since it was still early afternoon we had some time to kill, and bed wasn't going to fill it today. We wanted to save all of that for tonight. We spent the afternoon getting ready to move out in the morning. Checked with the front desk to insure we knew the procedure for checking out. We also had another drink to relax us. 

Watching Lisa pack up her clothes made me very sad. I was really going to miss this wonderful woman. We decided she should wear her short jeans skirt and the sexy top she bought at the outlet mall. About 6:30 we headed to Hooters. The place was packed and jumping. We selected a table in the back corner so we could check out the guys.

There was a man sitting by himself at a table across the room. Lisa was checking him out as we ordered. Is he the one I asked? Maybe she replied. As we ate I noticed the man across the way was checking out Lisa's fabulous legs under her short skirt. I told her he was looking and she said I know, he seems interested, maybe he would do for me. 

She finished her meal and said I want him, what do I do? I said slide that skirt up higher so he sees lots of thigh, and lean over and say something to me so he sees some cleavage. She crossed her legs the other way, and the guys eyes bulged out. She had flashed her thong at him. When she leaned over to me she asked "are you sure this is OK with you?" I replied, arch your back and make those tits stand out. Yes it's OK with me. I brought you here to fulfill yours needs and fantasies, so let's do it. Lisa said he likes what he sees, what is the next move? I replied, give him another look and if he doesn't come over here, you go over to him.

Lisa looked leery, but recrossed her legs and flashed him again. He didn't move so I instructed her to go over to him, lean down so she could see a lot of her tits and ask him if he wanted to fuck. If he says yes, tell him I will be there too. Go from there with however he reacts. Invite him to join us at our table until we finish our drinks. Across the room she went. Her skirt was tight across her ass as she leaned over to talk to him. From the grin on his face I knew a 3 some was on. She brought him over to meet me. His name was Hal and he was in town on business for the night. Nicely dressed and polite, it looked like she had made a good choice. He asked if we were married and we answered no. In no time flat we were back at the condo.

I ushered Lisa and Hal into the room and closed and locked the door behind me. I walked up to Lisa and gave her a big, sloppy French kiss and grabbed a handful of her ass. I slipped her skirt up so Hal could see the thong she was wearing then released her. I told her to show Hal what he was in for by undressing while I mix Margaritas. She had this huge grin on her face as she slowly undressed. Her sexy top on the counter, followed by her bra. Her tremendous tits fell out of that bra, and brought a gasp from Hal. She lowered her skirt to the floor revealing those nice long legs and her transparent thong front. The thong was on the floor next and she twirled around so we both could see her body. 

I turned off the blender and walked over and kissed her. I think Hal deserves a nice welcome kiss, don't you. Hal looked at me questioning the deal. I said Hal, she wants you, and this is for her. Enjoy yourself with her, I do. They met in the middle of the room and kissed deeply. I finished the drinks and watched as Hal ran his hand up and down that fine looking ass and then played with her tits. She was moaning now and the fun hadn't even started. I took the drinks into the living room and they broke their embrace. Hal had an erection poking his pants and Lisa was flushed. 

Here are margaritas if you want them, or we could move to the bedroom. Lisa grabbed a drink and was in the bedroom in a flash. Hal looked at me and I said you first. When we got in the bedroom Lisa asked why she was the only one nude. Quickly we all were nude. I kissed her again and asked if she wanted Hal now. She nodded yes, so I said Hal she is all yours. 

Hal immediately moved over to the bed where she was sitting and kissed her again. His hard on showed how ready he was. Quickly he was on top of her and pushing his cock into her pussy. She was moaning harder and pushing back at him. She looked at me and mouthed thank you. Hal moved her into the doggie position and I remembered her words. Any 2 holes at the same time, whatever, so I slid my body underneath her and watched as she hungrily devoured my cock with that now expert mouth. 

Lisa was sucking and licking and trying to deep throat and moaning. I knew the next thing was shivering and crying so I slid out from under her. No sooner than I moved her orgasm hit her. She was shaking, crying, moaning, bucking back at Hal and cumming like crazy. This put Hal over the edge and he shot his load inside her. They collapsed on the bed. Hal had a worried look on his face. Is she OK? Hal relax, she just had a great climax. 

I said there are going to be a lot of them for her tonight. I lay down next to her and cuddled her. She smiled at me and asked if I wanted seconds. Of course my lovely was my response. I got on top of her and entered in one big lunge. She yelped a little, and said you are bigger than Hal. I rocked forward a couple of time then lifted her feet up into the air, and went to work pounding that pussy. Hal watched in amazement as she started cumming again so soon. When this one finished I pulled out of her and started licking and sucking her breasts. 

Lisa yelled I need a cock, now. Hal wasn't ready for another go so I told her you have to wait until I am done making love to these big tits. She groaned and quit complaining. When she started moaning a little I pulled away and told her to suck me off. She was more than happy to oblige and sucked me, licked me, successfully deep throated me until I blew my load into the depths of her throat. She swallowed eagerly and made sure she cleaned me up real good. She said now I need that drink. We moved back out to the living room to take a breather. 

Sitting in the living room naked seemed to give Lisa some extra courage. She asked if she could have me in her ass at the same time Hal was in her pussy. I responded, with or without lube. She said lube felt better. Hal was getting hard thinking about it. He asked if Lisa would deep throat him and swallow his cum. She hesitated and looked at me. Whatever you want dear. She nodded to Hal, after you are both done fucking me at the same time.

Since I am bigger than Hal I got the bottom. First I got Lisa's ass up in the air at the edge of the bed and lubed her all up. Then I slowly worked my dick into that beautiful, tiny hole. Hal was amazed. When I got all of me in her I pumped a couple of times and asked if she was ready for Hal. She nodded yes, but said I want to suck him a little first. Hal slid under her, like I did when they were fucking doggie style and let her suck his cock.

She hadn't cleaned him up like she does me so he was surprised that she sucked his cock. I slowly pumped in and out oer ass while she sucked. She got him good and hard then said fuck me. He slid out from under her and I said we have to change positions. I lay on the end of the bed with my back and ass on the bed and my feet on the floor. I made Lisa lay on top of me on her back. She slid my cock back into her ass with no problem and adjusted her body for maximum depth of my cock. This left her pussy open and inviting for Hal.

He stepped between our legs and stuffed his hard on into Lisa's wet pussy. She moaned at once. Hal started moving in and out while Lisa and I stayed still. She was cumming in seconds. The real hard kind of orgasm. She was shivering and crying as usual, but she also was mumbling under her breath, oh my god, oh my god, this is fantastic. Hal picked up the pace and Lisa fell limp on me. She was shivering hard, sobbing and out of control. I motioned for Hal to back off for a minute.

I rolled over, still inside of her ass and lay on the bed, cuddling her from behind. Hal was confused. I told him that is the way Lisa is. She cums so hard she almost blacks out, and we weren't doing anything to her that she wasn't aware of and agreed to. As usual, Lisa came down from her high in a minute or 2. When Lisa was ready we went back to the same position. 

Lisa tried to take control of the movements, but with me in her ass and Hal in her pussy she was impaled on 2 hard cocks and really couldn't move. Hal controlled the action and he was enjoying it. Fast and deep, Slow all the way out and slow all the way back in. Lisa started moaning again so Hal picked up the pace. When she started crying he thrust in as deep as he could and that triggered another big orgasm for Lisa. Again Hal moved away and Lisa and I cuddled. 

She said you need cleaned up Tom, so I pulled out of her and let her do her thing. Hal gasped again. I mentioned to him that he wouldn't enjoy all of the things with Lisa that I did. She licked and sucked and licked some more. I think he was trying to get me to cum. I finally pulled her away and told her it was time for her to deep throat Hal. 

Lisa smiled real pretty and said come here big boy. She lay on the edge of the bed and told him to stand in front of her. When he did she grabbed his cock and put it into her mouth and started sucking. She slowly worked all of him down her throat and started milking his cock. He was cumming in seconds. Lisa swallowed it all and gave him a big grin. She turned to me and said fuck me now.

I picked her up by the hips and positioned her on the edge of the bed and plunged in. I fucked her with deep fast strokes and short fast strokes. I had cum too many times today to get off quick. She would cum hard; I would let her down easy, and then start all over again. Lisa went into a continuous cumming mode that I hadn't seen from her before. She shivered, cried, moaned and begged me not to stop. Lisa finally collapsed on the bed under me and lay very still. She had passed out.

I lay next to her comforting her and waited for her to regain her senses. She came to in a couple of minutes, looked at me and asked if I had cum yet. No I haven't I replied. Hal sat there in disbelief. She had taken my cock in her ass, mouth and pussy for long periods of time and I was still hard. Lisa asked him if he was ready to go yet. He was at half mast so she grabbed his dick and started sucking it. 

Hal wasn't getting hard so she started sucking and licking his balls, still no hard on so she moved back to his anus and started licking. He got hard in a hurry. She told him to get back into her pussy and fuck her good. She turned her head to the side of the bed and said bring that cock here for me to suck. I was getting sore from all of the action today so I was glad she was sucking me. I told her softly babe, be gentle. She was being fucked like mad by Hal and building up to another cum, but managed to be gentle. Hal was pounding away like crazy and Lisa started to shiver. I watched her face as the moaning became louder and the crying started. It was awesome. The most satisfied face in the world, but filled with lust. Hal made her cum 2 more times before he blew his load in her cunt. This triggered another big orgasm from Lisa and I jerked my cock out of her mouth, afraid she might bite it. 

When Lisa came down this time she thanked Hal for all of the good fucking, helped him dress and showed him the door. She was still naked but didn't care if there was anyone in the hall to see. When he was gone she thanked me for the best sex ever and asked what she could do to get me off. I replied, give me the best sex ever by doing what you have been doing and I'll fill your mouth with cum. She said tell me where to start.

I said my ass needs tongue fucked and licked. Start licking and then tongue fucking. She went right to work and boy she was doing it with gusto. The best yet, deep, slow tongue fucks, long wet ass licks, she even sucked my balls into her mouth and licked them. I knew I couldn't take that for long so I said now in your ass again.

Lisa asked lube or no lube. Lube was my reply. She lubed me up and reached between her legs and lubed up her hole. I lay on the bed and she climbed on and slid my erection into her ass. She was in control being on top and loved it. That look was all over her face again. The look on her face was blissful, and filled with lust. Lisa slowly worked up and down my cock with even slow strokes. She flexed those ass muscles once but I told her none of that. She was starting to moan again so I let her ride out another orgasm. When she finished I told her to get off and deep throat me so I could cum in her mouth and throat. 
