 Editor's Note: story contains bisexual male scenes.

*

The first day of a new job is always exciting. Especially so if the person training you is a beautiful, brown eyed, tight bodied, Mexican American girl. God! She was hot! Lea had long black gleaming hair spilling around an olive face set with big brown doe-eyes. A firm upside down heart shaped butt clad in tight white scrub pants. Thin enough to let you see through to the small red hearts on her panties. Did she know that you could see the hearts? Not only was she sexy but she laughed the first day away with me as we worked. I was in lust!

I spent the first few months at that job doing my manly best to get into those panties! Charm and wit oozed out of me in those days. Every time that I mentioned that we should go out she would dismiss me with the dreaded words, "I have a boyfriend!" I was pretty sure she did have one. You can usually tell if the fake boyfriend is just the nice way to tell you "Piss off!" But she was nice about it, laughing off my advances and giving detail and depth to a boyfriend who was most likely real. But, hell, he didn't work here, so I just kept plodding (or to an extent, pleading) along with dim hopes of bedding her.

One day, to my dismay, she told me that her boyfriend, Scott, was going to start working with us the next week. I used the last days to cajole, flirt, beg, and plead that we needed to fuck. Figuring that when he walked through the door, I had to start acting accordingly.

To my surprise Scott and I hit it off! We liked to read and riff on politicians, drink beer and generally had the same interests. It wasn't long after we met that we were hanging out on our days off. Lea seemed to not mind (I think she was happy that my advances had stopped.)

One weekend Scott and I went to a strip joint. Ogling dancers and drinking way too much beer. As the drunken night grew long Scott started to tell me about him and Lea. 

"She won't suck dick," he said out of the blue.

"How do you know?" I replied, "Have you been here before?" I thought he was speaking of a dancer who had a peace symbol tattooed on her ass cheek. 

"Lea." He shook his head. "No matter what, she absolutely refuses oral. Giving and receiving." 

"Shame," I said. "I would eat your girlfriends pussy till she screamed!" And of course in my drunken state I proceeded to tell him of just how much I had been trying to get in his girls pants.

"Good luck," he raised his beer and smiled with a look that said I was barking up the wrong tree.

We stumbled to his place fairly early for a Saturday and found a note from Lea that she had gone to visit her mother. I fell back onto the couch and Scott got us a beer and fired up a joint. We discussed some random books and flipped channels on the tube for awhile and not long after we had started adding to our buzz Lea called to see if we were home and to tell Scott she would be home in an hour or so. 

It was nearing midnight and was gathering my wits for the drive home. We pretty much were just stoned watching crap television and it was a good idea for me to hit the road before I got too trashed to drive. 

"Are you horny, man?" Scott mumbled out of the blue. All I could muster was, "What?"

"Are you horny?" He asked again. 

"I'm always horny." I laughed.

"Ever had dick?" He eyed me through drugged slits.

I was kind of in a mild state of shock. I had really never considered a man. I looked him over. We were young, mid twenties. Scott was about six foot with reddish brown hair that came past his shoulders. He and Lea worked out but they weren't all muscled out, just tone.

"Can I suck your dick?" 

"What?"

"I want to suck your dick." He said matter of factly and got up from his chair and sat back down beside me on the couch.

"I don't know man." Was all I could muster. He reached over and put his hand on my crotch. "It feels like you want it," he said, "Take your pants off." He started to unbutton my fly.

I was at a crossroads. I had a throbbing cock and a willing mouth, it just happened to be the goateed mouth of my friend. And the mouth I really wanted was at the moment visiting her mother. In my drunken haze a plan started to form, more of a fantasy than a plan, but a way forward with Lea's pussy at the end.

I stood up. Scott pulled the remaining buttons on my fly. When each button unfastened my bulging dick pushed closer to freedom and a world it had never known. Finally when the last one loosened he pulled my jeans to the floor. Scott cupped a hand under my balls and gave a squeeze. 

"Big." He breathed in a mumbled voice.

"I do my best." I smiled.

He pulled at the waistband of my shorts, letting the head slowly peek out from the cotton. Using his thumb he slicked pre-cum from the slit and rolled it around the head. His hands felt hot and firm on my balls and I started to tremble in anticipation of having my cock buried in his mouth. 

In one quick movement my shorts were down with my jeans and one hand firmly grasped my shaft. Scott moved from the couch to his knees in front of me and cupped my balls again with one hand. He lifted my stiff member using my balls as a base and rested the head of my dick on his outstretched tongue. Slowly he moved his slick tongue under the head and along my shaft. Pushing his lips together under the glans to find the sensitive spot. He sucked and nibbled me there. 

He hadn't even put my dick in his mouth and I was ready to cum. "God Scott, suck me!" I moaned. He took his eyes from my cock tilted his head, smiled and opened his mouth. Looking up at me he rammed my cock to the back of his throat. I could feel his tongue lapping at the base of my cock. I had never been deep throated before! What bliss. As he held my cock firm with clamped mouth and slithering tongue he squeezed my balls almost to the point of pain. 

I couldn't talk, I could barely breathe! He pushed farther into me and squeezed his tongue under my prick to reach my balls with it. He pushed my balls with the palm of his hand up into his mouth to rest under my dick. Suddenly with a gasp he broke free of me and breathed deep.

"I love cock," he said, "I've fantasized about you fucking my face!" He laid back and rested the back of his head on the couch cushions.

"Fuck my mouth. Bury your cock in my throat!" He reached up and guided my dick to his lips. Pushing down on my cock I guided it between his lips. Scott reached up and grabbed my ass cheeks pulling my saliva wet cock down to it's base into his mouth. He pushed me out quickly and said, "Fuck me hard-cum down my throat!" I was almost gone now. All I wanted to due was pump a load of hot jizz in his throat. 

He pulled me close again and opened his mouth for my meat. I rammed my cock in as far as I could go. Scott gurgled and choked but never pushed my cock out. Instead he pulled me even closer. Tears formed in the corners of his eyes and drool poured from his bottom lip. I pulled back to let him breath and he forcefully pulled my cock back deep into his throat. I pumped my cock over his tongue and felt his throat loosen to take more in. I pulled my cock out to his lips and rammed the length of it back deep. He wanted to be face fucked and I was obliging. I pumped my cock into his throat and grabbed a handfull of hair and let out, "Oh fuck! I'm gonna cum!" He shook his head to free my hands from his hair and let my shaft slip out to his lips. Grabbing my shaft at the base he opened his mouth wide and rested the head of my prick on his tongue again. Looking up at my face he guided my hips back and forth so my cock slid over his outstretched tongue. With one hand he squeezed my balls and with the other he stroked my shaft. 

"I want you to watch me swallow your cum." He moaned. 

The room started to spin as my sack tightened, "Here it comes, Scott!" I almost yelled as the first seed traveled my shaft to his waiting tongue. He furiously pumped my rod as the first splashes of cum found a home at the back of his throat. As he drank my cum he tightened his grip on my cock sliding it from base to tip. Squeezing every drop onto his lips and tongue.

I sank back onto the couch and Scott headed to the bathroom. As I heard the water pour from the tap I heard keys rattling in the door behind me.

Chapter 2: 

Lea opened the door and gave me a look that said, "You haven't gone home yet?"

"Hi Lea." I hoped I didn't look disheveled or at the least like I just hadn't blown a load into her boyfriends mouth.

"Where's Scott? And what did you guys do tonight?" She asked.

"Scott is in the bathroom and we went to the strip club!" I knew that she would not approve since she had just spent the evening with her highly religious mother.

"Hmmmm." Was all she could muster.

"And you? Did you spend the last three hours prayin' and telling your Mom what a good little girl you have been?" I laughed.

"Pretty much, a little soul searching wouldn't hurt you, Zach." She sat down and grabbed an open beer bottle from the table and tipped it towards me, "Scott's?" she asked and took a pull.

"You know that if I stepped foot in church it would go up in flames!" I ran my eyes up Leas smooth legs to her cut offs. Curious if her panties had little hearts on them. Then up to her tank top and those small titties. They were sheathed in a bra but I could imagine her nipples as dark brown strawberries. And decided that my plan (Ahem, FANTASY) needed to start taking root now. 

"Is all this time spent in devotion with your Mom the reason my boy can't get a blowjob?" I smiled.

"Is that what you guys spend your time talking about? My sex life?" She gave me a semi pissy look. Her eyes said "Fuck you." But the faint smile told me "I'm listening."

"Well, I told Scott about my months long quest to get into your pants. And you know what he told me? He said 'Good luck!' And then he informs me that you don't give OR receive head! What's that about?"

Lea set the bottle down on the table and leaned towards me, "As if it's any of your business but I think it's gross."

"Just the basics, huh? Good ole' God fearin' missionary for Lea? What's so gross about it?"

"I don't JUST do missionary position. But putting a dick in my mouth seems so, ICK!" She made a sour face to show me just how much she thought of the act.

"So, I gather from what you say that you really have not given ANYONE a blow job, right?" I laughed, "Poor Lea." 

She shook her head, "No. What's so great about it anyway?"

"It's the power, Lea. Simple as that. You have the ability to make someone putty in your hands. Watching the pleasure you give someone is such a turn on. Man or woman. Pussy or cock. It's a turn on, for me at least."

"Is it now?" Lea cocked her head to the side and took another pull from the bottle in front of her, "And how many blow jobs have you given. huh Zach?"

"Enough to teach you how. I could also help you with that aversion to having your pussy eaten, too!" I didn't know if this conversation was going to get me in deep shit with my friend but seeing that he just had my dick down his throat, I was willing to gamble. 

"Scott has a big mouth!" She laughed.

"He does!" I burst out with a meaty laugh, "More than you know! I gotta get home before the real drunks start driving. Listen Lea, if you really want to break out from your Moms Catholic death grip and start getting your feet, among other things, wet. Just tell me. I'll be happy to school you in the finer points of getting off." I figured this is where she says goodbye and tells Scott I am not welcome, I mean I had just asked her to fuck, again!

"I'm not stupid Zach. You're asking me to give you head and you'll grade me or something. No thank you!" She stood up and stretched. 

"I said I would teach you, I wasn't asking for head." I got up and opened the front door. "Tell Scott I'll see him at work Monday."

Lea followed me to the door. She put her hand on the door and asked, "How do you suppose you'll teach me then?"

I smiled, "Scott has a dick."

"You want to give Scott a blowjob?" She squinted at me as if she heard me wrong.

"No. We'll give Scott a blowjob. And after you see what it does for him AND YOU I think you'll let us eat your pussy too! I'm not asking for a blowjob and I'm not asking you to fuck ME. I am asking to fuck BOTH of you!" There it was my master plan, the one I just thought of a few hours before, but masterful in the least.

"Think it over, see ya Monday!" I fled through the doorway.

"Zach?" She called as she was swinging the door shut, "Ask Scott." And she shut the door.

Chapter 3:

Lunch on Monday was when I caught up with Scott at work. 

"Howsit?" I asked him. 

"Same shit. Already can't wait for Friday." He pulled out a book and started to read. 

"What we gonna do this weekend? Club? Smoke and drink? Same shit?" I said to the book now facing me.

"I don't know what Lea is doing." The book said.

"Prayer with Mom I'd bet." I laughed.

"Most likely." Said the book.

I caught up with Lea later in the week on break.

"Gave any thought to my proposal?" Was the first thing from my lips.

"I have Zach. Did you ask Scott?" She smiled a "Gotcha" smile.

"I didn't. And you didn't either because it's been business as usual between us." 

"I'm sure you guys are going to go drink and ogle strippers this weekend, right?" She knew us too well!

"Probably. Got any other ideas?" I liked how this was going. Even talking about our conversation from the other day was a step in the right direction. 

"I'm supposed to go to my Moms Friday, but I suppose that I will be home before you two. Say midnight?" She gave me a nervous smile, "But if you don't tell Scott and this goes wrong, you get all the blame. I don't want him thinking you and I just want to fuck and are throwing him in the middle to justify it."

"Done and done!" I think I skipped as I walked away. 

Chapter 4:

Friday night found Scott and I sitting stage side drinking and being relieved of money one dollar at a time. I had decided to not mention Leas and my conversation. I was sure that everything would go as planned, at least up to the moment I touched his girlfriend, I still had questions about what would happen at that moment.

Beers were downed, dollars were distributed, and the watch on my wrist seemed to go in slow motion. As it set in on Midnight I started to hint that it was time to be going. After the last swigs of beer and last dollars were slipped under g strings we started the drive home.

As I pulled out of the lot Scott reached his hand over the console and rested it on my cock, "You horny Zach? Let's go to your house." He breathed.

"Sorry man, no can do, house is full of roomies. Where's Lea?" I smiled, my house was empty as a tomb, but we were going to his place tonight. As long as Lea made good on her end he wouldn't care where he was!

"She went to her Mom's, but it's almost midnight, she'll be home soon." He removed his hand and sat in silence. I almost laughed. It was like a kid who was told no dessert for you!

We pulled up to his place and saw his car in the drive. "Looks like Lea is home, man." I giggled a little. 

"Alright." he said and opened his door, I'll see ya later." 

I shut the car off and followed him from the car, "I need to use the facilities before I bail."

He opened the door and let me through, "Go ahead. Lea! We're home!" He yelled. 

I walked down the hall towards the bathroom as Lea came from the back bedroom.

"Hi Teach." She was wearing boxers and a thin white tank that let me see how dark her nipples really were. "How were the girls tonight?"

"So so. I think there were some day shifts pulling a double." 

"I skipped Moms and stayed home with a joint and a Valium. See you in the living room!"

When I appeared in the living room Scott and Lea were sitting side by side on the couch sharing a joint. Scott handed me a beer and motioned me to sit. I flopped down beside him opposite Lea.

"So Scott," Lea started, "Zach tells me you are upset that I won't go down on you. That true?" 

I could have died. Scott turned to me with a hurt look. 

"Now, don't get mad at him," she turned his head back towards hers, "I'm the one that should be mad. Talking about our sex life with people. I thought about it and decided that I could be mad about you telling Zach or I could right the wrong."

"What?" Scott answered with a confused look. "Right the wrong?"

"That's right," she smiled, "I could learn to suck cock. And Zach here is going to teach me."

He turned his head towards me again. A look of doubt on his face. I knew what that look said, it said, "you ratted me out for sucking your dick?"

I just smiled, "If you're cool with that."

"Uh, ok." He choked.

"I don't mean to sound all textbook but where do we start?" Lea pulled her hair back quickly and put it in a ponytail.

"We should get his shirt off, first." I smiled at her. Scott lifted his arms and we worked his shirt up over his head. He let his head fall back onto the cushions. "Kiss him." I told her. Lea responded by getting up on her knees and planting a small kiss to Scott's lips. "Like you mean it!" I said. She placed a hand on his cheek and parted his lips with hers. Running her tongue across his lips and finding his tongue with hers. I watched him suck in her bottom lip and heard the wet smack as he released it. She sighed and licked his chin. "We haven't kissed like this forever!" He exclaimed. 

Lea bent down to explore his open mouth with her tongue and I took the moment to slip my shirt off. I bent my head down and circled Scott's nipple with my tongue. Flitting across his nipple with my tongue elicited a small moan into Lea's mouth. She disengaged from his lips to watch me suck his nipple. Following my lead Lea moved her mouth down his chest to the other nipple and flicked it with her tongue. "My God!" Scott breathed.

As Lea worked his nipple, biting and teasing it, I slipped my hand to the bulge in Scott's shorts. I squeezed his cock and trailed my fingers down it's length. I found Lea's hand and guided it to the bulge. As she caressed his dick I asked, "Should we lose the shorts, Lea?" Before she could answer Scott lifted his hips and pulled his shorts off and kicked them under the table. 

Scott's cut cock was thick and about seven inches long. And stood straight up between Lea and me. "What now, professor?" Lea giggled.

"We should move this to where we have some room." I replied. Grinning Scott stood up and unceromoniously headed down the hall. Lea stood to follow and I was right behind. 

Scott sat down on the edge of the bed and I walked to him and pushed his chest back to the mattress. I pulled Lea with me to our knees in front of him. "You could dive right in Lea, but where's the fun in that. Because right now you should forget everything except what feels good. That is the name of the game 'If it feels good-do it!'It's the buildup you see." And with that I parted Scott's knees slightly to get a good look between them. His member was rigid and laying flat on his belly.

Lea watched as I ran my tongue from Scott's balls and up the shaft to the glans. I swirled my tongue under the head and raced back down to his balls. He moaned and Lea watched, fascinated at how his cock would jerk, straining to be upright as I washed his balls with my tongue.I pulled down hard on his sack and sent his cock straight up to face the ceiling. I ran my tongue up to the tip catching a string of pre-cum and slowly lifting it, stretching the liquid into a thread from tongue to cock. Just as the thread was ready to snap I dove my mouth over the head running my tongue under it as it sank into my mouth. Scott trembled as his cock disappeared. Lea rested her head on his knee taking in the scene with those big brown eyes.
