 "Rachaad, let me show you how to massage your wife."

Considering that moments before the three of us had been a tangled sweaty mess of sex and passion, this was an abrupt change of direction. He was like the energizer bunny-his incredibly sculpted body worked like a fucking-machine. She responded to his energy, but I wanted him to see her sensuality.

"Danielle, it is your turn to be worshipped. Lay down here, and let me take over."

Her slow smile proved that my instincts were on target. She laid back on the blanket spread on the floor as I pulled out the bottle of aphrodisiac massage oil.

"Close your eyes."

As Rachaad knelt opposite me, I spread a drop of oil over my fingers and reached out to offer the delicious scent to him. His groan of approval was all that I needed. I started by gently stroking the sides of her face, trailing my fingers along her sculpted cheek bones, teasing the relaxation from her.

The delicately rich aroma of the oil penetrated her sexual haze and she moaned softly, releasing the breath she had been holding. This was a new experience for me. Never before had I given a woman a sensual massage while her husband watched, while we were all naked. 

Her beauty entranced me, her dark hair, and eyes very exotic -- the embodiment of my own female ideal. My fingers could not constrain themselves, and slowly I moved from her face to her neck with the gentlest of touches. Her soft sighs encouraged my exploration. I traced the smooth mounds of her full breasts, stopping to slowly encircle her dark nipples, teasing their softness to peaks of arousal. 

"I cannot believe how beautiful you are! Seriously, I love this!" 

Her shy giggle made all three of us burst into laughter...the sexual tension was rebuilding so very quickly. Suddenly I wanted to touch her whole body with mine. Pouring more oil into my hand, I began to massage my own breasts and moved so that I was kneeling between her legs. Her eyes fluttered open as I lowered my body to hers, my own full breasts sliding along hers as I used my entire body to massage hers.

"I can't watch this anymore!"

Rachaad's sudden outburst caught me off guard as he reached out to touch both of us. He moved so quickly that I turned to him, my breath catching as he slapped my ass.

"Oh, no you don't! I am not done with her!"

Rising, I said, "Danielle, turn over, he needs to be part of this."

As she turned, I looked at him, and caught his lips with mine, tasting the sweetness and excitement. I shifted position so that once again she lay between us.

I waited a moment, wanting her to be unsure of what would happen next. Wanting to surprise her, I unexpectedly drizzled the massage oil down her spine, the coldness of the oil making her gasp and giggle. Rachaad moved to touch her, but I grabbed his hand.

"Slow down! This is about touching her for the sake of touch, making her relax and pay attention to her own body."

Sensuously, I moved my hands over his, increasing pressure and taking control of his movements. Together, we slid our hands down her sexy back, and onto the rise of her hips. I could feel the moment that he understood the right amount of pressure.

I switched sides so that he was on the right and I was on the left.

"Mirror my movements," I whispered as our eyes locked.

He leaned over her and dragged his tongue across my lips, then nibbling in a soft tender kiss. I began to move my hands along her body, alternating speed and depth of pressure. He did well keeping up with my movements, feeling his wife's body relax under our touch.

Her moans increased, and I could tell that she was just as aroused by this as I was-as we both were. 

I moved toward her feet, leaving him to massage her back as I trailed my fingers along the curve of her ass, venturing to dip into the sweet, softness of her sex, just enough to tease.

"I love your body...and I'm not just saying that. You are gorgeous, I love your legs, the softness of your skin, the firmness of your muscles."

A sudden urgency hit me, and gently pushing him back, I urged her to turn over. As she did, I met her lips, the softness of her kiss surprising me again, so different from kissing a man, so incredibly yielding. I swiftly moved down her body, pressing her legs open, revealing her smooth wet sex to me. Spreading her labia with my fingers to reveal her clit, I tasted her again. 

Somehow, the massage had made both of us SO much wetter. I savored the taste of her, sucking her clit gently, dipping my tongue into her smooth pussy.

She did not speak, but her body arched toward me, greedily seeking more. I continued to suck on her clit as I applied a bit of lube to my fingers. I dipped into her, exploring with one finger, then two, then three, reaching for her g-spot. I wondered how far I could push her. What would she let me do?

As I pushed the fourth finger into her, she cried out, gyrating her hips, fucking back toward my hand. I took this as a sign of approval and increased the force of my penetration, wanting to get my whole hand into her, wanting to make her lose control and cum for me.

The sounds changed and I glanced up to see that Rachaad had filled her beautiful mouth with his hard cock. She took it all, deep, and his groans indicated that she was doing it quite well. 

I pulled my hand from her, tasting her arousal, running my tongue slowly up and down her juicy slit. Her clit stood proudly at attention, her pussy so very, very wet. My lips once again claimed her clit and I plunged my hand, this time most of it, into her. Her muscles clenched around me as she came, the pulsation squeezing me tightly, filling me with pride and lust. Her cries were drowned out by his cock in her throat, but her body said everything as she arched, simultaneously trying to get away and get more. 

As her climax subsided, I could tell that she needed a break. I moved away, watching as she continued to deepthroat his cock. 

She gasped for air, turning away from him, the trail of saliva entrancing me. I glanced up and caught Rachaad's eye.

"I want to fuck you again," he said, the animal look in his eyes saying that it was going to be a wild ride.

With a laugh, I tossed him a condom, and lay back, opening my own sopping wet pussy to him. I pulled myself up onto the couch as Danielle moved out of the way, breathlessly watching as he moved toward me.

He roughly pulled me to the edge of the couch and plunged his achingly hard cock into me with one swift stroke.

"AHHH, fuck!" 

I was surprised at the perfect roughness and agility with which he stabbed into me, burying his cock to the hilt. I rose back to meet him, equally excited by the moment. The angle of his cock rubbed perfectly against my engorged clit and I climaxed almost instantly. He fucked me hard and fast, and I could not hold back the orgasms. Wave after wave hit me and he used the last of his energy to plunder my eager body.

Our bodies moved as one, slick with oil and sweat. He kissed me roughly, taking what little breath I had and fucking me with a wild abandon. His hard body continued to nail into me, and as I scratched my nails along his back, he exploded with a barely contained yell, his cock pulsating into me as his entire body froze. I felt the heat of his cum exploding from his cock and came again, the powerful orgasm tearing through my body and leaving me breathless.

As we lay on the couch, gasping, Danielle moved closer and gently kissed each of us in turn.

"That was fantastic," she said, her gorgeous smile showing just how much she enjoyed watching him fuck me.

The laughter of agreement filled the room.