 Mark couldn't say exactly when he noticed it: this change that had come about in him, this strange desire to look at other men's asses. Perhaps if was honest he would say it had always been there but had been denied while he dated and got married.

But wherever it had come from it was now a strong urge that quickened his pulse and made him feel terribly guilty, but oh so alive at the same time. It was like discovering a whole new world. Suddenly he had twice as much eye candy to feast on. And in his private thoughts he was beginning to wonder what it would be like to peel a man's scants down his firm mound and touch the warm skin.

One day he was out walking in the park with his wife and all around him were delicious butts to ogle. He loved them all: from the slow, lazy roll of a chub's mega ass to the pert little cheeks on a twenty year old twink who was stripped to the waist and displaying bare, bronzed skin and two tiny nipples that looked like they were born to be kissed and teased.

And then this guy came walking along who gave as good as he got; he really stared hard, taking in Mark's toned body and beautiful legs. His eyes roamed from handsome face down to bare feet in sandals and then back up to the nice bulge in his shorts. Mark felt slightly panicked; is this what it looked like when he ogled a guy? It was so blatant and so wrong, and so incredibly delicious. Feeling really naked and guilty he took hold of Angela's hand and quickened his step. The cock cruising stud had gone by but Mark couldn't get him out of his mind. He went home and screwed Angela like she had never been screwed before.

Afterwards, when they were lying in the afterglow of their lovemaking, she turned to him and asked what was on her mind.

'Was it that guy in the park?'

'Sorry?' Mark was a little confused, but also a little apprehensive. What guy, what was she talking about? Oh shit...

'That guy that really checked you out. Was it him that made you so horny?'

'I don't know what you're talking about.' he lied.

'You're not very good at lying.' she said. 'I've seen you checking out other guy's butts.'

Mark didn't know how to reply. He didn't want to hurt her but really was tongue tied and unable to respond.

'It's OK.' she said. 'I don't mind. If you want to be with a guy, that's cool. All I ask is that you let me watch.

Now Mark really was confused. A part of him wanted to go on denying what she said. He himself had never really articulated this desire he felt. It was so animal like that he didn't even have to think about it. It was just there, raising its naughty little head from time to time. And yet here she was offering him the chance to indulge his fantasy and have sex with another guy. Should he not grab that chance? But how would he feel having her watch him, and why would she want to do that?

'Why would I want to have sex with a guy?' he asked, when the question he really wanted to ask was "why would you want to watch me have sex with a guy?"

'Because they turn you on.' she replied. 'It is written all over your face.'

She reached underneath his belly and took hold of the raging hardon she knew she would find there. Mark knew he was defeated. It was time to talk about this. So they made love again and discussed how they would go about finding a man for Mark.

Angela found him first. She came home one day with a man in tow. He was in his early thirties, fairly slender and feminine looking; not quite Mark's usual type as he liked a bit of beef on the bone, but had a nice smile and seemed friendly enough.

'This is Phil.' Angela announced. 

Mark shook hands and welcomed their guest. He felt really embarrassed knowing that his wife had brought this man home for the sole purpose of matching them up for a little man mating. But Phil soon put Mark at ease. Mark thought perhaps Phil was Angela's hairdresser but it turned out he was an auto mechanic. They passed a hour or so talking about engines and racing and by the time Angela made her announcement Mark was so relaxed he had forgotten about the whole sex thing.

'Phil is going to give you a massage.' Angela said, as if it was the most natural thing in the world.

She went a fetched a rug and laid it on the living room floor. Mark felt his pulse racing; he was anxious and nervous but wanting this so bad at the same time.

'Ok, if you could strip and lay down on the rug.' Phil told him.

Mark quickly stripped off down to his underpants and lay down on the rug. He was a little surprised when Phil tugged on his underpants and worked them right off of him. Mark's cock suddenly surged into a hard on and he had to adjust his position to get comfortable. He felt some oil being applied to his back and he was soon experiencing one of the most pleasant things he could wish for. There was magic in Phil's fingers as he eased all the tension in Mark's back. His cock soon went down again as he relaxed and forgot all about sex.

It was only about half an hour later when Phil said he was done that Mark floated back to earth. He was a little disappointed; where was the sex? Phil went to the bathroom to wash his hands and Mark quickly scrambled back into his underpants and started to dress. He looked at Angela, and was just about to ask her about the sex when Phil came back into the room.

'Would you like me to come back next week?' Phil asked.

Did he ever! He just about fell over himself in his eagerness to let Phil know he wanted him to come back.

Each week after that Phil took thing a little further than the last time. That first week he hadn't even touched Mark's ass. The next week he briefly massaged his buns. The third week he gave them a really deep massage that left Mark feeling really hungry for something more. The fourth week he briefly touched Mark's butthole, almost causing him to leap right out of his skin. By week eight Mark had learned how to take a finger up the chute and he was loving it, and by week ten he had started to accept a vibrator.

But then Phil had to go away for two weeks. Mark was amazed at how often he thought about the little fella during the day. He still looked at big, chunky asses and wished to bury his bone in all that beef, but it was Phil that crowded his thoughts. The feel of his dainty hands sliding up and down his back and into his crack would forever be lodged in his brain. How could he be a mechanic with such dainty hands? And when he slipped his thumb into Mark's ass and stroked his balls and made him writhe about on the rug, that was out of this world!

When Phil came back Mark was so relieved to see him that as soon as the little guy came through the door he gathered him up in a bear hug and kissed him full on the lips. Phil's lips parted and Mark was shocked when he started kissing him properly. He could feel Angela rub his back through the thin cotton shirt that he wore. His cock was crushed between him and Phil and he could feel something surprisingly large jutting into him. Those five minutes were unlike anything Mark had ever known: kissing a guy, really kissing him and feeling really strong feelings for him, having his wife caress him at the same time and feeling the little guy's surprisingly large dong up close, they just blew his mind away.

This time there was no need for a massage. Phil started to unbutton Mark's shirt and Mark responded in the same way. Soon they were both naked and both Mark and Angela gasped when they saw the large, fat cock jutting out of the centre of the little guy. Phil easily had two inches on Mark's six and a half inch shaft. Phil's cock was also substantially fatter around with a pair of large brown nuts hanging below. It was as if all his growth hormones had been directed to his gonads. It was a cock that demanded attention and because Mark was too slow off the starting block Angela got down on her knees and cupped one hand around those big eggs while she guided his flared cockhead into her mouth.

Mark gasped. This was the horniest sight in the world, seeing his wife sucking on a big, juicy bone that would soon be his. How fucking hot was that! Never the less he was confused; he had always assumed that Phil was gay. Mark kneeled close by and stroked Phil's thigh while watching his wife's lipstick red gash of a mouth devour that thick shaft.

'I thought you were gay.' he said softly as he looked up at Phil.

'Are you going to tell him, or am I?' Phil asked Angela.

'Tell me what...' Mark asked.

Angela came off the spit slicked cock that she was so hungry for.

'Mark's bi.' she told her husband. 'The deal I made with him was that he could fuck you as long as he did me too.'

'I guess that's fair enough.' Mark replied.

The time for talking was over. Mark got behind Phil and cupped his small butt cheeks in his hands. He massaged them like Phil had done to him and then parted them. There right in the centre of his being was the wrinkled brown slit that Mark had dreamed about. It looked so rude, fringed with blondish hair, and Mark's desire overwhelmed him. His brain shut down as he buried his face in Phil's crack and ate out his first ever man hole. He grunted as he slurped away at that little love knot, sending shivers of delight coursing through Phil's body as husband and wife both loved him with their tongue.

It was Angela who broke away first. She lay down on her back and splayed her legs, revealing her beautiful pussy with its pronounced lips and moist pink interior. Phil lowered himself over her and entered her inviting depths. She quickly wrapped arms and legs around the little fella as he filled her with his gorgeous prick. Feeling a little left out all Mark could do was kneel nearby and sink his middle finger into Phil's spit wet hole. It was just the thing Phil needed and he sighed softly as he rocked between man and woman; one was soft and yielding, the other hard and demanding and he wanted them both. As much as he wanted to stay put where he was, slowly fucking both he and Angela to orgasm he knew he would have to concentrate on Mark this time around.

He withdrew from Angela and invited Mark to fuck his own wife. Angela happily accepted her husband's hard dick into her pussy. It felt like she was fucking him for the first time and from the way he was grinding his hips it looked like he had learned a few new tricks. But then Mark groaned and kept still. Angela guessed what was happening and had it confirmed when she moved he hand down Mark's back to his butt. Phil's face was buried in Mark's crack and he was giving her husband his first ever rim job. Although he stayed rigidly hard he seemed to have forgotten how to fuck until she started squirming about underneath him. They soon found a rhythm that worked for all three of them and gave themselves over to pleasure.

Ten minutes later Phil wanted and needed the real thing. He hoped that Mark would be able to cope. He had him withdraw from Angela and lay down on the rug. Using the lube he had brought along Phil started to prepare the way for his mushroom cap to slide past the guard of Mark's virgin ass. By the time Phil judged Mark ready the bottom man's ass was aflame with lust and desire. Angela sat cross-legged in front of Mark and cradled his head in her lap while Phil got into position.

Phil pressed his raging boner into the crack of Mark's pale, fleshy ass and rubbed his sensitive cockhead up and down the crack. Mark groaned loud enough to wake the dead as that warm, spongy cockhead rubbed over his asslips. It was a hundred times better than a finger, or a vibrator, and he couldn't wait for it to slide inside. But Phil took his time, teasing Mark almost beyond his endurance. Angela was incredibly turned on listening to her husband make these animal noises in his desperation to receive his first dicking.

Finally, when Mark was almost beside himself with cock desire, Phil started the long slow slide into Mark's tunnel of love. It went in so easily that Mark thought there had to be something wrong. Where was the pain he feared? He squeezed his assring tight...there definitely was something big and warm in there and it felt so incredibly good as it started to stroke in and out of him. Phil was very controlled, fucking slowly and steadily. It was left to Mark to wriggle about underneath him and to clench his assring tight against the delicious monster gliding in and out of his fuck canal.

Mark was so incredibly turned on that he had forgotten Angela for a while but he turned his attention back to her now, nibbling and licking her thighs. She uncrossed her legs and reached for a cushion. Placing this underneath her she was able to offer the furry pie of her pussy to her husband to eat as he got rogered. His tongue teased it's way up and down her upper thighs before licking the area where leg meets torso. He teased around her puffy lips before nibbling on them, driving her crazy. When at last his tongue slid into her she reached down and quickly flicked across her little button. The sounds of Phil's meaty cock sliding in and out of her husband's ass, Mark's groans as he ate her pussy and got pounded in the ass, they were too much for her. Her mumbling sighs soon rose to a wail and drowned out the men as she rode the crest of the first of her many orgasms.

Phil rolled Mark onto his side and Angela moved out of the way. She grabbed hold of her favourite vibrator and began to work herself up to another earth shattering climax as she watched the expressions on her husband's face. His eyes were closed but his eyebrows perfectly expressed the pleasure he was feeling. Each stroke of Phil's beautiful fat cock caused them to raise or knit together. He licked his lips and his flushed face was as sexy as she had ever seen it. Phil's hand was now closed around Mark's cock. His cockhead was almost maroon in colour, and was wet with his own excitement juices that Phil had smeared around with his thumb.

The sound of Angela reaching yet another orgasm was too much for Phil. His cock was sunk deep in this ass that he had desired right from day one. It had been a long haul but the wait had been worth it. His cockhead seemed really sensitive now and he could feel the soles of his feet start to tingle. He quickened his pace on Mark's cock as he took what he knew would be his last few strokes. Phil's big balls were drawn up tight and the sound of Mark's horny panting made blast off inevitable. He stroked Mark's sticky cock even faster and then Mark suddenly froze and clamped down on Phil's cock. Both men erupted at the same moment, their cries of ecstasy competing to drown out the other. Mark's cock seemed to be on fire as it sprayed his scalding jizz up against his belly and into the carpet as a deliciously wet sensation filled his ass as Phil spurted seven heavy jets of spunk.

Phil hugged Mark close as they struggled to get their breath back. Angela, totally spent now, came and lay down close to Mark and nuzzled into him. The men were soon snoring and she lay contentedly, close to her husband, listening to the snores of the man who was soon to be their full time lover.

END

Copyright 2005 Daniel Blue