 Being a single mother is very difficult and I rarely get to go out. It is just my luck that the one time I accept a date he cancels. Oh well, I thought, I didn't actually want to date him. I knew I just needed a good fuck. It had been so long since my divorce, I was starting to forget what a real cock felt like. I guess my toys will have to do for tonight I thought as I pulled my car into the driveway. All the lights were off in the house. I guess Maci didn't have any studying to do, I thought to myself. Maci is my babysitter and she is great at what she does. My baby loves her and she works so hard in college. I put my key in the lock and as quietly as possible opened the front door. I walked into the kitchen and put my purse and keys down on the table and flung off my black heels. I passed the mirror and admired myself. Damn, what a nice dress gone to waste. I had on a black skin tight dress that had a neckline darting down to right above my belly button and in hopes of getting lucky tonight I didn't even bother with a bra. I made my way to the living room to find Maci so I could pay her and send her home. 

Walking down the hallway I heard what sounded like...moaning? I tiptoed into the living room to see a few candles lit and Maci on the couch with her boyfriend, Dean. I immediately stopped in my tracks. They were making out on my couch, both topless. Oh my god, I thought! Is this what she does when I'm not here? What about the baby?! I was just about to barge in and let them have a piece of my mind when I realized I was mesmerized by the scene in front of me and couldn't move. Here my babysitter was on my couch fumbling around with her boyfriend, getting all hot and heavy and somehow I was finding myself turned on? I had always thought Maci was gorgeous. Her flowing red hair and long pale legs. She always walked around in her nice skirts with just the right amount of cleavage showing in her tops. She always smelled good, like vanilla. 

And I had met Dean a few times. He went to college too, but his was a few hours away so they only got to see each other on weekends. He always seemed like a nice young man, but right now staring at him without a shirt on was making me a little wet. I never knew he had such great abs. From the sound of it though, they were having a difficult time. Both were clumsy and kept bumping into each other. Maci even said ow a few times, but I still couldn't take my eyes away. By now I realized that for the past five minutes while I had stood here watching these 20 year olds go at it, I had been rubbing my clit through my panties and boy was I wet now. Well, I thought, if I couldn't get any dick tonight who am I to stop Maci from getting some. My mind instantly went to a naughty place I didn't even know I had. Perhaps instead of watching my usual porn I could just masturbate to these two love birds. I mean, this is my house after all and they don't even know I'm here, they would never know. I turned around to go upstairs to get my dildo and accidentally ran into one of my end tables, knocking a remote onto the floor. Uh-oh, what have I done?

Maci let out a tiny shriek and Dean instantly darted up from the couch as both of them set their eyes on me. "Ms. Anderson! You're home so early. We - I mean I- wasn't expecting you home until later" Maci started stammering as she put her shirt back on.

"I, um, see that. So is this what you do every night I'm gone?" I asked, pretending to be mad.

"Oh no, I would never. I am so sorry Ms. Anderson. It's just today was the only day I got with Dean and I'm just so sorry, please don't fire me!" 

"It's okay dear. I was your age once too and I understand the urges and needs you young people have."

"Um, you do?"

"Of course! We all have them. Hell, the only reason I was even going out tonight was to get laid" - to which Dean let out a chuckle. 

"What is so funny about that mister?" I asked him. 

"Well, it's just, you're like the hottest mom on the block, it can't be hard for you to get some."

"Oh well, how nice of you to say" I said blushing. Was Dean hitting on me? Hmm, I thought, maybe I still can get laid tonight...

"He is right Ms. Anderson, and I'm not just saying that because I don't want to get fired" Maci beamed. 

"Maci you have nothing to worry about, your job is safe. So how long have you guys been going at it on my couch?"

"Erm, well, not that long..."

"I watched you guys for about ten minutes you know" I eased in to it. 

"Oh my...um...I'm really sorry" they both began to say.

"It's perfectly fine! But you two seemed like you were having a little trouble..."

"Well, yeah...This is our first time"

"Really? How can that be? You're both so gorgeous. " I said surprised. Virgins?!

"You really think I'm gorgeous?" Maci asked.

"Oh yes honey I do, and judging from the hard on Dean still has I'd say he does too!" I replied as Dean quickly tried to cover his bulge. "Oh dear don't try to hide it, it appears you were blessed with a gift, no reason to be ashamed, use it!" I said throwing his hand off his crotch. 

"You know" I continued, "I could...help you guys"

"Help us how?" Maci asked.

"Well, the first time is always messy and clumsy, but I am very experienced...I could teach you a few things to make it more fun for the both of you"

Dean and Maci exchanged looks. "Would you really?"

"Oh yes dear, it would be my pleasure! What would you guys like to know?" 

"Um, well, I've never given a blow job..." Maci said shyly. 

"Oh those are quite easy honey, and they're pretty fun too! Take off your pants Dean!" I ordered and Dean instantly obeyed. His cock sprang right out and I could feel my pussy getting wet again. 

"All you do is grab him by the base like this" I said as I took hold of his cock, "open your mouth as wide as you can and suck it in" I finished. 

Maci looked hesitant then said "...Could you show me?" 

I didn't have to be asked twice, my plan was working great. I slurped his cock right into my mouth, almost fitting it all. I started bobbing my head up and down, twirling my tongue at the top of his head and I could feel him shaking. Out of the corner of my eye I noticed Maci had taken her shirt off again. I released his cock and told Maci it was her turn. She grabbed Dean and began copying my movements. "Sometimes they also like it if you play with their balls too" I told her. I started massaging his balls and he began to moan ever so slightly. "Oh I'm sure you can go deeper than that dear" I said as I pushed Maci's head to take the rest of his huge member. She chocked on it a little as it hit the back of her throat. "Mmm. Wow Maci this feels great." Dean began to precum so Maci stopped and turned to me because she didn't want him finishing just yet. "Anything else dear? Have you ever had oral done on you?" I had always had a thing for both sexes...

"No...I didn't even know that was a thing" 

"Oh dear of course! Having someone's tongue on your pussy is one of the best feelings ever! Here, I will show you, take your skirt off" Maci quickly obeyed and soon they were both naked in my living room. I instructed her to get on the couch and she opened her legs to reveal one of the nicest pussies I've ever seen. Completely shaven and somehow smelling of vanilla. Dean and I knelt in front of her. "So Dean, you put your face in between her nice legs and just start moving your tongue up and down, following her snatch. You find her clit and most girls like circular movements and sucking on it feels wonderful! Watch me" I said then lowered my mouth onto Maci's pussy. My tongue slowly began to trace up and down her lips. I found her clit and began twirling my tongue around her, sucking it into my mouth every so often. 

Maci had begun to moan now "Oh my god, this feels amazing Ms. Anderson!" As much as I loved the taste of her, I stopped and instructed Dean to try. He put his head between her thighs and I could see his tongue darting in and out of her cunt, her body began to shake. "Sometimes when you are eating her out, you can also finger her. Just start with one finger and push it into her pussy while you'e working on her clit with your tongue, like this" I said as I pushed my finger into her plump little pussy hole. At this point I was so turned on I couldn't help but finger myself with my other hand. In and out I was going while Dean's tongue was going at her cunt and soon I felt her pussy walls contract against my finger and she began to orgasm "Oh my gooooood mmmmm" she exploded. Dean came up from her pussy with his face soaking wet.

"That felt so much better than when I finger myself Ms. Anderson!" Maci exclaimed.

"Haha, yes dear, it feels amazing, but sex feels even better! Now that you are both all warmed up I think it's time" I said as they both looked at me with excitement. 

Dean now sat on the couch. "Okay Maci, you are going to get on top of Dean, I will hold his cock up straight and you just slowly lower yourself onto him, you will come up and down on his dick" I grabbed Dean's cock and Maci did as I told her to. I watched as she lowered her beautiful pussy onto his dick, engulfing him. "Oooh" Maci moaned. "That's it, he's completely inside you now! Now work up and down, slow at first" I coached them. Maci began riding his cock, up and down. "Faster now dear!" I exclaimed as I began fingering myself again. Maci started bouncing on his cock and I could hear Dean groaning. I sat in front of them and began sucking on Dean's balls while continuing to finger my own shaven cunt, which made him groan even more. 

I instructed Dean to flip over, making him be on top now. I told him he was going to insert his dick into her pussy and fuck her until she came. He was happy to oblige. I had front row seats to his cock penetrating her tight pussy and he didn't waste any time, he immediately began fucking her fast. Watching his cock go in and out of her was such a sight, I was shoving three fingers in my pussy at once. Both were moaning now. Maci began scratching Dean's back and I could tell she was going to orgasm soon. "Yes Dean, fuck meeeee oh my god!" she screamed, which made Dean go even faster. "Mmmmm" Maci exploded running her nails the whole length of Dean's back. It wasn't even thirty seconds before Dean groaned in pleasure and I saw his cum begin oozing out of her cunt. 

"Oh my god, thank you Ms. Anderson that was amazing. Is there anything we can do to repay you?" Maci said through her heavy breathing.

"Oh no dear, watching that and helping you guys was plenty!" I said.

"I have an idea babe" Dean chimed in and began whispering to Maci. Maci let out a squeal and shook her head. 

"Ms. Anderson, you're a babe and for teaching us our first time, we are going to pay you back by getting you laid tonight. We want to fuck you." Dean said to me. I was shocked. 

"Oh my, that does sound thrilling. Are you sure you're up for it?" I said, feeling my clit getting hard with anticipation since I had yet to cum myself. 

"You taught us well, we will fuck you well!" Maci said as Dean sat on the couch. 

"Okay if you're sure" I said as Dean grabbed me and pulled me on top of him. I straddled him reverse cowgirl style. I had taken my panties off long ago so nothing stood in the way of his cock and my pussy. I dropped my pussy down on his dick and began bouncing. Boy did it feel good. I could feel every ridge going in and out of my cunt and it just made me ride him even faster. All of a sudden I felt something warm and wet hitting my clit. I looked down and Maci was on her hands and knees in front of us licking from Dean's balls up to my clit every time I lowered myself. "Oh yeah Maci, use that tongue!" I shouted through moans. Dean and I were both groaning. Having this handsome 20 year old plowing my pussy while my sexy babysitter was on her hands and knees licking my clit was like a dream come true. Dean grabbed hold of my hips and began drilling into my pussy pushing his dick all the way in. We both came instantly. My long overdue orgasm took over my body and I shook, my pussy juices mixed with Dean's cum dripping down my pussy and his cock onto Maci's awaiting tongue. "So...same time next week" I said to Maci.