 The endless months of childhood summer as an adult seemed like nothing more than a scant few weeks; blink too fast and you'd miss it all like driving through a one horse village in the middle of nowhere. My 'lessons' with Kyle continued. At least, that's what we called it so our parents wouldn't get suspicious. When it came up in conversation it was easier to explain to our parents that I was tutoring Kyle with his math and helping him fill out scholarships than it was to try and explain either of us being balls deep in the others throat at almost every opportunity.

Nearly anytime we were alone for more than a few seconds we were on each other. Ryan became more and more brazen with each passing day, surprising me with a sudden kiss in public or when our parents where merely looking the other way. I would get so mad at him, fearful we might be caught, and he would just kiss me and smile. He liked to push limits, he always had. If you made a rule, he'd find the limits and the loop holes, he was good at it. 

He was even better at dragging me along with him. Like that time we were out for a jog and passed by the empty high school. We decided to make use of the empty track and finished our run there. This of course led to us seeking shade under the open air stadium seats where the long grass was still cool. Though there was a small hill behind the bleachers, it was entirely possible someone from the neighboring houses could have spotted us he kissed me there; our naked bodies entwined in the tall grass. Another time we were all headed to dinner together and had decided to carpool in the old station wagon my dad refused to get rid of. We sat in the rear facing seat, citing nostalgia for our odd behavior, and Kyle kept sliding his hands all over me trying to be sly, though I fought him and kept telling him no. He continued all through dinner, running his hands up my inner thigh and cupping me just as I took a drink. Nearly out of my mind with lust by the time we left, I meekly gave in and allowed him to unzip my jeans and fish my cock out of the front flap of my underwear. I quickly came all over my black shirt. I was mortified and rushed inside once we were home, barely waiting for the car to come to a full stop in the driveway. Kyle had grinned ear to ear and told my parents I must have eaten something bad. In the end, I suppose we both knew my protestations had all been for show, despite his daring. There had been so many close calls that year, too many to recount. 

The most bizarre part of the entire summer came when Kyle finally made his move on his High School crush. The summer was half over by now and I was growing increasingly more depressed and confused. Despite still feeling that what we were doing was probably wrong, I didn't want to go back to school and be without Kyle. I knew we had crossed a line and that my love for him had grown beyond the brotherly. I knew it was wrong and I should end it. I wanted him to leave, find a girlfriend, get married, have kids and follow all his dreams; all the things I knew wanted too. There was no longer any scenario where we could just go back to being brothers, there was no way, as far as I could see, that this would end well. And yet, I still yearned for his touch, his kiss. The problem was, of course, he seemed to never be more than an arm's length away. 

"I got in!" His shouts interrupted our quiet breakfast one morning.

"Where?" Mom beamed, faster on the uptake than any of us.

"I'll be attending university with Ryan!"

"That's great news, dear." Mom stood and hugged him, though I noticed her smile fade when he couldn't see her. Dad frowned behind his morning paper.

"Yeah, great." I tried to sound happy. I was tired and worried that Kyle might be coming to my school for me instead of picking a school based on what he wanted; following his dick rather than his dreams.

Putting his paper down Dad waited until we were all sitting again, "Are you sure that's a good idea?"

Ryan looked at him confused. I knew what was coming, probably the same thing I had worried about for a while now. Though I couldn't help but wonder if dad knew what we had been up to, and was more worried about that than anything else.

"It is a very good school," Dad was picking his words carefully. "But is it the best school for you?" He emphasized the word 'you'.

"Yeah, why wouldn't it be?"

Mom and Dad eyed each other suspiciously then. "We just want to make sure you're absolutely certain about this," he began. "I don't want you going there just because that's where your brother is."

"You've always been close," Mom piped in. "Nothing wrong with that, but you could get into almost any school. You were accepted to that one out west in California, what's it called again..." She looked to dad imploringly.

"Yeah, yeah, I know," Ryan interrupted before either of them could speak again. "But the University of Southern California doesn't have the program I want."

"You've settled on a major then?" Dad asked.

"Engineering, I think."

This was news to me. Kyle was a fairly gifted student, though he had always struggled a little with math in the past, hence why I had actually been trying to help him study over the summer. He had also talked about some kind of science medicine thing too though, neurobiology or neuroscience or brain something he had said. 

"We do have one of the best Engineering programs in the nation," I piped in. "Besides, if he changes his mind there's a lot of other programs to choose from."

"So you're in on this then?" Mom eyed me suspiciously.

"No, first I've heard of it actually."

"Really?"

"Yeah!" Kyle said. "I'm telling you all now. I thought you'd be excited for me, but if not then you can all fuck off. I'm an adult now and I'll go where I please."

"Kyle!" Both our parents spoke in shocked anger. "Watch your mouth.

"As long as you live in my house..." Dad began. "...raised you better" Mom was speaking over him.

I grinned and listened to them squabble for a while but that seemed to be the last of it. No one else objected ever again and, for his part, Kyle seemed adamant that he had chosen the school for his degree and not simply decided to follow in my footsteps. I sincerely hoped so, but he never told me any different either and it seemed unlikely that he would lie to me. 

We quickly decided to get an apartment, as it would be cheaper for us to live together. I couldn't dismiss some lingering doubt, however, and worried what might happen if we ever stopped our 'lessons', if we were ever caught, if one of us started dating, or any of a thousand and one possibilities. We began to spend more time talking about which apartments we liked best, budget, cooking, furniture and the like. Every so often I recognized the disturbing similarities between our lives and, say, a young couple moving in together, but I was quick to dismiss such thoughts. We were just two brothers, sharing an apartment to save money while going to college. Also, we swallowed each other's cocks as often as possible, no big deal.

Kyle decided he wanted to have a small celebration with some of his friends. We had a huge TV with surround sound in the basement that our dad semi-seriously called the movie room. So of course, we quickly decided to do a Star Wars marathon and 'sleep over' with his friends. I invited an old high school buddy of mine but though it turned out he couldn't come. It would just be me, Kyle, and his friends. 

"I asked Jenny to come," he told me conspiratorial the day before.

"Great," I said without looking up from my book. "You're back together," I stated flatly "Is that where you've been going the last couple weeks?" They had dated on-again-off-again all through high school and he had never seemed to be able to get over her. 

He shrugged. "Yeah, I guess. I mean we've been hanging out again. So," he cleared his throat and fell into bed next to me. "I was wondering if you could do something for me?"

Oh great, I thought and rolled my eyes. "I already swallow, what more could you want?" I said sarcastically.

"Oh shut up, I'm being serious."

I put my book down with a sigh and gave him an expectant look.

"Okay so when I came to you for you know, your help or whatever. It was so I could do it with her." He paused for a while. "You know, never mind. I mean. It's a bit creepy so just forget about it."

He was acting oddly nervous and ashamed suddenly. It wasn't like him to be so sheepish about 'my help' as he called it. I figured I knew where this was going, but I was going to make him tell me. "Okay, so what do you need me to do?"

"Nothing really, I just have a good feeling about tomorrow and I was hoping that, you know, I'll actually finally get lucky. So, if I do... will you watch? I mean in secret of course, and just to you know give me tips and what not afterwards."

I laughed and realized immediately it was the wrong thing to do. "Sorry, it's not funny, but you do realize how creepy that is yeah? I mean, you're asking me to spy in on you and your sorta girlfriend having sex in our parent's house. That's beyond weird."

"Yeah," he sighed. "You're right. I mean, we're already weird enough as it is; wouldn't want to add voyeurism on top of incest."

I rolled my eyes again. "You're fucking kidding me." Yeah it was weird, but it might be the last time in my life I would ever be able to teach my little brother something. Hell, if things worked out for him, it could even be the last time I'd ever see him naked. "Okay, fine. I'll do it, you fuckin creep," I kissed him quickly to reassure him. It wasn't long before we were naked in my bed, and I held him to me as though it might be our last 'lesson' ever. Maybe I had taught him too well.

When the time came, Brad, Jason, and Andrew all showed up at nearly the same time dressed in pajamas toting blankets, pillows, and some red and white striped plastic popcorn buckets. I held the door for them as they carried their things in, Kyle following close behind. He paused at the door, shooting a glance after his friends before kissing me deeply for longer than he probably should have.

"For luck," he grinned.

I sighed contentedly, "Yeah, sure." 

Jenny hadn't shown yet. So while he showed them to the basement, I politely waited for Jenny to arrive. I had worried our parents wouldn't allow her to come, being as modest and conservative as they are, but with the presence of other people, and the fact that we were all adults now, there was little they could object to. I didn't have long to wait, as it turned out, she was only a few minutes behind the others.

My breath caught a little in my throat when she got out of her car. I hadn't seen her in probably two years and it turned out that Jenny had gotten hot. I hadn't ever noticed before, honestly. I had always known Kyle wanted her, she was younger than me, and to be quite frank, she never really wore very flattering clothes so I always just sort of dismissed her. To be honest, seeing her now I wished I hadn't. Even though she was dressed plainly in a solid color spaghetti strap shirt and pajama pants, it was evident that she'd either had a growth spurt of some kind, or was more confident and willing to show off her body now. Her hair was an almost red auburn and fell down just across the top of her breasts accentuating her rather large bust. I couldn't really tell what size she was, but her tits were big for her body. Her torso slid down gently to her hips for a soft, but evident, hourglass shape. She had a nice ass and long legs which, I was willing to bet, were nearly perfect. It was a shame she had worn pants, I thought.

I greeted her warmly and led her to the movie room. We arranged it so that, if he was successful, Kyle and Jenny were sitting on the edge of the couch where they would have free access to the guest bedroom just off the main 'theater room' in the basement. They were all going to crash on the couch and if things went as planned, I would excuse myself to go upstairs and go to bed. Of course, I was really just circling behind the stairs when no one would be watching and going into the guest bedroom through the other door in the bathroom. 

I ended up with a seat directly next to Kyle, and by the time Luke was practicing his saber skills aboard the Millenium Falcon, everyone seemed engrossed with the movie. Kyle and Jenny were cuddled closely beneath a fleece blanket and I did my best to keep a furtive eye on his progress. Very rarely I'd whisper some advice to him throughout the night pointing at the TV or his friends as though I were talking about them rather than his sexual endeavors. I was still uneasy that we were being a bit predatory, conspiring together to 'trick' her into bed for him. I continually reminded myself that she wanted to be here and had tried to bed him before. His abortive backseat adventures had frequently been with her. He had not been very good, very confident, or very successful.

This time would be different, I knew. Half way through The Empire Strikes Back, they seemed to be getting along very well. She was struggling to keep still and desperately trying, and failing, to be quiet. It was abundantly clear to everyone in the room that he was teasing her neck and hair with one hand while she struggled not to violently hump his other hand as he fingered her. He informed me later that he had her cumming in his hand from the start of the rebel attack on the death star in A New Hope.

Kyle finally gave me the signal a few minutes later, so I said my goodnights and made my circuitous trip into the closet of the guest bedroom. I had set up a chair and cleared any obstructions or junk beforehand so I wasn't worried I might bump into something and give myself away. It was a surprisingly deep walk-in closet separated from the bedroom itself by nothing more than a sliding pocket door. I stripped and waited, maybe fifteen minutes, just long enough to be thoroughly bored at any rate. I heard one of his friends let out wolf-whistle as the door banged open. They were applauding and Jenny was bright red in the face. The closet was just to one side of the bed and, from my little gap in the door, I had a nearly perfect view of the room. I couldn't see out the door but I knew his friends must be out there watching them still. She giggled and blew them a kiss as she closed the door. Kyle shot his eyes to the gap in the closet door while she did and quickly took his shirt off with a confident wink. My heart was throbbing in my chest and I was suddenly very aware of my breathing.

"I can't believe we're finally doing this," breathing a little heavily herself. She laughed a little then and wrapped her arms around him. "There's just a little problem," she said this in a husky near whisper and kissed him. My heart nearly stopped, he was so close, if she stopped now he would be crushed. She walked him backwards all the while until she pushed him over onto the bed. "What was her name?"

"What?" He stammered, his eyes never leaving her. "What are you talking about?"

"You've clearly been with someone," She smiled mischievously and put her hands on her hips. "You were never this good to me before. You were always so..." She ran her hands up his inner thigh and I saw his cock jump beneath his pajamas. "Clumsy and bad. Who was it?"

"Oh," he gasped. "No one, I'm still virgin. You're the only one I ever wanted to..."

"You're lying and I know it, but that's okay. We'll talk about that later," she smiled then and she mounted him still fully clothed grinding herself against him. "I hate to break it to you, baby, but we're even. You're not my first, sadly not even my second."

"What?" he jerked his eyes from his crotch up to her face. "What do you mean? You said you would wait for me."

"I did," she nodded and pulled off her top to reveal a lacy black bra.

I knew by the look of it that it was probably an expensive lingerie set, though I doubted Kyle realized that. I could only mean that she had apparently expected something to happen tonight and I silently cheered them on grinning widely. She was playing him, and she was good at it.

"But you broke up with me," she continued huskily. "and they were just a little better than you had been."

"Who was it?" He asked a little angrily and tried sitting up.

"You tell me first," she put her hands on his shoulders and pinned him back to the bed.

"I swear there hasn't been another girl," he tried earnestly. "I wanted to be better for you, so did some reading online that's all. I swear..."

"Oh really," She laughed and circled her hips on top of him, eliciting a groan from Kyle. "What about all those things Ryan was saying to you earlier, hmm? 'Whisper in her ear, Kyle' and 'good job, Kyle' as you finger banged me in front of him."

"Yeah, he helped," he turned bright red.

"It was so hot," she leaned in and bit his neck so that he squirmed beneath her. "hearing him coach you. You really are still a virgin I bet, and I'm going to be your first." She got off the bed then and pulled off his pants. His cock sprang out and made a loud slap against his stomach before pointing directly at the ceiling. "I'm going to tell you exactly what to do," she ran her hands up his thighs again. "And if you're a good boy, I might even let you be the first person to cum in my pussy."

"Oh god," he gasped. "I'll do whatever you say."

"Good," She stripped off her pants. "Move up on the bed. Keep going. Right there." He squirmed eagerly along until his head was almost touching the head board. He sat up on his elbows and watched her. She turned towards the closet and slowly slid off her pants. She was wearing matching lace panties that hid nothing. She did a little dance then, and pausing to face my direction again, slowly took off her bra and panties. I was slowly stroking myself now, I almost couldn't help it, it seemed as though she knew I was there and was putting on a show for me. I honestly hadn't known if I could just sit and watch like some voyeur, some creepy peeping-tom. This was the most perverted thing I had ever done, and not only could I just sit and watch, but I liked it more than I cared to admit. 

She crawled between his legs, running her hands up his body. She just barely teased the tip of his dick with her tongue, watching his cock jump at every lick. Once he tried to grab her head, but she gently slapped his balls and he yelped in alarm. "I didn't tell you to touch me, boy. If you keep being naughty I'm not going to let you cum, at all." 

She persisted, slowly, for several minutes until he was literally shaking on the bed. I watched, eagerly, all the while. She would trace her fingers just near his cock or balls but then in the very last inch she would move away again. She ran her hands across all his body that she could reach, slowly dragging her tongue down the bottom of his shaft and back up, never doing more than using just the tip. Finally, she just barely slid her fingers across his sack and I could tell he nearly exploded right then. 

"Oh my god, Jenny." He whined, almost pathetically. "Just fuck me."

"Not yet," She said in a mock disproving voice. "There's something else you have to do for me first." She climbed up his body, pausing over his cock as though she might just drop down and envelope him in one swift movement of her hips. He twitched expectantly, but then she moved again, allowing her lips to just barely stroke him on her way. I couldn't see this directly, but I could see the glistening sticky trail of her juices she left on him. She was literally dripping wet. At last she settled herself over his face.

"Did Ryan ever tell you how to eat pussy?" She asked sweetly.

I had, actually, though I knew he'd never done it yet. It wasn't exactly something I was equipped for so he hadn't really practiced as far as I knew, but I taught him as best I could.
