 *Author's note: I received so many more responses for this story than I had anticipated. So I thought I'd add a little more and tell you about the next day. Once again, I apologize to anyone who thinks I took too long in writing this and any constructive feedback is appreciated. Any and all characters and events in this work are fictional and the story is meant for your enjoyment. If you don't enjoy it, don't read it again.*

Chapter 2: The further development of a submissive girl

The sunlight streaming through the cracks in the blinds settled over my eyes as I woke feeling really refreshed. The bed beneath me was soft yet firm, similarly, so was the young newly eighteen year old girl curled up beside me with her head still on my chest. 

The previous evening's events left my mind in a haze. I knew my girlfriend was slightly submissive before last night, but the way she acquiesced to every request through the night surprised me a little. I thought for sure at some point she would stand up for herself and demand that her little friend get off her boyfriend and leave, but she seemed to get off on it. 

I lazily stroked my hand up and down Brandy's back as she slept on my side. She was quite the fiery one last night. I know it wasn't her first time or anything, but she was as tight as I had experienced in a while. Watching Jada go down on her and shoving my cock in her mouth had been much more than I was expecting when I showed up there the night before.

I heard a groan from the other side of the bed and remembered Jada sleeping down there. I suddenly felt a little badly for being so cruel, but she didn't seem to mind as the night progressed. I'd have to see how she reacted today to see if this relationship was over or had merely taken a new direction. I was curious to see how she behaved, so I closed my eyes enough so that they looked shut, but I could see through the small gaps in the lids. I kept my head cocked to the side so I could see what she did.

I heard a few more grunts and sighs, probably from stretching out the kinks of sleeping on the floor, and then I saw her slowly stand up and stretch a little. Her eyes looked dark as far as I could tell, probably still smeared from the crying she did earlier in the night. She was still naked of course, and she rubbed her hand over her hips and around to her ass. I saw her wince a little as she reached back to her ass. I probably went a little too hard on her poor little asshole last night.

Then she finally looked down at the bed. I saw her glance over the two of us, wrapped up in her sheets, on her bed. Then she whispered a little, "Brandy? Jason?"

Neither of us responded. Me, because I was pretending and Brandy, because the little nymph was still quite asleep. After testing us with a couple more whispers, each one a little louder, Jada reached over and pulled down the sheets a little, pushing them down below Brandy's chest and just above my waist. I could see Jada staring over us as little Brandy cuddled up to my chest, naked as I was. I saw Jada rubbing her hand lightly over her chest, staring down at us.

It was then that Brandy stirred a little, probably from the cooler air hitting her torso. She sighed and pulled herself a little closer to me and her hand began to idly graze my stomach. 

Jada freaked out a little and moved off towards the bathroom. 

Brandy stirred a little more and pulled herself tighter to me. I worked with her and pulled her close as well. I looked over to see the bathroom door closed, Jada must have gone in to relieve herself and hide from us.

Brandy breathed out a long sigh and I felt her stretch her legs and arch her back, lifting her arms out and rolling over on to her back. With the sheets pulled down I looked over and got another look at those perfectly formed breasts that only an eighteen year old girl could have. They didn't shift much at all as she rolled around a little, stretching out from her night's slumber.

She opened her eyes, looked over at me and smiled. "Good morning."

"Good morning, sexy," I replied. "Happy birthday."

She laughed a little. "I think I've had a happy birthday already."

I shrugged a little and rolled on to my side before reaching over and rubbing my hand across her stomach. "It's not over yet. I'm sure we can make a few more birthday wishes come true if you'd like."

She sighed as my fingers danced across her stomach. "Hmmm, I think I could come up with a few more birthday requests." Just then her stomach rumbled a little bit. "But I might need a little breakfast to give me some energy."

"I think we can work something out for that." I leaned over and kissed her lightly on her shoulders and neck. She reached around and pulled me tighter running her hands down my back and sides as I reached her earlobes. She gave a sigh as I teased her all around her neck and shoulders. Then I went lower and began to kiss and suckle on her breasts and tiny nipples. With that she gave out a groan.

"Oh fuck, Jason. You're getting me all horny again."

I stopped suddenly. "You're right. You wanted breakfast first, right?" With that I sat up and slid out of bed pulling the sheets off of both of us as I got up and went to the dresser for some shorts.

I heard a gasp of frustration behind me and I turned around to see Brandy, naked and lying in the same position I left her in. "Seriously? You're going to get me turned on and then just leave?"

I held the pair of shorts in my hand and I turned around. I didn't say anything at first, I just smiled. Then I took a few steps closer to the bed, my semi-hard dick swinging free. "Was there something else you wanted, birthday-girl?"

Brandy looked up at me and then swung around, sitting up on the edge of the bed. This put her face level with my swelling manhood. She looked up at my face and then back to my cock staring at it for a moment before reaching out and running her fingers lightly over my shaft. "I could think of something else I might want this morning."

She looked back up at my face, waiting for my reply. Just then the bathroom door opened and Jada stepped out. Brandy and I looked over at her and I felt Brandy's hand wrap lightly around my now almost fully hard cock.

Jada had obviously washed her face and cleaned up a little in the small half bathroom. Gone was the smeared mascara and dried cum that had decorated her face before she lied down on the floor to sleep. She stood there for a moment, still naked and stared at Brandy and me. "Oh," she said quickly. "I'll leave you two alone, sorry."

Strange, I thought. She already felt like an intruder in her own bedroom where her friend and her boyfriend were naked with her boyfriend's hard dick being held by her friend. "Wait," I said as she began to walk out of the room. She stopped and turned towards us, hesitantly. "Brandy and I could use some breakfast. We'll be out in a minute. Make sure to put our clothes in the dryer."

Jada nodded and walked out of the room leaving the door open behind her.

I turned back to Brandy who still held my dick in her hand. She smiled up at me as she began stroking it softly. "I guess we still have a little slave. This should be fun."

"I think she's really getting into it," I replied. I sighed a little enjoying Brandy's hand on my shaft. "How would you like my girlfriend for the rest of your birthday? You can have her do anything you want."

"I would like that," Brandy said with an even bigger grin. "She was so much fun last night. I could imagine it would be fun being ordered around like that every once in a while." She reached up with her other hand and cupped my balls. "Of course, I still like being in control, too."

"Well, whatever you want from her today will happen. I'll make sure of that."

"Hmm," she said focusing back on my cock. "Right now I think I want to suck your cock for a little bit." With that she leaned forward opening her mouth. 

I caught her quickly by the hair, just a half an inch from my dick and pulled her back gently. "Jada is yours," I explained. "Anything else you want from me, you have to ask. Don't misunderstand, you'll probably get it, but my services are request only."

Brandy let the initial shocked look slip from her face and she smiled. "Please, Jason," she began. "Please let me suck on your big fat cock. I love the way it feels sliding over my wet tongue and into my throat. It makes my pussy dripping wet when I have your cock in my mouth. Can I please suck you?"

I smiled and loosed my grip on her hair, shifting around to cradle the back of her head. "Of course you can suck my cock, my sexy little minx. Do a good job and I'll have your pussy for my breakfast."

Brandy leaned forward and began to take my cock into her mouth. She slid slowly up and down the shaft taking more and more in each time until I felt the head of my dick slip into her throat. I groaned a little as I felt her throat muscles contract around my shaft. Brandy slowly slid her mouth up and down my cock as I cradled her head.

Just then I heard a gasp from the doorway and saw Sally standing there looking at us. Brandy pulled my cock from her mouth with a plop. "Is there something you need?"

"I just," the skinny ugly faced girl began. "Everyone else left... I was going to see if Jada was up...and I was looking for you...I...Sorry." She began to turn away.

"Wait," Brandy said standing up and walking to the door. "What did you want me for?"

Sally turned back and her eyes opened wide as she saw Brandy walking towards her, naked. "It's just..." I saw her glance down at Brandy's body. "I promised you we'd go to the...umm...the shop...you know...what we talked about the other day...for your birthday, I mean."

I thought I knew what sort of "shop" they were talking about. Guys buy a pack of cigarettes and go to a shitty 18 and up strip club when they become legal. I have an idea of what many girls do.

Brandy turned to me and smiled as I turned and sat down on the bed. I saw Sally glance over at me and I watched as her eyes dipped to look at my cock still hard and shining with Brandy's saliva.

Brandy spoke up, "Well, I'm a little busy here today, but if you wouldn't mind..." she turned back to look at me and then leaned in and began to whisper into Sally's ear. Sally listened intently and then her eyes got wide and she smiled before putting a hand over her mouth. Then as Brandy continued to whisper Sally looked over her shoulder at me and then down at my cock. She stared for a little while and I thought, what the hell? So I reached down and stroked my cock a little for her sliding my hand up and down the shaft.

After Brandy had finished her whispering, she pulled back. "Is that cool with you?"

Sally nodded, "Okay, but I might want to try it too."

Brandy smiled. "Of course."

Sally took one more glance at me and then turned back and walked down the hallway.

"What was that all about?" I asked.

Brandy sauntered back over to me and smiled. "If I wanted you to know, I wouldn't have whispered it." She smiled and looked down at me with my hand around my cock. "You don't need me anymore?"

I shrugged, "Just passing the time." I stood up and wrapped my hand behind her head. "I'm starving; let's go see what your birthday present has for us." Brandy gave a disappointed grunt. "Don't worry, little vixen, you'll get plenty of time to suck my cock, but Jada was such a good little slut last night I think she deserves to at least watch me fuck your face, don't you think?"

Brandy shrugged, "I guess so, but you better come in my mouth at some point today. I didn't get any of it last night."

I laughed as I wrapped my arm around her waist and we walked out into the hallway.

***

I wiped my mouth with a napkin after the last bite of pancakes. "Well, Jada, that was a good breakfast. Take care of these plates and then come over here, we have something to talk about."

Brandy and I sat on the couch while we ate the breakfast Jada had prepared. After Jada had gathered the dishes I pulled Brandy closer for a kiss. "Oh, you taste all sweet and syrupy."

Brandy smiled. "You haven't really tasted me yet, Jason."

"I'll have to rectify that."

Just then, Jada walked back into the living room and stood before us. I turned my attention to her. "Jada I have decided that you will be Brandy's birthday present. For the rest of the day you will be her's to command. Do you understand?"

Jada nodded. "Yes."

"Now you did a pretty good job last night, but you messed up a few times. Let's not have any more of those mess-ups today."

"Yes, Jason. I'm sorry."

I turned to Brandy. "Well Brandy, what would you like her to do for you?"

Brandy looked over at Jada and smiled. "Well I got to see so much that I wanted to see last night. I watched you suck his cock; I watched you take it up your ass and get his cum splattered across your pretty face. It was really hot. I never really knew how much I'd like watching. Women are so beautiful naked and I must say, you have a pretty nice body and I am really looking forward to having the full use of you today. I loved the way you ate my pussy, too, and I'll have you do that again." Jada's eyes seemed to light up a little from the unexpected praise. "But first I want to watch again. I saw you play with yourself a few times last night, but I was always busy fucking or sucking your boyfriend, so I never got to fully enjoy the show. I think I'd like you to masturbate for me Jada."

Jada immediately began to rub her breasts.

I smiled and looked over at Brandy; she was settling back into the couch and completely focused on Jada.

Jada continued her ministrations pinching at her nipples. She ran her hands over her breasts, kneading and rubbing them as Brandy continued to encourage her. "Yeah, Jada, that's it..." she began as she settled back and had her own hand reaching into the robe she wore to touch her own pert tits. "I want to see you get into this."

Jada kept her left hand rubbing her breasts while her right hand slid down her stomach and towards her shaved pussy. "I'm so wet, Brandy. I can't wait to touch myself for you."

Brandy laughed a little. "Of course you want to, Jada. You have to be horny still from last night."

Jada slid her hand in between her legs and began to stroke her fingers between her pussy lips. "I really wanted some dick inside my pussy, but I never got it."

Brandy smiled as she continued to rub her tits, eyes intent on Jada as she rubbed her cunt. "What made you so horny, Jada?"

"Watching you and Jason," She responded, her right hand continuing to rub between her nether lips. She began to slip a finger inside herself as her left hand continued to pinch and pull at her nipples. "Watching him make you come turned me on so much."

Brandy sighed a little as she took her other hand and began to rub her thighs as she watched Jada continue to masturbate, standing there in front of us.

"I couldn't believe it when you took that entire cock in your mouth," Jada said as she began to finger herself faster. You looked so sexy especially with your top off...ohh." Jada's knees began to buckle a little as she must have hit a special moment while masturbating for us. 

I sat there quietly as I alternated between my girlfriend fingering herself and this young little minx intently watching and enjoying the scene in front of her as she began her own ministrations.

"Lie down before you hurt yourself, Jada," Brandy said as she reached down and undid the tie around the robe she wore, letting it fall open to make her own self-enjoyment be more accessible. "Then tell me what else you enjoyed about last night."

Jada lied down on the floor in front of us, she smartly reached over to the chair beforehand and grabbed a couple of pillows to support herself. She immediately resumed fingering herself. "I ...enjoyed...licking you," she said quietly as she stared at Brandy's naked body.

Brandy moaned a little as her own fingers were dancing around her clit. "Licking me? Licking me where, Jada? Say it."

Jada had two fingers slipping into her pussy and then alternately running up to her clit. She was obviously building to a climax. "I loved licking your pussy, Brandy. Your pussy tasted so good and I loved making you feel good."

Brandy sighed. "Oh, yeah...I know you loved it Jada. You've wanted my vag for a long time, haven't you?"

"Yes," Jada replied as her fingers began to fly in and out of her pussy. "I think you're so sexy...I have wanted you...ohhh...for so long."

"You ate my pussy so good, Jada...oh, fuck...I'll get you to do it again today...I want to see you come," Brandy said as she actually began to slow a little on herself. "I think you should get something to watch while you come." 

Jada's hand slowed a little, but not too much as she stared up at us on the couch, "I would love that, Brandy. Whatever you can do, I love to watch."

Brandy looked over at me, "Jason," She began, completely changing from her authoritarian voice. "Will you eat my pussy? I would really love to be eaten out while your girlfriend watches and fucks herself."

I couldn't refuse such a sweet request. I slipped off the t-shirt I was wearing, leaving me in my basketball shorts and nothing else. Brandy spread her legs as I knelt down low on the ground, so I didn't obstruct her view of Jada while she continued to finger fuck herself in front of Brandy. I spread Brandy's legs and stared at that sexy little pussy that I fucked the night before. The lips of her pussy were spread revealing the moist valley leading to her opening. She was so wet it glistened in the light of the living room. I leaned forward getting ready to taste that little eighteen-year-old pussy for the first time.

I began by kissing down her thighs slowly licking her soft skin a little along the way. Brandy sighed and spread her legs further trying to coax me into her pussy. I thought about trying to tease her a little, but my desire to taste her took precedence and I dove right in, tracing her soft nether lips with my tongue as she moaned from the sensation.

"Oh, yeah, Jason, lick my pussy," Brandy said as she reached down with one hand and grasped my hair. I allowed her to guide me for a moment as I dove deeper into her. I licked her clit and danced my tongue deeper into her pussy; it tasted so fresh and nice. She began to moan louder and louder as I put my best effort into licking her sweet cunt. 

"Oh, fuck, Jason...yeah, you eat pussy so good...Oh shit, almost as good as your girlfriend," she dug her fingers into my hair as I continued to flick my tongue across her swollen clit. I could feel her legs begin to tremble. "Oh shit, Jada...your boyfriend can sure lick a girl."

Jada moaned loudly. I could hear her fingers fly rapidly in and out of her pussy with a squishing sound, slipping easily in and out of her rapidly more sopping wet hole. "Oh fuck, Brandy...I'm going to come watching you...oh...get eaten out." 

Yes, Jada...oh shit...come watching me get off...oh...Yeah Jason...oh...don't stop...Shit!" Then I felt her thighs clamp around my head and an extra flood of pussy juice flowed from her tight little hole and spilled across my chin. I kept her clit in my mouth as I sucked her gently through her orgasm, behind me, even through the muffling of her thighs I could hear Jada moan out in her self-induced ecstasy.

As Brandy's thighs loosened their hold and she reached down to push me away from her sensitive pussy, I could hear nothing but the heavy breathing of the two girls in the room coming down from their orgasms. 

I slid myself up Brandy's little body, kissing her stomach, breasts, shoulders and neck before meeting her lips, my tongue still tasting of her sweet pussy. She kissed back deeply. Before pushing back a little. "Could I get some of that dick of yours now?" she asked.
