 I saw Scott first on Monday as I pushed through the glass doors to the break room. He didn't look all that happy to see me.

"Howsit?" I questioned.

"I don't know, man." He gloomily replied. I put my tray down at his table and sat across from him.

"Don't tell me Lea freaked out this weekend after I left." I had thought of what we had done over the weekend too. I had convinced myself that Lea would feel guilt for our romp and seek to cleanse her soul and delve deeper into her moms religious ways. Which would be no skin off of my back, of course, but would put an even bigger damper on my friends sex life.

"She didn't freak out." Scott explained. "That's just it. It was business as usual. Moms on Saturday and church on Sunday. She made nary a mention until I left this morning."

"This morning?" I raised an eyebrow.

"Yep. As I was leaving the house she told me to tell you to come over tonight at eight." He sighed.

"Odd. She never invites me over. What do you suppose she's cooking up?" I supposed that she wanted to get us together to tell me that it was fun but "adios" and to keep my lips off her cock.

"I figure she is gonna tell us that it was a one time deal and that I should go back to expecting three minutes of missionary every three weeks or so," he leaned over the table and added, "but we can still get each other off."

"Well I just hope we didn't traumatize her too much!" I laughed.

"I guess we'll see tonight, huh?" With that he arose and walked through the glass doors.

Chapter 2:

I parked my car in their drive at exactly eight. I was nervous. Which was odd because I really had no reason to be. I walked up and rang the bell and Lea swung the door wide.

"Hi Zach. Come in. Scott is in the kitchen. Go ahead I have a few things to do then I'll come talk to you boys." She winked and turned toward the hall.

She didn't seem traumatized. She was actually treating me a tad nicer then she usually did. Or maybe this is how she acts when I'm not dragging her man out on the town. I strode into the kitchen and found Scott seated at the butcher block island sipping a beer.

"Watcha?" I beamed.

"I have no idea what she is up to. She is in a good mood but she is so tight lipped. I have the slightest." He tipped his beer to me and drained it.

"I spent the day getting ready for disappointment. We'll just have to see where it goes." I opened the fridge and pulled out a beer.

As I sat down Lea breezed in and laid the box down that held their smoking supplies. "You guys have a few minutes to smoke. When you are done I'll be in the den." 

Scott rolled a joint as he talked, the fear less present. "Dude, I think we are getting laid! The day is certainly looking brighter, huh?" 

"I'm still not getting my hopes up. I don't think one experience with the both of us is going to negate all those Sundays in church. For all you know your den may have been converted to a chapel while we were at work and you and I are going to confessional or something."

"Well, I'm gonna be the optimist here!" He laughed and we passed the joint back and forth, both silent, lost in our thoughts of what waited beyond the door leading to the den.

Chapter 3:

We stood at the door to the den. I put my ear to the door and heard nothing from within. Scott reached over my head and rapped twice. 

"Come in."

I turned the knob and stepped through as Scott stood at the threshold. Lea had rearranged the furniture. The overstuffed chair that was once in a corner had been pulled across the room to face the loveseat. To make room she had pushed the desk against a wall. The blinds were down and every light was ablaze. 

"Sit. Sit." She motioned us to the loveseat and sat facing us in the chair. "Yesterday as I sat in church I started to think of Friday night and what we did."

"Shit." I mumbled.

"Now Zach," Lea laughed, "let me finish please."

"Sorry." I pouted.

"As I said, sitting in church I started to think back to Friday. I'll be honest. I felt guilty. And dirty. And the more I thought about it, the more I realized that I was also getting hot. I kept picturing Zach's cock in your mouth, Scott. I actually had to stop myself from putting my hand between my legs. In church!" She was animated now. Gesturing with her hands. And smiling!

"Sweet Jesus!" I cried.

"Settle down Zach. Then it crossed my mind that I was wanting to play with myself and that was something I have not done often. Besides that, I was wanting to do that while thinking of Scott sucking you off. So I just sat on my hands and made it through the sermon. But we are not in church now. And I want to play with myself. But I don't want to think of the other night. I want to watch." She smiled and sat back.

"You want us to blow each other?" Scott looked to be in disbelief. 

"I want you to suck Zachs cock. Make me hot. Make me sweat. Make me cum." With that she stood and pulled her shirt off. Her dark nipples pinched and hard already. She slipped her shorts off and sat back down. Lea lifted one leg and swung her knee over the arm of the chair. She traced one finger past her navel and combed her fingers through her black hair. 

I was ready. I stood, kicked off my sandals, and pulled of my shorts with a quick tug. Scott helped lift my shirt off and he slid to the floor. My rigid tool stood at attention inches from his waiting lips. 

"There you go, Scott." Lea breathed and lifted her other leg to drape over the chairs arm. 

I gazed at Lea and her spread sex glistening with her juices. She ran her finger farther down her pubic hair tracing one finger down her oiled slit. She had rotated her hips up so I could see the tight brown sphere of her asshole. I looked down as Scott pulled down on my sack, pulling my cock down to his lips.

"Suck it Scott!" Lea demanded as her finger found her hole and swirled at it's entrance. 

Scott parted his lips and sucked half of my cock into his warm mouth. Massaging my balls, he worked my tool over his lapping tongue. My hips met his rhythm and he used his free hand to stroke my shaft. 

I locked eyes with Lea and smiled. She brought her hand up to pinch a nipple, pulling it and twisting. I looked between her legs and watched as she rubbed her palm over her pussy. Spreading her lips and circling her clit with her middle finger. 

"Play with that pussy." I huffed.

"No talking!" She whined, "Just let me do this!"

I looked down as Scott withdrew my dick from his mouth and pushed it to my stomach. He lifted one of my legs and stood it on the cushion giving him a better angle. He slowly sucked my balls into his mouth using his thumb to rub my glans. Not quite getting what he wanted he pushed me roughly down to the loveseat. 

Leas hand worked her clit, rubbing her fingers side to side across it. I could see her lips pushed almost horizontal as she sped her actions. She moved her free hand to her mouth and sucked in three fingers. Pulling strands of saliva from her lips she swirled them across her nipples. 

As I watched Lea, Scott put his hands behind my knees and forced them to my shoulders. My balls and smooth ass jutted up into the air. Scott bent and ran his flattened tongue to the underside of my sack, tracing up along my shaft to the head. I grabbed my cock and stroked telling him, "Lick my balls."

Lea moaned as her fingers swiped at her pussy. "I can't see!" She cried and moved herself to the arm of the loveseat. She spread her legs wide with one on the back of loveseat and the other on the arm. She promptly returned her hand to her pussy.

Scott pushed my legs farther to my shoulders and lapped at my balls. Lifting his head he spied Lea and smiled at her. He bent back towards my spread legs and attacked my sack again, working my balls with his tongue. I pumped my cock as he looked up at me. Lowering his head again I felt the warm edge of his tongue on my asshole. He slashed his tongue from side to side lubing my ass with his saliva. 

"OOOHHH! I like that!" Lea squealed and brought her right arm underneath her ass. Her left hand continued to work her pussy her finger dipping between her lips. I watched as her right hand moved up and her index finger found her asshole. She worked her finger in circles in time with Scotts tongue on my ass. Her right hand now donned two fingers that she slid into her pussy. Scott worked my ass with his tongue as I stroked my dick.

I watched Leas fingers slide in and out of her pussy. Rougher with each stroke. Soon squishy sucking noises came from her. 

"My pussy is so wet! It feels sooo good." She worked her asshole with the tip of her finger. Her juices flowing from her pussy lubing her ass. 

"I'm going to come, Zach. Make him cum, Scott. Make him cum with me! Hurry!" 

Scott brought his mouth from my ass and dove his mouth down my cock. He moved a finger to my ass circling. Slowly he pushed his finger into my ass. Sucking on the head of my cock. His tongue flat and hard against my glans. 

"Are you ready, Lea? Are you ready for me to cum in his mouth?" I raised my hips so Scott could work his finger into my ass. He didn't try to stroke he just planted it there. A quiver began to build there. A hot tingle rose from his finger and raced through my balls. Scott drove my cock to the back of his throat.

"I'm cumming Zach!" Lea cried as the first wave hit her. Her hand came from under her ass to steady herself. The other was working her hole, sloppy with her flowing juices. The cum ran down the cushions and splashed onto her thighs.

I watched Leas juice gushing and I could hold back no more. "Here it is Scott!" I huffed.

"Let me see you take his load!" Lea screamed.

Scott raised his head, his mouth hovering an inch above my cock. He pumped as the first seed raced up and rocketed into his mouth. He held his mouth open as spurt after spurt came. They shot into his mouth and fell back onto his hand. Mixing with the saliva as he pumped my dick. After my last load was spent he dove his mouth back over my cock sucking all that I spent back into his mouth. 

Lea shook like a wet dog and stood up on quivering legs. "Holy shit! I didn't know I could do that!" She said and turned on her heel and left the room. 

Panting, I said, "do you suppose she means jacking off or making us fuck?" 

"Both, I'm afraid, both." Is all Scott replied.