 It started with a game and a book.

Sarah and Tom had both been fans of the Anita Blake series for a long time. At first it was one of their favorite modern fantasy series. In recent years, though, it had become one of their favorite sources of erotica. Anita liked her sex often and varied, and the couple liked reading about it. Like often happens with a married couple, Tom and Sarah discussed their fantasies, and the fantasies reading stories of Anita brought out in them. 

Sarah mentioned that she might even like thinking about having two men at once. Tom was surprised to find himself turned on by the thought. He wasn't a jealous man by nature, and watching his wife pleasure another man would be like a front row seat to the greatest erotic show ever. They agreed it might be fun, one day.

---

Sarah and Tom were also avid fans of WoW, and made a number of close in-game friends. The internet being what it is, they both flirted shamelessly with their guildmates. Sarah especially enjoyed flirting with a guy named Ray, and as the weeks went by, they got more and more daring, and Sarah got more and more turned on. Sarah eventually told her husband how far these chats with Ray were going, and sure enough, again, Tom found it incredibly sexy. They ended up sending a few erotic pictures back and forth, and after some discussion, decided that if the opportunity ever presented itself, it would be fun to take him into their bed for a menage a trois. Sarah wanted to see what it would be like to pleasure, and be pleasured by, two men at the same time. Tom admitted that he might like to try sucking a dick, at least once in his life.

---

Time passed, and so did opportunities. Ray lived on the far side of the country, and they never could find time to meet. The one time they all were at a convention together, everyone was either too busy, tired, drunk, or in one case hungover, to give it a try.

It wasn't until Tom and Sarah moved to the Pacific Northwest that another opportunity arose...

--- 

Tom grinned, "Hotel bar?"

"Hotel bar." Ray answered, with a grin of his own.

Sarah just rolled her eyes at the boys, and followed them into the quiet ground floor bar of the Marriott. Butterflies danced in her stomach, but it was more nerves than excitement. She and Ray had been flirting all through the dinner at the chic little Korean place Tom took them to, and her husband smiled like the cat who caught the cream. She loved flirting, even if she didn't do it as much as she used to, and it was nice to know she could still hold a man's attention.

She wasn't into public displays of affection, but her heart pounded happily in her chest when Ray gave her a quick, not quite chaste kiss on the lips on their way back to the car. It wasn't enough to keep her from swatting Tom's hand away from her ass at the same time, but she did let him give her a good squeeze first.

It wasn't that late, only seven pm, but the bar was all but empty. The threesome took a booth near the back and ordered a trio of coronas from the waitress. Ray stood to go use the mens room, while the couple waited for the beers. Tom slid a hand onto Sarah's thigh. It was too high up for propriety, but she was too horny to care. It balanced out.

"Do you want this, tonight?" Tom asked. His voice was serious in spite of his playful mood. If he thought Sarah was too tense to enjoy a threesome, it would ruin it for him too. Sarah took a moment to consider her response. Sometime she hedged her replies to his questions, but now wasn't the time for that. 

"I do. You only live once, and I want to try it." She replied, "Don't expect it to be an every weekend thing though."

Tom's grin grew even wider, "Well, for one thing, Ray can't afford a vacation up here every weekend..." 

Sarah smacked her husband on the shoulder. The grin didn't shrink even a fraction.

"... and for another, this is only as often as you want it, you know that." he finished, kissing Sarah gently on the cheek.

Ray came back from the washroom then, and scooted into the far side of the booth right as the waitress came by with the beers. The three spent a few minutes drinking and talking about MMOs, but Tom noticed Sarah spent just as much attention distracting Ray with a little footsie as she did to her husband and her friend talking shop. Tom drained off his beer and set the bottle gently on the table.

"Shall we head upstairs?" Tom asked.

Sarah nodded, her eyes smouldering.

Ray, ever irreverent, said "Hell yes."

Tom tossed a twenty onto the table to cover the tab, and the three of them all but jogged to the elevator. Once the doors closed, and the elevator car started to rise, Tom leaned down and whispered to his wife "Kiss him again." Sarah hesitated again, but her hormones and the beer overruled her shyness and she decided the elevator car was private enough for a kiss.

She leaned into Ray and he wrapped his arms around her shoulders, hugging her to him. This kiss was far from chaste, and she felt his tongue flick against hers. Sarah grinded her hips closer and felt his hardness too. It only lasted for a moment before the car slowed to a halt and she backed away quickly in case anyone was waiting to enter. It was their floor.

The threesome walked down the hall, Ray fishing for his keycard, and Sarah with her arm looped around her husband's waist. He hadn't said anything, but she knew he enjoyed the show, the little letch.

The moment the door was shut behind them, Tom spoke. "Showers. Ray goes first, then me, then Sarah. Go on Ray, get!" He flopped down onto the bed, and pulled his wife down beside him. He nibbled on her neck and she murmured. "God, Tom, I am so horny. I want to fuck you both and suck your dicks and I want you to eat me..." on and on, just under her breath, free to be a dirty as she dared now that they were alone. Tom only caught one word in five, but it made his heart sprint.

They heard the bathroom door, and looked up to see Ray, standing in a towel, skin glistening with droplets of water. "My turn." Tom said, and gave his wife another kiss. "Have fun you two."

It was probably the fastest shower of Tom's life. He scrubbed, he rinsed, and he stepped out of the stall. His short hair was a cinch to dry, and he applied a little deodorant as well. Sarah liked old spice on him. Tying the towel around his waist, he stepped out of the bathroom and saw Ray sitting where he had been. He was also kissing Sarah's neck. The only difference was that Sarah was slowly stroking his cock as it rose through the gap in his towel.

"Your turn, babe." he said. Sarah made a slight, frustrated sound in the back of her throat. When she stood up, she gripped the edge of Ray's towel and took it with her into the bathroom, sparing her two men one last glance as she shut the door.

"This isn't fair you know," Ray said, "you get a towel and I don't?"

Tom grinned and tossed his towel onto the dresser as he took a seat in the room's only chair. "You're right, what was I thinking? I'm a terrible host sometimes."

Ray laughed and starting stroking his own cock as he scooted up to lean against the headboard. "Enjoying yourself so far?" he asked casually.

"Immensely."

"Really? No jealousy or anything?"

"Nothing. I've actually been wanting to do this for a long time. Sarah has too, though she's been quieter about it."

Tom leaned back in the chair and started stroking himself slowly too. Not enough to cause any premature issues, but just for the feel of it. He didn't need it to stay hard. The room was too erotically charged for anything else.

Besides he thought that cock actually does look pretty good. I might see if Sarah will let me try it in a little while.

If Tom had taken the fastest shower in the history of forever, it seemed like Sarah took the longest. He was worried she might be having second thoughts until he looked at the clock and saw only four minutes had passed.

When she did open the door, his breath caught in his throat. He could tell from the little gasp across the room that he wasn't the only one. Sarah's proportions are ideal for driving most guys crazy. Her breasts are ample, her butt and hips rounded in just the right way. If it were still the fifties, she'd be a pin-up girl. Like most women, she worries about her looks. Tom just sighed and see a woman in the full bloom of her beauty. At thirty-four, she's never looked better. From the lust Tom saw mirrored in Ray's eyes, he knew the other man agreed. Naked in front of her two men, her shimmering copper hair tied back in a pony tail, she was a goddess. 

Sarah went to Ray first. Tom didn't mind a bit. She crawled across the bed till her face came even with his cock. He never stopped his slow, even strokes on the coffee skin of his dick until she pulled his hand away. She wrapped her own fingers around his hot member and lowered her mouth over the thick head, tasting his masculine flesh for the first time. She resumed that slow, steady pace, pumping his cock into her mouth as she sucked.

Ray curled his toes and sucked in a breath as all rational thought was blasted out of his mind by pleasure. Tom got up from the chair and climbed onto the bed behind his wife. He watched his wife on her hands and knees, pleasuring their friend, and his mouth watered. He needed a taste of his woman. He traced a finger from the inside of her knee all the way up between her legs and felt her push back against him as he cupped his hand over the heat of her pussy.

Sarah moved to Ray's side and laid down, never letting up on the blowjob she was giving him. Tom needed no more invitation than that. He wrapped an arm around her leg and raised it, pulled himself close, licking her pussy lips and flicking his tongue across her clit. She moaned onto Ray's cock. Sarah didn't usually like her pussy played with while she sucked on her husband. She said it was too much a distraction. This time though, she melted for it, waves of sensation rushing up her body.

Ray could feel her pleasure through her mouth and hands on him, and it was too much to bear for longer than a few minutes. "Wait....wait....I'm coming..." was all the warning he could give in his daze, but it was enough. Sarah pulled the cock from her mouth and gasped as her husband sucked on her clit. She felt the cock spasm in her hand, but was too blinded by her own orgasm to see where it all went.

Ray laughed shakily, and began wiping away the come from his chest with one of the cast away towels. "I think I'm going to need a minute, but that was amazing."

Sarah didn't say anything at all. Instead she reached over to the bedstand a pulled a condom from the pile they brought for the night. She handed it to her husband and kissed him. He kissed her back, enjoying her tongue, and her taste, mixed with something a little more masculine. Without looking, he tore open the wrapper, and rolled the condom on over his still hard cock. Sarah pushed him onto his back and kneeled over him, lowering herself onto him, filling herself with him.

Sarah was still sensitive from her husband's skillful oral work, so she rode him slowly, eyes lazily shut to the world. She was so slick from his tongue that there was no resistance, just pressure and heat. She started to leaned her head back, only to bump into Ray's chest as he moved in behind her. "I wasn't done with that neck, you know.." he said, as he brought his hands up her sides and cupped her breasts. He began to nibble on her neck again, and ran his thumbs over her nipples, just firmly enough to make them stiffen. As she rode her husband, she felt something else stiffen behind her. Ray was starting to harden again.

Now, though, it was Tom's turn not to last any longer. He began to thrust quickly up into his wife as the orgasm overwhelmed him, his hands on her hips pulling her against him. He shuddered as he came, and his thrusts became random and wild until he could breath again. "Hah! Damn, you were right," he gasped, "That was amazing!" As he slowed again, Tom pulled away from his wife, "Give me a moment to clean myself up. I'll be right back." He staggered to the bathroom door, leaving his wife and his friend alone in the room again.

 to be continued...?