 Each of us can point to specific experiences in our lives that changed us forever. Some of our mistakes create uncorrectable problems that haunt us forever. But sometimes we do something 'wrong' that has profound effects on the best parts of our lives. This story is of the latter type. All I wanted to do was to get laid. I never expected to receive anything more than a few moments of sexual release.

I was not a virgin, but I was certainly naive and inexperienced. I'd had sex precisely twice, with two different girls on two separate occasions. The first time was in the back seat of my parent's car, and the second happened when I'd managed to talk myself into a girl's room and into her pussy near the end of freshman year. That time my partner had an orgasm, complete with loud moans and violent spasms, and that was a new and exciting experience for me. But she had masturbated herself into a frenzy before she had allowed me to enter her, and her moans and shrill cries, coupled with her quivering vagina, had caused me to ejaculate into my condom within a half- dozen strokes of entering her. As exciting as the experience had been, I was only in her room for about ten minutes before she shoved me back into the hallway.

I'd never seen anyone else have sex, and I'd only "done it" in the missionary position. My dorm-room girl was the first one I'd seen naked, and it had been so dark in her room that I really didn't see her special body parts. I'd heard about oral and anal sex, and I'd heard about gang-bangs, but these were abstract concepts, completely alien to my experience. At least they were until I made the baseball team during my sophomore year in college.

I was a relief pitcher, and I got to pitch two or three innings a couple of times each week. We were a good team, and that year we earned the right to play for the conference championship. We were scheduled to play two games on Friday, then as long as we won at least one of our Friday games, we would play either for the championship or in a consolation game on Saturday. 

The playoffs were held at a university about five hours from our campus. The coach arranged for us to stay in a motel on Friday night. If we lost both Friday games and didn't have a game to play on Saturday, we still planned to stay long enough to watch the championship game and then return to campus on Saturday evening. 

Our first game was scheduled for 1:00 p.m. on Friday, so we loaded our bus and departed the campus at 5:00 a.m. We did not usually travel with our cheerleaders, but because we were playing for a conference championship, six women made the trip in the team bus with us. They sat together in three seats in the front of the bus, just behind the coach. The coach was protective of the women, and we couldn't even find out which rooms the cheerleaders were in. Obviously he'd once been young and horny. 

Just watching the six cheerleaders jiggle and bounce as they did their routines felt almost as good as winning did! Likely because we were inspired by the movements of their athletic bodies, we won both our Friday games. Consequently we would be playing for the championship, so partying on Friday night was out of the question. I fell into bed and didn't wake up until somebody banged on my door the next morning.

Saturday arrived overcast and windy, and we could smell rain in the air. We were ahead 4-3 in the championship game when we had our first rain delay, lasting about thirty minutes. Scattered rain delayed the game twice more. I pitched the final inning-and-a-third, and we won 7-5. A torrential downpour drowned out the ceremony before the trophy had been presented to us. We grabbed the trophy and our gear, and we ran for our bus.

We threw our equipment into the bus and all of us - players, coaches, and cheerleaders - climbed into our seats. We were completely soaked, but we yelled and screamed in our excitement. Several of the cheerleaders kissed us. They were all really pretty, shapely, girls with prominent breasts and great-looking legs. They also smelled and tasted great! Their wet, clinging outfits didn't hurt, either! My erection pressed so hard against my jock that it hurt.

The bus took us to the gym where our lockers were, and we got showered and changed into our street clothes. As soon as our uniforms were stowed away in the bus, we got back in, and the bus carried us to the restaurant at the motel where we had stayed the night before. We were a little damp and very rowdy, but the other people in the restaurant didn't seem to mind once they found out why we were so boisterous.

The cheerleaders were scattered around our tables in three groups of two. Unfortunately I was in a booth with four other guys. Bill, T.C., and I were the newest members of the team, Mike was a Junior, Moose (real name Harry) was a senior. He had received his nickname a couple of years before when one of his teammates had looked at him in the shower and had remarked, "My God, Harry! You're hung like a fuckin' caribou!"

The coach and assistant coaches huddled together in a corner while we ate, but we couldn't hear what they were saying. As we finished eating, Harry/Moose whispered to me, "Dink, listen up!" (I was a bunter, not a power hitter. Hence my nickname.) "Go slip outta here an' get in a stall in the john an' hold your feet up. I'll bet you can hear the coaches if they talk in there. I've seen 'em do that. Somethin' big's up, and we don't wanna miss out on nothin', do we?" I did as I was told.

I sat on a closed toilet seat for five minutes or so before the two assistant coaches came in. I quickly pulled my feet up off the floor, and I listened to them urinate. Then one of them walked around looking for feet next to the toilets. "There's nobody here, Jim. What the fuck are we going to do?"

"Beats the fuck outta me, Mike. Everything's flooded. The state police have closed the highway, and we can't get enough rooms to stay here. I don't like the idea of anybody sleeping in the bus, but it may come to that. They don't have enough rooms for us here, even sleeping two to a bed."

"That'd work okay if we put each cheerleader with one of the guys! Man, I'd like to be part of that action! Maybe they could sleep with us, huh?"

They both laughed. "Shit, you're a married man! Wait'll I tell your wife about this. Lusting after those shapely, young, athletic, female bodies. Tell you what. I'll sleep with two of them and help save your marriage!"

There was more laughter which ended when I heard the bathroom door squeak open and close. "Coach! Any news?" One of his assistants asked.

"Yeah. I got us three more rooms in another motel. It's about two miles from here. We'll have to sleep five guys to one room, two in each bed and one on a cot, but we can do it. The six girls can sleep in two rooms with four beds. They can decide who sleeps together. I think the safest thing is to put the girls in two adjacent rooms at the other motel. The third room over there will have to hold the five guys. The girls'll be right here in the middle of the rest of the guys on the team if they take two of the rooms here. Over there they'll outnumber the guys, so that should keep everyone out of trouble. But we gotta pick five guys to go to the other place without telling them the girls will be there, too. Any ideas? We don't want a fucking stampede!"

"Maybe one of us should be over there, too, coach. I'll go." Jim said.

"Probably a good idea, but over there you'll either share a bed or sleep on a cot. I've worked it out so that we each have our own bed over here." Coach said.

"Shit! I'm not sleeping with one of those horny players! And I hate cots! I'll stay here!" Jim immediately replied.

"The guys we pick for the other place won't know about the broads, so it should be okay. Besides, everybody's completely wiped out, right?" Coach asked. . Moose had been right. I could feel my penis awakening in my pants. I couldn't wait for them to leave the restroom! I listened to the three men discuss options until they finally decided they'd first ask for volunteers. If that failed, they decided to draw names out of a hat. As soon as they left, I slipped out and rejoined my group. I quickly filled them in on what was happening.

"No way we're passing up an opportunity to screw those six babes!" Moose said. "Try not to grin when the five of us volunteer, okay?" I had no idea how to pick up girls, so I quickly agreed. Could we really talk six girls into having sex with us?

Everything went as planned. When the coach asked for volunteers, we were the first five to hold our hands up. A few minutes later one of the assistant coaches drove the bus, and he took the six women and the five of us to the other motel. It took almost twenty minutes because of the heavy downpour. We used that time to flirt with the girls. Mary and Vicki were eager to party, but the other four were stuffy and uptight. I figured that meant Moose and Mike might get laid, but not the rest of us. Well, perhaps I could learn something by watching them in action.

The assistant coach got us checked in, handed us our room keys, and departed in the bus. We carried our small bags and the women's suitcases toward our rooms. The women had two rooms together at the end of a hall. The room for the five of us was about fifty feet away from theirs. The rooms between the rooms and the rooms on the other side of the hall were being renovated, so we had the entire hallway to ourselves.

We dropped our bags in our room and went looking for Mary and Vicki. We found all six of the women in the hall in front of their rooms. They were arguing about who would sleep in each room. Mary and Vicki announced that they wanted to party with us, but one of the other women began to complain. "I don't want you two making a lot of noise next to us! Even if the party is in the guys' room, you'll be noisy and wake us up when you come back. Why don't you two just go to bed?"

Somebody - probably Moose or Mike - came up with an easy solution. We resolved the matter by swapping rooms. The four unfriendly women took "our" room, and we took theirs. This left Mary and Vicki in the room next to ours, each in her own bed. We guys had two beds and a cot. As we carried in our bags, we immediately noticed there was a connecting door to the next room. The party might get interesting after all!

We put the cot in the closet so that we would have more space for our party. It took a few minutes to get settled in, and then Moose knocked on the connecting door. Mary and Vicki unlocked their side, and the party was on. We had gotten ice and soft drinks from machines down the hall, and we even had a bag of potato chips that one of the guys had put in his bag. Rock music was playing on the bedside radio. It was just after 8:00.

The women were both dressed in shorts and T-shirts through which we could see the outlines of their bras. Unless they were padded, these two had really nicely sized breasts! After a couple of minutes of sharing names and making small talk, Moose asked, "Anybody want something stronger?" With that he pulled two bottles of bourbon out of his bag.

"How did you get that past the coaches?" T.C. asked.

Moose just smiled. "What's important is that it's here and I don't want to take 'em back. So let's drain 'em!" He opened a bottle and splashed bourbon into everyone's plastic glass.

"Are you trying to get us drunk?" Vicki asked, raising her eyebrows and giving us a peculiar smile.

"Of course!" Moose said. "We've got all day tomorrow to recover, so why not? Anyway this here's a victory celebration!"

The radio's speakers weren't very good, but they sounded better as we drank more and more bourbon. We danced in one big group during the fast numbers, and we took turns dancing with the women during the occasional slow ones. Whenever possible we added more bourbon to the women's drinks. By 8:30 everyone was clearly starting to feel the effects of the alcohol. 

While two of us were slow-dancing with the girls, I saw Moose slip into their room. When he returned a couple of minutes later, he went from man to man, whispering, "Keep pourin' the booze. We ain't makin' any babies tonight 'cause they're both on the pill. And they definitely ain't wearin' padded bras over those great sets o' jugs!"

Moose's statement about the sizes of their breasts excited me. But his comment about birth control jolted me into sobriety. My lust-level was so high that I hadn't even thought about the possibility of getting either woman pregnant! I didn't even have any condoms! I relaxed with the realization that I wasn't going to get an opportunity to fuck either woman, anyway. The other guys - Moose and Mike in particular - were more experienced. I simply didn't know what to do, so I resolved to pay attention - and learn.

I had a fleeting thought about somebody "catching something," but this party happened long enough ago that sexually-transmitted diseases were, we thought, relatively rare. Knowing the women were "on the pill," I allowed the effects of the alcohol to make me mellow, and I stared intently at the two women's bodies as they danced. I hoped that Moose and Mike would manage to fuck the women. At least I might be able to watch!

We could hear the rain blasting against the window. There was a sudden flash of lightning followed almost instantly by a boom of thunder, and the lights went out for a couple of seconds. They flickered and then came back on, but all we could hear on the radio was static.

The women were pretty sloshed, but the sudden interruption broke the mood for dancing. They announced that they wanted to go to bed. In my inexperience, I gave up. I thought we'd just wasted a great opportunity to seduce these two women. Fortunately the older guys were both experienced and resourceful.

"Okay, but I hate to have the party end. How 'bout you two get all cleaned up and into your PJ's and then come back for a nightcap? We can have a little pajama party - and then call it a night after a victory toast." Moose proposed.

Both women laughed and blushed, but then they looked at each other and nodded their heads. They went into their room and locked the door. Moose looked at us. "Men, we got one last chance if we're gonna score some pussy tonight. Let's greet 'em in our skivvies. An' Mike, find some slow shit on that thing if you can." 

Moose outlined his plan, and the rest of us quickly agreed. With a little more alcohol to loosen the women up, Moose hoped that intimate body contact with us would allow us to talk them out of their pajamas. If everything worked out, Moose and Mike would fuck Vicki and Mary while the rest of us beat off. If we were lucky, we might get blowjobs. No matter what happened, it would be a new experience for me! 

Mike finally found an FM station playing slow, romantic songs, and even with the pounding storm noise it sounded reasonably good. We cleaned our teeth and stripped to our undershorts. T.C. and I were in jockeys and the other three were in boxers. Moose put fresh ice in the cups and filled each one with straight, 100-proof bourbon. We were already halfway through the second bottle.

The women opened their door and started back into our room. They were both barefoot in loose, girlish pajamas. After walking about three feet into our room they stopped abruptly when they saw us. "You said pajamas - not underwear!" Vicki exclaimed. They looked as if they were going to turn and run back into their room.

Moving slowly to avoid startling the women, Moose handed each of them a glass of iced bourbon. "Ladies, I'm sorry, but this is all we had to wear. But let's toast. To the two most beautiful cheerleaders ever to perform for our alma mater! And so that you can drink a toast, too - to the conference baseball champs!"

We each drank about half a glass and then we stood there, looking at each other. Coeds aren't chosen to be cheerleaders because they can play chess! Both women had long, flowing hair, pretty faces, and great bodies. The women stood side by side just inside our room, staring at us. "You cheated! I don't believe that's what you wear to bed!" Mary complained. I could see her breasts bounce as she talked, and I didn't see any sign of a bra. Our bare chests didn't look bad, either. We were in great shape, and we all worked out on the weights.

Mike laughed. "Actually we all sleep in the raw, but we didn't want to be crude. While you finish your bedtime drink, how about a little dance. Mary?"

Mike had picked Mary because she appeared to be the more intoxicated. Mary smiled and nodded, Mike took her glass and put it on a counter, and the two of them began to dance. Vicki was left standing by herself. Moose made a little bow in front of her, and soon they were also dancing while the rest of us watched.

As each song ended, the women drank more bourbon. The extra guys took turns cutting in. The alcohol quickly had its desired effect, and we were soon able to hold them closely against us as we danced. The second time I danced with Vicki I put both of my hands around her waist and pulled her thighs against my erection. She didn't pull away. She had her head on my shoulder, and she was clearly having trouble standing up. I could feel her braless breasts pressing against my bare chest like firm, round pillows. My penis was stiff and throbbing against her thighs, and her nipples were hard points against my chest.

Moose gave us a prearranged hand signal, and the rest of us took turns dancing with Vicki while he alone danced with Mary. We continued to get the women to drink. When I got my next turn to dance, Vicki almost humped my erection. Her face was very red and her mouth hung open. I didn't know what to do next, but it was certainly fun holding Vicki against me as she rubbed herself firmly against my penis! I also enjoyed the little sounds she was making. I could feel the heat coming off her body.

T.C. cut in, and I looked over at Moose and Mary. They were no longer dancing. Instead they were locked together in a passionate kiss and weaving back and forth. Mary was rubbing herself against Moose's bare erection. It had poked itself out of the front flap in his undershorts, and it was partially visible as they swayed. Moose moved one of Mary's hands down between them and she wrapped her hand as far around his naked shaft as she could. I heard her say, "Oh! You're so big!"

I had never seen anyone seduce a woman, and I watched to see what I could learn. Moose picked up her drink, and when she released her grip on his penis to take it, he pushed his boxers to the floor and stepped out of them. Mary drained her drink, and when Moose took it from her, she passionately kissed him. She reached between her body and his, and she began eagerly rubbing his balls and penis, apparently unconcerned that she was dancing with a naked man in pubic. My own penis was so small compared to his that I felt completely inadequate. My erection melted away.

Moose slowly pushed the back of Mary's pajama bottoms down below her buttocks, exposing a pair of white bikini panties. He carefully slid her panties down past her bottom, and he rubbed and squeezed her bare behind. Mike slipped behind her and gently pulled her bottoms and panties down her legs and off. With his hands on her bare bottom, Moose pulled her against him. She opened her legs so that his penis was pressed against her pussy, clamped between her thighs. Mike passed her clothes to me, and her panties had a wet spot in the crotch. The faint odor of pussy made me dizzy with excitement!

Mary kissed Moose passionately, and her hips began to rock forward and back against his shaft. She continued rubbing his large balls with one hand. Moose slowly unbuttoned her top, and in a few seconds he'd pulled it off her, leaving both of them naked. Moose began to rub one hand over her breasts as they clung to each other. Even from across the room I could hear her short, loud breaths. It was so erotic that once again I became erect in spite of my worries about the inadequate size of my equipment.
