 Mia sat down at the vanity in the room she and Kalan shared. Kalan would have Tay sleeping by now and little Roxanne had finally gone down. Ro had put up quite a fight but eventually succumbed to the intoxication of sleep and the array of calming scents and lights that Mia cast in her nursery. 

Mia turned to herself, almost with an air of surprise. She hadn't looked at herself in the mirror for quite some time. Between managing Arsenal W.F.C, Ro's teething and the opening of another branch of Kalan's shop, this was the first night she had not just fallen into bed, dead tired. She looked good -- she decided, inspecting her appearance in the mirror. She was still wrinkle-free, thanks to her genetics and her mother's practical advice to always moisturize before bed. She smiled at the still picture of her mother in the frame below, clutching a smiling toddler Mia, as she absentmindedly twirled a tight curl back into place.

Her eyes returning to the mirror, she picked up the silk scarf and proceeded to wrap it around her hair, securing the knot high on the crown of her head. Definitely still looking good, she thought. Just like your mother -- said the voice of her father in her head. She smiled sadly to herself. She missed him desperately; only a year had gone by since he passed. 

The door opened and Mia looked up, glad to be out of the past, and Kalan smiled at her. 

"Well fancy seeing you here, darling."

Mia smiled back, "It has been rather a long time since we've been at home before midnight. Tay asleep ok?" 

"Oh yes," Kalan replied. "He's just like his father, you simply read him 6 bed time stories, check under the bed for monsters twice, tell him the story of when I blew up a toilet, re-read the six stories again and he falls straight asleep."

Mia laughed. Tay, like Kalan, had difficulty falling asleep but once you exhausted his imagination, they both slept like rocks. "Ro put up a fight too -- her room was practically a lavender field before she went down."

Kalan laughed, depositing his jeans and button down into a pile on the floor and changing into his striped pajamas. Catching sight of Mia's disapproving glance at the messy pile, he grinned sheepishly and scooped them up, putting them in the laundry bin in the closet and then closing the doors neatly behind him.

Mia hung her dressing gown next to the bed, climbing under the duvet, settling in. Kalan settled in next to her. "You'll never guess who came in today? To the Hogsmead branch, I was at the new staff training -- Nicole Avery."

Mia felt herself flush a little and her breath quicken slightly. "Oh! Was she there to see you?"

"No," Kalan replied, "just shopping for her nephew, he's about to turn five."

"How was she?" Mia asked quickly, thoughts swimming with memories of Nicole. They hadn't seen each other in nearly a decade.

"She seemed well, working somewhere in the government, and she looked good, fit as ever."

Mia's heart quickened a bit faster and she bit her lip, playfully turning to smile at Kalan, "Oh did she now?!" she teased as she cuddled in under his arm.

Kalan laughed, the deep laugh she associated with their bedroom. "Nowhere near as gorgeous as you darling, none of your elegance or grace. But you know, I had a bit of a thing for her early on at school."

"Did you really?" Mia asked, pulling away slightly to look up at him, "When?"

Kalan grinned "Oh yes, quite badly, Year 8 when I joined the boys football team. The boys and the girls were scrimmaging and she caught me staring at her. She scored on me faster than I realized what was happening, last time I got distracted on the pitch."

Mia laughed, settling back in against Kalan's chest. "Very reasonable. She is beautiful." Mia's thoughts raced, she had never told Kalan about her and Nicole, it had never come up, but now...

"You two were quite close," Kalan said, rubbing her shoulder "Did you not stay in touch?"

"No, not exactly," Mia said. "It, um, got complicated."

"Complicated? How'dya mean?" It was Kalan's turn to look down at her.

Mia sat up, took a deep breath. She had never lied to Kalan, she wasn't about to start now. "Bad break up," she blurted. "We had a bad breakup."

"Bad..." Kalan's voice trailed off, his mind spinning. Then a wicked smile broke across his face, it was the same smile that had led to Tay and Ro. Mia felt her nerves fall away and returned his smile "Williamson, you naughty girl, I can't believe you have kept something this delicious from me for so long." He settled in against the pillows, "You must tell me everything."

"There was never a time that seemed quite right!" Mia said quickly "And it was so long ago and it never came up."

"My darling," Kalan said, taking both her hands in his, "I am delighted, I could not be less upset. Please I want to hear it all from the beginning."

Mia smiled back at him and slid a tongue on her bottom lip, after all these years she could almost taste Nicole there still.

It had begun quite innocently enough. Nicole, Melissa and Mia were joined at the hip from Year 9 -- when they all finally made the football team - on. The rhythm and trust between players demanded it. Nicole and Mia slept in the same dormitory, went to classes together, ate their meals, went to meetings, and of course practiced. They practiced hard; Nicole and Mia would often hop into one or the other's four-poster bed to discuss strategy, sometimes falling asleep together. 

"Melissa was dear of course in every way but," Mia told Kalan, "there weren't any other girls of color in our year, and Nicole just... understood." Kalan nodded, smoothing the scarf at the back of Mia's neck. Some of the girls had been simply horrible.

They were close, as close as friends could be. Mia could tell when Nicole and Melissa were upset, hungry, tired, stressed, and she could usually guess why. Nicole and Melissa stayed with the Williamsons for several weeks every summer, the three moving in tandem in the London apartment, as easily as they did at school. They would ride the train to a pitch across town so they could practice. They moved like a unit on the team. Always defending each other, never looking to score as individuals, never about personal glory, but about the game.

Mia was popular. She enjoyed dating around, and far from sexually inexperienced. She had sex with a man for the first time with a boy in her year after the school disco Year 11. 

Kalan laughed at the reminder, "Oh God, he told me every detail, it was quite a night -- or so I heard." Kalan had gotten his hands on some whisky and passed out drunk in the bushes. 

Mia smiled to at the memory of their search to find the drunken Kalan after they left the boys dormitories. "You were sloshed, we had to carry you up the stairs, we hid behind a tapestry from your mum." They had reminisced about the night before, but somehow they could feel the tenderness of those teenage moments that night, hiding from Kalan's mum who was also their headmistress. 

The night with that boy was fun, even pleasurable, but he didn't hold her attention long. When she at last opened the door to her dormitory -- tired with sore feet, Mia was delighted to see Nicole in her pajamas gently dozing in Mia's bed. Maybe it was the remainder of the whisky that she'd drank, but Mia stared at Nicole's sleeping form for far too long, admiring her hips under the sheet and her nipples standing out through the fabric in the cool night. 

Mia shook herself and got ready for bed, sliding in beside Nicole and throwing an arm around her waist as she cuddled into her back, like they had slept hundreds of nights before. However, tonight Nicole stirred, turning, eyes fluttering awake as they looked into Mia's.

Nicole's hand came up and tucked a stray curl back into Mia's head wrap. Mia felt her heart quicken, eyes looking into Nicole's, mind wandering back to the sight of her smooth curves pressing against the sheet. 

"You looked beautiful tonight." Nicole breathed, hand still cupped at Mia's cheek.

Slowly, so slowly it was impossible to tell who initiated it, Mia and Nicole came together, sharing one long, passionate kiss. When their lips met, it felt as though every nerve in Mia's body were suddenly alight. Her stomach did flips as a desire she'd never known rose in her throat.

They broke apart, panting. Mia searched Nicole's eyes for understanding and met only the same bewilderment as her own. 

"Goodnight," Nicole said, turning over to allow Mia to spoon her again. They hadn't spoken about the kiss for three years, but Mia found she thought of it often, especially when her hands wandered towards her own clit when she was in bed alone.

Kalan was looking at her, mouth slightly ajar, as though he could feel the intimacy of that first kiss. Mia laughed gently at his expression and he pulled her closer, smiling, encouraging her to continue. 

After school, Mia and Nicole kept in touch with phone calls every few months. They hadn't seen each other until nearly a year after the graduated.

Mia bit her lip, nervously, "This next part, the timing is bad I know." Kalan looked puzzled. "It was after your mum's funeral."

Kalan's mouth tightened, the way it always did when he thought about that day, and the weeks and months that followed. The three years before he and Mia found their way back to each other had been dark and long for him. His mum had been beloved by him and every other student, and her unexpected death from a blood clot had shaken the whole community.

"You have to understand, emotions were high, and we weren't planning it."

"I understand! I understand." Kalan said, rubbing her shoulder reassuringly, "Lord knows I followed that feeling into the beds of many poor decisions after,"

"Yes," Mia breathed a sigh of relief, "except it wasn't a mistake, it was a beginning."

The funeral had ended early in the evening, with the mourners gathering in the hall for a light dinner. Nicole, Melissa and Mia met eyes. Mia nodded her head towards the exit to the school grounds and nodding back, Nicole and Melissa followed.

Mia was back there as she told Kalan the story. The three girls set off for a walk, headed in the direction of the lake. It was a cool spring night; a slight breeze stirred the grass and played across the lake. Mia felt a grief like she had never before -- struggling with the first loss of someone she cared about. Her heart pounded. She burst into a run, smiling ruefully back at Nicole and Melissa. With yelps of surprise, they took off after her. Mia ran and ran, struggling to understand the depth of the loss they'd all experienced that night. Yet, she was not afraid, she had her best friends in the world by her side.

As they neared a large tree, Mia began to slow, panting with the effort. Nicole caught up and unexpectedly tackled her to the ground. As they rolled, Melissa jumped onto the heap and the three came to a halt on the grass in a tangle of dress and limbs. 

Mia opened her eyes to find her lips inches from Nicole's. Nicole was looking at her with an expression Mia had never seen before. Later Mia knew it to be confusion, perhaps a little fear, and desire. At the time though, all she knew was her breath hitched in her chest and she felt her stomach tighten. Meeting Nicole's gaze Mia nodded, a smile at the corners of her lips. Nicole leaned forward and kissed Mia.

It was like their kiss from years before, but better than Mia could have dreamed. Her heart was pounding in her chest, and behind her closed eyelids, fireworks were going off. Mia and Nicole broke apart, and then looked up at Melissa, eyes filled with desire, pain and the need to dull it. Melissa looked back, and then surprising both of them, leaned down and kissed first Nicole, then Mia. Melissa's kiss did not fill Mia with the same desire as Nicole's. But her lips were warm and soft and drove away the grief. 

The night was warm, yet Mia shivered slightly as her lips left Melissa's. She looked back to Nicole who looked back at her with an expression of such hunger Mia could not quite believe it. Her heart pounded wildly within her chest and she practically launched herself forward onto Nicole, pinning her against the ground and kissing her with the passion she'd pushed down for the past three years. Mia kissed Nicole as though her life depended on it, tongue flicking out of her mouth to taste Mia. Nicole returned with all the passion she had, teeth grabbing Mia's bottom lip when she began to pull away, drawing her closer.

Mia felt Melissa lay down beside her, move her braids to the shoulder farthest from her and begin to stroke the back of her neck. At Melissa's touch, Mia broke her kiss with Nicole, giving out a long, breathless moan. The sound coming out of her had startled her and pulled her off Nicole, looking at the two.

"Sorry," she breathed, aware of the blush creeping into her cheeks, "I just..." She broke off, she didn't have any excuse, she just wanted them - both of them, she realized to her surprise.

Melissa looked back and forth from Nicole to Mia, "Let's. I want to."

Mia and Melissa looked at Nicole who gave a throaty laugh that Mia had never heard before, "I've wanted this for longer than you both will ever know."

Inspired, Nicole stood up, pulling her dress up over her head and dropping it onto the floor. Beneath her dress she had a practical black bra that showed off the gentle swell of her breasts. Her stomach sloped above a pair of black panties with black lace lining the curves of her round ass, Mia felt herself begin to drool slightly, imagining sliding her tongue over Nicole's stomach as she slid her panties off. Nicole extended a hand to Melissa, pulling her up to stand with her. Nicole wrapped one of her strong hands behind Melissa's head, pulling her into a deep kiss. Mia felt her panties dampen immediately, nearly gasping with the strength of her desire. Melissa and Nicole kissed for several minutes, Nicole breaking their kiss, a string of saliva connecting Melissa's lip to the tip of Nicole's extended tongue. 

Melissa smiled, quickly pulling her dress up and over her head. Seeing the too big periwinkle panties and the white, sweat stained sports bra, Nicole snorted and Mia giggled. 

"Come on," Melissa said crossly, crossing her arms across her chest, "I came to mourn, not expecting to fuck."

"No, no, no," Mia crooned, standing and taking Melissa's hands in her own to uncross her arms. "You are beautiful, it is sweet."

Mia bent her head to Melissa's breasts, the largest of the three girls', kissing them gently at first and then more passionately as Melissa's heads pressed into the back of her head. Mia felt Nicole step behind her. Nicole's hands wrapped around Mia's waist, pulling her ass tight against her, whispering in her ear, "Let's get this off you."

Melissa broke their kiss, stepping back as Nicole pulled Mia's dress over her head. "Ms. Williamson," Nicole gasped, "You came ready to fuck alright."

Mia laughed as Melissa ogled her bare breasts and the thin purple lace thong that stretched to cover her. "I did not! I haven't worn a bra in ages and this was the only clean thing!" Then, in response to Melissa's skeptical look, "I was in a rush-"

She broke off as Nicole spun her, grabbing a handful of ass cheek and pulling her to her. Mia felt her small breasts grow hard at the nipples as they pressed against Nicole's. Then Nicole's mouth was on her and she was no longer aware of where her body began and Nicole's ended. Her mouth traveled from Nicole's, down her throat where Nicole stopped and sucked, making Mia gasp, her hands pulling Nicole tighter to her. Then Melissa was behind her, grinding up against her ass, hand on her hips pulling her closer. Mia brought a hand to the back of Melissa's head, bringing Melissa's lips to hers and kissing her passionately. Nicole's mouth moved further down, catching one of Mia's nipples in her mouth. Mia felt drawn to her from the inside out, the sensation of her nipples making her already damp panties wetter.

The rocked like that for several long minutes, bodies moving in a kind of dance, both familiar and entirely new, mouths exploring each other with curiosity and passion brought on by years of friendship and the emotional roller-coaster of the past 24 hours. With one particularly strong thrust against Mia, Melissa toppled the three of them over where they sprawled, limbs tangled, on the grass. Nicole moved first, unclasping her bra from behind and arching her back to slide her panties off. Melissa did the same in a few swift tugs. Mia, mesmerized by the sight did not move a muscle. Nicole reached for Melissa and pulling herself on top of her. They kissed deeply as they struggled to find a comfortable and pleasurable position, breasts rubbing lazily together as the shifted. Mia moved behind them just in time to see them settle, pussies against the other's thighs. Mia felt her mouth fall open as they began to move, slowly at first, then faster and faster, rubbing against each other. 

Large, full lips framed Nicole's pussy, her clit peaking out between the top, dark red and slightly swollen. She rubbed her pussy enthusiastically on Melissa's leg, leaving a long wet trail every time she moved that Mia longed to taste. Melissa's pussy, in contrast to her large breasts and full nipples, had small lips and -- Mia assumed - a similarly sized clit that she could not see from her vantage point. The thought of pulling Melissa's pussy open and seeing that clit for herself made Mia's stomach jolt with pleasure and renewed the wetness between her legs. 

Melissa was rubbing herself with equal pleasure on Nicole's thigh that pressed between her legs. The noises coming from Mia and Melissa made it clear that they were exploring each other with their tongues, punctuated with gasps of pleasure. Mia moved still closer forward, settling onto her knees in the tangle of legs. With tentative fingers, she reached forward and pressed a finger against Nicole's pussy. Nicole's movements became smaller against Melissa's thigh, simply rubbing her clit, as Mia pushed her middle finger inside her. Mia heard Nicole let out a huge breath of air as she slid inside her, followed by a gasp as she twisted her wrist so her palm faced up. In rhythm with Nicole's movements, Mia began to fuck her with her fingers, enjoying the growing wetness inside Nicole and her gasps and moans. Mia was going wild inside, she could not quite believe that they were finally doing this, yet somehow it felt like the most natural thing in the world, she couldn't believe they hadn't done it sooner. 

Melissa was still thrusting away against Nicole's leg, but distracted by her own pleasure, Nicole was no longer moving back with the same firmness. Reaching around Nicole's leg, Mia moved forward and with her other hand, not quite daring to believe it, moved the outside of Melissa's pussy back. Then, seeing the hooded clitoris and sucking in a breath of delight, pulled Melissa's hood back, exposing the pink and swollen clit beneath. Melissa gasped, muffled by Nicole's mouth pressing against her own. Mia rubbed the tip of her finger against Melissa's clit, enjoying the sensation of the hard nub and Melissa's wetness on her finger. She was rewarded with further muffled gasps from Melissa. 

Then to Mia's great surprise, Melissa came -- hard. Mia felt her clit give a throb beneath her finger and watched with delight as liquid began to spill from between Melissa's pussy lips. Mia heard Melissa cry out and saw her back arch against Nicole. Her moans continued for several moments as more liquid spilled from within her. Then Melissa began squirming away from Mia's hand, so she returned her to attention to Nicole. 

Nicole was positively thrusting against her now, only her protruding clit still rubbed against Melissa's wet thigh. Mia could no longer resist and bent, giving Melissa's thigh a long lick, the tip of her tongue making the briefest of contacts with Nicole's clit. Mia's head spun with the taste of Nicole. She was as sweet as candy, and at the same time an earthy flavor like some sort of edible flower Mia had never tasted before. The smell of Nicole made her clamp her legs together to put further pressure on her own clit. As she did so, she noticed how open Nicole's pussy had become, just begging to be filled. Mia uncurled her first finger, and slid it easily into Nicole's depths. She heard Nicole gasp and Melissa giggle. Mia could no longer help herself and her other hand slid down to her own pussy, rubbing her favorite spot just above her own exposed clit. 
