  Author's Notes: This is my second story. The first one was well received but got a lot of conflicting feedback (some people wanted bigger cocks, others thought it was unrealistically big, etc). I ignored most of that and just wrote a new fun story that came to me. Hopefully you'll enjoy. Sequel to "Family Friends" is also in development. 

It would probably be fair to say that my wife and I were a strange couple. Sure, I guess we seemed normal enough most of the time. We both held steady office jobs in nearby buildings, and we had a gorgeous apartment overlooking the ocean in a very wealthy part of Miami. We were both still young, she at 26 and myself at 28, and we were very much enjoying our lives.

I don't know if I'd say we were bored, sexually. We had sex constantly, almost every night and often meeting up on lunch breaks for quickies. We'd explored a lot of things that were off the beaten path, but didn't find any for us. We'd done sex outdoors, sex in public, anal sex, submission, even swinging once or twice. But we knew there was something out there that we were especially into.

The realization hit us when we were out to lunch on a saturday. We sat outside at a relatively nice restaraunt in Miami, where we lived. I was looking across at my wife, admiring her figure in the sundress she was wearing, when I noticed her eyes break from mine to look at something over my shoulder.

I realized what she was looking at a second later, when our waitress stopped to take our order.

"Hi, my name's Kelsey. What can I get for you two today?" Kelsey was one of the most stunning things I had every seen. She couldn't have been more than 18 or 19, clearly working this job on the weekends while she was at college. She was wearing a little black dress that hugged her tight, teenage figure; the strapless top let plenty of her ample cleavage show. My eyes drifted down to her legs as well, which were long and toned. The dress ended pretty low on her thigh, so there was plenty more to look at. It wasn't even that the dress seemed inappropriate for working in; it just seemed that with her body, there wasn't any way to hide how beautiful she was.

I caught my wife across the table checking Kelsey out in the same way I had been. I spoke up, since the waitress was looking to either of us for a response. "Sure, can I get a rye manhattan?"

Kesley was nothing if not perky. "Mmhm!" she said, writing the order down. "And for you, ma'am?"

"Mojito," my wife replied. "Keep them coming, for both of us."

Kelsey wrote that down, nodded, then skipped off back inside to the restaurant.

"Holy shit," my wife muttered. "That girl is so hot."

I had to smile; my wife was a looker herself, and she had turn plenty of heads on our way to having lunch. In fact, she looked a lot like the waitress in question. Maybe a little more curves to her, but a nice ample set of tits and a plump, firm ass.

"She definitely is," I replied.

"Seriously, David," She said, leaning over the table toward me. "I would do terrible things to her pussy." My wife, Patricia, rarely ever spoke that way about a girl. In fact, it took a special kind of girl to get her riled up in this way. So I decided to tease her a bit.

"Really? Should we take her home with us?" I asked, fully expecting my wife to look at me scornfully. Instead, she thought about it for a moment. 

"Yeah, sure. Let's see if we can get her to come back with us."

I was kind of taken aback. "What, seriously?"

Patricia fired back a devilish grin. "What, you're not up for it? I mean, I can always just take her back to a hotel while you go home..."

And now the teasing had come back on me. "Alright, game on. Let's see what we can do."

We both spent the rest of the meal chatting up the waitress, trying to get stories and smiles out of her, and laughing at all the jokes she would toss our way. Anything to make her feel special, feel important. We made up excuses to talk to her, to get her smiling. To learn anything about her. Finally, we came to the end of our meal, by which time she knew both our names, and we knew that she was a student at University of Miami and that she was single. "Anything else I can get you folks?"

I smiled up at her. "Actually, we were thinking of asking you if you wanted to sit down and join us for a drink."

She seemed somewhat startled, as no one had probably asked her this at work before. "I don't know... I don't think we're supposed to do that, really. I guess I get off in twenty minutes anyway, I could-" 

"Well, in that case, we'll pay for these and head to the bar across the street. If you feel like joining us, come on over. We'd love to chat some more." I smiled, and my wife reached out and touched her hand gently. I placed some bills under our drinks and stood up after Kelsey walked away.

"You really think she'll join us?" my wife asked.

"Definitely. I just gave her a 50 dollar tip."

We went across the street to another bar and ordered two of the same drinks we'd already been having. Sure enough, shortly later Kelsey walks in, looking somewhat awkward until she spots our faces at a booth near the back of the bar. She walks over, sitting across from the two of us. She seemed to smile a bit uncomfortably.

"Thanks for coming!" my wife said, reaching out to touch her hand again. "We just thought we were all having so much fun, and we wanted to see if it would go anywhere." Kelsey smiled, nodding.

I chimed in, "I was worried you wouldn't be able to get in here; you almost don't look 21."

She blushed a little before leaning over and saying, "I'm not, actually. I've got my older sister's old ID. I'm only 19."

My wife and I shared a pleasant look. "Well, you're secret's safe with us," Patricia said.

I asked Kelsey what she wanted to drink, and ended up ordering a round of screwdrivers for the three of us. My wife was doing most of the talking with Kelsey and putting her at ease; mostly, it was just questions about where she came from and what she was studying at school. Kelsey seemed to loosen up quite a bit. She was still a bit shy, but she was talking more and more about her life and generally laughing a whole lot. It seemed like she had questioned why she was coming here initially, but now that she was here she was having a great time. A few rounds later, we were all feeling that way.

And apparently, my wife felt it was time to start pushing things a little further. Boldly, she sat down on Kelsey's side of the booth and put her arm around her, using her her other arm to brush Kelsey's hair from here eyes. Quietly, though clear enough for me to hear it, asked, "So what's a gorgeous girl with a body like that doing without a boyfriend?"

Kelsey's face was already a bit flush after three drinks, but I think I still saw her blush a bit underneath that. "I don't know. I guess guys don't notice me that much."

Patricia looked over at me for a second. "Dear, did you notice Kelsey?" When I nodded, she looked back at Kelsey. "And I'll bet guys aren't the only ones noticing you. I've bet plenty of girls are dying to get in the sack with you too. I'm tempted to take you home myself."

If Kelsey minded how forward this was, she didn't show it. In fact, she seemed to have enjoyed herself so much as to play this game, now. "Well, I wish you would! I bet you'd have plenty to teach me."

I watched almost incredulously from across the table as my wife kissed Kesley hard on the lips, their tongues dancing together. I could feel my cock stiffening in my pants as they groped at each other, feeling breasts through shirts. My wife plunged her free hand under kelsey's dress, then broke off the kiss.

"My my," she said, "you're plenty wet. You ready for the three of us to get out of here?"

Near entranced, Kelsey nodded, so I paid for the drinks and hailed a cab from outside. We all hopped in with Kelsey in the middle, but it seemed that we couldn't wait the twenty minutes to get back to our house. Instead, I directed the cab driver to the hotel a few blocks away. The whole time, Kelsey and Patricia had been making out and groping each other in the back seat of the cab.

I paid the cabbie an extra 20 for his discretion and picked up the hotel keys as we walked in. The attendant at the desk could barely focus, staring wide-eyed at the two gorgeous women sucking face and groping each other behind me. We headed to the elevator, and as the doors closed, Patricia broke off their kiss and reached over to slide her hand into my pants and rub my fully hard cock.

"I think it's about time we invite a man to this party, don't you Kelsey?" my wife said, teasingly.

"I'd love to. That is, if he wants to..." Kelsey said jokingly. I must have looked like I couldn't wait another second, which was accurate enough.

The elevator beeped and we ran to our room, with Kelsey and Patricia throwing me onto the bed when I had barely taken a step into the room. Patricia reached up to unclasp my belt, but left it to Kelsey pull off my pants. "Go ahead," my wife said. "I want to see your face when you see his cock for the first time."

Kelsey nodded and slid off my pants to the floor, her mouth falling open and ready to suck. My cock wasn't porn-enormous, but it was definitely on the large side, and with Kelsey's surprised face it looked like it was the biggest she'd ever had and that she was excited about it. She looked up at me with seductive eyes as she flicked her tongue over the head while she cradled my balls in her hand. My wife came up to kiss me while she unbuttoned my shirt and pulled it off of me so I could be naked in front of the two of them. As she kissed and sucked at my neck, she whispered in my ear, "this one is a very good catch."

I smiled and nodded, now completely nude before the young woman sucking hard at my stiff cock, her mouth sliding up and down the first few inches while she worked the rest with her hand. She definitely had experience sucking cock, but I don't think she had ever had one this big before. I eased my hands around the back of her head to gently guide her speed, encouraging her.

"Fuck, that feels good. Right there, baby. I love the way you do this."

She pulled off and smiled up at me. "Well, I want to make sure your wife can come down and have some fun. Fuck, your husband's cock is so perfect, Patricia," she said to my wife as Patricia came down to take her turn working my cock.

"Oh, you don't know the half of it, my dear. But I'm sure he'd be more than willing to show you, soon enough."

My wife took her turn going down on me too. I expected it to be a familiar kind of blowjob, but this was different. She seemed invigorated, sucking harder and faster, working her tongue all around. I smiled down as she looked up at me, and she seemed to understand what I was thinking. My wife watched as Kelsey ran her hands over my torso, admiring my muscles (I work out enough to keep everything looking fit). Kelsey started to remove her own clothing, pulling off her dress to reveal that her young tits required no bra and were in fact holding themselves up perfectly in her dress. She wore a black thong which she slipped off in order to get to her clit. She lay back, watching Patricia suck at my cock as she stroked herself, masturbating to the sight of us. I reached down with my hands and pulled my wife's head off.

"Look at this, Patricia," I said, gesturing over toward Kesley as she rubbed herself. "She's had to resort to pleasuring herself. We can't let our guest be ignored, can we?"

"Oh, of course not," my wife replied, taking Kesley by the hand and laying her nude body down on the bed. She began to suck on Kelsey's nipples while Kelsey threw her head back, still stroking at her clit with one hand while she held her pussy open with the other. I pushed apart her legs and grabbed her wrists, restraining her hands off to the side.

"No, no," I said, "You're going to lay back while I take care of you." With that, I began sucking at her clit, stroking it up and down with hard licks and toying around it nimbly. Kelsey moaned loudly, with one nipple being sucked and nibbled, the other being pinched and tweaked, he pussy being eaten, and both her hands restrained. She seemed to be in total esctasy. I could feel her hips subtly gyrate against me, grinding against my face while I pleasured her nubile young clitoris.

"Oh, fuck yes, that feels so good," she moaned, barely able to form the words between gasps of pleasure.

"Do you like the way daddy eats your pussy?" my wife asked, coming up from sucking on her young tits to tantalize her. This was the first of the daddy play, mostly to see how Kelsey would react.

"Fuck yes, I love the way daddy eats me, suck my clit daddy, make me cum," she replied. My wife looked down at me and smiled as if to say, well, looks like we know what our roles will be.

I kept licking at Kelsey's clit dutifully until I felt her back start to arch and her muscles clench, her entire body start to flex as she shouted. "I'M CUMMMINNNGGGGG!"

I was pretty sure everybody on our hotel floor heard that shout, but I wasn't concerned in the slightest. Instead, I continued to suck gently at Kesley's now dripping wet pussy as she moaned and relaxed her muscles. Coming up from at her waist, I kissed both her and my wife, wet sloppy kisses so they could both taste Kelsey's pussy from my lips and chin.

"Mmmm, you've got a tasty pussy, baby," my wife said. "You ready to have a big cock inside of your tight twat?"

"Yes, mommy, I want daddy's cock inside of me more than anything," she replied, getting up on all fours and arching her back to present her wet pussy to me. "Please, daddy, fuck me. Fuck your little girl."

I was eager to oblige her in that regard, so I set myself in place and put my cock at her soaking wet entrance while my wife steered my stiff prick as I slowly penetrated her. Both my wife and I watched Kelsey's face as she winced and bit her lip, my large cock stretching her tight teenage twat. After a few slow strokes, though, she took the whole cock inside of her and moaned with relief. My wife, now that I was fully inside Kelsey, removed her clothing and stepped over to Kelsey's head and presented her own wet pussy to the nubile young thing currently getting fucked from behind.

"You want mommy to cum too, don't you? Don't you want to make mommy cum?" my wife asked, teasingly.

I was still pumping slowly from behind, so Kelsey had enough of her wits about her to nod and beging to eat out my wife's pussy. I ran my hands down Kelsey's back to grab at her hips, picking up the pace and fucking her harder. My wife was throwing her head back in pleasure as Kelsey tongued her clit; Kelsey was moaning in pleasure but focused enough to keep pleasing my wife.

"Oh yes," Patricia cried out. "Suck mommy's clit, mommy needs to cum for her little girl. Fuck yes baby, right there. Oh, mommy's going to cum for you. Don't stop... I'M CUMMING!" With that, Patricia let loose and began to squirt, her pussy-cum coating Kelsey's mouth and chin.

Now that my wife had been satisfied, I felt more justified in giving Kelsey a harder fucking. I tightened my grip on her hips and began pushing myself harder and faster inside her, slamming my cock into her pussy. She almost immediately reacted, moaning loadly and squealing in delight as I pounded her from behind. Committing to the dominant role, I began talk to her while I plowed. "You love it when daddy fucks you, don't you? Daddy's cock is your favorite cock in the world. But you've been a bad girl, and you deserve to be punished." To drive it home, I took my hand up and spanked her hard on her right asscheek.

"Yes daddy," she replied between gasps of pleasure at being penetrated so deeply. "I've been a bad slut daughter and I deserve to be fucked like the whore I am. Please punish me daddy, punish me with your huge cock and cover me with your hot cum. Punish me for as long as you want to, daddy, I know I've earned it. I want to cum all over your huge dick."

Hearing her talk like that made it hard to believe that this was the same perky and shy girl we had met at the restaurant, but her pleadings only made me pound and spank harder. Eventually her words just dissolved into moans, louder and louder, until, "FUCK ME DADDY, I'M CUMMING!!!!" Obliging, I slammed into her as hard and fast as I could, prolonging the orgasm while she screamed out.

As her orgasms subsided, she pulled off of my cock. "Lie back, daddy, I want to show you how well I can ride your cock." Tired from all the fucking so far, lying back seemed like a perfect idea to me. I complied with her request and laid back, letting her straddle me and insert my cock into her pussy from the cowgirl position. My wife, who had been touching herself watching the two of us, came over again to kiss me, watching as Kelsey began to bounce up and down on my cock.

"Oh daddy, your cock feels so good in my tight pussy," she exclaimed, gyrating her hips back and forth against me, working my shaft in and out of her.

My wife, eager to get back into the play, added in, "I bet daddy's getting ready to cum, isn't he? Do you want to cum all over your daughter's face? Cover your daughter's face in your hot, sticky cum?"

I could barely nod with the pleasure I was experiencing; my wife was right in saying that I was very close to cumming. Luckily, Kelsey was also quite willing to help me get there.

"Please, daddy," she let out, "Come all over my face and tits daddy. I want you to cover me in your hot wet cum, I want to feel it shoot all over me."

I wasn't there yet, but I was filled with enough energy that I reached up and pulled Kelsey down, holding her close to me while I pounded her rapidly from underneath, slapping her ass with both hands while I fucked her senseless. Her moans were still loud and seductive, but as her head was already by my ear, she moaned to me, "Harder, daddy. Fuck me harder. Cum for me daddy."

Pretty quickly, I was there. Kelsey got down her knees next to my wife as I stood. My wife, smiling up at me, worked my balls from underneat while I jerked my cock, aiming at Kelsey's waiting face. I felt the pressure build up inside me, slowly, and felt my body stiffen at the upcoming load rising from my gonads. I felt the pressure build until...

"Fuck, I'm cumming!"

I let loose spurt after spurt of cum across Kelsey's face, eventually aiming down to coat both of her magnificent tits in my hot sperm. Jerking hard, I couldn't believe how much cum was shooting out of my overworked dick. When I finished, Kelsey looked she had been splattered with cum, but she just smiled and began to lick the cum from her chest while my wife kissed her and slurped the cum off of her. I collapsed onto the bed behind me, completely exhausted.

Kelsey kissed my wife, swapping some of the cum in their mouths. "So, can we do this again sometime?"

I smiled and looked at my wife as if to say, it's up to you, hun.

My wife smiled and looked at Kesley. "Baby, you can come see mommy and daddy anytime you want."

END.