 "So are you interested or what?" 

I let the words ring in my wireless headset for a moment as I contemplated the request. I was interested, sort of, but really preferred to stick with only my current commitment. 

"Listen," Tim said, "It'll be fun, I promise. It's a more laid back style of play and you'll have fun. It's a good break from the intensity of men's league, and you get to play with women."

What my buddy was referring to was playing for his co-rec softball team on Friday nights. I already played in a high skill league on Tuesday's and co-rec was often kind of laid back for me. I like to compete and win. Playing with women and being all nice on the field would be hard for my competitive nature and I always pictured softball women as being 30 pounds overweight and looking more like linebackers than real women. But what the hell, I could always use the extra at bats and it may just be fun.

"I'm in. When's the first game?"

"Hey I'm glad you decided to play Dan. You'll have fun, I promise. First game is next Friday."

"Sounds great, I'll see you then Tim."

I ended the call and went back to my day, not thinking about it in the least.

FRIDAY NIGHT

I showed up for the game a bit early wanting to get a feel for who was on the team and what their potential skill levels were. I watched the parking lot for anyone in a black and white uniform jersey. 

The first to arrive was a blonde and from this distance looked like Jenny Finch with longer hair. Damn, I thought, even if she's the best looking gal on the team it'll be worth it. She walked up and, recognizing my jersey, introduced herself to me. "Hi, I'm Laura Jean; you must be the new guy Tim talked about."

"That would be me. I'm Dan by the way, nice to meet you."

I stared into her deep blue eyes and smiled my winning smile. It was hard to turn off the charm as this girl was incredibly gorgeous. Then the other girls started to arrive and I found out that Laura Jean was not the only babe on this team; they all were. There was Traci, with incredible tits, Sandy with a nice firm figure and cute face, Darcy with a very sexy smile and cute short blonde hair, Paula a slightly older gal with incredible legs, and finally Roxanne, a short compact blonde that was just awesome. Not a 6 or 7 in the bunch, they ranged from 8 to 10 easily with Laura Jean being the real stunner. 

Tim and a few of the other guys had arrived and while warming up he leaned over, "So you glad you joined up?" He was, of course, talking about the women on the team. "Hell yeah Tim, where'd you find this team?"

"Put them together last year, apparently some of them were looking to play and have been friends for awhile. It just fell together. They not only look good, they can play too."

I nodded my head in appreciation.

The first game went great, the girls really could play and we beat our opponent handily. It was fantastic having a great looking bunch of women be athletic and into the game. I found myself gravitating towards Laura Jean and she openly flirted with me, the two of us having quite a bit in common. As it turned out we ended up warming up together every week and sitting next to each other on the bench when we were at bat. We talked quite a bit and I was definitely smitten by this young beautiful woman.

ELEVEN WEEKS LATER

We had just come off the field following our victory in the city playoffs, the trophy ours after a year with no losses. Friday nights had turned out to be a hell of a lot of fun. Tim had invited everyone over to his place after the game and most everyone had left. Laura Jean and I were still there and chatting about the game, our team, the season and the celebration. It was really no different than any other night after one of our games. Finally, the groundskeeper turned the field lights off and we headed for our cars. 

Thankfully the lights from the not too distant tennis courts illuminated our way well enough to prevent any injury. We reached the deserted parking lot and as it turned out were parked right next to each other. She dropped her gear into her trunk and came over to the back of my truck where I'd just put mine under the bed cover.

"So, ready for Tim's?"

"Yeah, nothing better than a little celebration after a great season."

"Oh most definitely," she replied, "If it's anything like last year it'll be a ball." She laughed at her last remark.

Her gorgeous face glowed in the dim light from the tennis courts, the park deserted except for us and a few hearty tennis souls over 200 yards away.

I stepped up next to her and had the strangest urge to kiss her so I did. 

"I was wondering when you were finally going to do that," she said after we broke the kiss.

"Really?" I asked.

"Yes really. I've wanted you since the first week but I wasn't sure you wanted me."

"Laura Jean you are an incredibly attractive and sexy woman. I just didn't think someone like you, someone nearly 20 years younger than me would…"

"Would what? Fall for a sexy, smart and athletic older guy like you?"

"Well, yeah, exactly that."

She shook her head, smiling. With that she kissed me again, her hand going to my crotch. "That a cup or are you happy to see me?" She giggled, reaching for my belt.

I helped her get my pants open and pull them down with my cup and jock. My cock sprang free.

"Ooohh, now if I'd known this was in there I'd have pushed the issue." Her gaze took in the size and girth of my cock. She wrapped her hand around my hardening shaft and went to her knees, taking it into her mouth. I groaned and leaned against the back of my truck, staring down at this incredible looking woman, 20 years younger than me, sucking my cock.

She pulled my cock from her mouth and stroked it. "This is an awesome cock. 

She then stood up pulled her shorts down revealing her firm ass and a very smoothly shaved pussy. She put one foot onto the bumper of my truck and turned, "C'mon Dan, fuck me with that big cock."

I glanced around and saw the park was completely deserted. I had wanted to fuck this woman for weeks now and here was my chance. I held my throbbing member in my hand and moved forward towards her. My cock head touched her wet pussy and she moaned. "C'mon! Fuck me!"

I eased my hips forward and my cock slid easily into her. She was wet and hot with desire and cried out as I filled her fully. I grabbed her hips and started to fuck her with smooth even strokes. Part of me could not believe I was doing this but then the other part of me knew I had to make her cum. It was a furious fuck, fast and hard and deep, there was nothing about it other than the wanton desires of two horny people. I drilled her hard and she took every inch, turning, holding onto my arm and expertly moving her hips to my tempo. After a few ball slapping minutes I pulled out and came all over her firm ass. We both stood there gasping catching our breath. "Like I said," she managed to say, "A warm-up. I can't wait to fuck you in a bed. Come on, the party is waiting."

I managed to recover enough for the short drive to Tim's place. We both came in the door and I was stunned by the sight before me.

Tim was sitting on the sofa getting a blow job from Traci. Sandy was bent over the armrest of the sofa getting it from behind by Jim. Jerry lay on the floor, Darcy riding his cock, Paula his face while she sucked Kevin off. Roxanne looked like she was moving to straddle Tim's face, Randy waiting for her to get into position so he could feed her his cock. It was an orgy the likes of which I hadn't seen in years. It looked like the whole team was here with the exception of Chris. Then I heard a small cry of pleasure from the left and peered around the corner to the kitchen. Chris was fucking Sydney, Tim's wife and a former school mate of mine, from behind in the kitchen. Sydney spied me and smiled around a moan as Chris drove deeper into her with his cock. I felt movement and realized that Laura Jean was now naked next to me. "It's our time to join in Dan." She pulled at my shirt and even though I was completely dazed by what was happening around me I was not about to be left out. I planned on fucking every one of these women tonight. I was naked in a second.

Laura Jean guided me to the open recliner and sat me in it, going to her knees and wrapping her mouth around my cock, getting it nice and hard again. My head rolled back in pleasure. I glanced around the room and conspicuously noticed that the women who could see me were staring with lust at my cock. While there was not a small one in the group of guys here, mine was the biggest and thickest. 

Laura Jean pulled my cock from her mouth and turned around. She sat her tight pussy right onto my cock. It felt fucking incredible to be back in her hot pussy. I then felt motion at my side and looked over. It was Sydney, fresh from getting fucked by Chris in the kitchen. She knelt next to the chair and gave me a big kiss. "I'm glad you are here Dan." I looked down at Laura Jean fucking my cock and nodded my head. "I have to agree with you there Syd."

Sydney reached down to the base of my hard pole and held it firm for a second as Laura Jean quickened her pace driving herself down on my cock and erupting in a huge orgasm. 

"It looks like Laura Jean likes that big cock Dan," Sydney said as Laura Jean continued to ride me through her orgasm.

"You want a turn?" I asked Sydney, my eyes twinkling. I had always had a soft spot for Sydney and remembered what an old buddy of mine whom she had dated before Tim told me about her; she was a great fuck. Over the years I had known Tim and Sydney I had always wondered what it would be like to fuck her and now I was going to find out.

"So it looks like the rumors were true".

"And what rumors were those?" I asked.

"That you had the biggest cock in your class in school." Sydney replied with a smile.

At this point Laura Jean rose into her second orgasm while driving her sopping pussy down onto my cock. It was getting hard to concentrate on Sydney and our talking.

I was spared, as Sydney rose and stood next to Laura Jean and asked her if she would share. Laura Jean slid her tight pussy off my cock, turned, and knelt, taking my cock into her hand. Sydney assumed the same position as Laura Jean had been in and lowered her beautiful pussy onto my cock. I stared over at Tim on the couch to see what he thought about his wife riding my dick but he was too engrossed in fucking Roxanne.

I reached out and grasped Sydney's ass as she slid up and down on my big tool. Laura Jean came alongside the easy chair and bent over a bit giving me a deep, sexy kiss. I felt and heard her moan into my mouth. She broke the kiss and gasped louder. I glanced past her and saw Chris holding her hips. It was obvious he was fucking her. I pinched one of Laura Jean's nipples and she smiled around a moan of pleasure.

The action was starting to reach a high point as several of the women were in the throes of loud orgasm and at least one guy had just unloaded some jizz. From what I could make out it was Kevin cumming into Paula's mouth. Sydney pressed down hard onto my cock, its full length hitting her cervix, her orgasm coming out in a long scream of pleasure. She bounced a couple of times on my cock and then slowly pulled herself off. My cock stood out hard and throbbing coated with our sex juices.

I was feeling very aroused at this point and reaching a place of wanton desire. I stood and glanced around the living room for an available pussy. I needed to fuck and fuck hard. Darcy had just come off of Jerry's cock. I grabbed her and guided her to the couch where she lay back. I raised and spread both her legs, grasping them at the ankles, and slid my cock into her. She cried out in lust. I started to fuck her hard and deep, driving my big cock all the way in, lost in the intense sex. A few minutes later her cries increased in pitch and tempo and she tensed into a mind blowing orgasm while I kept up the pace of my hard fucking. I pulled my cock out of her, leaving her on the couch to recover and surveyed the room for another pussy to fuck. 

Traci was now bent over Jerry's cock, sucking him off. I came up behind her, ran a finger over her slit, felt it was sopping and guided my cock deep into her. I grasped her hips and started to fuck her hard and deep, hearing her moans come from around Jerry's cock. Apparently my fucking her increased her sucking because Jerry groaned and I could see Traci holding her head as still as possible taking in his load. I fucked her harder now, as evidenced by her moaning in pleasure, an orgasm wracking her body. I pulled my cock from her pussy, managing somehow to hold on from cumming. I stood and noticed the mood in the room had changed slightly. People were pairing up to a certain degree and settling into slower, steadier pleasure as opposed to wanton fucking. The problem with this was I wanted to fuck them all and still had three more to go. Somehow Sydney must have sensed this. She came up next to me and held my hard cock at the base. "Ladies, who has yet to feel Dan's cock in them?" Roxanne, Sandy and Paula all acknowledged the fact that they had yet to be fucked by me. "Alright then, you three onto the couch." Sydney was taking control of the situation. "Dan, honey, you want them from behind or the front?" "Front," I managed to say, eagerly watching the three lovely ladies as they went to the couch and, per my request, lay on their backs, legs slightly spread.

"Dan, you have three minutes with each and then you must switch."

I nodded and knelt in front of Roxanne, the buxom blonde. Her pussy was red and a bit swollen from the earlier fucking she had been doing, but it was wet. I traced my cock head along the opening and then slid in. Tight, nice and tight, her pussy walls gripping my cock. I grabbed her legs behind the knees and started to fuck her in smooth strokes.

"Next," Sydney called out.

I slid my cock from Roxanne and scooted down the couch to Sandy. Her brown hair was framing her lovely face, her tits heaving as she waited, anticipating my cock in her. I didn't make her wait long, in one smooth motion I was inside her. She let out a gasp of pleasure and adjusted her hips to take my size deeper. Three minutes did not give me the time I wanted or needed to be in her incredible pussy. My cock filled her tightly and she moved her hips perfectly to match my thrusting. The other two girls, on either side of her reached out and tweaked Sandy's nipples as I fucked her deep.

"Next," Sydney called out again. I reluctantly pulled my cock from Sandy and moved down.

Paula had her firm legs in the air and was waiting for me. Being the oldest woman in the group meant nothing in terms of sex appeal when it came to Paula. She held her own and then some against these younger babes. She stared into my eyes wanting to feel my big rod, but at the same time there was something else there. I held my cock in my hand and gently, slowly fed it into her dripping pussy. It slid in smoothly and filled her completely. She gasped and moaned and started to move her hips after her pussy accommodated my size. Again, three minutes was not long enough to enjoy this incredibly sexy woman.

"Time," Sydney called out and I pulled my cock from Paula. Surprisingly I had not cum and I was amazed that I hadn't. In the span of about an hour I had now fucked seven different women, all of them incredibly sexy and desirable. The fact that I had yet to spew was not lost on Sydney. She continued to direct the group into one final massive gang bang. We circled up in the living room and paired off. I immediately took Laura Jean and lay her down in front of me. The others were paired as follows: Randy with Darcy, Jerry with Traci, Jim with Roxanne, Chris with Sandy, Kevin with Paula, and finally Tim with his wife Sydney.

In one smooth motion all the guys entered the women. It was one loud moan of pleasure that you would have to hear to believe and it could never be duplicated. It was seven couples all moving in the motions of sexual pleasure, cocks sliding in and out of tight, hot, wet pussies, hands caressing chests and nipples, grasping of thighs and ankles for better leverage and deeper penetration. I was ready to blow this time. Laura Jean would reap the full effect of my delayed orgasm and she already was. My cock was like a hardened nine inch bar of veined steel pumping in and out of her, my balls full and slapping against her. Jerry was the first to let go and he groaned and let his cum fly deep into Traci. Nothing had been said about where to cum and it was as if by silent agreement we were all filling these pussies with our hot jizz. Then Randy grunted his load into Darcy, then Kevin into Paula. It was as if a chain reaction went off and every guy could not stop. Tim came deep and hard into his wife, Sydney groaning with pleasure. Chris followed suit by holding his cock deep and still inside Sandy as he came. Jim shook and cried out, letting his cum explode deep into Roxanne. I was the last to go and as everyone recovered they stared at Laura Jean and me as we continued to move in passion. Laura Jean smiled up at me and I could feel her using her pussy muscles, squeezing me. That was the final straw. I let go and came hard and deep into her womb. 

We all lay there in the living room for several minutes, recovering, bathing ourselves in the aftermath of our passion, the room full of the smells of sex. 

Finally someone commented about being hungry and we all rose and independently headed for the bathrooms and cleaned up a bit. Clothing was optional and no one put any back on. We sat and ate the food for the party and drank wine and laughed and told stories. 

Eventually people started pairing off again and the action started anew, this time just as couples, no swapping until the next round. This continued for several more hours. I added Sydney, Traci and Sandy to Laura Jean as to whom I came in. It was a night I will never forget.

EPILOGUE

As the new co-rec softball season rolled around, everyone wondered what had happened to last season's city champs and why they had not assigned a roster yet. The problem was we couldn't field a team. You see, all of our female players were six months pregnant.