 During your call on last break, you asked me once again if I was sure, it was ok if we had some company that night. Being Friday night, I could not see any issues with having a few people over. To reassure you I offered to go get the beer and have it iced down along with some snacks. I had already planned to have cheeseburgers and chips for dinner so I just grabbed a few more ingredients might as well make enough for the whole bunch, four more people would not be that much extra work. Getting everything put away and the house picked up, I stepped out to prep the fire-pit, it was going to be a warm, full moon night and I knew that eventually the party would move outside. I finished just as I heard your truck turn into the driveway. Perfect timing, I was so ready to be near you again, I had been craving the feel of your arms around me.

"Hello Beautiful!" I love the way your face lights up when you look at me.

"Hello my Darlin'. I am so glad your home. I've really missed you today." Stepping into your arms, I can feel the steady beat of your heart under my cheek.

"Me too, Angel. Me too!" How can you still kiss me as if it is the first time? So tender and almost unsure, there is such innocence to our love that never fails to surprise me.

"So who all's coming tonight?" I ask, breathlessly breaking the kiss

"Just a few guys from work that want to hang out. They will be here in a few hours." You answer huskily, suddenly squeezing me tight, "Just enough time to relax with my baby."

"Mmmmmm." The desire in your voice melts my heart instantly as you take my hand in yours, gently leading me into the house.

"Meet you in the shower?" The question in your voice completely defies the sureness of your gaze.

"Just give me a few minutes Baby." The thought of how much I long for your body crosses my mind as I watch you walk away, slowly stripping off your shirt as you go. God, the amount of pleasure this man has brought to my life and continues to bring me. Locking the front door, I step to the side to slip my dirty shoes off, my mind flashing a slide show of moments together. Moments when you have drove me to the brink of desire-filled insanity, moments of surprising tenderness. Leaving my socks behind I quietly hurry to the bathroom, no sense in putting off that undeniable pleasure any longer when I can have it now.

I can hear the water flowing from the shower head yet when I step through the door your standing there waiting, leaning up against the counter in all your naked glory smiling suggestively at me, motioning me to you with a crook of the finger. The way you are looking at me never fails to make sparks fly through my body making every step a challenge as I slowly walk to you. My fingers quickly slide across my body to unbutton my denim shorts, lowering the zipper with a deliberate slowness on the verge of seduction. Wiggling them off my hips, I let them slip down my legs, stepping out of them as my hands slip up to the hem of my thin tee shirt. Crossing my hands at the waist, I savor the look of rapture on your face, your eyes captivated with my slowly exposed body as my shirt finally raises over my head and drops to the floor as I step in front of you. Shocks of electricity flow from my fingertips to my core as they softly touch your body. Fanning out across your stomach before gliding up your body, my fingers dance in your chest hair as your arms draw me close. Our lips meet in a kiss seared with a burning hunger, rivers of that chaotic electrical current surging up my spine under your urgent touch.

Surprise registers in a gasp as you suddenly spin me around and guide me into the shower in front of you, my hands instinctively crossing over my breasts as the water flows over my shoulders. My body melts against the coolness of your skin as your hands slip around my waist. My head falling back to rest against your shoulder just as hot kisses on my neck send shock waves straight to my core, the water flowing down my thighs rinsing my dripping juices away. God, you make my body so hungry, I do not remember ever getting this wet before you. I do not remember craving anyone's touch the way I do yours, the need to have you is enough to drive me crazy some days.

My body shudders involuntarily as your left hand glides down to cup my freshly shaved mound, the right hand venturing up between my breasts to the base of my neck, turning my face to you as you suddenly slip a finger inside me. Catching me as my knees begin to buckle, your kiss nearly stops my heart while stealing my moan as our tongues tango. Your rock hard cock presses into the crack of my ass as you slip a second finger into me, slowly fucking me under the warm spray from the shower head. Goose bumps chase your right hand back to my left breast, my nipples standing at attention, plump and hard. As my body begins to tense, my head drops back to your shoulder again, my hands gripping your hips, your strength alone holding me up as every nerve within me explodes, flooding your fingers with my hot nectar. The racing of my heart guided my shaky breathing as a series of eruptions cause me to shudder against you while my hands fall to the wall in front of me.

With one swift movement, your fingers are replaced by the head of your shaft slipping into me inch by agonizing inch, elicting a long, breathless moan from my lips. Pleasure rips through my body as you stretch me, filling me with your hardness, pausing only a moment to savor the tightness surrounding you. Deliciously tormenting me as you slip all but the head out and pause for a few seconds before slamming back in until your buried deep repeatedly. 

Your fingers expertly find my clit just as my body begins to tense, my back instinctively arching gives you more depth as your rhythm begins to change. Your powerful thrusts penetrate deeper into me as your cock grows again. Your tangled hand convinces my body to rise back up against you as you firmly tug on my hair, your free hand gripping my hip as you drive into me. It does not take long before we explode together as hot kisses trail down the side of my neck, our bodies quivering together as they continue to move as one, holding on while we slowly climb back down from sheer ecstasy. Heart beats slowing, breathing returning to normal as your hands guide me in turning to face you, our lips meet again, this time a kiss filled with tenderness and love.

Luckily, this house has a big water heater! I love the gentle roughness of your hands as they slowly work their way across and down my back. The slickness of my body wash eases their path as I work the shampoo into my hair. Your touch is so relaxing yet stimulating at the same time, transporting me to a place near Heaven with the skill of a traveling angel. Cupping my ass with both hands, your warm breath on my neck sets shivers running down my spine. 

"You're going to end up with a mouthful of shampoo you silly man," I giggle playfully while turning in your arms once again.

"Nah!" Your quick reply given with a light kiss on my forehead. "You do know that soft southern accent of yours drives me wild don't you?" The look in your eyes radiates the truth in your words, speaking volumes that only my soul can hear. Your hands begin their soapy journey down the front of my body as I rinse the shampoo from my hair. Little rivers of water escape to run over my shoulders and cascade down my breasts to my belly. It amazes me just how feather light your touch can be at times like this, waking but calming every nerve ending you cross. 

Sidestepping you, I relinquish the hot water while reaching for the conditioner. Turning back, I take a moment to admire the man that brings me so much pleasure in every way possible. With the conditioner worked into my hair, my hands are free to roam over your chest, shoulders and belly. I love the strength I can feel pulsing from your muscles through my fingertips, the strength that keeps me safe even when we are apart. Moving back around you, I steal the flow of water once again to rinse the conditioner out of my hair. "It's all yours baby," I whisper while placing a quick kiss on your waiting lips before quickly dancing out of your grasp and stepping out of the shower. The cool air instantly raises goose bumps that rush down my body, turning my nipples into rock hard gum drops. 

Wrapped in just my towel I walked out of the bathroom to turn on the radio, my hair towel dangling from my bare arm. Swaying to the beat of the music I get lost in it's rhythm as I quickly towel dry my hair, momentarily losing myself once again in our memories. Your arms suddenly wrapping around my waist startles me back to the here and now as both of my towels hit the floor.

"You are such a beautiful creature." Your voice carries that sexy huskiness that I find hard to resist. I know that there is no point arguing with you so I just turn and wrap my arms around your neck, happily accepting the toe-curling kiss waiting for me. "God, I love you so very much! You love me with an honesty and intensity that I have never felt before. I don't know what I did to deserve a woman like you or a love like yours but I am damn glad I did it." 

"I don't know any other way to love you sweetheart. But the fact that you return my love with the same honest intensity doesn't hurt." I cannot help but savor the comfort of your arms wrapped around me. This is what they mean when they say 'It just feels like home'. "Now why don't you go lay down for a lil while before the guys get here. I will get dressed and put dinner together while you rest. I will wake you when they start to show up."

"You're amazing!"

"Why?"

"I invite extra people at the last minute and you just take it in stride. For that matter you went he extra mile, got the fire pit ready to light, went to town just for beer and ice and I will bet you bought extra stuff for dinner"

"Why should I complain? You want to hang out with a few friends after work. I would rather you do it here than at some bar. So it means I cook a few more burgers, which is better than worrying about you on the road after dark when the deer are moving. Besides, we could use some company." Stepping on tiptoes, I planted a quick kiss on your lips. "Now, go power nap."

I waited for you to turn the fan on in the bedroom before turning the music up slightly knowing the fan would block the noise and you would be asleep shortly. Dropping my towel on the bathroom floor, I slipped into me crimson red bra and matching boy shorts before pulling on my cut-offs and top. Still adjusting my collar I turned to glance at my reflection in the mirror, the woman looking back at me looked comfortable and presentable enough to meet your co-workers. Bare feet along with my tousled red hair played bookends to what lay between. 

My cut-offs fit the way jeans are meant to hug a woman's curves, low on the hips and just short enough to cover the small firm cheeks of my ass. Two buttons and a tie at the bottom of my rib cage did little to hide my full breasts, the soft milky white flesh trying to escape from their red lace prison. The red and black plaid material contrasts nicely with the golden tan of my visible belly, the tie falling to just above my belly button. "Think I'll just go with the tousled look today," I tell my reflection while I gently finger comb my hair being careful not to straighten it. The tiniest amount of gel worked through it, a quick spritz of dragon's blood body spray and I am out the door.

Thirty minutes later and I was finished in the kitchen. Everything was ready to start frying burgers and feed everyone. Turning around to give the house a once over, I decided everything looked fine so I would go outside for a while. While pulling on my socks and knee-high soft leather yard boots, it dawned on me that I had forgotten places for everyone to sit around the pit. The warm afternoon breeze caressed my exposed skin as I walked out to the larger stumps near the burn pile knowing that they would work fine for a bunch of drinking buddies to sit on. Just as I set the last one in place four trucks turned off the road and proceeded down our driveway, parking in front of the house. Walking up just as Kyle stepped out of his truck; I greeted him with a familiar hug, nodded to the other people and excused myself to go get you.

"Darlin'?" My southern accent quietly whispered in your ear while my fingers lightly brushed along your temple, "Darlin', come on my sexy man, your friends are here." I manage to nip your earlobe before you pull me onto the bed with you as I squeal with surprise.

"I'm awake Beautiful." Your soft, tender kisses making my heart skip a beat. "I've been awake since your fingers touched my forehead."

"Then why didn't you answer me?"

"Wanted to see just what you would do." Chills raced along the trails made by your fingertips slipping up my thigh, sneaking under the bottom edge of my shorts, your lips seeking mine with a burning passion.

"Let me up you evil man. Your friends are waiting outside." I exclaimed pulling away from your embrace and receiving a sharp slap on the ass as I stepped away.

Pulling me back to you as you stood, my body instantly begins to melt into yours, the love radiating in your kiss makes my heart skip a beat. I do love the affect you have on me.

"Beer is outside iced down in the cooler and the bonfire is just waiting for you to light it." I breathlessly whispered into your shoulder as you held me close, so close I could feel the beat of your heart. "Go visit with the guys and I'm going to start some burgers for everyone." Gazing up into your blue eyes my voice leaves me while my heart screams 'I Love You!'

"I love you too Beautiful!" Sealed with one last tender kiss, "Oh, I picked out something I would love to see on you tonight if you don't mind. You will find it on the dresser." Turning my loose with a sly grin, you go outside to join the others. 

A warm smile played on my lips as I hear you greet the guys, it had been a long week and you really could use this, down time with friends, beer and good food. Looking down I realized that moving those stumps had left my clothes covered in dirt and bits of tree bark; I was going to have to change before I start to cook. Curiosity drew me to look at the outfit you had laid out for me. 'Really? He wants me to dress like this in front of his friends? Ok, so be it." Shrugging out of my clothes and dropping them on the floor, I stepped into the barely there white lace t-backs and matching half-cup bra before slipping into your chosen outfit. 

Once in the kitchen it dawned on me that I had forgotten about the music, but about that time, you turned on the little stereo I keep outside. The soft notes of country music drifting in from outside occupied my body while thoughts of us occupied my brain. Lucky for me the burgers were occupying my hands! Stepping out the door I never noticed that you guys had stopped talking and laughing, not until you asked me what I was doing. Your eyes roam appreciatively over the length of my body before finally meeting my gaze.

"Just going to pick a couple of tomatoes from the garden for dinner." I said grinning as I blew you a kiss before turning to walk off to the small garden spot, my boots crunching on the gravel in the driveway. Careful not to bend over too far, I selected a couple of nice firm tomatoes and headed back towards the house. When I got closer, you beckoned me to you, time to meet the guys.

"Baby," Stepping up behind me and wrapping your arms around my waist, you draw me into you. "This is Joe, Alan and Mark. You already know Kyle." Smiling at the sound of pride in your voice I just nod to the guys, that bashful streak appearing as I feel their eyes roaming over my body as it melts against yours. "You look so damn hot tonight!" You whisper hotly into my ear and I could not help but smile knowing the affect this outfit was having on you. 

Between the thin white cotton mid-riff top unbuttoned to reveal a little cleavage, the low-slung mid-thigh plaid school-girl skirt and my knee-high boots I knew I would get a reaction out of you and judging from the bulge pressing into my ass I was right. Spinning in your arms, I thank you with a kiss as your hands roam to cup my ass. "The guys like what they see too. I would almost bet that any one of them would fuck you in a heart beat given the chance." My face reddens instantly at your words, knowing that you had said it loud enough that everyone heard you. I also knew that they were watching us intently and if your hands moved up one more inch, they would get a clear view of the lower half of my ass cheeks. Squirming away, I quickly headed for the house, physically feeling the five pairs of eyes watching my every step.

"Dinner will be ready in 10 minutes." I called back over my shoulder as I disappeared through the door. Every nerve in my body was alive with electricity when I leaned against the table for support, willing my legs to get their strength back while your last words lingered in my mind. A small shadow of doubt creeped in from the dark recesses of my brain, 'Perhaps I had dressed a little too suggestively'. No, you would have said something rather than proudly introducing me. 'Stop it. No more doubt! He finds you irresistible, end of story!'

You and the guys moved back out to the bonfire after dinner, bellies full but not too full. After cleaning up the kitchen I walked out to join you only to have you guys go silent again and I could feel the blush creeping up under your intense gazes. Since there was only five stumps I had a choice, go back inside, stand around or sit in your lap. One look from you made the decision for me. The material of my skirt lightly caressing my thighs as I slowly walked over to you, sitting sideways in your lap. My favorite drink suddenly appeared in your hand, the next drink was a bit stronger and you were becoming a bit bolder just as the alcohol started to warm my brain.

Seconds before your hand slipped completely up my thigh pulling my skirt up with it, a song with a slow seductive beat began to play and we were on our feet. My hand in yours as you pull me into you, holding me close as we sway to the music, our bodies becoming one as your hand returns to my ass. A hot hungry kiss stole my breath, as I got lost in you, temporarily forgetting about the others as your hand slipped under the hem of my skirt raising the material and exposing my bare ass to your hand and the guys. 

Our tongues battled as your hardness pressed into my belly eliciting a soft, breathless moan from me. The touch of your hand sent an electric jolt of pleasure throughout my body. 'God, you smell so good.' The thought crossed my mind as I gently kissed your neck and felt your arms pull me closer in response. I am so glad your arms are tightly around me; your kiss was so deep and emotionally charged that my knees turned to Jell-O and I could feel the increasing moisture between my thighs.

"I want you so bad right now, Kat." The look in your eyes reflects the needs raging within you. "Hell, we all do!"

Blushing, I challenge you, "Bullshit!"

When the song ends, you lead me by the hand into the house with the guys following your lead. Sitting me beside you on the couch, my skirt rides high on my thighs. Joe sat on the other side of me while the other three sat across the room facing us, watching you intently as you steal my attention again. Blinding my senses with your hands and your kiss as your honest desire to have me flowed freely between us. As you begin placing light kisses on my neck I close my eyes, my head falling back to rest on the couch as I whisper, "Oh God. What are you doing to me Baby?"

"I'm making love to a gorgeous woman." The huskiness of your voice sent new waves of pleasure washing over my body. Another deep penetrating kiss distracts me from questioning you any further as hands gently pull my legs apart. Under your spell, my legs seem to fall open on their own revealing my freshly shaved pussy for everyone to see. Shock waves streaked across my senses when two fingers suddenly slipped into my soaking pussy. I am so lost in your kiss that at first I do not realize that it is not you caressing the soft inner folds, not at first. It's not until you break the kiss looking me re-assuringly in the eyes and tell me it's ok that I realize it's not you but my body is already on fire and unable to resist. 
