 I apologize for the long delay in finishing and posting the second part of Teapot's return. In advance, I offer an apology also for any typos or syntactical problems. I hope you enjoy it.

*****

Despite my relatively light load at the end of the semester, my course work still amounted to a massive time suck when combined with getting ready for the holidays and caretaker responsibilities. I imagine it did for Kim, too.

Finals came and shortly after the Christmas holiday, and virtually all Bayard students returned home. Kim and I exchanged texts. The communication was friendly, but it was clear to us both that hooking up again in the near-term wasn't likely. At one point, both of us were bored with our respective families and even did some sexting. I described how I wanted to lick her ass while she used a vibe on her pussy.

The holidays, including the New Year, passed without anything truly noteworthy having occurred. I spent time with my mother and her fiance. Although I kept mainly to myself, I do have a few friends in the MBA program and in the last weekend before classes resumed I agreed to join some of them for a Friday night of barhopping. It was close to midnight when I sidled up to the bar to buy a round, my turn. As I did, I felt a pair of hands come up behind me and cover my eyes.

"Guess who?"

I recognized the voice despite a half-hearted attempt on her part to disguise it.

"Kim?"

"Shit!" she yelled in mock disappointment.

We proceeded to catch up quickly. There wasn't much to say since our last text exchange. I broke off from my friends, after I delivered the round, so I could meet her roommates, Karen and Annie. Karen was on the volleyball team and, not surprisingly, very tall. Her skin was lightly tan, her hair blonde and her physique definitely athletic. Annie was much more introverted, very petite and a little mousy and bookish in appearance. They were a study in contrasts.

It was the ordinary conversation between people who just met - where are you from? What do you do for fun? Et cetera. After about 20 minutes, Annie and Karen said they were about to leave when Kim brought me over. They hated to be rude but both of them were tired and were going back to their apartment suite for the night.

Kim and I joined my friends, crawled to yet one more pub then we all called it a night, too. Kim was very handsy and flirty with me. My friends laughed about it, and I blushed but was secretly proud. Kim publicly stated my "hotness" and playfully refused to apologize to my bemused friends. More than once, my trouser snake awoke and slithered at Kim's command.

Quietly, at a little after 1 a.m., we sneaked into her room and shut the door. Kim was on me like a wolf on a bunny, pushing me against the wall, inserting her tongue in my mouth as we kissed and grabbed my cock and balls forcefully. She purred as she felt me stiffen through my pants and in her hand.

"I've been thinking about my cock and what you might be doing with it, bitch boi," Kim said. "Get naked and let me inspect it."

She rolled out the desk chair and pushed the bulb and shade of one of those ultra modern bendable lamps down to my crotch level. When I was completely naked, she pulled me over and examined my genitals under the light. Kim even held it up and turned it from side to side to look at it. Although I have never been one for the medical fetish, her taking ownership and inspecting like she did was a major turn on. By the time she finished, I was throbbing, almost visibly.

"Pull my toy box out from under the bed and bring it to me," she ordered. "Then, go get a warm, wet washcloth from the bathroom. When you come back, I want you to kneel and clean me with it. Understood, Trevorbitch?"

I answered in the affirmative and then obeyed. As she stood, I kneeled and cleaned her, taking special care with her asshole and crack. Kim was stoic as I carefully worked. Based on the earlier sexting, I had an idea where things were headed. She instructed me to open the toy box, and it was there I spied the Hitachi wand with its blunt, plastic head.

I smiled and said, "Perfect, Mistress, thank you." She turned her head and smiled back. "I look forward to worshipping every part of you."

"Good," she replied. "You may start in front."

Kim remained standing, and I kneeled before her and between her legs and looked up at her as I placed my mouth at her pussy, that wonderful delta of hair and sex. Slowly, I started breathing in the incense of her scent as I stared into her eyes. As I did, I witnessed her eyes gradually glaze with lust. Each worshipful breath seemed to arouse us both and transform us both. Was it my imagination or true that I saw her change from a woman into Woman? Was I deluded into thinking of myself as the instrument of her own pleasure, masculinity as supplicant and satisfier?

Her scent inflamed my desire, but I kept it focused on her. After a minute or two of breathing, I began licking, tasting her essence again on my tongue. God, I didn't understand how much I had missed it over the holidays! She was just as delicious as she had been in the late autumn. I nuzzled at her cleft and licked carefully, starting at the outside and ever so slowly going deeper, up and down.

"Oh, that's it," Kim whispered. "Such a good, little bitch. Such a good boy."

I flattened my tongue for broad, wet licks from the base to the top of her wonderful cunt. Her oils coated my lower face.

Suddenly, she pushed me away and looked down.

"Hand me the wand, boy."

I gave it to her.

"Get behind me and worship the rest of me, like you said."

I knee-walked to her rear as she powered up the wand and began working it slowly up her thighs and toward her pussy. Meanwhile, I began kissing and licking her ass cheeks, bathing them with my tongue and spit. What a lovely ass she had. I rubbed my face cheek against her butt cheeks and moaned as mentally I fell deeper into subspace, anticipating what was ahead. Licking ass is one of the highest (lowest?) forms of submission, forbidden by propriety and society. Doing it for a beautiful woman said I was putting her pleasure first and throwing those norms aside to do it. That's why I moved my tongue toward her ass crack and began licking her there, up and down.

With each stroke of my tongue I teased her asshole. Kim was working the wand on her pussy at a low speed and moaning. Her moans were punctuated by expressions like "Oh, God!" and "Yes, yes, keep licking you sick, little pervert."

I did. On maybe the 20th pass, I took the tip of my tongue and circled her anus, salty and slightly bitter but clean. Kim shivered and kicked the wand to a higher speed. I circled again, just a fraction of inch deeper. On my third dip, she exploded in orgasm, her legs jerked and I reached up to steady her as she flopped herself onto her bed. Mistress even shuddered again slightly in some sort of post-climax aftershock. I gathered myself and waited for her to do the same.

After a minute or two, I heard her chuckle.

"Wow, you really do like doing that. Look at your cock."

I didn't need to, but I did. It was almost purple with tumescence, and extremely erect.

"Do you want to impress me?" she asked.

"Always, Mistress," I said.

"Good, then let's see if you can make it go soft, deny yourself an orgasm tonight and still get to sleep next to me."

"That will be a challenge."

"Well, maybe you can rise to it," she giggled at the word play.

I stayed where I was and worked some math problems in my head. In my previous service to my first mistress, I memorized some for just this purpose. Kim got ready for bed as I did. When she returned from brushing her teeth, she said, "Wow, you did it." She sounded pleased and disappointed at the same time.

Kim pulled me into bed to spoon me. It took the better part of an hour, but eventually, thanks to more math and the earlier drinks, I managed to drift off.

Around 10 o'clock the next morning, I was cooking omelets for Kim and her roommates. I'd sneaked out an hour earlier to buy the ingredients from Sage's, the gourmet grocery several blocks away. The walk was refreshing.

I was humming quietly to myself as I finished up the prep work when I heard a loud knock on the door. The large white lummox at the door was about six foot three and 220 pounds of muscle, mostly muscle. He looked at me for the half-second it took to see I wasn't who he wanted and then bumped his way past me. 

"Karen!" He shouted. "Karen! Get the fuck out here."

Next, he stood in the middle of the common room with his arms crossed and breathing like a mad bull. I heard noises from Karen's room and after a minute she emerged, bleary eyed and wearing a red robe. 

"Jesus, Bobby," she mumbled.

"Are you fucking dumping me!?"

Karen was almost the same height as Bobby. Despite that, she appeared sheepish and intimidated.

Her reply was simple, "Yes, Bobby."

"No, you're not."

"Bobby, I'm tired of your bullshit. I'm tired of your stupid control issues and your fucking temper. Besides, we only went out a couple of months before break. Go find a cheerleader."

"Fuck you, Karen! I have never been dumped by anyone!"

"Well, Bobby, it's a new year," she bitterly retorted.

I would have used my marital arts training to block it, but I did not see the slap coming. Bobby laid a hard, open-handed one right across Karen's face.

Just as the slap landed though, I was able to sweep his legs from behind at his knee joints. Bobby landed with a satisfying thud, back first and then a lighter thud to the back of his head. It was just what I had instantly strategized: The wind was knocked out of him, and he immediately began gasping for air like someone having an asthma attack. Using the moment's opportunity, I was able to grab him by his jacket and pull him across the smooth floor to the door and into the hall. Karen stood there watching for a few seconds, gobsmacked by the quick pace of events.

By this time, Kim and Annie both were awake, too. Kim was wearing an oversized tee shirt that ended a few inches below her crotch. Half awake, they followed Karen into the hall as Bobby started to get his breath back. Kim was quick enough to film me standing over Bobby as Karen said, "Listen you piece of shit!! We are done. DONE! Trevor here will kick you ass if you try anything like that again. Oh, and I will help him. You know I can. If you stay away from me and us, no one on the team needs to hear about it. Right, girls?"

She looked at Kim and Annie as they nodded in agreement.

"But if you come back here, Mr. Black Belt here, will do that again and we will film it and put it on YouTube." His eyes got wide. Bobby looked whipped, something I learned later was not characteristic of him.

"Tell me you understand, stupid"

Bobby nodded, too.

"Good, come on," she said, gesturing to all of us to follow her in. We did and she quickly locked and bolted the door.

Kim and Annie beamed at her, and they high-fived each other. Karen then looked at me and said, "My hero" and enveloped me. In a huge hug, "You are awesome."

"No problem," I said with a smile. "That guy is a real asshole."

"Yes, he is," Karen said.

"Now, I am going to return to making all of us breakfast. I hope none of you are vegans?"

"Nope, all carnivores here," Kim joked.

As the roommates, talked, I worked. Each large omelette went onto a plate and was covered with foil to keep it warm. I overheard enough to learn Karen had texted Bobby she was breaking up with him last night. He hadn't wanted her to go out with her friends and it seemed the winter break at home and separation had given her some new clarity about the relationship. She dumped him.

I completed cooking the last omelette and heard Karen ask Kim, "Where did you find this guy?" Karen was looking at me in pleased amazement. "You say he's great in the sack, and apparently he's also Bruce Lee and a gourmet chef."

I laughed, "Hardly either."

Jokes flew and smiles as we sat down to eat the omelettes.

"Jesus, this is delicious, especially after all that drinking," Kim said.

"Oh, I almost forgot," I got up and poured each of them cups of coffee.

"Oh, sweet Jesus, this is good," Karen said as she took a sip. "I thought I was going to have a HORRIBLE morning and it's turning into one of the best."

The conversation moved into a discussion of the semester ahead, courses, possible spring break plans.

"Get me another cup, please, Trevor," Kim interjected.

I did, and as I returned, Karen remarked in an attempt to playfully needle my male ego, "Damn, he waits on you hand and foot. I know you are no pussy after what I saw with Bobby, but are you Kim's bitch or something?"

Although she said it with a quiet giggle, I looked her right in the eyes and said, "Yes, I am Kim's bitch."

Karen and Annie both laughed with incredulity, then Kim with all seriousness in her demeanor looked at both of them and said, "Trevor is my bitch. Want to see?"

Kim didn't wait for an answer. She said, "Trevor, get down on the floor and lick my feet and toes."

I immediately dropped on all fours and moved to obey. I couldn't see them as Kim's feet preoccupied me and the table partially blocked my view, but Kim later told me she had to stifle a laugh at their slackjawed wonder. She was proud of me.

I blushed in shame and excitement while my cock swelled to rock-hard stiffness. When Kim pulled back her chair, I followed and got a glimpse of Karen and Annie out of my peripheral vision. Karen seemed fascinated while Annie, mousy and petite Annie, seemed unsettled.

"Do you want to see more?"

Karen said 'yes' and Annie stayed silent.

"Trevor, go get the wand." I got up and walked to the room, retrieved it and handed it to her on my return to the common room.

"Trevor, take off all your clothes."

Without any showing off, I stripped and draped my clothes over my chair.

"Come here," Karen said. As she grabbed my cock, she held it up.

"Can you believe it?" They were mesmerized. "They call him Teapot because he's short with a big spout." Both of them laughed and it seemed to break some the tension.

I involuntarily moaned while she slowly stroked my dick with her hand.

Leaving her tee shirt on, Kim stood and powered up the wand, which I had recharged while we slept.

"Lick my ass, Trevor."

This time for an audience, we proceeded to re-enact last night's performance.

Karen said, "Oh, my God, I can't believe he's licking your ass! And he's hard. He's loving it. He really is your little bitch, isn't he?"

Kim nodded a yes and started working the wand over her quim. In less than a minute, she was audibly moaning. Karen asked her what it was like and Kim told her that once she orgasmed she would loan me to her.

I was licking long and loud, trying to make it look exciting.

"He's such a little perv," Kim said breathlessly. "Look at his cock. You love them seeing you, don't you, Trev?"

I mumbled an affirmative.

Kim's scents filled the air. In fairly short order, she came again, hard. This time it was Karen who reached out to steady her.

Everyone was still and quiet, except for Kim's panting.

"Come stand where I was," Kim instructed Karen, handing her the wand.

Karen slipped off her robe and stood. After some small kisses and licks to her cheeks, I slowly made my way to the crack of her ass. She was moaning the whole time.

Annie finally spoke, "I'm can't stand this. I'm leaving." Her words were tinged with disgust, but it was Kim, who had been watching her reactions, that guessed her underlying motive: Annie couldn't stand to see someone else please Karen. I'm not even sure Annie fully realized herself what she was feeling.

Kim turned around and pushed Annie back into her chair.

"You're not going anywhere yet, Annie."

"Stop it!" Annie protested. "You can't bully me."

Kim helped her up, much to Annie's surprise. She was positively shocked by what Kim did next, she guided her to Karen and pushed her to her knees. When Annie realized what Kim wanted her to do, she became as pliant as a rag doll. Karen had been so intent on feeling my tongue in her salty ass that she had never turned the wand back on or used it at all. Kim took the wand from her and pushed Annie's face right into Karen's trimmed but hairy cunt. With a moan, Annie started licking. She had been wanting to smell and eat Karen's pussy for months but had been too shy to make a play. Now with Bobby out of the way and Kim pushing her to do it, she was eager and able.

Together, our two mouths, front and back, drove Karen insane. Her ass had a different flavor and smell than Kim's, more salty than bitter, but it was the humiliating aspect of it that was erotic to me. My cock was dripping with precum. My hardness was made all the harder by the mutual moans and gasps of Karen and Annie both. Annie's came from a hunger being long satisfied. I knew what it was to revel in pussy, worship it, to smell its fertility and fecundity. Don't we all harken back to where we started, that dark, powerful crevice that shelters and grows life? It was a holy, carnal moment for all of us. In subspace, I was showing Karen that all parts of her womanly body are sacred and worthy of worship as I also worked to satisfy our shared, animal lusts. The scents of pussy and ass were filling the room like the haze of smoke from a fire. As I pulled away to catch my breath, I glanced to the side to see Kim fingering herself and watching. She winked at me,and I returned to my analingual task.

With both mouths working Karen to a peak, it wasn't long before she climaxed. Her orgasm was different, a cluster of three, at least by my count. She peaked, her legs jerking and she squirted a bit onto Annie's face, causing Annie to orgasm. She'd been diddling herself as she licked. It was the second orgasm, 30 seconds later, that was the most powerful. I felt her ass cheeks squeeze my face and chin in vise of flesh. Her legs seemed to lock up, and she pitched slightly forward but Annie and I managed to steady her. Still, Karen did not push us away so we resumed licking, giving her a stairstep orgasm downward, finally prompting her to push us away. Annie and I both were gasping for air. Karen collapsed into one of the dining table chairs seconds before Kim got herself off with a scream. It was Annie, her head resting in Karen's lap who started giggling first. Soon, all of us were smiling and laughing at ourselves.

Some postgame commentary followed, and about 10 minutes after Kim's orgasm, she got up and pulled Karen aside into a whispering conversation. They pulled Annie over into a conversation, which she didn't seem to like the conclusion of. After they broke their huddle, the three women pushed and pulled me toward Annie's bedroom. I hadn't yet seen its inside and was greeted by a four-poster bed. Giggling, Karen and Kim pushed me on to the bed and proceeded tie me to it spread eagle.

"You don't need to do this," I objected in full voice.

"After all that, and no orgasm since before we met last night, I can't imagine you holding out," Kim said. "I know men."

Karen nodded in smiling agreement.

Kim said, "Karen and I are going to go shopping, and Annie here is going to watch you. Aren't you, Annie?"

"Yes," Annie droned back with no enthusiasm at all.

A few minutes later, we heard Karen and Kim dressing then conversing as they exited the apartment.

I was watching Annie, and at first, Annie was watching anybody but me. She stared off into space, out the window and at her feet. Finally, I broke the silence.

"Where do you think they're going, Annie?"

"I don't know," she said sullenly. "Maybe to that sex toy store."

"For what?"

"Who knows," she replied with a sigh.

"Are you OK?"

Annie said, "I don't know. I guess. That was all so weird. I don't know why I let myself get caught up in it."
