 Val was teasing me. It took far too long to figure that out.

She had invited me down to their apartment for dinner and some drinks. Valerie and Dan were a handsome couple and I have to admit to often admiring her from a distance. They were happily partnered and my single self was often a bit jealous of their closeness. But that couldn't stop me from admiring her energy and her positive attitude. And quite frankly, her figure that could put a fitness model to shame.

Dan always seemed to enjoy her outgoing nature and never showed any jealousy when she was talking to me, their upstairs neighbor. She would come up and have some coffee, sometimes invite me down for a meal or a drink on the weekends.

We were pretty comfortable with each other and she would never miss an opportunity to have fun at my expense when she saw me bring a lady friend home for the evening. Tonight was different.

She was joking about the last weekend when I had a particularly loud guest to bed. Val mimicked her groans and moans quite accurately, then had a good laugh when I turned red as a lobster.

But that wasn't the teasing that caught my attention. It was her dress, a light summer number that accented all the right things. Or rather, the way her dress fell away when she leaned over to hand me a plate of food. Then later seated on the couch, when she leaned far over to offer me a drink. 

The first time could have been an accident, the second time I caught a clear glimpse of a nipple, red and full and something I would remember for many evenings to come as I went to bed. I glanced up and she was paused in the moment, watching me closely, her eyes dancing, giving the slightest hint of a smile. A Cheshire Cat smile if ever there was one.

She knew what she was doing. She was teasing me. What was she up to? Dan was right there with us. He couldn't be oblivious, he was simply enjoying the evening; talking and laughing, comfortable as always, being physically affectionate with her as she got a little tipsy. 

Perhaps this was some not-so-innocent foreplay between them. Enjoying the idea of her attractiveness affecting another man. I had a girlfriend once who was white-hot aroused when we would go to a club and she would dance and flirt with other girls, sometimes asking which ones I thought were attractive and then targeting them for her attentions. Later she would drag me home and fuck my brains out, whispering all the naughty things that went through her mind about what we might do with the other girl. 

Was Val doing something like that with me? Maybe later she would take Dan to bed and they would whisper about what they might do with me. That thought sent an electric shock right to my cock, responding in predicable fashion by swelling uncomfortably in my slacks. It was impossible not to shift slightly, something they both noticed. I was not sure where this was going, if I was mis-reading the situation and I certainly never wanted to be uncomfortable with them. I had downed a few drinks already; maybe it was time to go.

That thought disappeared when she suggested we watch a movie. She refiled our drinks and directed Dan to the couch opposite me, planting herself squarely between us. I breathed in her perfume, light and sensual. 

"I know just what to watch," she said as she maneuvered the remote. She must have as she was wearing that smile again. I tried to focus on the screen, not on the dress that was falling away ever so slightly away from her breast. Or her perfume. Or the body heat I now felt, her hip pushing against mine. The drinks had me loosened up and I tried to relax into the couch, thinking about the relief I would need later. 

Then the movie started. It was a drama, but not an innocent one. It was a slightly scandalous movie, recently released and causing a stir due to the highly sexual nature of the story. It opened with an intense sex scene between two women. We watched as one girl brought the other to a screaming orgasm.

"Doesn't that look nice," she said as she wiggled slightly on the couch.

"Very," Dan agreed.

She addressed me. "Clearly you have some talents in that area."

Her tone was light but she was watching me, gauging my response. 

I looked at them both and unconsciously must have made a decision. Maybe I had made it earlier and didn't realize it. I turned slightly towards her.

"Giving a woman an orgasm is one of the greatest pleasures of life," I said. "It's so beautiful when a girl cums. I love it."

"I knew it," she purred. Her hand touched my leg. "Can I tell you something? Something personal between us?"

I swallowed and nodded. It felt very much like a threshold moment.

"Sometimes we listen. When you have a lady over. We listen and we fuck." Her eyes were dilated and she was breathing deep. "He likes to cum when she does. And I like to cum when you do."

My vision dimmed. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. 

She kissed my cheek, got up and held out her hand. "Would you like to see where that happens?"

I looked to Dan. He was smiling, his eyes slightly glassy and darting down towards my cock. He nodded.

I took her hand. She smiled and led me into the bedroom, with each step her hips rolling in invitation. Their large bedroom was dark but I could make out their 4-post bed with dark grey satin sheets, looking incredibly inviting.

She turned, folded into me and looked up for a kiss. I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her. Her mouth opened and I felt her tongue against my lips, seeking entry. I let her in and our tongues danced together as she ground her hip against my cock. 

My mouth went towards her neck and ears, my hands finally roaming over her body. It was everything I had imagined it to be, fit and hard in all the right places, soft and pliant on all of her curves. 

I never heard Dan come in but suddenly he was behind her, kissing and licking the back of her neck. She moaned approval. His hands caressed her back, then moved to her shoulders, grabbing the straps of her dress. He pulled it sharply down to her waist, exposing her breasts and taking her breath away.

I couldn't keep my attention off of her breasts. Now that they were out and open to me, I kissed and licked my way to them, holding them, nursing gently, feeling her large, red nipples harden as my hand moved to lightly caress her mound through the dress. She nearly lost her balance and I needed to hold her steady as she gave herself to the moment, her head lolling back to Dan's shoulder.

"Nice?" he breathed in her ear. 

"Oh God yes," she whispered. "I need something."

She fell to her knees before me, her hands pulling at my pants like a hungry animal. In a moment she had them down, exposing my hard cock, the tip shining with pre-cum. 

She gave a low sound, whispering "I knew it would be big."

She looked into my eyes and pulled my cock into her mouth. The sudden pleasure was incredible and I couldn't suppress a long moan. After a moment to adjust to my size, she grabbed my hips, pulling me forward, taking the entire length down her throat. It was my turn to nearly fall as she began to suck me in earnest. 

She stopped, pushed me back onto the bed and began stripping off my clothes. In moments I was naked and she went back to sucking me, now deliberately taking her time, licking and sucking in turns, not letting me get too close to an orgasm. She was very, very good. 

After a moment she came up and kissed me deeply, her tongue pushing into my mouth. I caught the light, sweet taste of my pre-cum on her tongue and she pulled back for a moment, her voice low with raw lust.

"Like the taste?" she panted. "You want more?"

To answer, I pulled her back for another deep kiss. Then she returned her attention to my cock. 

The sound of a match strike caught my attention and I opened my eyes to see Dan lighting candles around the bedroom. It cast a soft, warm glow, the flickering making dancing shadows on our skin. 

Including Dan's naked form. 

I had always thought women's bodies were beautiful and men's bodies more utilitarian. I had never looked with desire on another man. 

But Dan was toned and fit; his muscles moving with a grace I had not noticed before. He was hard and sticking straight out; I could not help but look at his shaved cock, nicely large with a big, bulbous pink head. Truthfully he was quite handsome naked. 

Val looked up and noticed where my eyes were. She waved Dan over so he stood beside the bed, his cock within her reach. 

She began to alternate between us, sucking one while stroking the other. She never rushed, always changing her technique moment to moment. She wasn't just good, she was an artist.

In the candlelight I could see Dan's cock swelling and pulsing, shiny and slick with her saliva. She would lick the length and then concentrate on the head, milking him. Then she would return to me, sharing her attentions. 

Then she pushed me back and moved over me. Her dress still bunched around her hips, I only had a glimpse of her clean-shaven pussy before she held my cock up and impaled herself on it, two quick strokes burying it completely into her soaking wet pussy. She was so tight inside, it felt like warm, silky glove enveloping my cock.

"Oooh fuck it's big..." she breathed as she began to ride me and moved to suck him. She pleasured us both for only a moment before her hips began to spasm and buck and she came, falling forwards as she ground herself against me, calling out as she rode the orgasm.

She was still cumming as she planted her mouth on mine, her lips messy and wet from sucking us, pushing her tongue into my mouth. In the passion of the moment it took a second before I realized she tasted of his cock, of his sweet pre-cum. I was tasting him on her tongue. 

She broke the kiss and looked me deep in the eye.

"Yeah? That ok?" 

This was so far outside anything I had ever done, but somehow felt good and right to be sharing this moment with these two beautiful people. They had invited me to join them in the most private, loving space of their lives. I felt so close to them. I could only nod.

"Yeah," she said. "We're going to take good care of you."

She then rode me hard, her face only an inch from mine, our eyes locked. She pulled Dan to her and so closer to me. She sucked him, her mouth and his cock only an inch from my face. I could feel the heat from his skin as I watched his cock swell; he was getting so close. 

She kissed me, again pushing her tongue inside my mouth. Again I could taste him on her. She moved back and forth to him, then to me. She put my hand on his thigh; I could feel the hard muscles beneath his skin.

By now I was eagerly kissing back, completely lost in the heat of lust. She inched him closer until his cock was beside my mouth. She could now lick his cock and my lips with the same motion. I realized she was bringing his cock to my mouth. She leaned down to my ear.

"Let it happen," she whispered. "It's ok. Don't hold back."

She held the back of my head and guided Dan's cock into my mouth. My lips wrapped around it and without thinking my tongue explored the slick, salty head. 

"That's it baby," she panted as she ground her pussy on me. "That's it. Suck it. Suck it. Just like that. Oh fuck yesssss..."

She screamed loud as she came again. I was having an out of body experience, having a cock in my mouth, Val cumming on me and my body being taken to one of the most powerful orgasms of my life. I could feel the cum rising and the contractions starting deep inside me. Her body was welcoming it, pulling it out of me in the most intense orgasmic feeling I've ever experienced.

That's when Dan came. 

As I came into Val's tight, convulsing pussy, Dan's cock started filling my mouth with his cum. Spurt after spurt of my cum filled her as his filled my mouth. It was warm, bitter and salty. There was a lot of it.

"Swallow! Oh God, swallow it baby, drink it down," she cried. 

I reflexively did, feeling his warm cum slide down my throat for the first time. She couldn't wait and pulled his cock away, her tongue pushing into my mouth. She needed to taste it from me. I fed her the cum left in my mouth as he stroked himself to a finish, shooting the last of his load onto our faces and hair as we were locked in the kiss.

Finally we started coming down from the peak. She licked the cum from my face and rode me until she was sure I was completely done.

She rolled off of me, giggling. "Holy shit," she gasped. "That was beyond amazing." 

I couldn't move yet. Dan nearly collapsed on the bed. She looked at him with a gleam in her eye.

"Oh no, you're not done yet," she told him. She grabbed him by the hair and pulled him towards her clean-shaven pussy, dripping with my cum and hers, all mixed together. "You've cum thinking about this so many times. Haven't you? Now do it."

She pulled his mouth to her messy, wet pussy. I watched as he began to lick her, lapping up our mixed cum. 

"Mmm, that's it. Be a good boy and clean me up." She pulled him up for a moment. "You like that?"

He had to swallow before answering, "God yes. I love it."

She kissed him deeply for a long taste, then pushed him back down. "Yeah, you do. You dirty little slut. Lick it. Lick it all up. Don't miss a drop of his cum."

Dan settled in to lick her pussy, paying attention to every inch of her, then focusing on her sensitive clit with a feathery light touch of his tongue. He pushed two, then three fingers inside of her, sliding them in and out with a slow, languid fucking motion.

He was gentle and patient, taking his time with her until she came again, more cum gushing out from her. She sighed in satisfaction as he swallowed his reward. She beckoned me to lie next to her.

"Come here, baby. You need some too."

With that she pulled him by the hair towards my cock, still a little hard and wet with our cum. 

"That's right. Clean him all up."

I watched in amazement as Dan started to lick the cum off my cock and balls. He slathered my cock with his tongue, then pulled it into his mouth, hungrily sucking all the cum off of me. I'd never had a boy lick me before. It felt incredible; he knew exactly what to do.

"He's a little cum slut. He can't get enough. I think you should feed him more."

She pushed me back and kissed me; not the deep, needy kisses but lighter, more loving ones as her partner sucked my growing cock. Dan wrapped his hand around my cock and started milking as he sucked it. I could see his cock growing as he sucked me and soon I was completely hard again as Dan pulled his mouth off of me.

"It's her turn now," he said.

She only smiled as she let him take charge. He tore the dress off of her, placing her on all fours in the middle of the bed. He motioned me behind her as he placed his cock against her lips, pushing into her mouth. 

She moaned around his cock as I entered her, slowly sliding my shaft into her, then grabbing her hips to begin fucking her. Hard. I wanted her to feel it, to be taken by these two men who wanted her.

Dan keyed in on my motions and started fucking her throat. This time we were taking her, spit-roasting her body for our pleasure. After a time we traded places and he rammed his big cock into her while I fucked her mouth. 

Dan and I traded back and forth with her. I watched her beautiful body taking it, listened to the small moans she made around our cocks. I knew each time we entered her amazing mouth she was tasting the fresh juices from her own pussy. I stroked her soft hair, watched the muscles of his strong body move as he pumped her. It was so hot, so erotic, I was going to cum again soon. I asked where she wanted it.

"In her mouth," Dan panted. "Fucking cum in her mouth."

She was more than happy to help. Her breathing told us she was hurtling towards her own orgasm. Her hand wrapped around my shaft and started stroking me fast. Dan watched fascinated as his wife brought me to the brink, and then over, crying out and pumping my cum into her mouth. She took it all, spurt after hot spurt out of me into her mouth.

Dan flipped her over, quickly moved up and with one motion was back inside her, pumping her towards his orgasm. She grabbed his head and kissed him; I could see their tongues working as she shared my cum with him. I stroked their skin and kissed her shoulder as he came hard into her, setting off her orgasm. It felt like we were all sharing that moment of bliss between them as they came, her legs wrapping around him, her hips bucking, wanting and welcoming his load deep into her.

We stayed there for a while, our breathing coming down, gently stroking and caressing each other until Dan had drifted off. I kissed Val's cheek and moved to leave but she grabbed me.

"Go get some rest," she said softly. "We're not done with you."

She smiled and let me go, her eyes closing. I watched until her breathing became soft and even, then left the bed and began to quietly pick up my clothes scatted about the room. 

Before I left I took a last look at them in each other's arms, sleeping peacefully. They were beautiful together. I blew out the candles and left them there, staggering towards home and wondering what tomorrow might bring.