 Kenneth never realized how dark they were. How...undeniably sexy they were. He would be the first to admit that he's never had a fantasy about another guy - not even in college - but there was something sinister about Braden. And the thought of the two of them fucking Amber made him as hard as a steel rod.

Another moan was elicited from inside the room and a shiver went down Kenneth's spine. Suddenly all noise stopped. The squeaking of the bed springs. The heavy breathing. The soft sound of skin against skin. It all stopped.

Kenneth then heard Braden's voice. "Oh Kenny, voyeurism is beneath you."

A thought flitted through his mind to bolt, but he knew it was too late. He took a deep breath (both physically and mentally) and opened the door the rest of the way. He immediately heard the bed springs squeaking again.

They were both naked and Kenneth took notice of the thin layer of sweat on their bodies. Braden was behind Amber's lean body that was on all fours on the bed, both of them facing Kenneth. They didn't bother to stop their movements despite the fact his eyes were glued to them. More specifically, where their bodies were connected. 

Braden was thrusting quick and deep into Amber, making him slick with her juices. His thick shaft was pounding hard into her, stretching her tight pussy. He noticed Kenneth was watching and slowly pulled out, letting Amber's juices squirt out onto his body and the sheets beneath them.

Oh dear God, she's a squirted.

Braden gripped his hard member and let the head of his cock rub against Amber's clit. Her moans echoed in Kenneth's ears.

Suddenly Braden grabbed a handful of Amber's hair and pulled her upright on her knees and slammed her down on his cock. This way Kenneth could perfectly see her wet pussy sliding up and down his shaft at a quickened pace. 

"Oohh...Kenny..." Amber opened her eyes and smirked at Kenneth, playing along with Braden's game. 

She slowly ran her hands over Braden's, which were now covering her breasts, flicking her hardened nipples with his thumbs every now and then. She then ran her fingers through her curly dark hair before outstretching her arm and motioning for Kenneth to come to her.

Without thinking, Kenneth, fully clothed, climbed onto the bed in front of them. Braden, still moving his hips, moved Amber's damp hair off her neck and began sucking on the soft skin there. He moved his hands to her hips to give Kenneth access to the rest of her voluptuous body.

He looked into Amber's eyes before bending his head down to suck on her pink nipple. He sucked and flicked his tongue around and around, making her moan and tug on his sandy blonde hair.

He released her breast with a soft pop! and she just kept on moving, her tits jumping up and down in his face. 

"Mmmm..." Amber squeezed her breasts together, and then let them bounce back to where they belonged. She grabbed the hem of Kenneth's shirt and pulled it over his head, then started on his belt as Braden kept up his thrusts at a fast pace into her. She yanked his bottoms down.

"Oooh..." She moaned and Kenneth shivered as her warm breath flowed over the tip of his cock.

Amber wrapped her hand around his dick and started pumping up and down, up and down, over and over again until he began to rock his hips back and forth with her movements. Then she stopped.

He opened his eyes to protest but stopped short when he realized why exactly she had stopped. Her face was twisted in pleasure and her body was tightening.

"FUCK, YES!" She screamed as she came all over Braden's cock. Kenneth shivered at the same time Braden's body convulsed as he spilled his hot cum into Amber.

Braden pulled out and lay back on the pillows, and Amber did the same, but instead of lying flat, her legs were spread and her knees up, her fingers between her thighs. 

"Well?" Braden's deep voice made Kenneth jump. He ripped his eyes from Amber's dripping pussy and looked at Braden.

"Are you going to eat her out or just stare at it?" Braden said with a sideways smirk.

Shivering, Kenneth got on the bed and put his face between Amber's legs. He was shaking, though he couldn't understand why. It wasn't as though he never licked at a girl's pussy before...

Before he could second-guess himself, he slid his tongue up her dripping lips, making her jump slightly. He nuzzled her swollen clit and she moaned, making his cock twitch a little. He took the sensitive nub between his lips and sucked hard, then flicked the tip of his tongue against it again and again.

"Ah, shit, Kenny!" He looked up at her without removing his mouth from her, and saw she was biting her lip and looking down at him too. He wiggled his tongue deep inside her, tasting her and Braden, amazed at how tight she was inside. He grazed the tip of his tongue up her frontal wall until he found the little bundle of nerves that was her g-spot. He flicked it, rubbed it, lapped at it, until she was writhing underneath him. He put just enough pressure on it, and she suddenly squirted, her juices gushing out onto his lips, tongue, and chin.

She mumbled something and he lifted his head. "What was that?"

She opened her eyes and with the most serious, yet needy look on her face, she repeated, "Get. Up. Here."

He obeyed, faintly aware that Braden was still watching them. He slid into her in one rough thrust, and they both cried out - her from the thickness of his cock, him from the tightening and slickness of her pussy.

He began thrusting into her again and again, his fingertips gripping her hips tightly. Braden leaned over and began to nip and suck at Amber's breasts, making her gasp and arch her back. Kenneth growled as he thrusted into her repeatedly, grinding his teeth together in an effort not to make a sound or worse - cum.

Wait...

He slowed his thrusts, eliciting a whimper from Amber and a smirk from Braden, who was kneading her tits with his hands.

Was he about to have his first threesome?

END OF PART 1.