 Teaser is a small walled and gated private community like so many others scattered in and around all large cities. The difference lies in the fact that no one's house has blinds and no one draws the curtains. It started as a nudist community but over the years voyeurs and exhibitionist have moved in and more than a few swingers. 

That's not to say that you would see an orgy on someone's front lawn if you drove through. People tend to keep the decorum here as much as anywhere else except for the open drapes and the clothing optional rules. Both of which make for some mighty fine scenery. 

Looking over a back fence might give you a surprise or two. I know it did for me. I was mowing my back lawn one Saturday morning when a curvaceous blonde popped up in the air over my neighbor's fence. When she kept on popping up, I got curious and went to see what was going on.

I generally respect my neighbor's privacy fence as just that; something for privacy but this young lady wasn't my neighbor's wife and someone that I had never seen before. She also rated a closer more concentrated look believe me. Okay, so I was being nosy and a dirty old man, I have the right at my age.

The blonde was on a trampoline and was poetry in motion. My eyes followed her up and down, from head to toes, covering the whole bare expanse in between. It was quite a spectacular view as she bounced and threw her arms and legs this way and that. My old fellow was starting to raise his head in very short order.

As I watched the blonde, things at the edge of my vision started to draw my attention. There were a dozen people scattered in and around the pool and most were busy in one way or another. My neighbor Bob was sitting on the side of the pool getting a blowjob from the cute little redhead that lived across the street. His wife Linda was on a chaise lounge getting fucked hard by a darkly tanned guy that I didn't know.

A dark headed lady from down the street was on her knees, straddling the redhead's husband. His dick was making a wet squishy sound as it moved in and out of the lady bouncing up and down on it. She had her lips wrapped around the thick dark shaft of another neighbor, whose name was Bill. From the way Bill's hips were flexing back and forth, he sure seemed to be enjoying it.

Bill's wife, a tall slender black woman, was sitting on the edge of the pool with a blonde female head buried between her wide spread legs. The blonde had short hair and looked like Connie from the next block down. All I could see was the back of her head and her upturned ass. I wished I were behind her just about now as my dick was rock hard and throbbing.

A tall slender man was sitting on a lawn chair watching the dark headed lady and slowly stroking his long thin cock. A short blonde lady was standing behind him, her eyes going from the threesome on the ground to the hand of the man in front of her. She had a nipple in each hand, pulling and twisting each one, a look of lust and pleasure mixed on her face.

I wasn't sure where to look first or for how long, I was afraid of missing something. I knew there were swapping parties in our little community but I was one of the few single guys here and hadn't ever been invited to one. Anyway, I'm a little on the old side to be considered a hunk or a stud. I have a girlfriend or two scattered around but none here. None of which have I ever brought home with me.

I work out of town a lot and only know a few of the neighbors by name, although I know most of them by sight. That's one good thing about a nude community; you get to see a lot more of your neighbors than just their clothes or car. There are no young children allowed in this community so the average age tends to be younger. That is except for the older retired folks and a few older working people like me.

The blonde on the trampoline had stopped bouncing and was waving at me. I waved back. "Why don't you come join us?" She said loud enough for me to hear.

"Oh, hey Chuck." Bob called out. "I heard you cutting the lawn." He didn't moved and the redhead didn't stopped what she was doing, although her eyes did shift to look my way. 

"Yeah, I was but I got distracted by a flying nude blonde." I told him.

He chuckled and nodded. "Yeah, Carol has a tendency to be distracting, especially when she's naked."

Carol bounced on the trampoline a couple of time and then pulled up her legs and landed on her pretty round ass. She bounced back up spreading her legs wide apart, a wide grin on her face. "I like being distracting. It makes me the center of attention."

"I can understand that." I said and tried to keep from drooling.

"That's right, you haven't met my oldest daughter, have you." Bob said.

"Uh, no." Was my witty reply, as I tried to get my eyes back in my head and off his daughter.

"Don't mind him." Linda said from the chaise lounge. She was now sitting on the end of it, the tan guy was kneeling between her wide spread legs. "Bob likes to throw that in just to see how people react." 

"He got my attention." I said more to myself than anyone.

Linda leaned back to rest her weight on her hands, the guy's head moving in a very suggestive way. She made a soft moaning sound and then murmured; "She's just as big a slut as her mother so don't let him or her fool you."

Carol was now sitting on the edge of the trampoline facing me, her legs wide apart, and leaning back on her arms. "Mother, that is not true. You have worlds more experience at it that me." She said in a catty voice.

True or not I didn't know but from the way Carol was displaying her sex to me, I had my ideas. When she brought her feet up and placed them on the edge of the trampoline, they were more than shoulder width apart. This rolled her hips up showing me not only her sex but also all the way back to the darker pink circle of her anus.

I couldn't help but to lick my lips, which brought a big grin to Carol's face. "Daddy, I think he wants to eat my little pussy." 

"Then go sit on his face if you want, I'm kind of busy at the moment." Bob replied and then groaned loudly. The little redhead was working his bone over with a vengeance, her head bobbing, and twisting.

"Do you want to come over and play with me? I've got a nice juicy little snatch... I mean snack for you." Carol asked in a little girl like voice.

"I'd take her up on it if I was you. She has the sweetest taste and juicy ain't the word for it." Linda said breathily, her fingers tangled tightly in the guy's hair.

"Thanks Mom for the glowing endorsement." Carol said sarcastically. "Now he knows that you've had your head between my legs."

"Well, yours came out from between mine, so we're even." Linda replied, sticking her tongue out at her daughter.

"All these damned tongues and no one is eating my pussy." Carol said, looking straight at me. "There's a side gate over there." She added, pointing to her left.

I didn't need directions or a second invitation. Daughter of my neighbor or not, I was ready to chance it.

*****

As I came through the gate, Carol eyed me up and down, and then said, "Damn Chuck, if I had known you were so well equipped, I would have been over playing at your house instead of over at my girlfriends."

I'm old but I keep myself in shape. I work in the oil field, which is physical labor for the most part and I have a pretty good home gym set up. "I'm not home very much so it's kind of hard to meet people." I told her as I walked over to stand in front of her. 

"I'm not home much either, I go to collage and only pop in every so often." Her eyes dropped to my hard manhood. "Although I'm going to have to make a few more trips home than normal, from now on."

"I'll have to get your number so I can let you know when I'm going to be home."

Her hand came up and she took a hold of my head. As she pulled my head down and forward, toward her inviting sex she whispered, "I think you'll find my number right down here, just use your tongue to do the dialing."

The trampoline was high enough that I could lean on my arms and bend at the waist to reach her sweet treat, comfortably. My hands fit nicely on the sides of her butt as I got down to business. Her sex was small and oval shaped without any hair on its smooth surface. 

I took a deep breath through my nose. Her aroma was sweet and earthy at the same time, the smell of a woman in heat. As the tip of my tongue traced the outline of her plump outer lips, she moaned softly and spread her knees wider. Her taste was much the same as her smell.

I brushed my tongue along the sides of the folds of her inner lips that were sticking out. She rolled her hips up and pulled on my head insistently. I knew what she wanted but I continued to tease the edges of the folds and to take long slow licks over the outer lips and her mound. 

I was teasing her on purpose, to see how much she would take before she tried to force my head to the center of her sex. It wasn't long before she pulled at my head harder. I resisted a moment longer and then let her guide my tongue to her hot liquid center. 

When I stabbed my tongue inside, she hissed and wiggled closer to the edge. I ran my tongue in and out and swirled it around at the same time. Carol whimpered softly and whispered, "Oh yeah, you've got the touch alright."

When I dipped my tongue lower and teased her tight little asshole, she gasped loudly and lifted her hips. I alternated between her sweet pussy and her tangy asshole. She would whimper and jerk from time to time, as her breathing got faster and shallower. I wasn't sure if she was having small orgasms or building toward a large one.

Carol's hands had been stroking my head but now they were on her nipples and breasts. She would caress them softly, then pinch, and pull on her hard nipples. Her hips were hunching up and down slowly and pausing to quiver ever so often as she rocked back and forth.

Linda's voice next to me, made me jump as she said, "Be careful playing with her sweet little asshole or you'll have to fuck it."

What a terrible thought that was, crossed my mind sarcastically but I kept my mouth and tongue busy where they were. Carol moaned loudly and said, "Mom go fuck the gardener some more or something. Chuck is doing an excellent job of eating me and teasing me." She moaned again and then added, "But you're right, he is going to have to fuck my ass. His tongue just ain't nearly enough to satisfy me there."

Linda laughed and then I felt cool fingers wrapping around my hot dick. "Baby girl, this thing is going to hurt you so good if you stick it in that hot little box of yours but I don't think it'll fit in your ass."

Carol moaned even louder and rocked faster. She was on the very edge of coming. I raised my head, planted my lips around her clit, and sucked. When I flicked that hard little bud with the tip of my tongue, Carol yelled and grabbed my head. She was pulling my head tighter to her sex as she rocked through one huge orgasm.

I heard Linda laugh and say, "There she blows or rather comes. Old dogs bite so deliciously, don't they girl."

A moment later, a hot wet mouth swallowed my hard dick to the base. Now it was my turn to jerk and moan. I assumed it was Linda, as I couldn't see because of Carol's thighs clamped around my head. Whoever it was sure knew a thing or three about blowjobs. My legs were trembling in a few minutes.

About the time Carol relaxed enough to release my head, my own orgasm blossomed in a long hard spray. There was a moaning groan from under the trampoline that sounded a lot like Linda. I was literally hanging onto Carol and the frame of the trampoline to keep from falling to my knees.

A moment later, Linda's head appeared next to mine and she licked her lips. "Don't worry little daughter, I solved the problem for a little while."

I heard Carol moan in frustration but she was to winded to say anything. As for me, I needed a nap or at least somewhere to lay or sit down. A moment later, Linda tapped me on the shoulder and indicated a folding metal chair she had brought from somewhere. With a nod of thanks, I sat down.

Linda looked at her daughter sprawled out on the trampoline for a minute and then looked down at me. She smiled broadly and said, "From the looks of her, you might be a mean asset to our little group. We have twice as many ladies as we do men and we tend to wear them out quickly."

"I'm worn out already." I managed to whisper between ragged breaths.

"Oh don't worry, we'll get you in shape in no time at all." Linda said with a grin.

"Don't believe a word she says." I heard Bob say from over by the pool. I looked around to see him laid out on the ground, the little redhead still nursing on his softening dick. "They're out to kill us. That's what they're doing."

"And you love every minute of it." Linda said loudly. To which, Bob laughed and nodded vigorously.

*****

So went my induction into the Elm Street Sluts Association or the ESSA for short. I'm still alive but only barely at times, but my sex life is one hundred percent better. I never sleep alone when I'm home and when Carol and her older sister Lisa are home together, I never get to sleep, period.

Both girls like to get ass fucked while they sixty-nine each other. Who am I to complain? I just pick the one on top and go from there. But that's a whole other story.