 I woke up to hands roaming my body some time around nine. My cock was very much awake already and also quite stiff from the attention paid to it as well as the rest of me. I soon realized that there were many sets of hands, all of them caressing my flesh, and once I looked at their owners, they knew that I was quite awake from their efforts. The sunlight was very bright coming through the window blinds that morning, and so I couldn't focus on their faces for the glare. Plus, I only had about six hours of sleep, max, the night before ... still far from enough. I really needed to catch up on my rest.

"Sorry to wake you, honey, but we figured that you'd want to take care of a few things before work. You don't mind keeping your word to David, do you? He's waiting for you in the master bathroom shower, with his ass quite ready for your cock to take it," Lisa winked at me to encourage my lust for her brother ... for whatever reason, it was a serious turn-on for my wife to think of me sodomizing David.

"Don't worry about work, honey. You're the boss, after all, and the girls are happily minding shop while training Jonathan for his new duties as 'Joanna.' You needed the rest, baby, and can always make up the difference later. Just please take your shower and that fine booty that my brother is eager to surrender to you," Lisa added as I fumbled, half-asleep, to the shower.

"What about the kids?" I wondered as I opened the shower door to find that David was indeed there under the jets as they warmed up.

"At school already, dear. Now, now, don't feel all guilty. You've just set up a wonderful future for the girls with Arlen's help and you can be there for the girls to pick them up from school if you wish it. I refuse to listen to you feel shame over catching up on your sleep. You give, give, and give again. How many times have you attended Danielle's volleyball practice or Stacey's concerts? I lost count, personally. Killing yourself by pushing yourself too far is no way to be a good father, I promise you," Lisa reassured me as she cupped my cheeks on the way into the shower.

I was barely under the shower jets when I felt David's hands cover me with the puff as he washed me off, and then I found myself cleaning him in return. This took less time than expected, but then we were both men, so, yeah ... Before too long, David was bent over with his cheeks spread for my dick, which took only a little lube under the hot water to enter his butt with relative ease ... though I went slowly, an inch at a time, until I had indeed bottomed out inside his asshole. I just began reaming my brother-in-law anally in earnest when I felt soft, female hands on my tush and hot breath on the back of my neck.

"Oh, damn ... I've wanted to see this for so damn long! That's so ... fucking sexy, hon! You and him, your cock plowing his ass as it should, making him the bottom bitch that he always wanted to be! Fuck, yeah! Take him ... take his butt and make it yours! Make him your pussy slut boi, your sweet piece of male ass that aches to be taken and used hard! Oh, God, honey! Fuck my brother in the ass! Butt-fuck him nice and rough! You can tell that he wants more ... deeper inside him, your cock exploring the very deepest parts of him! David, honey, those hips don't move themselves, you know ... you don't want to be a dead lay! Give my sweet hubby the nice pushback that he craves from his sluts!" Lisa egged us on as I buggered her sexy sibling.

By now, David was vigorous in meeting my every thrust with his hips and buns, aggressively swallowing every inch of me with his colon. When Lisa began slipping her fingers into my asshole and tickling my prostate with them, I shuddered and emptied my load inside David for the first time, just seconds before he groaned and emptied his own balls onto the shower floor. Lisa smiled deviously as she washed her fingers clean and kissed both of guys on the mouth, slipping each of us some tongue. That was when she stepped out the shower and we guys briefly rinsed off before setting forth, only to have her dry us both with the bath towel she had on hand.

"Damn, that ... was fucking intense," I admitted with a wide grin as my wife began groping me with every movement of the towel.

"Yes, it was, and I admit that I won't walk normally for a little while. Losing my anal cherry is a pretty big deal for me," David chuckled as Lisa moved on to him.

"Don't you have to work today, too?" I teased him.

"You forget, I work for my father-in-law. Need I say more?" David reminded me with a huge grin.

"Yes, Kimble Realty, I recall now. Where your darling wife works, too. Where is she, by the way?" I asked as we teamed up to dry Lisa off ... and grope her as well.

"My sweet Amber? She's pitching a sale right now, with the clear understanding that I am to show up later, so she can head your way and ride you into next week. That was the deal that Lisa brokered between us, so that I could do this for you, not that Amber minds ... she just wants her turn, of course. Meanwhile, I'm at your disposal, Master ... I do belong to you now, after all. Just like my dear sister here, who seems to be ... how do I say this ... eager for a celebratory MMF threesome to wear her out. Of course, Amber also sucked her father off under the desk when they got to work, just so he could think straight after his rather vividly erotic dreams," David laughed as Lisa and he positioned themselves naked on the bed for me.

"How about it, honey? How many guys can boast that they've fucked a brother and sister in the same bed on the same morning?" Lisa licked her lips as she helped her brother seduce me.

"Touche," I chuckled as I grabbed my wife, my mouth closing in on hers, my tongue circling hers as I began to caress her rather fulsome breasts ... another plus to a plump wife, of course ... Lisa was what men of another age would have called "buxom."

While I was engaged in making out with my good lady wife, I felt an undeniably masculine hand on my butt cheeks, fondling me with curious abandon, in fact. Of course, I had already sodomized David and made him my "bottom bitch", as we all agreed that he now was. I certainly wasn't going to complain that during a threesome with him and my wife, he had eagerly groped my ass! It wasn't much longer before Lisa wrapped her legs around my waist, while David actually guided me into his sister's twat! I bet that he never expected to do that for a guy fucking his sweet Big Sis, here he was, assisting me in plowing her slit!

I began actively humping my missus while I saw David lean over to start sucking her clit, thus making her desperate to cum with every stroke. Lisa became a bitch in heat before either of us expected it, that much was clear! Being the center of attention was no small thing for my lovely lady, who wasn't sure any more than me what would strike her brother's fancy more ... her or me. At the moment, thankfully, it was Lisa, and I could hardly blame David for that. His sister, my wife Lisa, was always a wildcat whose energy belied her few extra pounds (she wore them well, anyway, mostly in terms of a nice, plush ass and rather impressive tits).

When I started to bottom out in Lisa's slick snatch, enjoying the wetness and warmth of her delicious pussy around my cock, David got a very bright idea and put himself in a 69 with his sister, feeding her eager mouth his dick while he resumed sucking and licking down there. More than once, as my prick slipped out of Lisa, he sucked it a bit before my next stroke went back inside her, thus getting to sample the combined flavors of my cock and my wife's cunt. This was like striking oil, because Lisa gushed more than I thought humanly possible.

I then pulled out and told my wife and her brother, "Alright, switch up a bit. David, on your back. Lisa, on top of him. Yes, that's right, Cowgirl position. Tits in his face. You know that he loves that. He's only human and no guy who isn't like Matt or Arlen would be opposed to sweet boobs waving in his face. I'm going in the backdoor now."

I spread some lube and used my fingers for a second before I eased my cock into Lisa's ass, even while she bounced repeatedly up and down on her brother's dick. She seemed so deliriously happy now that she wouldn't have seen Freddy Krueger if he showed up in front of her. 

Sandwiched between her brother in her pussy and her husband in her asshole, my dear wife was on Cloud Nine and shamelessly wallowing in her debauchery. Then again, David and I weren't doing so bad, either. Getting to sodomize my wife while she also rode her own brother was an experience that I would recommend to any guy who didn't have hang-ups about threesomes and incest. It was the wildest, kinkiest, and most enjoyable DP that I had ever done.

Of course, Lisa's asshole was even hotter and gave even more delightful friction to my cock with its silky walls enveloping me. The fact that I could feel every movement of her hips and every stroke of David's cock through the thin barrier between us only made things better ... or worse. For her, of course, it was even more exciting to have two men in her at once, especially with one of them her brother and the other her husband. Lisa began screaming wildly and erratically as she rode David's dick. Finally he came just so that she wouldn't accidentally break his prick from all of the vigorous movements on it. The feeling of her brother's seed inside my wife drove her even wilder and she involuntarily clenched her asshole, milking every single last drop of spunk from my balls that I had right then.

"Oh, fuck, guys ... Thank you! Thank you for doing that to me! I feel so damn sexy right now, but am I still pretty? I mean, with two men's loads leaking down my legs from my pussy and my ass? I feel like such a slut, but what a glorious way to feel! So, am I hot?" Lisa fished for compliments ... and didn't have to fish for long.

"Baby, you're gorgeous and sexy as can be! Sure, you look slutty, but I like that about you!" I admitted to my voluptuous wife, who melted into my arms right then, even as David put his hands on each of our butts and initiated a raunchy, three-way tongue kiss.

"Oh, God, Lisa! You have no idea how yummy you are right now! Serious MILF, Sis," David reassured his older sister.

"Well, with that, I really should get dressed and head to work. What of you, David? Still waiting until later?" I asked my brother-in-law.

"Yeah, probably a good idea. I don't have anything left in my balls right now and probably won't for at least an hour or two. Maybe I can catch Amber then and send her to you as a buttered bun," he grinned naughtily.

"Sounds like a plan. And you, Lisa? I know that you have the church job and substitute teaching, but I doubt that either are going to take hours from your day. Care to join me at work? I'd love to keep you there more often," I asked my wife.

"So, you'll hire me, boss?" Lisa winked at me.

"Sure, why not? If antiques aren't too boring for you, that is," I teased her.

"Nope, and neither is the owner. I hear that he is quite the stud. At least that's what his wife, sisters-in-law, and several of their lady friends like to say. Not to mention those two ebony nymphs, who remind me of Vanessa Williams as Calypso in that Armand Assante version of the Odyssey. I'd love to work under such a boss, plus his black cuties and his sexy drag queen that they just hired. I bet that 'Joanna' will have heads turning almost as fast as me or the ladies. I also hear that he has a nice little basement where he can take me, spank me, and fuck me like the horny, saucy slut that I am!" Lisa put some vitamins in my hands as she spoke, and then stuck her tongue down my throat for good measure.

"Guess I'll need those, huh? Maybe even some breakfast to give me strength," I laughed as Lisa nodded as she got dressed and freshened up, albeit sans bra, which I couldn't help but notice ... she wasn't stupid ... she would play her milky twins for all they were worth.

"Drive-thru on the way, or should I step out and let them see what I'm wearing today?" Lisa suggested, obviously preferring the latter, as she had on a semi-open blouse and miniskirt, of all things, that she filled out rather nicely indeed with her wonderful tits and ass.

"You want to be a cock tease, don't you?" I laughed, but agreed with her idea, "Let's do it. Show them that rack of yours and that fine booty as well. If you got it, flaunt it!"

"Why, thank you, Sir! Master is very good to his slut today, it seems," Lisa blushed slightly at the strongly implied praise of her bust and her tush.

"Slut is very good to Master as well, waking him up to a nice piece of ass in the shower, and then a kinky threesome with her own brother," I chuckled as we drove down to the local Wendy's and set foot in the smallish line.

"I think that we just missed breakfast time, hon," I admitted regretfully, but then, they had nice burgers as well.

Lisa didn't object as I reached my hands up her skirt to fondle her buns underneath it, either. If anything, she practically twerked on me, letting me experience the soft, smooth skin of her bottom, which was frankly my favorite part of her (though her tits came a close second). A couple of other customers looked at us funny, but didn't say a thing, especially once they noticed how much she seemed to enjoy my attentions ... and the matching golden bands on our ring fingers. We were obviously man and wife, if a bit more playful than most.

"Well, a nice, juicy Baconator is all I need for now. Full of meaty, cheesy, gooey badness," Lisa made full use of double entendres now.

"And some French fries, too, and a Frosty," I grinned at her while still feeling her up.

"Oh, you are such a tempter, and I must obey my Master, of course. My doctor will scold me, but he doesn't know the power of the dark side, does he?" Lisa joked.

"That he doesn't. Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny," I kept it up while still fondling her delicious ass.

"Dominate away, Dark Lord. I am your eager apprentice," Lisa giggled as we reached the counter and I ordered for her.

The scrawny, snot-nosed teen at the register was more than a little staggered at the twin beauties jutting out from my wife's torso. It was obvious that she didn't have a bra on, either, as a great deal of her cleavage was on display. He could see those creamy humps almost entirely exposed, due to it being a very low-cut blouse, and he began to stutter as a result. He also had an impressive boner that shocked me for one of his puny size. When Lisa licked her lips and I started ordering, poor Ernesto, that was his name, began shaking as he took our money and gave us change. He tried not to stare at Lisa's bust, but it was hard to look away from it, facing him directly as it was.

"I feel bad for the kid," Lisa admitted as we headed over to the side to await our number.

"Me, too. He looks to be a virgin, too. Wouldn't you love to take his cherry?" I teased her a little more.

"Actually, I wouldn't mind if you didn't," Lisa confessed with a blush to her cheeks.

"As long as I got the other cherry, why not?" I laughed a little, but the look on Lisa's face when she heard this was pure mischief.

"That can be arranged. If we share the risk, do you mind some bareback?" Lisa snickered now, winking at Ernesto as I grabbed our tray.

Lisa then scribbled a little nose that she passed to Ernesto, which read, "How old are you?"

"18," he wrote back quickly.

"Meet me in the mens' room, sweetie," Lisa invited him, at which point, the line being gone, he took his break and did exactly that.

I didn't know what kind of conversation, if any, the two of them had, but Lisa emerged not five minutes later with a wide, nasty grin and signaled for my turn. I rushed to the john, trusting my own Baconator to Lisa's tender mercies, and then found Ernesto still in the mens' room with his pants down at his ankles and clearly a bit nervous. Even so, when I soaped up his booty to lube him well, he took it in stride, soon actively welcoming my cock in his asshole. It wasn't a lengthy session, as we were all in something of a rush, and he didn't wish to get caught, but it felt damn good and tight as I shot off my third load of the day into Ernesto's butt.

The cashier grinned at me and pulled up his pants without wiping his ass clean, telling me, "That was all I had to do to get laid? I'll have to remember that. It wasn't even bad when you fucked my ass. I kinda liked it. Oh, and I gave your wife my number, just in case."

Ernesto walked funny out the door while I washed off my cock and hands. Then I went back to the dining room and ate the rest of my Baconator. If Lisa took any of my fries, I'll never know or ask, because she had delivered a nice bonus to that morning, anyway.

She also dipped a couple of fries in her dripping, creamy twat and ate them directly from it, whispering, "I gave him my panties and he gave me his number."

"Damn, you really have loosened up, thank Gods! I'd like to see how you rub off on Holly and Shelly, not to mention Joanna," I told her with a steamy kiss that others couldn't help but notice.

"Get a room, folks," one guy complained, but it was clear that he was just envious.

"We have one, man. She's my wife," I chuckled as we finished and left.

"You only wish that you had one as wild and free as my Lisa," was my Parthian shot, even as Lisa had Ernesto's cum dripping freely from her snatch down to her calves.

The view in the glass reflection made it clear that the man had nearly choked on his chili when I said that to him. Lisa and I both laughed a bit at the man's discomfort with the whole scene as we drove to my shop and found the girls hard at work, while "Joanna" still walked rather clumsily in "her" high heels and strapless dress. She still had trouble dealing with her wig and falsies, too, as she was used to dressing relatively low-maintenance, as a man did. She also had a boner the size of Manhattan, and it was evident that the ladies had been deliberately tantalizing her with the prospect of sex without delivering on it yet.

"Now, now, Joanna. You're a lady on the clock. I don't mind you getting some action, even on my dime, but it must be ladylike. Ladies don't fuck ... ladies GET fucked!" I curtly informed Joanna to remind her of her place.

Lisa, Holly, and Shelly all giggled when they heard this part, of course. When Lisa ran her hand inside Joanna's panties to play with her "clit," Joanna nearly jumped in response, and I decided that it was time to teach her a valuable lesson.

"Joanna, I need you to clean up a mess," I told her, and she turned her head, only to have me push her head down between Lisa's thighs behind the counter.

"Eat it. That's a creampie left by a young Puerto Rican cashier named Ernesto. Lick it all up, and then freshen up and get back to work. Remember, you're on the clock, now," I warned her sternly.

Joanna blushed, but did as she was told. Before I knew it, Lisa began moaning, though she did her best to be quiet during the act. I smirked and got busy with my work, already delayed (but, hey, it was a rare, special occasion, and who in his right mind passes up a threesome with his drop dead gorgeous wife and her twink brother-in-law ... no self-respecting bi guy would). Even so, I noticed that Holly and Shelly both used every occasion to grope their boss, namely me, as well as their other boss (face it, Lisa was partial owner, if by no other right than being my wife and partner in all things). Neither Lisa nor I complained, even if Lisa did her best to reorganize the books when not being fondled ... Holly and Shelly were great, but Lisa turned out to be an accounting genius!

As for Joanna, well, she became extremely popular with the patrons, many of whom knew her as Jonathan, but didn't recognize her at all! More than a few men, assuming that she actually was a woman, did things like make her bend over to check out something on the bottom shelf, only to start grabbing her ass when they could get away with it. I had to admit, Joanna was very sexy and seductive as a lady, once she got the hang of how to act like one ... she was already kind of prissy in some ways, so that helped, too. When one discovered that she was actually a he, though, his complaints were neatly and politely dismissed.
