 Lisha agreed that it was a very nice house.  She was bored and uncomfortable after the long drive, and slightly annoyed with her husband for making her come at all. He had insisted it was business related, and he really had to bring his wife along if he was to make the right impression on the boss. It had been more than two hours to get there but ultimately they had turned into a long lane  that lead to a huge house in a very secluded area. Nestled among giant pine trees the house was obviously very expensive . Lisha wondered just how much the executives in the company made if the senior ones could afford a palace like this one.

They were greeted at the door by an attractive woman who knew her husband and  were then quickly ushered into a living room with several other guests. It was then that things began to go downhill.

Lisha's husband disappeared quickly and she was left alone with a group of men and women, none of whom she knew. She hated it when he did that but figured that he was trying to score points with one of his higher ups and since that was the purpose of the evening she would just have to put up with it. 

A young man approached her and asked her if she would like a drink. She asked for a rye and ginger ale and he brought her one from the bar in the corner of the room. He introduced himself as Max. They chatted about the decor and the size of the house. Max was obviously impressed. Lisha was too but she wasn't about to gush about it to a stranger. She thought Max seemed a little young to be here among the junior and senior executives but she didn't mention it. He might be a boss's son or something fast tracking his way to the top. 

Odd, she thought, most of the people in the room seemed somewhat young. Had her husband abandoned her to the kid's party or something? 

While Max babbled on about the architectural features of the mansion a young woman strolled casually up to the two of them. She had blonde hair and wore a simple white blouse and navy skirt, Although she wore only a simple white blouse and navy skirt their tightness, coupled with her long dark hair, combined to make a figure that Lisha was instantly jealous of'. 'Hello,' she said, 'I'm Harley. Has Max been talking your ear off about this old house?'

'I think it's quite interesting' said Lisha, trying to be polite. Max introduced her to Harley and Lisha said hello. 

'Would you like a tour?', asked Harley. 'Max and I will show you all the features' 

Lisha looked around the room. No sign of her husband. She thought she might as well go, it couldn't be any more boring than standing here. Maybe there would be something interesting to see. 'Sure' she said, trying to sound interested. 'Well you saw the grand entrance hall when you came in' said Harley. 'This is the west wing of the house where the entertainment facilities are. This is the lounge, the dining room is through there. Out that way is the pool area. Max smiled knowingly. 'some of the entertainment facilities are there' Beyond the dining room are the private bedrooms. The guest bedrooms are all in the east wing.'

Harley continued, 'The north wing has the business facilities, several offices, conference rooms that sort of thing.' 

'It sounds more like a hotel' said Lisha.

'Some nights it seems to be' replied Harley. She  led the way out of the lounge and Lisha and Max  followed her. They walked down a hallway and Lisha saw the large formal dining room through a pair of double doors they passed. At the end of the hall they passed through another door and descended a flight of stairs. At the bottom of the stairs was another hallway, quite plain compared to the rest of the house, with several doors leading off it. 

'This is where the real special entertaining happens' grinned Max. 

'What?', Said Lisha. 'You have your own movie theatre down here?'

'Hmm. Better than that,' said Harley. 'Come in here, this room is free'. As she opened the door she switched a small sign so that it read 'occupied'. Lisha noticed that the other rooms had doors with similar signs.

Inside the room was a large couch with a very solid looking coffee table in front of it and a large television and VCR on a stand in the corner. In the opposite corner there was a small bar with a fridge.  The walls of the room were covered in heavy fabric. Thick carpeting covered the floor. Compared to the rest of the house the room was very plain. 'Have a seat, Lisha', said Max. He indicated the couch. …and we will show you just what sort of entertainment can be provided here'.

Lisha sat down, a little perplexed. 'You brought me to the basement to watch video tapes? I can do that at home.' 

Harley knelt on the couch, coming close to Lisha. 'Do you like to watch porn videos, Lisha?', she said in a low voice. 

Lisha was taken off guard. She did like porn, but she wasn't expecting to be asked about it. She stammered a bit. 'ummm... Yeah sure. Now and then.' Max was standing at the end of the couch. He had taken off his jacket and was loosening his tie. He grinned at Lisha. 'You want to see some now?',  he asked. Lisha folded her arms across her chest.

'You two dragged me down her to watch dirty movies with you? I don't see much special about that.' She started to get up from the couch.. 

Harley stopped her. 'Sit down sweetie. We're not going to watch a porn movie with you.' She smiled. 'We are the porn movie' 

Lisha fell back into the couch, her mouth open. She glanced over at Max. He was unbuttoning his shirt, revealing a well formed chest. She turned back to Harley who had one leg up on the coffee table. She was wearing stockings and a garter belt under her short tight skirt. She was running her hands along her legs sliding her skirt up her leg. 

Max moved towards her, removing his shirt. They met in front of Lisha and dropped to their knees between her and the coffee table. They began to kiss, very passionately.

Lisha stared at them. Even if she wanted to leave now the two lovers were blocking her way off the couch. She couldn't believe the way they had simply begun to make love right there in front of her. She gulped and her eyes grew a little wider. 

Harley and Max had embraced each other and were kissing. Lisha could see their tongues meeting between their open mouths. Harley's hands roamed over Max's naked chest[,] stopping to pinch his nipples. Lisha could here [hear] Max moan slightly when she did that. 

Her hand moved off his chest and moved to his groin where there was an obvious bulge. Harley's hand stroked the bulge while she continued to kiss Max. Lisha began to feel less self conscious about staring and began to realize she was getting excited watching this performance. She watched as Harley lowered her head and begin to gently bite Max's nipples, making him loudly groan  

She unbuckled his belt and lowered his trousers to the floor, allowing him to step out of them. Max stood there wearing only his briefs. Harley ran her hand over his growing bulge, squeezing. She winked at Lisha as she did so. a wink Max didn't see for his eyes were closed, to better appreciate Harley's soft caress.  Harley stepped back. 

'Take them off for us, Max.' Max opened his eyes to see both women staring at him. 'Go ahead', said Harley. 'Take them off. Slowly' Max grabbed at his underwear by the waistband and pulled at it. It slid it over his cock which sprang to attention when released, his eyes flicking back and forth between the two women watching him. He slid his underwear down and set them aside with his other clothes. When he stood up his erection was bouncing, it's thick bulbous head pointing straight at Lisha'.

Harley smiled. 'Now it's my turn. Get up here, Max' She indicated the coffee table. 'On your knees'. Max knelt down on top of the table, which had clearly been built for such use.

He was right in front of Lisha, who was now on the edge of the couch watching attentively. She excitedly noticed that his penis was close enough to reach out and touch had she wanted to, which she did, very much.

Harley put her leg up on the table and pulled up her skirt, revealing her stocking tops. She unclipped the top of her stocking, waving her knee inches from Max's eager face. Like an old fashioned strip tease artist she slowly started to slide the stocking down her leg, the white skin of her thigh contrasting with the dark hose. As she slid it over her knee Max bent and tried to kiss her knee. She moved it abruptly. 'You can look but you cant touch… Yet'. Max put his hands down and straightened up. 

She continued to remove the stocking and rolled it off her foot. Putting her foot down she looked at Max, then at Lisha as she tantalizingly stretched the stocking out. 'Mmmm,' she said. 'Max has a nice cock but his hands are awfully busy, don't you think so, Lisha?' 

Lisha was taken aback at being spoken to. 'Yes, I guess he does,' she said, a little nervously. 

Harley was moving around the table. 'If I'm going to do a strip tease for you, Max, I think it should be a tease, not a grope show, don't you agree?' Max mutely nodded. Harley had moved behind him now. She whispered in his ear 'I'm going to make sure your hands stay where they are supposed to.' She grabbed Max's wrists and wrapped her stocking around them, quickly binding them together. In almost the same motion she took the remaining length of stocking in one hand and pulled Max backwards with the other and secured his wrists, already bound behind his back, to his ankles. This caused him to arch his back and thrust out his still hard, exposed penis. 

Harley moved her face to within an inch of Max's. 'Now you'll get teased,' she smiled. 

Lisha had watched the whole episode fascinated as Harley had expertly tied Max up. Now kneeling on the table in front of her, his wrists bound to his ankles she could see not only was his cock hard and throbbing but he was breathing quite hard. He glanced at her and she saw an animal lust in his eye, a craving. It was a good thing he was tied, she thought. He's a wild one.

Harley was back in front of Max now, swaying slightly. She was unzipping her skirt. She slid it down her legs, one bare, the other still clad in a stocking. The clasps from the stocking she had tied Max with dangled loosely around her bare leg. She carefully draped her skirt on the end of the couch and began to unbutton her blouse.

Lisha was watching her as intently as Max was. She was finding herself excited by this woman who was undressing in such a tantalizing way. She watched as the buttons were released one by one, revealing the black lacy bra underneath. 

Lisha could feel her pussy getting wet at the sight. She glanced at Max. He was staring hard at Harley and his hands were pulling at the stocking that bound them. He looked over at Lisha and spoke. 'Please Lisha, touch my cock. '

Lisha looked at Max, and at his cock. She wanted to, but she looked at Harley first. 'Not yet' said Harley. 'We haven't even begun to tease him yet. I want him really hard and aching for me when I finally let him touch me' Harley was naked now. She stood facing Max and licked her lips tantalizingly. She ran her hands along the sides of her body and cupped her breasts, leaning forward so that he could see as she pinched the nipples and made them grow hard.

Max moaned softly. Harley turned around and put her hands on her ass cheeks, pulling them apart. She bent forward slightly exposing her anus and pussy lips to view. She raised her hand and smacked her ass, grinning at Max and winking as she did so. Max's cock was twitching. 

Harley walked around Max and checked his bindings ensuring they were snug. Then she stepped up onto the table in front of him. She moved close to him spreading her legs so that her pussy was readily visible. Using the fingers of one hand she spread her pussy lips and moved within inches of his nose, knowing the smell of her cunt would drive the man wild.

Max inhaled her scent and groaned, pulling at his bonds. Harley pulled back, carefully ensuring that he could not touch her. Max bit his lower lip and closed his eyes, his cock now throbbing. His balls were aching from the teasing. 

Lisha sat watching Harley torment Max. She could feel herself getting very aroused as well. Harley was obviously enjoying herself. She swayed in front of Max allowing him within a fraction of an inch of her naked body, then pulling away. She could se him breathing hard and fast his nostrils actually flaring as she moved around it. 

Lisha wondered what her reaction would be if Harley were doing the same thing to her. Unconsciously Lisha started to pull up the hem of her dress and started to touch herself. Entranced she watched Harley swoop and dive over Max, whose face was starting to turn red now. His penis was full and erect, the veins bulging. It twitched and throbbed and it was obvious that he needed relief.

Lisha found her panties to be quite moist and began to rub them slowly, thankful she wasn't in Max's position. She instinctively closed her eyes as her finger brushed her clit, then opened them again quickly. Harley was looking at her. 'Do you want to join in?' Harley asked. 

'Please Lisha,' cried Max desperately. 'Touch my cock, please.' Lisha became aware that he was staring at her as well, and that she had opened her legs to give her hand access to her pussy. She looked at Max, then over at Harley then back at Max. With a lewd grin she spread her legs further and pulled her skirt up higher. 

Max groaned. Rather than relief he now had two women teasing him. He watched as Lisha pulled her dress up over her hips, staring him in the eye the whole time. She hooked a thumb in her panties and started to work them down revealing a fully shaved pussy. She bent over slightly and pulled the panties from around her ankles. She held the panties up, feeling the dampness on them.

Harley looked at Lisha and her panties and had an idea. She stepped over to Lisha and took the panties from her, then looked at Max. 'You like the smell of pussy, don't you Max?'

'Uh huh,' said Max. His voice was quite quiet.

'Would you like to smell Lisha's panties?' He smiled weakly and Harley held the panties out just in front of his nose.

The scent of a second pussy caused Max to gasp and close his eyes. His hands pulled at his bonds but they held firm. Harley pulled the panties away from Max and giggled. Lisha smiled too, knowing that she was now part of the young man's torture. She watched in amazement at what Harley did next. She took the panties and rolled up the fabric in the center, twisting it tightly enough that the moisture—Lisha's pussy juices— began to bead up on the outside of the cloth. Then she took the panties by the waistband and pulled them over Max's head so that the fabric ran up beside his nose and he could not help but smell them, yet twisted as it was he could still see clearly.

Max breathed deeply, then began to shake his head as he realized he could not escape the close scent of Lisha's warm wet pussy. It was to no avail for the panties were twisted tightly around his head. Lisha knelt on the couch and Harley came over to her.

In full view of Max Harley began to undress Lisha, slowing unbuttoning her blouse, kissing her flesh as it came into view. She pulled the fabric back, exposing Lisha's lovely skin, slowly pulling the blouse off her shoulders. She slid it off Lisha's arms and exposed her bra, a lacy push-up affair. Harley reached for the zipper on her skirt and unzipped it and the skirt fell away exposing Lisha's shaved pussy completely. 

Like a model on a game show Harley kept pointing out all the features of Lisha's body to Max who whimpered and groaned as he knelt on the table unable to move.

Lisha rose up, wearing only her bra. She moved towards Max, swaying as she had seen Harley do. She moved until her breasts were mere inches from Max's face. His eyes grew wide and she stared directly into them. She unsnapped the hook-in-front bra and slowly uncovered herself her lush ample breasts coming into view inches from his face. She laughed when she saw a bit of drool actually run down Max's chin. 

Harley was sitting down on the couch now, and Lisha sat down beside her. Harley put her arm around Lisha and drew her close, kissing her on the lips. Lisha did not hesitate, she had often wondered what it would feel like to kiss another woman, and eagerly returned Harley's kiss. When she felt Harley's hand on her breast she surrendered herself completely. 

Harley wasted no time and pushed Lisha down onto the couch. She started kissing her neck, then worked her way to her breasts and nipples, sucking them in and teasing them with her tongue, making them hard. Moving quickly she kissed her way down across Lisha's belly. Lisha unhesitantly opened her legs and Harley began to lick her pussy. She began by teasing the clit, licking all around it but never touching it. Then she dipped deeper, tasting Lisha's vaginal juices and spreading them across her lips. She worked her way back up to the clit and softly touched it with her tongue, lifting her head and watching the small bud appear from under its hood. 

Max, of course, could only watch helplessly as he saw Lisha being pleasured by Harley, his own testicles aching beyond belief with the agony of his arousal. He watched as Lisha came, her hips bucking, her hands clutching Harley's head, and a loud moan coming from her mouth. She lay there panting for a moment, her breath coming in short heavy pants.

Harley looked at Max and smiled. Without a word she stood up and released the bonds untying his hands and feet. When he tried to lift an arm she motioned him to stop, indicating that he was to remain in the same position, bound or not.

Lisha looked on as Harley sat on the couch directly in front of Max and spread her legs wide and began to masturbate, rubbing her pussy lips and inserting two and even three fingers into her wet cunt. Max's cock was still twitching. Harley looked over at Lisha. 'I'll bet he can shoot all the way over here. I bet if you stroke his cock with him kneeling on the table his cum will still hit my pussy sitting here on the couch. Want to try it?' 

Lisha grinned wickedly and jumped up beside Max. She gently took his cock in her hand and began to stroke it. Max moaned at her touch and his entire body went limp as he finally began to feel some relief from the teasing he had been enduring. Lisha gave him several long strokes, sliding back and forth, feeling the cock throb in her hand. She held it firmly, knowing he would come quickly, and he did. 

A plume of thick white semen shot out of his cock like a geyser, arcing through the air and landing on Harley's belly almost five feet away. Max screamed with pleasure at this long anticipated release and his cock continued to pump and throb for over a minute, draining him dry. Lisha released Max from her hand and looked over at Harley who was scooping up the semen in her fingers and tasting it. Max staggered off the table and fell to the floor, where he curled up in a foetal position gasping for breath. 

Harley lifted a finger and a long string of semen dripped down towards her mouth. 'There. Wasn't that better that watching just another porn movie on TV?' She asked, before placing it neatly on her tongue and swallowing contentedly.'