 Teaser – My New Life



My name is Traci, I am in my earlier thirties, single, 5'4", about 110 lb. with blond hair. I was a very conservative young lady, living with my long time boyfriend until I caught him sleeping with our neighbor. It seemed like a big deal at the time, now not so bad, I left him and went to live with my friend Claire and her boyfriend Charlie, they left for a vacation shortly after I arrived leaving my alone. It wasn't long before I "accidentally" discovered that I had repressed tendencies towards exhibitionism, which lead to me putting myself in some unsafe situations, ultimately resulting in me being gangbanged by countless total strangers over a weekend in a neighboring town. I can't say that I was raped because I actually asked or sometimes begged for them to fuck me, in fear of the punishment that would follow if I didn't. To this day, just the mention of "The Persuader", sends a shiver down my spine and reminds me of the terrible pain that I swore I will never feel again. It's been three weeks since all this happened and my friends arrive home tomorrow, expecting to see the shy, conservative friend , that they left behind, not the high priced whore who I have become. I have no idea how they are going to react to my transformation. 

I decided that I should be home when Claire arrives but that wasn't for another six hours so I decided to go out. Dressed only in a pair of very tight white shorts, a white tank top that looked like it had shrunk in the dryer and a pair of sandals, I head to a nearby town to go to the mall, a place where I had been taught that there were many horny men willing to pay for my services. My new job, which was basically the office whore, paid pretty well but my new life style and need for sexy clothes was pretty expensive, my extra work provided more than enough money for my needs, plus I had found that I really loved having sex with total strangers.

It wasn't long before my first "friend" approached me, it was a previous "friend" , let's call him John just for the sake of giving him a name and a little ironic humor. John had a pickup truck with a big back seat, once inside I stripped off my clothes and John climbed on top of me, quickly rubbing the head of his hard cock along my slit, with a little effort he spread them and began inserting it into my wet cunt. His weight was crushing on my breasts but that was soon forgotten as he started pounding his cock into me. He lasted for about ten minutes before blowing his load of warm cum deep into me. He sat up and I cleaned his cock with my mouth, that usually gets me a tip. The blend of our two juices was a taste that I had come to love. When I was done we got dressed and parted ways, I entered the mall and headed for the washroom to clean up the cum running down my leg. 

I soon resumed my prowling of the mall, searching for a new prey. My next customer was to be an older man, mid to late fifties, he was willing to pay quite well for a blowjob, which I gave him in the stairway. He had a good size cock and really enjoyed it when I relaxed my throat and let it slide all the way in until my lips were press against his grey pubic hair. After only a few minutes he unloaded his cock into my throat, which I swallowed and slurped every drop of cum off of him. 

Throughout the next hour or so I treated three more men to my charms. I had to leave the mall early , I wanted to be home when Claire got there so that I could change into something a little more appropriate. On my drive home, I realised that in the short time that I had been at the mall, I earned more than a week's pay and tax free too. Pulling into the driveway I noticed Claire's car, damn it, they beat me home. As I entered the kitchen, I thought Claire's jaw was going to hit the floor and Charlie's tongue too. 

Charlie left us alone to discuss things, checking out my ass on the way out of the room. Claire was noticeably upset with my transition from prude to sex pot, I explained as best as I could and offered to move out if she wanted me to. After much discussion, we agreed that I could stay but had to keep my hands off of Charlie. This was an easy thing for me to agree to, Charlie is a real hunk but I would never betray my best friend. That evening was a little uncomfortable but Claire seemed to show a definite interest in my exhibitionism. Charlie was trying to play it cool but kept sneaking peaks when Claire wasn't watching. 

Things were going pretty good at home, except Claire always gave me a dirty look when a new stranger would appear at the door for me. Claire and me spent a lot of time sitting around chatting, mostly about my new life, she just couldn't imagine me having sex with all these strangers. One topic that really seemed to catch her attention was anal sex, her and Charlie had never done it, even though he had ask a couple of times, she always refused but no matter how intense our conversations got they always seemed to lead back to the beating with the persuader and my total surrender to their will, she seemed to be fascinated with the idea of me being a sex slave to these people. I assumed that maybe she was thinking that she might like to be controlled.

One night we had been watching tv, some old movie, I fell asleep and was awoken by the click of Claire snapping shut a pair of fur covered hand cuffs on my wrists, Charlie had put a pair on my ankles, With Claire taking my feet and Charlie my legs, they rolled my onto the floor, on my stomach and Claire sat on my back. I struggled but with my hands and feet tied I was no match for her. She told him to hand her one, of what I did not know but was soon to learn. I could feel Charlie's hands on the waist band of my pajamas, they easily slid down exposing my bare ass to his view. I tried to convince them to let me go that they didn't need to do this, I would do anything that they wanted. All that got me was a gag in my mouth. Then I heard that all too familiar sound of the air being split by a fast moving object and the awful pain as it came in contract with my bare ass, I squirmed but to no avail. They each had what appeared to be table tennis paddle and were taking turns wailing my ass. By the time that they were finished there was a wet spot on the carpet from my tears, I was sobbing uncontrollably as Claire explained to me that if I didn't do everything that they asked they would beat me again. I realised that, through our conversations, I had given Claire a detailed description on how to enslave me. 

They uncuffed me and decided to test their power over me. Leaving me on the floor, Claire rushed to their bedroom leaving me on the floor with Charlie, she soon returned with some lubrication cream and began to spread some on the end of his cock, raising me onto my knees, Charlie quickly began plunging his cock into my rectum. Once fully in he proceeded to pump the full length of his hard cock deep into me, making me moan with each thrust. While he was fucking me, Claire pulled my top off leaving me totally naked, she was getting turned on by watching us and soon undressed herself rubbing her pussy and inserting a finger now and then. She positioned herself below me and directed my face to her wet cunt. Immediately I began licking her slit with my tongue parting her lips and finding her swollen clit. She began moaning as my tongue flicked it, returning occasionally to dive deep within her had moist hole. This was my first time with another woman but I knew what I would want her to do to me so it was easy. All the while Charlie had been pounding my ass, he paused for a brief second slipping his cock out and drove it deep into my wet cunt . After a few strokes, he reached around, grabbing my breasts and drove his cock hard into me, unloading his cum deep into my womb and shoving my face deeper into Claire's pussy. Eventually, we rolled off each other and I silently headed to the shower. 

The warm water was soothing on my aching butt and it felt good just being alone for awhile. After my shower I slipped on a house coat and returned to the living room, my roommates had gotten dressed and were sitting watching TV. I crossed the room and sat in the chair opposite them, they motioned for me to join them on the couch, which I did without hesitation, I wasn't going to give them an excuse to beat me again. The rest of the evening was pretty uneventful, we sat around watching TV and occasionally chatting, they acted like nothing had happened. I went to bed early, had a good night sleep. 

When I got up the next morning, I realised that now, everything had changed. They had both seen me naked and used me sexually, there was no need to be modest around the house, which fit right in with my flashing tendencies. Leaving my room to shower I didn't bother to cover myself, left the door open and went to the kitchen for breakfast, totally naked, they were surprised to see me like this but neither one complained. Charlie had trouble taking his eyes off my tits at the breakfast table and was constantly rubbing his leg on mine. When breakfast was finished I stood up and asked ir either of them wanted to have sex with me before leaving for work. My abruptness caught them of guard and they just mumbled something about having to go and being late. I returned to my room, a little satisfied that I had made them feel uncomfortable with our situation, got dressed and headed to work. I must admit that I really wouldn't have minded some sex this morning, parading around the apartment naked made me a little wet. 

After dinner that evening, I guess, Charlie wanted to test me to see if they had control over me, he told me that he wanted a blowjob. I glanced at Claire , who nodded her permission. Without hesitation I dropped to my knees, undid his fly, unleashed his cock and began to lick his balls. Sliding my tongue along the bottom of his shaft, I noticed a little drop of pre cum on the end of his dick, my tongue licked it off, followed by my lips forming a seal on the end of it and I tried to suck out anymore that might be left. Still sucking, I opened my lips a little allowing the head to slide in, massaging his balls with my hand, I looked up at Claire as I slid his cock deep into my throat, relaxing my muscles to permit maximum penetration, Charlie moaned with pleasure as I deep throated him, Claire was licking her lips, at that moment I was she was licking mine. I had never tasted any ones pussy before Claire, well other than my own, and I rather enjoyed it, not as good as sucking a good stiff cock but still exciting. Charlie was still fucking my mouth, now at a steady pace, I could feel his cock twitching as he deep throated me and knew that it wouldn't be long before he gave me my reward. He began panting and humping harder until suddenly he allowing his cock to gush a big load of warm cum into my mouth. After swallowing every drop, I cleaned his cock with my tongue and lips then looked up at him to see if he wanted anything else. We spent that evening relaxing and watching a movie. 

Arriving home from work on Thursday, I knew that Claire would not be home, she had a meeting to attend, Charlie was in the living room, he had a friend with him, I could hear them laughing and talking. Charlie called to me and asked me to bring them a beer, which I did. He introduced me to Larry as I handed them their beer. Larry looked at Charlie and said, no way, Charlie replied, yes really, then asked me what we did the other night. I replied that we had sex. Larry couldn't believe it, Charlie said, watch this, and asked me what I was doing walking around the apartment with my clothes on. I told him that I was sorry and began to unbutton my blouse. Larry was blown away with what he was seeing. Once I was finished with the buttons I slipped it off my shoulders, allowing it to fall to the floor. I undid my slacks and wiggled out of them, pausing for a second then reaching behind my back and unclasping my bra, it joined the rest of my clothes on the floor. My index fingers locked the elastic band of my thong and lowered it down my legs. I was standing totally naked between the two men and the TV, turning away from them I bent over, straight legged from the waist to pick up and fold my clothes, giving both men a perfect view of my ass and pussy. 

Charlie instructed me to come over and sit on the couch with them, I did without question, sitting between the two of them. Charlie said that I had not given Larry a very warm welcome so I leaned over, pressing my bare breasts against him and kissed him on the mouth, parting his lips with my tongue, exploring his mouth cavity with my tongue then sucking his into my mouth. In the meantime I had slid my had down to his crotch, massaging his hard cock through his jeans. When I broke away from the kiss I kept my hand on his cock and looked for Charlie's approval. Charlie said that he felt that Larry really needed a blowjob. I dropped to my knees at Larry's feet, undid his jeans, removed them along with his underwear and began stroking his cock as he stared down at my naked body. I began licking the tip of his cock which was covered in pre cum, savoring the sweet nectar, they should bottle that stuff, it is by far the best tasting cum. As I slid his big cock into my eager mouth, Charlie had moved behind me and was rubbing the head of his cock on the lips of my pussy, gently forcing it open and filling me with his magnificent cock. All three of us were moaning and groaning and squirming with the passion of the moment. Larry was the first to cum, he was about to pull it out before shooting but I pushed my mouth tighter to him forcing him to blow his load on my tongue, I quickly swallowed his cum and licked the remnants from the tip of his cock as his passion subsided. I returned his cock to my mouth and worked on reviving his hard on while Charlie continued to fuck me from behind. I was the next one to come , squirting my love juice all over Charlie's cock as it pounded my pussy, he came soon after me. When Charlie removed his cock I could feel our combined juices flowing from my cunt lips. By this time Larry was quite erect again so I straddled his lap, cum leaking on him and guided his hard cock into my sopping wet cunt. As I was bouncing on his rod, Larry was massaging my tits and sucking on them, occasionally nibbling on my nipples. I could feel another orgasm building g from within me but Larry managed to cum first, his warm sperm coating the inner walls of my womb and driving me over the edge. 

Once I recovered from this latest blissful treat, I looked over to Charlie to see if he wanted anything else. He instructed me to clean their cocks then I could go take a shower. As I left the room I hear Larry ask Charlie, you mean to say that she will do anything that you ask, he replied, anything. The shower felt great, washing the sweat and cum from off, I was joined, part way through my shower, by Larry, he came back for an encore. He took me up against the wall of the shower, the water stimulating my over aroused senses. When he was done he helped me finish my shower and thanked me as I got out to dry off. Entering my bedroom, the bed was way too inviting and I laid down, soon falling fast asleep. When I woke up I could hear Claire's voice in the other room, they were talking and laughing. I slipped on a robe and joined them. Claire said hi, she wasn't upset, then she said that she heard that I took care of the guys in her absence, she was sorry that she missed that show. We all sat around for the rest of the evening, there was some touching occasionally but the guys seemed to have had enough sex for now.

This was pretty much the way my life went on for awhile, fucking at home, work or even at the mall when I ran short on cash. 

The End. 

Luv, Traci.