 Wayne Reed walked slowly across the sidewalk to the pool area. Darkness had pretty much fallen and the subdued landscaping lights he'd had installed last year lighted his way. The glow of the lights in the pool also guided him, reflecting off the tall pines that surrounded his backyard. 

He paused his steps when he noticed Terri and Jason standing close by the patio table. Their arms were around each other's waist, and Wayne felt his cock harden as he watched Terri grind her hips against Jason. Wayne waited in the shadows, trying to hear their conversation, but could only grasp bits and pieces of it. The gist of it though, was that Terri was doing her best to convince Jason to stay and "swim". Wayne knew that Jason had been looking forward to his date with Terri, and also knew that his desire was more motivated by his hormones than his head. He was doing his best to convince Terri to leave with him, but Terri was quite convincing in her own way.

She continued to move her hips against his groin, all the time talking to him in muted whispers and smiling sexily at him. When he seemed to still hesitate, Terri moved to plan "B", and Wayne crept closer, being very careful not to make a sound.

Leaning back slightly, Terri reached between them and undid the sash around her beach robe. Then stepping back a pace, she opened her robe, placing her hands on her hips and smiling. Wayne could hear the groan that escaped from Jason's lips, and his own cock gave a lurch, pressing against his swim trunks.

"I promise you'll be able to see these better here than in your car..." Terri teased, smiling as Jason's eyes washed over her body. She looked fantastic in a tiny off-white bikini that encased and showed her tits to perfection. The sides of her globes were exposed, as was a generous amount of cleavage. Actually the top was nothing more than two small triangles made of very thin cotton. The bottom was of the same material...a single small triangle of cotton that barely covered her pussy. Neither Wayne nor Jason could see the back of it, but Wayne was quite familiar with the suit. In fact Jenny had worn it just last week, at a pool party with two other couples they often played with. Jenny had raised three raging hard-on's that night when she turned to show off the tiny white thong that ran between her ass cheeks.

By the end of that evening, the three couples were engaged in various forms of sexual activity, and Wayne was as proud as he had ever been as he saw the eyes of the other two men fixed on his wife's firm ass. 

That type of "soft swinging", having sex with others around, but not actually sharing partners, had been a part of their sex life for almost a year, and had always been enough to satisfy them. Tonight though, Wayne wondered. Jenny's heated comments about almost sucking Jason off in the upstairs office, made him think that maybe she wanted to take things a step further. And, as he had told her, the thought of watching her suck another man's cock turned him on immensely. Since Terri had expressed her desire to retain her virginity, he knew that things wouldn't go beyond the oral stage, and that suited him fine. He'd already experience Terri's cocksucking talents, and would have liked nothing more than to receive a complete blowjob from her.

As he watched Jason's hands move up to cup Terri's firm breasts, he fantasized about getting a blowjob from Terri as he watched Jenny sucking Jason's cock. His cock throbbed as he imagined the sight of his wife's mouth filling to overflowing with the young man's semen, and he had to physically shake the thought from his mind for fear he would reveal his hiding place. He smiled and turned his attention to the young couple standing in front of him.

Terri was smiling sensually, swaying slightly as Jason toyed with her tits. "Isn't this better than a cramped car...?" Terri whispered to him. Jason only nodded and stepped forward to put his arms around her. Terri laughed and stopped him, though. "Wait a minute..." she said softly. "That's not the only advantage to staying here..." Reaching her hands out, she quickly undid the top button of his pants and deftly pulled the zipper down. Reaching inside, she grasped his hard cock and straightened it out, allowing his pants to fall in a pool by his feet. Grinning wildly, Terri looked down at his shaft as her hands moved up and down it's length.

"I couldn't do this in a car either, could I...?" she whispered, looking up at him. Again, Jason only nodded dumbly.

"Or this...." Terri continued. Slowly moving downward, Terri squatted in front of her young man. His hard cock bobbed just inches from her face. She looked up at him and smiled again, rubbing his shaft lightly over her cheek. Her tongue snaked out, making sexy circles in the air, but not touching his cock. Jason groaned and began to move his hips, sliding his cock over her cheek.

"Wanna stay...?" Terri teased, flicking her tongue against his cockhead. "I'll make it worth your while..."

Again, Wayne heard Jason's groan of agony, then grinned as the boy nodded excitedly. "Good boy..." she said with a grin. Opening her lips, Terri covered Jason's pulsating cockhead with her mouth, sucking him fast and hot, her head moving from side to side as she sucked him into her mouth. She sucked him furiously for just a few minutes, then brought her hands to his asscheeks as she felt his hips begin to move.

Pulling him towards her, she held his shaft in her mouth as she kept her head stationary. Jason responded as much from instinct as anything as he began to fuck her mouth. His hips moved faster and faster, sliding his cock between her lips as she rolled her tongue over his plunging cock. Wayne's hand slipped into his trunks, his fingers curling around his own throbbing hard-on as he watched Terri suck her boyfriend off. There was no pretense in her actions. She wanted Jason to come in her mouth and come fast. And she was doing everything in her power to make that happen.

Wayne couldn't help himself. He opened his trunks and pulled his cock out, stroking it in the night air as he watched Terri suck. Suddenly his heart stopped as he saw Terri turn her head slightly and look directly at him just as Jason let out a low moan and slowly sank his cock deep into Terri's mouth. She choked slightly and her cheeks ballooned as she fought to contain Jason's flow. Wayne's eyes were locked on Terri's but he could still see her throat moving as she swallowed every drop of Jason's shooting cum. Only a small globule escaped her mouth, pooling on her lip and trickling over her chin.

Wayne's hand continued to stroke his cock as he watched Terri swallow her lover's juice. And he almost screamed when he felt the touch of someone's hand on his naked ass. Turning quickly he saw Jenny's grinning face in the shadows next to him. She motioned for him to be silent, then knelt down, opening her mouth wide and sliding one finger sensually over her lower lip. Wayne continued stroking his cock. He was too far gone to stop now and Jenny's invitation drove him over the top. He'd not intended on coming right then, but couldn't hold back.

Turning his hips to face Jenny, he smiled lovingly at her and directed his cockhead towards her open mouth as he continued to jerk himself off. Jenny was smiling with her mouth open. her eyes were focused on Wayne's cockhead as it disappeared, the reappeared in his hand. She could actually see the head swell just before a huge gout of semen erupted from the tip, sailing over the short distance and splashing thickly on her tongue. She merely knelt there, her mouth open, as Wayne jerked himself off into her mouth. She loved the sensual and subservient feel of simply being a receptacle for his masturbation. And, on the other hand, she had always loved the feel and taste of semen in her mouth.

As her mouth filled to the brim of her lips, Jenny simply tilted her head back, letting his cum flow backwards into her throat as Wayne finished his stroking. Then smiling tenderly, and looking into his eyes, she closed her lips and swallowed, showing her throat to her husband as his warm semen slid downward.

As calmly as she'd arrived, Jenny stood and stepped deeper into the shadows, drawing Wayne with her. "that was a nice surprise..." she whispered with a grin. "The perfect appetizer for Chinese food..." She kissed him, pressing her body against his as her tongue slipped deep inside Wayne's mouth. He sucked her tongue, enjoying the taste of the mixture of his own semen and her saliva. He'd grown to love that taste over the years.

She stepped back from their kiss and helped him stuff his cock back into his trunks. Wayne grinned as he watched his wife. She was wearing a black beach robe, making it impossible to see which suit she was wearing, but from the five inch black heels she was wearing, he knew that it was a hot one. That outfit was definitely not made for swimming.

After giving his cock a moment to go down a bit, Wayne took Jenny's arm and walked with her to the patio area. He smiled as he saw Terri and Jason sitting in two of the comfortable loungers, sipping calmly on a cocktail as if nothing at all had just happened. Terri had reaffixed the sash of her robe and was leaning back almost demurely in her chaise lounge. As he approached though, Wayne received a secret, knowing smile from her. She obviously enjoyed showing off for others, and Wayne was amazed at how quickly the young girl fit into their private lifestyle.

"I see you found the drinks...that's good. Tell me, Jason...was Terri able to convince you to reschedule your date?"

Jason looked over at Terri and the two of them smiled at each other. "Uh...yes, Mr...uh...Wayne...Terri's pretty persuasive sometimes. Besides, I agree that it's a great night to be outside. I'm looking forward to using your pool."

Terri placed her hand on top of her boyfriend's and squeezed. Wayne chuckled as he sat down and began some small talk with the boy. They chatted about football and various local sports and all during the conversation, Wayne noticed the boy's eyes stealing occasional glances at Jenny and Terri. Wayne knew that Jason was feeling just what he was...extremely lucky to be in the situation he was in.

Jenny poured drinks for herself and Wayne and moved to sit on the foot of Terri's chair. As the boys talked, Terri and Jenny did the same although it was a bit harder to talk with the boys there. The level of sexual excitement that charged the air like electricity made small talk almost impossible for Jenny. All she wanted to do right then was to feel a long hard cock pumping inside of her. Her mind wandered, fantasizing about Wayne fucking her from behind as she sucked Jason's thick cock into her throat. She remembered the thickness of it as she'd watched Terri suck him off earlier and wondered if she could take the whole thing into her throat. She knew she would love to try, but tonight she was determined to move slow. The last thing she wanted was to scare the shy boy away.

The sound of the doorbell shook her from her reverie, and she smiled as Wayne jumped up to get the food being delivered. After he'd left, she got up and retrieved the pitcher from the table and walked over to freshen everyone's drink. The gin was beginning to have the desired effect, and she was certain that it was effecting Jason and Terri in the same manner.

As she grabbed the pitcher, she snuck a hand to her robe sash, pulling it so that it hung loosely. The front of her robe separated just the right amount as she turned around, and she smiled as she saw Jason's eyes move to her breasts. They stayed there as she leaned over him to fill his glass, and she was sure they were on her ass as she turned to fill Terri's.

Jason felt his cock begin to rise as he saw Jenny turn around and walk towards him. He still wasn't sure what the game was, but he was beginning to get the feeling that something was. And he certainly enjoying the learning process. Jenny's black bikini was at least as tiny as Terri's and his cock lurched as he watched her breasts sway under the fabric as she walked towards him. Her sexy smile added to the moment and he almost groaned out loud as she turned to fill Terri's glass. The black thong of her bikini bottom was hidden between her ass cheeks and as she leaned over Terri her robe rose up, giving him a perfect view of her exposed ass. His cock was tenting the front of his pants and he quickly adjusted it before Jenny stood up straight again and turned towards him.

The three of them toasted to life and then Jenny offered a toast of her own...to pleasure. She smiled at Jason as she raised her glass, and the gleam in her eye made him begin to wonder again just what was going on. It was quite obvious that she was coming on to him. Hell, in the upstairs office, she'd curled her fingers around his cock and probably would have jerked him off...or more... if Wayne hadn't called from downstairs! She'd been very obvious about her playfulness upstairs...and was continuing with it now, in plain view of her husband.

And from the look in Terri's eyes, he thought that she probably was playing along also. As he thought to himself, he looked over at his girlfriend. She was chatting lightly with Jenny, but when their eyes met, she winked and smiled before returning to her conversation. She had let her robe fall open also, and was leaning back with one leg cocked up. She looked incredibly sexy in that bikini, and for just a moment, Jason felt a twinge of jealousy. After all, she was showing off in front of Wayne too! His jealousy melted away almost immediately though, as Jenny looked up and smiled at him.

"So...Jason...are you having fun yet...?" she teased. She leaned back slightly letting her robe part a bit more. Jason looked from her to Terri, then back again as he raised his glass and smiled. The gin was making him just a little braver. He let his eyes drop to Jenny's breasts as he exhaled a deep breath.

"I feel like I'm on an island with the Sports Illustrated models!" he said jovially. He took a long sip of his drink, feeling the gin warm his insides. "I've never sheen two more beautiful women in my life..." His words slurred a bit, and they all laughed, continuing to laugh as Wayne showed up with two large bags of food.

"C'mon...let's eat!" he said with a grin. "Shit, Jason...are you going to be the only one dressed tonight? Run into my closet and grab a pair of trunks while I set this out. We don't allow clothes in the pool!"

Jason stood up with Jenny and Terri. "Here..." she said, "Ill show you where the bathing suits are..." Taking him by the arm, they walked into the house as Terri helped Wayne with the containers of food.

"Thanks for tonight, Wayne..." Terri said as they set the containers around the table. "I'm having a great time. And I think Jason is beginning to loosen up too. The G and T's were a wonderful idea.

Wayne looked at her and grinned. "He seemed pretty loose when I walked in on you earlier..." he teased.

Terri looked at him and grinned. "That was fun having you watch us..." she replied. "I never realized how exciting it was to have someone watch you. That's another thing I want to thank you and Jenny for. You've really opened my eyes today. I mean I knew I always enjoyed it...but this is kind of like...doing it...on purpose....It's a total turn on!"

"Me too, Terri...me too..." Wayne replied, laying out four plates.

The smell of Jenny's perfume filled Jason's head as they walked to the master bedroom. He was trying his best to retain his control but his cock seemed to have a mind of it's own, rising in his pants as he walked beside Jenny.

Jenny led him to the bedroom and flicked the light on. "The closets over there..." she said, pointing the way. "Pick any suit you want...Wayne has quite a few new ones in there also..." As she explained, Jenny's eyes moved down, and seeing the tent in Jason's trousers, smiled sexily. "I'm sure they'll be the right size..." 

Jason saw Jenny's eyes fix on his cock as she spoke, and the last of his inhibitions washed away. After three gin and tonics, he was now enjoying this fully. Walking into the closet, he chose a pair of black cotton boxers and held them up to his waist as he turned to Jenny. She was on the other side of the room, leaning against the doorway, giving no indication that she was leaving. Her robe hung loosely at her sides, and she had one hand on her hip, almost posing for him.

"Think these'll fit....?" he said to her. Again his words slurred slightly and he gave her an embarrassed smile. Jenny smiled back and nodded.

"I'll bet they will...." she purred sexily. "Want some help...or you think you can manage...?"

No...I think I can manage,,," he replied. Jason hesitated, waiting for her to leave, but she stayed where she was, an excited expression on her pretty face. Unsure of the right thing to do, but having to make a quick decision, Jason tossed th trunks on the bed and pulled his shoes off. Seeing Jenny stay where she was, he too a deep breath and undid his pants. He was nervous and almost glad that they were on opposite sides of the bed. His cock was still quite hard and he was a little embarrassed to drop his pants in front of Jenny, but she was obviously not going anywhere and he was sure Wayne and Terri were waiting for him.

Tanking another deep breath, he shrugged his shoulders and let his pants drop, reaching immediately for the suit to cover his cock. Jenny's eyes widened as she caught a glimpse of his cock, and she smiled at his feeble attempts to keep it covered. She watched as he shucked his pants off and slipped his feet into the trunks. He began to pull them up, and for that moment, had to straighten up.

"Wait..." Jenny purred, making him stop. Her eyes were fixed on his hard-on... her tongue poking out to run over her lower lip. She stared at his cock as he stood there, her mind silently sizing him up...wondering again if that thing would fit in her throat.... Finally, she looked up at Jason and smiled as if nothing at all unusual was going on.

"Okay...let's go eat something...I'm famished all of a sudden.... There's a robe on the hook behind the door if you want it."

Grinning, she took one last look at Jason's cock, then turned in the doorway, her heels clicking in the hall as she walked back to the patio. Jason pulled his trunks up, grabbed his robe and followed her. He was still confused as to what was going on, but decided then and there to let his cock do the thinking for the rest of the evening... His face had a drunken buzz grin on it as he walked out to the patio.

* * * * *

Terri and Wayne had already started eating when Jason and Jenny joined them. The four of them dug through the containers with a passion, making small talk and laughing through the half hour it took to put it all away. The evening remained unseasonably warm, in the mid-eighties, through dinner. When they were through, Wayne got a garbage bag, and they all cleared the table, Wayne and Jenny tossing the trash, while Terri and Jason brought the left-over food into the kitchen. Jenny called out to Terri to ask her to make another pitcher of gin and tonic. When they'd left, Wayne took Jenny into his arms, hugging her closely.

"Thanks Wayne...that was great..." she said, moving her body against his. Wayne just smiled, loving the feel of his wife's body and enjoying the glow. "I'm so stuffed!" Jenny laughed, "I don't think I could eat another thing!"

Wayne grinned and stepped back. "Not one other thing...?" he said quietly, holding his robe open. The outline of his semi-hard cock was plainly visible in his trunks. Jenny smiled and stepped forward, letting her fingertips trail along it's length. "I always have room for this...." she purred. "In fact, I was thinking earlier about maybe having two helpings..." She smiled to herself as she felt Wayne's cock growing. 
