 Hi. I'm a nasty little girl named Linda, and I know what you're doing while you're reading my stories. My boyfriend Mike and I really get off fantasizing about watching you do it. Or helping you do it.

Like he usually does, Mike's playing with me while I'm trying to finish this introduction and submit the story. This time, he's standing behind my chair. He's already pulled my tee-shirt up to expose my breasts. Now, he's running his fingers in little circles around my nipples, getting them SO hard and swollen. 

It's a little game we're playing and we both love it. I try to finish submitting the story before he gets me so turned on I have to fuck him. Tonight, I'm determined to win, but it would be easier if I wasn't wearing gym shorts and no panties. Mike's finished with my breasts. Now, he's kneeling between my thighs and it's getting hard to concentrate on typing. This is going to be a short introduction. 

You know by now that I originally wrote these stories to email to Mike while he was away on a long business trip and we're really getting off on my posting them. 

I've gotten a lot of great emails about the stories. Lots of women don't want to get messages like "It gave me the biggest hard-on I've had in five years," or "I came three times while reading your story," but I love it.

Here are a couple of my favorites. "I loved the story, very good....I have never cum so hard from reading one...Keep up the good work" and "Wow...I just finished Tell Me About Dick and I LOVED it! Thank you so much for sharing. Thanks again for making my panties wet!" Thank you so much, Gayle and Sara! Big kisses on the body parts of your choice!

Thank you all! Keep 'em cumming!

Speaking of cumming . . . I win!

* * * * * * * * * *

The first time I saw a big stiff Black cock, it was in my boyfriend's mouth.

After I graduated from college, I moved in with Billy, who'd been my boyfriend for most of my senior year. We rented a little one bedroom house in the central city. The back yard was tiny, but it had a solid fence and tall hedges, so it was quite private. Billy and I had sex there frequently. 

I quickly established a tradition of "girls' night out." Every two or three Fridays, I'd go out with my friends. I never got home from these outings before midnight. Except once. Maria couldn't come because her baby was sick, Janna was depressed because she was fighting with her lover Nancy again and Virginia was called away to fix a systems problem at work. 

When I pulled up to the house at 10:00 PM, I was surprised to see that the lights in the living room were off. Billy had been planning to watch sports with Fred, a big beautiful Black man who'd been his roommate in college. Just as I was about to put my key in the lock, I heard a moaning sound from the back of the house. 

I slipped into the darkness of the back yard. The bedroom window curtains were open and the light on the nightstand was on. When I looked in the window, I was stunned to see Fred sitting stark naked on the edge of the bed. Billy was kneeling between Fred's legs, sucking his immense cock. 

At first, it seemed as if I was paralyzed. I couldn't move, only stare. My hands seemed to take on a life of their own. One lifted my skirt and the other slipped inside my panties. When I'd stimulated myself almost to orgasm, Fred suddenly pulled his cock out of Billy's mouth. It was even longer and thicker than I'd imagined when contemplating the bulge in Fred's pants during his previous visits. It was slick with saliva and pre-cum and visibly throbbing. 

"I know you want me to cum in your mouth," Fred stated in a husky voice.

"Yeah," Billy whispered, staring greedily at the cock inches from his face.

"I've got a big load of cum, but I don't want you to feel it shooting into your mouth," Fred continued.

"I really want to feel that hot juice spurting out of your cock," Billy replied. "Where do you want to shoot it?"

"You know exactly where - boy," Fred answered, standing up and stepping away from the bed.

"Yes sir!" Billy said, climbing onto the bed and positioning himself on hands and knees. 

Fred reached into the nightstand drawer and pulled out the bottle of lubricant Billy and I kept there. He greased his penis with one quick motion and pressed his cock head against Billy's asshole. Billy screamed softly as Fred entered him with one long slow thrust. 

I watched in fascination as Fred's mammoth tool opened Billy's butt and slid inside, inch by slow inch. "It's too big," Billy moaned. "It's tearing my ass open."

"Shut up and take it, motherfucker!" Fred shouted, slapping Billy's ass hard enough to leave a hand print. "Yo my little white bitch now and I don't want no mouf." His voice had changed from his normal highly-educated tones. "Yo getting' all this big Black cock up yo tight little white asshole." That's when I had my first orgasm.

Fred fucked Billy slowly, at first. Through the window, I had a perfect view of the giant brown cock sliding in and out of Billy's buns, gradually gaining speed. I was thrusting two fingers of one hand into my cunt and frantically manipulating my clit with the other hand, climbing from one orgasm to the next as I stared at Fred plowing my boyfriend's ass. 

Fred suddenly screamed and slammed his cock into Billy so violently that the bed shook. "Yeah . . . spray . . . that . . . hot . . . juice . . . up my . . . ass," Billy gasped as Fred rammed him over and over. 

Finally spent, Fred pulled his cock out of Billy's butt. It had softened, but remained partially erect. Fred moved to the bed and lay on his back beside Billy.

Billy straddled Fred's chest and began stroking his own hard cock. "You shot all that hot cum up my butt," he gasped. "You fucked me with that big Black cock. You jammed that monster dick in me so hard it turned my asshole inside out." Billy was shouting now as his fist pumped furiously. "You fucked me, fucked my asshole, fucked my asshole with your big Black cock . . ." An astonishing load of cum burst from Billy's cock, splashing Fred's chest and face. 

Billy collapsed onto Fred's body and they began kissing. I was near collapse myself, standing at the window in my rumpled skirt and soaked panties.

It was time for me to leave. I went back to my car and drove to a nearby shopping center. After I'd parked, I put some soft jazz into the CD player, took a few tokes off a joint and thought about what I'd seen. 

It was interesting that I didn't feel angry or betrayed, just excited. I'd heard that heterosexual men loved watching lesbians. It was obvious that I was really turned on by watching men have sex with each other. 

I didn't believe Fred and Billy were gay. Billy was incredibly enthusiastic about having sex with me and I'd often noticed Fred giving me hot looks, too. It was pretty obvious that Fred and Billy's relationship had been going on for a long time. I wondered where I fit in. 

Although I spent some more time thinking, the only conclusion I reached was that I really had to pee. I went into the bar in the shopping center, used the restroom, then ordered a margarita. A really cute guy came up to my table and offered to buy me a drink. I'd never let a man pick me up in a bar before, but I was really tempted this time.

His name was Rich. Over the next two hours, we had a couple of drinks and flirted shamelessly. Finally, it was almost 1:00 AM. As attracted as I was to Rich, I decided I should go home to Billy. Rich was disappointed, but gallant about it, especially after I asked for his phone number.

I left the bar, finished the joint and drove home. Billy was alone, watching TV in the living room and sipping a beer. "Did you have a good time, Honey?" he asked. 

"It was really interesting," I said, looking him over. He was barefoot, wearing only a T-shirt and sweat pants. I could see the faint outline of his cock through the fabric. He was obviously waiting for me to continue, but words failed me. After several seconds, I announced "I want something," and put my hand on his crotch. 

The first time, we did it in the living room. Then we grabbed a blanket and went out into the back yard. Finally, I dragged Billy into the bedroom and surprised him by greasing his cock, getting on the bed on my hands and knees and ordering him to fuck my butt.

All the time I was sucking Billy, I was thinking about how he'd looked with his lips wrapped around Fred's swollen shaft. Later, when he was fucking me, I couldn't escape the memory of watching Fred thrusting his giant cock up Billy's asshole. 

"That was great," Billy gasped as we were clinging together, finally spent. "You're always passionate, but I've never seen you this excited."

I decided this was the best possible time to tell him that I'd seen him and Fred. At first, Billy was freaked out, but I finally convinced him that I wasn't angry, just incredibly turned on. 

"I do think you've been greedy," I said. "Fred's so yummy and you've been keeping him all to yourself. I don't think that's fair. Do you?"

"No, it wasn't," he admitted. "Fred would really like to have sex with you, too."

"That could be arranged." My nipples were still hard, but I felt them growing even tighter as I remembered Fred's magnificent naked body. "Let's call him and . . . No, wait. I have a better idea."

* * * * *

"Hi Fred, come on in." I gave him a big hug as soon as he stepped inside. I always hug him. I'm really physical with people I like. Before, my hugs for Fred had been as non-sexual as pressing my breasts against a really hot man's body could be. Fred had always been a gentleman and pretended the contact didn't arouse him.

This time, I plastered my body against and held on until I felt a definite stirring in his crotch. I pecked his lips lightly as I finally broke the embrace.

"You're in a good mood tonight," Fred commented. "Where's Billy." He was looking around the living room, but most of his attention was on me. 

I was wearing a sheer short-sleeved robe that ended six inches below my crotch. My nipples were clearly outlined under the thin fabric. The robe, already loose, had opened more during our intense hug, revealing a wide vee of bare skin plunging almost to my navel. My hair was damp, as if I'd just stepped out of the shower.

I looked at Fred, admiring his body-builder physique for several seconds before answering. He was dressed in black sneakers, tight blue jeans and a form-fitting white tank top which showed off his muscular chest, shoulders and arms. "Billy's not here. He got a call from work a few minutes ago," I said. "The night manager is sick and Billy has to fill in for him. He asked me to phone you, but I couldn't find your cell number."

"That's too bad," Fred said, sounding really disappointed. 

"Yeah, it's a tough night for plans," I said. "We had to cancel girls' night out, too. All my girlfriends had last minute conflicts." I sighed and stretched like a cat, opening my robe slightly wider and showing even more cleavage. "You don't have to run right off," I said. "I'm feeling a little lonely tonight. I'd like it if you'd at least stay and have a glass of wine with me."

"OK," Fred agreed instantly. I swung my hips and worked my butt just a little more than normal as I walked into the kitchen. I knew without looking that Fred was staring as he followed me. 

I pulled a bottle from the small rack on the counter and set it upright. "I always have a little trouble with the corkscrew," I told Fred as I stripped the foil from the bottle's neck. "Would you come hold the bottle for me, please."

"Of course," he answered. I pressed my hip firmly against his as I opened the wine. My breast brushed his forearm as I turned to put the corkscrew away, pulling my robe open even further. 

I took a single step back and stopped. Fred stared at my chest as he turned to face me. My nipples were still covered, but the soft inner curves of my breasts were exposed. My heart was pounding and I seemed to be having trouble breathing. Fred's lust was a physical presence in the room. Slowly and deliberately, I gripped the sides of the robe and pulled it open, revealing my naked body.

Fred was still standing still. Only his eyes moved, up and down my body, taking in my already-swollen nipples and my closely-trimmed blond pubic hair, dripping with my juices.

We stared at each other for long seconds. "Kiss me Fred," I finally whispered. I put my hands on his muscular shoulders and pressed my lips against his. He thrust his tongue roughly into my mouth and I sucked on it greedily.

I melted into the kiss. It seemed to go on forever. I wanted it to. Fred finally pulled his mouth away from mine and placed his huge hands on my breasts, completely covering them. "I wish they were bigger for you," I sighed.

"Hush," Fred commanded. "They're beautiful and perfect." He bent down and began kissing and licking my breasts and sucking my nipples. At first he was gentle, but he became more aggressive when he realized I wanted a touch of roughness.

I was completely lost in the sensations his hands and mouth were creating in my tits. It was a shock when he suddenly grabbed my waist, picked me up and set me, legs spread, on the kitchen table. He dropped to his knees and thrust his tongue into my dripping snatch. I fell back onto the table. Within seconds, it seemed, I was on the brink of orgasm. When Fred placed a gentle finger on my clit, I exploded. 

Fred stood up when I'd finished. I realized he was still fully dressed, his turgid cock cruelly restrained by his pants and underwear. It took me several attempts to find my voice. "Take me into the bedroom," I finally gasped. He lifted me as effortlessly as if he were carrying a child. 

"Leave the lights on," I whispered as he placed me on the bed. "I want to see you."

It only took Fred moments to strip off his tank top, shoes and socks. As he removed his jeans, I stared in awe at the thick cock almost tearing a hole in his briefs. He groaned as I put my hand on his hardness, fondling it through the thin fabric. The big wet spot on the cloth covering his cock-head was growing larger every second. I began licking there, tasting and smelling his thick male sweetness through the briefs. 

Fred gasped, "I don't want to cum in my shorts," as he twisted away. He was standing beside the bed. I was kneeling on the floor in front of him. 

"No," I agreed. "There are so many better places where you can cum." I pulled his briefs down and stopped, frozen, staring in awe at his mammoth organ. I wrapped my hand around his shaft. My thumb and index finger didn't quite close around his girth. I placed my other hand on him. I was now gripping his cock like a baseball bat and his head was still exposed. I put my lips on it and began licking. A steady flow of pre-cum was leaking from his tip. 

My mouth was stretched, but his entire head was inside. He caught my hands and detached them from his penis. It was incredibly exciting and a little frightening as he slowly pushed forward. I was grateful when Fred stopped at the back of my mouth and didn't try to shove his length down my throat. He started fucking my face, slowly and gently at first, then faster as I learned to relax and take him. 

I had the dizzying sensation that my clit had grown a thousand-fold and I was sucking it. I wasn't touching myself at all, but Fred's mounting excitement was driving me steadily towards orgasm. I came as I tried to gulp down all the hot sweet-sour man juice he was pumping into my mouth. 

I suddenly went limp. Fred caught my arms, preventing me from falling backwards. He picked me up and placed me on the bed. Everything went black for a few seconds. When my vision returned, Fred was beside me on the bed, gazing into my eyes. "You have cum all over your face," he whispered affectionately.

"Damn. I wanted to drink all of it. I guess I'll clean myself off." 

I tried to sit up. Fred stopped me. "I'll clean it off," he said and started kissing and licking my face. I sank back on the bed, feeling like a cat being groomed by a companion. I think I fell asleep for a few seconds. When I opened my eyes, Fred was standing beside the bed, holding out a glass of water. I drank it greedily. 

"That was SO good," I purred.

"The water?" Fred asked, taking the glass and setting it on the nightstand.

"Of course not, silly," I giggled. "You know. Now, come fuck me."

Fred's dick was getting hard again, but he hesitated. "You're so small I'm afraid I'll hurt you," he said.

"I wouldn't have started this if I didn't want it all. I trust you. Please fuck me."

I was lying on my back. Fred straddled me and began planting tender kisses on my mouth, face, earlobes and neck, generating a warm, affectionate glow. The golden glow mutated into smoldering red heat as Fred worked his way down my chest, licking, kissing and occasionally gently nipping every square inch of my breasts, except my swollen nipples. 

I lifted my head and looked down at Fred working on my breasts. My nipples were astonishing. They were so long and swollen they resembled tiny little cocks. I couldn't believe they were mine, until Fred put his mouth on them and sent me straight into orbit.

Fred forced my thighs open and knelt between them. I didn't feel any fear or pain, just amazement at the way he was stretching my wet snatch far wider and filling me much deeper than I'd ever imagined possible. My body was slick with sweat. I was kneading my breasts roughly and rolling my nipples between my thumbs and index fingers as Fred slowly opened and filled me. When he finally stopped moving, I could feel his beautiful big balls pressing against my pussy lips. "I've taken you," I whispered. "All of you."

"Damn straight, Baby," Fred growled. "Now, I'm gonna fuck the hell out of your tight little blond pussy with my big Black cock."

I'd fantasized about Fred ever since I'd met him. After seeing him with Billy, I'd thought about him almost continuously. I'd never imagined him stretching and filling my cunt so thoroughly. It was wonderful, so much better than my dreams. 

Fred had entered me with exquisite slowness. Now he was withdrawing, equally slowly. I clamped my pussy muscles around his swollen shaft, trying in vain to hold him inside. Finally, he was almost completely outside, leaving his cock-head kissing my inner lips. 

"Oh Fred," I sighed, "I feel so empty. Put it back. Please"

"Don't worry Baby." He began pushing back in, just as slowly and gently as he'd withdrawn. I'd never imagined being taken by a cock as magnificent as Fred's. It filled my pussy completely, stimulating every nerve. He didn't need to angle his dick to rub my G-spot. It was included in the fuck package. The motion of his thick prick was pulling at my swollen outer lips, making them rub my clit. I was so wet, I could feel my juices running down toward my asshole.

Fred was moving SO slowly, probably taking a full minute for each in and out cycle, although each one seemed like an ecstatic eternity to me. I came for the first time when he bottomed out on the fifth cycle. I guess. It's not like I was counting. 

He was like a long heavy freight train. Starting so slowly you weren't sure he was really moving, then gradually, oh so gradually, gaining speed until he was rushing forward, a relentless unstoppable force. 

I'd never imagined being fucked like this. I was in perfect balance. Not cumming violently, I think that would have killed me. Gentle orgasm followed gentle orgasm, slowly building in intensity. I dizzily thought of foreign art films, with the shot of a train plunging into a tunnel. Fred was now driving into me just like that. 

Fred and I were both slick with sweat and gasping for breath. The big one was coming now. The giant orgasm that would change the universe as I knew it. Fred groaned and pounded me so hard my body was lifted and sent flying through the air. Or at least that's how it felt. He hammered me again and again as he flooded my cunt with lava-hot sperm. Galaxies spun over my head, exploding all around me, finally leaving blackness.
