 My friends and I had decided that, this year, we were going to plan out or costumes for the huge Halloween bash long before the party. We had sat down with our girlfriends and tossed around ideas; we wanted to go as a group, and wanted there to be a theme.

The problem was, that we kept running into issues with the ideas we came up with. We were six people; three guys and three girls. I'm white, while one of my friends is Black, and the other is Asian. My girlfriend is white, and a redhead, while their girlfriends are both blonds.

We didn't want to go with a generic look, and all wear the same thing; we wanted something that would allow us each to wear a different costume, but that would complement each other's costume at the same time.

About 2 months before the party, we still hadn't decided, and were about to call it quits and just go as Ghostbusters, when one night, while we were all sitting around smoking pot, we happened to come across a cartoon, and for some reason, started watching it. I recognized it as the Teen Titans, and had to explain to my girlfriend about it.

It was an episode with Terra, and they showed a scene with all six heroes standing around together. Even though I was pretty high, an idea popped into my head. I stood up, and looked at my friends, who both had a look on their face that told me that they knew what I was thinking. "We'll go as the Teen Titans." I said.

"Yeah!" Both my friends shouted, jumping to their feet.

"But there are only 5 of them." My girlfriend said.

"Yeah, but for a while Terra was a member; so that's six. And there are six of us; it's perfect." I replied.

I pointed to my Serge, my Black friend, and said, "He can be Cyborg; for obvious reasons." I then pointed at Mike, my Asian friend, and said, "He can be Beast Boy. And I can be Robin."

"Wait a minute. Why do you get to be Robin?" Mike asked.

"Because it was my idea, and Robin is white." I replied.

"Well so is Beast Boy."

"Yeah, but you're the shortest one here, so you have to play him. It would look stupid if Robin was shorter than Beast Boy."

Before he could say anything else, Mylene, his girlfriend, stood up next to him, and said, "It's okay, honey; I think Beast Boy is way cuter then Robin."

And that was the end of that argument.

We got to work on getting our costumes; mine being the easiest, because Robin costumes can be found at almost any costume store. But the other 5 costumes had to be made. Lucky for us, Mylene and Jesse, Serge's girlfriend, were majoring in fashion design; so they had the knowledge, and access to the equipment needed to make the costumes.

A couple of weeks before the party, we were done, and got together to try them all on. We were very happy with the final result, and couldn't wait for the party.

The day of the party, we all met at our apartment, and got dressed. The day before, my girlfriend had stayed home from class, and used a spray on tan, to try and make her skin look kind of orange; and it worked. I watched her as she changed, and saw that she had gone for the full body spray, and had no visible lines anywhere.

Once we were all dressed, we met in the living room, to check each other out, and take pictures. Satisfied, we jumped into two cabs, and drove over to the party.

When we got there, we walked towards the house as a group, and people looked at us; some even cheered.

As the party went on, we danced, and got drunk. We even ended up in one of the upstairs rooms, where people were doing all kinds of drugs; we all stuck to pot, though.

At some point, we decided to head home, and called 2 cabs. I got in the first one, with my girlfriend, Christy, and Mylene; while Serge, Mike, and Jesse got in the second. On the way home, Christy bent forward, and placed her head between her knees. I thought she might be sick, and didn't want her throwing up in the cab; so I was about to tell the cabbie to stop, when she sat back up laughing.

"Are you okay?" I asked. But she leaned over to Mylene, and whispered something in her ear, which made Mylene laugh.

"No you didn't?" Mylene said. "Let me see."

Christy then leaned over to me and whispered in my ear. "I forgot my panties at the party."

"What? How?" I asked.

"When we went to the bathroom, I forgot to pull them back up, and they must have slipped off when I walked out." She replied. "Look."

She sat back, and I could see that Mylene was bent over, holding Christy's skirt up, starring at her with her eyes wide open. "Oh my God; you did." Mylene said.

I could see that she had indeed forgotten her panties, and was sitting there completely exposing her shaved pussy. I was about to say something, when Mylene reached down with her other hand, and started rubbing Christy's pussy.

I was too shocked at what I was seeing that I couldn't think of anything to say, and couldn't take my eyes off of it, even when Christy pulled me into a kiss. I saw Mylene remove her hand and lick her fingers, before putting it back, and sliding a finger into Christy's pussy, making her gasp.

I looked to see if the cabbie had noticed anything, but his eyes were on the road ahead of us. When I looked back, Mylene and Christy were kissing now. Christy then placed a hand in my lap, and started stroking my cock through my costume. I nearly jumped, when Mylene removed her hand from Christy's pussy, and placed it on top of Christy's hand that was on my cock.

Before anything else could happen, the cab pulled over, and everyone stopped. I paid the fare, and got out. Mylene shouted, "There's my Beast Boy." Then ran over to Mike who was getting out of the second cab.

I pulled Christy over to the side, and whispered. "Babe, what was going on in the cab?"

"We were just having a little fun, Honey." She whispered back. "Don't tell me you didn't like it?" She pressed up against me, and placed a hand on my cock again. "Because I can tell that you did."

"That's not the point. What was going on with Mylene and you?"

Before she could answer, the others joined us. "Man that was one hell of a party." Serge said.

"Hells yeah." Mike said, and the high-fived.

We headed inside, and made our way to the living room. "I am so wasted." Jesse said, as she sat down on the couch.

"I'm so high." Mylene said, as she sat down on the couch next to Jesse.

I pulled Mike aside, and said, "Hey dude, can I talk to you in private for a moment?"

"Sure." He replied, and we headed into the kitchen. "What's up?"

"Ah, dude, I don't know how to tell you this, but something happened in the cab; something weird."

"Like what?"

"Well, Christy kind of forgot her panties at the party, and showed Mylene and me; but then Mylene started fondling Christy's pussy."

"Whoa; really?"

"Yeah; but that's not all. Then she started fingering her, while they made out. And then...ah, I don't know how to tell you this...then, she started rubbing my cock; it was through my costume, it never came out, I swear."

Mike didn't say anything for a minute, and seemed like he was thinking. Then he looked me in the eye, and said, "Well that makes sense."

"What?" I asked.

"She's told me several times that she thinks you and Christy are hot." He replied.

"What?"

"Yeah. She's been bugging me to ask you guys if you wanted to fool around."

"You're pulling my leg?" I said, not believing a word of what he was saying.

"No, I'm serious. She was the one that asked Serge and Jesse."

"Wait. She's fooled around with Serge and Jesse, and you're okay with that?"

He shook his head. "Not just her; we all did."

"Hold on a second. Are you telling me that you had a four-way with Serge and Jesse?"

"Yeah. Didn't you know?"

"No." I replied, shocked to hear this about my two best friends. "Does Christy know?"

"Probably. You know girls tell each other everything." Mike replied, then turned and headed back into the living room.

I was about to follow him in, when Christy and Mylene pushed me back into the kitchen.

"Christy was telling me that you were asking about what happened in the cab." Mylene said.

"Ah, yeah. I was just talking to Mike about that." I replied.

"Oh good; so did he ask you? Because Christy says she's totally up for it, but only if you want." Mylene said, reached down and grabbing hold of Christy's hand.

"I think it would be a lot of fun, Honey." Christy said.

"Hold on; this is all happening kind of fast." I said, leaning against the counter. "Are you saying that you want to have sex with Mike and Mylene?"

"And Serge and Jesse, too." Mylene said, before Christy could answer.

"Wait; all of you?"

"Yeah; why not?" Mylene replied, looking at me like I was asking something ridiculous. "I know for a fact, that Jesse things you're hot too."

"So you want to have group sex? All six of us? Right now?" I asked, looking right at Christy.

"Yeah; but only if you want." She replied.

"If you're uncomfortable about things, just make some rules." Mylene said. "Like Serge lets Jesse do anything except take it in the ass, and swallow. While he can't fuck any ass other than hers, and isn't allowed to cum inside anyone other than her. Other than that, anything goes."

I looked at her, dumbfounded. "And what about you and Mike? What kind of rules do you have?"

"None. We can do whatever we want to whoever we want. We don't even have to be there for the other one to fuck; as long as we tell each other the truth about it." Mylene replied.

"Are you trying to tell me that you guys have had sex with other people, and then told each other about it?"

"Not just anybody, only Serge and Jesse. Besides four-ways, we've both had threesomes with them."

"What do you say, Honey? Wanna give it a try?" Christy said, standing next to me. "If you want, we can even make a rule that I'm not allowed to fuck any of the guys."

"So, we'll just be having sex together in a room, while everyone else watches?"

"I said the rule could be that I can't fuck any of the guys..." She said, as she pulled Mylene against her. "...I never said anything about not being able to fool around with the other girls, or that you couldn't either."

She kissed Mylene, and it quickly turned into a deep French kiss. I could see their tongues wrestling with each other.

When they broke apart, Mylene said, "Well come on, already. The others have already started without us."

Mylene left for the living room, but I grabbed Christy's hand and held her back. "Wait a second. You really want to do this? It's not because you're drunk, or high; is it?"

"I've been talking with Mylene and Jesse about this for a while now, not just tonight." She replied.

"And you would be okay with me fucking Mylene and Jesse, even if you can't fuck Serge and Mike?"

"Yeah; I love watching you fuck. Why do you think I have so many mirrors in my room? I'd love to watch you fuck someone else; it'll be hot."

I couldn't believe my ears, but I was drunk and high, so I agreed to go along with it.

We headed into the living room, and found out that they had indeed started without us. Mike was sitting on the couch, naked from the waist down, and Serge had also removed the lower half of his costume. Jesse had the cowl of her Raven costume pulled back, and was sucking Mike's cock, while Serge had slid the bottom of her leotard over, and was fucking her doggy style, while holding onto her cape.

"So, you guys in?" Mylene asked.

"Yes, but Jeremy is a little uncomfortable, so..." Christy replied.

"I get it." Mylene said, before turning to the others and saying. "They're in, but Christy is off limits to the boys; only Jeremy and us girls get to play with her."

"That's cool." Serge said, not even stopping his thrusting. "You'll eventually change your mind; I did. At first I didn't want anyone else banging my Jesse, but when I finally agreed to it, and I saw how respectful Mike was to her; I never went back."

"Whatever you want, man. Don't feel pressured into anything; just do what you feel comfortable with." Mike said.

"Well, let's get started; shall we?" Mylene said, running her hands along my chest.

I looked over to Christy, who sat down in the recliner, and turned it to face me. She seemed to want to watch what Mylene and I were doing.

"Why don't we lose the utility belt?" Mylene said, as she unhooked the belt, and dropped it on the floor. She then pulled the front of my pants open, and reached inside them to grab my cock. She pulled it out, and gasped. "Oh my. Jesse, look what we have here."

Jesse stopped blowing Mike long enough to look over at my cock in Mylene's hand.

"We have us a nice, long, uncircumcised cock." Mylene said.

"Oh, nice; I can't wait to try it later." Jesse replied, and then got back to blowing Mike.

Mylene dropped to her knees, and started licking my cock, from tip to balls; and even my ball sack.

Again, I looked over at Christy, and saw that she had spread her legs, and lifted her skirt, exposing her pussy to the room. She was watching Mylene intently, and reached down to start rubbing her pussy.

I was shocked when Mylene slid her hand down my shaft, pulling my foreskin down, and exposing the head; she must have had experience with uncircumcised men before. She licked my head, and started sucking on it. I usually had to explain to women that it was okay to pull the foreskin down, and that it didn't hurt, instead it actually felt great.

I saw Christy smile, as she could tell exactly what I was thinking; seeing as she knew just what I liked. She reached up and lifted the front of her top up, exposing her breasts, and played with them.

Mylene started blowing me, and I was amazed at how much she could fit in her mouth. She wasn't even deep throating, and could almost take me all in. Christy had started fingering herself, and I could hear her whispering to herself. "Oh yeah; that's hot. Yeah, take it all in; that's right. Oh God, I'm so fucking horny."

Suddenly, Christy stood up, and kneeled down next to Mylene. She reached over, and pulled Mylene's Terra costume top up, exposing her breasts too. She then started playing with them, rubbing them, and tweaking her nipples; causing Mylene to moan, which I then felt while she sucked my cock.

She then reached down, and undid the front of Mylene's shorts, and slid a hand inside. I could tell do the sounds that Mylene was making, that Christy was rubbing her pussy.

Mylene stopped sucking my cock, and started kissing Christy, while still stroking it. Her free hand made its way between Christy's legs, and started rubbing her pussy.

Christy broke the kiss, looked at me, and asked, "Honey, is it okay of I try, you know, with Mylene?"

"Hunh? Oh, yeah, sure." I replied.

"Thanks." She said, standing up to give me a quick kiss, before kneeling back down next to Mylene.

"Hey dude, while they're busy, come over here, and let Jesse blow you; she's the best." Serge said.

I looked over, and saw Jesse lean back and whisper something to Serge.

"Really? Okay, we can try that." Serge said. "Hey Mike, lie down on you back; Jesse wants all three of us at the same time."

"Okay." Mike replied.

Jesse and Serge got off the couch, so Mike could lie down. Then Jesse climbed on top of him, and slid his cock in her pussy. Serge positioned himself behind her, and slowly penetrated her ass. She looked at me, and said, "Come here, and let me suck your cock."

I stood next to the couch, not wanting to put my balls in Mike's face, and she leaned over, and started blowing me. I had to admit, Serge was right; she was the best I'd ever experienced. She was actually able to fuck two guys and deep throat at the same time.

After a while, Serge looked at me, and said, "Hey, Man, I think your girl could really use your dick right now; she looks like she's about to explode."

I looked over my shoulder, and could see that, even though they were in the sixty-nine position, Christy was no longer working on Mylene, and was instead making the facial expressions she made whenever she came.

I pulled out of Jesse's mouth, and walked over to them. Mylene was on her back, while Christy was on top. I positioned myself behind Christy, and slid my cock inside her. She was already incredibly wet, and I could tell that she was almost about to climax. Mylene alternated between licking my balls, as they bounced against her face, and Christy's clit.

Suddenly, Christy cried out as she came, collapsing onto Mylene, breathing heavily. "Let me taste her on you." Mylene said; so I pulled out and let her suck my cock.

"I need a minute to catch my breath." Christy said, as she rolled off of Mylene, towards the center of the room.

"Alright, time for me to get some." Mylene said, spinning around, until she was lying on her back with her legs spread wide open in front of me. She started rubbing her pussy, with one hand, while stroking my cock with the other.

I looked over at Christy, who smiled at me and said, "Go ahead. I want to watch."

"Come on, Big Man; show me what you got. Let me see what Christy is always going on about." Mylene said, pulling my cock.

I figured that we had already done enough tonight, and there was no turning back now, so I leaned forward, and thrust into her tight wet pussy, causing her to gasp. I grabbed her legs, and started ramming her as hard as I could, watching her tits bounce with each thrust.

I looked over at Christy, and saw her watching us. She was biting her lip, and rubbing her pussy again. She had completely removed her top, and was lying there in nothing but her skirt and thigh high boots.

Mylene grabbed my arms, and tried to pull me down on top of her, so I obliged. As soon as I was face to face with her, she grabbed me and kissed me.

I pulled back, unsure if kissing her was okay. "It's fine." She said. "Mike doesn't mind."

Again I looked over at Christy, who nodded that it was fine with her.

I leaned back down and started kissing Mylene, while grinding into her.

Suddenly, I was tapped on the shoulder, and I looked over to see Mike. "Dude, lie down, and let her ride you." He said.

I did as instructed, and was once again enveloped inside her warm, tight pussy. I then saw Mike position himself behind Mylene. She let out a gasp, as he penetrated her ass.

She then started rocking back and forth, fucking us both at the same time.

When I heard Christy moaning, I looked over and saw that Jesse had her head planted between Christy's legs, and was busy eating her, while Serge fucked Jesse doggie-style.

"Oh God; I'm gonna cum." Mike said, and pulled out of Mylene's ass. Mylene got off of me, and kneeled down in front of Mike, taking his cock in her mouth and sucking him until he finally came in her mouth. I could see her swallow his load, and continue to suck him until he was limp.

While this was going on, Jesse disengaged from Serge and Christy, and climbed on top of me. She sat on me, reverse-cowgirl style, and started fucking me; while Serge stood in front of her so that she could blow him.

It didn't take long before Serge came in Jesse's mouth, and she swallowed it all too.

Serge joined Mike on the couch, and they both just sat there naked, catching their breath.

Meanwhile, Jesse continued to ride me, and Mylene sat on my face. I got busy eating her pussy, trying to make sure she came before I did. I could then feel something happening between my legs, and suddenly, a tongue was licking my balls. I figured that Christy had climbed in between my legs, and was now busy licking my balls, and Jesse's pussy.

Jesse's pounding started to get faster and harder, and finally she said, "I'm gonna cum."

"Oh God, wait for me." Mylene said. "Please, just hold it for a little longer; I'm almost there." She started rubbing her pussy into my face harder.

"Ok; but hurry. I don't know how long I can hold it." Jesse replied.
