 I walked into my church youth group for 18 to 21 year olds expecting to see the usual faces involved in the welcome, as I was late as usual. As I opened the door, I was shocked to see Anna and Ellie standing in the doorway, because they weren't in my group. They both beckoned me in, with a look of anticipation on their faces, which confused me.

I went into the lounge wondering what was going on, when I was grabbed from behind and blindfolded, by Ellie, I presumed. Suddenly there was a mass movement from in front of me, and I was dragged into the lounge. I heard the door click shut, and then there was silence. At this point I felt reasonably worried but also excited, even though I had no idea what was going on. Tender hands pushed me onto a sofa with the back reclined, a leather one. There was a slight pause, until a rope was passed around my hands and pulled tight. My feeling of helplessness increased, but so did my anticipation. A voice whispered into my ear, 'Now let's have some fun.'

I began to protest, but as I did, soft lips pressed against mine, taking my breath away. Gradually my lips were coaxed open, and a tongue entered, swirling around and wanting more. The kiss grew more passionate as I strained against my bonds to meet my invisible lover, but she pulled away slowly, giggling slightly.

I sighed as I knew my fate would be to be teased for a long time, even though I now knew what was in store. More giggles erupted, but I couldn't make out who was doing it. I felt warm breath running over my face; at least three girls were there, watching me, helpless to them. Hands started running over my chest, then circling my nipples until they grew hard. I gasped quietly at the new-found sensations, which provoked a wandering hand to start undoing the buttons on my shirt. Each new area of flesh revealed was kissed tenderly by many different mouths. It was clear that I was surrounded by more than just three girls. Once my shirt was fully undone and removed, my top half was kissed and loved like never before, until my nipples were completely erect. The part I enjoyed most, though, was when I felt several lips caressing my face, hungry for mine, licking my cheeks, neck and tongue. My arousal had begun to show elsewhere, so the passionate kissing finished.

The girls moved down my body, kissing and fondling all the time, until they reached my jeans. Several fingers began to roam over my fly, prompting the obvious reaction. My cock craved attention, but for all the teasing, they would not comply. I felt my shoes being removed, then my socks, which excited me, but it was not to be. However, my feet were now exposed, and the girls (who were still mysterious, apart from Anna and Ellie) took great pleasure in them. My toes were kissed and fondled, and then two girls began licking each foot up and down, tickling the soles as they did so. This turned me on immensely, even though it was slightly uncomfortable. The revelation of my ticklishness was quickly exploited, and I was straining against my bonds and the girls that held me down while my feet were tickled. Some moved from my feet to my still more sensitive stomach, and I writhed in pleasure/laughter for several minutes as their cute nails tickled me.

Having exhausted me, but increased my arousal, I heard Anna suggesting that I was rewarded finally. I grunted my approval, but any noise I made was smothered with a long, deep kiss. My jeans were slowly removed, revealing my just-above-average cock, a solid 7 inches. By this time it was fully erect and desperate to be pleasured. The girls did not oblige quite so quickly though. My boxers were licked and toyed with, even sharply pulled up at one point. My cock was straining against the underwear, especially when Ellie began whispering sexy phrases in my ear, heightening the arousal.

Eventually, the girls started to take off the underwear, and began work on my cock, what I had been wanting for at least half an hour. At first, two hands (different girls) massaged the base, while others cupped my balls and kissed my thighs. Ellie remained near my face, kissing me over and over. My groaning in between kisses suggested my pleasure, so the girls stepped it up. The hands moved more frantically, stroking the full length of my cock, and occasionally remaining around the head. Two others kneaded my balls, a totally new sensation, which nearly sent me over the edge. Luckily I held on, and was totally shocked when a solitary finger went up my asshole. The sensation was unlike anything else I had ever experienced, and it wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. The pace increased once I didn't show discomfort, and the orgy increased when I felt two pairs of lips kissing around my cock, taking turns to inhale it almost all the way to my sack. Ellie had stopped kissing me, because my grunts and groans had got too frequent for her. After the head, I let out a huge moan, and suddenly all of the pleasure stopped. I cursed in my head, and let out an exasperated sigh. These girls would not let me have it my way. I had a long kiss with someone, then I felt hands lifting the blindfold, and someone said 'The real pleasure starts now, baby.'

Part 2 coming up soon, comment if you liked/disliked, any suggestions welcome.