 It was past four o'clock in the afternoon as the bright sun shone through my office window on this warm summer day, beckoning me to free myself from the shackles of another long day at the office. Things had been winding down for the past couple hours, and the last person beside myself had just left for the afternoon. It was only Monday, but I had endured that much at least and was just about ready to go home where I would meet up with my girlfriend.

Before I could leave for today, however, I had to hold a supervision meeting with one of my employees. With any other employee, I would have been frustrated to have to stay past four o'clock to meet, but this one was different. In fact, I had purposely scheduled this recurring meeting late in the afternoon so everyone else would be gone, giving the two of us the office to ourselves. We held this meeting about once a week.

I saved my work and shut down my computer, now simply waiting for my employee to arrive. I'm sure someone or something was holding her back, probably a coworker who just wouldn't leave. Finally, I heard the door to my section of offices open, followed by footsteps toward my office door. At last, Abby walked into my office, a shy smile across her face showing her perfect white teeth. No matter how often we had these meetings or what depths of depravity we reached, Abby still remained the shy, sweet girl. Anyone else would think she was just young and innocent, but I knew better.

Abby closed and locked the door behind her, the light from the window shining brilliantly off her light brown hair that reached down to the 5'4" girl's shoulders. When she turned to face me, I asked her if we were in the clear, and she simply nodded her head, still smiling, her green eyes beaming. At this point, I stood up from my desk, my pants already feeling tight as I took the opportunity to study Abby's outfit. My 23-year old employee of two years but friend of five was decked out from head to toe: her makeup expertly accentuated her slightly freckled face, aided by silver earrings and a matching necklace. Her blouse was a tight blue button-down that she was unbuttoning as I gazed at her, revealing just a glimpse of a black lace bra underneath. My eyes traced down to her black pencil skirt that came at least two inches short of her knees and then down her creamy legs to her open-toe black high heels that were at least four inches tall. Her toenails matched her fingernails in a deep red shade.

Since Abby had been promoted about four months ago following an interview in which I and four of my friends did all manner of ungodly things to the young girl's body, we had been meeting almost weekly to satisfy our mutual lust that had burned between us throughout the course of our friendship despite the fact that she had a husband at home and I had just started seeing someone myself. Abby insisted her husband didn't mind, and, in fact, I had double-teamed Abby with her husband, then fiancee, a while back, so I tended toward believing her. In my case, I felt guilty for sleeping with two different girls who knew nothing about each other, but Michelle, my girlfriend had been part of my life for only a couple months so far and Abby, well, stronger men than I, I'm sure, couldn't resist the opportunity to ravish that lovely body, especially in one's own office.

In a minute, I was back on my ass in my office chair, and Abby was sitting on my desk right in front of me, her hands on either side of her ass, her mouth grinning from ear to ear as her right foot, still clad with her shoe, came up and first rested on my crotch, which appeared ready to burst through my khakis. Abby rubbed her toes gently against my cock through the fabric before lifting them up to my mouth. Her shoes alone were sexy enough to turn me on, so I was happy to play along for the first bit of foreplay.

Gripping the heel of her shoe with one hand, I pushed Abby's foot slightly closer and began to lick the tips of her delicate toes one by one. Abby giggled but didn't move as she and I held her foot in place. My tongue traced back and forth along her toes for a minute before I leaned forward and traced the top of her foot, what was revealed by the shoe, anyway, with my tongue and worked my way up to her ankle. Once I arrived at her shin, Abby pulled away from my hand and quickly stepped down from the desk, leaning forward into me and kissing me on the mouth. From there, our supervision meeting took off in a tangle of arms, lips and discarded clothing.

Following a blur of movement I could hardly comprehend and during which we had successfully removed each other's tops completely, Abby was lying on her back on my desk, her bare boobs heaving up and down as she prepared for me while I was pulling her panties down her legs, leaving both her skirt and heels on. All else that remained was her jewelry. I, on the other hand wore nothing except the pants and boxers that I had just pushed down to my shoes. My hands shook as I pulled the garment around Abby's shoes, one and a time until it joined her blouse and bra on the floor on the other side of the desk. Then I leaned forward to make out with my sexy employee just briefly as I pushed the head of my rock-hard cock into Abby's wonderfully wet pussy.

With one hand on the desk beside Abby's head and the other on the base of my cock, the head of my manhood first pressed against Abby's pussy and then pushed inside, eliciting a moan from the young girl. I leaned forward further, kicking off my shoes, pants and boxers desperately as I prepared to fuck my favorite employee. As I leaned forward, I let go of my cock which sank deeper and deeper into Abby. Abby grabbed my back with both hands and pushed me even closer to her, almost forcing my feet off the ground as we kissed passionately. At last, I was balls-deep inside the girl, who moaned through our kiss as she was yet again stuck by her boss.

I pulled away from the kiss so that I could stand upright while I held my cock in place, deep inside Abby's love canal as I adjusted to the tightness. My hands held onto Abby's hips, while Abby's hands reached out briefly for me before settling on the desk beside her, gently gripping its edge. Abby's legs were spread around mine and dangling toward the ground as I started to pull back, watching my cock, now shining in the light from Abby's juices, slide out of Abby's pussy until only the tip remained inside. My eyes darted up to Abby's, and we shared a smile before I pushed back forward and began to fuck her on my desk.

Abby's grip on the desk grew tighter as I thrust hard in and out of her as soon as my cock was fully lubricated from her secretions, which took only a few seconds. Before long, we were both moaning together in my office as I held onto Abby and pumped mercilessly into her over and over again. With each thrust she took, Abby's boobs shook up and down in rhythm with my movement. Her mouth hung open, and her eyes fluttered as she took the steady pounding from her boss.

After a few minutes, my hands switched from the girl's hips to her boobs, which I held in place with a good squeeze as I continued to plow her. Abby lifted her head up then and laughed a little, her eyes now fixed on mine as we made love in my office. During this moment, my mind swirled with mixed emotions: on the one hand, I thought about how I had nearly fallen in love with this girl only to be led on and watch another man take her; on the other, I was truly very lucky to still have sex with her - in my own office, no less - even if it was just hot, meaningless intercourse.

Abby's hands rode up my arms to my biceps as I still remained in place on her boobs. I felt her lift up her legs and, at first, wrap them around my waist, as I could feel her shoes pressed against my bare, sweaty back. Sweat was dripping all over me, actually, and I noticed the beads of perspiration that had formed between Abby's breasts and on her forehead as well, which threatened her perfect makeup. After a minute, one shoe poked up between my right arm and neck, and Abby rested her heel on my shoulder while the other stretched out past my hips. Abby then rested her head back on the desk, still holding onto my arms but now moaning even louder, making me suspect she was closing in on an orgasm as I railed her harder and harder on my desk until I was going as fast as I could, my balls slapping against her taint as I fucked her.

At last, Abby did cum. Her fingernails dug into my arms, her legs shot straight out, one over my shoulder and the other kicked up into my opposite arm. Abby clutched me and went rigid, her eyes closing as she came, a loud moan coming from her mouth. She was certainly loud enough to be heard outside my office, but I trusted that Abby had made sure we were safe. Brandon the security guard was the only one in the building, and having been one of the participants in Abby and my fun in the past, he had our backs.

As Abby enjoyed her orgasm, I stopped slamming into her only briefly so I could feel that incredibly tight pussy grow even tighter around my engorged member. Abby must have had the tightest pussy I had ever fucked, probably subconsciously one of the reasons I was now hooked to her despite our personal circumstances, and that tight feeling was a whole other level when she was climaxing. Now holding off my own finish, I slowly began to thrust back in and out of her on my desk as I fucked her through the completion of her orgasm.

Once the feeling subsided, Abby relaxed, lying back loosely on my desk, her ankle again on my shoulder and the other going limp toward the floor. Her eyes fluttered open and she smiled at me as I began to work myself back up to a frenzy, pumping back and forth in her twat.

"It's your turn," she said sweetly while her bright green eyes beamed. Without a verbal response, I slid my hands from her boobs to her shoulders and held her down against the desk as I started to thrust harder and faster, indicating to Abby that I intended to get myself to a climax of my own. Initially, I had intended to try two or three other positions for this session, but things had heated up so quickly that now it seemed the perfect ending to just keep the cute chick on her back on my desk until I was able to give her my seed.

Leaning forward as much as I could while keeping my feet on the floor, I pumped deep and hard into Abby, my balls once again slapping against her taint. I could feel the heat emanating from the sweaty flesh of her stomach and also her boobs as my upper body neared hers, and I even managed to get close enough for first a kiss and then a brief tease of each of her nipples with my tongue and lips, all the while pounding her pussy at the other end. Abby giggled, and it wasn't long before her amusement turned to arousal again. My bitch was moaning again in no time.

Beneath us, the desk creaked loudly, but I had no worries, as the furniture had this test several times before. Other than that noise, the only other sounds around us were those coming from us, including the steady smacking of sweaty flesh, the squelching of Abby's tight pussy, the rattling of her jewelry and our hard, pleasured moans. By this point, anything on my desk that hadn't been secured - papers, pens, the keyboard - had already fallen over or tumbled to the floor altogether.

Finally, I felt my climax coming, so I slowed down just a bit to hold off the end of our meeting. Abby was crying out again and clutching the desk rather tightly, encouraging me to see if I could get her off a second time. As much as I wanted to pull off that feat, alas, I reached my limit. For a second, I considered unloading inside the pretty brunette, but I had badly wanted to cover her face since the moment I had woken up today.

With no more self-control, I quickly pulled out of Abby's cunt and took my cock in my hand. "Fuck!" Abby yelled. "I was so close to cumming again!" Maybe next time, I thought, as I stood between her creamy thighs and beat off, pointing my cock right at Abby's face.

"No!" she cried. "Not in my hair!" Oops. Too late. Before Abby had even finished her plea, my load shot out like a missile and blasted the cute girl right on the left side of her nose. Another streak did launch up into her light brown hair accidentally and the rest covered her cheeks and chin before it tapered off and dropped out on her tits and then her stomach until my orgasm subsided.

"Sorry," I offered. "I just really wanted to do that today." Abby just laughed and sat up, cum streaming down her pretty face as she grabbed some tissues off my desk and started to clean up. I too got dressed and proceeded to get things back in order before the two of us took a few minutes to just cool down and chat before heading out for the day.

Just as we were set to leave, my office phone rang. It was Brandon in security who informed me that Michelle was here to pick me up. I had been expecting her to meet me at home, so I panicked a little because I didn't want her to know what I had just done with Abby in my office. I figured, though, that I would just tell her the truth: we were having our supervision meeting.

Michelle was sitting in the lobby when Abby and I exited the back offices. My first impulse had been for Abby and I to come out separately, but, given my alibi, there should have been no suspicion in seeing us come out together. I wished Abby a good night and headed over to my beautiful girlfriend of two months.

"To what do I owe this pleasure?" I said to Michelle as Abby walked past us, turning her head to smile and wave goodbye to us as she headed out the door.

"I was running late and wasn't far, so I thought I'd meet you here instead of your apartment." I could tell something was bothering her but she wasn't telling me. Instead, she just stood up and made her way to the door; I followed behind her. When we got to the parking lot, Abby was pulling out onto the street.

"What was going on with you and her in your office?" Guilt and nerves gripped me, but I was confident that there was no way she heard anything incriminating, not with Brandon's having my back. 

"Just a supervision meeting," I said. "She's one of my employees."

"So why was there cum in her hair? Michelle asked as we reached her car.

Naturally, at that point, I figured our relationship was done. I really was happy with Michelle too. Curse my uncontrollable lust, I thought! I just couldn't resist the temptation that Abby was, and the fact that Abby had a partner too had helped me justify it. Michelle, surprisingly, let me into her car so we could go out. Perturbed, she was, but she didn't seem as angry as I was anticipating.

I knew there was no point in lying about it, and if it cost me Michelle, that was the price I had to pay. As we drove downtown to pick up some drinks, I told Michelle almost everything about Abby, including our long-time crush that culminated in fucking her in my office and even our threesome with her now-husband. The only thing I really left out was the nasty gangbang, since I figured I had told her enough. Michelle stayed quiet but attentive as I told her all these things. I finished right as we got to the coffee shop, which is when Michelle finally spoke up.

"Do you want to make the bitch jealous then?" It wasn't exactly the response I expected. Michelle would later clarify that though the thought of my sleeping with another girl didn't thrill her at first, she understood that we never specifically said we were exclusive. In addition, what she gathered from what I told her in regards to my relationship with Abby is that Abby had hurt me in the past and made it difficult for me to let go. I think Michelle had it only partially right, but I wasn't going to correct her because I liked where this was going. And thus a plan developed.

On Wednesday of that same week I asked Abby to stay a little later again. I knew I was leading her to think we would be boning later, but this time she would not be accompanying me in my office. This time I wanted her to meet my girlfriend but not until after I had some alone time with my lady in my office. Prior to this late afternoon, I had had intercourse in my office with only Abby. Michelle said that not only did the thought of having sex in my office turn her on, but she figured it would make Abby jealous over me. I assumed Michelle gained some sort of satisfaction in this way. Even if my girlfriend was being vindictive, I wasn't going to argue. Like I said before, I liked where we were going.

Michelle arrived just after 4 o'clock, but there were still a couple lingering employees today. Regardless, I brought her back to sit in my office while we waited for the place to clear out. Brandon was working in security today and had been instructed to tell Abby, should she ask where I was (and I knew she would ask), that I was in my office with my girlfriend. Abby knew I had a girlfriend but had yet to be formally introduced. 

By 4:30, the building was clear except for Abby, Michelle, Brandon and me. Michelle and I were alone in my office, the door locked tight. It wasn't quite as bright outside today, but Michelle still looked stunning in the light that we had. At this point, I realize I am overdue in describing my girlfriend, but this moment is as good a point in time to share her appearance as any: she is 25 years old and short, really no taller than 5'3", but she is really pretty and in shape. One of her best qualities has to be a really nicely sized rack for a short chick, anyway. Since it was summer, her European skin was getting nice and dark, which only made her gorgeous brown eyes and medium-brown hair, which went past her shoulders, only more exotic in appearance. Today she had dolled herself up and sported an orange and white sundress that hung to her frame by just two thin straps, leaving plenty of cleavage accessible to me. The garment barely touched her thighs. Other than that attire, Michelle wore a bracelet around one ankle and a pair of off-white high heels that showed off her orange pedicures toenails, which matched her fingernails.

Michelle told me how wet it made her to anticipate getting fucked in my office, and that was it as far as meaningful words being spoken. Next, we were making out by the desk, and I pushed her back onto the desk, still kissing her passionately. My hand traced up her leg, but as soon as I tugged on her thong, Michelle pulled back slightly from my kiss and instructed me to switch with her. A few seconds later, I was leaning against the desk while my girlfriend squatted in front of me and pulled my pants and boxers away, exposing my hardening cock, which Michelle instantly took in her hand. Before I knew it, the petite girl was working my member into her mouth.

I sighed deeply, kind of hoping Abby could hear through the walls as Michelle's head bobbed back and forth, sucking my cock. The slurping seemed so loud that I wouldn't be surprised if it was that noise that Abby heard as, for the first time, her boss's knob was getting polished at work, and she wasn't the one doing the honors.

After Michelle got my cock wet and hard, she was ready to take it in her tight pussy. She pulled me out of her mouth, making a pop sound as the phallus came out of her. Then she stood up and asked me to help her out of her dress, which I did eagerly in addition to getting her out of her underwear. With Michelle's clothes discarded in a heap on the carpet, my girlfriend bent over my desk wearing nothing but high heels and an ankle bracelet. Nothing turned me on quite like a hot girl wearing nothing but high heels!

Michelle rested on her elbows on the desk, her lovely breasts hanging toward the surface and her short legs spread apart as I stepped up behind her, cock in hand. She looked over her shoulder at me, flashing her pearly whites as she flung her luscious hair over her shoulder to watch me as I prepared to enter her. Michelle and I had been having really good sex for a couple months now, but nothing we had done to this point was as exhilarating as what was transpiring now.
