 "Mmm, Daddy, I love your cock sooo much!" moaned the gorgeous, thin 18 year old, purring her words of adoration with her lips pressed against the throbbing, sloppy erection of her sexy father.  Fallon brushed her long, dark hair off of her face, her brown eyes looking past her father's fit abdomen and hairy chest, so she could smile warmly at his familiar, handsome face.  Seeing that her father was staring in satisfaction at the sight of his petite brunette daughter giving him another blowjob, Fallon dropped her eyes back down to the eight-and-a-half inch, super-thick erection in her small hands, throbbing heat against her tongue and cheeks.  "Gawwwd, Daddy, it's sooo big -- sooo big!"

Her perverted father only responded by pulling his meaty thighs back more, giving his teen slut more room to suck and lick his oversized penis and fat, cum-filled balls below.  Resting comfortable on his bed on a  summertime, weekend morning, his body gyrated softly, his muscular ass pushing his cock up and down in slow, steady motions, while his daughter to continue with her lavish cocksucking.

Fallon giggled at a thought, pushing her dark hair over her ears again.  She'd become addicted to big, adult male dicks -- married ones like Daddy's, and the nine others she'd sucked and fucked that summer.  Smelly and nasty, so hard and yet soft, burning heat and leaking precum, she couldn't get enough of them.  Her pink tongue traced a wet path up and down the soft, sensitive underside of her father's erection, sometimes flicking around his hairy balls too, or sliding in circular motions around his bulbous cockhead.  Then she'd wrap her thin lips around his awesome boner, tasting and smelling it, sucking it a few inches into her mouth until she couldn't fit any more.  Maintaining a vacuum pressure on it, she sucked hard while her tongue slid up and down and around the top of his shaft in her teenage mouth.

Finally pulling back, gasping for air, a stream of saliva forming a bridge between his cock's helmet and her lower lip until she wiped it clean, the brunette teenager took a moment to just visually admire the masculine strength and sexy power of her father's erection.  She didn't care it was her own daddy's; it was the hottest cock she got to play with.  If anything, the fact she still lived with her parents gave her more access to his married penis than she'd otherwise have.  For a week now, since her father first fucked her in a taboo orgy, she was sucking and fucking him every time her mom turned her back or left the house.

About the only thing more perfect that sucking her father's cock, Fallon snickered to herself, would have been having ANOTHER cock there too.

Only 18 years old, the slim, sexy brunette already had learned the pleasure of being able to get fucked by two hung married cocks at the same time....

CHAPTER 4:  Saturday, July 13

It was the Saturday afternoon, following her sex with Tanner.  Fallon was working at the pool again, and like all Saturdays, it was crazy busy.  But this day was even more crazy, because the Pavilion had been rented out for some big party.  It was a bunch of families holding a get-together, apparently a lot of the parents knew each other from their college days.

Fallon had never seen most of the adults before, but some of the men were hot.  She volunteered to be the pool's "hostess" for the party, talking to parents to find out what they needed for the party.  Where to get stuff, where to put food, where to plug in the music, that sort of thing.  A couple of the dads were pretty hot, and they definitely checked out her tits as she flirted with them in her skin-tight, lifeguard swimsuits. 

One of the guys was Rick, he was sort of the leader of the thing.  His wife and kids were running around, but since he was busy organizing things, he wasn't around his family much.  He was tall, with thick dark hair on his chest, powerful arms, and a sweet smile in his green eyes.  He also stared at Fallon's boobs and ass a lot, when she talked to him, so she enjoyed flirting with him.  She found out he lived about a half-hour away, and in her mind, that was close enough to see if he wanted to meet her some other day.  She promised to ask him when the event ended.

Only when the event was winding down, and most of the partygoers had left, he was not alone putting away the final boxes and left-over food into his minivan.  Another adult guy was there, someone Fallon hadn't really paid attention to during the party.  He was shorter than Rick, about the guy's age though, with dark curly hair, a fit wiry body, and a small mustache and beard that Fallon found a little sexy.  He turned out to be one of Rick's college buddies, who flew into town for the party, leaving his wife and kids back home wherever he came from.

Helping them bring stuff to their car, Fallon felt this other guy's eyes on her ass, while she leaned over to put down a box in the car.  She turned and winked at him, and he winked back.  She let him see her eyes trail down his body, to his crotch, sizing up a nice bulge there.  Then she looked back at his face, and she knew, he saw her check him out.  They were smiling at each other, blushing.  It felt like flirting.  Fallon, thinking that this guy wasn't all that bad either, gave a little snicker.  "So -- you staying with Rick in town, or got a hotel room--?"

"Motel, yeah, motel room," confirmed the guy, whose name later turned out to be Roland.  "You live around here?"  Fallon explained she lived nearby, but that she didn't have her own car yet.  Then she felt bad saying it, feeling even younger than 18.  Roland kind of looked at her like, wow, you're young.  So the brunette picked up her flirting, smiling warmly at him, "I don't got no place to go, my mom says I can go out with friends until later, but I didn't really make plans."  She let the thought linger, then with her hands behind herself, she arched her little body to push her A-cup titties in Roland's direction, tightly wrapped in her skin-tight, red lifeguard's swimsuit.  "You got plans now, now that the party's over?"

As she made a pass at the man, his taller, more sturdy friend walked up, putting the last box into the car.  He shut the door, then caught the funny smile Roland had on his face, and the nervous blush coloring Fallon's cheeks.  "What?" asked the second male, "what're you two talkin' about?"

Roland told Rick that their female friend was looking for a party, but didn't know of one -- maybe the two of them BOTH could help her out?

TWO OF THEM?

Fallon's pussy immediately juiced in her swimwear; he couldn't be serious, right?

Rick stared at her -- and her body -- and smiled, speaking in a quiet tone.  "How old are, you, Fallon?"  She said she was 18, but as she said it, she put her hands behind her butt again, sticking her tits forward.  The male's eyes roamed her body.  "Well, you're pretty young -- but not too young."  He and Roland grinned at each other, like some inside joke they both knew.  "You wanna come back to Roland's motel with us, hang out a bit?"

The horny brunette, now feeling nervous and out of her element by making a date with TWO men at ONCE, paused.  If it was just one guy, she'd have said yes in a hurry.  But two adult men?  One from out of town?  Her brain screamed, better say no -- this is too dangerous!

And her pussy said -- gimme both those big married cocks!

So Fallon grinned, acting all shy and innocent, and in a bashful voice with batted eyelashes, she softly purred, "Well, if you all think it's a good idea, I don't see what's wrong with it."

Nor was their anything wrong at all, of course, when fifteen minutes later she was on her back on the motel bed, totally nude -- Roland's married penis jammed into her mouth, while between her spread-open naked thighs, Rick was busy burying his married tongue into her teen twat.

"Oh, yeah, baby," coaxed the shorter, dark-haired stud, watching the teenager swallowing the top half of his erection, "mmm, you suck so good -- little cocksucker, aren't you?"  She nodded, coughing as she stuck more dick into her throat, smiling up at him with his penis filling her mouth.  "Mmm, yeah," she moaned, "you had a girl suck cock as good as me, and I'm only 18?"

The other pervert in the room admired her confidence.  Climbing to his knees on the bed, pushing his trunks off to take out his married erection, Rick spread open the girl's legs more and lowered himself to her bald, juicy twat.  "Well, let's see how your 18 year old pussy takes a married dick!"

"Uhh, yeah!" screamed Fallon, feeling Rick immediately driving his erection into her aching, sizzling vagina, "yeah, baby, fuck me -- cheat on your wife with me, baby!"

She was so fucking proud, getting two married men to fuck her at the same time!

While Rick started feeding his fat, six-inch erection to her tight, barely-legal vagina, his buddy Roland pulled his prick out of her mouth and bent down.  Fallon looked up, as the horny married male bent over and pressed his mouth against hers.  She barely had time to open her mouth before he shoved his grownup tongue into her teenage mouth, making out with her and stealing her breaths out of her lungs, while she felt Rick entering her even more deeply with his erection.  Her pussy stretched to accommodate Rick's fat shaft, she could feel the pressure inside herself as he slammed his body against hers to plunge his cock farther inside the high school student's cunt.  She was moaning in sexual delight, but couldn't breath, almost, her mouth sealed by the hot french kiss from the other male.

Her eyes looked up, seeing Rick staring down at her smallish boobies, and her face sealed tight with Roland's mouth.  The male having sex with her was enormously turned on at her thin, shapely body, and the youthfulness of her skin and face, while her ultra-tight twat was milking his throbbing, thick shaft each time he pulled out and slammed it back inside her.

The sex with the teenage girl sent Rick over his edge soon, causing him to squirt a copious load of baby-making sauce into her unprotected teenage womb, Fallon could feel his awesome cock exploding inside her, wave after wave of semen jetting out of his shaft inside her hole.  The entire time, Roland kept making out with her, sucking her tongue into his mouth or sliding his long tongue around the insides of her mouth.  She felt male hands pawing at her boobs, pinching her hard, short nipples, fondling her petite, perky hooters for added pleasure.

After Rick withdrew his spent penis from her vagina, it was Roland's turn.  Not breaking the kiss, he crawled over the nude teenage girl, opening the lifeguard's tanned thighs, and then sinking his equally fat, and slightly longer, rod inside her cummy, wet pussy.  She felt the extra size, as he filled her gushing vagina, squealing loudly into his mouth as this other man began having sex with her too.

As she spread open her thin legs to wrap them around the man fucking her, Fallon thought to herself -- I'm so fucking hot, I'm getting TWO men to have sex with me at once!

A few minutes went by with Roland screwing Fallon on top of her, the man and teenager making out like passionate lovers, until he leaned up and told her to "get on your fours like a bitch."  Her cunt was already sore, but she did as told, flipping onto her tummy then raising her petite ass to the ceiling, pushing herself up on her knees while she remained bent over with her elbows on the mattress sheet.  She looked back at the hot nude male, as he kneeled behind her ass, then she felt his cock at the entrance of her twat again.  "Uhhhh yeah!" she yelped, feeling herself getting stuck again by his penis as his strong hand grabbed her hips, holding her steady, letting himself slam his meat into her pussy again.

While Roland began fucking Fallon doggy-style, Rick slipped in front of her, sitting on his ass, offering his semi-hard, sloppy-wet dick to the 18 year old.  She smiled up at him, smelling the skanky aroma of his hot dick, and she gladly began licking up and down the shaft, tasting his sperm and sweat as well as her own pussy juices.  His thick cock was saturated in the mess, drooling the sexy slime from peckerhead to his balls, and Fallon dutifully licked up every drop on his penis.  She savored the flavor of what his cock tasted like coated in her pussy's aroma, and she looked up to see the married man getting turned on by her sucking him again.  Meanwhile, behind her, Roland continued his assault on her cunt, ramming his married dick into her teen body and causing her to shake and scream with each powerful thrust forward.

She saw the two men look at each other and smile, then they slapped hands over her body.  "Hot fuckin' teen cunt," Roland giggled to his friend, while the other married man agreed, "Nothin' like an 18 year old SLUT!"

Fallon grinned, too, proudly discovering that she was slutty enough to pleasure two grownup cocks at the same time.

Soon, though, she would get the greatest pleasure of HER life.  Roland kept her on her fours, but pulled his dick out to start fucking her asshole.  It was huge, really stretching her little butthole, making her gasp and whine at the feeling of the big boner in her butt.  Rick pulled her face off of his dick and crawled underneath her, so her nude little body was sandwiched between the two sweaty, hunky married males.  She almost couldn't believe it was happening, but it did -- Rick sunk his cock into her cunt, at the same moment Roland's prick was still buried inside her asshole.  She was taking two cocks at once!

"Ohhhhhhh -- fuuuuuuck!" screamed the teenager, never having experienced anything like that before.  Her holes were being ripped open, or so it felt; her lower body was filled with two grownup erections way too big for her.  She was screaming in lust, trying to keep her thighs spread wide enough as she straddled Rick so both men had room to fuck her.  Then the kissing began -- the men passed her face back and forth, taking turns thrusting tongue into her young mouth, while four male hands were fondling her naked boobs and sweaty asscheeks, groping her body as they simultaneously screwed her two holes.

The brunette slut was cumming over and over, gasping and whining as she felt orgasms ripping through her body.  Having sex with the two married studs at the same time was beyond anything she had ever imagined, let alone experienced!

From underneath her, Rick stared up at her face, admiring the young whore while she was busy kissing Roland, her head turned over her shoulder.  "You're so fuckin' hot, baby," muttered the man whose dick was in her cunt, "can't believe you're only 18!"

Roland broke the kiss with the girl and agreed, "Yeah, she's so young -- but so fuckin' good!"

Fallon didn't know what to say; she felt herself tearing up, getting emotional, not just from the orgasms and her already-weary body, but knowing that these two sexy married men found her so hot.  That they'd get naked with each other just to share her, it was the greatest complement she could think that two men could give her.

So she wanted them to have the times of their lives, even though her pussy and butthole already were getting sore.  "Fuck me!" screamed the girl at them both.  "Fuuuuuck meeeeee!"  She was ramming her small hips backwards, feeling herself slamming against a concrete wall as the two fit men were in unison slamming their pelvises forward, bouncing into her, making loud noises as her skin smacked against their skin.  Their dicks were so deep in her pussy and ass, she felt them almost up in her lungs it seemed, they were filling her young body so wonderfully.  Her orgasms kept pouring out, exploding through her body, making her dizzy with lust.

And that's how it would go, for well over two more hours, the men taking turns fucking her so that pretty much at all times she had cock in her pussy.  They only shot their cum up her cunt and asshole, and after each guy had four orgasms, she was a sloppy mess of male sperm.  And her body could barely move.  When they finally dropped her off at her house, she even had trouble walking up the stairs -- she couldn't put her knees together, and her thighs and ass were in pain from being spread open for three hours while her body got slammed by the two married cocks.  She had to sneak up to her bathroom and quickly shower, hiding from her parents what a skanky mess she was.

But, as sore as her holes and body were, she felt amazing.  She was even hotter than she'd ever imagined.