 When I was in college, I lived in one of those big houses that had a bunch of apartments in it. The two girls who lived across the hall from me (Ronnie and Bonnie) were sisters, and as an added bonus, they were twins. They weren't dazzling beautiful or anything, but they were very nice girls, and I'd probably categorize them as average in looks. Pleasant to look at, but their personalities made up for it. They always had a smile for me, were stopping by to see if I needed anything, just the regular stuff, groceries, laundry, or something picked up at the store. We spent a lot of time together the year they lived across from me, but one evening everything changed.

As a rule I didn't date much during grad school. I was pretty intense, focusing on getting out and getting employed after graduation. Ronnie and Bonnie, (I couldn't honestly tell them apart most of the time) were also pretty intense. They were seniors, and had tired of the dorm thing and moved to my apartment house to finish off their schooling in piece and quiet.

We were all starting to stress out towards the end of the school year. I had comps to study for, and finals were coming up right after spring break.

We were all broke, so we decided to just hang around the house and study.

The first day of break was very quiet. I decided to fix dinner for the three of us after a long day of studying. Steaks, salad, rolls, and even a bottle of wine filled us up and relaxed us. As it often did, our discussions turned to sex. Ronnie and Bonnie weren't virgins by any stretch of the imagination, but they told me that night there was one thing they had always wanted to do.

"David," Bonnie said, "we have something to ask you. Kind of a favor."

"Sure, I'll do what I can to help out. What do you need?" I had no idea what was coming, but they were both smiling at me. I should have suspected.

"Well," Ronnie said, "We're all friends, and none of us are currently dating anyone. We've all been too busy with school stuff. Bonnie and I want to well... I guess there's no really delicate way to say this. You know that with twins, there's a special, almost telepathic bond between us. When we look at each other, it's like looking in a mirror. What we want is for you to make love to each of us, while the other one watches. It would be like watching yourself having sex with someone you cared about."

I was floored. This is not what I had expected at all. Usually the girls talked about sexual topics in a pretty general way, leading me to believe that they were fairly private people, which was fine with me. Now I have both of them sitting across the living room from me, looking at me with identical expressions of curious interest on their faces. I had read about fantasies involving twins, but never thought I'd be presented with that situation.

"OK," I said, "but I want us to think about this overnight. If you're sure about doing this, come by tomorrow morning around 9:00, when we're all wide awake and clear headed. Then you'll be able to get the full affect. Does that sound reasonable?"

They both nodded at me, and as they left to go back to their apartment, I got very big hugs from both of them, and then two of the deepest kisses I had ever received. Sleeping was going to be a problem, but before I knew it I was up doing my morning routine.

Bonnie and Ronnie showed up right at 9:00. They were both smiling, and I could tell that they had both already showered. Their shoulder length hair was slightly damp, but I could smell the scent of "clean girl" right away.

For me, there's just no perfume that can do that smell of freshly scrubbed woman justice. Anyway, I could tell that they were ready to start, and I was ready too. Somehow I knew that when these two got something in their brains, or brain, sometimes I think they shared a single brain, they weren't going to stop until they had gotten what they wanted.

Before they had arrived, I had done some preparation. First, I had moved a very comfortable chair into the bedroom, where the view of the bed was unobstructed. I had also put some soft drinks in the mini fridge I kept in the bedroom, so during whatever breaks we had we could grab something to drink.

As I put my arms around both women, I asked, "So, who goes first?"

"I do!" said the girl on my left, and so the one on my right went and sat in the chair and got comfortable. They were wearing matching sweats, and I was fairly sure that neither were wearing underwear. As I slowly undressed my first volunteer, I was rewarded with a view I hadn't expected. I was correct after all. No underwear. Her breasts were very firm, with a slight sag to them. They were larger than I had suspected, and the nipples sat high on each breast, and as they were exposed to the air they came right to attention. I started by caressing her face, and slowly moving my hands through her hair and down her bare shoulders. I ran my hands lightly around each breast, but not touching the nipple. My subject was leaning into my caresses, and pressing her breasts into my hands. I moved on then, sliding my hands down to the waist of her sweats, and slid them quickly off her.

There she was, in all her naked glory. her eyes were closed, and her legs were slightly parted. I was surprised to see that she had the largest bush of pubic hair I had ever seen, and I could see her juices beading on her hair.

Now, this was their idea, but I had a surprise or two up my sleeve as well.

I then turned to our observer and took her by the hands and brought her out of her chair.

"It's your turn now. Nobody will be clothed while this experiment is going on. I'll undress you next, and if you get chilled while you watch, you'll find a blanket next to the chair." She didn't protest, and so I undressed her in the same manner. I noticed that her sister was watching, and spreading her legs even farther apart. She was first, and she knew it, but watching me undress her exact duplicate was making her very hot.

As I slid the sweatpants off the second girl, I found their secret. They weren't identical after all. This one had shaved all her pubic hair, and even had a tiny clit ring piercing with a medium sized bead that probably rubbed against her clit when she wore anything slightly tight.

"I'm Ronnie, and now you'll be able to tell us apart, at least in private."

she said grinning. She gave me a soft kiss and whispered, "Make love to Bonnie, and I'll tell you what she's thinking and feeling." With that, she scampered back to her chair, and put her hands behind her head to watch.

I then took Bonnie onto the bed and quickly got out of my clothes. After undressing two attractive women, my cock was already at attention. I took Bonnie into my arms and started kissing her slowly and deeply.

"Oh, we love to be kissed deeply David. Your lips are so soft. Please lay us on our back and kiss us everywhere." Ronnie said. Bonnie's eyes were closed, and her mouth was busy. I rolled her on her back and knelt beside her. I kissed her from the tip of her nose, around her neck, and down her breasts to the nipples I hadn't yet touched. I spent lots of time there, while my hands wandered and explored. As I parted her lips with my fingers, I heard twin gasps, and Ronnie said from the corner, "Please taste us and tease us with your tongue."

This was not the time for argument, so down I went. Bonnie's scent was musky and very exciting. Under all the pubic hair were large lips, and a very lovely clit. I bent down and ran my tongue from the lower end of her slit to the top of her clit, and felt the shudder of pleasure go through her. I did that a few more times, spending extra time at the top of her clit, flicking my tongue lightly across it.Every time I did this, I still could hear the gasp from Ronnie sitting in the chair.

"Take us, oh please take us," Ronnie begged for both of them. I glanced over at her, but she was still in the same position, not touching herself, but she was hot too.

I placed the head of my cock at Bonnie's entrance, and very slowly slid inside her. When I was buried to the root of my cock, she couldn't stay quiet any longer. She started moaning, and started rocking her hips slowly.

We moved together that way for what seemed like hours, but was probably only 10 minutes, and the pace and strokes got more intense, but not really faster, just harder. Amazingly enough, we came very hard, and together, nearly screaming into each other's mouth while we shared a deep kiss and orgasm.

"That was incredible!" Ronnie said. I came with the two of you. It was like I could almost feel David's cock inside me. Now it's my turn Sis."

Bonnie gave me a last soft kiss, and got off the bed. As they passed, the girls embraced, and shared a very deep kiss of their own. That sight alone started to get me hard. It was so strange, seeing these twins showing their love to each other. They broke the kiss, and I saw their hands come up from their crotches, and each put their fingers, wet with their own juices, into the other's waiting mouth. When the fingers had been licked clean, they kissed quickly and Bonnie sat down on the chair, and Ronnie came to me.

I wasn't sure what to expect, but this day was going to be full of surprises. Ronnie came over to me, climbed on the bed, and pushed my shoulders over so I was laying on my back.

"We have more to show you David." I heard from the chair, and knew that Bonnie was now the narrator. Ronnie had stretched out next to me, and started nibbling my ears. I could feel her breath and hear her tongue lick my earlobe softly. My ears have always been a weakness, and now my cock was back to being rock hard again.

"Look! He's ready for us so soon!" Bonnie said, and I felt Ronnie glance at my cock and start to move down that way. When she got there, she started sucking me very hard. Bonnie said, "We can taste us on your cock, and taste you mixed in too. It's so good!"

I wasn't idle here either. Ronnie's ass was within my reach, and I ran my hand over her backside and between her cheeks. Not only was Ronnie's pubs shaved, but she had taken time to shave every strand of hair she could find.

Even the crack of her ass was smooth, and I started teasing her clit a little, but then started playing with her asshole, pushing the tip of my finger in just a bit. When that happened, Bonnie almost screamed in delight, and she actually couldn't see what my finger was doing. This was truly amazing.

Ronnie had been sucking my cock and balls, and started crawling up to my face to give me a very hard kiss. This was obviously not going to be the same as Bonnie. Right before Ronnie broke the kiss, she took my lower lip between her teeth and bit it hard. She then positioned herself over my cock and nearly slammed herself down on me. She pounded her pussy onto my cock over and over, and it was a wild feeling. I could hear each of them grunt, and between grunts Bonnie was saying, "Oh Gods, fuck us hard! Let us ride you and take you!"

As Ronnie was riding me, her motions changed slightly to give her clit more contact with that tiny little bead. Once she did this, her body started to tremble and shake, and she rode me even harder. She was quite a sight to behold. Her head was back, eyes closed, pumping on my cock as hard as she could. Her nipples were hard, and her breasts were bouncing with her rhythm.

I couldn't stand it any longer. I grabbed Ronnie's hips and slammed her down onto my cock as I pumped my load into her. When she felt my juices pulse inside her, she screamed and came along with me, and then collapsed onto my chest.

Soon I felt Bonnie join us, and Ronnie rolled to the opposite side of the bed.

Right then I was the meat in a twin sandwich. The two girls leaned over me and kissed each other and said together, "We'll keep him for a while." and then they both turned and kissed me.

Needless to say we had lots more fun for the rest of the school year. I'll never forget those two. I don't know where they are, but if they decide to come into my life again, I'd make room for them.