 Seeing her father's eyes locked directly on her body in her nightie and panties, the slender 18 year old with small tits kneeled on his bed between his spread-open thighs, her own eyes glancing at his throbbing, fully-engorged, oversized penis. Fallon's petite hands were cupping her A-cup breasts through her nightie, showing the shape of those perky, teenage orbs to her sexy, middle-aged father, creating noticeable bumps where her stiffened nipples poked through the fabric. His daddy-cock twitched, glistening with her saliva from a very sloppy blowjob, wanting more of his daughter's loving attention.

"Daddy," purred the slutty teen, groping her boobs while her hips undulated slowly and suggestively, "I need you sooo badly this morning -- mom's gone all morning -- I've been so fucking horny, please, please, let me fuck you today!"

The long-haired, tanned brunette snickered at her request. Ever since an incestuous foursome a week earlier, she'd been sucking and fucking her father every day, multiple times even. Any time they could get together behind her bitchy mother's back, or better, when she left the house. Fallon had become addicted to married, adult cocks that summer, and her father's eight-and-a-half-inch, super-fat erection was the best of all of them.

Lying on his back on his bed late that summertime Saturday morning, her perverted father grabbed his naked penis and stroked it with his powerful fist, excitedly watching his daughter showing off her body in her tight nightie and pink, cotton panties. "You want me to fuck you again, hmm, missy -- you wanna show me how badly you do?"

"Yesss!" the girl growled back, anxiously. She immediately yanked up her nightie, ripping it off of her body, exposing her creamy, soft 18 year old tits with light pink areoles and small nipples. As she spread her knees apart, kneeling upright in front of her father, the dampened crotch of her panties clung tightly to her shaved pussy inside. The teenager squeezed and fondled her naked breasts while her daddy watched, then she slithered a hand down to her pussy, rubbing it through her panties, her eyes rolling with desire. "Uhhh -- please, daddy, I'm sooo fuckin' horny this morning -- I need your cock sooo fucking badly!"

Her hot father snickered, his eyes riveted at the sight of his daughter's petite hand fondling her own cunt through her tight panties. "And what's got you so extra horny today -- or are you just extra-horny like you are every day?"

The teenage brunette threw her head back, her shiny, lengthy dark hair bouncing behind her petite shoulders. "Mmm, I'm always extra-horny -- but really, really extra-horny this morning." Giggling at what she knew and he didn't, Fallon thought about her morning already. She woke up at her best friend's house at a sleepover, and licked some of her hot blonde friend's pussy before leaving that morning. Having found her mom at home but preparing to leave for shopping, Fallon bided the time by playing on her cell phone, texting men to look for a sex partner later that afternoon, and even having phonesex with one of her Daddy's friends, whom she'd fucked a couple weeks earlier.

But she let her Daddy know only a part of her escapades that morning. "So, Daddy, before I left Gracie's house this morning," she told her father of her busty blonde friend, "her mom was downstairs? And we were in her room -- she looked so good in her gymnastics leotard, all tight on her hot body and those big boobs you love so much -- so I couldn't help it, I peeled off her leo and shoved my tongue up her tight, teen pussy -- I made her squirt juices in my mouth, Daddy, it made me sooo fucking wet -- and now, I need your cock to get me off, like I got Gracie off!"

To tease her father further, she peeled off her pink panties, exposing her bald, shaved 18 year old vagina, its pink lips dripping wet already, releasing a powerful aroma into her father's bedroom. She saw him salivate at the sight and smell of her wet cunt, and his oversized, pulsating red dick in his fist began leaking precum from the huge, mushroom head.

Fallon knew it was only going to be a few more seconds, before she had his father's penis inside her vagina. There was no doubt he'd fuck her. All the men fuck her -- exactly as she wanted. And, like with her father, sometimes Gracie was helping her get what she wanted, just as happened earlier that summer....

CHAPTER 5: Sunday, July 28

Getting TWO married studs to fuck her at once gave Fallon the confidence to really go for what she most wanted.

What she really wanted, based on her observations of all the married men bringing their families to the neighborhood pool where she worked as a lifeguard, was this one particular stud. His name was Dave. He was 36 years old, and would come around the pool most days with his two little kids. He was a doting father, never doing anything more than paying attention to his kids. But he was all man -- tall, fit, rugged, strong, muscular. He wasn't like a professional athlete, but his body didn't have any flab on it, and his shoulders and arms looked like they were made out of steel. He had one tattoo on his one upper arm, that was it. His dark hair was always combed nicely, and he wore expensive sunglasses all the time, even in the pool. Fallon noticed he drove a Mercedes Benz to the parking lot, he definitely had money.

She'd been eyeing him for about three weeks, noticing that he barely interacted with anyone at the pool -- other dads sometimes, and perhaps a polite word for a mom, but that was it. He wasn't picking up chicks, he wasn't even really paying attention to them, he was just helping his little kids have fun.

Man, she wanted Dave to fuck her so badly!

The Monday after Rick and Roland double-fucked her, Fallon started flirting with Dave -- or, trying to. He didn't talk back much, when she made cute comments around him. She'd stare at him, but he wouldn't stare back. She arched her back, he didn't ogle her tits. It was maddening!

Fallon got more aggressive. She was a pool employee and didn't want to get in trouble by hitting on a grownup who didn't want attention from a teenage girl, but she couldn't believe that a virile, sexy adult male wasn't interested in a horny, 18 year old slut like her. The very idea didn't compute. So, one day when she wasn't working at the pool, she still went to it -- hoping to find him. Indeed, he came by with his kids, playing in the shallow end with them. She casually sat on the edge, watching him and his kids, hoping to make small talk. He smiled at her a few times, maybe responded politely, but basically didn't seem interested that she was there.

Fuck, what was his problem? Fallon wasn't sure how to get through to him. So, being too immature to figure out a good solution, she just approached him directly, as he was leaving the pool with his kids. "So, I have to say," she said to him outside the building, looking around to make sure no one was approaching, "you're a hard guy to get to know -- I keep flirting with you, and you don't flirt back!"

She bit her lip, waiting for his reaction -- hoping he wouldn't get mad.

He didn't act surprised, but instead he gave her a big, warm grin, although his eyes were still hidden beneath those sunglasses so she couldn't really know he true reaction. "Oh, I know -- I'm sorry, I don't mean to embarrass you -- but, you know, a pretty girl your age, I just don't want any trouble, that's all!"

Opening? "No trouble at all," playfully purred the girl, arching her back once more, showing the shape of her titties in her tight, white bikini, "I mean, who's to know?"

But he didn't respond. He just smiled at her, and took his kids to his expensive car, and left.

FUCK! That made Fallon mad.

She gave up on him. It had been a couple of weeks since the double-fuck, and in that time she met up with Erick once, Tanner once, and Rick a couple of times. Married boner was still so much fun, even if it wasn't the first time each guy fucked her.

It was the last Sunday afternoon of July when she was at the pool again, not working but there to have fun, hanging out with one of her best friends, Gracie. The girl also was 18, a gymnast by trade -- she had a thin, tall body that was all toned muscle, with a tight core (stomach area), fit shoulders, and a muscular, small ass. Gracie was gorgeous, too, with thick lips, triangular face, big blue eyes, and golden-blonde hair halfway down her slender back. Gracie also had tits that were too big for her narrow chest, sporting 34C cup breasts that stretched out whatever she was wearing. Gracie never had any trouble getting male attention; and she usually liked it, although she, too, was tiring of the teen boys. More recently, she'd started dating college-age guys, although her mom very much disapproved. "All they want is sex," Gracie's mom had said to the two girls, driving them home one day from the pool. "Duh, yeah," Gracie had quietly responded towards Fallon under her breath.

That particular Sunday, the girls were seated side by side on the edge of the pool, wearing their skimpy bikinis, talking about nothing in particular. Teen boys had tried to get their attention, but they were dorks, and the girls ignored them.

And that's when Dave came to the pool -- alone!

Fallon watched him at first, removing his t-shirt in a corner of the big deck, picking out a chair. His bronze, muscular body was perfect. He had those sexy sunglasses on, his dark hair flawless as usual. And no kids! Instead, he laid on his back on a deck chair, covering his manly chest with suntan lotion, then he picked up a book to read while his iPhone pumped music through his earbuds into his head. Just a day to relax by the pool, apparently.

"C'mon," Fallon said to her sexy blonde friend, dragging her too. Maybe, two hot teen girls was enough to entice one sexy married stud.

"Hiya," Fallon said as they neared Dave. Fallon found a couple chairs next to him, indicating for Gracie to take one. This might have been too obvious, but Fallon wasn't old enough to understand the concept of subtly. "Mind if we sit here?"

The married stud looked up at her, then at Gracie, seeing the two teenagers in their tight, string bikinis. Fallon thought she saw him smile. "No, go ahead -- nice to see you again -- what was your name?"

"Fallon." She did a curtsey for him, then giggling, pointed at her busty, blonde friend. "This is Gracie. Gracie, this is -- wait -- I forgot your name?"

Dave told her. His head was aimed at his book, but she thought she could see him looking at their bodies out of the corner of his eyes, behind his sunglasses.

Gracie played along, seeming to understand what Fallon was doing, while Fallon worked her magic. She got Dave to start chatting, and he was much more relaxed and casual without his kids there. After a while, she coaxed him to taking her and Gracie to the snack shack and buying them ice cream. It worked with other men, and worked with him. She could feel his eyes on their butts, in their tight bikini bottoms. He was flirty, too, laughing and making jokes.

When they'd finished their ice cream, standing around the food patio about to go back to their lounge chairs on the deck, Dave paused. Fallon sensed him being a bit anxious. He looked around, under his sunglasses, before lowering his voice to them. "Fallon, you trying to flirt with me again, today?" She giggled and admitted, that MIGHT have been her plan? He smiled warmly. "Well, my wife took my kids to her parents for the day -- I'm a bachelor, basically, until sundown -- so, I might be way out of line here, but -- can I ask, you two girls got plans this afternoon?"

Fallon wanted to pump her fist -- finally, a response from Dave! Even if it took Gracie's presence to help. "I dunno about her," she said of her blonde friend, now wishing she hadn't brought Gracie along, "but, I don't have to be home until after dinner."

"Me, too," chimed in Gracie.

Dave looked around again, and his voice was still quiet. "So, I hate asking -- how old are you two girls?" Upon being told they were both 18, he smirked, the answer as low as he wanted but still sufficiently high enough that he could proceed with his intentions. "Shit, you're both young -- but, you know, not that young -- if you two wanna, you know, maybe go out for pizza, or come hang out at my house, play on the Wii or Xbox, that might be cool, if you want."

Bingo. "Yeah," the horny brunette answered for her busty blonde friend too, "that might be cool."

Thirty minutes later, the two girls were on their knees in his basement TV room -- in front of him, looking up at him, both of them simultaneously licking his fat, six-inch penis that wasn't all that long, but was extremely thick, all the way from the base to his bulbous cockhead.

"Mmmm, fuck," Gracie spat, tasting an adult cock for the first time, sucking his messy cockhead, "that's so sexy!" Her thick lips were dripping with precum, as her pink, teen tongue licked around his cockhead. She gazed at Fallon's eyes, right next to hers, for moral support.

Fallon was peeling off her bikini top, showing off her perky, teen breasts to the sexy married man, then she leaned down, stuck her tongue out, and started suckling Dave's fat balls again. She licked up to the shaft, her lips meeting Gracie's at the cockhead, and the two teenagers started licking and sucking his cock at the same time, back and forth, feeling him rock his powerful hips and jointly fuck their lips together.

The stud snickered at the teen sluts on their knees in front of him. "Do you teens like making out together?" he inquisitively suggested, and seeing them both nod with their mouths on his dick, he pulled his cock backwards, leaving the girls licking air. "Good," he spat, pushing their heads together, "then -- make out with each other, lemme see it, ladies!"

Fallon had fucked, but never made out with, one teen girl in her lifetimes, and alcohol had been the ultimate culprit of that sex act. She'd never made out with Gracie, nor even talked about it. But Fallon was so horny, smelling and seeing Dave's hot, married cock, and Gracie was herself so beautiful and sex -- it was natural. Gracie must have felt the same way. The girls wrapped arms around each other, kissing deeply, tongues in each other's mouths, making out to turn on the hot male. Fallon was getting wet in her bikini bottom, and french-kissing Gracie was making her horny even if Dave hadn't been there.

Dave wanted to see some lesbian action, so he had the girls strip each other nude and sit on his sofa. He stood there, watching, staring, as the 18 year olds kept kissing each other, and their petite hands began rubbing each other's wet, shaved pussies and fondling each other's breasts. Dave told Fallon to lick and suck Gracie's big tits, and Fallon gladly did so, shoving as much of Gracie's C-cup breasts into her mouth as she could, while continuing to pump her fingers in and out of Gracie's wet, shaved pussy.

"Mmm," the married stud moaned, watching intently, softly jerking his fat dick, "I can't believe, I have teen sluts doing each other!"

The brunette broke the kiss, turning to lie on her back and spreading her legs, revealing all of her pink pussy to the man. "Mmm -- this teen slut wants you to do me too -- stick that big dick in my tight cunt!" Wiping saliva from their kiss from her mouth, Gracie leaned back, giving room to the adult man if he wanted to have sex with Fallon.

He did. The nude male stepped forward, leaning over his leather sofa to lower his penis to Fallon's teen cunt. "You're so fuckin' hot," he muttered to the brunette beauty, "you gotta be, making me wanna fuck a couple of teen pussies!"

"Yeah!" She grabbed his muscular ass, leaning forward, to pull him into her aching hole. "Fuck my cunt, baby, fuck it with your big married dick!" She was so wet for Dave, she looked up at his face almost crying. "I want you to cheat on your wife with both of us -- fuck our young pussies!"

Dave growled and shoved forward, fucking her, while next to her blonde Gracie started frigging her clitoris, totally turned on to watch Fallon having sex. Dave pounded Fallon's tight, young twat with his fat cock, stretching it wide open, getting Fallon to have several orgasms. Then, Dave just switched, pulling out of the brunette, leaning over the blonde, and sinking his fat married shaft into Gracie's tight vagina. Gracie had never had a cock so thick in her before, and she was so turned on from watching, she orgasmed immediately. She let Dave kiss her hard, shoving tongue in her mouth, while he played with her large, C-cup hooters. When he broke the kiss to lean up and keep fucking Gracie, the married man had Fallon lean over to keep kissing Gracie, and then to lick both of her tits back and forth. Dave leaned upright while fucking Gracie on her back on the sofa, pushing Fallon's brunette hair down more, shoving Fallon's mouth southward. Soon Fallon found her tongue and lips right over Gracie's cunt, where Dave's cock was shoved inside it. Fallon stuck her tongue out, tasting Gracie's pussyjuices, and also feeling his cock fucking her at the same time.

That's what he wanted, but Fallon didn't have room to really lick it good. So Dave changed the position, sitting on this sofa and having Gracie sit on him backwards, "cowgirl-style," so her slim back and muscular, small ass faced towards him. As she spread her tanned, tight thighs, and leaned back, Fallon could kneel on the floor between his legs and watch as Gracie's shaved pussy sank down on his dick, directly in front of Fallon's face. It smelled and looked so nasty, the teen slut couldn't help herself. She leaned forward and began licking Dave's hot, fat balls, then up his messy, wet shaft, and she licked both Gracie's clitty and Dave's penis while the blonde gymnast was humping that dick, sliding up and down it. Meanwhile, Dave reached around Gracie's body, fondling her big teen tits, playing with them as he probed deep into her cunt.

"Ohhh, fuck, YESSS!" screamed Gracie, having a cum, her juices smearing like bubbles all over his penis -- and into Fallon's mouth, as her teen friend continued to lick the married stud's dick and balls, and the blonde's pussylips.

Dave had Gracie continue to ride him backwards a while, then had her turn to face him. Now he could stare at her big tits, and not only fondle but suck them. Behind Gracie, Fallon stared at the blonde's tight teen ass, with Dave's fat cock shoved into her twat. Fallon continued to lick his balls and shaft, but as Gracie rocked herself back and forth, her ass kept slamming into Fallon's face. She didn't need to be told what to do, it just felt natural. Fallon stared at the clean, puckered, brown little butthole on her friend's ass, and Fallon put her mouth over it and jammed her tongue inside. Gracie squealed, feeling now not only Dave's penis inside her vagina, but also Fallon's tongue up her asshole.

Fallon felt so dirty and nasty, fucking this married stud and her girl friend like this -- it was new, different, and she loved it! Not as much as two cocks at once, but, it was still fantastic sex!

Dave had an orgasm up Gracie's twat, and he made Gracie lie on her back and spread her legs open afterwards, then Dave ordered Fallon to put her mouth over Gracie's cunt lick the sperm out. It tasted nasty and stanky, but Fallon was more horny now, licking Dave's sperm out of her friend's bald, shaved pussy. Gracie even had an orgasm from Fallon licking her that way. With her mouth full of his semen mixed with the pussy juices, Fallon didn't swallow -- instead, she went up to give Gracie a huge, wet kiss on the lips, shoveling spermies into the girl's mouth. Gracie took the cocktail of male sperm and girly juices from her friend's mouth, swallowing them while the two bitches continued to make out.
