 When Wayne and Jenny walked into the living room, they saw Terri and Jason on the couch, kissing passionately. Their robes were open and their hands moved over each other's bodies in a smooth rhythm. Jenny smiled appreciatively as she saw Jason's hard-on sliding through Terri's hand. 

"Boy! You kids just can't stop, can you! Sheesh! If I didn't know better, I'd say you were ready for more!"

The pair broke their embrace and grinned back at Jenny and Wayne. "Just getting to know each other a little better, mom..." Terri said with a laugh. Spying the camera in Wayne's hand, she sat up. "Oh! Home movies? I hope their not of your vacation to Yosemite Park..."

Wayne gave her a disapproving look, then smiled. "No, my dear...those would be boring...except for the one of us in the gondola..." he said, winking at Jenny. "No, I think you might actually like these..." He set the camcorder on top of the big screen T.V. and proceeded to hook everything up. Jenny motioned to Terri to follow her.

"Come on and help me with something, Terri..." she said with a mischievous grin. "Electronics is man's work... Jason, give the old man a hand, will you? He gets confused sometimes..."

Terri laughed and jumped up, following Jenny out of the room. Jason stood up, adjusting his robe and walked over to Wayne. It only took a minute to attach all the right cables, then they sat back down. Wayne walked into the kitchen and returned with a frozen bottle of Cuervo Gold and four shot glasses. Pouring two shots, he handed one to Jason as he sat back in the loveseat beside the couch.

"I've got a feeling you'll enjoy seeing these, Jason." he said raising his glass in toast, then downing it. "Although one of them might surprise you... I still think you'll like it, though..."

Jason downed his shot, shivering slightly from the tequila. He set his glass on the tray and looked at Wayne with a wide grin. "Would that be the one of Terri and I in your office?"

Wayne looked shocked for a second, then burst out laughing. "You knew?" he asked in amazement. Jason nodded and continued. 

"Not at the time, certainly, but I heard strange noises coming from the closet. Not a lot, but it made me wonder. Then I saw the video camera later, by the pool..., and when I put two and two together, I figured that the noises were from Jenny or you taping us. I'm kind of anxious to see it, actually. Terri and I have never taped ourselves..." He thought for a moment, then added, "Actually Terri and I have never done most of the things we've done tonight! I'm still kind of blown away by what's happened. It's like some kind of fantasy party or something!"

Wayne nodded with understanding. "Yeah...we tried to go easy on you, but you seemed to go with the flow pretty quickly..."

"Kind of hard not to with two girls like Jenny and Terri..." he laughed. Wayne chuckled in agreement, then turned to the doorway as he saw a motion. "Good lord..." he muttered, "Hang on to your hat, Jason..."

Jason followed his eyes and took a deep intake of air. Jenny was standing in the doorway to the hall, with Terri slightly behind her. The two girls presented a vision more erotic than either man had ever scene. Or could recall at the moment, at least.

The girls walked sensually into the living room and stood before the men, posing for them in their outfits. Jason had never seen Terri in lingerie like this and it made his cock stand on end. A tiny white bra encased her firm tits in semi-transparent lace. Her nipples were clearly visible through the thin fabric, and Jason sighed again as she stood before him, her legs slightly parted, and cupped her breasts with her hands. "You like...?" she teased, following his eyes with her hands. As they moved down her body, she cupped her pussy with both hands, letting her legs part a little more as Jason's eyes moved over the thin panties and matching garter belt. He continued downward, almost panting as he took in her white stockings and heels. Slowly, his eyes retraced their path, drinking in the sight of her until he looked into her smiling face.

"You do like..." she whispered, placing her hands on her hips and staring at the hard-on that jutted up from his robe. "I'm glad...." She let him look a long while before turning slightly. "You can thank Jenny for lending it to me..."

Jason's stunned gaze moved to Jenny and again his cock lurched. She was wearing a similar outfit, her long legs encased by translucent white stockings held by a tiny garter belt. She'd decided not to wear panties, and her naked pussy looked fabulous, framed by the small strands of garter. For a top, she'd chosen a very thin, cropped cotton t-shirt that formed around her perfect breasts like the softest silk and did very little to hide them. 

Seeing Jason staring open-mouthed at her, she smiled and raised her arms over her head, causing the cotton to rise up over her tits, exposing her hard nipples. Jason sighed his approval, and behind her Jenny heard Wayne moan softly. Grinning, she bent at the waist, grasping her ankles in an amazing display of agility as she looked at him through her wide-spread legs.

"Remember what we talked about earlier...?" she teased, rotating her ass in front of him. She slid one hand up her leg to her pussy. Using two fingers to spread her lips slightly, she pushed her middle finger between them, wetting it with her juices, then stretching higher until the tip of her finger pressed against her tight asshole. She smiled at the look of pure lust on Wayne's face as she slowly pushed her finger inside her ass to the first knuckle.

"Still wanna do that...?" she taunted. Wayne didn't need to answer, and they both knew it. Jenny could plainly see the way his cock immediately grew to full hardness and bobbed in front of her face. Smiling triumphantly, she dropped her hand and stood up. "I think he does..." Jenny said to Terri in a stage whisper. She looked over to Jason who had a slightly confused look on his face. He didn't know exactly what Jenny was talking about, but the view from his vantage point was plenty for him. And he was certain that, whatever it was, would be extremely hot.

Jenny chose to share the information with him, though. She was most definitely in the mood to tease...and Jason was a perfect subject. She sauntered over to him and stood before him. Her hand moved under her top, fondling her breast as she stared deliberately at Jason's hard cock. Then raising one foot, she leaned forward, placing it beside his seat. Her other hand moved down to her naked pussy, just inches from his face. Jason stared, his breathing labored as Jenny toyed with her pussy...sliding her finger slightly inside and making short fucking motions.

"I was being rude over there, Jason..." she said softly. Her voice was pure sexual velvet. "Wayne said earlier that he wanted to fuck my ass tonight...." She paused as Jason gasped, and slid her finger deep inside her pussy. She shivered from the feel of it, and also from the way Jason was excitedly watching her fingerfuck herself.

"I told him that I'd love to feel his big cock in my ass...fucking me...Mmmmm...." Her eyes closed as she moved her finger in and out. When her eyes opened they were lust-filled slits, burning with passion. "But I said I wanted to suck that thick cock of yours while he fucked me..." She smiled as Jason groaned and reached down to stroke his cock. She was driving him crazy and loved it. "Would that be okay with you...?" Again she didn't wait for an answer. "I want to suck you off while Wayne fucks my ass... I want you to come in my mouth right when his big cock shoots off in my asshole....Mmmmmnnnn...."

Jenny's finger moved faster inside her pussy. Her head tilted back as she slid a second finger inside, then let out a low moan as her orgasm washed over her. The smell of her cum wafted through the air, making Jason react instinctively. His hands reached out, grasping Jenny's asscheeks as he pulled her to him. He slouched down and positioned her pussy over his mouth as his tongue shot out. Jenny squealed with delight and pulled her hand away as Jason buried his tongue inside her pussy, licking and sucking her juices from her as she ground her pussy against his face.

Terri felt a momentary flash of jealousy as she watched Jenny coming in her boyfriend's mouth. But the passion with which he was sucking her pussy quickly changed her feelings to desire. Jason had never eaten her pussy with such fervor only because she'd never given him the opportunity. Seeing how he enjoyed drinking Jenny's cum made Terri smile. 

She felt her pussy getting wet as she determined to give him that opportunity as soon as possible. They were both learning a lot about themselves and each other this day, she mused. Jason's obvious love for sucking pussy was just another exciting facet of their learning. Sitting down on the arm of Wayne's loveseat, she smilingly watched Jason eat Jenny.

After a few moments, Jenny stepped back and grinned at Jason. "My my..." she said, her chest heaving delightfully, "That was quite wonderful...you've got some talent there, Jason....My...my....my..." She was grinning and trying hard to regain her composure. Jenny preferred to be in control and silently berated herself for letting go so easily. On the other hand, she'd just had a terrific little orgasm and was glowing inside. Nonetheless, she stepped away from Jason and stood in the middle of the room.

"We'll have to try some more of that later....Mmmm....." Jenny winked at Jason and gave him a flirtatious smile, then turned to Wayne and Terri. "So....ahem...Let's see what's on T.V., shall we?" She took Terri's hand and led her to the couch, sitting her beside Jason before sitting down herself. Terri was impressed with Jenny's ability to compose herself and grinned at her friend. Wayne slowly got up and moved to the television. Turning it on, he took the remote control from the camera and turned to sit on the couch beside Jenny. As he walked towards them, both Jenny and Terri admired his long cock, jutting at an angle from his robe.

Wayne pressed "play" and the four of them turned their attention to the screen. The first ten minutes of tape were from a pool party that Wayne and Jenny had hosted a couple of weeks ago. Most of the shots were hand held, and offered a number of scenes of Wayne, Jenny, and two other couples laughing and drinking by the pool. There was a lot of teasing and fondling going on between the various couples and, as the tape played on, the action seemed to get more and more intense. 

Then the scene shifted to focus on one of the couples. They were by the pool, the guy sitting on the edge with his feet dangling in the water as a beautiful blonde swam close in front of him. They were both naked. The camera zoomed in to the blonde's as she said something to her guy, then swam up between his legs.

Terri watched, enthralled, as whoever was taping moved to the side of them as the blonde's smiling face looked directly at the camera, then moved to the guy's lap. The camera jiggled a bit as the cameraman moved closer to capture her as she closed her lips around the guys hard cock.

"Wow...." said Terri softly, "I think that's the biggest cock I've ever seen...." Jenny grinned at her and nodded her agreement, then placed her hand on Terri's thigh, just above her stocking. "You ain't seen nothin' yet, girl...watch what she does with it...."

Terri answered with a curious smile, and turned back to the screen. The girl was licking the long shaft, holding it to her face with one hand while steadying herself with the other. At the same time, she was staring into the camera, knowing she was being taped. The cock in her hand was indeed huge...it had to be at least twelve inches long, Terri thought. The head looked like a tennis ball, and when she wrapped her lips around it, Terri could see that they were stretched to the max by the thing. Nonetheless, the blonde slid her lips over the massive cockhead and began to bob her head slowly. Saliva dripped from her lips, and Terri and Jason watched in amazement as inch, by inch, the huge shaft began to disappear. In a matter of moment, the blonde had captured six or seven inches of cock in her mouth and was sliding her lips up and down it. Rivulets of saliva and pre-come ran down the shaft, making Terri wonder how there could even space between lips and cock to let the liquid escape. The microphone was capturing the wet sucking sounds, and also the low groans of the guy. The camera began to jump around a bit, creating a mild distraction, and Jenny giggled.

"I was sucking Wayne's cock while he was taping...." she explained with a laugh, "I guess I got carried away..." Finally, the camera steadied again, and zoomed out from the girl's face, showing her full head and shoulders and the hips of the guy. The angle showed how monstrous the cock really was...and how talented the girl was as she slid her lips up and down it. "Watch this..." Jenny whispered, a throaty rasp in her voice. Her hand was moving up and down Terri's thigh as they watched the girl pause to look into the camera once more, then tilt her head slightly forward.

Terri and Jason both groaned as they watched the slippery wet shaft slide deeper into the girl's mouth. She moved slowly now, not bobbing her head, but steadily moving her face lower on the shaft. She paused once more, then pushed her lips down to the guy's pubic hair. They all heard the guy's loud moan as the blonde accomplished her mission.

Terri thought it had to be trick photography, even though she knew that it wasn't. The guy's entire cock was buried in the blonde's mouth and throat! He continued to groan, almost crying out in short bursts as the blond began to bob her head up and down. His hips began to move, as the blond pulled her lips up the shaft, sliding nine or ten inches in and out of her mouth. She held her face steady, letting him fuck her mouth until a long wail came from him.

Terri and Jason could see the girl's cheeks balloon outwards as the guy came. The camera panned in slightly as she pulled her lips away from the cock. She smiled into the lens and rested the huge cockhead on her outthrust tongue as her hand milked the huge shaft. Her mouth was open and facing the camera as the tape showed shot after shot of semen sailing over her tongue. The blond made no attempt to swallow or suck, but simply jerked the guy off into her open mouth. 

Terri heard Jason moan as the girl's mouth filled to overflowing and the cum leaked over her lower lip, pouring in a milky white river over her chin. Her eyes still on the screen, she reached over to Jason's lap, finding his cock rock hard and wet from his leaking pre-come. She stroked him slowly, her eyes riveted to the screen.

The blonde gave the camera a wide cummy grin. She closed her lips and swallowed. Then, smiling sexily, she closed her lips around the guy's cock again. This time, there was no hesitation. Her lips slid slowly down, right to the base, then up again. Over and over, she sucked the entire length into her throat, then pulled up to lick the head. The shaft and her throat, lubricated with semen moved as a single unit, again giving Terri a feeling of magic, or trick photography.

Finally, the blonde, pulled her mouth off the huge cock and turned to smile triumphantly into the camera while rubbing the cock over her lips and cheek. Applause was heard in the background, making her grin. Then her hand reached toward the lens. There was confused motion on the screen...sky, chairs, pool...then the camera focused on Jenny's smiling face. She was kneeling in front of Wayne, his hard cock in her hand. She was looking around and laughing with the others off screen.

"Jeez Louise..." Wayne cried sorrowfully, "I look like a toothpick compared to John!" His voice was melodramatic and whiny, making the others laugh. Jenny grinned and reached over to caress his cock.

"Don't worry, sugar...I think you have a great cock..." Jenny said soothingly. She stroked him lightly as she patted his shoulder with her other hand.

"I think so too, Wayne..." Terri agreed with a laugh. "Feel better now?" Wayne made a motion as if to wipe the tears from his eyes and nodded his head. Then smiling, he turned back to the screen.

On the screen, Jenny received her cue. Her lips opened and she took Wayne's cockhead between them. Her tongue ran around it and over her lips as she wet the shaft. Wayne's fingers caressed her head as his hips began to move. Inch by inch his cock disappeared into Jenny's mouth, until in just seconds, his entire shaft was in her throat. Jenny held steady as he let his cockhead soak in her throat, then he withdrew until it was just in her mouth. He repeated the action, again and again, slowly at first, then picking up speed. He stood before his kneeling wife, deep throating her sucking mouth with full thrusts of his hips as he held her face in his hands.

"That is just amazing!" Terri sighed in disbelief. "I'll bet ol' John couldn't do that, Wayne..." She watched in amazement as Wayne's cock slid effortlessly in and out of Jenny's throat.

Wayne looked at Jenny and grinned. "I'll bet Jenny would love to give him a try, though, wouldn't you lover...?" His words were almost a challenge and Jenny grinned at him.

"Maybe someday, sugar...right now I'm very happy with this..." She leaned into his lap and took his cock into her moouth, sucking loudly on it, then abruptly sitting up again to look at the screen. "We'll talk later...I want to watch you come...."

Her timing was perfect. Terri looked at the screen just as Wayne buried his cock in Jenny's throat and held it there. She could plainly see Jenny's throat muscles moving as Wayne came deep inside her. Then she pulled her head away, letting Wayne's cock slide out of her mouth. She turned to the camera and smiled as he shot again, spraying his semen over her grinning face. She was laughing as she jerked him off over her face, occasionally opening her mouth to receive a blast on her tongue. When Wayne's orgasm faded, she again turned her face to the camera as it zoomed closer. She used Wayne's cock to rub the semen over her face and lips as she stared deeply into the lens. "I love sucking cock...." she said to the audience as the camera faded out.

"Damn!" Jason muttered. Terri looked at him and smiled. His forehead was bathed in sweat and his cock in her hand was as thick and hard as she had ever felt it. She teasingly leaned forward, pressing her tits against his arm and rested her head on his shoulder as she stroked him.

"Well, that settles it..." she began, "I've just got to learn how to do that..." Jason moaned and turned to her with a grin on his face. "You think so?" he asked hopefully.

"You'd like that...wouldn't you, Jason? Like me to be able to suck this whole thing into my throat...?" She squeezed his cock as she stroked him, causing a small river of pre-come to pour over her fingers. She used her thumb to spread it over his cockhead and shaft, making him groan and push his hips up.

"I'll have to practice a lot, though..." she continued, "Really put my mind to it. And my mouth to it..." She looked at him and grinned. "Will you help me learn...?" she teased.

Jason looked dazed, but very, very excited. "Oh...yeah...." he said, nodding his head. "Oh, yeah..."

Terri grinned and leaned back. She definitely had Jason exactly where she wanted him! She noticed that the tape was paused, and Wayne and Jenny were smiling at them.

"I'd be happy to give you any pointers that I can." Jenny said sensually. "And I'm sure that if Jason gets tired, Wayne here would be glad to give you something to practice on......"

They all laughed, and Terri put her hand on Jenny's thigh. "Thanks guys...I'll need all the help I can get, I think. Although it sure will be a lot of fun learning..."
