 My wife's long legs stretch forever across the smallish bed. She's lying on her side, settled comfortably on her elbow. Her eyes are burning and intense, tunneling into mine. She speaks quietly in soft steady tones that serve to disguise her inner panic. We are both a little freaked out, unsure, tentative.

"You want this baby?" she purrs. She leans back a little, for emphasis. This small gesture triggers his hands to motion. He gently slides his fingers slowly up and down her hips, and across her tummy. She subtly responds to his caresses with a tiny clenching of her hands, though he is likely not aware. He is not tuned to her as I am. What little he knows about her – that she is witty, beautiful, seductive and SOMEONE ELSE'S WIFE he has garnered over the last few hours. We've done some talking, but this has mostly been an evening committed to drinking, dancing and ...seduction? At some point he did learn her name, and introduced himself to me as Steve. I chuckled to myself a little, how his name matched his purpose- innocuous and indistinguishable from all the other single guys patrolling the swinger club this evening. But he has been patiently persistent, and she does enjoy his nuanced touch, though she is not yet conceding to it. To his credit he isn't forcing or pushing too hard, but he now finds himself closed in around her, spooning her, enjoying the feel of her soft skin. It's a struggle for him to keep his composure. He makes sure she feels his breathe on her long neck and his solid dick pushing against her ass. He is horned up, hot and bothered, and fighting against his natural impulse to toss her legs aside and slam the shit out of her. He isn't going to waste this chance. Seriously, how often does a guy go to a club and end up fucking some dude's hot wife? He will contain himself, I think...She likes that he must struggle to resist her. She feels his determined restraint, his inner battle. She loves being that powerful, irresistible, wanted. 

Thus far his soft touch hasn't disrupted her focus. Her eyes still burn for me even in the midst of all this distraction. She's enjoyed the evening and is enjoying this moment. The moment we've all been waiting for, hoping for, fearing, worrying about, wondering about. She likes seeing me squirm, seeing me up against myself. Truth be told, she likes knowing she is the one MAKING me squirm. She knows my head is spinney and wavering, but the juice dripping from my balls tells her everything she needs to know. She likes having this power over me, over him, over us. Still, her biggest joy comes from feeling the depth of his want. His fire for her has been raging, growing bigger and bigger as the night went on. She likes it, the feel of his determined dick pushing, sliding between her cheeks, poised and ever vigilant. With his strong arms he could easily hold her down, do her, use her, fuck her.

"Do you like this baby? Is this what you want to see?" She puts her hand on his and rests them both on her upper thigh, mostly to keep him from roaming and causing her further distraction.

The background music booms outside this little room. Out there, on the dance floor, at the bar, in the group rooms there is noise. Dancing, laughing, drinking, fucking. Lots of fucking. In pairs and in groups. Hard dicks, wet pussies, grunting and moaning. We love strolling through the scenery, sometimes we settle in to watch, sometimes we fuck, most often both. We've seen a lot of sex, had a lot of sex. We've explored a little, not much. Maybe too much, maybe not enough. How does one ever really know?

I often think of the night she let another woman join us. My wife is not into women, much to my chagrin. She does not share my fascination with them. In fact, she prefers men to women in all facets of life. She finds men to be simpler, less manipulative, less demanding. I suggest that her experience with men may differ from other women's, and thus her take is possibly skewed. My wife is easy to get along with, compassionate and empathetic. She is a nurse, a caregiver, and she is attractive. It is natural that men would react more softly to her than perhaps a woman who is not endowed with these traits. She accepts this possibility, but it's her experiences with women, not men that dictate her opinions. She considers the fairer sex to be overly needy, bitchy, and consumed by petty self-interest. This, quite frankly, is very often the case. But damn, they are beautiful.

When this young brunette moved over to us, even as we were fucking, I expected my wife to offer a gentle "no thank you". Instead, she responded to her embrace, though with some trepidation. I knew in that moment that this was a gift. She was willing herself into this, just to please me. I was quite happy to let her give this to me.

We were fucking, but I made sure to give her room. She kissed my wife and ran her hands along her face. The smell of their bodies, their hair, and their perfume mingled and swirled. My heart raced as my dick grew three sizes that night! She molded effortlessly into our personal space, kissing my wife's neck, massaging and suckling her breasts. She squeezed my cock as it slid in and out, and rubbed my eager balls. I couldn't stand it anymore. I pulled out and forcibly pushed my wife's legs apart. Her pussy was soaking wet, ready. This girl pounced on that little pussy like a starved tigress. She was aggressive and fierce, and my wife quickly relented to her determined tongue. I pushed her feet wider apart giving this vixen the right-of-way she deserved. My wife's face was one of surprise, wonder and elation, but mostly surprise. Surprise at how good it felt. I could see her eyes growing distant, I could feel her crumbling. This was a new experience for her. It's not easy to get my wife to retreat into herself. She is filled up by the constant noise of people's emotions, their wants, their needs. It is the price one pays for being empathetic. But this girl so easily overpowered all of it with her lust and desire that my wife was surprised by it. The surprise melted into realization, and appreciation. Eventually, she ceded to her power... it was going to overtake her; she was no longer in charge of herself and was elated because of it. She relented to the ever growing waves, felt them growing bigger and closer until it finally washed over her.

She fully curled up into a ball as the huge orgasm ravished her completely. She bounced her head from side to side and moaned in ecstasy. Her hands flopped, clenched, unclenched. She pulled hair, scratched at me, squeezed my hand. Her legs quivered, shook, bunched up, released. She rode this wave for as long as she could until she couldn't take anymore. It was beautiful; these two women passionately embraced...all curves and ass, legs, titties, soft lips, pent up sexual release. Slowly, patiently she released her grip, kissing and caressing my wife's tummy and pubes. She lifted her head and smiled at us as my wife's pussy juice drooled down her chin. She slid back over to her husband, who, like me, had been a mere lucky spectator. The room buzzed with raw energy from the merciless sex they had just witnessed. These two ladies had completely rocked it, and now my wife was done, used up, over-whelmed even. I felt a little bad for the girl, knowing that we could not return the favor. I fucked my wife for a while after that, while the girl watched with pleading eyes. She wanted me to fuck her, lick her pussy, satisfy her but knew it wasn't going to happen. They eventually moved on, and we were us once again.

My wife later admitted that it was the most amazing orgasm she ever had...somehow she had clamped her lips down firmly yet gently on her tiny little clit. She was both tender and relentless, and though I have tried to recreate it, I have failed to come close to matching her exquisite touch. Though I wish I could give that to her, it would trouble me do such disservice to the memory.

The ever present booming music intrudes into my thoughts. My wife is still lounging on the bed, He has wrapped her up in his strong arms, which she likes. She wants to be covered up, which he senses. He is nibbling her neck, running his tongue up and down the length of it. She lays her head down on the bed and curls into him. He feels cozy and warm against her naked skin, and she can smell his sex. She is waiting for my answer. 

Earlier this evening, it had not seemed quite so intense. I had quit trying to dance by that point, and besides, my dick and I preferred to watch. The two of them were still caught up in the spirit of the party, buzzed, loose, alive. The sight of her carrying on, free of worry and fear gave me a great amount of pleasure. She so deserves a break. I want it for her. She is so full from kids school work house bills that it takes a lot of coaxing to get her to lighten up. She needs this, she needs to let it lift away, even if only for one night. It's healthy. I am here to hover over her, protect her when I need to and to give her room when she needs it. Tonight, she needs room. I love her, I want her full and happy and good. I consider it my most important task, above career and house and everything. What good would all that do me without her?

I could tell that she was good. He was desperately trying to seduce her and I had eagerly given her my consent and encouragement to let him try. This was my idea, not hers. It had gone much further than I had expected it would, but it felt right. We were in this together, and we have vowed to each other that we are going to live fully- now, while we can. Time will slip past us and we don't want to look back and wish we had done more, experienced more. We have promised to push each other and remind each other of what really matters when the daily life grind gets too heavy. 

We had never done this before, at least, not quite this way, and had often thought we never would. The notion of watching my wife dance, seduce, tease another man was a fairly recent one. But here we were, and we were both having a great time. She was enjoying being free to drink and dance and not have to think. I was enjoying watching her leave her worldly worries behind. My dick, for his part, enjoyed watching her inner slut shake itself loose and take over. She is a woman, a complex and wonderful creation. She's not just a wife, not just a partner, not just a friend, not just a sex object. She is all of these, but tonight, she is sex, she is slut.

They seemed to be slowing down now. I know she was tired, but happy. They'd dance a bit, come to the table, drink, laugh chat and then run back out when the beat kicked in. He was tentative at first, holding her hand, holding her hips as she moved. He got bolder, sliding his hands to her ass as she bent over for him. Later on he worked his hand under her blouse. She was looking at him, dancing for him as he undid the buttons. He squeezed her little titties and pinched her nipples as she swayed to and fro. She put her hands on his neck, leaned in and kissed his cheek. She turned around and moved away from him, joining me at the table. He hesitated, but followed. His eyes, which just minutes before had been full of lustful bravado were now hesitant. He sat silently across from us, suddenly becoming the oh so well behaved child.

She told me he liked her nipples, he wanted to suck on them. I nodded and suggested that everyone likes her nipples and wants to suck on them. 

"Should I let him suck my nipples?" she whispered. I knew she was feeling yummy. It was beautiful.

If you want to baby.

He had told her the reason he approached us from across the bar was because he could see her nips poking through her blouse. He said they were like beacons, beckoning him to her. He had tried to ignore them, but when he turned around and saw them staring at him, he knew he was supposed to introduce himself. It may not be the best line, but it was good enough to start a conversation. We all talked, danced a little, had a couple drinks. We took turns dancing with her. When my wife and I were alone we wondered if this is what we really wanted. She was not comfortable with it, and I wasn't sure if I was either. So I told her to just dance with him, and have a good time. We are here, let's enjoy ourselves. So they did, and she did. That had been almost three hours ago, and now the prospect of him touching her, groping her, feeling her up, didn't seem so outlandish. In fact, I was surprised at how turned on I was, and she was in such a good place that we didn't want it to end. 

But it had been a full evening already, and I kind of thought we were winding down. My wife usually reaches her limit well before I do. Most of the time (not always) we will fold our cards and walk away from the table. Tonight we could go eat, go home, get in bed and fuck until morning. I would pretend to be Steve, talk dirty to her, and call her a nasty little whore while I rubbed her clit. We would both cum big and hard, and collapse into each other's arms. And it would be perfect. We would be happy and satisfied.

My wife, however, was not done and she wanted us both to know it. It is a rare and welcome treat when she seizes the moment and takes control. When she decides on something, she will not be denied. I love that about her. She jumped up, threw her already unbuttoned blouse to the floor and moved in front of Steve's chair. She hitched her skirt up high, above her waist, revealing her round hips and perfect little pussy. He was so surprised he actually blushed! His cheeks turned red as he stared lustfully at her snatch. The spinning disco light lit up her soft glistening folds and little patch of reddish brown hair. Before he could even react she put her hands on his cheeks, straddled him and asked him if he wanted to suck her nipples. She twisted her titties in his face, first this one, then that and pressed them against his lips. My already hard cock suddenly strained to rip through my pants. It was so hard it hurt. He darted his tongue back and forth over her little titties, licking, sucking, savoring them. He had wanted them so badly, and now he had them. She moaned and wiggled in his lap, teasing his cock through his pants with her wet little pussy. She ground into his lap to the beat of the music, and she worked her magic against his bulge. She let him suck them, pinch them, squeeze them.

I watched, mesmerized and fascinated. I wanted this, though I didn't know why. Seeing her on his lap, giving him her full attention made me horny for more. She is beautiful, but when she is being slutty it takes it to another level. She's a temptress, a hot bitch. She is sultry and voluptuous.

Without warning she stood up and announced to Steve that they must go dance. He stood up and adjusted his hard junk. I wasn't sure if the wet spot was from his dripping cock or her dripping pussy. My wet spot lacked such mystery. She tossed her shoes off next to her blouse and pushed her skirt, what there was of it, back down to her waist.

As I watched her pull him to the dance floor for more abuse, I felt a little disappointed. He didn't seem to worship her ass properly, so smitten was he with her nipples. I have always loved that ass and am always troubled by men who aren't enamored of it. I mean, what is wrong with them? My very first move on her- before we held hands- before the first kiss - before her DIVORCE – before all that there was the now infamous all out massive ASS grab. I couldn't help it, I had to. How could I not? A group of us were stumbling back from a Blues Club, and she and a friend were walking, holding and assisting the drunkest among us. I saw her husband was ahead of us. My wife was behind me, and when her attention was briefly averted I slammed my hand into that healthy butt and grabbed it, shook it, and told it in no uncertain terms. I squeezed that motherfucker hard. I wanted her to know, I needed her to know, and I knew no other way to communicate it. 

That is how it all started, and that is why I failed to understand how he could not appreciate something so marvelous, so stupendous. I had to forgive him for the slight, as she seemed to like his attention and especially his nipple fixation. Perhaps my ass worship has grown tiresome, perhaps she needs me to show more gratitude towards her perky, upturned, beautiful round nipples? I can do that. 

I watched my sexy wife dance. She's got that ass and she knows how to shake it, twerk, back that shit up. She would rub it against him, grind his crotch, toy with him. She would put his hand on her waist only to push it away. He would wrap her up and she would spin off, eventually returning to his embrace. She danced for him, she danced with him. She would lean into him and let his hands explore for a brief moment, then pull away. I was so turned on by it I almost couldn't watch, but of course I had to. I about came when she took his hand and guided it first between her legs then to his mouth. He licked her juices off and grabbed her hard. She tilted her head back as he squeezed her breasts, pinching, pulling, always pulling on her nipples. She turned, dropped down before him, face to face with his bulge. She ran her hands quickly over it, put her mouth up against it, then slid back up his stomach. 

She was the hottest fucking piece of ass in the club and she was my wife. I watched as she cuddled up to this stranger. She felt good against his strong arms, and as she lifted her skirt up to give him more access she looked over at me, and smiled. 

That had been earlier in the evening, when the laughing and the drink and the dancing held sway. That was before we decided to go to a room, before she told me she was going to suck his cock. We were sitting at the table, watching the half-naked par-tiers carrying on when she leaned in and told me. I was a little shocked when she said it, so casually, so matter of fact. I was even more shocked when I realized she really meant it. 

"I have to baby, I already promised. Maybe you should find us a room? We both have to pee, we will meet you there." She dashed away.

Maybe find you a room? Pee? What? Meet me, what? It had been phrased like a question but stated like an order. What just happened? Jesus...really? They don't even know each other and they are discussing their bathroom habits? Actually, I kind of liked that. 

I went over it in my head, just to make sure I wasn't missing something. She really doesn't HAVE to suck him off, she doesn't HAVE to do anything. She wants to suck his cock. She wants to finally meet it and greet it, reward it for being so good to her all night. I actually liked that she wanted to, that she was being true to herself. I just wasn't so sure I liked it being her idea. And there was something else, something odd. My loving wife not only announced her intention to suck off a stranger - she also considered me honor bound to find a suitable location to do it! My gut reactions faded, for these were but temporary musings, and pointless. I knew I would do anything to watch my wife suck him off. 

She will stroke it, lick it, suck it and bring him all the way. She will service him, make him cum, give him what he wants. She will get him off, give him the release he's worked so hard for. He will shoot his huge, pent up angry load all over her hand as it slides up and down, back and forth. He will cum with her soft words and delicate coos urging him begging him yes yes shoot it mmmm all of it mmm Godd want it allll yessss mmmm

His surging cock will spew its last drop and he will fall back on the bed. She will crawl over to him so he can watch her wipe his cum off on her stomach, her belly button, her titties. She will smear his big juicy load all over herself for his enjoyment. She will lean over, kiss him lightly and thank him for a wonderful evening. I will shake his hand and escort my beautiful wife out of the room. She will be gone.
