 Please read chapter 1 of this story before starting this chapter. This is the fourth story in the 'Temporary Girlfriend' series. This two-part story captures the essence of Megan's honeymoon and the remarkable things they learned from a 'teacher.' This story will be enhanced by reading the earlier parts of the 'TG' series, however, you can read this as a stand alone story. Enjoy. Vote. Write your comments. Add me to your 'Favorites'. Namasté.

*

The others greeted Alyssa, often with kisses and hugs. I heard the question of her impossible visits raised by a couple of people but never heard an answer – just silence as she dove into the pool and washed away the past.

Josh, Amy and I made breakfast for everyone. The well-stocked kitchen provided sufficient stock for omelets all around for those that ate. Carl, Beth and David did clean up duty. We seemed to work well together and for the most part our nudity did not act as a distractant, only a visual stimulant to us all.

As clean up ended, Josh announced that Alyssa would continue the lessons starting at ten o'clock in the living room but that attendance was optional now that she'd been introduced. He made it clear he didn't want to force her or the accompanying philosophy on anyone.

An hour later all fourteen of us were seated in the living room. We'd remained nude. Several couples sat close, wrapped in the arms of their morning's partner. 

Alyssa came into the room clothed only in a thin gossamer sari that was sexy and revealing.

"Thank you for all being here," she started. "This afternoon we will revisit the lessons from the night, however, now I feel like talking about our Spirit. Please relax. Be comfortable with your partner or partners." I could feel some of the tension in the room deflate immediately.

Alyssa went on, "I use the term 'our Spirit' because I believe we share a Spirit force with one another. On a non-physical plane we are as one, connected and joined, at one with each other and with the same God-force that flows through everything everywhere."

"We are much like waves on an ocean. The ocean is what we are made of and that to which we belong. We are not separate from the ocean except in the brief individuality each of us have as a wave."

"I believe the God force is all there is. We live, move and have our being in the mind of God. This physical world is our creation, much as a wave is created. There are no other forces in the Universe; no devil, no demons, no ogres, except as we create with our minds. We create our own reality."

"We are Spiritual Beings having a human experience. We created this situation for ourselves and our purpose here is to grow, evolve and experience joy and bliss – the latter being our natural state unless we do something to reject and change that state. Any heaven or hell exists here and now and is of our own creation. We always have the option of free will and the self-determinism of our thoughts and actions."

"Putting this in more human terms, if you want to change your life, change your thinking. One author put it another way, 'There is nothing good or bad, but thinking makes it so.' You have the ability to see the worst of a good situation or the best of a bad situation, but you are the deciding factor."

"Thus, as part of the God force and together with the God force, we each co-create our own lives. We blend and move together in that accepting and harmonious Universe, our energies moving and blending with the others we share these dimensions with."

Alyssa stopped and looked around the room. "Now questions," she invited. The discussion started and she was smooth and adept in how she responded regarding the basis of her philosophy.

"How does this related to the tantric sex lessons from yesterday and last night?" Doug asked.

Tantrism is really a Mind-Body-Spirit connection. Josh told me you all had the 'body' part down pretty well." She smiled at all of us and a ripple of laughter ran through the room. "What you may want to consider is a Transformation. There are so many other dimensions to your sexuality. Besides the lust and orgasm, your sexuality is a pathway to enlightenment and a bridge between the human and the divine."

"Tantric sex is about building and harmonizing the connection between Mind, Body and Spirit. Balance and activity in each area flows with an active energy to the other areas. As most of you experienced last night, your use of your intellectual abilities in figuring out how to please each other led to wonderful experiences."

Heads nodded in agreement around the room.

Alyssa continued, "The better the sex, the more your mind surged with that energy. At the same time you felt the greater oneness with your partner, even when it wasn't your primary life partner you still felt the spiritual bond start to form."

She paused and looked around the room. "If you understand the Spirit and your relation to that God force, you can heighten even further the flow of energy into your relationships and your sexual couplings. You understand sexual energy and body power or energy. Now understand Spiritual energy. You can funnel each to the other and amplify all that you are, have or do without limit."

She gestured to us for more questions and a more open discussion prevailed. Suddenly it was one o'clock.

Alyssa dismissed us with a short challenge; "Before we break for lunch, I want each of you to spend an hour or more after lunch meditating. I don't mean sleeping, just to be clear. Please go to a quiet place by yourself, sit comfortably, and free your mind of all thought. You will each find this difficult, I suspect. Listen for a small voice from within and see what you find. We will re-convene at four o'clock."

Over lunch, several of us peppered Alyssa with questions about 'meditation' and how to do it correctly. The statement I remember; "There is no right or wrong way to meditate. Just go and do it in your own way and in your own place."

I put on bikini bottoms as a token adherence to propriety on the public beach, took my watch and towel, and walked a couple of hundred yards down the beach to a dune that looked out over the sea. I spread out a towel and sat, realizing I could not force my legs into a lotus position. I just hugged my knees and looked out at the water, initially focusing on a large sailboat miles off shore that had captured the wind and now raced through the ocean. 

At first I found it hard to tune out the chatter in my head. My thoughts kept whirling around. Persistently I focused on nothing ... and then on everything in the Universe all at once. My Mind alternated between expansion and total inclusion and contraction and narrowing to the small sliver of sail near the horizon.

I listened for the message – a message from within ... then from anywhere. Was there a message? Did I already know the answers to the unasked questions? 

I re-lived the experiences of the past few days, particularly my couplings with Josh and Carl. I loved all of them and all our friends. I knew they loved me. I knew I loved all of humanity in that instant as well. The thoughts exploded in a sea of rainbows and fireworks; a mental orgasm without physical stimulation or sexual involvement. I felt a unity with each person I loved, a connectedness again. My thoughts vanished and only the sailboat remained canted in the wind as it tacked towards its Island home.

I walked back in the warm Caribbean sun feeling a unique peace and filled with Love. I met Alex coming from the other direction as we got to the beach house. We hugged and walked up the stone steps arm in arm. Strangely we didn't speak to one another.

Alex and I went to the living room and sat close to one another; she put her arms around me and we just sat. Doug came in alone and then the others started to drift in one by one. Alyssa came in wearing her sexy sari again. 

Without waiting for full attendance, she asked, "How do you feel? What was your time alone like? Megan, why don't you start? The others will join us as they finish their meditations."

I described my feeling of love and peace as well as my focus on the sailboat. I talked about the feel of my focus expanding and contracting, as well as the feeling of wellness and wholeness. I told the group that meditating had been a challenge because I seldom felt my mind wasn't active and fighting my attempts at 'blankness'.

The others described similar experiences with only a few variations. Alex surprised me by also commenting on her focus on the same sailboat off the Island's shore. 

By the time we finished going around the circle and discussing our experiences, the rest of our circle had joined us and it was six o'clock. Alyssa took the lead again in charting our evening.

She instructed, "I again want you each to choose a different person for this evening's pairings – again, preferably not your spouse or regular partner. Tonight, I want you to love your partners remembering all we've talked about for the past twenty-four hours."

Alyssa started to reiterate our lessons on her fingers, "Put the emphasis on 'being' not 'doing'; suspend judgments about what you're doing or what others might ever think about it; focus on the now and don't bring the past or expectations for the future into your lovemaking. Think of yourself and your partner in terms of Mind-Body-Spirit connections. Control your orgasms, men especially; postpone ejaculation until you want that type of closure. Create a deep and spiritual connection with not only your partner but also with the Universe at large; use your meditation skills as you make love."

As I looked around the living room I saw a glazed look in some eyes. I said, "Do we have to get it perfect?"

Alyssa tossed her head back and laughed aloud. "Oh, dear me, no!" she exclaimed. "I've been practicing – and I use that word purposefully – practicing for thirty years and perfection is a nice unattainable goal. The journey is so enjoyable though. All of you should enjoy the journey."

Josh interjected, "My bringing Alyssa here was to make you all aware of some new dimensions in yourselves and in your lovemaking that could heighten your feelings for each other. This shouldn't be an onerous chore; this should be fun."

Alyssa said, "When we reconvene tomorrow morning – say ten o'clock, let's talk about how we each laughed and what struck us funny about this whole process. Remember sex is has three purposes: procreation – not a focus for us now ... except Stacy." We all laughed. She finished her sentence then, "Pleasure – a major focus for you all tonight; and Spiritual connection to your partner and the Universe – also a focus for you all tonight. Don't worry the act to death. Just try to put it all together." She laughed again.

The rest of us in the room visibly relaxed.

Alyssa added, "As I did last night, I will join some or all of you over the night – not for instruction but for participation and my own pleasure and spiritual connection to you all. I love you all so much, I want to crawl inside everyone of you and be close." She made a gesture of hugging herself on our behalf.

I stood and walked across the living room and took Alyssa in my arms and hugged her tightly. Alex stood and joined me, then Josh, then Doug, and soon everyone in the room stood surrounding Alyssa in one large group hug – fifteen of us.

We formed pairs for the night again: Greg and Fiona coupled by making ga-ga eyes at each other at the thought of being together for the night; Doug and Amy found one anotherand he went and sat next to her; Jeremy and Beth paired by simply sitting next to one another and holding hands; Josh and Katelyn paired with a short kiss and hug; Carl and Stacy with an embrace and an affectionate kiss by Carl on her bulging stomach; and Ray and Alex joined up with a kiss and hug.

As the pairings were made, David came to me and pulled me to a standing position. He said, "Megan, will you be mine tonight. I've wanted to be with you again for months and I can't believe I have this rare opportunity." He smiled and I melted into his arms and we kissed, the steam rising from our embrace.

Again, we drove all the cars into the small city and found a restaurant that would take our party of fifteen. Alyssa had us do 'food play' again as a form of foreplay. David and I had melted brie as an appetizer and did well pleasing each other with the slices of apple piled with brie. At one point we laughed so hard we attracted the attention of the whole restaurant.

I sat in David's lap in the car on the way back to the villa. Ray and Alex shared the back seat with us. Soon Alex and my short skirts were pulled up to our waists as our men stroked our naked pussies. Neither Alex nor I had worn underwear in anticipation of just such an event.

Our temperatures rose – our sexual temperatures – as David's fingers stroked and penetrated around my nether region. We kissed and hugged all the way home. At one point, however, I noticed a different feel to the caresses of my clit. I turned to find that Ray and Alex were taking turns fingering me as David fingered Alex's sweet cunt. 

I joined in our back seat swap by adding a finger deep into Alex's tunnel, her eyes rolling up in her head as David and I simultaneously sank our digits into her body. She and Ray returned the favor as our sexual temperatures rose.

Katelyn watched from the front seat as she stroked Josh's cock through his shorts. Josh adjusted the rear view mirror so he could keep tabs on our sexual shenanigans. I teased him a bit by often flashing my pussy to him, as we'd pass beneath a bright streetlight, sometimes with someone's fingers embedded inside me.

At the house, I gave Josh a deep kiss and reminded him that I loved him and encouraged him to have a wonderful sexual encounter with his sister. I told him to really try to follow Alyssa's teaching and create 'Spiritual Sex.' He told me the same and we turned to our partners.

I started for the stairway to the bedroom, however David turned to me and softly said, "Not that way." He held my hand and led me from the large foyer to the Villa outside to the pool deck. Doug and Amy were stripping off their clothing for a swim as we walked by. Sexual being that I am I couldn't help but admire Doug's tumescent cock and Amy's lithe body.;

David led me to the stone stairs and down them to the beach. Along the way we picked up a couple of large beach towels and carried them with us. We walked about a hundred yards up the beach in the near darkness that made up the night sky.

David stopped and we spread out the towels. Next he came to me and gently pulled the few items of clothing I wore from my body, carefully piling them on one of our blankets. I repeated the process for him, leaving the two of us nude.

We walked together into the lazy surf that massaged the shoreline without any intent to inflict impact other than the rustling sound of the small wavelets. We floated and swam for a few minutes in the warm waters.

As we left the Caribbean and headed back to our towels we both noted a rising crescent moon. In the darkness of the western sky, the moon seemed positively brilliant to me and I turned and could see my moon shadow on the sand.

David said, "Sit beside me and let's meditate for a while."

I sat and David came next to me. We both sat Indian style, our legs crossed but not in the severity of the lotus position. We interlaced our arms so we could touch one another and then focused on the stars on the far horizon.

My mind initially drifted and I thought of what I hoped to do with David to bring him pleasure and joy in our union. I pushed that thought away with a prayer of sorts to Josh and Katelyn for a happy union; that prayer gave way to assertions about how all of us would have pleasure in the night. Another thought went through my head about whether Alyssa would be able to find us. Next I thought about the star near the horizon and I focused on it and watched the games my eyes could play with the speck of light.

Finally, I had a few minutes of serenity where I really think I thought of nothing. A feeling of supreme well being swept through me several times, almost like mental orgasms rather than physical ones. 

David pulled me from my reverie with a kiss. I kissed my readiness back to him. He uncurled his legs pulled me into his lap, his rising cock finding the lips of my pussy. I reached between us and pushed his cock against the moistness of my pussy, coating his rod with my juices.

"Lie back and look at the stars, Megan. Count them and think that every star is a place in the Universe that loves you." He helped me lie back.

David loved my breasts for a long time as I stroked his hair and upper body. Then as I focused on the Andromeda galaxy, David slid lower on my body until his tongue caressed my lower lips and my juices started to flow faster. Occasionally he'd flick his tongue across my clit. He had my attention.

"David," I told him softly in a loving voice, "I'm looking up at Andromeda. Somewhere in that galaxy of a billion stars, there's a sun with planets around it like ours, and on one of those planets two beings are lying beside a warm beach in a gentle breeze just the way we are, and they're making love. The female being is lying on her back as her male partner brings her orgasms and pleasures far beyond any pleasure we can imagine on earth. But she's looking up at the sky as her partner ministers to her, seeing a far off galaxy called the Milky Way and she's imagining a sun with a planet like earth, and a sea like the Caribbean with two lovers beside it making love. And in this thought, we four lovers are connected with each other and in Love."

He made me cum a couple of minutes later. I never shut my eyes; I just looked up at Andromeda and sent outward my feelings and wishes for passion, love and connectedness. I felt them echo around the Universe in my orgasm and return to me a hundred fold. 

David held me and we looked at the stars for a while. I brought David to a dry orgasm, praising him for his self control. 

"I'm looking at Andromeda, seeing the same couple and feeling their love," he told me. 

I came and joined him. He waved his arm across the sky. "Megan, there are millions of loving people out there doing what we're doing. We're all connected – right now, instantly across all the light years we see. We are here and in a million other places."

I heard someone walking down the beach toward us. Alyssa's voice found us first, "David, my Love, you are right and your observation is profound. You ARE connected to the spaces, things and beings you imagine in a million other places and they to you and to you Megan. Your pleasure is their pleasure, and their pleasure is your pleasure if you open yourself to receive it."

Alyssa's nude body slid between us on the blanket of towels we'd created. The bright moon lit her dark skin with a mystical light, creating a wondrous view of her figure through the shadows and shading the light made. She lay back and extended her arms to the sky above. "Caress the sky; reach for infinity," she told us and we duplicated her move. 

"Let me hold you both, love you both, provide a channel between the two of you and all the infinite possibilities the Universe is providing you," Alyssa said softly. 

We let her wrap her arms around us. Somehow the connection became more than just her holding us, it became the essence of total and unbelievable sexual and erotic contact. I felt swept into her mind and felt my body give itself over to her. 

I soared into my place of infinite and continuous orgasms so rapidly my head swam in the delicious joy of the occasion. I could feel penetration by David ... and Alyssa ... and Josh ... and, Oh My God, the entire world. It was wondrous!

I floated through space watching the stars go by, staring back at earth and realizing my place – our place – in the reality of Love that made up the Universe.
