 "Tell me your fantasy."

"I don't have one."

"Liar." Kate teased her husband of five years. He had fantasies. Every guy had them.

"You're my fantasy Kate." Devin replied, finishing his cup of coffee.

"I'm your reality Dev. I know you have one. You told me once."

"Then you should remember how you reacted to it." He reminded her.

Kate sighed and watched as Devin stood up from the kitchen table and put his cup in the sink.

"I gotta go." He leaned down and kissed her. "See you tonight." And then he left.

Tonight. Today was Devin's birthday. She had wracked her brain trying to think of the best present to get him. He was a guy who had everything. And what he didn't have, he went out and bought. But there was one thing she knew he always wanted.

Two women.

Devin had mentioned that to her when they were dating. It had been his ultimate fantasy. Kate and another woman. She had refused. Adamantly. She had agreed to everything else: bondage, anal sex, but not that. She had thought she was enough. Now, she wanted to give him this. He meant the world to her and this was her way to show him.

She smiled to herself. Everything was all ready planned. Devin had no idea what was in store for tonight. 

* * * *

Devin opened the door with a weary sigh. What a day. Thank God it was Friday. All he wanted was a hot shower and a good night's sleep. He knew Kate had something planned for his birthday. Probably an elaborate dinner and sex. Always a great present. Sex with her was always great. She was up for anything. Well, almost anything. Her question this morning had him thinking about his "fantasy". He had mentioned it to her once and she had thrown a fit. Why did he want that? She wasn't gay and didn't want another woman. Devin had tried to explain it to her. It was just a fantasy. Every guy had this fantasy. But that's all it was. All it would ever be.

"Hey hon, how was your day?" 

Devin stood staring at his beautiful wife as he entered the kitchen. His beautiful and naked wife. 

"Uh, fine. Is there something you want to tell me?" 

"As a matter of fact, there is." She glided toward him. Her naked body pressed against his. She slid her hands up his chest and around his neck. She pulled his head down for a deep, drugging kiss.

"Happy birthday Devin." She whispered against his lips. "Hope you don't you mind but I brought a friend home for dinner."

Devin felt arms circle his waist and start to unbutton his shirt. He turned and faced another naked woman.

Devin looked back at Kate. "What's going on Kate?"

"Don't you know?" She asked, pulling the other girl around to her side. "This is Beth."

"Hello Beth."

"Happy birthday Devin." She said, walking up and kissing him on the cheek.

"She's your present Dev. Or should I say, your fantasy."

Devin felt his mouth drop open but couldn't seem to close it. Was he dreaming? Did his Kate just tell him that this beauty was his present? His fantasy?

"Kate?" He asked questioningly.

"I want to do this Dev."

"Are you sure?"

"Positive." She moved closer and started to undress him. "Let's get you more comfortable. A nice shower and then, well, I think you get the picture."

"No dinner?" He asked with a smile.

"You can eat us." She whispered.

Devin stood under the hot spray of the shower. His head was thrown back and the water cascaded over his hard body. Between his legs, Kate knelt and slid his hard cock in and out of her mouth. Her nails lightly raked the insides of his thighs. Tiny shudders traveled through his body. Behind him, Beth had soaped her hands and was rubbing his back. Her hands caressed his muscled back and slid lower to squeeze his taunt ass cheeks. This was the most erotic thing Kate had ever done. 

"Are you enjoying your shower babe?" Kate asked as she slowly rose to her feet before him.

"Do you even need to ask?" He said, framing her face with his hands and pulling her close for a kiss.

"It's just the beginning." She smiled and pulled away. She turned and grabbed the shower massage from it's cradle.

"Turn around Dev. Let me rinse your back."

Devin turned slowly. He now faced Beth. He felt Kate moved close to him and run the water over his back. Her breasts pressed against him. Her erect nipples poking into his back. 

Before him, he watched as Beth knelt down. Licking her lips, she raised her hand and fondled his cock and balls. She leaned forward and took him into her mouth. Leaning his head back, Devin groaned in pleasure. Fuck , that felt good. 

Kate sprayed the water over his head and body. She moved her body against him. Her wet body rubbing against him. She kissed his neck, his back. Her tongue licking the water running down his back.

"That feels wonderful." Devin sighed, his hips bucking as he fucked Beth's mouth. 

"Come on Dev. Come for me. Come in Beth's mouth. I want to see it." Kate whispered in this ear.

That was all it took. Devin grabbed Beth's head and pumped his cock into her mouth. He groaned and shot his load into Beth's waiting mouth.

"That's it baby." Kate praised as Devin's body jerked with his release. Her hands caressing his body.

* * * *

Kate and Beth led Devin to the bedroom. They laid him down, making him comfortable. Kate leaned over and lightly kissed Devin on the lips. Her tongue peeked out and ran over his lips. Devin looked up at her.

"Are you okay with this Kate?"

"Yes." She leaned close to his ear. "You only fuck me Devin."

"I only want you Kate. For always." Devin said, reaching out and pulling her close to him for a deep kiss.

The mattress sank and Devin pulled away to see Beth climb on the bottom of the bed. She crawled up between his legs. Her breasts swaying. Her eyes held his. She settled between his legs. Her hands going to his erect cock. She massaged his balls with one hand while the other circled the base of him. 

"Just relax and enjoy this Devin." Kate whispered at his ear. Her teeth nipped his earlobe making him shudder. 

Kate climbed on the bed. She straddled Devin's face. Her wet pussy over his mouth. Devin's hands came up and kneaded her tight ass. His tongue came out and tentatively touched her sensitive clit. Kate moaned and rubbed her pussy against his mouth. She looked down and caught Devin's gaze as he ate her. Smiling, she trailed her hands over her flat stomach and up to her generous breasts. She watched his eyes narrow as she began to squeeze and knead her firm mounds.

Between his legs, Beth continued to suck his cock. She ran her tongue the long, hard length of him. Licking him. She dipped her head and tongued his balls. Her hand continued to stroke his shaft. She took the soft sac into her mouth. She sucked gently on him.

Devin groaned against Kate's clit. His tongue flicking faster against the fleshy nub.

"Yes Devin!" Kate moaned, her hips grinding faster over his talented tongue.

Kate exploded in a rush of sweet cream. Devin lapped at her. His hands came up and covered hers as they rub her tits.

"My turn." Beth announced as she climbed to the side of the bed next to Kate.

Kate climbed off Devin and turned to Beth. The two women leaned close and kissed each other. Beth's hand came up and caressed Kate's breasts. Her fingers pinching the erect nipple.

"Holy shit." Devin whispered, sitting up and watching the two women kiss.

Caught up in the moment and knowing Devin was watching, Kate bent her head and began to lick one of Beth's nipples. Beth sighed and arched her back. Kate's mouth closed over the offered peak.

Devin watched the two play. Kate's hands and mouth were everywhere. He stared, open mouthed, as Beth laid back and pulled Kate over her. He couldn't believe Kate, his wife, was making out with another woman. His hand went to his rigid cock. He stroked it as Kate licked and sucked Beth's tits. Beth's hands went to Kate's head and held her against her. 

Kate's hand traveled down Beth's body. Her fingers stroked Beth's bare pussy. Her thumb found her clit and began to rub while she slipped a finger inside her wet opening. She began to finger fuck the brunette writhing beneath her. It was the hottest thing he had ever seen.

Kate couldn't believe she was doing this! She had only planned on Beth pleasuring Devin. This was, after all, his present. But when Beth had kissed her, it just felt right. Her skin so soft. The fullness of her breast in her mouth making her pussy even wetter. So, here she was, making out with another woman with her finger buried deep inside her.

Beth moaned. Her hips bucked against Kate's hand. She stroked her clit faster. Another finger joined the first. Kate rammed them faster, deeper, inside her. Beth tore her mouth away as she screamed with her climax.

Kate slid her fingers free. Beth caught her wrist and brought her fingers to her mouth. Holding Devin's gaze, Beth sucked Kate's fingers into her mouth and licked them clean.

Devin groaned.

Beth sat up and pushed Kate back onto the bed and settled between her spread thighs. Devin moved to kneel by Kate's head. He watched as Beth spread her pussy lips wide and swiped her tongue through Kate's wet slit. Kate's eyes closed on a deep sigh. Devin was ready to come from just watching.

"Open up baby." He said, his cock poised at her mouth.

Kate turned her head, opened her mouth and took him in deep. The flat of her tongue ran the length of him.

"Ahhh!" He breathed, slowly starting to fuck her hot mouth.

Kate nibbled and licked her way up his cock to the flared head. She ran her tongue under the ridge, flicking the tip of her tongue against the ultra sensitive area.

Devin continued to watch Beth eat his wife's pussy as he slid his cock in and out of her mouth. Kate cupped his balls in one hand and massaged while the other tangled in Beth's hair to hold her to her pussy.

Devin looked down at Kate as she sucked him. Their gazes met and held. Christ! He loved this woman.

"Faster Katie. I'm gonna come baby."

Kate stroked his cock with her hands and mouth. Her cheeks created a deep suction.

"That's it baby. Oh yeah!"

Devin threw his head back with a shout as he erupted in her mouth. His warm cum shooting down her throat. He pulled his still hard cock from between her lips and moved down the bed.

Kate's lips were spread wide as Beth licked and sucked at her swollen clit. One finger was stroking in and out of her soaked pussy.

"I'm getting close Dev. I need your cock deep inside me. Now!"

Beth moved away as Devin moved between her legs. He guided his cock to her opening. With a flex of his hips, he plunged deep inside her.

"Yes! Dev!" 

Devin's thumb went to her clit and rubbed the throbbing nub. Kate rocked her hips against him. Beth came up to suck and fondle her bouncing breasts. 

Devin fucked her hard. His cock sinking balls deep inside her. Beth plucked at Kate's nipples. Pulling and stretching the tender peaks. She cried out at the sensations rushing through her body.

She felt the familiar ache begin to start. Her thighs started to quiver as Devin held them wide, a hand on each ankle. Beth refused to let up on the sweet torture on her breasts. Kate wasn't sure how much more she could take. The pressure was building deep inside her.

"Oh God! Oh God!" She chanted, lifting her hips to take him deeper.

Devin growled, grabbed her hips and began to thrust faster. Harder. His hips rotating against hers. He felt Kate's pussy begin to spasm and tighten on his cock.

Kate shouted his name as she orgasmed. Her sweet cream soaking his cock and balls as she came. Devin pumped one more time before releasing another load of cum into her body. The clenching of her pussy milking every last drop from him.

He pulled out and collapsed next to her. He looked over and saw both women smiling at him.

"What?"

Happy birthday Dev." They both said before attacking him again.