 This story (in three parts) is the first sequel to "Temporary Girlfriend". It builds on the same characters and continues the storyline, however, this is a standalone story and does not require the prequel. If you read this first and like it, I'm sure you'll enjoy the initial chapters. Many people I received comments from on the original chapters urged me to write about more flying and aviation in my sequels; I aim to please and aviation buffs will find some rich reading here, I hope. As usual the story spans many of the Literotica.com categories so I hope you can find what you are looking for within. Please vote, send your comments and put me in your' favorites' tab.

*

While we were having coffee after dinner with Carl, Katelyn, Doug and Beth, I moved around the table and pulled another chair up so I could be near Josh. I whispered to him, "Are you OK with where this is all going? I love you and don't want you unhappy by anything I might do."

Josh chuckled and said, "I'm fine -- a little nervous at pleasing the passionate person on my other side that also happens to be my sister, but other than that I'm fine. This is a strange mix of love and sex. We can talk about it tomorrow, but don't have any reservations or hold back because you think I'm having second thoughts."

We kissed and nuzzled.

I caught his eye and looked deep into his mind; "So you're OK if I fuck Doug's brains out tonight and maybe blow Carl -- or vice versa?"

Josh's eyebrows nearly rotated up to his hairline.

He said, "Well both prospects sound exciting and I'll expect a blow by blow description -- so to speak. You have fun and know I wish I could watch and join in, however, I'll be equally occupied with Katelyn. Come back to our bed when you're through."

We kissed again and I moved back to Doug, stopping long enough as I walked around the table to share a kiss with Carl, who looked most pleased.

We settled the dinner bill and then took a short stroll around this part of the town. The temperatures were in the twenties and not something I was used to. I started to shiver and Doug held me. He suggested to the others that some of us weren't as warmly dressed at others and that we should head back to the warmth of Eagle Pines.

Twenty minutes later I thanked him with a hot kiss in front of the fireplace. Carl finally got the fire roaring again as Beth went around and turned out the lights. Soon the only glow in the luxurious lodge came from the large fireplace.

Josh and Katelyn stood looking at the fire, his arms wrapped around his sister. She turned and they kissed. I actually felt a warm glow inside and almost felt the kiss myself. I loved both of them and felt it special that they could finally find some unity and passion in their relationship.

Katelyn turned to some of us and said, "Please excuse us. We have some long unfinished business to address."

With that she took Josh's hand and led him to the stairs. We watched the two of them head for our bedroom -- one of the master suites in the lodge.

As my attention rejoined the others in the room, Doug came in from the kitchen carrying a small tray with a few liqueurs and small glasses on it.

He said to the four of us, "I thought it'd be nice to sit and have some additional warmth. What can I serve you? There are other things in the kitchen too."

"Oh, I'll have some Grand Marnier," I told him pointing to the short squat dark orange bottle.

"I'll have a B&B -- a Benedictine and Brandy," he announced. 

After Doug took our two glasses, Carl came and took the tray to the other end of the long sofa so he could serve Beth.

Doug sat beside me and instead of giving me my glass he took a sip of my liqueur. I was puzzled.

He leaned into me and gently pulled my head to his, clearly indicating that I should kiss him. I did and as we kissed I felt his tongue dart to my lips. I opened my mouth to welcome him and then felt him jet the liquid fire of the liqueur into my mouth while still French kissing me."

We parted. "Oh, Doug, that is so sexy. Where'd you learn to do that? Do it again," I urged him. I put one of my legs over his and turned my body more completely towards his.

He again took a sip of my Grand Marnier and even though I was ready this time, the move gave me the same thrill and stimulation that it had the first time. I could actually feel my vagina clench in a pleasure spasm as he passed me the liqueur, almost as though he had orgasmed in me with the sweet liquid.

"Let me do it to you," I said. I reached and picked up his glass. I liked the taste of the B&B.

I straddled Doug's legs, my pussy rubbing against the rising lump in his pants, and bent down to kiss him as I held the liqueur in my mouth. He opened as our lips touched and I squirted the juice into his mouth. I felt my pussy spasm again. 

We kissed and hugged some more. Doug reached up and started to un-do the buttons on my blouse. I stuck my chest out to give him a more cooperative target to work on. As he finished I started working on the buttons of his shirt. 

Soon we peeled off the layers. I pulled his t-shirt over his head. He undid the snap of my lacy bra and I let it slid down my arms into his lap.

We kissed but then I pulled his head down so he would suck on my breasts. I glanced over at Carl and Beth. They'd gotten ahead of us somehow and were almost nude. Beth had a cute figure, however, I had more 'on top' than she did and I thought I might be a treat for Doug in some way.

Doug made love to my breasts, initially fondling them then licking and biting around my areolas and nipples. Needless to say, they came to immediate attention.

I reached down and stroked the lump in his pants then said to him, "Let's get naked. This fire is too good to waste on clothed people. The heat feels great on skin."

"My thoughts exactly," Doug said. 

We both stood and carefully undid the rest of each other's clothing, allowing it to drop to the floor where we kicked it out of the way.

When we were nude, we embraced and kissed deeply again. Doug's manhood easily found its way between my legs where I trapped it against my pussy. We both sort of massaged his sausage, the lubrication from my slit rapidly assisting the process.

Finally I reached to the coffee table and took another sip of my liqueur. I approached Doug and jetted some of the warm liquid into his mouth. We toyed with each other's tongues and lips.

I went to do it again, however, before I could sip the Grand Marnier I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned into Beth. She moved into me clearly intent on kissing me. I moved to kiss her and quickly received her tongue and a jet of Kahlua -- the coffee flavoring instantly pleasing to the taste, not to mention Beth.

As we separated, she looked into my eyes and said, "I've wanted to kiss you all day -- longer; to make love to you ever since we met. Thank you for being here and for being receptive to this type of relationship."

I kissed her as the men watched. I told her with a smile, "I've never found anything to challenge my thinking and my emotions as much as relationships and times like this. Josh feels the same way. We'll talk later and we can love after we've worn these men out."

I turned to Doug and started to massage his cock, slowing masturbating him as I held Beth's neck to my face for another kiss. I made love to both husband and wife in that instant. 

Carl came close and I kissed him too, then he kissed Beth and turned her to the sofa. She sat and he lowered himself between her legs so that he could start to tongue her sex and use his fingers to pleasure her. Doug and I watched as two fingers disappeared in her pussy and Carl's tongue thrust into her slit. Beth moaned.

I turned to Doug and said, "Please wait, just a minute or two."

I knelt next to Beth on the sofa and leaned forward so I could suck on her breasts. As I did her eyes opened and she watched me with a deliriously happy expression on her face. Occasionally I would rise and kiss her lips or nose or eyes -- all in a tender manner. She purred.

Doug circled to her other side and duplicated my attention on her other breast, often kissing up to her face. One time the three of us tongued each other.

Beth reached out and fondled one of my breasts, running here hands over my smooth skin and pinching my nipples in a way that maximized my erotic feelings for what we were doing.

Carl continued the onslaught of her pussy and soon, aided by my aggressiveness at her breasts, she started to cum. At first, her breathing got heavy and louder, then I could feel her fingers squeeze my arm ever so harder as she started to crest. Next her vocalizations became louder; Beth wasn't talking, just groaning and moaning her pleasure to all of us. I thought I felt the temperature of her body change too.

She exploded in orgasm -- crying out as the spasms hit. She pulled me to her in a ferocious kiss where I could taste blood. Then Beth went almost catatonic -- her body writhed into a rigid mass of pleasure, she froze in position as the climax washed through her and then collapsed back into the deep cushions in temporary exhaustion.

Beth's eyes opened and she looked with such expansiveness and care at Carl, Doug and me. "I love you all so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. That was stupendous." She pulled her legs up to her chest so she became a little naked ball of happiness. Carl rose and kissed her, his face covered with her emissions.

After their kiss I pulled Carl to me so I could not only kiss him but also lick some of Beth's secretions from his face. I liked Beth's taste and Carl didn't seem to mind my cleaning him up -- in fact he was more than cooperative and kissed me whenever my lips and tongue got near his mouth.

As Carl and I kissed, Doug moved behind me, kissing my shoulders and back; his hands wrapped around me to fondle my breasts again.

Next I felt Carl's fingers tracing along my lower abdomen and then running along my slit. I felt so sexually moist that I knew he could feel my excitement. He brought his finger up to his mouth and tasted me.

"Delicious," he whispered to me as he kissed me.

I felt Doug's fingers wrapping around me to also savor my nectar. Soon his digits joined Carl's in running along my slit -- allowing my juices to flow onto their hands. Doug smelled and tasted me as well.

Then I felt fingers from two different hands enter my vagina. Oh, how erotic. I moaned as they jointly made their entrance into my body.

"Oh, fuck, that's hot. Don't stop!" I told them both. They didn't seem inclined to stop in any case. 

I threw my head back and leaned against Doug as the two men made love to my body.

Then Doug eased me down on the sofa a few feet down from Beth. She watched our loving with interest and contentment from her just completed loving.

Doug knelt in front of me and licked up my slit. I about went through the roof. The sensation was spectacular and I told him so in a throaty whisper.

He rose and then shuffled in front of me so his erect cock came right to my entrance. In a smooth move he thrust into me, bottoming out as he pushed in. 

One of the moments that I enjoy so much in sexual intercourse is that first penetration, particularly with a new partner. The feel of a full, hot penis sliding passionately into my vagina is a colossal turn-on for me. Doug's invasion gave me that wonderful feeling and I immediately got close to my own orgasm. 

I told him, "I'm near. Just to have you inside me -- after all this play, our foreplay -- all this has made me close. Just fuck me quick for a little while."

Doug's hips sped up at my urging; his body slapped against mine. A minute later I crested into a magnificent orgasm full of fireworks and shooting stars. I rolled with the feeling letting it wash through me.

When I opened my eyes Doug appeared, gently moving his cock back and forth inside me in little motions just to keep his own interest up. I could tell he remained rock hard.

He smiled at me. "Someone else would like to share you," he said. Doug pulled out of me with a jerk, his sudden vacancy giving me a jolt of sexual electricity.

Carl knelt before me, his erect cock in hand. Then Carl slid into me, sinking his long cock deep down my vagina. I had that same feeling that Doug had given me a moment earlier. I neared a climax again. 

"Oh, fuck. You're doing it to me too. I'm near again -- so soon. Fuck me. Harder" 

Carl sped up. I talked to him, "You have to save some for Beth. You want to fuck her too. We all want to fuck each other. Oh ... shit ... I'm ... you're making ... me ... cum again."

Another orgasm washed through me. I clutched Carl to my breasts as he pushed himself into me to the maximum. As I floated down Carl pulled himself from my vagina.

Neither Doug nor Carl had cum, their stiff rods evidence of their continued ardor. They'd each brought me off, however, and I wanted still more. 

Doug had sat next to me on the sofa as Carl fucked me, occasionally stroking my skin. I looked at him and he motioned for me to mount him. I rolled myself onto his lap, impaling myself on his erect cock as I did. I started to ride him with great enthusiasm.

Much to my surprise I felt Carl behind me. A lubricated finger found my anal opening as I slowed to allow his entry. He pushed his digit into my ass slowly, allowing me to get used to the unusual penetration. After my muscles stopped rejecting his advance, I felt him withdraw.

Doug had stopped pumping into me with long strokes; he had me move slowly up and down on him as Carl did something behind me. Next I felt a dollop of lubrication being applied at my anal opening then Carl's cock waded through the gelatinous mix and pushed slowly into my ass. I relaxed and did all the things I could to facilitate his entry.

Finally he was in me. Now I had that full feeling double over. I moaned, very loudly as Carl's cock had slid into me. The two men started to pump into me, experimenting to find a frequency and pace that maximized the pleasure for all of us.

I started squeaking and shrieking as their organs hit key spots in my anatomy. The pressure of Carl's cock in my rectum pushed Doug's cock right against my G-spot, thus I'd gone into near ecstasy as the two men pumped into me.

"Oh fuck me; both of you. Oh, God, I love having all this cock in me at once. I like being fucked in my ass. Carl, you're so good at this -- it feels just right. You're making me hotter than hell. All I want to do is fuck. Doug, you're cock is on my ... G-SPOT!" I yelled. "OH FUCK."

The men slammed into me harder and harder, with longer and longer strokes. 

I screamed again, a long wail as the cocks pumped into me. The combination of cock and Doug sucking and biting at my breasts drove me right up to the edge of delirium. I wailed, "OOOOOH FUCK MEEEEEEE." I was sure they could hear me in town.

How we all managed to remain connected is still a mystery to me. We went on and on and the pleasure I felt just became more and more intense.

I yelled some more, "FUCK ME! FUCK ME! I'M CUMMMMMMING." I slammed myself down on Doug and froze in position. Carl drove his cock up my ass one more time. 

I could feel both men cum deep inside me. Doug's cock surged fluid into my vagina; Carl's cock twitched mightily as his cum filled my ass.

Not only did I cum, I ejected a huge amount of girl juice as my orgasm hit. Beth told me later that it has to do with orgasms triggered more from your G-spot. Whatever or however, I flooded Doug with my ejaculate -- and me too. 

I'd screamed one last time as I collapsed onto Doug's chest, his cock and Carl's both deep in my body.

I purred into Doug's shoulder. Carl massaged my back. Beth had moved beside us and also smoothed me.

As I opened my eyes I also found Josh and Katelyn standing behind the sofa. They were both naked and Josh's cock had a slippery sheen to it.

"Wow," I said. "Everyone's here -- and you two have been fucking."

Katelyn laughed at my observation and said, "Yes, and that's the hardest cum I've ever seen anyone have. When we heard you start to go into orbit, we had to come downstairs and watch."

Josh smiled warmly at me. "I knew these guys would take care of you."

"You knew I'd be DP'd tonight?" I asked him.

He nodded. "This is one of your Christmas presents. I sort of orchestrated it a week or so ago with your cohorts here. "

"Then thank you -- thank you all. I've never, never had such an intense orgasm." I wiggled my body over Doug's hips in an appreciative manner. "I'm still feeling little aftershocks."

"Probably has to do with feeling comfortable with where you are, who you're with, and all the foreplay you've indulged in all day -- all evening -- even all week," Doug said with a grin.

Josh leaned over the sofa and kissed me. "I love you." He paused and added, "Kate and I are going back upstairs. Join us if you want." 

"No, I'm happy here for now. I may never walk again but you two enjoy. Bye for now," I said, "And thank you again. Thank you all."

A minute later, Carl pulled away and I pulled off of Doug, rotating onto my back so I didn't drip cum all over the sofa.

Before I could think about getting up or getting some tissues to stem the flow of the juices from my nether region, Beth knelt in front of me and assailed my pussy and ass. I didn't expect her to be there and it caught me by surprise.

"Oh, hot damn," I muttered as her tongue caught the first rivulets of cum from each of my orifices. 

"I love their cum," Beth said as she pulled away from the area momentarily. "Of course, I've eaten lots of it over the past couple of years -- usually from Katelyn's cunt. I like your taste." She paused and thought, lapping here lips then added, "No, I love your taste." 

She dove back into me, this time extending her tongue deep into my pussy. Fingers milked the fluid from my body onto her tongue. 

I got hotter and more stimulated again -- it wasn't taking much. When Beth had captured as much cum as she was likely to get from this session, she drove one of her hands into me until it completely disappeared inside me. She twisted and turned her hand as she fisted me. Her knuckles rubbed against my G-spot and my God it triggered intense pleasure. While she did this, she used her tongue on my clit even sucking my enlarged nub into her mouth.

I came again ... and again ... and again. I entered a state I'd never been in before where life became one continuous orgasm. I went from one bliss to another with almost no time in between, no afterglow and recovery, just a gentle oscillating from one cum to the next. I let out one very long continuous moan as she helped me move along by doing different things with her mouth, her tongue, her fingers, and her fist.

I think the two men started to suck on my breasts somewhere in the middle of my long cum. My eyes were closed but I became aware of additional pleasure from all over my body.

And then I felt myself drifting in the dark -- feeling warm and loved. I wondered if an out of body experience felt like this. Were they sexual? Could they be? I drifted around, like a gossamer leaf floating peacefully to the ground.

The afterglow consumed me and wrapped me in its love. I felt love from all directions. I lived in love. I gave it and I received it many times over. 

My eyes fluttered open as I came back to this world. I reclined against Beth who held me in her arms, her legs wrapped around me. Doug had stretched out in front of the fire, his head in my lap. Carl walked in from the kitchen with bottles of water for us all, as well as some blankets. We were all nude.

He said, "These are in case anyone wants to sleep here tonight -- in front of the fire."

I couldn't talk apparently. Beth took a blanket and said to Carl and Doug, "Megan and I are going to sleep here." 
