 This is the fourth story in the 'Temporary Girlfriend' series. This two-part story captures the essence of Megan's honeymoon and the remarkable things they learned from a 'teacher.' This story will be enhanced by reading the earlier parts of the 'TG' series, however, you can read this as a stand alone story. Enjoy. Vote. Write your comments. Add me to your 'Favorites'. Namasté.

*

I'm married. Wow!

I'm Mrs. Megan Bannock. 

Do I like that name? I could keep my maiden name – Watson; I could remain Megan Watson. Josh could become Josh Watson instead of Josh Bannock. I could do a hyphen: Mrs. Megan Watson-Bannock or Mrs. Megan Bannock-Watson. We could both do a hyphen. Decisions. Decisions. I'd have to talk to Josh when he and the other guys got back from their golf game. I thought it amazing we hadn't thought about this in the year we were engaged.

As I pondered my name and other deep questions, I floated in the pool at the L'Oasis, a private villa we'd arranged for our honeymoon party on several acres of land on St. Marteen in the Netherlands Antilles. The estate consisted of a large Moroccan-style home with seven master bedrooms, several other bedrooms, two pools – an Olympic size 'negative edge' pool by the house and a smaller pool down by the beach, an eight person Jacuzzi (that we had fourteen people in the night before), and a vista of the waters where the Caribbean Sea kisses the Atlantic Ocean.

The view from the patio around the pool was spectacular. One perspective looked across the water to some of the hills making up the rest of St. Marteen; the other view looked across the Caribbean Sea where dozens of small yachts and ketches played against the azure sea. Further, the temperature was a balmy eighty-five degrees.

There were fourteen of us partying at L'Oasis – all on our honeymoon: Josh and I, the newly weds as of three days earlier; Ray, Stacy and Fiona – the ménage a trois surrounding Fiona, one of Josh's sisters; Carl and Katelyn – Josh's other sister; Doug and Beth – intimate friends of Carl and Katelyn and now all of us; my sister Amy; and two guys that had been Josh and my flight instructors for the Cessna Citation jet – Greg and Dave. 

Josh and I had flown Carl, Katelyn, Doug, Beth and Amy down in a rented Cessna Citation. We rented a plane because I had crash landed Josh's Citation about four weeks earlier when I'd had landing gear problems. This trip was the first I'd flown since the crash. I was reluctant to pilot the Citation down to the Island but Josh insisted so that I would get my 'sea legs' back after the accident. By the time I landed I had regained some of my excitement about aviation.

Josh and I hadn't participated, however, all our passengers availed themselves of the opportunity to join the Mile High Club during our flight to St. Marteen's from Boston – with a refueling stopover in Jacksonville mandated by headwinds on the trip down. Once during the flight a very odiferous and nude Amy came into the cockpit and kissed the two of us. She tried to persuade Josh to come back and make love to her but he begged off in favor of a more relaxed time in the evening.

Greg and Dave had flown the rest of our revelers down in a twelve-passenger Lear Jet they'd borrowed from the Wichita Flight Safety Center where they worked and were part owners. As in the other plane, the passengers – and pilots taking turns in this case – played in the Mile High Club on their way to the Island. Fiona, of course, insisted on having her picture taken sitting naked on Greg's lap and impaled on his long cock as they flown along at 40,000-feet. Alex took the pornographic picture but only if Fiona took a similar photo of her. There were other photos too that Jeremy later shared with us from his laptop.

We'd landed in mid-afternoon on Monday and it was almost five o'clock by the time our large party got to L'Oasis. We were all nude in the pool within five minutes of our arrival. Everyone understood the Island's dress code.

We found the Villa well stocked for our arrival and soon everyone had a beer or wine and hors d'oeuvres to nibble on as they basked in the sun or floated in the upper pool. We were a frisky bunch and there proved to be no end of erotic play and suggestions about how we could all spend our night. A few of us ran down the steps to the beach and splashed in the Caribbean just to feel the soft salt water on our bodies.

The first night at the Villa Josh, Amy and I made love to one another, taking turns being the one being pleasured by the other two. Even with the events of the past few days and our love making the previous night I remained incredulous yet ecstatic about my sudden bisexual relationship with my sister. She told me she felt the same way and we both agreed that neither of us wanted to change back to the way things were before.

Amy and I woke early and went for a run down the beach. Both of us conceded the use of sports bras to control the sway and oscillation of our breasts as we ran. Both of us shed our bras and running shorts as soon as we returned to the Villa. We were sitting nude in the kitchen talking as some of the others started to arrive in a similar state of dress.

The kitchen in the Villa opened into a huge family room and into a media center in another direction. A formal dining room that could seat us all opened into a Great Room, complete with a cathedral ceiling and a balcony running around the upstairs perimeter off of which the large bedrooms flowed. Even for its size, the house design favored close and intimate relationships. Outside the bedrooms a shared porch ran the length of the house and looked out over the Caribbean.

Amy and I welcomed people into the kitchen by walking up to the individual and pressing our bodies into them as we gave them a sincere and loving kiss. The response proved unanimous: every person not only kissed back but reflected our sexual feelings for them back to us. Most of the men displayed other signs of excitement at our 'good morning' kiss.

Eventually everyone sat in some way in the kitchen or nearby family room area, all of us focused on each other and the planned events for the day.

Josh told us all, "There are two planned events for the day. First, there are two tee times at a nearby golf course in an hour. Who would like to play – raise your hands?"

Ray, Carl, Jeremy, Greg, David and Doug's hands all went up instantly; Beth's hand also rose. Josh said, "OK, the eight of us should get ready to go now. We should be back by three o'clock. This will work out well because at four o'clock there is a special event that you should all be here for. In the meantime, please no love making or sexing around."

A chorus of "What's going to happen?" and "Is someone coming?" echoed through the kitchen of the Villa, particularly from those of us that weren't going golfing.  We were all curious about his secret.

Josh explained, "I won't tell you the details for what happens at four – and into the evening too, I might add, but you will want to save your sexual juices and erotic feelings. I guarantee you will all like what happens – even love it. By the way, you should be dressed casually at four."

Several in our group probed Josh for details but he was resolute in not providing any further information.

As Josh went up to change into his golfing clothes, I followed him. In our bedroom I locked him in a passionate embrace and pushed my pussy up his leg, begging for a quickie – and information about what was going to happen.

Josh said stoicly, "No sex. No further information." He gave me a sly little grin. He pushed me away from him, kissed me on the nose and sat me firmly on the bed. I pushed my lower lip out in a mock pout.

"You don't love me," I told him in a last futile attempt to elicit his secrets for the afternoon from him.

He finished dressing, came and kissed me on the nose again. He said, "I love you very much and will love you more than ever later – and forever, in fact. Now you be a good golf widow and I'll see you later, Darling. Oh, yes, behave yourself." He disappeared. I followed along behind but it was only to watch him join the others and see them disappear in the cars to the golf links.

Amy, Fiona, Stacy, Alex, Katelyn and I congregated in the kitchen. They expected that I knew something about the four o'clock event. I didn't and it took a few minutes of intense grilling and persuasion before they believed I knew as little as they did. 

Alex, Fiona and Katelyn went off to the beach area in the nude to swim in the ocean and then relax around the lower pool. Stacy announced she was going to take a morning nap or read or both; she waddled off towards the living room with a paperback and I watched her curl up on the sofa and go right to sleep, her nude and pregnant body laying on its side in a way so her baby girl put the least pressure on any vital organs. I teared up now every time I looked at her swollen belly because my namesake was in there, just a few weeks from her arrival in this world.

Later, Amy and I went to the big pool and after finding some floats, set out to lounge around the pool. We shared a few erotic moments when we took turns applying sun tan lotion in liberal amounts to each of our bodies, paying particularly attention to "tits and clits" as Amy said. Other than that we behaved ourselves. 

The two of us had a rich talk, catching up on each other's lives. The difference from earlier times we'd seen each other was that now we had this new dimension that we could both talk about with each other – our sex lives. By the time we pulled our naked bodies from the pool, I was surprised the water hadn't boiled away. We had both shared most of the significant sexual events in our lives and bonded with each other in a unique and erotic way that we had never done before.

"Details. Details. Details," Amy implored me. "Come on I want details about how this Caribbean Orgy all came to pass. Go back to day one!" 

That was how we started, yet some of the stories and events I shared with her went back to when I lost my virginity in high school, a threesome I'd had several times with an old boyfriend, my Sapphic relationship with Alex, another threesome, meeting Josh, and then all the various combinations I'd had over the past year leading up to this week on the Island.

Amy shared with me the details of a swing club she and a prior boyfriend had frequented, then her integration into a neighborhood in California where she ended up adopting a less lusty and more loving approach to her sex life, the latter providing a more satisfying set of relationships and feelings for her. We also talked about bisexuality and how it was different for women and men.

We talked about our values around relationships and sex and how they'd morphed over the years to where they were now. Somehow, quite independently of each other, we were pretty neutral on monogamy, believing we could each love more than one person at a time and, in fact, had or did. Further, neither of us wanted to be 'owned,' or to 'own' someone else; we wanted mature adult-adult relationships amongst equals. We both believed that our sexuality led to personal growth in many different ways and that we didn't think exclusivity supported our growth – we needed to be with other people in many different ways, including sexually.

"Life is too short to allow someone you feel you have chemistry with to pass by in an unfulfilled relationship," Amy told me; I agreed. "That said, I believe that sex is only one way to express your feelings and emotions for another person. These days the atmosphere has to be right, the ambience right, for me to get the most from hooking up with someone."

I chided her, "So is that why you got into the Mile High Club so quickly?" I shot her a teasing grin.

Amy laughed, "Well, to tell you the truth, every guy you hang around with turns me on. Maybe I'm lining up for sloppy seconds, but I think Doug and Carl are super and generous lovers, not to mention their wives. We were all in seventh heaven in the back of that plane as we romped around. Thank you for providing the forum for me to lose my high altitude virginity and to bond more deeply with everybody; I will forever be able to hold my head up high knowing I am a well-qualified member of the Club." She gave me a lecherous grin.

Amy and I fixed salads for everyone, leaving one covered for Stacy who still slept in the living room. We carried our lunch and those for the others down to the beach joining Alex, Fiona and Katelyn. They were sitting in a triangle talking away when we arrived. They opened their circle to include us, and soon all of us launched into lunch and discussion of the major assets of the masseuses I'd arranged for the female members of the bridal party the morning of my wedding.

About two o'clock, I announced my short nap, carried the lunch dishes back to the house, and launched myself into the pool on my float again. I instantly slept awaking about an hour later as I heard the cars pull into the driveway.

The golfers arrived full of good cheer and recounting various elements of their game, duffed shots, and questionable scoring. I got out of the pool and greeted them all, continuing to enjoy the long period of my daytime nudity. I'd have to remember to ask Josh about going to a nudist retreat some time.

After a few minutes regrouping, Josh went down to the beach to herd the women down there back to the main house and into some clothes. I headed to our bedroom for a quick shower and some shorts and a colorful top. Josh joined me but carefully avoided physical contact with me as he showered and dressed. The lack of contact almost wound me up as tight as if we'd touched and teased each other, perhaps because it was so obvious an omission in our normal behavior.

One by one everyone joined us in the living room until all fourteen of us sat there looking at Josh. 

He said, "Just be patient. We're to have a visitor I arranged. There is no part of this you won't enjoy and treasure for the rest of your lives. Our visitor will be here any moment, I'm sure."

We chatted until Doug heard a car in the driveway. "Someone's just arrived," he announced.

Josh said to us all, "I'll welcome our guest. Just wait here." He left the room and headed towards the front door of the Villa.

I heard the door open then some greeting sounds and friendly conversation between Josh and a woman.Joyous laughter came from the hallway.

Seconds later, Josh ushered a tall middle-aged Indian woman into the living room. She had long, jet black hair and nearly matching eyes beautifully set in her angular face. She carried herself in a stately manner and through her colorful sari I could see her magnificent figure. 

Josh said, "I would like to introduce you all to Alyssa Ramahandra. Please tell her your names as you greet her." 

We'd all stood and Alyssa went to Doug who was nearest the door. She stood facing him as he put his hand out in a greeting and told her, "I'm Doug."

Alyssa moved inside his outstretched arm and embraced him in a hug and kissed him on the left cheek. She said, "And I am Alyssa – your teacher and your new love."

Doug look puzzled.

Alyssa moved to Beth. She said, "I am Beth – Doug's wife." She too held her hand out in the very American form of greeting.

Alyssa moved inside her arm too and hugged Beth to her as she'd done before. "Beth, I am Alyssa – your teacher and your new love."

Alyssa repeated the process around the room until she'd completed our circle of fourteen. In the end she and Josh shared an even tighter embrace and kiss.

We all looked on with a great sense of puzzlement yet now stood awed by the impressive personality of this woman. Warmth and love emanated not only from her body but also from her very essence.

Josh motioned for us all to sit and we did. "You are all probably puzzled by Alyssa's presence with us. Alyssa is my guru, my teacher, and one of the first women in my life that I loved and still love with great devotion."

He locked eyes with me and I could tell by the smile and his laughing eyes that he had so much more to tell.

Josh went on, "When I was twenty-two and just out of college I dated a girl who told me I needed to take up tantric sex if I ever expected to get to third base with her – let alone home plate. At the time I thought it might be an interesting endeavor and, as it turned out, I had a misguided idea of what tantric sex was all about. I was at a lusty age and the idea of infinitely long orgasms and bringing irresistible pleasures to your partner stimulated my interest. The girlfriend eventually disappeared but my interest in Tantra and in particular tantric sex remained."

A few heads nodded in acknowledgement but not in understanding of where the afternoon was going.

He continued, "It turns out Tantra is so much more than some interesting sexual techniques. The process the way Alyssa taught me dealt with my holistic self – my Mind, Body and Spirit. I got these parts of my life in alignment and felt the richer for it."

Josh looked at me and smiled, "I've tried some of the techniques and things I remember on Megan, but I've forgotten so much I wanted a refresher. Further, as I got into graduate school and then the Bannock Foundation, I got out of balance – way too much work and not enough attention to the other parts of my life. Megan has restored some of that balance and I want to enter my new relationship with her with both of us balanced and complete individuals."

He continued, "We've proven beyond a doubt to each other that we are a very lusty and loving group of people - a fact I thank the Universe for every day. That said, however, I wanted Megan and me to start our marriage not only with a western view of our sexuality but also a deep appreciation of the philosophy and practices of tantric sex – a more eastern view of thing. I know from what I've learned it will make our lives more delicious and full of joy. Moreover I thought it might interest you so I invited Alyssa to come down to the Island and join us for a few days and play teacher as well as enjoy the Villa with us."

Ray said, "I've heard of tantric sex but that's about all." Several other heads nodded to indicate their same level of awareness.

Alyssa spoke in her pure voice; "Tantra actually started about six-thousand years ago for many of the same reasons the protestant movement started in the western world in the 1500s. The religious movement that preceded it was corrupt, stifling, controlling, and had reached a point where it forbad sex for any reason other than procreation. Tantra re-launched a beautiful spirituality and embedded in it an appreciation of sex for procreation, for pleasure, and for spiritual connection with the Universe and your partner. The focus became completeness for the individual in terms of Mind, Body and Spirit."

Josh stepped in again, "The balance I spoke of a moment ago is a journey not an end point. Tantric sex is much the same. As I found some sort of Mind, Body and Spiritual balance, I also found I became a better lover. I produced more pleasure for my dates and for myself, made the right things last longer, and eliminated inessentials. I could be more genuine and intimate in my relationships and found new and exciting meaning in those couplings. I was a better person and now I need to re-ground myself in some of those fundamentals."

Josh spoke softly, "Alyssa, tell us about what you'll teach us this week – if we're lucky." He smiled at her.

"Based on what Josh has told me about you and your passionate times together, I believe you would like to find out how to extend and even heighten the pleasure you give and derive from each other. In the short time I can spend with you I will show you some techniques, however, this area is about energy management – sexual energy management by your conscious and unconscious mind."
