 This is the fourth story in the 'Temporary Girlfriend' series; in order the list is Temporary Girlfriend (TG); TG - Christmas Holidays; TG -- The Flight Instructors; and now this one. There will be at least one more TG - Honeymoon. Like the others and by popular request, I have put Megan -- the main character -- through some aviation incidents -- in part based on my own experience as a pilot. I know the details of that section are 'off' a little; please be tolerant as this is fiction and I needed to take some privilege lest the story belong on some aviation website. 

As with many of my stories, they bridge so many literotica.com subject areas that I found it hard to categorize the story: Group, Erotic Coupling, Lesbian, Anal, Incest, and probably a few others. Please enjoy this story. Please Vote! And please drop me a note with your suggestions and comments. 

*

Fiona lifted her pussy from my face, a satisfied expression on hers. 

"You have the best tongue," she told me. "You understand a woman's body parts. Stacy does too. Ray, I'm still educating but he's a really good student." She flopped down next to me in the large king-size bed.

"And you taste better than anyone I know," I told her. "I love capturing your juices. I could survive on nothing but you all day long."

"What about my brother?" Fiona asked in a teasing voice.

"Oh, well, that's different," I explained in a flirty voice. "His protein helps build strong bodies eight ways. He gives me the stamina to bring you pleasure on a constant basis -- at least when you're around."

Fiona rolled her nude body into mine and we kissed. The kiss wasn't as hot as the ones we'd used when we started but still had a sultry and sensuous air about them.

We parted and our hands immediately went to each other's vulvas, our fingers lightly stroking and probing. We'd each cum a couple of times at the hands of the other, so there was no urgency to do more. We were just appreciating each other's sex and loving one another.

Fiona said, "I am so glad you're going to marry my brother next month. You are such a 'hot' sister-in-law. People like you -- and my brother too -- are the reasons incest was invented.

"Ahem," a loud male voice made its presence known at the bedroom doorway.

"JOSH," Fiona screamed as she hopped up from the bed and ran naked into her brother's arms.

They hugged and kissed rather passionately. I lay back on the bed and enjoyed seeing them greet each other for the first time in three months.

Fiona tugged at Josh, leading him toward the bed. "We've been getting reacquainted since I arrived this afternoon. Why don't you take your clothes off and join us? We have two fuckable pussies and lots of hugs and kisses for you."

Josh got a grin that let me know he liked the idea of fucking the two of us. He peeled off his clothes rapidly, tossing them onto a chair near the bed. Josh is one of the most handsome men I've ever seen -- clothed or nude. Nude you could see his abs and sculptured chest along with the sinews of his neck, arms and legs; he also had one of the nicest asses I'd ever imagined on a man.

Fiona pulled him to the bed by his enlarging cock -- also a masterpiece of manhood. When they were both in the geography, she leaned over him and sucked his entire length into her mouth and throat. 

Josh threw his head back and moaned, "Oh, Fi. You know when you do that you'll make me cum in mere seconds. I want to have intercourse with you. I haven't seen you for three months."

"Then fuck me, Lover," Fiona said as she rolled from his body next to me and spread her legs in a wondrous offering.

I caught Josh's eye and grinned. I held up the dildo Fiona and I had been playing with. I said, "If you don't fuck her, I will!"

Josh rolled between her legs, positioned his rock hard penis at the entrance to her vagina, and pushed into his sister slowly until there was no more cock to enter the available pussy. I plunged the dildo into my pussy as he sank into her. We all moaned.

As Josh and Fiona made love to each other, I watched and used the dildo on my own genitals -- vicariously joining in their lovemaking. Josh leaned over and kissed me at one point. He asked, "So how was your day?"

I just grinned at him -- a lecherous grin that basically told him that his sister and I had been 'sexually involved' since she arrived about two hours earlier. I'd pretty well forgotten what I'd done at work in the morning and early afternoon; who cared!

As he pumped into Fiona he told me, "I hope you know how much I love you as my 'temporary girlfriend'. I sort of hate to change that label when we get married next month."

Josh and I met eleven months earlier at a nearby Starbucks. The next day he asked if I'd be his 'temporary girlfriend' while he attended Fiona's wedding; he needed to show up with a 'girlfriend' but had no hope of getting one before the weekend except me. One thing led to another, and he proposed to me six days after meeting me and I accepted, however, I kept the appellation of 'temporary girlfriend' because I liked how it sounded. When I gave that title rather than 'fiancée' people took notice and I liked that.

"Megan, please suck on my breasts," Fiona requested in a pleading voice.

I rolled into her as Josh rose to give me room to operate. I worked Fiona's tits the way a baby might -- a high-speed baby. I rolled her nipples in my mouth and then sucked nipple and areola back and forth in my mouth as fast as I could. I already knew it drove Fiona wild.

Between Josh's full penis and my attack on her breasts, we made Fiona cum. Her back arched and at one point I wasn't sure what was holding her up off the bed. 

"OH, FUCK!" She screamed. "THAT was wonderful. Oh, it's so nice to be back with you guys."

Josh showered his sister with kisses. He told her, "Well it's nice to have you back with us. I've missed you and know Megan has too." I nodded in agreement.

Fiona said, "Josh, you didn't cum. Make love to your fiancée -- right now!"

I rolled from the two of them and Josh positioned between my legs. Soon he and I entered that comfortable state of intercourse that two lovers know who are used to each other. I wrapped my legs around his upper body as he thrust into me, driving hard the way he knows I like it unless I tell him otherwise.

I started a series of little moans and grunts in sync with his lunges into my body.

"Fiona, suck on my breasts," I asked her. Turnabout was fair play.

She moved into position and worked on my left breast. She said, "I'm going to try to duplicate what you did to me. That was pussy puckering as it turned out."

Fiona was a fast learner. She and Josh brought me to a lovely orgasm in about another minute. Josh came too; I could feel his cum washing down the walls of my vagina as he made his last few thrusts into me.

We cooed and cuddled into each other, Josh atop me. He reached out and pulled Fiona into our cluster.

"Can I have last licks," Fiona asked.

We both nodded and she slipped down the bed. She first lapped our combined juices off of Josh's cock then gave me the rare treat of sucking his juices from my gaping vagina. She'd dip a finger into my cream pie, pull out some of his fluids, and just as rapidly lap them away.

"See," I said. "It helps build strong bodies eight ways." Josh looked puzzled but didn't ask for clarification.

Fiona and I fixed dinner in the nude. Josh, wearing briefs, watched us with a continuous ogle. I rather enjoyed his lusty looks at the two of us.

"So what's the schedule while you're here?" I asked Fiona as I put the salad on the dinner table. "What do you need me to do?"

Fiona responded, "You've got four weeks to the wedding. There are a million things you haven't thought of but I have. I have a spreadsheet in my briefcase. Tomorrow we are getting your final fitting of your dress; we're going to checkout the chapel again, only this time with the florist; we're going to visit the country club where the reception will be and tidy up the arrangements; tomorrow night we're going to hear the band live; we have to choose a cake design; and many other things like that. Ask me when I have my list in front of me and don't plan on doing much except with me for the next four days."

She thought for minute and said, "OH, YES. We have to talk about your honeymoon and what you want to have happen there."

"You're flying back on Tuesday?" Josh asked.

"Yes," Fiona said. "I'm worried about Stacy and how she's getting around. She has the seven-month waddle. Plus, I do have a job I'm supposed to be doing something about."

I said, "Well, I am unbelievably glad that you took all this over as my wedding planner. How'll I ever repay you?"

Fiona thought for a moment with a sexy grin and said, "Let me wear that little Butterfly you have and you carry the remote control." We all laughed and I readily agreed to her request. Josh asked if he could carry the remote from time to time; Fiona said "Of course."

I asked the details about Stacy's pregnancy and how Ray was responding to the two of them. I got a glowing report of the soon to be father as well as more details about the baby girl. Ray was Fiona's husband and Stacy her wife -- and Ray's other wife. That first week when I met Josh, it was Fiona's wedding we'd gone to. We'd also gone on the first day or so of their honeymoon with the three of them, sharing ourselves with them as they did with us. After getting into Stacy with me, Josh made love to Fiona for the first time on that honeymoon trip to Mexico.

I like the term 'dalliance' to describe our play after dinner. We teased each other in an extended foreplay session that really raised the stakes for the eventual orgasms that we started to trigger in each other. Physiology being what it is, Fiona and I held off triggering Josh so we could both enjoy him later. That didn't keep us from driving each other crazy.

The next day I dragged Fiona out of bed. She'd crossed two time zones to come to Boston and complained bitterly about having to get up at eight o'clock on a Saturday -- or six a.m. in Denver, where the Bannock family originated. Josh poured some coffee into his sister and soon she started to rally.

In spite of the temptation, we took separate showers to wash off the long sexual evening we'd spent the night before. Fiona showered last; when she finished I made sure she'd find the toy by leaving the infamous Butterfly and its remote control on a pillow next to her suitcase.

Josh prepared French toast for us for breakfast. He'd just finished the first griddle full of our treats when Fiona came out of the bedroom. 

Fiona oozes sexuality and that morning was no exception. She had on a silk blouse; however, the way the fabric folded over her breasts emphasized her bust. Normally a C-cup, she could have passed for a DD. I thought she might have spray painted on the blue jeans; they hugged almost every curve of her shapely legs and made her ass one of the most desirable things in the western world without her looking cheap or slutty. She wore three-inch Ferragamo heels to complete the ensemble.

Josh whistled. I told her, "You're hot. Planning on picking up someone while you're here, I take it?" She laughed and bent over to show us that she wasn't wearing a bra and that when she dipped her breasts were certainly visible in all their glory.

"Oh, yummy," Josh said. "Can I suck on them later -- like after breakfast?"

"Behave yourself," she told him. "No sex with your sister until we get back from our appointed rounds so we can get you married to this noble virgin. She paused for theatrical effect and added, "Well, not quite a virgin; this one appears to be a pre-owned model."

I flipped her the bird and then kissed the end of my middle finger for her benefit.

Josh planned on working most of the day -- a not unusual occurrence. Over breakfast, Fiona laid out her spreadsheet showing us what she'd been orchestrating from her home in Denver. I was aghast at the level of effort she'd put in; I had no idea weddings took so much time and effort. I effused with my thanks.

As the living room clock chimed nine, Fiona and I headed out the door to go to David's Bridal Shop. Josh had left me his Porsche so I could exercise his car for him. He'd encouraged me to be an aggressive driver of the vintage car, thus we reached the suburban shop twenty miles to the north in a little under twenty minutes.

Marjorie attended to us -- to me actually. I'd picked a strapless lace gown with a cinched taffeta full-length skirt and what the shop called a chapel train of thin lace that flowed downward from a tiara veil. We were pleased with the ensemble and a few nips and tucks were pinned into the dress so that it's ultimate fit would be perfect.

We went to an early lunch at the Andover Country Club, enjoying our salads as the golfers came and went on the beautiful spring day. I caught a few looks but nothing compared to what Fiona commanded in her tight jeans and heels. I noticed our waiter spent an inordinate amount of time behind or leaning over Fiona's shoulder as well, both well aware of the view of her breasts that he enjoyed

The Special Events Coordinator found us and joined us for coffee as we talked about the arrangements for the reception. She then showed us around the Club, particularly the ballroom where the reception would be held in a month's time. Fiona presented the Coordinator with a timeline of the reception detailing what should be happening minute by minute. The schedule impressed and the Coordinator agreed to the content without reservation.

We stopped by the church where we'd get married, the large chapel on the Phillips Academy campus in Andover. Fiona told me we were coming back on Sunday morning to see it full of people (mostly students) and to talk to the minister.

Next, we swung by Lord & Taylor for bridesmaid gifts. Fiona, Stacy and Katelyn were three of my bridesmaids along with my old friend Alex from London and my sister Amy. Fiona also picked out some gifts for the groomsmen to relieve her brother of that chore.

We were back at the condo at five-thirty. Josh came in the door five minutes after we did. Over some nice wine, we shared our day and Josh approved the gifts he'd give -- an iPod Touch -- to the groomsmen. He'd asked Ray and Carl, his brothers in law, to be two of his aides and he thought he knew of two others he wanted as well. 

As we lounged around the living room, I asked to no one in particular, "What's tonight? Something about a band."

Fiona checked her watch. "Right. We have to be at a club called Shasta's in Newton at nine o'clock -- that's when they start playing.

"Dress code?" I asked.

"Like this," Fiona indicated holding her arms out to indicate the outfit she'd worn all day. "No need to change." She looked at Josh and added, "Except lose the Nikes and put on some dress shoes -- without socks!"

"Yes, Sis!" Josh retorted with a smile.

Shasta's turned out to be a great nightclub and the band rocked. The whole place vibrated to their music. I appreciated that it wasn't so loud you couldn't talk to your dance partners and at the table we could actually hear each other -- most of the time.

Fiona attracted a following. She had two guys that exuded lust for her body and she seemed most receptive to their advances. Both were good looking hunks but I didn't think either of them had an IQ over 80. She didn't seem to care.

As Josh and I cuddled and watched Fiona press her body against one of the guys, I had a flash of brilliance. "Oh, the Butterfly." 

I searched through Fiona's purse and found the unused remote to the Butterfly I hoped she'd put on that morning. The small unit had two controls: on-off and intensity. I turned the intensity down to about a quarter and flipped the 'on' switch. I knew from personal experience that she'd experience a warm pleasurable vibration focused right on her clitoris from the small device.

Josh and I both watched as she jerked her body into her dance partner in initial response to the vibrations she felt. I let the device run for a couple of moments, again knowing from my own experience that her sexual temperature was rising rapidly.

I shut the device off just before the song ended. Another slow number started up and the second guy came and claimed the right to dance with her. As they nestled into each other, I cranked up the intensity and flipped the switch to 'on' again. Fiona pushed her pussy into the guy's leg as they danced, trying in some way to either bring herself off or end the torment of being on the brink of orgasm. I shut the device off. Fiona gave me a ferocious look from the dance floor; I turned the device on and off rapidly just to let her know I'd caught her look. She jerked her body into the guy again.

Several fast numbers came on and she ended dancing with both guys, giving them sexy looks and even flashing her breasts to them in some dance moves where she'd bend forward towards her partners and shake her breasts for them. Both guys had large bulges in their pants.

Josh and I sat and strategized how to use the Butterfly to torment his sister the most. We both wanted her body -- hot and horny -- when we got back to the condo, yet we wanted her right on the brink. 

Another slow number came on. I cranked up the intensity a little more and flipped the Butterfly to 'on' as she now danced sandwiched between the two guys. Her hands moved rapidly over the bulges in their pants whenever she wasn't humping one or the other guy's legs. She was in heat.

Without shutting the unit off I pushed the intensity up to full for fifteen seconds then shut the device down. I could hear Fiona's moan all the way from the dance floor.

She grabbed both guys and dragged them off towards the hallway with the restrooms.

"I better go and chaperone," I told Josh. He nodded and urged me to catch up with her.

The hallway was empty and so was the ladies room. I stuck my head out the exit door into the alley behind the Club and there was Fiona on her knees. Both guys had dropped their pants and Fiona held two large cocks in her hands. She salivated as she started to lap one and then the other, slathering her fluids and the pre-cum from the two cocks around the mushroomed heads.

Fiona would envelop the head of one cock with her mouth, sliding all the way down the shaft until it disappeared completely in her mouth. She'd repeat with a staccato neck motion, masturbating the guy with probably the best blowjob of his life. She then repeated the process on the other guy. 

I had to admit that even I got hornier watching her performance.

I heard her tell the guys, "Tell me when you're going to cum. I want you to cum on my face and on my tits." She plunged back onto one of the cocks. The other guy started to disrobe her, gently pulling her blouse over her head. I moved forward and took the garment from him; he looked surprised.

Nude from the waist up, Fiona alternated between the two large cocks, her breasts swaying in the cool night air. Each guy fondled and grabbed at her tits when they weren't being swallowed. 

The tall blond guy eventually said, "I'm gonna cum." Fiona focused on his cock until he threw his head back and thrust into her mouth. He exclaimed, "Oh shit!" She let some of his cum shoot into her mouth and directed the rest to her breasts, using the head of his cock to smear the sticky white fluid around.

As she finished the first guy, she continued to hold onto his shaft but moved her mouth back to the dark haired guy. She doubled her efforts. I turned the Butterfly on at this point, leaving the intensity about two-thirds of the way up. She moaned into the blowjob. 

The guy soon announced that he was "nearly there" and Fiona changed her approach slightly, added several deep swallows to her repertoire. He groaned and I could see a visible pulse of fluid down his shaft. He jetted into her mouth and then, as she'd done before, she aimed his firing cock at her chest. 
