 Bree and Jenna had been friends for almost ten years. Bree was in a marriage that hadn't been intimate for years and Jenna was recently divorced. They knew they needed a break from their stressful jobs and they decided a Caribbean cruise was just what they needed. 

Bree was a blonde haired, blue eyed woman in her early 30's who was faithful to a fault. The only thing that got her through years of feeling unwanted was her battery operated boyfriend. She planned to bring her B.O.B along on the trip but worried about the embarrassment she might face when her luggage went through the x-ray at the airport. Rather than risk embarrassment she left her toy at home. She was hoping it would not be a frustrating week but wasn't sure she'd have time anyway, since she was sharing a room with Jenna. 

Bree and Jenna had waited months for their girls trip to arrive. Now all that stood in their way was a cross-country flight and a short drive to the port. After a restless night they finally arrived at their ship. Once on board they put away their things and headed up to the meet and greet they had read about online before the cruise. There were quite a few people at the meet and greet and the girls were already two drinks in by the time introductions came around. 

Among the group were some married couples, a couple of singles and mostly people in their 50's. A tall, quiet man in the corner caught Bree's eye. She mentioned the man to Jenna and knew that he would be Jenna's type. Bree could strike up a conversation with a telephone poll and Jenna was more shy. Bree introduced herself and then introduced Jenna. She figured maybe she could live vicariously through Jenna. Right then, the man's wife walked up and introduced herself. It was clear he liked curvy women and clearly there was a connection. Unfortunately he was married and so was Bree so for now he'd only be the subject of her imagination. 

The next day the group met up again for cocktails and a show. Afterwards they went to the nightclub on the ship which was packed with writhing bodies and temptation everywhere. Bree wore a dress that was a little shorter than she was used to and some high peep-toe heels. She felt sexy in the curve-hugging dress and could feel his eyes on her despite his wife being nearby. After a few cocktails she was dancing without a care. Bree and Jenna danced together which brought even more attention. 

After a fun night they were ready for a late night snack and then bed. On the way to the elevators they ran into Alex from the bar. His wife had gone to bed and he asked if he could join the ladies for pizza on the upper deck. Seeing no harm, they trekked up to the Lido deck with a small group of those from the nightclub. 

Bree loved to flirt but never took it further than words, so she enjoyed seeing Alex get flustered as they talked about their evening. After a while, the rest of the group went to bed leaving Bree, Jenna and Alex alone. Bree knew she was being a little bit of a tease, but what she didn't realize was how quickly Alex could turn her on. His wife had gone to bed and passed out earlier in the night which would make for an interesting night. 

Bree and Jenna followed Alex up to the smoking area on the ship even though they did not smoke. It was somewhat secluded and was one of the spots on the ship without any cameras. Alex brushed against Bree's supple behind to see if she would be receptive. She playfully pushed back against him and was surprised by the large bulge she felt. She felt a rush of passion that she hadn't felt in years. 

Just then, she felt Alex's hand slip underneath her dress while Jenna was gazing out at the sea. She was already soaking wet from the thought of him touching her. She enjoyed the surprised look on his face as he brushed against her wetness. She turned around and smiled at him, feeling only a little betrayed by her body. As quickly as they began playing, it stopped when Jenna turned around and suggested going to the deck at the very top of the ship. 

It was around 2am and there was nobody on the top decks. All three laid in lounge chairs in the warm sea air and gazed at the stars. Bree's dress made it easy for Alex to slip his hand underneath and Bree wasn't about to stop him. She knew this could be really bad, but it had been so long that she needed to feel him. She knew Jenna would never tell but she also knew Jenna needed sex just as much as she did. 

Alex and Bree locked eyes as he slipped his finger inside her wet slit. Her panties were soaked and easily slid to the side to allow his hands to feel all of her. She held back a gasp as he penetrated her with his large middle finger. She couldn't let Jenna know what was going on next to her. Bree quietly reached over and first brushed against Alex's bulge and then grabbed it intentionally with a firm stroke that made him throw his head back and bite his lower lip. They both knew it was wrong but at that moment, nobody else mattered. If he could have climbed on top of her right that moment, he would have and she wouldn't have stopped him. 

Bree wanted to feel his huge cock inside of her and they were both throbbing from the play they'd been sharing. He moved his finger back and forth until she could hardly hold in her moans any longer, she knew she was going to lose control if he kept going. 

Just then, Jenna brought up the bright idea to go have shots at their cabin. The girls brought liquor on board and Jenna wasn't done drinking. All three agreed that shots were exactly what they needed, though Bree and Alex were hopeful that more would happen at the cabin. 

Inside the elevator, Jenna reminded Bree and Alex that they were both married. Bree acknowledged that fact and said that it would only be a couple of shots, no harm in that. Jenna rolled her eyes and Bree could sense a little bit of suspicion and jealousy from Jenna. She knew she'd have to include Jenna if things were going to go any further. She'd never considered that before but wasn't exactly sober and knew she wanted and needed to feel Alex. 

Once back at the cabin, Jenna poured shots. First one, and then a second round. Jenna said she needed to use the restroom and excused herself for a moment. Alex grabbed Bree and pulled her over to him. She straddled him on the couch and rubbed against him. Her dress was pushed up around her waist leaving her vulnerable to him and his hands. They began to kiss and fell into it naturally. The toilet flushed and snapped them back to reality. 

Bree jumped off as quickly as she could before Jenna came out. She knew if she wanted sex that Alex would have to get Jenna going first. She told Alex that if he wanted her he'd have to take care of Jenna and get her into it. She then excused herself to the restroom leaving Jenna and Alex alone. She peeked out to see Alex groping Jenna as Jenna threw her head back and let out a surprised gasp. Jenna was easily turned on and Bree knew there was no turning back from here. 

After a minute, Bree emerged from the restroom and acted surprised to see Alex and Jenna kissing and fondling each other. She went over and sat on the couch and began to touch herself. She watched Alex and Jenna and imagined feeling Alex against her. She didn't have to imagine for long, though. Alex brought Jenna over to the couch. He groped and fondled both girls and couldn't believe what was happening. Alex was fingering Bree faster and faster and the sound of Jenna's moans turned Bree on even more.

Alex took off Bree's dress and licked her large round nipples which were almost as hard as Alex's cock. He gently bit and licked until Bree couldn't stand it anymore. She had been stroking Alex and knew he was ready for more as well. Jenna undressed Alex while Alex played with Bree. Jenna suggested a condom and Alex accepted, except he never put it on. 

Bree was now laying on her back on the couch as Alex climbed on top of her. He was a giant of a man at about 6'3" and his manhood was no exception. It had been so long for Bree that she could feel herself being stretched as Alex slid inside her. Even though Bree was extremely wet, they could both feel the friction from being so tight. Alex leaned down and kissed Bree as he thrust into her over and over. Jenna cupped his balls and played with his nipples while watching Bree's large breasts bounce with every thrust. The moans were hardly stifled as they fell into the passion that had been missing for so long.

Alex stayed inside Bree and slowed down his thrusts as he engaged her clit with his finger. He started with small circles on her clit with a perfect pressure that left her shaking and willingly bouncing on his thick, hard manhood. They were both panting and writhing when Jenna gave a quick swat to Alex's ass. Bree felt bad that she was taking most of Alex's attention and since she had just cum on his cock, she knew it was time to share. 

Alex hadn't gone into the night expecting anything, let alone two women sucking and playing with him. Bree knelt down and took Alex into her mouth while Alex played with Jenna's breasts. Jenna had small size B breasts which seemed perky and small in comparison to Bree's D cups. Alex licked Jenna's nipples as Bree sucked and swirled her tongue around the tip of Alex's cock. She could taste her own juices on him which was a new, but pleasant taste. She flicked her tongue against the soft spot right below the head and heard him let out a frustrated groan. He was sliding his fingers in and out of Jenna as he got more and more turned on. 

Bree felt him start a slow throb and took him out of her mouth. She knew Jenna wanted a turn and she was excited to see Alex go to work pleasing her friend. 

Jenna was wet and ready when Alex turned her onto her hands and knees on the bed, facing the wall. Jenna braced herself against the wall as Alex slid into her from behind. Jenna was surprised by the girth of Alex and let out a small yelp as he pounded faster and faster. Bree loved the idea of painful pleasure and was getting turned on all over again watching Alex slide in and out of Jenna. Alex was still in disbelief that he had two beautiful, career women taking turns on him. 

Bree playfully rubbed Jenna while Alex took a quick break. Jenna went along with Bree's lead and pulled Bree up onto the bed, also facing the wall. Both girls were positioned doggie style on the bed as they looked back at Alex. Alex was not about to let this moment pass him by. He entered Jenna again while caressing Bree's clit, rubbing her wetness back and forth. Jenna grabbed Bree's round ass which added to the sensation of multiple hands on her body. Alex slid his finger to Bree's ass and rubbed some of her wetness on it. He rubbed and pressed until Bree asked him to put his finger inside. He continued fucking Jenna as he pressed his finger into Bree's ass. Bree was loving the sensation of her ass being played with as she fingered her own clit. 

Alex pulled out of Jenna and Jenna knelt down and licked him clean before he entered Bree from behind. He stroked slowly back and forth inside Bree's pussy while he moved his finger in and out of her ass vigorously. It was almost too much for Bree, who hadn't had sex in almost two years. She felt the sensation building and building as he played with both holes and soon her pussy began to spasm on his cock. She moaned loudly without any regard for the thin walls on the ship. He kept at it until she was quivering and begged him to stop. 

Without missing a beat, Jenna pushed Alex onto his back on her bed and hopped on top of him. Bree flopped onto her back on her own bed and rubbed her clit to try to keep her orgasm going while watching her friend. Jenna bounced up and down on Alex's cock as he threw his head back and his eyes rolled back in his head. Bree milked her orgasm as long as she could and then went over to Alex, slowly kissing and licking his lips and nipples while Jenna rode him. 

Alex and Bree shared an oddly intimate moment when they locked eyes as Jenna continued to bounce on his cock. Jenna reached up and tweaked his nipples. Alex was about ready to explode. He flipped Jenna over onto all fours. Jenna had told Bree that she squirted and Bree had never seen anyone squirt before. Bree told Alex to rub his cock against Jenna's hole while rubbing her clit. He rubbed and slid against Jenna until she let out three gushes of fluid all over him and on her bed. He kept at it and she gushed twice more as Bree played with herself, watching in amazement. Jenna cried out in pleasure and then began laughing at the length of her orgasm. Alex left her laying on the bed and turned his attention back to Bree. 

Alex wanted to feel Bree again and wanted to finish inside of her tight, warm pussy. Bree obeyed Alex's command to get on all fours and willingly pushed back onto his rock hard member as he grabbed her hips and guided her back onto him. He started off slowly, stroking and thrusting while Bree rubbed her swollen clit. She could barely take the size of him but she wanted to feel him cum. She took control and started bouncing back onto him faster and faster. She could hear his breathing getting faster and she was beginning to enjoy the pain of his cock inside of her. She rubbed her clit while pushing back onto him until she felt him stop and then felt his warm cum squirt out of his throbbing sex. Alex collapsed against her as he was overcome by his climax. Jenna rubbed his thighs as he continued to spasm and cum inside Bree. 

Alex knew he couldn't go back to his cabin smelling like another woman, let alone two women. Bree started the water and pulled him into the tiny cabin shower. They cleaned each other while kissing and caressing each other, enjoying the tight quarters. Alex and Bree dried off and Alex asked Bree if they could do that again before the end of the cruise. Bree knew she couldn't commit to anything and simply said "We'll see." They still had another 6 days on the cruise ship and it was now obvious that anything was possible. 




Writer's note: This is a true story and my first submission. If you enjoyed this story let me know and I might continue with a part 2. Thanks for reading!