 Susan was enjoying this! Not the feel of Mel's cock sliding in and out of her, she barely noticed that. It was the almost total joy she felt at having her plan come together. Not even her diabolical mind had taken this plan to the place where it had gone. Not even in her wildest dreams could she have envisioned the total destruction she had unleashed, the total victory she was about to savor!

Her legs were wrapped around her lovers waist, her hands pulled him into her, her mouth against his shoulder as her hips rocked into his thrusts and her mouth made the sounds he expected. Her mind however was on what would be happening, right about now, at Mel's house.

In her mind she saw the police officer slapping the cuffs on Mel's wife Megan and dragging her off to jail. Susan would have Mel all to herself while Megan rotted in jail! Better yet, her not quite ex-husband was dead at Megan's hand. His money would all be hers! The plot only got sweeter! 

Charley owned a derelict old rental property which stood at the edge of town, a creepy old house that seemed of little value, but had been in Charley's family for generations. Rumor had it that Mel was working for a major developer who wanted to buy that property. They were prepared to pay several million dollars for that worthless place. Charley had had no intention of sharing that money with her. With Charley dead, she was counting the money in her head.

Damn she was good! With one stroke, she had killed her almost ex, put her romantic competition in jail, won her lover, and made several million dollars. Life couldn't be better than this!

The plan had spun out of her control and into places she had never expected. 

Susan felt Mel slam into her. The sudden impact jarred her out of her reverie and she decided to put herself into the final throws of this act. She felt his cock swell and her hips rocked into him. She heard him suck in his breath as he stroked into her again and she clamped her pussy muscles down on him as she made pretend orgasmic noises. Mel let loose a blast that seemed to jar his body. Susan smiled as she faked an orgasm, pleased that she had pleasured her lover, even while her mind had been miles away.

Mel collapsed beside her and Susan laid her head on his shoulder, caressing his chest with her hands as she sighed with contentment. The only thing that marred the perfection, was that this was her first time with Mel and she would have preferred another day, when she could have been more into it. She had wanted this man since the first time she had seen him, and now he was hers!

_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

Megan smiled when she heard the insistent knock on the door. She had been expecting it, and she welcomed the arrival of the police at her door. She had known that it was coming since she had shown Susan the final gasps of her ex-husband's life, earlier this morning.

The police officer stood at the door with the search warrant which he stuck under her nose. Megan smiled at him and ushered the rather large group of them in. Two officers took her outside and stayed with her for the full four hours that the police spent searching the house. Of course they found nothing, there was nothing to find.

Megan liked the look of the house, decorated for her favorite holiday of the year. The house was adorned with full size cut outs of old hag witches that never failed to amuse her. The pumpkins cut to resemble scary faces gave her a feeling of home. She loved the fun and irony of decorating the large old house each year.

One large team of police spent over four hours going through the house, mostly the basement, where Susan had told them that they would find the body. They searched for any sign of confinement, or blood, or any sign of a murder. They found nothing. They looked for false passages or hidden rooms. They found nothing.

The second, slightly smaller team, combed the grounds looking for any sign of freshly disturbed earth, where a body might have been disposed of. There was nothing to find. They searched her car, looking for signs of blood or of a fight. They found ... nothing.

Megan was amused at first at the police search, and she tried to engage the two policemen in conversation but they were totally serious and refused to talk to her. Toward the end, Megan was simply bored. She began to think of poor Charley, very much alive and very much trapped in the dungeon. She would have to make this up to him!

Finally the police left and Megan went inside her home. She looked at the mess they had left and sighed. She might have been more upset, but it was all easily fixed. Megan went to the closet and retrieved her duster. It took only a slight tug to remove the feathers from her wand.

One wave of the wand and one magic word, and all the disrupted objects flew back into place. A second wave of the wand and the staircase to the basement turned the other way. Megan walked down into the dungeon.

_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _

Susan cuddled beside her naked lover and ran her fingers through the sparse hair on his chest feeling the warmth and strength of his body. She cooed softly in contentment as she thought of it. It had not been her doing, exactly. She had never expected things to go to this extreme.

She had never loved Charley, she only loved his money. Still she had stayed with him for six long years, harvesting, but not cultivating the crops of his investments. For passion, there were other men.

Then one day it had all come crashing down on Susan. Charley had come home early. The pool boy had not come at all. The sudden appearance of an enraged husband had caused his rigid member to soften in Susan's willing pussy and ended his enjoyment of her soft, compliant, and curvy body a touch early.

The next several months had been a horror to Susan. Cramped into a mere $5,000 a month apartment while she and her lawyers struggled to seize every penny that Charley had made in his lifetime.

Susan had found out about the derelict old house just a month ago. She had put up with that miserly fool for six long years. She deserved it all. The fool could make another fortune, this one was hers!

She had bulled her way into Mel's office as soon as she heard. She had fallen head over heals in love with Mel from the first moment she had seen him. Not only good looking, but with riches enough to replace her lost fortune. She really liked his bulging wallet, his fit muscles were a close second. There was only the minor catch of his marriage.

Susan had become a regular visitor to Mel's office as she flirted with him and tried to seduce him. The closest she had come had been a cautious friendship.

Mel had invited her to a Halloween party. As soon as she recognized Charley among the costumed guests, her plan had been born on the spur of the moment. She told Megan that she knew that her ex had embezzled over $1,000,000 from them. It was of course a lie, but Megan had taken off with it. She had kidnapped Charley the day after the party. 

Susan had been invited over this morning and Megan had let her watch as the final gasp of life had left her ex husband's body. Her mind had suddenly gone over it all. She had touched nothing on the banister on the way down the stairs. She had not left a single finger print in the house. 

She had called in the tip to the police as soon as her car was around the corner. She was barely off the phone when Mel had called and invited her to a hotel room. Life couldn't get better than this!

She smiled as she thought of it, Megan would be arrested for murder. Mel would be lonely and she would take over her place, and his money. She would make a killing on the property that would now be hers, since the divorce wasn't yet final.

Her hand slid lower along Mel's body, until she found his manhood. She felt her own juices begin to bubble in her pussy as her hand stroked Mel back to hardness. She crawled over him and slowly impaled herself on his hard cock. This time, she felt the arousal that she had missed the first time.

_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _

Megan found Charley happily watching an X rated movie in the bedroom off the torture chamber where Susan had supposedly seen him die this morning. He had such a lovely big penis when he was aroused.

Megan slipped out of her clothes and sat beside Charley. They smiled at each other as Megan bent down to take his rigid cock into her mouth. She felt him arch his back and push his pelvis forward for her eager lips to surround his throbbing cock. Slowly her lips moved up and down his shaft until she heard a gasp come from his lips. She smiled and pulled her mouth from his manhood. 

She rose and smiled at him as she slowly settled onto his lap, feeling his rigid member sliding into her warm wet pussy. She sat down on him slowly as her eyes watched his reaction. For a moment she settled there before she began to rock on his cock. 

It took only a moment before she exploded in orgasm. She was still quaking from the fading intensity of her orgasm when she felt him swell inside her. Her eyes looked into his clouded orbs and her eyes smiled into his unseeing face. She felt the fading excitement swell once more. His body stiffened and she rocked on him with renewed vigor as she felt his orgasm blast inside her. She relaxed with his softening cock still inside and a large smile on her face. Her mouth met Charlie's with a soft kiss.

_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _

Susan was rocking her naked body on top of Mel, this time into the experience as she felt his cock sliding in and out of her. She liked being in control. Each time she thrust her body down onto Mel, she gasped. The orgasm was washing over her when his cell phone rang. Susan would be damned if she'd cut short her pleasure to let him answer. She kept rocking on him until all was still in her. The phone kept ringing.

Mel reached out for the phone when she had finished. Susan had expected him to get the call. She smiled inwardly as she knew it would be Megan's one call.

"Hello" He said. There was a moment of quiet and then, "OH MY GOD Megan! What can I do?" More silence. "OK, I'll be right there as soon as I go home!"

"Susan, I have to go home. You want to come with me? Megan is in trouble!"

Susan had not really been expecting to be invited along, but she had expected the call to be the end of their afternoon tryst. Mel threw his clothes on. For a moment Susan watched him.

"Please, Susan, come with me! I think I need you today." He said to her.

Susan felt the flush run through her. He needed her! Her victory was total! 

Susan had expected to see the house wrapped in yellow evidence tape, but there was none. She was even more surprised when Mel led the way to the basement.

Susan felt more and more confused as she followed Mel down the steps. It never occurred to her to be afraid. The flash of light from Megan's wand caught her totally by surprise and froze her like a statue.

Susan was totally unable to move but completely aware of all that was going on. She felt the still naked Megan and Mel strip her. She was aware when Mel picked her up and moved her to the wall. She felt the shackles go on her ankles and then another flash from Megan's wand and one arm could move, until her wrist was chained to the wall. Megan and Mel repeated the procedure with the other wrist.

The next flash returned Susan to normal and she slumped against the chains that bound her. Her weight sagged and her eyes opened in fear. Her muscles actually began to shake with the fear she felt.

"Susan, Susan, Susan. What are we going to do with you?" Megan asked in a mocking tone. "You have been a very bad girl! Trying to get poor sweet Charley in trouble and trying to steal my husband. I'm not forgetting what you tried to do to me either."

Susan was shivering in fear. She knew she was helpless. Knew that Megan and Mel could do anything to her. She knew that they could easily kill her and no one would ever know.

"You thought I killed Charley didn't you? Well, that was only a vision I put in your head. You thought you seduced my husband? I told him to go over there and keep you busy. I told him to fuck your brains out, if he had to, to keep you away. By the way dear, was she any good?"

Mel didn't answer. Megan walked up to the naked cowering woman and bent down. Her mouth found the blonde's pussy. Megan sucked the mingled juices of her husband and this hussy out of her pussy and she smiled. "At least you two taste good." She smiled. 

For just a moment Susan began to relax. She had been expecting pain, unending torture and instead she felt the pleasure of a talented tongue hitting all the right places. The fear did not leave her but for a moment it subsided, replaced by the pleasure Megan was now giving her. There was a reprieve of hope that perhaps she would survive the experience.

Susan let loose an involuntary shudder and thrust her hips out. Megan licked until she felt the gush of fluids rush to Susan's pussy and then she stopped, leaving Susan aroused and in need of release. No such release would be had.

Susan had not noticed Charley, until Megan led the still naked man to the center of the room. Her eyes grew wide and the fear came back. "YOU SON OF A BITCH, you're behind this aren't you?" The anger was mixed with relief. Megan had not killed Charley, perhaps she would not dispose of her.

"Sorry, Susan." Mel told her. "He had nothing to do with any of this. You accused Charley and we kidnapped him. We found out right away that your story was a lie. Then we heard his story."

Megan chimed up. "Then we put a spell on him, made him see that sharing sex with your friends really isn't so bad. We could have helped you both, but you know, Susan. It really isn't nice to do it behind your spouses back. Mel would never have sex with anyone without me knowing about it."

The fear crept back into Susan's eyes.

Megan sat Charley on one end of the couch that faced the wall Susan was chained to. Mel joined them on the couch as soon as he had shed his clothing. Megan smiled as she watched the shocked eyes of their captive take in the sight of the three naked people on the couch. She was enjoying herself!

"We have to decide what we're going to do with Susan. A punishment worthy of her crime. Dear girl, you really shouldn't mess with a witch and warlock at Halloween," Megan said. "First though I think we should have some fun." Megan's eyes locked on Susan's as her hands reached out to grab a flaccid cock in each hand. A thrill shot through her body as both of the penises roused to rock hard life in her hands. She felt her pussy turning into a swamp of excited fluids.

"Ooooo dear. You're still slimy with Susan's juice. I need to clean that up." Megan crawled off the couch and sucked her husband's hard dick into her mouth as one hand continued to stroke Charley. Megan could feel Susan's eyes on her and it increased her arousal. Megan tugged on Charlie's cock urging him to move behind her. "Mmmmmm yummy, dear. I do so love to suck your cock after you've had another woman!"

Megan felt Charley behind her. Her lips left her husband's cock as she wiggled her butt to make it easier for the man behind her. She felt his cock head at her entrance and she stopped sucking as she rolled her hips back at him, feeling him enter her. Charlie's strokes came slowly at first and then harder, driving her mouth up and down on Mel's cock. She could feel the iron hard member sliding into her pussy as her lips slid on the second cock. It felt as if the two of them were meeting in her belly, which was quickly turning to molten passion. 

Megan gasped as the feeling washed over her. At first a heat, warming her from the inside and then waves of passion that washed from her sucking mouth to her throbbing pussy and back again. The sensation crashed over her until she was no longer aware of anything except the pleasure the two men were causing to flash through her body. Her orgasm went on and on, seemingly endless, until she felt her husband swell and stiffen in her mouth at the same time that Charlie's thrusts changed. She felt both cocks spurt their seed. The gushing members caused her already intense orgasm to reach a new intensity. She sighed as she felt the men's organs soften and Charley pulled his soggy cock from her pussy. The orgasm slowly subsided, leaving Megan gasping for breath, a collapsing rag doll on the floor, tangled in the male flesh of a satiated Charley.

Megan crawled back to her seat on the couch as the juices dripped from her to stain the couch. No one said anything they just sat there in a heap. Megan looked at the chained naked Susan with unseeing eyes for several minutes. Slowly reason returned to Megan. The half smile on Megan's lips caused by the sex faded and then slowly came back, this time, caused by the evil thoughts her mind formed.

"Charley," She said. "Would you rather have an ugly divorce, or would you rather the whole ugly marriage just disappeared?" 

"It would be better for me, if the whole marriage to her never happened." Charley replied.

Megan stood up and retrieved her wand from the corner. Susan's eyes followed her as her face began to show the fear that she felt. Susan said nothing but watched Megan.

"Watch the mirror, Susan." Megan waved the magic wand and muttered something incomprehensible. Immediately the view in the mirror changed from a view of the room, to one of a government office. 

Susan watched as a drawer opened and a piece of paper slid up from the drawer. She saw it was her marriage license. She watched as it went blank. Then a computer screen appeared and all records of her marriage went blank.

"NO!" Susan screamed as she suddenly realized what was happening. One by one every record of her relationship with Charley appeared, each copy showed in the mirror and each turned into a blank page or an empty computer record. 

After half an hour, new documents began to appear. Rent receipts for places she had never lived, for all the time she had been married. A new life was born! Then the lawyers appeared and were seen to be holding all of her proceedings as they dissolved into blank paper and their recollections of the court action was cleared from their memories.

As each document was destroyed and each new form created, Susan screamed! Those papers were actually hurting her! The realization that all her plans were being destroyed, was worse to her than any physical torture. The final document was an eviction notice for her current apartment.

Megan waved her wand once more and Susan's bindings released her. Susan was destroyed, she slumped to the floor in a sobbing mass of flesh.

"Poor broke Susan." Megan said. "You're free to go. We will do you no more harm. Just remember, never pick on a witch, especially at Halloween!"