 "Move you leg up just a bit. That's it. Hold it." Click -- Flash! Or was it Flash-Click? Jeremy was a perfectionist. 

We'd started the photographic session with a modicum of clothing on - some thongs and boxers. The presumption made by a future voyeur of our album or images would be that some earlier foreplay had brought us all to this point.

All four of us were active participants in the photographs and occasionally the filming of a scene. Jeremy seemed a master at posing us and then blending into the scene just before the camera flashed. Once or twice I noticed a small handheld remote control for one camera or the other.

We did a series of graphic nudes of each of us, occasionally lapsing into pure pornography, or at least my version of it. Then he orchestrated a series of pairings of us. Josh, for all his heterosexual feelings, actually put up with a couple of shots where he and Jeremy's bodies were pushed together in erotic form.

Alex and I repeated some erotic behavior, actually taking the time to bring each other to orgasms. Somehow, with Jeremy's coaching, we both forgot about the camera and focused on each other and what we were tasting, feeling, and doing to pleasure each other.

There were a sequence of shots with Alex, Josh and me: the two women loving Josh and his body parts, and then pairings where we made love to the other. At one point Josh was deep in me as Alex pushed her pussy into my face. In another Alex rode Josh as I sucked mightily on one of her breasts -- and in another I rode Josh's face; Alex climaxed about that time.

Jeremy replaced Josh and we repeated many of the sequences. Then we did a sequence with all four of us in the photographs in various pairings and couplings.

We all seemed ready to take a break for lunch, even from the pleasures of 'fucking for the camera' as Josh so crudely put it. Without washing up, we slipped on some clothes and went into downtown Boston to a wonderful Chinese restaurant for lunch. 

After lunch we returned to the condo. Jeremy moved the scene for the afternoon photography session to our large bedroom. The bedroom had room-darkening shades and consequently he could control the lighting much better. 

"Megan, stretch out on the bed on the diagonal -- that's it. Now, up on your elbows. Now just hold that while I play with the lights," Jeremy instructed. I was nude again. I watched as he created deep shadows across my body with a single light.

Jeremy told me, "Now, just hold that pose." Click. "Now move around slowly and seductively. Occasionally open your legs to the camera." Click. Click. Click. Click. "Good, keep turning." Click. Click. "Push your chest up." Click. Click. "Arms back."

Josh cradled Alex's naked body against his as they watched me perform for the camera.

Jeremy called out, "OK. Now, Josh, get over here in about the same positions Megan was. Good. Just hold that for a minute while I adjust the lighting a bit." 

Soon the heavily shadowed body of Josh became the target of the 'click, click, clicks.' 

Jeremy instructed, "Alex come over and make him hard with your mouth. Suck him."

Alex moved to the side of the bed away from the camera and gently took hold of Josh's cock. Click! Click. Click. Her mouth descended on his rod and she inhaled him. Click. 

"Josh, respond. Touch her breasts. Make love to her. That's it." Click. The camera started to take one shot after another. I watched as my lovers created the scene I knew would be a favorite. As the two would shift position, Jeremy would stop the action and shift a light into a new position.

Finally, Jeremy positioned Alex atop Josh's cock. He was on the bed taking shots from every conceivable angle -- up at Alex, down at their union when Josh's cock almost separated from Alex's large labial lips -- his penis glistening with her juices in the light and the edge of his mushroomed cap just showing against her vagina, Alex's face as a climax neared; Josh's face as he jetted his cum deep into Alex. He took a few shots of Alex's pussy as the cum seeped out and gently ran down her leg, proof positive of a consummated relationship. And, lastly, he took photos of the two lovers from twenty different positions as they cooed and loved each other in their satisfaction and after glow from the intercourse.

"Wow!" I finally exclaimed as he stood back, obviously satisfied with that part of the afternoon. "You are wonderful. I'm glad you took all those shots of Alex and Josh; I get off just thinking about him fucking someone else and I feel the same about Alex. To have the two of them together is spectacular.

"Oh, thank you. You and I have to have a turn now. Alex is going to play photographer." He grinned at me and I walked into his arms and kissed him.

I told Jeremy, "Good. It turns out Josh likes to see me make love to other guys and gals, particularly someone we both know and love. You and I will be the perfect complement to the shots of Alex and Josh. They'll both get off on those."

I took my turn on the bed again, commenting in slight jest about the 'wet spot' someone had just left. We all laughed. There were more adjustments of the lights, including a backlight up part of the wall decorations over the bed.

Jeremy came to me and slid his head between my legs. I opened them and pulled my legs up, affording the camera some opportunity to see the erotic scene. Alex was there with camera as we posed. I already knew Jeremy had a talented tongue, but now I felt its full benefit as it danced around my vagina and genitalia and I gradually forgot about the camera.

He added fingers, stopping often to visibly lap my juices from his digits when he pulled some of my fluids from my body. Click. Click. 

Jeremy moved up and made love to my breasts and nipples with tongue, fingers, hands, face, and teeth. The camera caught it all. My juices flowed just watching a nude Alex wander around near us with the camera.

I pushed up into Jeremy's body for penetration, my buttocks off the bed so he could drive his full cock into me. Then he pumped into me and my breasts shook and rotated in sync with his strokes. He shifted me to the doggie position and drove into me from behind. I rocked back to meet his thrusts.

"Josh, get in here," he commanded. "Let her swallow you as I pump into her." Josh suddenly appeared in front of me. I engulfed his cock, still awash with Alex's juices. I loved the taste and the thought of what I was doing. The relentless click of the camera persisted, yet it had almost disappeared in my reality of being loved by these two wonderful men.

A thumb entered my anus, pushing deep -- lubricated by spit and the overflow of juices from my vagina. Then Jeremy pulled out of me and touched his cock to my anal opening. I relaxed and he pushed in, gradually sinking, stroke-by-stroke, until he was deep into my cavity. I fingered my clit with one hand as I held onto Josh and sucked him with the other.

"Rock back with me," Jeremy told me in a whisper. I allowed him to lift me back onto him as he settled onto his back on the bed. 

"Josh, cock in cunt, if you please!" he ordered.

Josh moved between our legs with a look of love for me in his eyes. He leaned in and kissed me. Before I knew what was happening I felt Josh's cock slide into me. Now I had two long rods deep in my body. The two men started to oscillate -- sometimes together and sometimes in opposition to each other. 

I'd long since gone into orbit. I'd entered that place where the world appeared to be one long, magnificent orgasm with little oscillations from moment to moment to drive me even further into my oblivion.

"Can you cum?" Jeremy asked Josh.

"Yes, soon," he responded.

The cocks pumped back and forth into me. My cunt started to convulse. I could feel the spasms of my vaginal muscles start to grab and milk Josh's cock. At the same time, I knew my anal cavity was spasming as well. Hell, I went into spasms all over.

"OH, GOD!" I screamed as I felt Josh's cum splash inside me. Just as soon I felt Jeremy's cream fill me from the back, the pulses from his cock signaling to me his climax.

My body pleaded to be fondled and stroked and the men did not disappoint. Kisses rained upon me from all directions. I kept jerking and spasming, even with the subtle little movements of the two cocks that remained embedded in me. My whole body seemed on fire.

Gradually, I wound down. Josh pulled away. I became aware again of the camera capturing my leaking vagina. Jeremy fell out of my back end. I rolled to my side. Large dollops of cum seemed from my body. The camera captured it all.

Alex came and kissed me. She said, "It took every bit of will power I had to keep taking pictures as you went on the step. I just wanted to join in and bring you pleasure. You will LOVE these pictures. God you are sexy." She kissed me again ... and again ... and again.

Then I was aware of Jeremy sliding from the bed leaving the three of us there. Alex slid down the bed and took Josh in her mouth, cleaning his cock from my vaginal juices -- our juices. Then she was on me, licking and sucking again. I went right back into orbit as I allowed her to not only clean me but to perpetuate the pleasure the men had been delivering. 

I came again, albeit in a less intense orgasm than I had with Jeremy and Josh. I have often said there's no such thing as a bad orgasm and this was one of the nicer ones.

As I floated down from my high, I heard the camera click a few more times. I just closed my eyes and smiled in my joy.

I could have continued our love making for hours, but the men were spent for a while. We showered and I changed all the bed linens with Alex's help. 

While we'd been doing domestic chores, Jeremy had downloaded all the photos of the day into his computer. He'd immediately burned a back-up disk and had us squirrel it away just in case something happened to his cameras, the memory cards, or his Macintosh computer.

With Josh's help they looked up the computer to our HD television. Suddenly, I appeared in my nudity in near life-size form. "Oh, great," I clapped. "Everyone come and look. I'm on television -- and this time I'm not crashing as airplane." We laughed and I marveled about how well I'd put that terrifying incident behind me.

Jeremy paged through the photographs from the start of the day until just a few moments earlier when he'd caught Alex and me washing each other in the shower with coy looks on our faces as the camera clicked. From time to time he'd comment about how he could embellish a particular shot by cropping or using some Photoshop filters to create a particular mood.

When he was through we all stood and applauded his masterpieces -- and Alex's work as well. They had captured nearly fifteen hundred shots of us all making love in one way or another to each other.

"There's not just one album here," I proclaimed. "There are probably four or five volumes here. I want every shot. I want to make some of them my screen savers and background images."

Jeremy said, "With your permission and full veto power, shot by shot, I'd love to use some of these commercially -- to put a public version of our day together. The idea is just starting to come together in my mind. I'll have to see where it takes me when I start to work on the photographs."

"I'd be flattered," I said. "Maybe I'll quit advertising and become a porn star -- a loving porn star." 

Josh laughed and agreed that he'd be all for it; he just wanted to see it done tastefully.

Alex laughed and said, "I don't really get a vote. I'm already out there in my all together in so many different ways. Most of the time people aren't sure it's me but I know and it's sort of a kick when I see myself on the Internet or in a magazine, particularly if it's an erotic shot. I'm an exhibitionist at heart."

We kicked around lots of ideas for the albums as we sat and shared some wine and cheese. The sun got low in the sky and I promised Alex and Jeremy we'd go to dinner at the Parker House -- a staid old institution in Boston. We dressed and took a taxi to the restaurant, enjoyed a splendid dinner and then returned to the condo. 

By the time we got back to the condo the city lights were on full and the night sky was also spectacular. We changed into boxers, t-shirts and thongs and went up on the roof and cuddled into each other as we looked out at the lights and the sky. 

Soon hands started roaming and fingers were probing and kisses rained down from all directions again on everyone. We all went downstairs and made love to each other again.

*

Friday -- The day before the wedding

Josh, Jeremy, Alex and I were slow to rise the following day. I had a few last minute things to attend to and there was a rehearsal and dinner that night. The wedding ceremony was to be Saturday afternoon at four o'clock so I'd even have some time Saturday morning to do some errands too.

Josh and I made love in the morning and I told him this was the last time he'd have the opportunity to fuck his 'temporary girlfriend.' After this, I told him, I'd be his 'temporary wife' and he'd better behave. Somehow the word 'temporary' had stuck in how we referred to each other all through our yearlong engagement and I guess we'd carry it into our marriage as well. The term had affectionate meaning to each of us in spite of its frivolous implications.

After breakfast, Alex and I packed overnight bags. We were going to stay in Andover, Massachusetts at the Andover Inn, right next door to the Cochran Chapel where the wedding would take place. Both buildings were on the Phillips Academy campus. Alex and I were going to share a room together.

We left Josh and Jeremy to their own devices for the day, and we took Josh's Porsche and headed north out of the City. Josh had arranged a rental car for himself later in the day. He said he was going out to the airport to check on the damaged Cessna Citation that I crash-landed the week before and also to see about getting a large portion of the wedding party to our Caribbean island for the honeymoon. We were firm believers in 'group' honeymoons.

As we drove I called and reached Fiona on her cell phone. She, a very pregnant Stacy, and Katelyn, all Josh's sisters -- more or less -- had arrived the night before and were staying at the Andover Inn too. They squealed with delight to know we'd see them in a few minutes. 

I'd met Fiona the year before when she'd married Ray, however the two had lived together for two years already and included Stacy in their family. Now Stacy was pregnant with 'their' child and they were both ecstatic. Katelyn and hubby Carl were there too, along with their dear friends Beth and Doug. All of us shared an intimate relationship with one another more than once over the past year.

I called my Mom up in Durham, New Hampshire, next. She and Dad, along with my older sister Amy, were going to drive down in late afternoon to connect with all of us and participate in the wedding rehearsal that night. They had a room at the Inn too. I also got an update about which of my relatives intended to show up for the wedding and reception.

Alex and I checked in at the Inn and amidst a hail of kisses and hugs as we joined up with Fiona, Stacy and Katelyn. We fawned over Stacy who expected to deliver her baby within the month. We took turns feeling her extended belly as the baby turned and kicked. The resulting gabfest went on the rest of the day.

With the exception of Stacy who drove, the rest of us walked downtown from the Inn and had lunch at Palmer's on Elm Street. We then walked back, but not before visiting every clothing and knick-knack shop in the small town.

The rehearsal at Phillips Cochran Chapel took a short time thanks to a well-prepared minister who had been well briefed by Fiona with an outline of the service. Soon a crowd of twenty of us gathered next door at the Andover Inn for cocktails and hors d'oeuvres and then dinner. Toasts were made and Josh and I had fun handing out joke gifts and remembrances to our close friends and family members. 

After dinner people left for their rooms, homes and hotels. Fiona, Stacy and Ray whispered to me that they could barely wait for the 'honeymoon' and playing together. When Carl and Katelyn kissed me goodnight, they said they really wished we could be together but they too would wait for our island adventure. Beth and Doug made similar comments.

In short order Alex and I found our selves alone in our room. As I shut the door behind us I turned and raised an eyebrow to the coy look she gave me over her shoulder.

"Just because everyone else flaked out on you doesn't mean that I will," she said with a licentious grin.

"Good, because I would like to make love to you again tonight," I replied.

We flowed into each other's arms and kissed. Alex whispered, "Let's get comfortable. I want to eat you until you beg for mercy."

"Sounds good to me, particularly if I can return the favor," I told her. I unbuttoned my top and pulled it over my head. Next my snug black slacks disappeared along with my spike heels. A frilly bra and my thong got tossed into the chair too. 

I turned back to Alex. She'd stripped too and our nude bodies flowed together in a tangle of arms and kisses. Our breasts pressed together.

"My bed," she said in a husky voice. I followed her and stretched out across her bed. Alex leaned in and we French kissed with all the tenderness and love telegraphed between us that we'd felt for each other for years.

"Darling, I love you," she told me. I replied in kind.

I remain convinced that women are much better lovers than men. Not that Josh isn't attentive, inventive and sensitive; it's just that he has to search to find the right spots. Alex knew instinctively where to kiss, where to lick, where to suck, where to blow, and where to bite.

She reduced me to a blithering lump of sexual energy in mere seconds. I suffered my first orgasm at her hands in two minutes. I had to admit I'd gotten really good at conjuring up orgasms at all the right times. I thought, the more you have the more you'll get.

Alex proved much better with her tongue than the day we'd done our photographs and videotapes. In my mind she was the best she'd ever been. 

I came again.

Alex drove her tongue into my vagina, wiggling and wagging the digit until I came yet again. I moved up my orgasm scale.

She added fingers and the next I knew she'd sunk her complete fist into my cunt. She rotated her wrist so that her whole hand turned inside me, her knuckles rubbing back and forth across my G-spot.

I screamed and came yet again. I also jetted a generous amount of girl juice into Alex's face and across her torso. Through my glazed eyes I watched as she eagerly lapped at my excretions. I had a thought that everyone must like them because everyone I've cum on laps and tries to get every last drop in their mouth. Perhaps I dispense the beverage of the year.

Finally Alex drove her hand back and forth into me, turning, twisting, and rotating as she sucked on and lapped at my clitoris. I entered that magic space for me where I'm having a long, continuous orgasm. I coasted along from thrill to thrill as she ministered to me. She'd taken me to heaven and I didn't want to leave.

Finally, I sated. I could take no more. Every touch or lick triggered my body into jerking and writhing as a pleasure wave -- almost too intense -- washed through me. I reached and clutched Alex's head and tried to hold her motionless against my pussy. "You've got to stop! Too much!" I told her.

Alex complied and then moved up beside me and cradled me in her arms and kissed me as I floated down. I thought of times when we'd been college roommates that one or the other of us had achieved such a state and been loved and held by the other in our after glow.
