 When I was a young man of only 19, I decided to go to church for the first time in my life. No, I hadn't seen Jesus, and I wasn't concerned about burning in hell. My mother and I had just moved to the West Coast, and I didn't know a person for a thousand miles, so I thought that it would be a good place to make some acquaintances. After all, didn't they have youth groups or something like that, where you sort of had to interact with others? Either way, I was happy to get out of the house, since we lived in a fairly rural setting, and I didn't exactly have the means to buy a car. 

The place we arrived at looked nice on the outside, large gardens and a picturesque fountain with many seats around its perimeter. Several clusters of people where standing around talking, and my mom, being the social butterfly that she is, took off for the nearest one and began chatting. Now, I'm not saying that my mother is selfish or neglectful, but when there are new people to meet, it's as if she had never even given birth. So, standing there, feeling awfully lost and out of place, I headed inside to look around.

As soon as I breached the entranceway, without even a moments time to take in my surroundings, a pair of thirty-something year old ladies nearly knocked me off my feet with a flurry of questions.

"Oh hello!" said one.

"Are you new?" said the other.

"Would you like to join our young people group?"

" My name is Pamela, and this is Jenny."

"Hi!"

"What's your name?"

"Oh you'll have SO much fun here!"

"What's your name?"

I stood there in a complete daze, totally unaware of what the hell they had just said.

"Ummm....my name's Christian?" I guessed, hoping that was the right answer to at least one of their questions.

"Oh, what a lovely name!" said the lady on the left, Pamela, I believed.

"Yes, just perfect!" said the other, whom I assumed to be Jenny. "So, would you like to join our group? We have a really great time, and the other young people are just really fantastic to be around!"

I shrugged my shoulders, preparing to respond, but then they let out a little squeal of delight, grabbed an arm each, and dragged me away. 

We went down a large hall, up some stairs, and into a room with several couches, plants, and delicate lighting. Sitting on the couches were about 12 people, all approximately my age, and about half and half for girls and guys. Pamela and Jenny were still talking up a frenzy, so I just gave all the eyes staring at me a helpless little look that said 'this was not my idea!' and stood there feeling ridiculous. 

"Hello everyone!" said Jenny. "This is Christian, and he's going to join our group! Isn't that wonderful!"

I was pretty relieved when everyone just smiled at me and gave me looks of welcome and sympathy. At they didn't think that I was some huge loser for being dragged in there like that, and even more relieving, they weren't as enthusiastic and spunky as the other two. 

As my gaze travelled around the room, I couldn't help but notice that every one of the people there were very beautiful. They all had different body types and styles of dress, and each one was, in my opinion, at their unique pinnacle of attractiveness. 

The first girl I checked out was of Indian decent, and she had an enticing air of sensuality and seduction about her, with her large brown eyes and incredibly smooth looking skin. Another girl had short, flared out hair, and was dressed in a skater-like fashion, with baggy jeans and a tight white top that sported the name of some snowboarding company. Her good sized tits really pushed out against the material, and were definitely a handful. I could also see that she had a toned set of abs due to her low-riding pants. 

Although I am not usually in the habit of checking out men, I can certainly tell when other guys are attractive, and these ones certainly were. One fellow was quite tall, with blonde shaggy hair and a chiselled face with a bit of scruff. With his beaded necklace, wide-leg pants and bright blue t-shirt, I could totally tell that he was into raving. Another guy, who looked slightly Asian by his eyes, and slender physique, was dressed very well, with a stylish dress shirt, un-tucked, and a pair of rugged looking blue-jeans. By his forearms, and the way that his shirt clung to his biceps, one could see that this fellow was very trim indeed.

As my eyes continued to take in these sights in a matter of seconds, my vision suddenly met with the most heavenly sight I'd ever beheld. My gaze fell upon a young lady who could only be described as an angel, and I could feel my heart skip a beat. She had shiny, flowing, dirty-blonde hair, and bright blue eyes, that seemed to sparkle, even in the soft light. Her soft, tanned, perfectly clear skin looked beyond possible, and seemed to give her a golden glow. A tight, white blouse was faithfully holding in her ample breasts, and a little, red miniskirt was hiding what I was certain was a great ass. With her knee-high stockings, black shoes, and crucifix necklace, she had the look of a schoolgirl down to a tee, as well as that of a sex goddess. 

When our eyes met, she gave me a huge, friendly smile, stood up, held out her hand and said "Hi Christian! Why don't you come sit over here?"

As I walked towards her, still looking into her eyes, I could swear that my feet didn't even touch the floor.

We spent the next little while chatting as a group, just talking about what had gone on the week before, and discussing various things that people wanted to bring up. I was quite relieved that I didn't have to do a big introduction for myself, and it turned out that Pamela and Jenny were very compassionate in that regard, despite their outgoing personalities. 

Eventually Pamela told us that we only had a half hour left, and it was time to partner off with another person to have a more private discussion time with. As soon as everyone began to stir, the girl sitting next to me put a hand on my knee, turned and said "I'm really sorry, but I already promised that I'd be Trisha's partner for today. Is that okay?"

"Don't worry, he'll be fine with me," said another voice.

I looked up to see the well-dressed, Asian-looking fellow standing beside us.

"Thanks, Alex," the girl said. She gave me a coy little smile and got up to leave.

"No problem, Katie" Alex replied, as she walked away. He turned as he said this and by the angle of his head, it was pretty obvious to tell what he was checking out. After she'd gone, he gave me a wry little smile, and we nodded our heads in a silent agreement that the ass had passed the test with flying colours.

Alex and I headed out of the church, and started walking along the pathways out back. It turned out to be quite a vast property, with a lot of trees and streams and wildlife. As we walked, Alex and myself just shot the shit, talking about where we grew up, school, work, and other typical stuff.

Finally I mentioned, "So I've noticed that every single girl back there was unbelievably gorgeous. I thought that I was going to rip my pants when I saw them!"

"Oh, I hear you, man," Alex replied, smiling and then shaking his head. "But don't even torture yourself. All of the guys have tried to get with them, but they're just not interested. The girls are really open with talking about sex, and they've even given us pointers about dealing with our girlfriends and whatnot, but they simply don't fuck. I don't know why."

"Perhaps of the rug munching philosophy?" I laughed

"Hmmm....maybe!" he replied. "But whatever it is, it's a real pain in the ass. Actually, a pain in the dick! I would seriously give my left arm to get with one of those hotties."

"Well, all that I know is that I'm going to get with Katie, one way or another. I've never seen a girl like that before, not in Cali or anywhere! I've seen a lot of beauties, and not even one of them can compare."

"Yeah, she is a fine little girl," Alex replied, "but you've got your work cut out for you. They don't put out and that's that."

We chatted for a little while longer, and then headed back. As soon as I emerged from the trails, my mom spotted me and immediately dragged me to meet all of her new friends. That, unfortunately for me, turned out to be nearly the entire congregation.

On the drive home, we talked about our days, and my mom mentioned that she had volunteered to send out the church bulletin to all of the parishioners. 

"So you mean that you have a list of everyone in the church, and their addresses?" I asked.

"Well, yes." my mother replied. "Actually, a very nice lady gave it to me. Mrs. Boyd was her name I believe. Her daughter, Kate, is in the youth group. Did you meet her?"

"Yeah.....I did...." I responded, completely dumbstruck by this information.

As soon as we got home, I grabbed my mom's parishioner directory, and headed to the phone. I found the Boyd's address with little problem, and was surprised to find that it was only a half hour walk or so from my house. Next, I gave Alex's house a call. . 

"Hey, Alex, it's Christian," I said. "What's up?"

"Not much, considering that I talked to you about an hour ago," he replied, laughing slightly. "What's the deal?"

"Well, I need to know some stuff about Katie."

"Dude, look, you're totally obsessed here...."

"No, no, listen," I said. "I have her address here, and she only lives a little ways up the road from me. I want to go and visit her, but I need to know some things first."

We talked for about an hour, and he told me as much as he knew. She lived with her mom, as her dad had split a few years ago. Her mom was a doctor, so she worked during the day, and sometimes at night, and she was also very involved with the church, so she wasn't home much. Katie was an only child, and she was best friends with Trish, the girl she'd gone off with earlier in the day. Although she went to university during the year, she wasn't working for the summer, so she was pretty much home all day. Alex had never seen their house, but she'd told him that it was pretty big, had a large swimming pool, and was really secluded due to lots of trees and lack of neighbours. She was currently single, but had dated a few guys in the past, although mostly out of courteousness. And then, in general, she was really great to be around, funny, outgoing, kind, intelligent and clever. All around perfect.

It was late Sunday afternoonby the time I'd decided on my course of action, so I chose to wait until Monday to go for a visit. That night I couldn't sleep a wink, as I couldn't get that perfect face and body out of my mind. But after what seemed like an eternity, morning finally came. I saw my mother off to work, and told her that I was going out, so I probably wouldn't be home when she returned. It was about ten, so I threw on some light clothing, jeans and a t-shirt, and headed towards Katie's place.

The walk was very nice and scenic, but all I could think about was her. Like touching her smooth, golden skin and thick, shimmering hair. Or looking into her bright, blue eyes and kissing her soft, succulent mouth. Or fondling her large, perfect breast and sucking her sweet, delicate nipples. And tasting her tight, lovely slit and kneading her firm, round bottom. Then feeling my self deep inside of her, filling her with pleasure......

Totally in another world, I suddenly realized that I was at my destination. Katie was obviously modest when she told Alex that her house was pretty big. It was huge. About four stories high, and about two normal house widths wide, I couldn't believe that anyone could have such a mansion. Gardens were everywhere, with many bright flowers, statuary, and sitting places decorating them. Flowering trees hung like a canopy over the entrance to the house, and everything was trimmed to utter perfection. As I took all this is, I was suddenly aware of voices from the behind the house.

Walking around the outmost perimeter of the property, well-hidden by the many trees that surrounded it, I made my way to the back to see who it was. As I came closer, I recognized the voices to be of Katie and another one that sounded fairly familiar. Creeping ever so quietly, I moved behind a hedge and saw Katie, and another girl whom I recognized from the youth group, wrapped up in towels, standing by the pool.

"So you say that you're mom is gone for the whole week?" the other girl asked.

"Yeah, she's off for some medical convention or something," Katie replied. "The gardener will come by for a couple of hours on Wednesday, but other than that I have the place to myself. But come on, Trish, let's get in the pool!"

Looking around, I saw that I was pretty much out in the open to anyone who might walk by, so I decided to move. Across the pool, I saw what looked like a pool shed, so I decided to head for that in hopes of a safer position. Circling around, well away from the edge of the clearing, I made my way to the structure, and was happy to find that it had a back entrance. Inside the shed was somewhat warm, but it was large in size, so I had lots of room to move around. As luck would have it, there was a fairly large knothole in the wall facing the pool, and looking through I could see everything perfectly, with the girls not more than fifteen feet away. 

Even if nothing more had happened that day, I would have been able to die a happy man. Katie took off her towel, revealing one of the tiniest bikinis I'd ever seen. Her thong-like bottom rode right between her ass cheeks, with glistened in their perfection in the sunlight. As she turned, I could see that they were also very tiny up front, hiding her delicate pussy, but also revealing that she shaved it. Her equally tiny top had to work very hard to keep her pert breasts from spilling out for all to see. There was not an ounce of fat on her perfect body, and she didn't even have tan lines. Just the thought of her sun bathing in the nude reminded me of how engorged my dick really was. 

Unable to hold of any longer, I quietly undid my jeans and pulled out my unbelievably erect member. Grasping the shaft lightly, I rubbed just under the head a few times, sending shivers up my spine and a wave up pleasure through my groin. I didn't really have any intention of jerking off right then and there, but I needed some relief.

Focusing my attention back upon the scene at hand, I saw that Trish had also taken off her towel, and was giving quite the impressive show as well. Slightly shorter than Katie's five-seven or eight frame, Trish was equally fit and trim. She was very slender and had long graceful limbs, which she carried very well. She had long, brown hair, tied back into a ponytail, and deep, green eyes. She also wore small glasses, which gave her a very sexy look of sophistication and intelligence. What really surprised me, though, was her skin tone. Whereas it seemed that she should have been very fair of complexion, it seemed that she had done some very careful tanning to give her skin a darker hue. She, too, was wearing a tiny bikini, revealing she also had a shaved slit and full, perky breasts.

Seeing those two visions of beauty standing together, preparing for a swim was really a lot for me to handle, and I began to massage my cock more rapidly. Thinking about how I was spying on them, masturbating, lusting after their scantily-clad bodies, my hand began to stroke even faster. Realizing this, I took a deep breath and slowed down, wanting this to last for as long as possible.

Katie and Trish swam for a little while, doing a few laps and then playing around in the water. They did a few dives off the board, which allowed me to see their beautiful tits jiggling up and down. At one point, Katie's top couldn't take it any more, and both of her breasts fell out. In frustration, Katie ripped it off, threw it to the ground and said, "Oh, forget that thing! It's been giving me trouble all day!" She then jumped into the pool and swam over to Trish. 

"You know, you have such lovely tits," Trish said. "I wish that mine looked that good."

"What are you talking about, Sweetie," Katie replied. "You have great tits, at least from what I have seen. Here, hold on a second."

At that, Katie reached behind her friend's back and undid her top. As she leaned forward to do so, her nipples kissed the surface of the water, and her mouth came very close to Trish's. Pulling the clothing away and tossing it on the deck, Katie took a half-step back, looked her friend's breasts over, and said "They look great to me!"

"Do you think so?" Trish asked. "I mean, you see how our nipples are slightly differently positioned, and how our breasts are a little bit different in shape? Do they really look okay?"

"I think perfect, and that some lucky guy, someday, will be stiffer than a board when he sees them!" Katie replied, laughing. Then, still giggling softly, she reached out and touched Trish's breasts, groping them gently, and then squeezing the nipples ever so lightly. Trish let out a little gasp of pleasure at this, and bit her bottom lip in oh so sexy a way.

"Yeah, they feel fine, too," Katie said softly. "Would you like to touch mine, just to see what it's like?"

Without saying a word, parting her lips slightly, Trish massaged Katie's breasts, and rubbed her nipples, resulting in a soft moan from Katie. Hearing this, Trish leaned forward and took one nipple in her mouth, sucking it lightly, and then licked around its perimeter. At that, Katie flinched with pleasure and gave her friend a huge smile.

"Wow," Katie said, "this is making me really hot! Why don't we go and lie on the grass to cool down?"

Trish agreed and Katie went inside, bringing back two plush towels and several pillows. The girls laid out their respective things, and Katie pulled out a bottle of suntan lotion. 

"Do you want to put it on each other?" Katie asked with a playful, little grin. 

"For sure," Trish replied, smiling back. She sat cross-legged on her towel and Katie came up behind her, placing lotion on her hands and starting to rub it into her friend's back. 

"It feels good, doesn't it?" Katie asked as she snuck her hands up front, grasping Trish's breasts, massaging the lotion into them. 

"Oh yeah," Trish gasped, as Katie began to rub her nipples between her fingers. Trish's eyes were closed, and I could see that she was breathing more heavily than before.

Working the lotion into her breasts a little while longer, Katie then began to move down Trish's torso, rubbing over her toned, solid abs, and covering the small of her back. As Katie began to work lower and lower, she had to press her breasts into Trish's back and began to lightly grind them against her. Katie's hand finally reached the top of her friend's swimsuit bottoms, and, after teasing her at first by rubbing around it's band, slid her hand inside. Trish moaned at the contact, and Katie began to lightly kiss the back of her neck. After a minute she removed her hand, and rubbed down as much of Trish's legs that she could reach.

After Katie finished, Trish turned around and looked into her friend's eyes. Both of their chests where moving quite heavily, and I could see by the flush of their skin that they were both very aroused. Katie placed her hands on Trish's waist, and coming even closer she said, "Trish, I want you to know that love you. I've known you for my whole life, and I want you to know that you mean the world to me, and I want to share everything with you. You're so beautiful....especially when you cry you're beautiful. I want you to have my body. I want to show you how much I love you."

Katie's eyes had filled with tears, and Trish was crying softly as well. "I love you, too," Trish replied, as she placed her hand gently on Katie's thigh, a big, beautiful smile on her face. "And I want to share everything with you as well. I want to feel every part of you touching every part of me. I want to taste you on my lips and make you feeling amazing."
