 INTRODUCTION

This is chapter two which many of you have requested and I think two chapters are enough for this story. For the new readers it would be helpful to read chapter one first where the characters are developed. Thanks again for all your positive feedback through reader comments and e-mails. Hopefully you will enjoy this chapter as well.

CHAPTER TWO

The Tuesday night sessions continued with Dana, Tom, Carla and I. The fuck sessions following early bird tennis with Dana and I continued as well and sometimes Sally would join us. Dana's husband Steve had an extended business trip out of the country that kept him away for two weeks. During that time Dana stayed with me and we had incredible sex. Dana also used that time to be with Sally and Peggy. After the first get together with the three ladies, Dana told me what happened and I got so turned on that we fucked for hours afterward.

The night Dana spent with Sally and Peggy was the night that Barbara came over and joined Carla, Tom and I at my condo. Barbara had wanted to see me fuck Carla. The four of us were naked in my king sized bed with Carla on her back. I knelt between Carla's legs and slid my cock into her hot ass. Barbara watched as I fucked Carla and as Carla's cock slapped against her abs. Barbara leaned over and sucked on Carla's tits and stroked Carla's cock as I fucked her ass. Then Tom slipped his cock into Barbara's pussy from behind.

Barbara jerked on Carla's cock as she sucked on Carla's tits and watched as I fucked Carla in the ass. Tom then moved his cock from Barbara's pussy to her asshole and began pounding her ass. Barbara grunted when Tom slid his cock into her ass but she never stopped working on Carla. Then Barbara lowered her mouth onto Carla's cock and took it deep down her throat. Carla groaned in ecstasy when Barbara deep throated her. Within minutes Carla was cumming in Barbara's mouth. Barbara swallowed the enormous load as quickly as she could trying not to let a drop escape her mouth. Eventually Carla's totally drained cock flopped on her belly after slipping out of Barbara's mouth.

I felt my own orgasm approaching so I pulled my cock out of Carla's ass and aimed it at Barbara's face. Barbara saw this and she covered my cock with her mouth taking my load as it shot out of my shaft. Barbara sucked and swallowed every drop of jizz as volley after volley shot into her mouth. She sucked me dry just as she had done to Carla and then she turned to Tom and told him to cum in her mouth when he was ready. A few more strokes in Barbara's ass and then Tom pulled out and fed his cock to Barbara's waiting mouth. Barbara sucked him dry as well as she fingered her pussy to achieve her own orgasm.

The four of us rested briefly and Barbara wanted to try something new. The four of us lay on our sides with Barbara and Carla facing each other. Carla's big cock was buried in Barbara's hot snatch this time. Tom lay behind Barbara with his cock in her ass and I lay behind Carla with my cock in her ass. The four of us fucked like this until we all came again. Barbara had multiple orgasms along the way and really went wild when Carla and Tom came in her holes. I filled Carla's hot ass with another load of hot spunk and she squeezed my cock with her anal muscles milking every drop from my rod.

We finished up the evening with Barbara riding my cock sucking Tom's cock and being butt fucked by Carla. Barbara was once again treated to three cock's cumming in her three holes. Carla and Tom showered, dressed and left for the night but Barbara remained behind. She fell asleep in my bed with cum drying in her holes and on her body. 

The next morning I awoke with Barbara still in bed with me and we fucked again before we showered. In the shower I fucked Barbara's hot ass again and filled it with my first load of the day. We then finished cleaning up then Barbara dressed and left. Before she left she once again thanked me for an incredible night of sex and said she would like to get together with Carla and Tom again. I made a pot of coffee and then started my business day from my condo. 

It was a pretty light day and I had just a few phone calls to make. I decided later to take a short nap as I was still tired from the previous night's and morning's activities. I dozed for a couple of hours and then got up and made myself a drink. Dana wasn't working at the club this evening so I called out for Chinese food. Dana arrived at my condo just before the food arrived and she was thrilled that I had called for take out. She told me that she was exhausted from her evening with Peggy and Sally and that she couldn't wait for the day to end.

"I want to hear all about your night with those two ladies but first why don't you change clothes and I'll fix you a drink," I told her.

"When I tell you what we did you probably won't refer to us as ladies any more," Dana laughed.

Dana changed her clothes right in front of me as if it were the most natural thing to do. She shed her tennis clothes, undergarments and shoes and then put on a t-shirt and shorts. She did not bother with a bra or panties and I felt my cock stir again looking at her beauty. Dana sat on the chair and curled her feet up under her and sipped on her drink.

"I better wait until after we eat to tell you what happened because I know we will both get turned on," Dana told me.

"I agree, the food should be here any minute," I replied.

The doorbell rang shortly afterward and the food had arrived. Dana and I ate in my family room and shared the different items. When we were done I took the empty containers into the kitchen and I made us both another drink. I handed Dana her drink and sat down across from her.

"So," I said.

"Well let me tell you what happened right from the beginning," Dana sighed and then started the story. 

"When first arrived at Peggy's place, Sally and Peggy wasted no time in taking my clothes off. For the first several minutes, which seemed more like hours, they caressed my tits, ass and pussy. Then Sally ate my pussy while Peggy rimmed me. Peggy has this incredibly long tongue and she sank it deep into me asshole. They had me cumming in no time and I drenched Sally's face," Dana told me.

"What happened next?" I asked excitedly.

"Sally sat back on the sofa and spread her legs so that I could eat her pussy. As I knelt in front of Sally, Peggy continued to use her tongue on me. She licked me from my pussy to my asshole tickling my clit and probing my anus. It didn't take long for either Sally or I to cum and this time Sally drenched my face," Dana went on.

Did you eat Peggy's pussy as well?" I asked.

"Oh yeah but wait to you hear this. Peggy is so into anal both giving and receiving that she had Sally fuck her in the ass with a strap-on as I ate her pussy. Peggy went wild and I had to hold onto her thighs as I ate her. When she came she actually squirted in my mouth," Dana continued.

"Oh wow I have heard about squirters but I have never been with one. That is so hot!" I said.

Dana then told me how they moved into the bedroom and Peggy laid out all the toys that she had. There were dildos of all kinds, strap-on devices and anal beads. Dana said she got turned on just looking at all the toys. Peggy couldn't wait to fuck Dana in the ass so she had Dana get on all fours while Peggy fucked her ass with one of the strap-on cocks. Then Dana and Peggy double fucked Sally with strap-on cocks with Peggy in Sally's ass and Dana in Sally's pussy. Peggy then broke out a strange looking triple shaft dildo. She had Sally put it on and it looked like Sally had two cocks while the other shaft was buried in Sally's pussy. Then Peggy got on her back and had Sally fucked her in the ass and pussy at the same time. Peggy told Dana to fuck Sally in the ass so Dana took a double headed dildo and put one end in her pussy and the other end in Sally's ass. The three of them fucked like crazy until they couldn't cum anymore.

"The rest of the night was a blur. We seemed to try everything oral, vaginal and anal and we fucked each other until we were exhausted. We all crashed in Peggy's king size bed and slept like zombies. In the morning we were at again until we had nothing left. My pussy and ass have never been so sore and my jaw muscles were fatigued. It was the kinkiest and sexiest experience of my life," Dana said finishing her story.

"Would you do it again?" I asked.

"Maybe but I'd have to think about it, it was a very intense experience," Dana replied and then she smiled as she looked at my crotch, "It looks like somebody is ready for action."

I had a raging hard-on from listening to her describe her time with Sally and Peggy. I smiled back at Dana and then I freed my cock from my shorts and stroked it. Then I stood up and walked over to her and she took my cock in her hand and stroked it gently. Dana then sucked me deep into her mouth and gave me one of her signature blow jobs. I held her head lightly as I warned her that I would cum soon if she kept sucking me. Dana just went right on sucking my cock until I came in her mouth. As usual she sucked me dry without missing a drop of my spunk. After that we went into my bedroom and stripped off our clothes. Dana jumped in bed and lay back with her legs splayed in an open invitation. By the time I knelt between her legs I was hard again.

"Please let's make love tonight. I want to give my ass a break, okay?" Dana whispered to me.

"That's fine with me I understand fully," I replied as I eased my throbbing cock into her hot pussy.

Dana and I made tender love that night and she came several times before I did a second time. She told me how good I felt in her and how good it felt when I came in her pussy. After we made love Dana fell asleep next to me in her favorite spoon position. I draped my arm around her and held her breast tenderly and she pushed her buttocks into me as we dozed off. Sometime during the night I awoke with another erection and I eased into Dana's pussy from behind. I fucked her slowly until I came again in her pussy and then I fell back asleep.

THE DAY AFTER

The next morning was my early bird tennis so I eased out of bed and let Dana sleep in. I knew she was exhausted so I took the keys for the tennis club and left her a note that I would open up the club and then stay there until she arrived. I headed for the club and joined my early bird tennis partners. After tennis I made a pot of coffee and hung out at the front desk of the club until Dana arrived. 

While I was sitting at the front desk drinking coffee a guy I didn't recognize came in. He was about 5'7" with blond hair and had that California surfer dude look. He was very tan and his long hair looked almost white. He was dressed in tennis clothes and he wore very tight fitting tennis shorts that hugged his round firm ass. His ass stood out from his body and almost called out to be grabbed and fucked.

"I don't guess you're Dana?" he asked.

"No my name is Cliff. Dana had to run some errands. Can I help you?" I replied.

"Cliff oh yeah, Carla and Tom told me about you. My name is Lyle and I am visiting Carla and Tom for a few days. They said I could use the club and practice my serve until they get here later," he said with a knowing smile. "You can call them and check it out," he added.

"No that's okay I believe you. You can use court four that's the lesson court and you will find a hopper of balls behind the backdrop," I directed.

"Thanks man," he said and walked off in the direction of court four.

I watched him as he walked away and his firm round ass rolled with each step. I thought to myself what an ass that guy has; any girl would kill for those buns. So he was staying with Carla and Tom. I wonder how many times Carla has had her big dick in that ass. I went back to my coffee and looked at the morning newspaper. Other members had shown up and they were already on the courts when Dana arrived.

"I owe you for this big time. Thanks so much for letting me sleep in," Dana said gratefully.

"No problem I was glad to do it but I did miss our regular morning get together in your office," I teased.

"I promise that I will make it up to you tonight," she countered and then asked, "Who is that on the lesson court?"

"His name is Lyle and he is a friend of the Olsen's. In fact he is staying with them this week," I told her.

"Oh yeah that's right, Carla did tell me that they were going to have a visitor this week. He is from California and he played tennis with them in college," Dana recalled.

"I gather that tennis wasn't the only love game he played with them," I quipped.

"Cute but I bet your right," Dana agreed.

"Well doll I have some work to do so I will see you later this evening. When does Steve get home from his business trip?" I asked.

"He gets home tomorrow. Let's make tonight a special night since it will be awhile before I will be able to stay with you again," Dana suggested.

"Absolutely it will be just you and me and we will make it a special evening," I told her.

I left the club and returned to my condo. The rest of the day I spent working and looking forward to my evening with Dana. When she arrived that evening I cooked a couple of steaks and opened a good Cabernet. We enjoyed our dinner and wine and then I opened up a second bottle as we cuddled up in the family room and watched some TV. I did not want to rush Dana that night as I wanted her to feel special even though I was dying to get in her ass. Dana smiled at me as if she could read my mind.

I smiled back and put my arm around her and drew her to me. I gently pulled her toward me and our mouths locked in a kiss. I pushed my tongue into her mouth and it took her breath away. Dana kissed me back and her body relaxed. I lifted her shirt up over her head as she held her arms up for me to remove it and as I removed it her tits stood straight out from her chest. I pushed her shoulders back against the sofa causing her tits to look bigger and firmer. Dana moaned as I leaned over and kissed her breasts and sucked on her rock hard nipples. I kissed and sucked her tits for several minutes. Her nipples got so long and so hard that they were like little dicks sticking out from her tits.

I moved off the sofa and knelt between her legs. I hooked my fingers in her shorts and she lifted her hips as I pulled them down and off her body. Dana looked very sexy clad only in her robin blue panties with her aroused tits standing straight out. Hooking my fingers in the waistband of her panties I slowly peeled them down her legs. As I removed her panties I stared directly at her snatch and gently pushed her legs apart. Dana groaned as I ran my finger over her well trimmed pussy mound and tickled her labia. Her hips jerked involuntarily when I probed her sopping wet pussy with my finger and kissed her inner thighs. Dana gasped aloud when my tongue finally touched her quim.

I raised Dana's legs up and placed them on my shoulders which brought her pussy even closer to my mouth. Then I reached up and fondled her tits with both hands, tweaked her nipples and plunged my tongue into the depths of her pussy. I licked her cunt and located her erect clit with my tongue. As I sucked on her clit and played her tits and nipples, Dana moaned loudly as her body thrashed around. I struggled to keep my mouth glued to her pussy as her body jumped all over the sofa. Dana grabbed my head with both hands and held me to her gushing pussy.

"Oh Cliff, this is going to be a quick one, a big one," she cried out and then she screamed, "I'm cumming, oh God I'm cumming, hold me, hold me tight, please hold me."

Dana's body seemed to go through convulsions as her orgasm rocked her and sent tremors through her. She continued to hold my head to her mound as her sweet nectar gushed into my mouth. I licked her dry and nibbled on her clit which caused her body to quake again. Dana collapsed on the sofa so I stood up and looked down at her hot body as I peeled off my shirt and pushed my shorts down to my ankles. My large erection was covered by my underwear but my state of desire was obvious. I pushed my underwear down and my cock caught in the waistband and bobbed in front of Dana. She stared at my erect cock as it dangled inches from her face as if she was looking at the first cock she had ever seen in person. I reached down and pulled her closer to me so that her mouth was now on a level with my cock.

Dana moved her head forward and kissed the head of my cock. Then she licked up and down the shaft and all around it. Eventually she took about six inches of my cock into her mouth. She was clearly an experienced cocksucker. 

Dana took her mouth off my cock to speak. "Can we go to your bedroom?" she asked hopefully.

"I thought that you would never ask," I teased.

Dana headed to my bedroom and I watched her fantastic ass as she walked up the stairs in front of me. Her beautiful shapely ass undulated as she climbed the stairs and I felt that familiar surge in my loins. I wanted to throw her down right on the stairs, shove my cock all the way up her ass and fuck her until I filled her rectum with semen.

I followed her up the stairs and into the bedroom. Dana pulled down my bed covers and got in bed on her back. She spread her legs slightly and looked hungrily at my erect cock. I got on the bed between her thighs and nestled my cock at the opening to her pussy. I moved the head of my cock around her vulva and gently prodded her outer cunt lips. Dana moaned softly as her pussy got increasingly wetter. Satisfied that she was wet enough I eased my dick in a little parting her labia and finding the entrance to her pussy. I pushed more of my cock into her and in spite of her wetness she was still very snug. For the next several minutes I pushed in and pulled out, each time pushing a little more of my shaft into her sopping wet hole. Finally my cock sank all the way into her snatch causing Dana to gasp aloud. Then as I began to saw my dick in and out of her, Dana wrapped her legs around my lower body and humped her hips up at me. As I picked up the pace I made sure that my cock stayed in constant contact with her clit.

Dana surprised herself with another quick orgasm but I kept right on fucking her and she came multiple times in succession. Her pussy was flooded with her cunt juice and I could feel my cock soaking in her nectar as I pushed it all the way in. Dana was experiencing a continuous string of orgasms which had her body thrashing and jerking about as they led up to her final crescendo. Her body stiffened and she grabbed my shoulders as she wrapped her legs even tighter around my torso squeezing my lower body.

"Oh God, I'm cumming again, hold me, please hold me, oh, oh, please," she cried out as a thunderous climax ripped through her body.

Dana stiffened at first pushing her hips toward mine and then she went out of control. Her hips humped rapidly up and down as her body thrashed about. She was grunting and groaning and gasping for air as she reached her crescendo. All her fanatic actions accelerated my own orgasm and I flooded her womb with barrage after barrage of semen. I plowed my cock into her as far as I could as I released a steady flow of spunk into her pussy. We both humped each other furiously until our orgasms subsided. I kept my weight on my elbows as I lay on top of her so as not to crush her body with my weight. Dana's vaginal muscles clenched and unclenched around my shaft milking my cock dry.

Her cunt was a receptacle holding our combined juices and my cock felt as if it bathing in warm oil. My cock slowly deflated and slipped from her tight pussy with an audible sound. Our juices flowed out of her pussy as soon as my cock slipped from her hole just as if a stopper was pulled out of her. I rolled to my side along side of Dana and flopped on my back.
