 The Hills Tennis Association was a small, relatively insignificant club offering open courts on Sunday afternoons. The roadside court had been claimed by three men in their late forties and early fifties. Brian, Steve and Gary had spent nearly an hour warming up and waiting for their friend George.

"He's never been this late," Brian declared, wiping sweat from his brow and sucking down half a glass of ice water.

Steve decided to go back to the locker room for his cell phone. He returned after a few minutes with the news that George had called several times and left a message that he wouldn't be able to make it that afternoon.

Gary was the eldest of the three. He was fifty-two and supporting a few extra pounds. "We'll just play singles and switch around," he said absently. He was watching a young woman getting her things organized in the car park.

"Who's that?" Brian asked, standing to see a little better.

"She must be new..." Steve suggested.

Kate leant through the driver's window and kissed her husband's cheek. "Call me when you're ready to come home," he said to her and drove off. She waved until he had turned onto the road then she took a deep breath and looked down at herself.

Her skirt was new and it was the first time she'd worn it in public. It suddenly seemed shorter and she smoothed it down nervously. She looked around at the few people she could see playing. There weren't many. There were six courts and only one seemed to be occupied. There were a few people sitting at the tables beneath an awning, and there were the three men looking over at her.

She collected her racket and shoulder-bag and walked over to the clubhouse where she decided to wait and see what the usual procedure was. She'd only just joined the club and she knew it was a social afternoon. She was hoping to find another lady to play with.

"Looks like she's alone... how about asking if she wants to play?" Brian suggested.

"She's probably waiting for a girlfriend," Steve said and he and Gary walked out onto the court and started hitting a ball around.

Brian sat watching them for a while and he kept an eye on the young woman. She was quite attractive, he thought. She had dark hair and a pretty face. She was slender with olive skin and about thirty he guessed. He waited a while and decided it couldn't hurt to ask if she wanted to play.

Kate saw the older man approaching. She guessed he was walking deliberately towards her because he was looking right at her. She shifted nervously, tugging at the hem of her little tennis skirt.

"Hello there," he said to her and she nodded and smiled up at him. "I noticed you here and I thought you might be waiting for a game. Do you have a playing partner?"

"No... I was hoping to meet someone to play against," Kate replied, feeling her cheeks flush a little.

"Yes it's very quiet here this afternoon. Would you like to join us? My partner couldn't make it and we need another player."

Kate agreed, a little reluctantly, but she was happy to have a chance to play at least. She followed the older man over to the court and the other two men stopped playing and came over. She introduced herself and found herself glancing away while they all looked her over. The first man had seemed very polite but the other two were staring and she could feel their eyes upon her breasts and her legs. She thought for a moment about rushing back to the clubhouse but she didn't want to seem rude.

"Are we ready then?" Brian asked and he touched Kate's back to motion for her to go with him. She felt a little shiver at the pressure of his hand against her bra strap and he kept his hand there as they walked around the net. She could feel his fingers slipping around to her side as he asked her about how long she'd been playing and if she'd played doubles before.

He was just being nice, she thought, but as he leant down to talk his fingers had started pressing into the side of her breast. Kate lifted her arm a little. She didn't know why but she was tingling all over and when he released her and left her at the net she felt her legs were sort of weak and rubbery.

The ball was served and the game began. The men were taking it easy. Their usual competitive attitude was absent and they were just playing for fun. Brian kept his place at the back of the court and missed plenty of shots because he was watching Kate's skirt flying up around her waist and he was enjoying the view of her little pink panties.

Gary and Steve swapped places regularly. There was a better view from the net with her tits bouncing around and her tight little nipples poking at her top. And when she had to reach for the ball there was usually a good flash of her panties cutting up into her slit.

They'd played without scoring for an hour or so when at one point Kate nearly fell. She was running backwards to get to a lob and she stumbled and ended up in Brian's arms. He'd caught her around the waist but one of his big hands was on her breast.

She smiled up at him as he steadied her. She could feel his fingers touching her nipple but she didn't protest. She thanked him for helping her and she reached up to fix her hair a little.

"Are you ok?" Brian asked. "I thought you sort of landed against my knee."

Kate could feel a slight pain in her hip. "It was just a little bump." She said, feeling the spot.

Gary and Steve approached. "Is she all right?" Gary asked.

"She might need a bit of ice," Brian answered. 

"There's some in the locker room," Steve said and Kate felt her face flushing again. She didn't think she really needed to put ice on it but the idea of going into the locker room with three strange men made her heart pound a little and she agreed to go with them.

The slight pain was high up on her hip and she found herself pretending it was more than what it was as she walked with them towards the clubhouse. She was thinking of her husband, and of what he would think of her even playing tennis with other men let alone going into a change room with them.

"There's no one in here," Gary said as he opened the door and had a look. Then he stepped through and held the door for Kate.

She didn't look up at them as they showed her to a massage table and helped her up onto it. "Where does it hurt?" Brian asked her and she touched the spot to show him. "Lay back for me," he said warmly and Kate did as she told her. "I'm just going to have a look ok?"

She nodded and he folded her skirt up over her belly, completely exposing her little pink panties. Gary stepped close to the other side of the table and Kate looked up at him. Steve then appeared from behind the lockers with a small ice pack.

Brian pressed gently into her hip but he slipped his other hand onto her thigh and edged his fingers down between her legs a little. "Right there?" he asked, feeling under the waist band of her panties.

Kate nodded. "Yes it's there," she said softly, meeting his eyes.

"Can I just move these down a little bit?" Brian asked.

"Ok," Kate answered. She could feel the moisture building between her legs and again she thought of her husband.

Brian tugged at her little panties. He slipped his finger beneath the band and he pulled them down just a little and then he pressed the ice pack to her hip. He kept his finger beneath the band and slipped it along the front, feeling her little bush, and then he lifted the elastic at her other hip and she lifted slightly as he stretched them down further.

"These are pretty," he said to her and she smiled shyly. She'd trimmed her pubic hair that morning and she'd shaved her pussy. She thought of how she looked down there.

There was an inch or so of her bush exposed and Brian rested his hand on her belly with his smallest finger pressed into the fine little hairs. Her belly moved beneath the weight of his hand. She'd taken a breath and she was waiting. Brian moved the ice pack a little and pressed it against her hip again and his other hand slipped lower so that his little finger was poking under the waist-band of her panties.

Kate tried to breathe but the feel of his finger in her bush had her heart pounding in her chest. She felt her legs part a little and his hand upon her belly moved across and he stretched her panties down further.

Brian slipped his fingers back along the band and stretched the other side down as well. He'd exposed her little bush completely and he could see her cunt.

He looked at her face and her eyes were closed so he pulled her little panties down further. He stretched them down her thighs and over her knees.

"Is your husband coming to pick you up?" He asked her.

"I need to call when it's time," Kate said softly. The other guy, Steve, was pulling her panties from her tennis shoes. 

"There's no hurry though, is there?" Gary asked. He'd started feeling a tit and he lifted her top up over her bra.

Kate didn't answer. Her legs were being opened and she could feel her juices seeping down into her ass. The two men were examining her and Brian's fingers were feeling into her pussy. 

"Just lift your arms for me darling," Gary said to her and as she did that he stretched her top up over them and dropped it on a bench seat. He then felt in under her back and released her bra clasp. 

"So, your husband won't mind if we fuck you?" Steve asked and Kate looked around at the three of them.

"You can't tell him," she said. "I'll let you all, but you have to promise you won't tell him."

Brian lifted her legs and pulled her down a bit so her cunt was available at the end of the table. He freed his cock and held it in his fist. He worked the head into her and then he rocked forward and filled her up. 

Kate clung to the sides of the little table. She thought of the time of her month and the fact that she would be due to ovulate some time that week. She closed her eyes while she was gently rocked back and forth by the slow, steady thrusts of the man's cock. There were hands massaging her breasts and she could feel the heat from another cock against her face.

She turned and opened her mouth and that cock was forced in. She sucked on the head and closed her eyes again. The one in her pussy was hard up inside of her and throbbing. She could feel herself getting wetter as the man's semen flooded into her. Then she felt him withdraw and she watched the second man get in between her legs.

He lifted them and sunk his big, thick cock into her cunt. He forced it all the way up her and she felt as if the head was opening her cervix. She had never felt anything that deep before and the first twinge of her orgasm tightened her belly.

The man using her mouth suddenly bucked and she waited for his semen. His cock was throbbing and then a heavy spurt hit the roof of her mouth. It was hot and thick and more of the tangy fluid gushed and started seeping down her throat. She swallowed once and then again, and she held him with her lips while the last of his cum gushed over her tongue and pooled beneath it.

Steve felt the rush of ecstasy bursting through his veins and he thrust his cock as deep as he could and pumped his sperm into Kate's womb. "Is this why you wore those sexy little panties?" he asked her. He was still hard and he was sliding his cock in and out while he felt her tits.

Kate looked up at the other two men. They were stroking their cocks. "I can come back tomorrow if you want," she said softly.

Gary smiled. "I live right across the road. Do you want to come and see us there instead?"

Kate smiled shyly. "Okay," she said.

They took her into the men's showers and fucked her again before she called her husband. Gary went first and leant her against the wall. Then Steve pumped another load of sperm deep into her womb. But Brian wanted her ass. Her cunt was open and sloppy and he wanted something tight so he bent her right over and worked his cock into her tight little hole.

Kate held onto a rail and let him. She had never been fucked like that before but she wanted to be their slut and she had decided to do whatever they wanted her to do. She held to the shower rail and rolled her hips so he could get deeper inside of her. The guy's cock was stretching her open and suddenly he was gripping her shoulders and jamming hard up into her. She felt it throb and then he thrust into her again and she leant back against him while he pumped his cum up her ass.

Her husband arrived and took her home with her pretty pink panties glued to her and her womb flooded with other men's sperm. She cooked and served dinner and sat across from him with her hand under the table and her fingers slipping into the warm cum that was still leaking out of her pussy. The next afternoon she told him she had another tennis match and when he drove away she walked across the road to the house they'd shown her.

They made her take off her panties and her top and bra but they wanted her to wear her little tennis skirt while she served them drinks, and while they watched the end of the tennis on tv. When it finished she had to sit on Gary's cock. She sat facing him and while he was fucking her Brian knelt behind and started working his cock into her as well.

She shuddered through two orgasms before cum was being pumped up her cunt and up her ass at the same time. And then she was taken into one of the bedrooms where Steve pumped a fresh load of sperm deep into her womb again.

Kate held him close until he'd finished inside of her. She hadn't had sex with her husband all week and she wondered if it was it was exactly the right time that day. She held Steve's hips and opened her legs wider so he could have better access and she laid there while he fucked her and pumped more cum up her cunt.

She cooked for them and served them in the living room. They'd kept the skirt on her but her tits were still available and she would lean over when one of them felt like feeling them. And during that evening she was fingered to another orgasm and she accepted two more loads of cum in her mouth.

Kate visited each afternoon for two weeks. The man who had been missing that first day had started coming over too. She didn't mind though. She knew she was being used but she was constantly wet and she let them do whatever they wanted with her body. 

Each day she was being repeatedly fucked but they liked watching her eat cum as well. Gary liked to fuck her tits and she'd sit up while he fed her his cum on a spoon. They all started enjoying that and they bought some different oils to try. They would make her lay down and they would cover her chest in oil, then they would sit over her and squeeze her tits together and fuck them. And she would lay there obediently and when they had finished she would sit up a bit with her mouth open and accept the spoons full of warm cum.

Kate went home each night with her panties soaked and the taste of sperm in her mouth. She would rush to the bathroom and spend an hour cleaning herself up before her husband tried to touch her or kiss her. She'd avoided having sex with him for a few weeks but her period was late and she decided it would be best to not visit the other men so often and start being more attentive at home.

She reduced her visits to Gary's house to three afternoons a week. The men were happy with that too, because they had their own commitments. And Kate found them to be even more horny when she arrived each time. 

She wasn't allowed to wear panties anymore and on the way over she would sit in the car beside her husband with her pussy dripping. Then she would have to cross the road and walk along by a small park and she would let her little tennis skirt lift on the breeze if any men were watching. There were often some old men playing chess at the tables along the footpath and they would watch for her.

Then as soon as she walked in the door at Gary's house she would be taken into a bedroom and fucked hard by all four of them. They were all single men and after a few days waiting they would be bursting and Kate would lay there while each of them fucked her and pumped a big fresh load of sperm into her womb.

It had become the usual thing. They would first have a turn spreading her legs and fucking her cunt, and then she would come out into the living room with just her little skirt on. She would bring them drinks and if one of them felt like playing with her she'd stand there while he sucked her tits or slipped his hand up her skirt and had a feel of her pussy or her tight little ass hole.

It usually took about an hour before they were ready to cum again. George always seemed to want to use her mouth for his second load. She would get down on her knees and lean into his lap. Then she'd suck on his cock until she felt him tense. "Look up at me sweetheart," he always said and she would look up into his eyes while his hot cum flooded into her mouth. 

And Brian always fucked her up the ass. She'd gotten used to that and she would know his look and bend over the dining table for him. He'd be stroking his cock and she'd lift her skirt up, then she would oil her fingers and rub it into her little hole, and she would grip the edges of the table while he fucked her and pumped his cum into her.

And Gary's favorite seemed to be the tittie fuck. He was always feeling her up and when he fucked her he would support himself above and watch her tits bounce. Then sometimes he would have her lay down to fuck her tits but other times she would kneel between his legs and do it for him. She would hold his cock between her breasts and her hands and rub him until his cum bubbled up over her fingers, and then she would suck them clean and eat all his semen.

But Steve always pumped at least two loads of sperm into her womb. He sometimes fucked her tits or got a load off in her mouth but he liked the feel of her pussy the most. 

Then one day during the sixth week Kate arrived early. All four men were there waiting for her in the morning and it had been five days since her last visit, so after they'd fucked her the first time there was cum seeping from her cunt. She was tidying up with it running down her legs and Brian came up behind her and made he lean over the kitchen sink. She reached back and lifted her skirt and she laid her head upon her arm while he fingered her ass. He used the cum oozing out of her to lubricate and he worked two fingers up her until she was open enough, then George came over with a small dildo they'd bought.

Kate fingered herself to an orgasm while they fucked her ass with the dildo, and then she was taken back into the bedroom where all four of them pumped another load of cum up her cunt. She laid there with her legs open and after each of them pulled out she sucked the warm semen off his cock before the next one started fucking her

And just after lunch they wanted her again. They made her get down on her hands and knees in the middle of the living room and all four of them fucked her like that. They had the dildo deep in her ass and they all had a turn on her back and pumped their cum up in her cunt.

She had a bath after that and the men had an afternoon sleep. She watched some tv for a while and laid down on one of the beds herself. It was dark when she woke up but her husband wasn't due home until late, and the four men were all standing around looking down at her.

Gary had a bottle of oil and he poured some into his hand. Kate opened her legs and he rubbed it into her pussy. He then laid down on top of her and fucked her.

Brian was next. He waited for Gary to get off and he got between her legs and pumped another load of cum up her cunt.

Then George had another turn. He sunk his cock into her sloppy hole and humped her until his load erupted and flooded into her.

Steve was standing there with his huge erection in his fist. "Do you want more?" he asked her and she smiled shyly.
