 INTRODUCTION

This story contains all types of sexual encounters, straight, gay, lesbian and bi-sexual. The story is fictional and the names of all characters are fictional. I have thoughts for a second part on hold and if there is interest in this theme then I will write the second part. In the past many readers of told me that they don't like sequels so I tried to honor that request. I found this story getting a little bit long so I decided to cut it off but leave the door open for another segment if there is reader interest. Enjoy the story. 

THE DISCOVERY

I had just finished my tennis lesson with Tom Olsen the head pro at our club. It was a late lesson so Tom, his wife the assistant pro Carla, the club manager Dana and I were the only ones left at the club. I said goodnight to everyone and started to leave but then I remembered I had left something down on the court. I went back down to the court and retrieved my gear before I left the club. When I came back upstairs the front door had already been locked. I tried to locate Dana so she could let me out but she was no where to be found. I spotted Tom just before he ducked into the ladies locker room and I wondered why he went in there. I went up to the locker room door and listened for any voices. Since I didn't hear any I pushed the door open slightly so that I could call into Tom. Just before I called his name I heard a voice that sounded like Carla's.

"That's it sweetie suck that cock. Yeah take it all," the voice said.

I assumed that Carla was telling Dana to suck Tom's cock and this I had to see. I quietly stepped in the locker room and peeked around the corner. What I saw shocked me beyond belief. Dana was on her knees with her tennis skirt flipped up over her back and her panties down around her knees. Tom knelt behind her with his shorts and briefs around his knees as he fucked her and played with her shapely ass. Carla was also on her knees in front of Dana. Carla had shed her skirt and panties and was nude from the waist down. Dana was sucking on Carla's cock.

I couldn't believe it. Carla had a cock and what a cock she had. It had to be between 8 to 9 inches long and it was thick. I was proud of my own manhood at 7 to 8 inches long but Carla was clearly longer and thicker than me. Tom had more of the average size cock at about 6 inches. I stood in shock as I watched these three have sex right in front of me.

"Honey it is time to break in her ass some more," Carla said to her husband.

Tom had been fingering and lubing Dana's asshole as he fucked her pussy. He then pulled his pussy juice moistened cock from Dana's cunt and lined it up with her asshole. In one steady push he slipped his cock into Dana's ass. Although the cock slid in easily Dana still flinched and gasped when it entered her bung hole.

"After a few more ass fucks from Tom you should be able to take my cock up your sweet bottom," Carla told Dana.

Dana's eyes widened and it had to be from just the thought of taking Carla's monster up the poop chute. Tom was fucking Dana's ass with smooth steady strokes as Dana continued to service Carla's cock. Carla told her what a good little cock sucker she was and then added.

"Just look at you Dana with a cock in your ass and another one in your mouth. What would your husband Steve say if he could see you now? Does he know what a slut you are?" Carla said in a mocking tone of voice.

All of a sudden Carla looked up and spotted me watching the three of them. She smiled at me and then motioned with her finger for me to approach them. I had a raging hard-on and it was difficult to walk normally as I approached the threesome.

"It appears that we have a guest. Would you like to party with us Cliff?" Carla asked wickedly.

I just nodded in the affirmative. Tom and Dana looked over at me and Dana's eyes told all as she knew her indiscretions had been discovered. Tom just smiled at me just as his wife had. 

"Let's make this really interesting. Everyone, take your clothes off," Carla directed.

I stripped off my clothes in record time and stood totally naked with my erect cock bobbing in front of me. The other three stripped as well and I took in all of Dana's beauty. She had great tits and curvy ass. I was amazed at Carla's beautiful body. Carla had always looked good in her tennis outfits with her narrow waist and shapely legs but she was even more beautiful naked. She had a great ass, small firm tits with large erect nipples and an hour glass figure. It was unbelievable to see the beautiful Carla with a very impressive cock. All the time I knew her and Tom I never suspected that Carla was a transsexual. Obviously they were both bi-sexual.

Carla lay back on the locker room floor and instructed Dana to straddle her. Dana did as she was told and she slowly lowered her pussy onto Carla's cock. It was incredibly erotic to watch Dana descend on Carla's big dick as her tight pussy opened up to accommodate the thick shaft. Carla reached up and fondled Dana's medium sized firm tits and Dana in turn massaged Carla's smaller breasts. Carla told Tom that it was time to fuck Dana's ass so he got behind Dana and once again slid his cock into her butt hole.

"Dana has another hole available, why don't you feed her your cock?" Carla said to me.

That was the only invitation that I needed. I walked over and straddled Carla's face as I knelt down to offer Dana my cock. Dana willingly accepted my cock in her mouth as she seemed to accept her fate of the triple penetration.

"Doesn't he have a nice cock Dana? It is almost as big as mine and I know how much you like big cocks. You do like big cocks don't you?" Carla asked shamelessly.

Dana simply nodded her head yes as she sucked on my cock. Dana proved to be a very good cock sucker and when Carla sucked on my balls and ran her tongue over my perineum, I knew I wouldn't last much longer. One more swipe of Carla's tongue over my balls sent me over the edge and I blasted my spunk into Dana's mouth. Carla then sucked on my balls as I filled Dana's mouth with my seed. 

Tom's body then stiffened and I assumed that he came in Dana's ass. Just as Tom unloaded in Dana's asshole, Dana screamed that she was cumming. She spit out my cock as her body went into convulsions and she bucked Tom out of her ass. As Tom's cock slipped from Dana's ass it left a trail of semen over her buttocks. Dana thrashed about before finally collapsing on top of Carla mashing their tits together. Carla screamed that she was cumming and her body bucked up into Dana. Carla's seed filled Dana's pussy as Dana went totally limp. 

I was still straddling Carla's face and my cock was oozing with my remaining seed. Carla lifted her head and took my softening cock in her mouth and sucked it dry. Carla then nibbled on my cock head sending chills through my body and I had to push her face away from me. The four of us had major orgasms and we were all drained.

"Wow that was incredible!" I exclaimed.

"Welcome to our little club," Carla replied.

"Now you know our secret and we would appreciate it if you kept it to yourself. Can we trust you to do that Cliff?" Tom asked.

"Absolutely you can trust me to keep this to myself. I am still in a little bit of shock over the whole scene. I never suspected that Carla was anything but a beautiful woman," I replied.

"Cliff, please join us for a drink tonight and we will fill you in. I am sure that you have a lot of questions," Carla offered.

I accepted the invitation and said, "I would love to hear all about you two."

"Dana you did yourself proud tonight with three cocks. You handled your first triple penetration very well. But you should get cleaned up and dressed now then head home. Poor Steve will be wondering what kept you tonight," Carla said in a mocking tone.

Dana struggled to her feet with cum dripping from her pussy and ass. There were still some traces around her mouth as well. She looked embarrassed as she went in to take a shower. Tom, Carla and I also showered, dressed and then went to their condo for a drink. Dana sheepishly got in her car and drove home.

THE CONDO MEETING

As I drove over the Olsen's condo I thought about tonight's events and what I knew about the three of them before this evening. Dana was married to Steve Williams less than a year. She had been married before but had divorced her husband after several years. Dana had been hired as the club manager when the former manager left to join a competitive club. Dana didn't know shit about tennis but she had a wonderful personality and she was a real beauty. It also helped that she was friends with the club's owner John Moore. Dana was enthusiastic and learned the administrative duties quickly. She was a pleasure to have around and a pleasure to look at.

Dana was about 5'5" with auburn hair. She had a beautiful shape with nice tits, shapely legs and a killer ass. Guys were always flirting with her and trying to get a look under her tennis skirt to check out her panty covered ass. If only they knew what I now knew. The furthest thing from anyone's mind would be Dana fucking three guys at the same time. She always seemed so professional and proper around the club. Everyone felt that she and her new husband were really into each other and that there was no chance to score with her. Now I knew the real Dana behind her club image.

Tom and Carla were hired by John Moore when the club first opened two years ago. They were both excellent tennis players and instructors. The quality of tennis at our club accelerated rapidly due to the lessons and programs set up by the Olsen's. According to their resumes they both played college tennis and coached high school and college teams before becoming teaching professionals. Tom played in many of the open tournaments and always did very well. I often wondered why Carla didn't play in the ladies' bracket but tonight I learned why.

I pulled in the driveway behind Tom and Carla and parked my car. They pulled their car into the garage and then welcomed me to their home. The three of us went inside and Tom served the drinks as we sat in their family room. 

"I'm sure that you have lots of questions but why don't Tom and I fill you in on our lives first and then we will answer any questions that you still have?" Carla offered.

"Sounds good I am anxious to hear all about the both of you," I replied.

Carla and Tom both narrated their story and filled in for each other along the way. They started when they were in high school and brought me up to the present. Carla and Tom went to different high schools and they both played tennis for the high school varsity. In high school Carla was still Carl at that time. They met at a summer tennis camp and ended up in the same bunk bed. They became very good friends during the camp and were two of the best players. 

One day Tom was screwing around in practice and accidentally hit one of the instructors with the ball. The instructor named Daren was pissed because he had told Tom to knock it off earlier. Daren told Tom to report to his quarters that evening. Daren must have forgotten about telling Tom to come to his quarters that evening because when Tom arrived he caught Daren lying in bed naked stroking his cock. Tom had never seen anyone jerk off so he quietly watched. He got turned on so he freed his own cock from his shorts and stroked it as he watched Daren. Just then one of the other instructors walked up behind Tom and caught him with his cock in his hand. The other instructor named Collin pushed Tom out from his hiding place and told Daren that his jerking off had turned Tom on. Tom then realized that Collin was naked too and apparently Daren was stroking his cock waiting for Collin to join him.

Daren and Collin went back and forth on what they should do with Tom and they finally decided a good spanking was first in order. Tom said he protested but the other option was to be dismissed from camp so he resolved himself to be spanked. Tom was made to take off all his clothes and lay across Daren's lap. Tom said he could feel Daren's erection pressing into his groin as Daren administered the spanking. Tom wasn't spanked that hard but hard enough to sting and redden his ass cheeks. Collin then offered to soothe Tom's butt with lotion. He spread the lotion all over Tom's ass and let his fingers slide into the crack. Tom was getting aroused by the attention to his ass so Collin took the next step and slipped a well lubed finger into Tom's asshole.

At first Tom protested but then the finger felt better and Tom felt his own cock harden in Daren's lap. Tom's erection did not escape Daren and he told Collin that Tom liked it and that he should add a second finger. Tom said two fingers were really tight and he grunted as Collin worked both fingers up the poop chute. Tom remained hard throughout the ordeal and Daren said it was time to try something a little bigger in his ass like a cock. Tom allowed himself to be placed on the bed on all fours as Collin got behind him and Daren got in front. Collin eased his cock into Tom's ass and when Tom opened his mouth to protest it was filled with Daren's cock. Tom said that he was beside himself but he was convinced that he just had to let it happen. Collin fucked Tom's ass as Daren instructed Tom on how to give a good blow job. Before long Collin ejaculated in Tom's ass and Tom actually liked the feeling of the warm spunk filling his rectum. Daren was next to cum and he filled Tom's mouth with semen. Tom felt the first burst hit the back of his throat and then his mouth filled up so fast that he instinctively swallowed as fast as he could. Daren told Tom to keep sucking him until every drop of cum was drained from his cock.

Tom was shocked when he came without his dick even being touched. Daren felt Tom's spunk hit him in the thighs as Tom shot rope after rope of semen onto Daren and on the bed covers. Daren laughed and told Collin what happened and then they both stroked Tom telling him that he was a natural. The rest of the evening Tom was treated to more sex by the two instructors. Daren fucked him the next time while Tom sucked Collin's cock. Later Daren let Tom fuck him as Collin fucked Tom. Finally Collin sucked Tom's cock as Daren fucked Tom from behind in a standing position.

Tom returned to his quarters totally drained. His asshole was sore and he felt constipated but he felt strangely sexy as well. Carl woke up when Tom crawled into bed and asked him where he had been all night. Tom told Carl that he would tell him tomorrow that he was exhausted and he had to get some rest. Tom crawled in bed and fell asleep within minutes of his head hitting the pillow.

The next day when they had a break, Tom told Carl what had happened the previous night. Carl couldn't believe it but he had always been kind of guy curious and he wanted to learn more. That night after lights out when they were sure everyone else was asleep they snuck into the bathroom. Tom made Carl promise that he had to reciprocate and Carl agreed. Tom said he still remembered how surprised he was when Carl pushed his shorts down and his big cock jumped out. Tom sucked Carl's dick until Carl came in his mouth which didn't take too long since Carl was so excited. Then Carl said he sucked his first cock and let Tom cum in his mouth. They both loved it and they sucked each other off again before they went back to bed.

Tom and Carl said that they continued to suck one another's cock at night every chance they got. Then one night the instructors invited Tom back to their quarters and Tom asked them if he could bring Carl with him. The instructors welcomed the addition of Carl and they were enamored with his large dick. Carl said that they kept calling him Tom's girlfriend and teasingly called him Carla. For the rest of camp the four of them got together frequently for suck and fuck sessions. Tom said he finally took Carl's cock in his ass at the urging of Daren and Collin and ever since then they have been lovers.

Tom explained that they both went to the same college after high school and played tennis for the varsity. They roomed together and continued their sexual relationship. Carl said that they still liked to fuck girls as well and they often fucked the same girl at the same time. Tom said it wasn't until after college that Carl became Carla. Carla said that he started dressing like a woman and that he had the perfect figure for one. Carla let her hair grow long and started taking female hormones. Carla said the hormones gave her small breasts and reduced the body hair. Eventually Carla looked as good as any woman. Tom said that they went to Las Vegas and while they were there they decided to get married. They had a number of tennis career moves and finally ended up as teaching pros at our club.

"Wow that was some story," I sighed and then asked, "How did Dana get into the act?"

Tom replied, "We told you that we like to fuck girls as well and Dana is a beauty. One day we caught Dana blowing John Moore the owner."

"Are you serious, John Moore," I said in shock.

Carla said, "Sure how else do you think she got the job as manager. She doesn't know shit about tennis or how to manage a club."

"I'll be damned I would have never guessed she was banging John," I said still in shock.

"Well she is and that is how we got her to join us for a little sex now and then. She was scared to death that we would tell her husband," Carla added.

"How long have you two been fucking her?" I asked. 

"A couple of weeks now and it has always been in the ladies locker room after everyone leaves," Tom replied.

"Tom took her anal cherry last week and I plan to fuck her ass next week," Carla stated.

"She does have a hot ass," I agreed.

"You know Carla we should let Cliff fuck Dana in the ass before you do. That will stretch her a little more and it may be easier for you to get your ass buster in her," Tom suggested.

"I love it. You fuck her ass first, then Cliff and then me," Carla confirmed the plan.

"Are you two fucking anyone else at the club," I asked.

"Yes just a couple of frustrated housewives but they shall remain anonymous," Tom answered.

"We really fuck them for our own pleasure and not theirs. Tom and I are not into eating pussy and if the women don't get off when we fuck them we don't worry about it," Carla said in a matter of fact.

"Anyone that you would like to fuck but haven't yet," I teased.

Tom jumped in and replied first, "That snob Sally Morrison who is married to Dr. David Morrison. She thinks she is so superior to everyone else. I would love to butt fuck her until she couldn't stand up and walk straight."

"Ditto," added Carla.

"Yeah she is a snob alright but she is still kind of hot. She plays tennis all the time with that other lady doctor, Peggy Jones. I heard that Peggy was a lesbian but that is just a rumor," I said.

"You know all this talk had given me a hard-on. Cliff, have you ever had sex with a man before?" Carla asked as she rubbed her cock.

I shared with Carla and Tom my experiences when I was stationed in Paris. I told them how I had first been hoodwinked by a female impersonator in Pigalle. I shared that once I got over the initial encounter I was okay fucking them and letting them suck my cock. Between the transsexuals and the French women I had plenty of sex in Paris. Also when I was stationed in D.C. that gay guys hung around the military bars all the time and they would pay for drinks in turn for sucking cocks. I told them however that I was not interested in cocks and that I would not allow a cock in my ass or mouth.

"We are okay with that as long as you are willing to let us suck you and that you are willing to fuck us," Carla stated.

I nodded yes and then we all took off our clothes at Tom's suggestion. I sat on the sofa as Carla kneeled between my legs. Carla sucked my cock and caressed my balls. She was a very accomplished cock sucker and she was able to take me deeper than anyone had in the past. I swear I could feel my cock at the back of her throat and she seemed to have the ability to massage my cock head with her throat muscles. She had me racing toward an orgasm and I held her wavy long brown hair as I began to face fuck her. Tom had knelt behind Carla and slipped his cock into her ass. Carla never stopped working on my cock while her husband fucked in the ass. Carla reached under my scrotum and lightly touched my perineum which sent me over the edge and I blasted loads of cum in her mouth. Carla rapidly swallowed all of my spunk and then she continued to suck and milk my cock and drain me totally.
