 It was nearly 11:00 and Marisol and Sarah were becoming increasingly antsy.  The last customers were walking out the door, leaving the bowling alley empty save for the two of them and Don.  Mari strolled over to the front counter, leaving her station at the shoe desk.  She swished the hem of the short, metallic green flared skirt she wore for the party.

"Aren't you going to change?" She let the edge of her skirt fall as she saw Don coming down the walkway with the keys to lock up the front.  His t-shirt and apron were spotted with grease from a day of cooking at the grill.

Sarah heard the sound of car engines and saw a flash of headlights in the parking lot outside.  Car doors slammed and men's voices sounded as Don peered out the front entrance, key in hand.

"Hey! Welcome to Donatello's!" Don called warmly, as ten young men came inside.  

Sarah covered her mouth and slapped Mari on the shoulder.  "Oh my god!  It's the Condors!"  

The college baseball players were Division champs and a Cinderella pick to win the playoffs that started the following week.  The team was the talk of the town and Mari and Sarah had gone to several of the games.  In fact, knowing there were men like them in college had fixed their decision to go on to university themselves at the end of the summer.

Mari turned.  "Holy shit! Cliff's jeans are tighter than his baseball uniform."

The two girls giggled.  Mari had spent many a game extolling the virtues of the catcher's ass as he crouched below them on the field.

As the young men talked amongst themselves inside the entrance, Don locked the doors and walked back towards the grill.  He waved Marisol back to the shoe room, in the opposite direction down the walkway. 

The girls gave him confused looks. Sarah pointed meaningfully at the clock.  Don came back.  "I lock the doors at 11:00 - I don't kick everyone out." He shooed Mari away, taking a moment to leer as she stalked off.  The hem of her skirt bared almost all of her brown legs, from her sandaled heels and the dimpled backs of her knees, to her shapely thighs.

Remembering what a pervert Don was, Sarah said,  "Yes you do, you always-"

Don cut her off with a hard glance.  The players were coming to the counter to register.  "Hot dogs on the house for the Condors," Don said, continuing to glare at Sarah and then turning to smile magnanimously at his guests.

Don stepped away, revealing the bronzed face and almond-shaped eyes of Steve Raicha, who had been standing behind him.  The Amerasian pitcher smiled dazzlingly and held some money out to Sarah.  "We just wanted to bowl a couple of frames."

At once, Sarah forgot about the clock, the party, and her job. "Huh?" she asked.

For the next twenty minutes or so, Sarah tried to busy herself by marking and dating frame cards for the next day and counting the cash. At first, she had craned her neck trying to see the guys bowling, but they were well down the alley, using a couple of lanes in front of the grill.  Every so often, one or two of the guys would come down the walkway, elbowing and joshing each other, to go to the men's room, near Mari's counter.  They smiled at Sarah, but left her alone.

Growing bored, Sarah sat at the counter, her head resting on her hands.  She twirled her glossy black hair around a finger.  Mari was nowhere to be seen, and Sarah was surprised that her friend had not come back to the front counter after all the guys had picked up their shoes.  

Sarah began to daydream, her fertile imagination taking flight.  She was at Terry's party, and Steve was behind her, his strong, gifted fingers massaging her temples, making her forget about all of her worries. Unconsciously, her hips swayed to the music playing in her head.

"Hi."

Startled out of her reverie, Sarah saw Steve standing in front of her.  Her eyes widened. "Hey!" she gushed.

"I guess you must be pretty bored.  Sorry for coming in so late," he said.

"Oh, no problem.  Happens all the time.  You know, we lock the doors at 11:00 - we don't kick people out.  You just squeezed in!"  Sarah grinned, making an exaggerated gesture, holding two of her fingertips close together.
"Another dramatic finish."

Steve chuckled. "This seems like a tough gig.  I mean, you could be out partying or something on a Saturday night," he said.

"Mari and I are just doing it until college in the fall."  Steven was wearing a loose sweater.  His lean chest stood out against the fabric. Sarah suppressed an urge to put her ear against it and feel his heartbeat.

"Really?"  Steve seemed to show interest. "Where are you going?"

"American River." Sarah realized her hips were still swaying.  She froze. 

"Oh yeah? I have some friends there.  I could let them know, maybe they'd hook you up."

"Cool!" Just now, Sarah desperately wanted to be hooked up. 

"Listen, why don't you come join us for hot dogs?  There's plenty."

"OK," Sarah said casually, "Lemme go get Mari."

When Steve went back to the lanes, Sarah raced down the walkway to the shoe counter.

"Hey Mari, let's - what are you doing?"

Mari was putting on bright red lipstick.  Her skin looked a bit flushed. "Nothing," she said, looking in a mirror on the wall.  Marisol's brief shirt left her belly button exposed, stretching over her giant boobs.  Her nipples jutted through the thin material, clearly visible.  

"Aren't you wearing a bra?"

"I was," Mari said, rubbing her lips together.  "Then I asked Hector for an autograph, and he said he would only sign on my bra, if I let him hold it for the night."

Sarah's hand flew to her mouth.  "What? Are you crazy?"

"That's nothing," Mari grinned.  "Cliff took my undies."

Seeing the shock on her friend's face, Mari rolled her eyes. "C'mon Sarah! I mean, how many girls can say real live sports stars autographed their underwear?"

"Umm..." Sarah shook her head in aggravation. "Whatever.  Steve invited us over to sit with them."

"Won't Donno get mad?"

"I don't think he cares as long as they're happy," Sarah said.

Marisol put away her lipstick and fluffed her dyed blonde curls. Sarah watched, somewhat envious of her friend's buxom figure. Between her curves and her clothing, she was positively dripping sex.  

The two friends joined the young men, Sarah sitting next to Steve with the scorecards.  Marisol wanted to sit next to Cliff, but his teammates were crowded around him on the bench.

"Looks like you'll have to sit on my lap," he said.

"You want a hot dog?" Steve offered.

"No.  I don't eat them," Sarah answered, watching her friend with concern.  

Mari perched on Cliff's lap.  What began as him holding her hips in place eventually became rubbing up and down her sides.  She leaned back against him, her head grazing his shoulder. Cliff's strong, tanned hands rubbed her breasts through her shirt. Marisol swatted the groping hands away playfully.  He murmured in her ear.  Sarah noticed a bit of white silk sticking out of Cliff's jacket pocket.

Steve's team was winning, Sarah saw, as she looked at the score.  But the guys were becoming increasingly distracted from the bowling as they watched Marisol and Cliff. A couple of the other players were cute, too, Sarah noticed.  Omar, the best hitter, was dark skinned, muscular and bald.  Eddie, the shortstop, had long blonde hair, tied into a ponytail.

"So what are you going to study next year?"  Steve asked.

"Undies," Sarah said.  "Oh... I mean, Biology."  She blushed.  Her whole body was feeling warm. She had to change the subject, to distract her attention from Mari.  "I turn nineteen next month!"  As soon as she said it, she wanted to slap herself. 

Steve was smiling.  "It's OK.  Don't worry about your friend.  Cliff won't hurt her."

Mari looked anything but hurt.  She giggled as Cliff caressed her body and spoke softly, strands of her blonde hair hanging in his face. Her legs were spread slightly, and her skirt barely covered her crotch.  As Sarah watched, she saw wisps of dark hair under the hem.

"Marisol says she will give a kiss to anyone who gets a strike," Cliff announced.  

The Condors cheered.  Mari whispered in Cliff's ear.

"Anyone who hits a pin," Cliff corrected.

Soon the guys were stepping up to collect their rewards.  As the bowlers watched Mari, an amazing number of the balls went flying into the gutter. No one was paying attention, though, so they went for kisses too.  Eddie was first.  Cliff's fingers danced on Mari's thighs as Eddie held her head.  It was less a kiss than a deep sea-diving expedition.  Eddie's tongue explored the girl's mouth as she moaned in earnest, her head tilted back.  Next came Wendell, Omar, and Roger, each one lingering longer on Mari's full, open lips.  

Steve didn't bowl, but Sarah noticed that he watched her with interest.  "How old is Marisol?" he asked.

"Oh, she's already nineteen."

Steve stood up. "I'm getting some fries.  How about a soda?" 

"Umm, I'll have an orange juice. Large."

Cliff got up to bowl, leaving Mari alone on the bench.  Sarah's friend looked drunk, her light brown skin contrasting with mussed blonde curls, her eyes heavily lidded.  She pulled a foot up to her crotch on the bench, blatantly exposing her pubic area, while she rubbed her breasts under her shirt.  

"I want a hot dog," Marisol moaned. "Gimme a hot dog..."

"Somebody give the girl a hot dog," scolded Cliff, still bowling.

Hector sauntered over to the girl, a hot dog in his hands, dripping with mustard and relish.  Mari leaned over opening her mouth so that Hector could feed her.  Mustard and green relish collected around her mouth, dripping on her hot pink shirt.  She took in several inches of the meat before biting it off and chewing slowly, her soft, dark eyes gazing up at Hector.

Sarah couldn't help herself.  She thought no one was looking.  Her hand roamed over her chest and belly.  Her whole body felt as if it were visibly throbbing.

Hector unzipped his pants and fished out his cock, holding it next to the hot dog.  Mari began to lick it tentatively, as if she were being offered a new sort of food.  She alternated between cock and hot dog, until the meat was gone and only a stiff penis remained.  

"Need some help with that?"  Steve said from behind Sarah.  She felt his fingers making tiny circles on the sides of her neck, and running up behind her ears.  Her breath came heavily, as she thought about what his magic hands could do. She thrilled at the fact that they were caressing her.

"Can't we... go somewhere?" Sarah moaned to Steve.

He sat down next to her, lifting the straw of a bottle of juice to her mouth.  She pursed her lips and sucked.

"Why? Don't you want to watch your friend?"  

Sarah turned to look, half afraid of what she would see.  Mari was far beyond any pretense of propriety. On hands and knees on the bench, she moaned as Hector fed her his cock.  Cliff had flipped her skirt up over her butt, and he squeezed the globes of her ass.  Mari still looked up at Hector as she suckled, her mouth making soft, wet sounds.

"Oh god," Sarah moaned.  Steve was nibbling at her neck.  Her hands slid over her body.  Steve's hands covered hers and drew them down to her crotch, where dampness seeped through her shorts. He turned her head and kissed her full on the lips, his tongue slipping into her mouth.  He was salty and sweet, like french fries and ketchup.

Steve guided her up and over to the bench where he sat her on his lap.  Their lips never separated.  Sarah felt a large bulge under her butt.  She heard Mari grunting in a steady rhythm, punctuated by the sound of slapping flesh.  Steve's hands kneaded her sides, her breasts and her thighs, sending tremors through her body.

Sarah stood up and broke the kiss, pulling Steve's shirt off and baring his smooth, solid chest.  She bent to kiss his nipples and rub her face in his taut flesh as he unbuckled his shorts.  Someone unfastened her own shorts and pulled them down with her panties in one swift motion.  Sarah didn't care who it was; he was doing her a favor.  She stepped out of her clothes, and tugged Steve's shorts to his knees.  He wore nothing under them.  

Steve's shaft stood up stiffly to greet her, dun-colored with a pink tip.  The head itself was abnormally wide, making Steve's cock look like a bizarre mushroom.  Evidently the resemblance was not lost on the others.

Wendell laughed behind her.  "There's a fungus among us."

"Shut up," said Steve, with a nervous grin. "What I lack in length I make up for in helmet coverage."

"It's beautiful," Sarah said, reaching down to gently stroke his cock.  It quivered and trembled between her fingers.  She looked into his eyes, and was surprised to see shyness there.  "Really."

"Aii, chico, vamos!" Mari wailed.  Cliff and Hector rocked her back and forth on the bench, Cliff plunging into her from behind, pushing her, throat deep onto Hector's cock.  The other guys were pulling off their clothes and stroking themselves.  Don watched avidly from the kitchen.  

Sarah pushed her hair back and bent over to nibble on Steve's cock.  Wendell, behind her, had pushed up her shirt and the sports bra underneath to knead her tight breasts.  Steve moaned, his hand guiding the back of Sarah's head.  She licked up and down the shaft, then engulfed the huge head and began to suck.  She felt his cock pulsing in her mouth.  

When she looked up, she saw Roger standing next to Hector in front of Mari.  Roger groaned as he jacked off over a hot dog.  When her mouth was empty, Roger fed Mari the meat. It dripped with sperm.  

"Give her a protein snack!" someone quipped.

Marisol and her muffled wailing were exciting Sarah more and more.  Her nipples stood up like erasers between Wendell's fingers.  Her back straining, she crouched down, still sucking on Steve.  A moment later, she felt Wendell's tongue on her wet pussy.  He lay on the floor underneath her.  Steve gasped and his cockhead jerked in her between her lips.  Sarah took the first spurt of his come against the roof of her mouth, savoring it, and then let the rest shoot onto her face and in her hair.  She kept stroking him until he convulsed and grabbed her hand to still her.

Wendell was going to town underneath her.  He licked indiscriminately, keeping Sarah's juices flowing and her blood at a low simmer.  She moved her head down to lick and suck Steve's balls.  

Hector, Omar and a guy Sarah did not recognize stood around Mari's head.  She was on her back now, and each of the guys was jerking off and shooting into her mouth.  Marisol made infantile noises as she stuck out her tongue to catch sperm. Roger was fucking her with three bunched hot dogs, while other guys held her legs up and apart, kissing her trembling feet.  Her painted toes wiggled and flexed in the air.  

As Sarah held Steve's cock, pulling it up to suck on his testicles, she was surprised to feel it stirring.  She coaxed it back to life until it stood again.  Unable to stand the emptiness in her pussy any longer, she ripped off her shirt and bra. She was naked but for her sneakers and socks. She pushed Steve back on the bench and straddled him, impaling herself slowly on his shaft.  He sunk into her liquid center, both of them groaning in unison.

Sarah had fucked before, but Steve touched her in places she hadn't known were there.  When he was all the way inside her, she began to bounce up and down, her butt slapping his thighs.  

Slamming her pussy down on him like a madwoman, it sounded to Sarah as if their fucking could be heard throughout the entire bowling alley.  She was past caring, however, as delightful as it felt.  Their wet smacking sounds were punctuated by Marisol's hysterical wails.  

"More hot dogs! Hot dog con leche!"

Sarah slowly discovered that if she slid back and forth, instead of up and down, the sensations became nothing short of incredible.   She felt as if she were a fish, caught on a hook of flesh.  Her pussy seemed to expand, as if it would swallow Steve's whole body.  She hunched her slender body against him and wrapped her arms around his neck, increasing the friction.  Steve grabbed her butt, helping to slide as she whimpered against him.  His finger, slick with sweat and her own juices, tickled her anus.

An orgasm washed over her body and Sarah screamed in release.  But the tremors didn't stop.  Steve's amazing cock was lodged in her very core.  As he continued to rock her she lurched through a succession of intense climaxes, one after the other.  Her cries echoed in her head, and she nearly passed out.

A few moments later, she looked down at him with bleary, wet eyes.  He began fucking her slowly once more, and she felt herself gradually climbing towards another orgasm.   

A tube of pink meat slid into her vision.  Sarah engulfed the hot dog, biting into it before the sight of pearly liquid on it registered in her brain.  The flavor was a meaty, pungent mix of sperm and her friend's thick, white vaginal spend.  An hour ago she would have recoiled in disgust, but just then, it was the best hot dog she had ever tasted. She shared it with Steve in a messy kiss.

Marisol straddled Hector on a bed of jackets spread on the floor.  Clifford kneeled behind her, fucking her asshole.  A bottle of cooking oil laid next to them, and the viscous liquid dripped from Mari's butt.  Another guy jacked off in front of her face.  Marisol howled in ecstasy, spitting out a string of unintelligible words in Spanish before the man at her head filled her mouth with cock and cum.  

Sarah had never seen anything like this.  She watched the other girl, fascinated, as gentle waves of pleasure spread throughout her own body.  Kissing Steve, she said, "I want that too.  But... don't stop fucking me." 

Steve nodded, his face straining with effort as he tried to keep a pace he could maintain without coming too fast.  His finger wiggled deeper into Sarah's ass. "Wendell," he called.

Sarah felt oil dripping on her ass.  Steve's finger, wet with it, slid easily into her butthole, and then pulled out, spreading her cheeks.  The she felt what seemed like a thick cockhead pushing its way inside.  She grimaced.  "Oh god, Oh god..."

"Easy... Relax, Sarah."

The head nudged inside, then pulled out, then thrust in a little deeper, stretching her more.  The discomfort was steadily replaced by a wicked, blissful sensation.  Steve had been still, but he slowly began to fuck her again.  

Sarah's insides took off on a roller coaster ride, completely out of her control, dragging her brain along.  She began to lose track of what was happening around her except in brief moments of lucidity.

Marisol was still being triple fucked, plugged in each of her orifices.  Guys replaced each other at her ass and mouth, or pulled her pliant, glistening body onto their own to fuck her from below.  Amazingly, she was still wearing her skirt and shirt.  However, the hem of the skirt was tucked into the waistband, and the shirt was bunched around her neck.

Wendell groaned, his cock spasming in Sarah's ass.  He pulled out, and another cock slid easily in.  Her body was racked with another set of small orgasms.

Don walked back and forth between the girls, fucking one willing mouth, and then the other, as the guys continued to double-fuck them. Neither of the girls cared anymore whose cock thrust into them. Don's belly flattened against Sarah's forehead.  He moaned, pulling out, jerking streams of cum onto her face.

Omar lifted Marisol by the waist, holding her upside down.  Her bare brown feet kicked in the air as she sucked his cock.  Other guys gathered around, supporting her body, and wiping their cocks in her hair and face.

Steve was constantly underneath her.  Her chin dripped on him, and she dug her face into his neck after every quivering climax.
