 Author's Note: As I said before, these stories are hard to categorize... voyeurism, exhibitionism, a threesome, with some light bi-play and a hot wife. If male bisexuality offends you, please don't read the story. 

**************

 Chapter 5 - Trick and Treat

Carol looked wonderful walking ahead of me into our bedroom, her cute little ass peeking below her swaying shirt tail. The top of her firm legs and inner thighs were visibly wet from a morning full of orgasms and cock teasing.

The bed was still messed up from the night before, the scent of sex hung in the air. My mind flashed back, once more, to our unexpected threesome and sharing my wife, and myself, with another man for the first time.

Dropping her shirt, she turned to face me. She was a MILF in every sense of the word. At 45, her 5' 7" curvaceous frame was perfectly proportioned for her body. Reaching out her arms, she drew me close, pressing my hard upwards slanting cock against her warm moist pussy. I could feel the large dark nipples of her 34D breasts pushing pointedly into my chest as she wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me.

We were here to fulfill our bargain. After a night of sharing ourselves with David, we'd made an agreement to tell all, to share that which we had never shared with each other before. What I would have once envisioned as my worse nightmare, had become a liberating adventure of sexual discovery. Not the least of which was what a wicked, wonderful sexy woman I was really married to.

I broke our kiss. "So far, I've been doing all the talking and you've been doing all the cumming."

Reaching down between us, she filled her hand with my thick 7" cock. "Ohhh. Poor, Baby. Are you needing some relief?"

All morning long she'd been bringing me to the edge and 'forcing me' to tell her about my time in college with Jeff and Allie.

"A deal is a deal. You finish telling me what happened in college and I'll tell you how Jeff got me out of my wedding dress on our honeymoon." The very thought of Jeff's huge 9" cock buried in my wife's pussy left my head spinning. "But, before you finish, there's something I have to ask." 

"Go for it." After the last 24 hours, I didn't think there was anything we couldn't tell each other. 

"When I was... a.... interrogating David this morning, he said you told him that was the first time you've ever given a blow job."

"That's the truth."

"But that's not what Jeff said." 

My chest tightened. "What did Jeff say?"

"Well... when I tried to suck his cock the first time..."

"The 'first time', you mean there was more than once?"

In answer, she just smiled. 

"As I was saying, that first time, I couldn't fit much more than just the head of his cock into my mouth and later he made a joke. Something like, 'Don't feel bad, that's about as much as fit into Paul's mouth too."

My faced burned with embarrassment. "That asshole."

"So, what's the story? Did you suck Jeff's cock or didn't you?"

"No. Well, yes... but not the way you mean it. I didn't give him a blow job."

Laughing she pulled me by my cock onto the bed, "Let me see if I have this right. His cock was in your mouth and you were sucking, but it wasn't a blow job?"

"It's complicated.... He tricked me."

Pushing me back on the bed, she straddled my hips, and casually sat done on my cock. "Ohhhh... this is going to be good. Start talking." Then, reaching back and grabbing my balls she added, "And remember, pace yourself.."

*********

While none of us acknowledged it, with graduation approaching, we all knew our days were numbered. Honestly, at the pace things were escalating, I couldn't see how things could go much further without violating the rules of Allie's game. If I 'woke up' even once, the pretext was over and everything ended.

On our next to the last time together, Jeff added a twist. "Pretend I'm Paul."

She feigned reluctance. "I couldn't do that."

But Jeff insisted it was just pretend... role playing. He began fingering her. "You know, like when I pretend to be your stepfather coming into your room at night and playing with your little girl pussy."

She got quiet when he said that. She laid there and I watched as Jeff moved his fingers inside her and her hips began to rotate. After a long pause she moaned, "Okay, Baby... If that's what you want. I'll fuck Paul for you." Then, quickly added, "But only pretend... I could never really do something like that."

There was something about the conversation that seemed staged and, for the first time I wondered just how spontaneous these times together really were. Reaching over, she turned on the desk lamp, illuminating their bed in a golden glow while casting mine deeper in shadow. It was my first unobstructed view of the two of them together and it was breathtaking. She was inclined against the wall, facing me, her legs spread wide, Jeff's partially buried hand sliding and rotating in and out of her neatly shaved pussy. She looked right at me in the dark, her fingers entwined in Jeff's hair, pushing one tit into his sucking mouth while she pinch and twisted the large dark eraser shaped nipple of the other.

"God, Paul, what are you doing? Stop. I thought you were Jeff. I never would have..." Jeff pushed his hand deeper inside her. "Uhhhh...uhhh... God... Stop.... we can't... I'm... not.. .that... kind of girl..." 

Jeff moaned, "I know you want it, Allie... I know you want my cock."

"Ohhh... God... Paul we shouldn't... we... we can't... "

"I've seen you looking at it... I've seen your pussy getting wet..."

"No.... No... uhh.... I never..."

"Don't lie to me..."

"Ahhh... Ahhh....Www-hat.. are.you going... to do... to me... "

"I'm going to fuck you, Allie. I'm gonna give you that cock you want so bad."

"Oh... God... Paul... no... don't... fuck..me. Please... I'll do anything... Just don't fuck me with your big cock... "

"Will you suck my dick, Allie... Suck it all the way down? I know you can fit it all into that pretty little mouth of yours. Would you do that, Allie? Would you suck my cock?"

"Yesss... I'll suck it... I can suck it sooo good Paul... All the way down."

She groaned as he pulled his hand from her gapping pussy and pulled her head to his cock. She grasped it in both hands and began to pump it.

"Let me suck it, Paul.... I'll suck it for you... I'll let you fuck my mouth... .but please... Please... Don't fuck my pussy." 

He pushed her head down on his shaft, roughly pushing half his length past her lips. "And will me let me cum in your mouth Allie.... let me fuck it 'till I cum?"

Bobbing her head up and down his shaft, she moaned her agreement and began mouth fucking his cock. 

For the next few minutes I watched her fingers working furiously between her legs as she worked more and more of his shaft into her mouth. I could tell Jeff was close to cumming, when she pulled her mouth off his cock and sat up.

Her voice was breathless, "I know you're going to fuck me... You're going to force my legs open... and you're just going... to... to fuck me... aren't you, Paul!?... You're going to fuck my little pussy... " Straddling his hips, her back to him, she spread her legs wide, and looked right at me as she placed his bulbous head into the mouth of her cunt.

"Well, just do it then... You Bastard... Fuck my pussy!" And in one swift motion she impaled herself. "Ohhhh... God!!! Paul... Fuck me! Do it! Fucking... Fuck meeeeee!"

Grabbing her hips, Jeff began to buck wildly beneath her. 

"Oh God... Oh God.. .Oh God... I'm cumming Paul!!! Cum with me! Cum with me, Baby... Cummmmmm innn mmyyy pussssssy... Fuckkkkk... "

Jeff howled and together we filled her with cum. 

Afterwards, they got dressed in silence and went back to her place. I laid in the dark and wondered if that would be our last time together. There were only three days of school left.

I barely saw Jeff and Allie that last week. The months spent watching the two of them have sex, being so close to her as we came together, had been a sweet torture. Now, the thought of it ending without ever touching her was depressing. 

It was close to midnight when Jeff called. "Buddy, if ever there was a time not to wake up, this is it. Trust me. You won't be sorry."

It was only a short time later that I heard Jeff's key in the lock. When they came in, they lingered just beyond the doorway. Laying in the dark, my heart pounding, it seemed like forever. 

The sounds of muted whispers and rustling clothes floated in from the next room. There was a long silence, followed by the sound of Allie moaning. A moment later, she was there. 

The dim illumination of the night light bathed her in a glow, painting erotic shadows across her body. What the dark denied me, my memory and imagination filled in. I knew every inch of her 5' 9" frame. The angle of her 32 C breasts and shape of her nipples when she got excited, like she was now. The curve of her thighs as they came together. And the beautiful flowery shape of her pussy, neatly shaved except for a small baby-blond patch of hair that surrounded her clit.

Even after months of seeing her splayed naked in the bed next to me, the sight took my breathe away. I don't think I've ever wanted a woman as badly as I wanted her in that moment. I would do anything, play whatever game she needed me to, if it meant even a chance of having her.

Jeff's bare form appeared beside her. Turning, she opened her legs and wedged the head of his hard cock firmly between her thighs and began kissing him. For a few minutes, they just stood there, framed against the doorway, making out and exploring each other's bodies. 

The intoxicating aroma of her excitement drifted into the room like a physical caress across my body. The sound of breathing grew heavy and intermixed with their moans and murmurs. I was on the brink of wrapping my hand around my cock, when she broke their kiss and looked in my direction. 

Taking her by her shoulders, Jeff walked her to the edge of the bed where I laid sprawled. 

Looking down at my deliberately exposed cock, her whispered words rode the heated rhythm of her panting breaths, "God, Jeff, I don't know if I can do this."

Wrapping his hands around her, he began massaging her breasts, kissing her neck, and whispering in her ear. "You don't have to do anything you don't want to, Allie."

Continuing to look down at my cock, she moaned and parted her legs as he slowly slid his hand across her body and between her thighs. Soon she was rocking her hips in time with the movements of his fingers. 

As they spoke, her words were draped in a hushed excitement. His every whisper was a seduction. 

"He looks sooo hard."

"Do you want to touch him, Allie? No one will know... not even Paul."

She bit her lower lip. "But, what if her wakes up?"

"He won't, I promise. Watch..." He moved to her side, and with a shock, I felt him take my cock into his hands. "See, Baby. He's not going to wake up. I promise... just touch him." She watched in fascination as he began to pump my cock. "You know you want to."

When he reached out and replaced his hands with hers, she didn't resist. Where his touch had been firm and heated, hers was delicate and cool. He began moving her fingers up and down my shaft.

"It's so hot! I didn't expect it to feel so hot. Damn, Jeff."

"Do you like it, Baby?"

She didn't reply, but when he took his hand away, she continued pumping on her own. I was in heaven. It was everything I could do not to make a sound or move my hips.

Jeff moved behind her. From where I lay, I couldn't see what he was doing, but I felt her other hand brush my thigh and the pressure of her weight on the bed, as she slowly bent at the waist over my body. Her mouth was so close I could feel her warm breath against my shaft and the tips of her nipples brushing against my thighs as she began to make little cooing sounds. 

After waiting so long, it was only a few minutes, before I felt the swelling throb of a pending orgasm beginning to build. I was going to cum. 

Suddenly, she dropped my cock and stepped back from the bed. "We have to stop. He's going to wake up. I know he is."

I'm sure a groan escaped my lips, but if either of them heard, they pretended not to notice. I was so close, I could feel the weight of my cock gently bouncing against stomach, matching the pace of my beating heart. 

"He won't I promise." His hands were once more opening and closing over her breast, teasing her nipples. She leaned back and closed her eyes. "Wouldn't you like to feel him... feel him inside you... just once." She bit her lower lip. "After all we've been through, you can't tell me you haven't thought about how good it would be..."

"Oh, Baby... please... stop." Her voice had a little tremor. "I told you, I could never do something like that. I just couldn't."

He reassured her. "It's okay. It's alright, Baby." He kissed her. "But, I want you to do something for me. I want you to put your fingers deep into your pussy."

She stopped and looked up at him. "Will you do that for me?" She obediently dropped her hand down between her legs. "Put them in deep... I want them juicy and wet."

She bent just a little as she pushed her fingers deeper into herself, a long moan followed her movements. It was maddening having her so close, seeing her so aroused, and not being able to touch her.

Taking her hand in his, I could hear her wetness as he pulled her fingers from between her legs. "Watch this... when I put your fingers on his lips he'll suck them."

Even with my eyes closed tight, I could sense her fingers moving towards my lips. Her wet heated aroma sent a thrill through my already aroused body and I sucked her fingers in with a greed that belied my sleeping. She immediately pulled back.

"He's awake!" 

"No, he's not. It's instinctual. Here, watch." He took her hands in his once more and brought her fingers back to my lips. This time I sucked them in slowly and gently. "See.... He's still sleeping like a baby."

"Oh, God. That's sooo hot. He's sucking my pussy juice." She pulled her fingers from my lips, only to return them a moment later, wetter than before. She was feeding me the juice from her pussy.

"Wouldn't you love it if that was your clit in his mouth?" She moaned. "If your pussy was in his mouth and he was sucking on you?"

"I couldn't... do something like that. I'm not like that." She pulled her fingers away only to bring them back wet again. She began to slide them in and out like she was fucking my mouth. "Besides... there's no way I could do something like that without him waking up."

"Just put your nipple in his mouth. He wouldn't wake up from you doing that."

She giggled, "God, Jeff, where do you come up with these things?"

There was something in her voice that gave her away. Suddenly I knew exactly where he came up with the idea. It was hers. All this time I thought of Jeff as the puppet master. Suddenly I realized that Allie was pulling a few strings of her own. But I didn't care. In fact I reveled in the knowledge that this wasn't something Jeff was talking her into. She wanted whatever was going to happen to happen.

When next she spoke, the reluctance in her voice was unconvincing. "Okay. But you have to turn off the night light. If I'm going to do this, it's going to be in the dark."

I sensed Jeff moving away, just as I felt her firm nipple pressing against my lips. The room went completely dark as I opened my mouth wide and gently sucked in her entire areola. 

"Ohhh... he's really doing it... He's sucking me. Ohhhh... that feels sooo good." Jeff was moving behind her and she moaned as I started playing my tongue over and around her nipple. "Oh, God, Jeff... what.. if he's... he's not really... asleep? Ahhh... what if he's just... uhhh... been pretending... Oh, God, Jeff what are you doing... please... put it in me..."

"Not yet... Baby. Just let him suck you... Feel how good it feels." I could hear the sound of wet movement over her heavy breathing. She pulled one breast from my mouth only to replace it with the other. It was coated in her pussy juice. 

"Oooohhh.... lick it off... lick... it...." She kept feeding me her breasts, first one, then the other, as Jeff worked his magic between her legs. "Ahhh... wha.. what... if... he's... pretending... wha... what... if... he's really... AAhhhhh!!!! .... Oh God... oh God... I'm cumming!!! Jeff! Oh baby... I'm cummming... AAahhhh...."

Her breath came in ragged spasms and she shuttered and bucked above me, pushing her breast deep into my mouth. Then, for a moment, she stood motionless. "Woooo... that was so good."

With a breathless sigh, she slipped her nipple from my mouth and turned away from me, pressing herself against Jeff. "I'm sooo hot. I need you in me."

I could just make out their forms in the dark as he turned her back around to face me. "What about Paul?" He whispered, his hand sliding once more between her legs. She immediately began rocking against his fingers.

"I want to... I really... do..." Her delicate hand reached out for me. "If only I could be sure..." She ran her finger tips along my inner thighs, over my balls and caressed the length of my shaft. "...really sure..." She bent forward, brushing her breasts across my face. "...he's asleep and won't wake up." I closed my eyes as she pushed her breast back into my mouth and whispered in my ear. "... No matter what."

Rocking back and forth against Jeff's fingers, it was only a few minutes before her breathing was once again growing ragged. She kept alternating between pushing her breast deep into my open, sucking mouth and pulling it away as she leaned down to run her fingers between my legs and over my throbbing member. Caressing, but never pumping, she'd run her cool hand along my length and then she'd envelope my head in her palm and give it a delicate squeeze.

Moving beside her, Jeff leaned down and whispered by our ears. "If I could prove he was asleep and won't wake up.... what would you do, Allie? Would you... would you fuck him?"

After a prolonged moment of silence, with a hesitant voice she responded. "No. I couldn't do that..." Then, pushing her breast deep into my mouth, stretching it wide, she softly added, "... but I could suck his cock."

"Is that what you want, Allie? You want Paul's cock in your mouth? You want to suck it?"

"If he wasn't awake, I'd suck him so good for you, Jeff." She pulled her breast from my lips. "I'd fuck him with my mouth... while you fucked me with your cock..." Jeff moaned.

Inhaling shapely, my hips involuntarily rose from the bed, as she suddenly grasped my cock in both hands. "But you have to prove it to me... prove he's really asleep. Can you do that for me, Baby?"

I felt her press against my lips, but when I opened wide to take her in, it was the bulbous head of Jeff's cock that filled my sucking mouth. My eyes flew open only to shut again as Allie gave out a guttural moan and began rapidly pumping my cock. I groaned, only to feel Jeff sliding another inch or two of his thick heated shaft over my tongue and deeper into my already stretched mouth.

Allie's voice was shaking with excitement. "He's really doing it. He's sucking your cock."

It happened so fast, I couldn't think. 

"I told you, Baby. He's sound asleep. Trust me. Paul would never do this if he was awake."

I'm not sure what would have happened next, but right then Allie's mouth plunged down on my cock. My moans were met by corresponding moans from Jeff. Despite myself, I started sucking and tonguing him as he began to slid the top third of his cock in and out of my mouth.

Part of me was in a panic, but another part was lost to Allie's all consuming orifice. I wanted it to stop and go on forever at the same time. In the end, I just froze and let it happen. 
