 After my marriage broke up I had never felt so alone. Although the marriage had started well the last few years had been unremittingly miserable after my husband had taken to drink in a major way. Against this background I was entertaining my niece who had travelled from London to spend the weekend at my home in the country. To say the least that visit changed my whole life.

"Auntie Sandra you are still beautiful and very curvy," my niece Paula had told me." You want to get yourself another man and have some fun with him or better still get a couple of men." Paula had said with a cheeky grin. 

Our weekend conversations were dominated by talk of men and Paula's sexploits. She had done things that I would never dream of doing but I could tell she had no conscience about it and quite the reverse; she had had a great time. I thrilled listening to one particular escapade involving two men where almost involuntarily I pressed a hand between my legs to control the urge that suddenly occurred. I'm sure that I said lots of things too but when I've been drinking wine I can rarely remember all the detail. The result of Paula's visit was that I agreed to go down to London for the weekend of my 39th. birthday.

"How was your birthday party then?" I asked Paula when arriving at her apartment in the Islington area of London.

"I'll tell you later but it did involve my favourite pastime."

"Sex?"

"Yes," Paula answered.

I smiled and scolded her that at 24 years old she should be a little more responsible.

Paula had returned from work a little early to greet me and after we had both showered and made up we left to go to a quiet Italian restaurant. The meal was simple and delicious, made even better by the bottle of Soave we consumed. It was after ten o'clock when the taxi dropped us at Paula's favourite pub near to her home. On entering the rowdy and crowded bar, Paula was met by a group of four men, all about her own age.

"Happy birthday Auntie Sandra," said one of the men and continued, "I hope you enjoy it as well as Paula did last week." This brought smiles to the group of friends.

Another glass, a rather large one, of wine appeared before I could pull Paula to one side. "Why did you tell them it was my birthday?"

"Oh, I thought you would enjoy a party atmosphere and loads of banter with some gorgeous men."

I had to admit to myself that the men were really attractive but said nothing. After yet more wine Paula invited the men back to her place for a final drink and maybe party a little more. I thought nothing of this as I was enjoying the company. 

At the apartment, wine was opened, music played and I danced with both John and David before we all piled on to two sofas set either side of a large coffee table. I sat between John and David and on the opposite side Paula sat between Ken and Peter.

The banter continued when David produced a deck of playing cards

"I've got the cards so I dare you again," said David across the table.

"Only if my Auntie plays."

"Stop calling me Auntie," I said in good spirit, "And what game is this?"

"It's a variation of strip poker," said David. "It's great fun and not to be taken seriously. You'll enjoy yourself."

"Not likely," I said. "I don't think I want to play games like that."

"Sandra," my niece said quietly, "It is good fun and you can stop at any time."

All the men were smiling very naturally, nothing forced and encouraging me to say yes. I began to waver; perhaps it was the wine and I asked what the game was about.

Essentially it was strip poker but when someone lost a garment, the men would help the ladies out of it and similarly the ladies would help remove a man's garment. The good-natured banter continued and eventually I was cajoled in to agreeing. although with assurances that I could stop at any time.

The first hand saw Peter lose and Paula took his right foot and I his left one and removed his shoes and socks. Paula lost the next hand and I watched two men on each leg remove her shoes and then all four managed to suck her toes. Paula squealed in delight and I was about to quit having seen where the game was going but a little voice in my head told me to delay. Peter then lost a second time and I moved over to help remove his shirt. Paula made a big show of this and licked one of his hairy nipples.

My stomach was now churning with fear or was it apprehension or indeed excitement? It churned a whole lot more when I lost the next hand and my shoes were removed. I'd never had my toes sucked before and did not realise the effect it would have. My stomach was still churning but another feeling between my legs became stronger as I now realised how moist I had become there. I was nervous now but still I would play.

As luck would have it John sat at my left-hand side lost the next three hands in a row. Everyone was laughing as after the third loss Paula unzipped his trousers and pulled them off. I helped Paula by pulling at one side and averted my eyes until his pants were removed. I had a wobble in my stomach when I did look as his cock was clearly outlined under his underpants. The material hugged the contours so I could easily see exactly how big it was. I could not believe how thick it was laying at right angles to the top of his legs. I'd hoped that no one had noticed me staring.

Paula then lost her dress and I became very wet and needed to squeeze my legs together as I watched. Her dress was simply removed but followed by her neck being kissed and hands touching all her naked skin. None of the men touched her breasts or her panties but it was incredibly sexy. I doubted I could go on but the voice said at least go that far and then stop. 

Three hands later when another pair of trousers and a shirt had been removed I lost the hand. I seemed to be short of breath as the men then removed my dress. They all said that they had been dying to see my breasts and couldn't wait for the next hand. As with Paula my neck and other bare skin were kissed, licked and touched but hands kept away from my bra and panties. I'd had to stand for this and on sitting down glanced yet again at the outline of John's cock. It clearly twitched and as I transferred my look from his groin to his face. His wide smile sent a shiver through my body.

"I must stop now," I announced. "I really can't go on."

"You must," cried Paula.

"You can't stop until you lose a hand. Rules of the game," said David.

I laughed at this and sure it was being made up as another hand was dealt. Peter lost and he would now show all. I moved over to nervously hold a tiny part of his pants whilst Paula gave a tug and then removed them. As she lay them on the carpet her tongue climbed back up his leg, licking all the way, and stopped short of his erection. She gave it a little twirl with her left hand and before I realised had taken my right hand and touched it on Peter. I withdrew almost immediately. Everyone now was laughing and cheering including myself. 

Paula lost the next hand and watching her bra being so gently removed had me squeezing my legs together again. It was impossibly sexy. Her nipples stood on end to receive the tongues that fought for a place. At one stage two men were kissing each side of the nape of her neck sending shivers through her body as the other two each licked a nipple.

I said again that I was stopping but was told that I had to wait until I lost a hand.

Paula lost again and a lump formed in my throat. I could not explain how I felt when her panties were removed and she was laid along the sofa. Ken, who was almost still fully dressed kissed her on the lips and was stroking her hair. Peter moved his head between her legs and I could clearly see his tongue work it's magic. Paula's body arched to meet the gentle probing in her vagina as I sat there transfixed.

David on my right slightly tilted my body around to encourage me to lay back on our sofa. My whole being tingled and my mind went outside of my body and looked on as John slowly removed my panties. I was about to fight and stop it all when I heard Paula moan and saw that Peter had penetrated her and again I watched whilst his cock plunged in to Paula's body and rose again.

I lost everything in that moment as John had pulled away my panties and I felt something soft at the wall of my vagina. It was the first time a man had used his tongue on me and I was totally lost. Within a few seconds I could feel an orgasm building. I think John could tell too as he raised his head, stared right in to my eyes and removed his pants. My eyes focused on his cock, I still could not believe how wide it was and it was coming for me. All pretence and all defence evaporated as I wanted that magnificent beast of a cock I climaxed for the first time as he entered me and climaxed again when I felt him shudder and fill me. 

I was a little surprised when virtually straightaway he withdrew and made to kiss me powerfully on my lips. I was lost in the moment and before I realised that another cock was at the lips of my vagina, Ken had gained entrance and started to fuck me. Paula came round to my shoulders and removed my bra and she also kissed me whilst Ken continued fucking me. John took her place and hugged me in to his chest whilst yet another orgasm was about to come on me. Ken came at the same time making me shudder down to my toes. John hugged me tighter as David replaced Ken between my legs. I wasn't there anymore, my mind left my body to enjoy every thrust and hug. Then Peter entered me and I vaguely thought that he'd already fucked Paula. He had but had saved his semen for me.

It took a while for me to recover and for the boys to leave as I recovered my senses. I felt very guilty and sheepish when I was about to say goodnight to Paula.

Paula smiled, "Well, did you enjoy it?" she asked.

I blushed and couldn't think what to say.

"You said it was your fantasy to have more than one man." Paula stated.

"Did I?" 

"Yes, at your house, so I arranged it for your birthday."

I started to smile and then laugh. So did Paula and we moved across to hug each other full of smiles.

"My turn next time," she said.