 The building was silent and dark. The sun had set almost an hour ago and the field was empty.  Madison High School was one of the largest buildings in the town.  It was situated on theoutskirts of town.  The original idea was to build homes around the school, but with the closing of one of the auto plants the land around was vacant.

It was three stories high with three wings.  The parking lot was empty and there was light dew on the grass.  Walking down the path were four students.  Two guys and two girls.  They had with them a tent and four cases of beer. They set up their tent and waited.  Soon groups of four to six teenagers arrived.  By midnight, there were almost twenty teenagers.  This was going to be an awesome party. 

Every year the school had a tequila sunrise.  It was tradition and so much so that the police had given up on trying to break up the party.  In past years, when they had done that the graduates had just moved their party to someone’s backyard or a nearby park At least this way, they were not bothering anyone else.  By midnight, the alcohol was flowing and the party was in full swing.

“I want you inside me right now.”  Heather’s voice was soft as it vibrated against Nick’s earlobe.  She was very drunk and very horny.  Nick had only started dating Heather a few weeks ago and already they had fucked a few times.  He was drunk as well.  He had no idea how many beers he had, but he was drunk and fucking horny.

“Only if your sister joins us.”  Nick grinned.  He had the typical teenage boy fantasy of being able to fuck both Murray twins at the same time.  He had jerked off way too many times thinking of one of them sucking his cock while the other let him suck her pussy.  He had begged her twice to fuck both of them, but each time she had said no.  His heart leapt out of his chest when she responded differently.

“Of course.”

Heather knew that Nick wanted both her and Cindy.  She had heard him whine to his friends about how she let him do almost everything he wanted but that.  They were graduating tomorrow and she was planning on dumping him anyway.  One night of a threesome wasn’t going to hurt her.

“You fucking serious?”  Nick stepped back and tried to figure out if she was teasing him.  Heather nodded and it took all his energy not to cum right there and then.

“You go wait in the tent. I’ll go get Cindy.”

Nick grabbed three more beers and headed to his tent.  The field was full of tents and the moans and whimpers from some of the tents indicated he wasn’t the only one that was going to get lucky.  He got into the tent and laid out the two sleeping bags.  He waited.

Heather found Cindy and whispered something in her ear.  Cindy excused herself from the group she was chatting with and followed her sister to the tent.

Heather and Cindy were both tall and thin, with dark brown hair and green eyes.  They had small firm breasts and were both on the cheerleading team.  They were social butterflies and loved every minute of it.

The two twins entered the tent and grinned. Nick was laying naked on his back, his cock standing at attention.

“Well hello girls.”

“Hi Nick.” The twins said those words in unison. They stepped into the tent and stripped quickly.  Heather moved up and straddled his chest, kissing him passionately.  Nick moaned as he felt her wet pussy grinding against his chest hairs.  He was so horny and so aroused.  He cried out when he felt Cindy’s warm, wet mouth suck on his cock.

“Oh fucking hell that’s it baby.”  Cindy grinned. She loved sucking cock and was happy that Nick approved. She was kneeling by his feet holding his cock with one hand.  She was moving her mouth up and down his cock and playing with his balls with her other hand.  She could taste the precum oozing and loved the taste.

“She’s a good cock sucker isn’t she?”  Heather was playing with her nipples, rolling them in her fingers and rubbing them against his lips.

“Fuck yeah.  I’m so happy you’re letting me fuck both of you.”  Heather giggled.  She turned around so that her pussy was above Nick’s mouth.  Nick hungrily latched onto her clit and sucked.  His large hands wrapped around her hips and pulled her close.  He loved the taste of her pussy and moved his tongue fast against it.

He was so consumed with licking her pussy that he didn’t realize that he had two tongues on his cock at once.  Cindy was continuing to lick his cock, but Heather had joined in as well.  He wanted to watch, but wanted to lick Heather’s pussy.  It was a tragic choice he had to make. He decided to continue licking her clit.

“I’m going to cum girls.” It wasn’t a warning as much as a statement. He wasn’t sure about Cindy, but he knew that depending on Heather’s mood she either really wanted to swallow or really wanted him to cum on her breasts. This way she got to choose.

“You swallow sis.  I know you wanted him to cum deep inside you.”  Nick couldn’t decipher which sister had said this, but he didn’t care.  On the next stroke of one of their tongues he began to cum.  A hot mouth surrounded his cock and he felt her throat contract as she swallowed.  She was deep throating him and the back of her throat was massaging the sensitive tip of his cock.

When he finished cumming, he closed his eyes.  Heather climbed off him. When he opened his eyes he gasped.  Heather and Cindy were kissing.  He watched in awe until they noticed him staring.

“We wanted to share your cum.”  Heather giggled then climbed onto his throbbing cock.  It was harder than ever and he knew he would explode again soon.  He moaned as Heather sank down on his cock and began to ride him.

“You girls are fucking amazing.  Cindy, I want to lick your pussy.”  Cindy nodded and climbed onto his face. She was facing her sister and they began to kiss and fondle each other.  The tent smelled like sex.  The air was hot and humid and sweat covered all of their bodies.  He had one wet pussy fucking his cock and was licking and sucking another.  He could hear the twins kissing and licking each other’s nipples.

“Cumming!”  Nick moaned those words into Cindy’s pussy and came again.  The girls just giggled and continued to ride him. He felt both girls roll off him and watched as they rubbed each other’s clits.  He grabbed his cock and started to stroke himself.  His eyes were glued to their small fingers inside each other’s pussies. His eyes shifted back and forth from Heather to Cindy.  The twins did the same.  It was almost like a contest to see who would cum last.  They were teasing each other so much and Nick knew that they were close.

Suddenly, they all came.  Heather screamed out and gushed all over Cindy’s hand.  Cindy whimpered and held her breath as her legs shook.  Nick aimed his cock at Heather’s breasts and watched as thick ropes of cum landed on her creamy breasts.

The three teenagers stared at each other.  Nick fell back onto the sleeping bag and opened his arms.  The twins lay on each side of him and cuddled close.  The last thought Nick had before falling asleep was that this was the way to celebrate graduation.