 Chapter 4 - Terry's Story. The last chapter. Terry invites Robin to her and her husband's hotel room where she experiences the hottest sexual moment of her life.

Robin entered the room first followed by Terry.

The waitress gasped when she found Mike, naked and hard, on the bed. His cheeks were flushed, a little embarrassed, but his cock was proud and ready, jutting from his lean hips. Terry's nipples hardened at the sight of her husband. He was so handsome, so proud.

Terry took off her clothes leaving not a stitch on. Now Robin was the only one with clothes on. The girl was breathing unsteadily, fingers twiddling idly together. 

Another rush of arousal swept through Terry, shooting straight to her pussy. It made her want to come, the feeling was pure heaven. And when she thought of commanding this girl to fuck her husband, that feeling grew nearly unbearable inside her—one constant, throbbing ache that nearly, but not quite, made her come.

Terry stepped forward and caught Robin by the shoulders. The girl froze, her eyes locked on Mike. Terry cupped the girl's slender shoulders then moved down to cup the heft of her big breasts. She had full, heavy tits the kind that overfilled your palm. Her nipples were big and puckering by the second.

Over the girl's shoulder, Terry spied her husband. He now had his cock in one hand and was stroking himself slowly. His eyes were rapt on the show.

Terry plucked at the girl's thick, pert nipples. Her shirt and bra provided too much of a barrier for her to really touch her properly. 

Terry fingered the top button of the girl's white work shirt. She opened the first button. Then another. And another. Agonizingly slowly, revealing the girl's bare stomach and breasts. Mike's chest rose and fell in excited pants, his cock flushed with arousal. The girl kept her chin to the ground, her pose entirely submissive, at their bidding.

Terry pulled the girl's shirt and bra off releasing Robin's lovely breasts. Terry wanted to touch them so badly. She could barely contain her excitement. She cupped the big breasts. Robin's skin was soft, nipples dimpled, puckered, and hard. Terry plucked at them making Robin's breathing hitch and her body to sag against Terry. 

Terry caught her. 

She played with the girl's breasts for long minutes, savoring the heft, the softness, the give, the hard tip of her nipple. All the while Mike watched from the bed. His groans matched Robin's. Terry was so wet she dripped down her thighs—and she hadn't even been touched yet.

Just directing this scene made her hot.

"Come on now, Robin. It's time to show my husband what else he gets to sample tonight," Terry said.

Robin gasped, a blush stealing over her pretty face. Mike thrust his hips in agreement at what Terry said. 

"Show me," he said, cupping his heavy sac with a strong hand.

Terry unbuttoned the girl's black skirt. It fluttered to the floor. Robin stepped out of them at Terry's bidding. All that was left was a pair of pink cotton panties with bright red kisses covering them. The girl had the perfect curvy figure. Her waist was trim with smooth hips that flared out and flowed down into long, lean legs. The girl's skin was milky soft. Terry found herself kissing it, licking it, touching her all over.

She cupped Robin's ass to learn its firm shape and slapped it to test its buoyancy. "Mmm," Terry said, moaning. She was getting so exciting, she might come and she still hadn't been touched either! Hell she was panting like a dog. She grabbed Robin's hips to measure them while her own thrust against Robin's ass. She slipped her fingers into Robin's underwear to discover her soaking wet, hot pussy. Robin's pussy was drenched with creaminess and hot to touch. Her clit was a stiff, tender nub. When she grazed her fingers across that nub, Robin jerked and moaned, her body quivering.

Mike started stroking his cock faster, he was getting closer.

Pressing kisses down Robin's hip, Terry pulled Robin's panties down her legs. She sat all the way down until she was on her knees before Robin's pussy. She was bare—a soft, hairless cunt that was flushed red and pink from arousal.

"Mike, she's dying for your cock."

Mike groaned, sweat drenching his forehead. "Let me fuck her, Terry."

"Oh, I'll let you fuck her. But first I want to taste her. She looks so sweet, babe," Terry said. Mike made an incomprehensible noise like a growl.

Terry swooped forward, darted her tongue out and licked that creamy honey from Robin's snatch. It tasted different but exciting and erotic. The more she tasted Robin's unique essence, the more Terry's own pleasure inflamed until her heart raced like pounding drums. 

Robin climaxed hard while Terry fluttered her tongue around the girl's swollen clit. Robin shuddered, crying out, her nipples straining to be pinched. Mike was jacking his cock fiercely now. Moving quickly before Mike spilled, Terry ushered a dazed Robin over to the bed. With her husband's help, they dropped the girl on the bed. She fell on her back while automatically opening her legs and arms in a big welcoming embrace. 

Mike climbed on top of her like a primal male, sweating, muscles tight with anticipation. He sucked on her nipples, tasted the sweat from her skin, kissed her mouth like he owned her. When he pressed his cock against her mound, not entering her, Robin surged up against him so he slid against her clit. They fell into a rhythm that left Robin screaming her second release of the night.

Mike laughed with masculine appreciation as he pulled back his hips then stabbed forward, piercing her with his iron-hard cock. Robin froze, an O on her soft, peach lips. After a long moment, he drove into her, shoving deep, plowing her pussy. He wasn't going to last long. 

Terry wanted to come with her husband. Thinking fast, she darted onto the bed then squatted over Robin's face. Mike moved to the side to make room for her but he continued to pummel Robin's soft, bare pussy like a rutting savage, hammering into her body with brutal thrusts. Robin did not seem to mind.

Terry moved around until she got Robin's mouth on her pussy. Robin stuck her tongue out and licked Terry into a fervor. Terry faced her husband, the love of her life. Their eyes locked as he pounded into Robin. Robin's cries filled the air. Mike leaned forward and kissed Terry. Terry opened to the kiss and that's when Mike slammed hard into the girl and came, jerking, shooting his load inside her pussy. Terry burst apart with him. Robin's tongue gave her just the edge she needed to leap off the cliff and scream as burning waves rippled through her pussy, squeezing his cock like a fist.

There came after the rush of sex passed, minutes of calm. No one spoke. All were relaxed, naked, sweat drying on skin, breaths growing even. It was after this rush that Mike stood up. His eyes devoured Terry and Robin—especially Robin. Terry felt no jealousy. She wanted him to fuck her, in fact she demanded he do it now. Terry had never experienced anything hotter than watching her husband obey her sexual commands. This was a power she never knew she had!

Robin's eyes had gone soft and dreamy. Her hair was fuzzy but had settled softly around her shoulders like a halo. It was she who curled over Terry and began kissing her. She had a slim, cool tongue that darted sweetly into Terry's mouth. Their warm lips clung together, nipped, danced.

Somewhere in the back of her mind Terry was aware of Mike kneeling back onto the bed, of how he helped to position Robin on top of Terry. She lay pressed breast to breast with Robin. Her breath caught at the wicked sensation of their nipples brushing by each other. Never had she touched, skin to skin, someone so soft. Terry caressed Robin's back, kissed her neck.

"So beautiful," Mike said, he stroked his cock languidly. He peered at them with hungry eyes. He sat behind Robin, between the girl's legs while stroking that big, hard cock of his. Terry knew first hand just what he was capable with the beast. Yes, she'd always thought of Mike's cock as the beast. Though now that she'd seen a particularly large cock up close and personal at that rest area she could say that maybe Mike wasn't quite beast so much as monster. 

"Gonna fuck her ass, babe."

Robin whimpered and began kissing Terry wildly, her hand running through Terry's hair and messing it up.

Mike cursed then grabbed Robin's wiggling hips to steady her, he grabbed his cock with his free hand and tried to aim for her anus. 

"She's excited," he panted, clearly liking it.

But with her movements he couldn't get inside. He scowled in frustration.

"Let him inside you, Robin," Terry ordered.

"I don't know!" she cried, burying her face in Terry's neck. "I've never done that. It's going to hurt. Can't we just fuck normal?"

"No, sweetheart, we can't," Mike said, stroking her spine like one might a cat's back. It calmed her. "I have to make you ours and this is the only way to do it completely. I promise you I'll make you come so hard you'll never want anything but anal again."

Robin's eyes flared with disbelief but Terry nodded. "He's not lying. Plus, then I can play with your pussy." That got Robin's attention. A slow smile pulled the corner of her lips up and her eyelids fluttered into a smoky pose.

"Okay, Mike and Terry. For you," Robin said.

Mike and Robin shared a slow building, wet kiss. All the while Mike began working a finger through Robin's tight ring. Terry's own pussy contracted imaging how good his finger must feel. Terry touched Robin all over, smelled her sweet skin, and kissed her neck as Mike worked his finger in her ass, spreading her open, lubing her for his big cock.

After two fingers slid much easier, he positioned the crown of his big fat cock at her puckered entrance. He started to push inside; the ring of her stretched to accommodate him. Robin cried out and froze. "It's too big! Too hard!"

Mike grunted, sweat dripping down his brow and splattering against the comforter. He held himself still, not wanting to hurt her but not wanting to pull out of the ring of her ass either. "You can take me, sweetheart. Relax and let Terry rub your bad pussy. I've already punished your twat, now your ass needs to be punished as well, Robin. Because you're a bad girl. Do you understand me?"

She nodded mutely with soft eyes, a dewy expression across her face. Mike worked his cock inside her to the hilt. Terry found Robin's pussy sopping wet as she stroked her. Creamy cum and juices coated Terry's fingers making them slick. She stroked Robin's clit, then plowed fingers inside her pussy. Back and forth she did this, over and again. Robin grew wild. Mike started thrusting harder as Robin forgot the temporary pain she felt and focused on the intense pleasure his cock fucking her ass brought. 

Terry knew when Robin felt it. It happened so quickly. Mike had his fists buried in the bed as he fucked her in a push-up position. He was fucking her harder, moving faster now, not being as gentle as he had been. Robin was about to explode.

Her face flushed. Nipples pulled into stiff points as her breath caught. Terry rubbed the girl's pussy in circles shoving her over the edge as Mike hammered into her tight passage from behind.

The girl came and Mike and Terry laughed feeling gloriously powerful at their ability to use this poor girl. Mike still hammered into the girl's ass. His stamina was on full show tonight as he managed to keep from coming. Terry, luckily, didn't have to hold back. She came as Robin's tongue played with hers. It was so strange smelling this woman's scent mixing with her husband's muskier one.

Mike ordered Robin to lick Terry's pussy. He exploded a mighty load of cum in Robin's tender asshole as Terry's came from Robin's rapid licks. He didn't hesitate though from plowing into Robin's still juicy pussy and fucking it until he came again. The last, he saved for Terry. He pulled her close and made love to her. Staring into her husband's eyes brought tears to her eyes as he brought her once again to a spectacular peak. Robin kissed each of them, touched them freely, licked Mike's nipples and stroked his balls until he shoved his cock deep into Terry and spurted hot long ropes of gooey cum into her.

Their little party slowly wrapped up. They kissed and were hesitant to release Robin. Even Robin didn't look like she wanted to go. 

"I love you, baby," she told him.

"I love you, too. What do you think the kids are doing?"

"Nothing interesting like us, I'm sure."

Terry wrapped an arm and leg across Mike's broad chest.

"I think this will be the best Hamilton family vacation yet," she mused.

"I think you might be right."