 "Sorry I'm half naked," Deb said as she greeted Teresa with a hug and gentle kiss. "I wasn't expecting you this early".

"We would be happy to wait if you want to get completely naked," I told her she greeted me with the same hug and kiss. 

In truth, Deb was far from "half naked", her shoulders were bare in a light summer top and her shorts exposed her long smooth legs, but she was hardly naked....not nearly as naked as either Teresa or I wished she were.

We had arrived early, but only at Deb's request, to help set-up for a mid summer dinner party. We carried the fresh fruits we had brought to the kitchen and the ladies went to work with preparations for the evening. I offered my services for "anything they may need of a man" but soon found myself mostly in the way within the kitchen. Sometimes just staying out of the way is the best you can do. Stating my intentions to the ladies, I went to the deck to find a comfortable chair and cold drink.

The summer had finally arrived and it was a hot day, but on the deck in the shade of the tall firs and just a whisper of a breeze, it was very pleasant. From where I sat I could see Teresa and Deb working in the kitchen, standing shoulder to shoulder at the counter preparing the food. Watching them together was always a treat as they bumped hips and pushed at each other in fun and friendship. Arms would slip around waists, occasional kisses on the cheek and always, always lots of smiles and laughter. I knew that these two belonged together.

Deb had been part of our bedroom fantasies for as long as we had known her but nothing had ever gone beyond the fantasy. As much as I wanted to see them share something more, I had all but given up on Teresa to committing to a more intimate relationship with Deb. I would have to be content watching them together as they were tonight, side by side, playful and loving.

At the appointed time, the remaining couple for tonight's dinner, Lynn and Jackson arrived. Lynn was dressed for the heat of the day with a loose fitting top that was short enough to show a strip of bare skin between the top and the light skirt that hung low on her hips. It was clear that she wore no bra by the way her ample breasts moved under her top. Lynn was a beautiful woman by any measure, her bright and often mischievous eyes peeking out from behind her wild corkscrew curls. 

Jackson had also been a long time participant in our bedroom fantasies. With his handsome face and gentle caring ways, the mere mention of his name never failed to cause Teresa to swoon. And it was not just Teresa, Jackson had the same effect on all of the women.

Dinner was wonderful as we ate outdoors on the deck, with much laughter and conversation. We all helped clear away the dishes and the ladies tended to the kitchen while Jackson and I tidied up the deck. Much wine had been consumed during dinner and drinks continued as we all reassembled on the deck in the failing evening light.

Deb had switched the music to something more lively and it took only minutes before she pulled Teresa to her feet to dance. As we watched Deb and Teresa dance, Lynn pulled Jackson to his feet to dance with her. Lynn again had that mischievous look in her eyes as she pulled Jackson close and captured one of his legs between hers. 

All eyes were on Lynn and Jackson as they did a slow grind against each other. I watched as Jackson's hands went to Lynn's ass cheeks and pulled her into him. The way the fabric of her skirt fell over her behind I could only surmise that she wore no panties under her skirt.

Teresa, not wanting me to be left out, pulled me up to join herself and Deb. Both women pulled me in close, our bodies touching as we swayed with the music. As I brought my hand up Teresa's back I did not feel the bra that I had seen her put on before we left home. Her eyes met mine as I made my discovery, she smiled and gave me a little wink. My first thought was whether she had taken it off or someone else had taken it from her. Before dinner she had gone upstairs with Deb when she changed for dinner, perhaps Deb had talked her out of it. In any case I didn't mind and pulled her closer to me and kissed her. Our kiss was filled with a gentle passion that only life long lovers would truly understand. There was no hurry as our lips met and began that familiar dance, nipping and pulling at the soft wet flesh.

"Not fair! I didn't get any" Deb complained. 

"You're right, the hostess has outdone herself tonight and clearly deserves the first kiss" Teresa said and pulled Deb to her until their lips met. Deb was unprepared for Teresa's kiss, expecting instead that I would be the one to kiss her. Teresa's kiss was also not the normal soft peck on the lips that she and Deb usually shared, this was a kiss equal to the one she had just given me, a sensuous lovers kiss. I could see the surprise in Deb's eyes at first but she didn't resist and quickly pulled closer and returned Teresa's kiss. As the two women continued to explore each other's mouths I could see that Lynn and Jackson were both watching them. A knowing smile came to Lynn's face as she pulled Jackson closer and whispered something in his ear. Whatever she had said made him smile as well. I also noticed that the buttons on Lynn's top were undone, the garment hanging loosely from her shoulders. Each time she moved against Jackson more of her breasts were exposed to us. The were full and firm, the nipples already betraying her arousal. Jackson reached in and gently cupped her breast, lifting it in his palm as he pinched the nipple between his thumb and finger. I could no longer tell if they were watching the ladies kiss or watching me watching them.

Teresa reluctantly broke the kiss with Deb and said to me "You need to thank our hostess, too". Deb was in a daze as I pulled her lips to mine. I met no resistance as my tongue searched for hers. Her lips were soft as I nibbled them, wet and wanting she moaned into my mouth. Teresa was not to be left out and began to kiss and nibble Deb's neck and ear, gently biting and tugging at her ear lobe. Deb was pressed close enough to me that I felt Teresa's hand as she snaked it between us and under Deb's blouse. I felt her hand continue up Deb's belly until she reached her breast. Deb drew in a sharp breath as Teresa gently pinched her nipple.

From the corner of my eye, I saw Lynn and Jackson approach our threesome. Jackson slipped his arm around Teresa's waist and pulled her to him, her ass pressed into his groin as he pressed against her from behind. Jackson's hands began a careful exploration of Teresa's belly and breasts. She leaned her head back onto his shoulder and brought her hands behind his head, giving him full access to her neck. Lynn joined her husband and began to kiss and lick at the other side of Teresa's neck. She kissed her way down Teresa's neck and into her cleavage, undoing the buttons of Teresa's top as she went. Lynn continued her licking and kissing as more of Teresa's skin was exposed. When there were no more buttons left, Lynn pulled open Teresa's top, exposing her breasts to the warm night air and her lover's gaze. Teresa's pale pink nipples were already hard when Lynn took the first one between her lips. With the tip of her tongue she drew circles around each nipple until they were shinny with her saliva in the faint light. As Jackson watched his wife pleasure Teresa's breasts from over her shoulder he could feel his cock hardening and pressing against Teresa's ass.

Sensing the barriers that existed between Teresa and her husband's cock, Lynn knelt at Teresa's feet. Starting at her ankles, Lynn slowly ran her hands up the outside of Teresa's legs, under her skirt, to her hips. Hooking her fingers in the waistband of Teresa's panties, Lynn slid them over her ass and then down her legs. As Teresa stepped out of her panties Lynn looked up at her and said "I don't think you'll be needing these tonight".

Teresa's eyes closed as Lynn's hands went back up the inside of her leg until her fingertips grazed Teresa's pussy lips. Continuing their upward journey, Lynn slowly inserted two fingers in Teresa's wet pussy. Teresa's breath caught as Lynn's fingers pressed into her as far as she was able. 

Sliding her fingers back out, Lynn rose to her feet and sucked one wet finger into her mouth.

"Mmmm, her pussy is sweet and drenched, lover" she said to her husband. "I think she's wants you".

Lynn brought her other wet finger to Teresa's mouth and painted her lips with her pussy juice.

"Your pussy is so sweet." and then pressed her wet finger between Teresa's lips. "I can't wait to taste you on my husband's cock".

As she pressed closer, Teresa could feel Lynn's erect nipples pressing into her own breasts. Their lips came together as Lynn licked and kissed away the nectar she had just applied to Teresa's lips.

Teresa could feel Lynn's hands as they moved around her hips and then to Jackson's belt. As she unfastened Jackson's belt she moved her mouth close to Teresa's ear and whispered "You're going to love the way he feels inside you. His thick cock will stretch your pussy in such a wonderful way".

Teresa's breathing was showing the sign's of her arousal as Lynn grasped both of Teresa's wrists and brought them behind her back. Lynn guided Teresa's hands behind her to where Jackson was pressed against her.

Teresa was startled when her hands encountered Jackson's bare cock.

"Feel his cock, wrap your hands around it if you can" Lynn again whispered to Teresa. Teresa was briefly startled when she suddenly found Jackson's bare cock in her hands. Lynn was right, she could only barely wrap her hand around him. As Teresa slowly stroked his cock with both hands she marveled at its steel like hardness and for just a moment wondered if it could possibly fit inside of her. With both hands encircling his imposing shaft, Teresa insinuated the uncovered end between the cheeks of her ass. It was only the thin skirt she wore that prevented his cock from continuing to her pussy. Soon enough, Teresa knew, there would be nothing between them and she would welcome his thick cock into her wanton pussy.

++++++++++

Deb stood with her back pressed into me as we watched the trio. One of my hands had slipped under her top and made itself busy kneading her breast, the other hand had slipped lower, down to the juncture of her thighs. I could feel the heat from her pussy through the thin skirt she wore, her hand covered mine and she pressed my fingers into her sex. She had unzipped my shorts to find my cock hard and waiting as she stroked me with her small hand.

Without looking away from the others she brought her lips close to my ear and whispered,

"Jackson's going to fuck your wife. They've seduced her and now they're going to fuck her."

Deb's words caused my cock to surge with a hardness like none I have known before.

"You'd like that wouldn't you, you'd like to watch your wife being taken by them", Deb accused. "Teresa said you would, said that it would make you hard."

I had to wonder when Teresa would have ever told Deb something of this nature. True it was a fantasy both of us shared, to watch Teresa being seduced by this pair, but it was quite unlike for her to share this fantasy with anyone else.

But Deb was right, unless I did something to stop what was happening, Jackson would indeed fuck my dear sweet wife.

"It's what she wants," I told Deb, "it's what we both want."

"Be careful what you wish for, they've wanted her for a long time. Once she gives herself to them you may not get her back for a while" Deb warned.

"Tonight she will be theirs" Deb continued. "She will submit to her new lovers and give herself to them completely." 

"Will you fuck me, too?" she asked looking up into my eyes. "Will you fuck me with your cock while Jackson fucks your wife?"

"Yessss..." was the only response I could manage.

As Jackson stood behind Teresa he reached around and cupped her breasts, lifting them in an offering to his wife. Lynn alternated sucking and licking each breast with its hard, pale pink nipple. As she gently took a firm nipple between her teeth her hands went to Teresa's hips and began tugging the skirt down over her hips. The fabric slid down over Teresa's ass and legs until it fell to the in a pile at her feet. Without the skirt, there was nothing to prevent Jackson's cock from fully insinuating itself between Teresa's ass cheeks. We all knew what was to come next, Teresa especially! Jackson pressed into her as Teresa guided his cock between her cheeks. I caught a fleeting glimpse of her wedding ring just before she released her grip on his cock and he closed the distance between them until he was fully pressed up against her ass. 

Teresa gasped as Jackson's cock slipped between her legs and parted her pussy lips. The upper surface of his cock rode smoothly through the grove he had created, coating his member with the copious amounts of Teresa's pussy nectar. 

Lynn let out a little squeal as just the end of Jackson's cock emerged from between Teresa's legs, resting snugly against her clit.

"You are a naughty girl," Lynn told Teresa, "now you have a cock of your own!"

Teresa looked down and was surprised to see just the end of Jackson's cock sticking out from between her legs, it did indeed look as though she had a cock. She reached down and palmed the end of her cock, feeling the slippery wetness that was her own. With her free hand, Teresa tangled her fingers in Lynn's hair and guided her to her knees. Pulling her face closer, Teresa tilted Lynn's face upward until their eyes met and said "Suck my cock".

Lynn gave a little giggle as Teresa pulled her face closer until the cock was brushing Lyn's parted lips. Lynn offered no resistance as Teresa pulled her still closer and Lynn's mouth covered the cock and her face pressed firmly against Teresa's mound.

Deb and I watched the erotic trio in silence. As Jackson stroked his cock between Teresa's legs, the bulbous end would part the folds of her pussy and then rub up against her clit where Lynn would take it in her mouth. Each time his cock would reemerge, a fresh coating of Teresa's wetness became available for Lynn's mouth. Lynn's breasts swayed from side to side as she knelt before her two naked lovers, noisily sucking "Teresa's cock". Teresa's knees grew weak and it was only for Jackson holding her that she remained in place.

I slid my hands under Deb's top and she lifted her arms as I pulled it over her head, I wanted her to be naked like the others. She found the zipper at the side of her skirt and then slid it down over her hips until it fell in a pile at her feet. As I had suspected, she had not worn panties either. Unwilling to take her eyes away from the lewd display before us, Deb reached behind her and tugged at my belt. I pulled my shirt off over my head as she released my pants and pushed them over my hips until they also landed at our feet. Deb placed my cock between her legs and held me in place. Her pussy nectar coated my cock as I began to move between her legs, my shaft gliding over her folds, mirroring the actions of the others. Deb hissed as she fingered her clit and the end of my cock, spreading her wetness over both.

Now that Deb was naked she wanted something more than to be teased. She stepped away from me and went to Teresa and pulled her lips to hers for a wet, open mouthed kiss.

"You're going to love your new life" she whispered to Teresa, "I know I do."

Teresa's look was one of puzzlement as she tried to understand the meaning of Deb's words. Her meaning was unclear to me as well.

Returning to me, Deb took my hand and led me to the edge of the deck. Placing her hands on the railing and bending at the waist she looked at me from over her shoulder and said "I need to feel you in me....now!"

As Deb lowered her chest to the railing her ass and pussy were beautifully displayed. The lips of her pussy were swollen and red, the folds of her sex spread open, showing her coral center. The juices of her passion covered her inner thighs from our previous activities as she reached between her legs and with two fingers further spread her folds apart.

Deb's invitation could not have been any more clear, she wanted my cock in her pussy. I placed the head of my cock between her folds as I looked to Teresa, only to find that she was watching us intently. She gave a slight nod of permission as I eased my cock into Deb's smoldering center, entering her fully in one long stroke.

Deb enveloped me in her soft warm folds and pushed back until my hips bumped into her soft ass cheeks. Holding Deb by the hips I began to slowly pump my cock into her. The others disengaged themselves and walked to us with Lynn leading them both by the hand.

"We're going to take your wife inside, out of the night air to make love to her" Lynn said to me as she kissed my cheek, "come join us when you're ready"

Teresa stepped to me and kissed me as I pressed once again into her best friend. "I love you" she said between kisses.

"I love you, too" I replied as Lynn and Jackson led her away into the house.

+++++++++++

"What did you mean, about her new life?" I asked Deb.

"I meant that her life would never be the same once she has given herself to Lynn and Jackson"

"How do you mean" I asked, still confused.

"She'll never be able to get enough of Lynn's pussy or Jackson's cock once she's had a taste. That's how it was for me, at least. She'll come back for more of them over and over again. My first time with them was a warm summer night just like tonight and I have been their lover ever since. They even marked me."

Deb leaned back from me and pointed to a small tattoo to the right of her pussy, just inside her bikini line. It appeared to be a small Chinese symbol. "Loosely translated" she continued, "it means that I am theirs." After a slight pause she added, "my sister, Heidi wears the same mark." 

Deb continued, "Right now, Jackson's thick cock is buried deep in your wife's pussy, he will fill her with his cum and she'll beg for more. She will drink cum from his cock, she will suck his cum from Lynn's pussy. They will become an inseparable part of her life, just like they are of mine. The only question that remains is whether you submit to them, too?"

+++++++++++++

We walked quietly through the house to Deb's bedroom where the others were. Standing quietly in the doorway we watched. There in the middle of the bed was my beautiful wife, her legs splayed wide. Her inner thighs, belly and breasts showed several red marks and hickeys (I wondered if it had been Lynn or Jackson that had left the marks). Lynn was at the head of the bed, she sat back on her heels with her knees on either side of Teresa's head. Teresa's face was slick with what I could only imagine was Lynn's womanly nectar, collected directly from the source, Lynn's sodden pussy. Lynn's chest was flushed, strands of corkscrew curls clung to her sweat covered face, still reeling from Teresa's voracious tongue fuck. 

Jackson sat back on his heels between Teresa's legs, her pale skinned legs draped over his smooth dark muscular thighs. Teresa's red muff was matted with their combined essence, her engorged pussy lips and thighs smeared with his cum. A thin white trail of Jackson's cum flowed from her slit and pooled in the crack of her ass. 

Teresa held Jackson's long hard cock in her hand and inserted the bulbous head just inside the slippery folds of her open pussy. Looking directly at me with a lusty smile she said "Now fuck me again while my husband watches."

Jackson pressed forward slowly, sinking the full length of his cock in my wife's cum filled pussy, stopping only when his balls rested against her ass.

Teresa's breath quickly escaped her lips as Jackson's thick cock filled her welcoming pussy. He lifted her ankles to his shoulders as he pumped his cock deep with each stroke. Teresa's gaze never left mine as she took all that he gave her.
