 The poker game had started as his idea although several of his friends soon jumped so solidly on board that he could not be certain whose idea it really was. He seemed to recall being the first to mention it. Regardless it had quickly come together when the wives got a hold of the idea and decided to make it a "couples" poker night. Undaunted the men continued to, at least, make it have a masculine flair. Green felt, solid chips, plenty of beer and even the slight whiff of cigar smoke completed the scene. Unfortunately the cigar smoking area was clear in the back yard but at least there was one. The men had put their collective feet down on eliminating it entirely. After all what's poker without cigars?

Excited couples had filled the room to capacity as the chatter became louder and louder. Each table had a "dealer" who had helped work out the rules and the games went off quite well. There were some minor problems but overall he was quite pleased with how it had turned out.

He paused his reverie to look at the cards, throw them into the center of the table with a disgusted sigh and watch. He really had not expected that there would still be any women at all left in the game. He and the other husbands had plotted that they "girls" would be unable to play well enough to keep from being eliminated. As it had turned out the three remaining girls had a real ability to pick up the bluff and crushed the other players.

He looked at his chips and counted mentally, he was in third place of the six remaining players. Numbers four and five were likely to go out at the next round. The limit had already risen to $1,000 for the small blind and they only had about four or five thousand each remaining. It would not be long until there were four. What amazed him was that it looked like he would be the only guy in the money. They had cut the payout at the top four expected those four to be the original four guys who had the idea. Who would have though he mused as the man to his right (Bill) went "all in".

Bill flipped over his cards to show a solid set (three of a kind). Liz turned her cards to reveal a possible flush but the odds were definitely in Bill's favor with only one card left. The dealer turned the last card to show another heart. Liz made her flush and with an excited squeal raked in the pot. She was now the chip leader. Bill sighed and backed away from the table.

The scene repeated itself the next hand as the only other male went out. He shook his head in amazement and excused himself to go to the restroom.

When he returned he saw the onlookers putting on coats and leaving. His wife came over and told him that Bill would take her home so she could relieve the sitter.

Soon the room was emptied except for the four "winners". Liz, Sarah, Maureen and John stared at each other, each resolving themselves to beat the others and take home the pot. John had the added pressure of being the "last man standing" so he HAD to win for the men.

The evening wore on with Liz and John gradually rising to the top in the chip count. They took turns in the leader position from hand to hand. She was currently the leader but he still held a solid chance of winning. He peeked at his cards and saw it: two aces with a third on the table already showing gave him huge promise as he bet solidly. Sarah and Maureen dropped out quickly but Liz stayed in. The next two cards gave him a rush as two kings showed. He now had a solid full house and was assured a victory. Already the pot had grown to be the biggest of the night. He felt a flush of excitement and worked to hide it.

The last card remained and eliminated the possibility of a straight flush for Liz. He smiled and moved "all in". His chips all in meant this hand was all or nothing for him. Liz would still be in the game if she called and lost but no longer a real threat. Liz looked across the table at him. "I never have liked this "all in" business she said. It seems so one-sided.

You stand to loose everything while I stay around regardless. Hardly seems fair. Tell you what," she said as she scribbled something on a note paper. "I'll put all my chips in against yours if you'll add this to the pot." Puzzled he took the piece of paper and unfolded it. "Your clothes" was all it said. At first puzzled, realization hit him. He gasped in amazement and stared at her grinning back. "Well," she asked "how much do you like your hand?"

"OK" he said and threw the paper on the pile. Maureen and Sarah exchanged puzzled glances but said nothing as he turned over his cards to reveal a full house, Aces over Kings. Liz feigned surprise and said, "I guess you beat me, I only have two pair."

John reached for the pot as she added "Of kings" and turned over her four kings. John slumped back in his chair and watched as Liz raked in all the chips. She quickly stacked them into an enormous pile then picked up the piece of paper. "I think you owe me something else" she whispered. Then she passed the paper to Sarah and Maureen. They actually giggled when they read it and turned to him in expectation.

He waited to be let off the hook but saw nothing but amusement in Liz's eyes. Slowly he removed his shirt and handed it to her. She took it and folded it gently then placed it beside his chips on the table. He took off his shoes and socks. Placed the socks inside the shoes and handed them to her. She smiled and put them under the table then waited. Seeing he was not going to get off that easily, he slowly undid his pants and removed them. He handed them to her; she smiled and folded them placing them on the shirt.

He sat down, grateful it was over.

"I'm sorry" Liz said, "You still owe me one more item." John's head jerked up in surprise gauging to see if she seriously expected him to remove his underwear. He looked in her eyes and saw that she did. 

He slowly stood up and peeled off his underwear handing them to Liz and sat down.

"Thank you" Liz said and handed him the note back.

John really did not know what to do next. So he sat there naked and without chips watching the card being dealt. Sara dealt him in. He looked at the cards even though he knew he did not have the minimum bet even if they were great. He had a King and Queen of hearts. He sighed and set them back down.

Sarah leaned over to him and whispered "I enjoyed the show but did not have to pay for it. Take these." She slid enough to cover the first bet. He caught her eyes taking a look at his cock; in spite of his embarrassment, it stirred. She watched it move and smiled. 

John pushed the ante into the center and waited to see the next card. A Jack of Hearts came up. He still was looking at a straight flush. Surprisingly everyone passed the bet. The next card was dealt. He felt his breath catch as it showed a ten of hearts. All he needed was an ace of hearts to be a royal flush or a 9 of hearts to make a straight flush. He looked around to see what he should do, he desperately wanted to bet but there were no chips left. Then Maureen leaned over and whispered. "I'll give you some chips; I feel I owe you for the embarrassment."

She pushed a small pile over to him resting her hand on his thigh as she did. He felt himself stir again but was too caught up in the bet to see her eyes watching it. He quickly pushed in the chips and said "all in".

Liz watched and smiled. "You want to go double or nothing?", she asked. He replied "I'm all in and naked, there is nothing more." Liz picked up a small piece of paper and handed it to him. "Same as before," she said, "winner takes all". He slowly took the paper and looked at it. "Anything I ask" was all that was written.

John looked at the cards on the table looked at his cards one more time and mentally calculated the odds. "How long?", he asked. "One hour" Liz replied. "OK" he nodded and placed the paper on the pile.

The next card came up. It was a heart but only a seven. He did not get the straight flush but he had the King high flush. He waited for the next card. A deuce of clubs, no help to anyone. The last card turned, three of spades. He had a King high flush and turned his cards.

Liz smiled and showed hers. Eight and nine of hearts. She had the straight flush and beat him once again. He slumped back in his chair and watched as Liz put away all the chips. She had won everything. The evening prize of $250 and more...

At last Liz, Sarah and Maureen had everything put away. John had not helped. He had become acutely aware that he was naked while normal activities went on around him.

Liz came back in the room. Sat at the cleared table and picked up the piece of paper.

"Get up on the table and lay on your back", she ordered. 

He hesitated a bit then decided to just get it over with. He climbed up on the table and lay down.

Liz handed him a blindfold and told him to put it on. "You can't tell our husbands what you don't see she whispered" as she helped him on with it.

Laying there face up and blindfolded was embarrassing for John but also a little exciting. In spite of the situation and being literally in the spotlight, he felt his cock starting to stir. He tried to think of something else. 

He felt someone climb up onto the table. He could feel bare flesh of thighs before he smelled female smell and felt a pussy being lowered onto his face. He took a deep smell and smiled at the wet lips hovering above his. 

Instinct took over as his favorite activity presented itself. He licked upwards and met wet bare lips. As he tentatively explored he was pleased to find no hair. He wondered which of the ladies this was..shaved. He started to lick in earnest but stopped quickly at the feel of something soft and wet sliding up each of his thighs. 

No longer just a stir, his cock sprang to attention as two tongues worked their way up his thighs. He was hard as a rock by the time they reached his balls and continued up the shaft. As the two tongues licked off his pre-cum he nearly came. Luckily it stopped. 

He turned his attention back to the pussy on his face. He licked the full length of the lips slowly and methodically. He was surprised at how quickly he heard the moans. "Oh gawd" Liz moaned, "You should give a pussy eating clinic. Oh, ohhhh, pleeez." John smiled at regaining control and felt the first spasms of her orgasm reach his lips. 

He felt touches on his cock as something was slid over the end of his cock. It felt like a condom but then again only a band. As he lapped up the come flowing on his face he realized it was an elastic band around his cock. Then he felt another body quickly climbing on top the table.

He moaned into the bare, wet pussy as he felt another one, hot wet and unbelievably tight slowly lowering onto his cock. "Gawd you are thick" he heard as she continued to slide ever slowly down his cock; just as she reached the base and settled her weight onto him. 

His face was suddenly free as the bare pussy left. He felt the shuffle and lots of movement on the table when another one lowered onto his face. 

This one smelled sweeter and had hair but neatly trimmed. He tasted it tentatively at first and found it tasted sweet. Also, this one was going to be a screamer...he mused as he eagerly began to lick her lips. 

High pitched moans started from above him jumping with each lick growing in strength.

"ooohh, oooh, oooooooo." She moaned. He heard the other one giggle, "he's really good at that isn't he?" he heard. 

"mmm,, mmm,, Hmmm, mmm" was the reply from above as he began to lick her lips up and down the length. 

Just as he began to get a rhythm started on her pussy the one on his cock began to slide up and down. The tight hot feeling combined with the excitement was too much and he felt like he was cumming. But he could not; the band on his cock would not let it out. He felt full and nearly pained as the feeling slowly passed. But a dull ache began in his balls. 

The pleasure far outweighed the pain as he thrust upwards to match the rising and falling on his cock. He timed the thrusts with the laps of his tongue and was pleased to hear the moaning/screams above him. They rose in intensity and became a drawn-out howl. He almost laughed as the image of an old movie crept into his mind but kept to his task of driving her over the edge. He sucked her clit deep into his mouth and began flicking it with his tongue. 

"aahhoohhh, FUCK!!!!" she screamed as she came hard on his face, pouring him with her juices. As he licked them up eagerly the movement on his cock became intense too and he felt the already tight pussy become even tighter in spasms milking his cock for the cum that would not come out. He felt the urge rising again and the painful pressure once again came to his balls. 

He barely heard the quiet "oohh" that signaled the end of the cumming on his cock but he felt the gush of warm liquid pour down his balls. He'd never felt a woman cum on him with so much liquid; the feeling was a huge turn on and he moaned himself with the pleasure. 

He soon found himself without anyone on either his cock or his face. The sudden cool air was a surprise while he waited for the next move. 

He did not have to wait long. He felt the smooth silkness of a shaved one sliding down his cock. Soft, wet and sensuous it was a stark contrast to the hot and tight one on him previously. He thrust upwards to fill her deeply and heard her moan in response. 

Soon there was again a pussy on his face. This one was the tight one just on him. He could taste a bit of himself on her and the flavour of musk she had poured on him earlier. He thrust his tongue into the hole, widened by his cock previously. He lapped her lips, then sucked her clit and thrust back into her hole again. She began to moan with excitement. He picked up the pace, sensing her nearness. 

Then the pace on his cock distracted him and the one there began to rise and fall more rapidly; her pussy clenching him with well timed spasms. Muscle control he had never before experienced, began to milk his cock like a professional masseuse. Soon he felt that familiar rise of cum in his balls. But once again it stopped there. 

The spasms in his cock set off the woman on him as her controlled grip became uncontrolled spasms. It felt like it was being squeezed almost too hard by the force of her cumming as she yelled "Ohhh gawd!!!' and came. 

He doubled his efforts on the clit on his face and was quickly rewarded by the now familiar "oohh" of her cumming as a flood of liquid filled his mouth. The taste was as arousing as the feeling had been; he drank it in. 

Suddenly both his face and cock were free. He waited for the change as he could feel them climbing on and off the table. A warm pussy settled on his waiting cock. It was hot and tight and felt perfect as it slid slowly down. 

Then she began to ride him so hard and furious he gasped as another unshaved pussy lowered on his lips. This one had just cum and had been fucked by him before. He could tell by the still stretched hole as he rammed his tongue deep into her. 

Together they were a fury of activity. He matched the intensity of the ride on his cock with his tongue probing and licking then sucking the clit over and over faster and faster. 

It all became too much for them too quickly. The one on his cock came first slamming hard onto his cock as she spasmed milking his cock with her spasms' intensity matching her ride. He felt the familiar cum stop before he came as the pain caused him to groan. His groan was just enough vibration on the pussy lips to cause the woman on his face to spasm uncontrollably and moan with pleasure. 

He lay back unmoving as both pleasure and pain sapped the energy from his body. 

Liz's voice asked if he was alright. He explained the soreness and that he would need some time. Then he just tried to relax. 

He could hear the concerned voices of the girls, plotting, planning and finally agreeing; as he felt the band being gently removed from his cock. Backed up pre-cum poured out in a relief that made him moan. His cock slowly began to deflate. 

Then they started. He felt tongues and hands rubbing gently all over his thighs and cock. He lifted up the blindfold just enough to see the most erotic sight of his life. 

Three women were licking and rubbing his thighs and cock as he sprang back to life. One set of very gentle hands rubbed his balls softly and the spot just below them causing the beginning of that all familiar feeling. 

As he felt the heat of a massive orgasm begin deep in his body the girls' tongues began to lick his shaft while one sucked just the tip into her hot mouth. Circling it, the pleasure was intense especially with the hands and tongues along his shaft and balls. 

His first jet of cum filled the mouth of the one on his cock. She quickly pulled away to swallow the load hungrily as another took her place just in time for a second equally massive load to fill her mouth. Like it was choreographed she moved off and the third took his cock deep in her mouth for the third jet of hot cum that filled her mouth to overflowing. 

John bucked and groaned and thrashed on the table in pleasurable release then collapsed. 

The next day John tried to remember getting dressed and going home or even how he crawled into bed without waking his wife but could not. He slept late and was awakened by coffee his wife brought him. 

"Did you win the game?" she asked. 

"No" he replied, I got fourth. 

"Oh well. At least it was fun. Did Liz show you some of her tricks?" she asked. 

His face turned red as he asked "What do you mean?" 

"Well she does card tricks for parties. She used to be a street magician. She can make a card come up anywhere in the deck. That's why we never let her deal." she explained as she left him to get dressed. 

"hmm" he mumbled "no I did not see them". He sat there remembering Liz's hands with the red nails, shuffling and handing out the cards the last two hands. Then he remembered how manicured and sweet smelling all three of the pussies had been almost as if they had been expecting something special. He knew he'd been had and hoped beyond hope he would be again.