 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Chapter 2

"Oh, Dios mio! Oh, fuck me more! Fuck me harder! I'm your slut!" Aunt Luna screamed as I pounded her sweet, slick snatch for the umpteenth stroke, thanks to having already cum that morning.

"Will you two wrap it up so that we can eat? I love how wild and raunchy you are as a couple, but damn, breakfast is going to get cold at this rate and my stomach is growling like crazy!" Steph exclaimed, adding, "Besides, I deserve a few rounds with him myself, so leave some sloppy seconds for me!"

That kind of talk was more than enough to get Aunt Luna off, probably because she loved to share a man with her sister-in-law (they really just thought of each other as sisters, period). So, before I knew, Luna squeezed my cock with her tight, wet pussy and basically pulled all of my seed out of my balls. I looked at her gooey twat and her lovely brown ass as I withdrew after a lengthy session taking her from behind, and damn it, if I didn't have a refractory period, I would be hard as steel all over again! I swatted her playfully on the tush and she wiggled her booty back at me with brazen desire as she stood and walked with us downstairs to the kitchen for breakfast. I couldn't help but notice that she made no attempt to clean up my mess that I left dripping and oozing from her cunt down to her legs.

"Someone likes to show off, I see!" Steph teased Aunt Luna, who giggled in response as she nodded.

"He's a stud, that one! You really should ride him for a few hours yourself, and soon. Lucky Stacey has been holding out on us," Luna teased her niece, who blushed and spread her hands coyly.

"Well, I had to get him out here first, tia. Now I have. Mom, she's totally right. Alex is to die for! My personal Greek god! Yummy! I could worship him all day and all night long! Trust me on that! All of your fantasies about him, ever since you babysat him ... it's like that and on steroids! He's going to fuck you half to death, I believe!" Stacey licked her lips as she bragged about me, putting me on the spot and making me a little shy all of the sudden.

"And he's modest enough to get embarrassed when you brag on him! Good! I like confidence in a man, sure, and I don't mind some bragging, but a little bashfulness and humility are good, too. One must strike a good balance between arrogance and healthy pride. Well, in any case, I hope that you worked up a good appetite for something other than just Luna's snatch while between her thighs. Although, admittedly, what I enjoy most about Luna is her ass. I love to rim that girl! Her bottom tastes great! Sweaty, juicy, and sweet!

"Anyway, I hope that you enjoy breakfast, because I made a proper East Texas breakfast, hon. Steak and fried eggs, plus plenty of quesadillas, grits with butter and sugar, and buttermilk biscuits with gravy for good measure. Plenty of meat and starch to give you the calories that you'll need for a whole day of satisfying the women of our clan. Two of which are cougars, of course, namely Luna and me. One of which is a ginger, namely Stacey, and I'm halfway there with my strawberry blonde, aren't I? That's not even counting our young Tejanas, mind you. Right, girls! Tell Alex how much you want to fuck him while he's here, and how much you want him to move in with us! I know that I do ... I've wanted to take Alex as a lover for forever!" Steph told me as we sat to eat and she made damn sure that I sat at the head of the table.

"Alex looks yummy, especially naked like that. I could lick his whole body some time! Maybe tonight!" Carmen, the oldest of the Tejana sisters, confessed her lustful thoughts about me.

"My whole body? Wow ... just wow! Well, the feeling's mutual, since you've opted to do without clothing here!" I noted her own nude state, which showed off those fantastic tits of hers ... very nice knockers indeed.

"I'm on the rag, but if you don't mind that part, sure, why not?" Carmen shrugged as she winked at me.

"Where's your ... pad, then?" I inquired.

"Not wearing one, of course. It's cool. I have a seat cover under my culo to stop my blood from staining the chair. I don't smell too bad in spite of that, do I?" Carmen queried.

"No, you smell like dessert, honey," I told her as I kissed her hand, "every bit as juicy and sweet as your mother and sisters."

"I smell great, too? Glad to know! I'm not as mature or developed as Carmen, but I'm getting there. Not bad for my age, right?" Rosa, the second of the sisters, said as Steph cleared her throat to get our attention.

"I know that we're a bunch of heathens and sinners, and that's just a fact, but we're also a Southern, Christian family, even if bad or lousy Christians, so let's say grace. As the head of the family, Alex not only sits at the head of the table and gets to eat first, but he also gets to say grace. I know that you're not Catholic or Baptist, but you are ... whatever kind of Christian that Greeks are, right? What is that called, by the way? Anyway, care to lead the blessing? We're Texans. Some kind of religion goes with the territory," Steph announced, turning to me as she explained her logic.

"Greek Orthodox, as it happens. And I know of only a short prayer that fits for now. Very brief. Kyrie eleison. Christie eleison. Lord, have mercy. Christ, have mercy," I prayed briefly in the tradition of my own liturgy, not that I had seen the inside of a church in years.

"Amen. Short, sweet, and simple. Not pompous, thank God! I hate pretentious prayers! Especially when I'm famished!" Luna exclaimed as she dug in for more than a hearty sample of the morning meal.

"See, that's one of the things that I love about Texas women. Doesn't matter if they're white or Tejana or black, they bring their appetites and don't hold back from embarrassment, fear, or shame. A bit like Greek girls, in fact. I hate it when women eat like birds and sit there suffering their starvation in silence or talk about anything but food to get their minds off their growling stomachs. Only ones dumb enough to do that in this state are socialite, debutante types who sit there, high and mighty, and think that their shit doesn't stink. Whenever I meet one of those types, I just want to, at the risk of offending you ladies here, yank up their skirts and hate fuck them from behind ... hard," I confessed as I began eating in earnest, hoping not to upset my emerging harem, but also wishing to be honest with them about who and what I was.

"No offense here! I quite agree ... those women are a waste of perfectly good oxygen unless they can be ... transformed, if you will. I've known too many of those cunts at school and I would love to watch you fuck one or more of them into comas or something. I would love to see the looks on their faces from their rude awakening that a stud like you really does exist. I bet you that they would stuffing their panties into your pockets before too long, begging you to fuck them like their limp handshake hubbies and boyfriends never could. I might not typically believe in cheating, but sometimes it's in a good cause. As in, 'cause a bitch needs a real sex education!" Stacey grinned at me as she ate another bite of the steak.

"Like many of their husbands or boyfriends would mind. Hell, the ones who don't boff their secretaries or maids are probably buggering their pool boys or drivers or butlers or something. Or paying high-class escorts or dominatrices to do the dirty things that their stuck-up wives or girlfriends never would. Some of them are probably going on Grindr, too, advertising as 'power bottoms, ' and posting 'no fats, no fems, no blacks, no browns, ' and other stupid shit like that.

"My cousin Alyssa once dated a prick like that, Clayton something with a Roman numeral or whatever, but stopped when he told her that she was fat and needed to lose weight! Her late husband Miguel never told her bullshit like that, I promise you that much! He loved her curves, the way that a man should, if you ask me! She came back to collect her things a week later and found him in the arms of his personal trainer, Bubba! Yeah, seriously, a redneck personal trainer! And a very gay one, if on the downlow from his wife.

"No wonder he preferred skinny types with narrow hips ... he was a closet homo. I say that despite not having anything against gay folks, not really. Uncle Shane's fun, for instance, but then he's no closet case trying to give his new girlfriend an eating disorder. It's guys like Clayton that probably run the fashion rags, you know. The ones with the scrawny models who look like they're taking smack, crack, and whatever else will give you a heart attack!

"If you're gay, fine, but don't tell us ladies what to eat and what to wear! Some women might dress for those closet cases or for other women or themselves, but I dress to attract men myself! I dress to get laid," Luna smirked as she played footsie with me under the table while we ate with ravenous hunger.

"Same here, Mama! I love the idea of Alex breeding us, too! Come on, Alex, papi ... You don't mind your girls a little younger as well as older, do you?" Lupe made her intentions toward me, risque as they were, quite obvious.

"Sweetie, given half a chance, I'm going to pound that pussy of yours like it deserves! Just you wait! You're sexy and you know it, as are your sisters, mother, aunt, and cousin. Trust me, girlie. It's gonna rock, you and me together. What's more, I don't plan to leave you ladies at all, if I can help it. Why would I leave such a wonderful family, such splendid girls, right? I'll stick around until you women tire of me and kick me out," I spoke in earnest, increasingly charmed by these girls and determined to make them all happy if I could.

"See, we've found our new patriarch, haven't we? Head of the family, of the tribe, if you will. You made a very, very wise decision and we'll make sure that you know it for the rest of your days. You'll be hip deep in pussy and ass forever, and you're gonna love every hot, steamy second of it! By the way, there's another surprise. I have a question for you. Stacey and I have talked and we agreed that you should marry Luna, not one of us.

"She's the one used to marriage and all that clatter. She'll be Luna Costas, if you will, and she'll make a wonderful wife for you, just as we will make great lovers for you. I'll be essentially your sister-in-law, while Stacey will be your niece. I think that she loves the idea of fucking her own uncle, you know. She plans to call you 'Uncle Alex, ' in bed if you'll let her.

"As for other women, well, I particularly enjoy the idea of you shoving your dick roughly inside some spoiled socialite types. I'm more than willing to encourage you to act on that fantasy of yours, as long as you come home afterward and fuck us to exhaustion. I can see it now, your cum running down their thighs as you exit the bathroom after you've fucked both of their holes, or maybe fucked just their pussy while they're fertile and desperately horny.

"I can see them trying to cover their tracks after having their bottoms banged by you. I can just see them running back to you, as you, exhausted but vindicated, have your way with them entirely. If you're anything to them as you are to us, you'll be a drug that they can never quit. If you're smart about it, and I think that you are, you'll just keep fucking them every time that they show up, so that they will never leave you be. Imagine twenty or thirty or even forty years of these bitches crawling back to you for more hot, sweaty sex, unable to keep their claws off you, the stupid sluts!

"I know that, for me, I fell in love with you when I babysat you and I haven't changed my mind about you since. I've just bided my time and now I have you in my sights. You're so close to my arms, my thighs, my pussy, my ass, my breasts, to my bed, that I can smell it! I've fantasized of making love to you, hell, of fucking you, for years ... now, at last, we can make the dream true, if you don't mind!" Stephanie confessed aloud her intentions for me, and I had to confess that as hungry as I was, she made me hornier than anything else ... as did Lupe.

"So, Stacey would be my niece, but she would also be my girlfriend, and you would be my sister-in-law, basically, but my girlfriend, too. And the sisters, well, they'll be girlfriends as well as stepdaughters, I take it," I clarified.

"Exactly! You deserve many girlfriends and many women need you ... a lot of us do. And on top of that, you get to fuck whomever else you wish. And we get to eat each other out ... and have Grandpa eat us ... and when Fernando and Josue come of age ... and Sean comes back to us, well, you get the idea," Stephanie assured me.

"What she said," Stacey agreed.

"You'd share them and I'd share you with them, right? I would have some reinforcements, as you would be our harem at that point," I finished for them.

"Well, except that you're the Boss. Now and always. If Sean doesn't like it, too bad. If Uncle Martin ever gets out of prison, we'd gladly share him, too, but he'd have to learn his place in the hierarchy here. You're head of the family. You and you alone, Alex. You're the Man! You, our stud, our satyr, our fucking awesome Greek god! This is your harem, first and foremost. Never forget that! And know that at no point will we ever presume to tell you who you can or cannot fuck. I hope that you get the picture now, dear," Luna declared for the record as we finished eating so heartily and prepared to resume the wild and heated incestuous clusterfuck.

"I do indeed, my future bride, and between you, my girlfriend Stacey here, my favorite babysitter Stephanie here, and these three darlings here, let's just say that it's a very beautiful picture in my book," I told them quite sincerely, already falling in love with each of them.

"Plus, we can cook with the best and fuck like the sluts that we are!" Stacey cut in with a wink.

"That, too!" I grinned.

"Told you so. There are two ways to a man's heart, and between his mouth and his dick, we're already more than half the way there from both directions," Steph told her daughter, even as she raised her skirt over the kitchen table and I took the hint by going behind her to hit it from the back.

If this was Heaven, I never wanted to return to Earth. If it was Hell, well, it was surprisingly not half bad. If I was sleeping, well, NEVER wake me up! It didn't get any better than this.

Chapter 3 

"I can't believe that I'm actually fucking my old babysitter, not that you're really old, but damn ... I'm fucking you! You used to be the stuff of wet dreams when I was a teenage boy, you know!" I confessed now, quite pleased to get to screw my former babysitter and future sister-in-law, Stephanie Collins.

"Yeah, well, I wanted you for a while, too, lover," my girlfriend, Stacey, admitted as she held onto my hips and kissed my back and shoulders.

"Have you now? As you can see, I've wanted both of you for a good while as well. And your Aunt Luna. Among others. I was just held back by the whole business of social conventions and taboos, but no more. What would my parents say to this?" I chuckled as I recalled that Mom had once complained to Dad that she found Steph's clothing a bit too revealing.

"Knowing them, they wouldn't be too thrilled, but that's their problem. They'll soften up gradually once they meet the grandchildren, won't they? Parents usually do. Besides, they're not crazy fundies, just Greek Orthodox Christians with mainstream values. They'll come around eventually, trust me, though it might take a good while. It's not as if they never sinned, right?" Aunt Luna encouraged me while kissing my face and neck.

"Um, that's putting it mildly. I don't know the details, haven't wanted to, I mean, come on, they're my folks, Dad's considerably older than Mom, they're both fairly conservative, but I know that Dad has fucked other women. I can't prove it and never felt the need. Mom's not blind. She has to know. I'm fairly sure that she's slept with at least another man or two since the marriage, despite her moral facade. Probably not a consistent thing and she's presumably felt guilt about it, but that's neither here nor there.

"Mom's more of a lush than anything else these days, spending time at the bridge club and the gym with the ladies, whereas Dad's a bit too fond of being one of the guys, you know, hanging out, drinking, horsing around, playing pool, dice, and dominoes, and gambling with his friends. Part of the social scene. Then Mass and a different social scene there for both of them. Family, piety, all that crap. They're hypocrites, both of them, though I do love them as family. We just don't see eye to eye.

"Also, I must confess that part of what bothered me about possibly cheating on you, Stacey, was that it confirmed a pattern for which I've felt conflicted for years: I've always cheated on my girlfriends. Every last one of them. Granted, I think that on some level, I picked women who were busy cheating on me, too, to make it harder to get caught and make it less likely that they'd care. I actually felt bad when I thought that I had cheated on Stacey, because I knew that she hadn't run around on me. Well, that was before, well, you know," I admitted to my lovers, even as I slid more in and out of sweet Stephanie's slippery snatch.

"Alex, honey, it's okay. I picked you, as I said, on Mom's advice ... and Aunt Luna's, for that matter, knowing what a stud and horndog you really are ... that's the whole point, as we've stated. Monogamy's a load of horseshit. Sooner or later, one of us was going to slip and cheat if we didn't do this, and we both know that for a fact. We wanted that kind of man for me ... for us. For Aunt Luna. For Mom. For all of us. You were always set to be my Uncle Alex and nothing that my sweet Uncle Alex did could possibly earn him a scolding or berating or any kind of reproach from his loving niece, I swear it. I was the hook to draw you in and lure you into our beds ... yes, dear beau, OUR beds. From now on, any bed that you want to use is yours, any bedroom, any woman.

"To be fair, I'm not as anti-cheating as one might think, except when the person cheated upon might actually get hurt and not deserve the pain. More often than not, either he or she won't get hurt, as with you or me, or else they would have it coming, as with some other guys or gals who come to mind. I prefer open relationships, but sometimes, they just don't happen and since all is fair in love and war, well, you've got to win by hook or by crook," Stacey teased me with kisses to the small of my back, even as I hit bottom in her mother's wondrous twat.

"My sentiments exactly," Luna told me as she began licking Stephanie's fantastic ass, which brought my newest lover that much closer to her release.

"OOOHHHHH FUCKKKK!" Stephanie managed to growl and hiss as she lost all self-control and squeezed every last wonderful drop of my cum out of my balls, through my dick, into her slick and aching cunt.

"Oh, damn, woman! I've been fucked out like a ragdoll so far today. I want to do justice to Stacey, Carmen, Rosa, and Lupe, but it will take some time to recover. That was ... wild and wanton, ladies. It was everything that they say that a cougar can give a man my age and then some! I suppose that I'll have to work on my pace, on my stamina, eh? I want to keep up, after all, and satisfying six ladies will not be that easy of a feat. Worthwhile, sure, but definitely... , " I searched for the right word.

"Hard?" Stacey teased me as she pushed me onto the bed and began kissing my chest, even licking it a little.

"Yes ... double entendre and all, very ... hard," I groaned as I lay there and let my girlfriend-cum-niece taste my chest hair, while her aunt licked my face like a cat and her mother kissed the head of my cock.
