 Jenny stood under the shower and turned slowly around, allowing the hot, powerful jet of water to pound every inch of her body. Enveloped by steam, she stretched luxuriously, enjoying the delicious sensation of invigorating spray against her flesh.

After a moment she stepped reluctantly out of the cubicle, and immediately the cool air of the pool changing area wrapped its eager fingers around her. Jenny's teeth chattered a little and she shivered. This was always the worst part - having to leave the lovely, hot shower behind and make a chilly dash to the swimming pool.

However, once she entered the water, she heaved a sigh of relief, for the health club spared no expense as far as its facilities were concerned, and the large pool was comfortably heated.

Jenny lowered herself further down the steps, breathing a little slower as the pleasantly warm water lapped against her legs. Slowly, she sank her body below the surface, covering herself up to the neck. It felt delicious and she allowed herself a moment of adjustment, treading water in the deep end, before looking round at the other swimmers.

Where were the girls? For a few weeks now, Jenny and three of her friends had been meeting here on a Wednesday, for the ladies-only night. This arrangement suited them; there were no men hogging the fast-lane or rowdy kids diving in on top of them. And, as a social gathering, it was ideal - they would spend an hour in the water and then meet for a coffee and a gossip in the leisure club cafe'. Men were usually the main topic of conversation, and the women held nothing back when it came to discussing the prowess, or lack of it, that their husbands displayed in bed. For all that she was younger than her friends, Jenny sometimes found herself a little shocked by their bawdy repartee. She herself was a fairly prim thirty-year-old, and happily married, but the other women were forever exchanging stories about the lovers they had taken; the delicious sex they'd had with men other than their husbands. Sometimes Jenny wondered if they weren't just making it all up. But she was about to find out that her friends had somewhat more than just overactive imaginations.

They were all here tonight, and, when they saw Jenny, came swimming up to meet her.

There was Elspeth, in her late forties, a rather plain woman who looked somewhat saggy in a bathing suit. She smiled as she moved through the water towards Jenny and greeted the younger woman in her soft, breathy voice: "Hello, dear."

Behind her came Lizzie: tall, intimidating and dark-haired. She was thirty-nine, with huge breasts and immense thighs. The strongest of the swimmers, she could easily manage three times as many lengths of the pool as everyone else.

Lizzie greeted Jenny by tapping her heavily on the shoulder.

"Hi there, honey, will you race me later?"

Jenny shook her head. "Not likely! I'm here to relax, not tear up and down the pool like a maniac!"

Lizzie grunted. "You're no fun! I've got lots of excess energy here and no way of expending it!" She rose up out of the water and stretched. If it weren't for the mammoth breasts, she would be almost mannish in her physique. A wiry, black tuft of pubic hair poked out the side of her swimsuit at the crotch. Once Jenny had spotted this, she couldn't tear her eyes away; Lizzie's swimsuit was too small and tight for her and clung obscenely to her body. The plump bulges of her pussy lips were clearly outlined beneath the damp fabric.

"I'm sure you'll find some way to use up all that energy!" Jenny said, finally dragging her eyes up towards Lizzie's heavily-browed face.

"I think she does have something else in mind." This was the plummy voice of Helena, the eldest of the group. At fifty-eight, she was an extremely attractive woman, with silvery-blonde hair and an elegant, virtually unlined face. Her body, too, was remarkably youthful still; there was no sag to her breasts, and her legs and arms were beautifully toned. Jenny only hoped she would look as good as Helena did in thirty years' time.

Now Jenny looked to see what the slight tilt of Helena's head was indicating towards. The lifeguard on duty this evening was a particularly attractive young man. Jenny couldn't recall ever having seen him before - usually it was a stocky woman, or a bespectacled, skinny guy called Colin. Well, this was a definate improvement! He sat, perched on his tall lifeguards' chair, surveying the almost-empty pool in a bored fashion, with his chin resting on his hand. Jenny supposed it could hardly be the most stimulating of jobs, unless someone got into difficulties in the water, allowing him to leap into action.

Jenny smiled at the thought, studying the young man with interest. She put him as being in his early twenties; certainly very fit and agile from the look of his slender, muscular limbs where they emerged from his polo shirt and shorts. And, despite the sulky expression, his face was youthfully handsome. He had dark blond hair, attractively tousled on top, and cheekbones that could cut diamonds.

"You like what you see too, don't you?" Lizzie said slyly. "I've already sussed him out, don't you worry!"

Jenny licked her lips, feeling a strange tingling sensation starting up between her legs. She was surprised at herself, but it was impossible not to become turned on when such a prime specimen of male beauty sat only metres away. Jenny found herself excited by the idea that he was capable of rescuing a damsel in distress; she imagined that his skill in bed would surely match that of his abilities in the water.

Jenny decided that, although she didn't particularly want to attract this guy's attention by drowning, there were definately ways in which she could add some spice to his otherwise-dull evening.

She told her friends that she would meet up with them later, and began to swim towards the deep end. She moved effortlessly through the water, her limbs sweeping back and forth in a slow breast-stroke for several lengths of the pool. Then she switched to a front crawl, and finally turned onto her back and reversed the actions.

Pausing for breath eventually, Jenny glanced quickly towards the lifeguard. Disappointingly, he didn't seem to have noticed her; in fact, he looked even more bored now and was barely watching the swimmers at all.

Lizzie swam up beside Jenny, eyeing her smugly. She smoothed back her thick, damp hair, and her breasts wobbled with the action.

"Oh God, I can't tell you the thoughts I've had about what I'd like to do to him! Grumpy-looking bastard, isn't he? Wouldn't I love to put a smile on his face!"

"That's what I've been trying to do!" Jenny said. "But he hasn't once looked in my direction."

"Perhaps we need to take a more direct approach!" Lizzie suggested. "Come on, let's go and cheer him up!"

She pulled on the tight straps of her swimsuit, hoisting her already-impressive tits further into view, and then she swam to the shallow end. Grabbing hold of the rail, she hauled her heavy body up the steps and out of the pool as gracefully as her large frame would allow. Water coursed off her body in rivulets and her smooth skin glistened with a sheen of dampness. It was a pity about the visible pubic hair, thought Jenny, and then wondered if she should warn Lizzie of the problem. But it was too late: Lizzie was already approaching the lifeguard's chair. Shaking droplets from her head, she padded down the tiled floor and stopped directly beneath the young man, smiling up at him.

"You don't look too happy, sweetheart," she purred sympathetically, reaching out to take hold of the chair leg.

The lifeguard lifted his head and his arm dropped to his lap. He was suddenly on full-alert.

"Is there a problem, madam?" 

"You could say that. I saw you sitting there, looking SO fed-up, and I felt sorry for you." She stroked the chair leg suggestively. "Is there anything I can do?"

The lifeguard looked uncomfortable. His eyes were fixed firmly, as Jenny's had been, on Lizzie's obscenely visible pussy. "No thanks," he muttered. "I'm fine. My shift's due to end soon, anyway."

"Mmm, is that right?" Lizzie's tongue flicked out and ran over her bottom lip.

Listening nearby, Jenny wondered if Lizzie were about to suggest that the young man meet her for a drink and some mouth-to-mouth resuscitation, when along came Colin, the other lifeguard, as awkward and geeky as ever.

"Right, Steve," he said cheerfully. "You're off now, it's nine o' clock." Then he looked at Lizzie and his mouth twitched, as if he wanted to laugh. "Well, well, aren't you going to introduce me to your...friend?"

Steve said nothing. Colin's eyes looked large behind his glasses and his chin was pimply. Lizzie was completely turned off.

"I was just going!" she snapped, and turned away, making a face at Jenny.

Jenny giggled. She knew Lizzie wasn't used to failing when it came to seducing men. Steve certainly hadn't seemed too keen on the tall woman's attentions, despite the fact that his high position on the chair had no doubt afforded him an excellent view of her amazing cleavage. Perhaps he was gay. 

Jenny continued to swim for a little while, exchanging conversation with her three friends whenever they passed each other. Soon, she found herself slipping into a familiar, and welcome, sense of complete restfulness. Swimming never tired her; it more often revitalised her, allowing her to work her muscles in a gentle, rhythmic motion and to concentrate her mind away from the stresses and strains of her life. It was a bit like sex in that respect.

Time passed, and Lizzie and the others informed Jenny that they were getting out of the pool.

"I'll see you in the showers," Jenny said. "I just want to stay here a few minutes more."

When they'd gone, Jenny closed her eyes and floated serenely on her back, gently paddling her limbs to keep afloat. Around her, the sound of voices from the changing area echoed in her ears, as did the quiet splashing of one or two other swimmers.

Jenny came to eventually and decided, regretfully, to leave the pool. She clambered out and headed for the showers. On the way she passed behind the lifeguards' chair, which was now occupied by Colin. Beside him, however, stood Steve, and the two men were chatting earnestly.

Jenny moved behind them, unnoticed, straining her ears to pick up their conversation. Perhaps she'd hear something which might give her a clue to luscious Steve's sexual persuasion.

"Yeah, it's been a quiet night," Steve was saying. "Mind you, Wednesdays always are. I hate the women's nights, don't you?"

"Oh yeah," Colin nodded vigourously. "There's never any decent talent, is there?"

Jenny snorted to herself. He could talk, the ugly little prick! 

"You're dead right, it's hardly 'Baywatch'!" Steve sniggered. "I tell you, there was a right bunch of mingers here earlier. Did you see them? I nearly called the animal rescue people to report a load of beached whales!"

Colin guffawed. "Imagine screwing those old bitches, eh? Their pussies all dry and wrinkly - that's if you could find 'em amongst the blubber!"

Both men laughed. Jenny clenched her fists, growing red in the face as she listened. How dare they talk like that? She longed to say something, but she held back, deciding it would be best to keep quiet - for now.

"Just wait until I tell Lizzie and the others what you said, you bastards!" she thought to herself, glaring at the backs of the two lifeguards. "Beached whales, indeed! You'll regret that!"

* * * 

As expected, Jenny's companions were incensed when she relayed the men's comments to them over coffee in the health club cafe'.

"The little shits!" cried Helena, in a somewhat unladylike fashion.

"What a fucking cheek!" growled Lizzie and stabbed her empty polystyrene cup viciously with the end of a spoon.

"That's SO rude!" squeaked Elspeth, and frowned. "We should complain!"

"We'll do more than that!" Lizzie retorted. "I've a good mind to go and beat them both to within an inch of their lives!"

"Go on girl!" said Jenny. "They deserve it!"

"I've a better idea." Helena had a thoughtful expression on her lovely face. "It sounds like these young men wouldn't know a mature pussy if it jumped up and sucked their cocks. They have these terrible misconceptions about us older women, and I think we ought to set them straight!"

Lizzie's dark eyes glittered. "Are you saying what I think you're saying?"

"I think she is!" said Jenny.

"What's she saying?" Elspeth looked nervous.

"This place closes at ten - right?" Lizzie checked her watch. "We know Steve's definately off duty and presumably Colin soon will be."

"Right..." Jenny raised her eyebrows.

"What say we track them down and have a little...word with them?"

Helena smiled and nodded. "Count me in."

"And me," said Jenny, after a pause. She was still enraged and looking for revenge.

Elspeth hesitated. "I don't know..." Her freckled face was very anxious now, and her red hair had become frizzy as it dried, which looked comical.

"Oh, come on, mouse!" Lizzie said. "Don't tell me the thought of teaching these boys a lesson doesn't excite you?"

"Well...I suppose it's not just the pool water that's making me wet..."

"That's more like it!" Lizzie rubbed her big hands together, smirking. "Right then, ladies, shall we get going?"

The response was unanimous: "You bet!"

* * *

The announcement came over the tannoy that the pool would shortly be closing. The few people left in the pool hurried out and Colin was left to do some final checks of the shower and locker areas.

The women watched him from the viewing window, giggling to themselves as they thought about what they were going to do.

"Now, you said you overheard him arranging to meet Steve, is that right?" Lizzie asked Jenny.

"Yes, I think they were going to go for a drink," the younger woman replied.

"So Steve must still be around somewhere."

"What about in there?" Jenny pointed to a set of doors marked 'STAFF ONLY', at the end of the pool. As she spoke, Colin re-emerged from the changing area, switched off the lights and headed for those particular doors. They swung closed behind him, and Lizzie leapt up.

"Right then, that's where we're headed! I think there's another entrance from the cafe'! You coming?"

"I hope to be, soon!" said Helena, smiling.

"You're terrible!" scolded Elspeth. Then she grinned too, for she was not quite as innocent as she made out. "You know, I'm very keen on having a nice bit of cock inside me tonight!"

Hearing this from the small, usually mousy woman, was quite a shock. Jenny's mouth fell open.

"Come on!" Lizzie said, laughing. "I'm keen for that too!"

Moments later, the women were standing outside another set of doors marked 'STAFF'. The girl at the cafe' counter was cleaning up, and eyed the group suspiciously.

"Just waiting for someone," Lizzie said cheerfully.

The girl nodded and carried on cleaning. When she wasn't looking, Lizzie nudged Elspeth. 

"You go first. Check there's no one else in there but them."

Elspeth did as she was told, disappearing quietly through the doors. They made no sound as they swung shut behind her. After a minute, she poked her head back out.

"They're both in there," she said. "They haven't spotted me yet."

Lizzie and the other two slipped through the doors and into the room beyond. It was a large, airy place, lit by harsh, fluorescent strip lights, and it housed the staff lockers, a sink and kettle, and various chairs and tables. In two of these chairs, their backs to the women, sat Colin and Steve. They were talking, slumped lazily in the seats, still wearing their polo shirts and shorts. 

Lizzie cleared her throat. "Remember me?"

The men looked round, startled.

"You shouldn't be in here," said Colin, making as if to stand up.

In a trice, Helena was beside him, giving him a firm push back into the chair. He looked concerned. 

"What's going on?"

"I'd like you to meet my friends," Lizzie said, undulating towards the men. She was wearing black trousers and a tight-fitting white blouse; the front of it was strained to the limits by her enormous breasts. "We're the old bitches you saw in the pool."


Steve stood up. He was over six feet tall; no way could Helena push him about. "The pool's closed, girls. It's time for you to leave."

"No!" Helena told him firmly. "We haven't been properly introduced yet. It's Steve and Colin - am I right?"

Steve looked defiant. "I'm telling you, you've no right to be in here."

Lizzie stepped in front of the young man, her eyes blazing. "And YOU'VE no right to insult us the way you did earlier!"

Jenny decided to join in. She was easily the prettiest of the group and knew she could get a response if she acted the right way.

"Come on now, lovely," she purred, approaching Colin and leaning over him to stroke his stubbly cheek. "Surely you're not going to throw out four beautiful women who are all...dripping wet, are you?"

Colin swallowed hard. "I suppose you could stay for a bit..." he mumbled.

Jenny smiled. "That's nice, isn't it, girls?"

Lizzie stared Steve up and down. "My friend Jenny and I have just showered together," she said. "Naked."

Jenny looked at her. This wasn't true, but she was interested to see where Lizzie was going with it.

"Why don't we give the boys a demonstration?" Lizzie beckoned Jenny over, and moved behind her, placing her hands on Jenny's shoulders.

"I lathered the soap like this," Lizzie said, gently massaging Jenny's shoulders and the back of her neck. Jenny closed her eyes.

"Mmm, it felt good..." she murmered.

"Then I moved down her back," Lizzie carried on doing just that, hands moving over Jenny's body with thrilling precision. Jenny felt her nipples harden and she moaned, longing for them to be touched. 

"The boys might get a better idea if you really were naked," Helena suggested.

"Now, wait a minute..." Colin protested, and tried to stand up again. Helena stopped him, putting a hand to his crotch.

"I think Colin's enjoying this," she said slyly. "That's quite a hard-on you've got, sweetheart!"

Colin shut up. Helena's hand remained clamped over his growing cock, fondling it through his shorts. As he watched, fixated, Jenny obligingly stripped off her t-shirt and bra, freeing her small, pert breasts. The room was cool and she shivered, but immediately, Lizzie's big, warm hands were on her tits, kneading and squeezing them as if she were soaping Jenny intimately.

"It feels nice, doesn't it?" Lizzie asked, and Jenny nodded. So Lizzie's hands moved down and down, over Jenny's belly and towards her crotch. Then she swiftly unzipped Jenny's jeans and slid them down over her hips. The younger woman's panties stayed on for the time being, but Lizzie continued to touch her, stroking the tops of her thighs and her buttocks, brushing lightly over her pussy. Jenny gasped as if a jolt of electricity had passed through her body.

Colin was mesmerised. Steve still stood at his chair, arms by his sides, fists clenching and unclenching. He looked rather red in the face.

"Elspeth," Lizzie said. "Why don't you go and find out if our Stevie has a hard-on like Colin's? We wouldn't want him to miss out now, would we?"

Elspeth leapt forward eagerly. Steve seemed too shocked to protest now as the redhead fumbled with his zip and slid one of her small hands inside his shorts.

"He's hard," she confirmed.

Both men now had a woman handling their cocks. But their eyes were not to be torn away from the activities of Lizzie and Jenny.

"Do you like that?" Lizzie asked, bringing her thick fingers into the slightest contact with Jenny's swollen pussy again.

Jenny's body jerked in response. "Mmm, yes!" she moaned. Colin gave a whimper.

"I think you're just desperate to be fucked, aren't you?" Lizzie said in a low, throaty voice. "You're dripping wet inside those little panties, honey. There's only one thing that can satisfy a need like yours."
