 Feel free to send me an email telling me what you liked and disliked. I even enjoy getting emails from people helping me with my grammar and technical issues! Please help point out any mistakes or spots that could be written better. My skin is pretty thick and as appreciate people pointing out flaws with my writing.

All rights reserved. No part may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any electronic means, including photocopying, recording or by any information and retrieval system, without the written permission of the author.

*

Start:

I just love Saturdays to sleep in and enjoy my first cup of coffee in bed. I've never been a morning person and take fully my husband is more of a morning person. For on Saturday it's his turn to get up to start the coffee, take the dogs outside and then feed them. I think he loves to get up early to Holly Wagner on our local CBS news. 

After my second cup of coffee I'm ready to talk. I walk over to the family room and in a sexy way ask, "So honey, I think it's time for a new car. Care to go car shopping with me?"

"Sure, is that why you're dressed up?"

Well I wouldn't call my outfit dressed up. What I had put on was something to peek the interest of the sales person. Yeah, I was going to use my sex appeal to seduce him a little. Hopefully distract him from the game and give us a great deal. "Why I don't know what you mean?"

He gave me a playful slap, "Yeah right, you know exactly what I mean!"

Hubby drove us over to the dealership. Mike wore his normal jeans and a black shirt from Hugo Boss. Love the way Hugo's clothes fit on Mike. I was wearing a little black skirt. A little too short and I would have to be careful every time I sat down but this skirt looks great with my black boots, and a white cami. Winter never came this year plus I love to show off a little. We pulled up and started to walk around the parking lot.

This young man came out and greeted us but I noticed someone else in the background. His eyes budged out of his head as he looked me over. He tried to be a gentleman by not looking too much but I was dressed to kill, okay maybe not kill but to give men heart attacks. He shook my husbands hand and told us his name was Tom. We were upfront with him and told him not to play the "Car Salesperson Game" for we will walk.

He asked the normal sales questions and asked us if we would like to check out a car that's slightly used. The car had a hundred miles and was returned by a very loyal customer that wanted a mini van instead of the GR-T. Mike told him that we would like to check out the car. After all, why not let someone else deprecation loss. 

I was interested in the Murano but Tom didn't care he took us to the car that Mike wanted to see. That was a strike against Tom.

Tom walked us to the car and got in the back. Mike opened the door for me and then walked over to the driver side. After he got in Tom handed him the keys. We took this one out for a ride to see what type of power the car had and how it handled. I could tell that Mike wasn't happy as it had an issue when mike it the gas hard. Tom told us that there must be something wrong with the breaks. We drove around for another ten minutes, all and all it was nice, but there was something not right with this car. Tom told us that we could go back and he would find us a brand new car, but if we wanted this car the mechanics would go over this car.

We asked him the price and he did the car sales person game. That was the deal breaker as we told him not to play the game or we will walk.

Once we got back to the lot, Tom's cell phone went off, and his name was called over the intercom. After give minutes Tom came back over to us with keys. Tom turned and looked at Mike, "Mike, would you mind if you took the car for a solo test spin? I'm so sorry but three clients just walked in and they are demanding my attention. Please forgive me."

"Dude, don't worry about it!" Mike looked over at me and winked. We both were fed up with Tom.

I walked over to her and asked her if she could help us. She told me that her name was Andy. Andy was five four with killer curves. She was wearing a sexy blouse that highlighted her cleavage and a cute skirt. She too was wearing killer boots.

I told her that we were looking for an SUV and would love to take one for a test drive. She was so cute and started to blush, she told me that she was new on the job and didn't know everything about the crossover yet but she would find the answers to any of our questions. That really put me at ease as she would not play the car game and that she was honest. I felt hat she meant it when she said that she loved the Murano.

We walked holding hands over to the Murano, black of course as black is a powerful color and has a mystic feeling around it, but what a pain to keep clean. I liked this SUV as the back windows had a mirror tint. The Murano came with everything and more! 

Mike opened my door for me, but I wanted him to open the back seat door. So I waited for him. He then realized what I wanted and then opened the backset door. After all, if he gets to have fun driving a new car then I should have some fun also! He walked us to a new car that looked very nice and the windows were tinted. Gracefully I got into the back seat with Andy. Her skirt rode high on her thigh which she didn't pull down. I took a bold step and placed my hand on her thigh. Andy didn't flinch or say anything, she just started talking about the SUV and why she liked working at the car dealership. 

Sitting in the back seat I noticed how comfortable the car was. Oh, if only we had an audience. Mike walked over to his side, got in the car and started it and finally we were off. This time we went down a less busy road. Andy was pretty flirty and touchy. We were lost in our little world and got a feeling we would be seeing a lot of her. Not sure if Mike noticed it or not but I was checking out her breasts. Loved seeing her hard nipples and I'm sure she was checking me out too.

"So, it seems that Andy liked you."

I'm not sure what he meant by that. "She likes me just find, don't you Andy?" 

I sat back in the leather seat and pretended to pout. 

"I like you just fine."

That was all great and I wasn't ready for what she did next. Andy looked at me and leaned in. She kissed me! My hand went from her thigh to soft cheek. 

No tongue or anything like that, but a nice soft sexy kiss. Oh yeah, she had my heart pumping. When she broke our kiss I had to tell her, "I love how soft your lips are."

"Thank you, I've never kissed a woman before."

"Well let me tell you, you're doing very well." She had that look on her face, which she wanted more. I moved next to her, close in fact. I wanted her to feel my breath against her neck, "I think you will do just fine."

I started to nibble on her neck, which made her moan. Oh yeah, she was mine. I put my hand back on her thigh, touching her lightly. After a few minutes I started to run my hand under her dress, to find her panties, or should I say wet panties. I touched her how I enjoy being touched and teased. 

She really enjoyed it when I cupped her pussy with my fingers and started to apply pressure. That had her moaning and rocking. It was now time to remove her panties and Andy didn't mind. She lifted her hips up allowing me to remove her thong.

She placed her hand on my wrist, "I've never before, but I want to with you."

I had to taste her and she basically gave me the green light. Mike was going his best to watch but I knew there would be more. For a vehicle surprisingly there was enough room. I kissed my way down her body to her knees. Then moved back so that she should slide out a little, this would give me access to sex. Andy pulled her skirt up without me asking, she really wanted me to go down on her.

As I moved closer to her, Andy put her hands in my hair. Oh, I bet she was a wild one, or has wanted to be wild but never had the right partner. This was just the beginning. 

Andy's lips were wet and parted, that told me she was ready for me to taste her. Lightly and slowly I started to lick her, tasting her sexy nectar. Yeah, her lips were lightly coated with her arousal. She tasted so delicious that I could lap her up for hours. Her moaning only encouraged me to enjoy her more. I think she liked it! No, I knew she loved it.

Can you imagine if anyone could see us how they would react? In heavy traffic I was making love to our new friend. Cars drove past us and I continued to eat my new friend's pussy. Andy didn't mind she only moaned. For someone who's never been with a woman before Andy was really enjoying the experience. I only hoped that she would return the favor, or was that flavor?

As her moaning increased I increased the pressure on her clit. I wanted her to cum, and she needed to cum. Her fingers dug through my hair as she started to talk about cumming. 

I had to encourage her, "Tell me baby!" I wanted to hear how naughty she was.

She started to talk about cumming and how great she felt. She told me how much she enjoyed having my tongue on her clit, and how she loved having me suck on her clit. Andy must have become very comfortable with us as she really started to talk dirty. Andy was a closet kinky woman.

Then she became a little quiet and I looked up at her. She was close; she closed her eyes and enjoyed her orgasm. Her hands went from my hair to her face and hair; she was lost in the moment. Loved watching her body shake as her orgasm flowed through her body.

When she opened her eyes, I moved up to her for a kiss. I'm sure that she could taste herself on my lips and tongue. She didn't mind or care. We kissed and kissed. I totally forgot about Mike or where I was. Talk about a little slut I was, going down on her in a car. Let alone a car that we didn't own!

Andy pushed me back, "I've been dying to do this to you all day. I can't wait to taste you."

My back rested against the side of the truck. Andy was now the aggressor and pulled my panties off. Well she basically ripped them off my body. I liked seeing this side of her, my new lover. I pulled up my skirt to give myself room to move.

The cold leather against my ass was a shock, but I sat back down and looked at Andy. She looked a little nervous but excited. She moved closer till I felt her breath against my thighs. Closer she moved till her nose bumped against my pussy. Andy moved a little awkwardly as she's never been down on another woman before. All I could do was try to comfort her and let her know that it was all right. I ran my fingers through her hair, lightly stroking her.

Then I felt it, her tongue felt my clit. She pulled back right away, to taste my pussy. She smiled as she enjoyed her first taste of pussy. Andy dove back in like a child in a candy store. She eagerly lapped away, a little aggressive but still felt good. I couldn't say a thing as that would only destroy her confidence. "That's it baby eat my pussy."

"Oh Jen you taste, I hope that this is only the beginning."

"Yes it is baby, I want you to come over for dinner on Friday." Geese did I just ask her that? Talk about great timing on my part. Here she was between my legs, licking my pussy while my husband was driving us down some busy street. I just asked her out on a date.

Andy moaned how she was looking forward to coming to our house for dinner. I could only imagine what Mike was thinking as he drove. Here in this truck two women were going at each other, no one was wearing panties. The scent of sex with thick in the air and Andy was working her tongue over my clit. Oh was she licking me to an orgasm.

I could feel it build deep in my body. Andy licked and sucked, eagerly eating her first pussy. I look up to see my husband watching us. We were stopped at a red light. I smiled and started to cum, "Oh Andy! I'm cumming."

She kept on licking me taking me over the edge. Oh did she look so sexy there between my legs. Her first pussy and her first time giving a woman an orgasm. We both adjusted our skirts and tried to sit respectfully.

With all what we've done, Andy turned and leaned into me. She rested in my arms. We sat in the back seat with m holding her. Mike drove us back to the dealer ship. Andy didn't talk about the deal; the only thing she asked was if I was serious about Friday. I reassured her that we were.

Mike pulled back into the dealership. Andy got out and I grabbed our panties and stuffed them in our purse. Andy gave me her card with her cell number on the back, and I gave her my card. She told me to think about the Truck and if we were interested she can work a deal out.

I asked her again if she would join us for dinner and she agreed. Told her that lets talk about the truck later this week and that we can't wait to see her on Friday. Mike escorted me to our car and we left the dealership to make our way home.

On the way back to our home, Mike kept his hand on my thigh. I knew what he wanted and I needed to feel him. My body craved to have him in me and as we drove home, I started to fantasies about watching Mike undress and seeing him aroused. I wanted to watch him walk around the bed and seeing his beautiful hard cock, knowing that he wanted me, wanted to be in me, wanted to do me. For me there is something sexy about a man walking nude while being aroused. 

There is something so erotic and sex about putting on a little show for my husband. Oh, and to be a little naughty like that how delicious. Thinking about what I had just done, in that car to know that someone might have been able to look in and see me, touching myself, in the back seat, sent shivers though my spine. 

The SUV was very comfortable and wow this little test drive was very sexy! My mind was all ready racing and there was something sexy about this SUV, and that fresh leather smell. Maybe we'll get the SUV later this week, but all I knew was that I needed my husband. I needed him to make love to me in our bed. 

Mike drove us home. I knew that he was in desperate need of some attention. However, why should I let up on him? Why not tease him a little more!

I parted my legs and started to rub my inner thighs. "Do you think she liked me?"

Mike cleared his throat, "Oh, I know she liked you. Did you see the way she was looking at you? Oh and how she ate your pussy, yeah she didn't like you she loved you."

Of course I did, but didn't want to tell Mike. It's a get little ego boost. "Too bad Tom could not drive with us." I slid my hand under skirt to touch my wet pussy. "I bet he wanted to do this! However, Andy really knew how to take care of my needs. Not only did Tom miss a sexy drive but he also lost a sale." 

As I touched myself and a rush of excitement raced through my body. Knowing that Mike watched Andy's and myself playing in the back seat. The thought of her touching me played over in my mind. I knew that we would be seeing more of her. 

With my fingers touching my pussy I made sure that my fingers made exaggerated moves to tease Mike. Oh yea, he was looking back in the mirror. He wanted to see more! We had a red light at the next intersection and Mike safely stopped the car.

"Are you upset?"

"Yes, I'm upset. I wanted her to do this," Mike reached back, touched me, and then slid two fingers deep into me which caught me off guard. "I wanted to taste her!"

"Oh maybe we should go back and get Andy, and have her join us tonight? Oh I still have her panties!" I tossed both my panties and Andy's.

"God Jen, these are soaked!"

"Baby, you're made me so hard. My cock has been aching for the past hour! I can't wait to fuck you." 

With that said I knew Mike was good. He enjoyed me being bad and loved watching me. Oh yea, he loved watching and I'm about to turn the heat up! Since he was focused on driving, I had to entertain myself. 

"Oh baby, don't you think it would be sexy if Andy came to our bed tonight? You wouldn't mind would you?" I slipped two fingers into me for show, and my pleasure. Since I was pretty aroused there was no need for foreplay, so I started to focus my fingertips on my clit.

"Tell me baby, do you wanna do her?"

"Yea I want to do her. I want to take her doggie style while she's eating you. Don't you think that would be hot? "

"Tell me baby, will you be hard when her fingers enter my pussy?" Now my fingers worked up and down over my clit, this gets me off and I needed to cum.

"Rock hard."

Part of me wished that Andy was coming over tonight, if not touching me at least watching me! I love having people watch me, and to see how they react. I find that so erotic when my little actions turn others on. Knowing my husband, I knew that he was rock hard. 

Even though I was practically nude, no one could see me. The car has high doors with little windows. Oh this was great. As we passed people, I couldn't help but look. At the next stop light to our right there was this hottie in a Lexus. She was hot! I wanted her attention and her next to me! Thinking about her, looking at her, my fingers worked to a feverish push. 

"Oh baby, I'm going to."

"Do it, I want to hear you, listen to you!"

"Here it is, oh baby I'm cumming. Oh yea," My toes curled as my mind and body exploded. My feet and head tingled as I started to climax. "Ohhh." When my eyes opened, the hottie to the right was still there. 

"Watching you makes me so freaking horny, I need to have you."

"Take me home and do me!"

Mike made our way back to our home. "I'm going to, and can't wait till we will see Andy on Friday."

Soon, Mike would be feeding me his cock.

The end.