 I just want to show him how much I love him. We've been finding ways to enhance our love life. Right when I think it can't get any better he throws in another twist or somehow fate finds a way to capture an exciting moment, I'm thinking, as I stand there looking at the many sex toys at Lover's Lane.

"What the hell is this?" I whisper to myself picking it up off the rack.

"It's a Do-Daddy," a soft voice says.

I turn to see who it is.

"Mary?" she asks.

I don't know who this is. She looks familiar. "Maria Sanchez!" she reminds me.

I rattle off, "Oh my God! Maria. Wow! I haven't seen you..."

"In thirty five years?" she interrupts.

"Well, yeah!"

We both laugh and wag our heads in disbelief. I look at the label on the toy and sure enough, it says Do-Daddy on it.

"What is this?" I inquire.

She explains that it's a penis extension that fits inside a condom for those less enhanced gentlemen.

I couldn't believe it because Reed actually invented this, sort of.

Apparently, she works here. She tells me she is clocking out shortly, so I wait around after my Do-Daddy purchase and we go for coffee next door at the Dunkin Donuts to catch up.

*

I tell Maria all about Reed and the kids. She tells me all about herself, her family and her wanting a divorce. I remember her as a big fat girl. She certainly isn't fat anymore and she is dressed to kill, I guess because they make her dress that way. I tell her about my job, the people I work with and then more about Reed thought of the Do-Daddy idea years ago. She get's a big kick out of it. She mentions how it's a very new product so it's probably true that he originated it. She also works as a waitress, cuts hair and she's a traveling masseuse. Jeez.

*

So I drive home giggling out loud every time I think of our little Do-Daddy. It was nice to bump into Maria. We promised to see each other again soon. I start thinking again about some of the kinky fun Reed and I have been having lately. The starving artist scenario was so much fun and he played his part perfectly, with that accent and all. He really got my juices flowing when he couldn't control his hard on. Mmmm, it's so gorgeous.

And that trip to the swingers club he tricked me into. I can't believe people actually go to that length to get their rocks off. It was an experience though. I didn't really get it. I realize we were just there to observe, but I could see how being in the company of couples searching out other playmates could be exciting for people. The two that were getting it on in the open bedroom were probably hired to do it. I couldn't believe the size of that guys dick.

Reed's is much prettier, I'm thinking when I finally get to the red light at Route 30 and Cedar. Who do I see waiting in a car right next to me? Jack! I can't believe it. I look away and pretend to read the instructions on the Do-Daddy until the light turns green.

Jack turned out to be such an ass. We gave him a ride home from a club a few weeks ago. He's Reed's friend's younger brother. Jack and I had to sit in the back seat because I left the window open and it snowed big time and the seat got soaked. I played with his drunken cock because Reed dared me. We thought he was that out of it until I stopped. He got mad wanting me to finish. Reed kicked him out of the car and he had to walk home.

At last! Home sweet home.

*

A couple of weeks go by. Our love life is hitting a little lull, I think to myself as I apply makeup in the mirror. I haven't showed him our new toy. I peak out into the bedroom at you sleeping with your hand holding onto your thingy for dear life, as usual. I'm waiting for the right moment. I guess the small ailments we've been suffering through, the past few weeks, have taken their toll. His back hurts slightly and my neck has been stiff all week. Maybe a quick getaway is the answer. I'm going to do that. The Sybaris sounds good. They have the bed and the whirlpools right in the main room. Yeah, I'm going to surprise the hell out of him. Get back on track. Get him drunk and fuck his brains out.

"Bye Reed," I whisper while I lean over to kiss your lips. I wish I had time to do him right now.

"Bye sweetie," you struggle to say as you wake up. You sit up and rest your head between my breasts while I kiss the top of your head. I notice you checking out my butt when I turn to give you one last smile walking out the french doors.

*

Saturday finally arrives. I reserved a room and have all kinds of surprises lined up in my head. He knows about the room, but not where. I wanted to tell him because it would give him a chance to take a Cialis if he wanted.

"Is it the Holiday Inn?" you ask as we drive down Route 30.

"You'll see," I respond. "Let's check in and then go for dinner." You agree and say, "I'm so excited!"

That's when your jaw drops because we're already here. I turn in.

"Oh man! Are you sure we can afford this?" you ask.

"Come on, honey. We only live once, right?" We grab our bags and head to the main office to check in.

*

Wow! Both of us are ecstatic over the room. It's just so... sexy, I think to myself. You drop the bags and plunge onto the heart shaped bed. I whirl my hand in the steaming water from the hot tub. There's champagne on ice.

"You're amazing," you say.

We hug in the middle of the room. You kiss me with such appreciation, I don't know if I've ever felt before. Our tongues twining together like two snakes. I could tell you want to take me right now, and I want you so bad, but I tear myself away wanting to heighten the mood even more.

"Let's pop the champagne," I suggest.

"Absolutely!" you agree.

Pop! The bubbles flow and you pour two glasses. I dim the lights and turn on some soft music. We dance slowly holding our glasses, necking, smiling and caressing to the soft jazz. I can feel my hardening nipples each time you braze your chest against mine. I'm really starting to dampen below, but we've so much to do still tonight, if he only knew.

*

Reed and I walk into a quaint little restaurant in the heart of Frankfort. It has a nice little bar. 

I think this is perfect because we could stay here for drinks instead of finding a more party like atmosphere somewhere else.

It's a little crowded but fortunately we only wait a few minutes before the cutest little hostess seats us. I could feel Reed's urge, wanting to check her out but he resists. Such a gentleman.

The steaks are great and we have a little fun playing footsies under the table. I'm a little embarrassed when the nice couple across from us notices me petting your thigh with my lonely shoe lying on the floor. I inconspicuously slip it back on my foot. The wine is unforgettable. I'm surprised you're enjoying it too. We finish eating and you make a toast with our last glass of wine.

"This is to the most beautiful woman on the planet," you cheer.

I look around like, where is she? We both laugh.

"Are you serious?" you add. "Half the guys in here are going to need traction from their sore necks".

"And the other half?" I inquire with a smile.

"They'll be masturbating tonight to the finest vision they've ever had."

I laugh and think, I'm such a lucky girl.

You had gone to the rest room when a place at the corner of the bar opens up so I hurry to take it. I blush when I realize I'm sitting kiddy corner from the couple that noticed my fancy foot work. I close my eyes in hopes they would disappear when I open them. No such luck.

The man knows my dilemma, so he kindly breaks the ice with, "Hello hot foot. My name is Mark and this is Gina." who was giggling so he must have shared his observation with her.

"Hi, I'm Mary and this is my husband Reed," I say as you show up just in the nick of time.

They buy us a drink and I realize Mark and I have much in common when he says, "I work for Morton Salt."

Mark and I know some of the same people and we talk shop for about a half hour or so.

You and Gina hit it off pretty good too. She asks you to help her pick some songs on the Jukebox. UNDER THE MILKY WAY TONIGHT, nice choice.

I'm on my forth glass of wine and feeling real good. I feel bad though, for drifting my thoughts, not focusing on everything Mark has to say.

They're a very nice looking couple. He's dark with a well manicured beard and a little taller. She's built a lot like myself, though she is a brunette. Very pretty, petite and I'd say about three or four years older.

That smile she gave me when you two walked away. Very friendly.

"You know what I mean?" Mark says recovering my attention.

"Yes. How about a round of shots for the four of us?" I ask.

"Sure, hey Gina!" he yells out across the room. He walks your way. I notice you looking at lonely old me with a smile and you hurry over. The two of them aren't far behind with those shots. Mark says, "To the two sexiest couples here tonight."

I'm definitely getting a cozy feeling here. Gina gives me that smile again and then springs it on you. I'm surprised when you two cling your glasses together.

Your gaze turns to me, "Cheers sweetheart." you say to me. I cling my glass with yours and look up to Mark. He and I cling glasses and then it's bottoms up.

We chat and enjoy their company. The glances were getting more obvious. Even I had one or two.

I know we've been dabbling with ideas, just for fun, but I could never actually go through with something like this. I do have some concern about you though. Do you want to do something like this? Do you want me to do this? Is it what Mark and Gina are thinking? Maybe it's just me. Maybe it's the wine. Maybe I'm not enough for Reed. I know you've been saying, it's just the idea of it all, and it's for our own stimuli, but I'm second guessing you now. Maybe these are just pangs of jealousy I'm feeling right now.

You and Mark decide to go for a cigarette. I'm kind of glad because I'd like to feel Gina out a bit. We get to talking and I'm a little disappointed because she is just the sweetest thing ever. Part of me wants a reason for Reed and I not to like her. 

I couldn't help notice Gina and I are quite inquisitive about each others man. We start talking about fashion. It made me think of Maria. "Have you ever heard of a Do-Daddy?" I ask Gina.

She smiles with curiosity, "a what?"

"I was at Lover's Lane the other day and saw it on the shelf. It's an extension for men.

"Really?" she says with a raised eyebrow.

"Reed and I tease, saying he invented it."

She laughs out loud.

I'm laughing too when I add, "He does like Star Trek and says he wants to reach places that no man has ever been before."

Again we laugh.

"You're lucky he's so adventurous and apparently, creative."

"He certainly is that," I boast. I take a sip from my wine glass.

"Mark wants to start swinging," she remarks sarcastically while using her fingers as quotation marks.

I nearly choke on my wine. I'm speechless.

She says, "Don't worry, I haven't even considered it. I'll tell you what though, if I ever did, you two would be the perfect match for us.

"You're very pretty, Mary. I love blonde hair."

She sees the two of you approaching. "That would be the second most important requirement for me," Gina unveils.

I'm shocked and puzzled at the same time.

"What do you say we get going, sweetie?" you interrupt right when our girly conversation gets intriguing.

"Okay. Are you alright, babe?" I ask you.

"I'm fine. We still have a lot to do, you know, get our money's worth."

What you just said totally reminds me of the big surprise I have in store. I must have a look of concern when I search for the time. I see a clock and it's nearly ten.

"Yes, let's get going," I stress.

Now you look puzzled. We gather our things and head towards the door. I stop turn and see an opportunity to ask Gina one last thing, privately.

"And the first most important requirement, Gina?" "Bye(Bi-), Mary." Gina says with a snicker.

It puzzles me why she won't answer.

*

I head out the door and realize you'r not waiting for me. It gives me a feeling that something is wrong. During my walk to the car, as I see you get in and start it, I decide I'm going to ask you the ultimate question.

I don't think I would ever consider swinging, even though we've found some fun and excitement in flirting, but I need to know where Reed's head is with all of this. If his answer is "yes", I'll know where his head is alright... in the gutter. I guess mine is too. I hear you rev the car as I'm approaching and I put on the best magic smile I can. I take a deep breath and get a little nervous over what I'm about to ask you.

I get in the car. Settle in a bit. Turn towards you and give you a soft kiss.

"What?" you ask. "I was wondering iffff... you wanted to invite them back to the room for a little, you know?" I blurb inquisitively.

You look at me with squinting eyes. My heart is pounding ferociously. You look out the front windshield. You sort of tighten your lips and bend one side of your mouth.

I was convinced what your answer would be during my walk to the car, thinking I would have to be the one to bale out should you agree. I really didn't consider how I would react should your answer be "no". What is he thinking? The anticipation is killing me.

"No, Mary," you answer with my name attached.

Oh no!, I'm thinking.

"It's not the goal we should be after. It's about the journey we're on, together," you elaborate.

My heart just melts. I can hardly believe your answer. This is so incredible. Suddenly, I feel terrible for my devilish manipulation.

"It's been an awesome journey, Reed. And I have a confession to make."

"You don't really want to either, do you?" you guess correctly and go on to tell me how Mark hinted towards hooking up which sort of spoiled things for you at the restaurant which causes me to put my left knee up on my seat, put my hands on your face and kiss you passionately like I never have before. Pecking at your cheeks and lips and neck, knowing how forgiving you are, how committed you are, how exciting you are. Realizing that our little escapades are truly all about me, you, about us.

*

Reed and I head back to the Sybaris. We're a little quiet during the ride. I light us a cigarette. "I'm sorry," I say to break the silence.

"I understand, honey," you ease me, "I think something like that could destroy us. We haven't talked about any of that. I don't have the courage. I don't think you do. To fantasize something is far from reality. We don't want to hurt each other, do we?"

Everything you're saying is making me think of the surprise I have coming. It's much more in line with what he is describing.

We still have an hour and I'm hoping we can get back in tune with romance before then. We park in front of our suite. You put the car in park and shut it off. You turn to me and press your tender lips on mine. "I love you, Reed," I declare, "and I have a surprise for you."

You grit your teeth and widen your eyes, "You do?"

"Mmm hmm. I got you a masseuse and she's going to rub her hands all over your beautiful body while I massage your feet."

Your eyes gaze up into nowhere land and a big smile comes over your face.

"She?" you murmer, I smile big, "Now that's what I'm talking about!"

*

Reed and I wobble back into the suite. I convince you to robe up and wear your black g-string. I'm wearing my tight panties with the little guitar printed on it, and a robe as well. I play that soft jazz again and run the whirlpool. I pour two glasses of the left over champagne and light some candles. 

It's so cool how they have the hot tub in the main room.

We continue our dance right where we left off. You slip your hand inside my robe and rub my back up and down and over my bottom. You sneak in the back of my panties and run your fingers between my cheeks. We're french kissing all the while when there is a knock on the door.

We both get that exciting but scared look on our faces. I go to answer the door while you look over the stereo equipment. I open the door and see Maria with a hand bag and what looks like a sleeping bag lying on the ground. A light weight folded up table leans on the brick.

"Hi, Maria." I welcome her.

"Hi, Mary," she says so adorably.

She wears a long thin jacket to her knees. I help her with the hand bag while she handles the two larger items and makes her way in the room looking for the best place to set up.

Meanwhile, you're not sure what to do with yourself, sipping champagne twirling the strap on your robe.

Maria quickly puts the bed together and plugs it in the wall. I guess it warms up the mattress that I thought looked like a sleeping bag. I don't think she even realizes you're in the room.

I get the chance to introduce you two and I can tell, she is quite taken by your good looks and charm.

Maria has a medium build with black hair. She's only slightly Latino looking. I remember her father to be Caucasian.

I offer her a glass of champagne. She excepts and proceeds, removing her jacket. She's wearing hot pink spandex shorts that completely define her bottom and a short cut top that fits loosely. She's quite voluptuous and I don't see a bra.

My first thoughts are that you are going to love this. Hell, I'm going to love this!

We mingle next to the surprisingly noiseless whirlpool tub and sway to the jazz. After pouring another glass for each of us, she suggests you and I spend ten minutes or so in the hot tub. That it will soften and relax your muscles for your massage.

I'm a bit embarrassed because I haven't any top and I can tell that you're even more reluctant.

Kindly, she eases our minds with, "Come on you two. Make this enjoyable. I'm a professional."

We look at each other and shrug our shoulders. Standing on opposite ends of the hot tub we both step up methodically and disrobe. Maria isn't exactly inconspicuous about watching. She has the sweetest grin on her face. I can see her checking you out from the corner of my eye. I look at her and we smile and a little girly giggle.

Up to our knees in the bubbly water you approach me still holding our glasses. You swing an arm over my shoulder and kiss my neck giving me another glance at Maria when we both moan quietly with pleasure. I slide my hand down your side and over your butt. 

Maria scurries to collect a couple of candles. she sets them on the rim of the tub.

You and I submerge ourselves, shoulder to shoulder. It's so warm and feels so good as we sit. You moan with comfort. Maria sits on the edge of the tub. She pulls my hair back into a pony tail and slips it into a knot then pins it. I hear her rub some massage oil in her hands.

You're hand is getting dangerously close to my private area and makes me wonder if she can see through the bubbling water.

Maria rubs the warm oil on my neck which feels so incredible.

You have your eyes closed, soaking up the pleasure of the heat and relaxing motion of the water.

I rest my hand on your thigh and squeeze every time you graze past my panties. Your hand stops on the little guitar and you toy with it.

"Just relax you guys and enjoy the moment. Breath deep and fill your muscles with moist air," Maria encourages.

We follow her command. My blood is really flowing. She begins to roam her hands down to my shoulders and along my arms. She uses the perfect amount of pressure and the oil feels so good on my skin. You finally peek to see me moaning, slightly.

"Hey, I thought I was getting the massage," you cry with a jealous, joking tone.

Her and I both giggle.

"Oh, yours is coming, Reed. Yours is coming," Maria taunts. I had to giggle again at her seduction.

I'm not prepared for what's to come next because my eyes are closed. You twist around and start to kiss me. Arousing none the less. Kissing me just a little at first while Maria keeps soothing my neck, perfectly. Your kisses become more passionate. My awkward feeling leaves me when I open my eyes to see the seriousness in yours.
