 So, to reiterate, a lot happened between Terry and I before we were officially "together" or whatever you want to call it. Even then, we've never really had what anyone would be able to call a normal relationship. We definitely fell in love, but as I said last time, this is not that story. Hell, Terry hardly features in this one at all, but I feel like it's important because it shows just how manipulative she can be...or seductive if you don't like manipulative as the word. She's just a puppet master at the end of the day and I don't mind the way she plays with me. 

After the rendezvous between Cat, Terry, and myself, things were weird between Cat and I... which can be understood. Everything gets weird after one of your friends forces you to rim them for a hot second and then mouth fuck her best friend while she devours her pussy. And I mean everything. I felt like I was sleepwalking for the next two weeks. I'd be in the store and I'd suddenly think I saw Terry's naked body bent over the counter or find myself looking at a girl with a nice ass and imagine my face buried in it. I'd be eating dinner and suddenly a salty taste would make me think of the tingling taste of Cat.

It was hell. I was constantly horny and had a hard time focusing on my school work. Luckily (for me anyways) being in programming classes meant I was around mostly other dudes and soccer was taking up so much of my time I didn't have the energy or the desire to try to chase skirts. The weather was finally cooling down when I bumped into Cat again at the local Whole Foods. 

I was standing there trying to figure which avocados are ripe, protip avocados are never ripe at the store, when she tapped me on the shoulder. I turned around expecting a middle aged housewife so when I saw her in her pink yoga top, black tights, tennis shoes, with her sweaty brown hair pulled into a tiny knot on the back of her head, I was a little slackjaw.

"Hey stranger," she said with a smile and a flourish of her shopping basket. 

"Hey yourself," I replied trying to gain some composure. I could smell the sweat off her body ever so slightly and I think she was still hot because I swear I could feel her body heat. In her basket she had a couple bottles of wine. I raised an eyebrow and gestured at the bottles.

"Did I miss your birthday?" I said because literally the only other things that came to mind were how badly I wanted to stare at her top and see if I could make out the outline of the tan nipples that I knew hid beneath.

"Terry helped me get a fake," she responded as her eyes darted away from mine. It was strange hearing her name out loud. But I tried to keep it in perspective. It was a one off thing. A college hook up. The type of things kids all over the country did...maybe. It didn't mean anything.

"Oh, cool. What's uhhh she up to?" I tried to act cool and comfortable. Just two friends with noooo sexual tension.

"She'll be working for the next couple of weeks, but I'll be going to visit her early October. The first weekend I think. You should come and we can all go out on the town," she said it so nonchalantly it was almost like she'd forgotten the last time we'd hung out. 

"Oh, I wish I could but I'll be in San Jose that weekend for a game," I blurted out almost immediately seeking a way to get out of the situation. 

"That's perfect! She's in San Jose this semester for a research seminar. What are the odds of that?" Cat smiled at me as she leaned past me to grab an avocado she had been eying. Her breasts rubbed ever so slightly against my arm and I recoiled a little bit to make sure she knew I wasn't trying anything. 

"Oh, that's uh I'll check -" I began trying to find the right way to phrase a denial or rejection of some kind, but nothing came to mind.

"Why don't you bring your friends from the team? I'm sure they'd like her friends. Oh, shit I think I see my sorority president over there. I have to go say hey to her or I'll get in trouble. Just text me that weekend and I'll give you the address," she waved to me and sauntered away her thin frame calling to me as her tiny ponytail disappeared between the aisles. Great.

I stayed busy with school and practice and a few home games over the next two weeks and before I knew it I was in San Jose. The game was late Saturday morning and as I walked out onto the field I thought I saw a familiar face or two. It was hard to tell as the sun had hit just the right altitude to blind me on that side. After about twenty minutes I was on the sideline to take a throw-in when I heard a voice from behind me. 

"Nice ass."

I didn't have to turn to know it was Terry. And more than likely Cat was at her side. Her comment was just loud enough for others around her in the stands to hear and got a few chuckles and hoots. I pretended like I didn't hear and put the ball back in play. I did my best to ignore that side of the field for the rest of the half, but I couldn't put it off forever.

We had a pretty commanding lead towards the end of the game and as I jogged to the sideline once again to take a throw-in I tried to get my best friend on the team, James, to take it. That's "Hamez" by the way. He's actually Argentinian, but most importantly a good guy. 

"What? No, I need to stay back. You're on throw-ins on this side," he brushed me off and retreated down the field. I sighed and took the ball in my hands.

"Ok, ready? Go."

Terry was causing more trouble. "Ass! Ass! Ass! Ass!" The bleachers erupted next to me. I just closed my eyes for a moment and tried to let it wash over me. This witch had entranced about 40 people to heckle me by calling me a piece of ass. I was being sexually harassed by a group of 40 people, some men, some women, some old enough to be my grandparents. I tried not to get mad, but you know when you do that all that happens is you bring it to a simmer and sits on the surface a lot longer than it should. I knew I'd make her pay.

After the game we all hit the lockers to shower off. No one had said anything about the "ass" comments yet, not even the coaches, so I knew I was in for a proper roast. As soon as I dropped my shorts all the guys immediately started yelling and going ape shit as guys do. I just rolled my eyes.

"Who was that hottie bro? She was out for the D." "Did you get her number? Can I have it?" "Did you see the chest on that baddie?" "I'd trade asses with her."

"I've met her once before. It's an inside joke. She was just trying to get under my skin," I tried explaining to the guys but they were having none of it.

As I mentioned in my other post, I'm one of the more straight laced guys on the team, so when I asked coach if he minded if I skipped my curfew tonight, he just shrugged his shoulders. 

"I trust you at your age more than I trust myself at my wrinkly ass age. Go get her... ass."

I nodded my thanks at him and felt the rage boil inside me again a little bit. I was probably going to be called ass for the rest of my collegiate career, and my teammates would probably call me that for the rest of my life. I tried to hold it in again and all I did was let it simmer below. 

I texted Cat and asked for the details. 

"It's called Jack's. It's just a little dive bar. Where are you staying? We will pick you up," came the reply.

"Marriott," I texted her back and dropped a pin. I put on a pair of jeans, a t-shirt, and a hoodie. My body was aching after my third game in a week so I wasn't really trying to dress to impress. I opened the door to head down to the lobby when I heard James get off the bed behind me.

"We going?"

"I'm just going to meet some friends for a drink," I said trying to dissuade what I knew was an inevitable tag-a-long. I don't know why I didn't want to him to come with us. Maybe I was afraid he'd find out about what happened with Cat and spread some rumors. But I also knew he wasn't that kind of guy. Terry had done enough damage to my reputation today, I couldn't be sure it would be over at just being nicknamed ass for the next 100 years or so...or maybe I just wanted Terry all to myself...

"I'm pretty thirsty too, besides I want to see her again too. She was so hot in that dorky kind of way," he shrugged as if what he said was of no circumstance and slipped on a light jacket.

"We're here," a Snapchat came through with a pic of Cat and Terry in the lobby. I couldn't see much of what they were wearing, but what I could see is how beautiful they looked with their hair fixed and the makeup they had clearly taken time to put on. That, and Terry kissing cat lightly on the cheek.

When we saw them in the lobby I had to struggle to keep it together. The anger I had felt at Terry seemed to evaporate. She stood next to Cat in a crop top with a knit sweater draped loosely around her shoulders and a pair of short denim shorts. Her stomach was exposed and my mind instantly filled in the blanks on the rest of her. The thick hips. The swollen breasts and soft pale breasts. Cat looked dressed to kill as well, her slim body looked impeccable in a sleeveless tank and a paired of cropped linen (I think?) pants. I could picture myself straddling her from behind and putting my hands around her head and guiding her tight lips around my cock. 

"You do have friends!" Terry laughed and James took her hand.

"James Romero. Nice to meet you. And good to see you Cat," James shook her hand and with pretty much zero subtlety looked Terry up from head to bottom and then to mid-section. 

"Terry. Nice to meet you James," she shook his hand and we all turned to exit the lobby. 

"Dude...nice," James whispered in my ear.

For some reason I expected Terry to have some sort of extravagant car, something vintage or cool or at least black to match whatever it was that was lurking underneath the surface, but instead it was just a blue Toyota Camry. James and Cat sat in the back while Terry and I rode together. We were about 15 minutes away from our destination. Cat and James were chatting it up gayly in the back and it was a few minutes before Terry and I interacted. 

"It's nice to see you. How have you been?" Terry said without looking at me. 

"I'm fine. I was better before you harassed me in front of hundreds of people," I retorted trying to act cool. I could definitely feel myself not being cool.

"Please, most guys would love the attention," she shrugged it off.

"I don't. James will probably be calling me ass for the rest of my life," I struggled to find the right words without expressing my anger.

"Oh you poor baby. Don't worry. I'll take good care of my little ass," she said as she leaned over and whispered in my ear, "as long as you take good care of mine."

I felt a shiver run up my spine and the blood rush through my body. I couldn't let her win so easily.

"I don't have an interest tonight," I lied. I don't know why I said it.

"That's too bad. I'm sure James has more than an interest," she flicked her head to the backseat to signal for me to look. Cat had her hand on James' thigh as she was laughing at some corny shit he had said.

"No I promise you Cat, I promise you. It was literally that big," he repeated the words for emphasis and Cat's hand slid further up his thigh with each giggle.

______________________________________

The bar wasn't much, but it was lively and packed. We were squeezed in like sardines in a can, and Terry was leveraging her breasts in order to get us all a round of drinks. James picked up the first round. Cat and James were still flirting away when we found a bit of space in the corner.

"Can I tell you a secret?" she leaned into me and I felt her body pressed against mine. 

"I'd rather you didn't," I said. 

"I've kinda missed you," she grabbed my hand and gave it a squeeze. It felt nice, I won't lie. The words, not just the touch.

"Did you tell Cat to go after James?" 

"Are you accusing me of plotting?" she said with a gleam in her eye. Her big blue eyes. Her beautiful eyes that contrasted so sharply against her porcelain skin.

"You just use her," I said. I turned to check on James and Cat, but Cat's body was pressed hard against his arm. Her pants were so thin I bet he could feel the soft line of hair that I knew was present on her mound. I tried to lean over James shoulder to get his attention, but when I did Terry grabbed me and yanked on me hard.

"Don't interrupt her good time because you are jealous," she said and pulled my body against hers. 

"I'm not jealous," I said cooly. I wasn't 100% certain that was the truth. I just didn't want to see James get wrapped up in whatever Terry's scheme was. 

"So you say...but you don't feel like you have some unfinished business with her? After all you never got to feel inside her."

"I'm not like that."

"All guys are. If you're not interested in her... then maybe it's me?" she smirked a little and let her glasses fall down her face just a little. 

"Hardly. I don't even know you," I turned my body away from hers and motioned to the others for a second round. Everyone nodded. I turned to try to get away and grab the drinks, but Terry followed me.

"You know me. You knew me as soon as you touched me. By the end of the night you'll be singing a different tune," Terry said to me as we waited for the busy bartender to come by. I put my hand in my wallet to preemptively take out some cash but Terry stopped me. She pointed to a sign behind the bar. "Girls Dance 4 Free Drinks" it read. 

"That sign only means one free drink. But go ahead and knock yourself out; save me the cash," I said shrugging. I wasn't gonna stop Terry if she wanted to strut her stuff. Hell, I wanted to see it myself. 

"I'll get four drinks for one dance," she said matter-of-factly. The smart ass look on her face made me angry. She rolled her neck a little bit and took one of the ice cubes out of an empty glass sitting on the bar. She ran it over her stomach a few times. The ice melted a thin layer of water over exposed skin and gave her a slight shine in the dark lighting of the bar. Her skin had goosebumps all over and somehow gave her a more erotic state.

"You do whatever I say, all night," Terry said and put out her hand.

"And if you don't then James and I get to go home. No funny games. No weird shit," my proposal made her laugh, but she shook my hand anyways and turned and in one motion propped herself on the bar. Her legs were spread open in front of me and I was standing between them. Her shorts had ridden up and I could almost make out the outline of her lips wrapping around the crotch. My mouth watered a little. I could remember the taste of her.

"You'll change your mind," she mouthed and then stood up on the table as the music changed. A cheer went up from the crowd in the bar as they saw what was about to happen. The bartenders glanced over their shoulders but kept pouring drinks. She moved gracefully, sexily, with her hands above her head so that her breasts hung heavy and round on her chest and then brought her elbows in to push them out and accentuate her assets. She bent slowly and arched her back to show off her wide thick hips and twirled around. I could feel myself pressing against my zipper already. By now the bartenders had taken notice and some had stopped pouring to watch her dance. 

The noise was almost deafening now as each new turn sparked another set of shouts and cat calls. She began moving her way back to me and I realized two things. One, she was looking at me, and two, my mouth was hanging wide open. On the way over she leaned over a bartender and grabbed his face and pressed it against the inside of one her legs and with a flick kick she twirled around his face and grabbed a bottle of liquor out of his hands. She tilted the bottle up and poured a shot's worth down her throat. 

She pointed at me and motioned for me to come up to the bar. I shook my head no, but the rush of people behind me shoved me up onto the bar. I was sitting with my back to her on the bar when she reached down and pulled my hoodie and shirt up over my head. In hindsight, I could have stopped her. I don't know if it was the peer pressure, the crowd egging me on, or the exhaustion from playing all week, but all I know is I didn't stop her. 

There was a moment where time seemed to stop, and she looked me in the eyes. For a second, I thought I could actually see her and not the horny little front she put up, but then the next thing I knew I was on my back and she was pouring the liquor into my navel.

Terry straddled me and pinned my arms to the bar. She ran her tongue from just above my jeans through the alcohol puddle and then all the way up to my chin before she raised her hands above her head and the noise hit an all time high. The song played its last few chords and she dropped down from the bar. Guys and girls were both ogling her after her display and I'm pretty sure I could hear the sound of James' open mouth as he stared blankly at what had just unfolded. 

"I'd like four margaritas please," she said to the bartender. The bartender just nodded without a word and started mixing. 

"You know you lost right?" I said and couldn't help but smile now.

"Oh? How's that?" she said. She didn't bother hiding her gaze at my stomach as I pulled my shirt back down over my head and my jacket shortly after.

"I helped. Heretofore, you violated the rules of the bet," I said now not bothering to hide my gaze at her stomach. If she was shocked at my pettiness she didn't show it. Instead I think it just pushed her further into her little game.

"I'll make sure you lose by the end of the night. I have a plan for you," she leaned in and put her mouth on my ear. It felt incredible. The heat of her breath on my neck. The soft wetness of her tongue.

"You said no scheming if I won."

This made her laugh. The chime of her laugh in my ears made me feel funny inside.

"I also said that you would change your mind."

______________________________________

I blame the tequila, the music, the show Terry put on, her dragging me into it, and watching Cat and James flirt all night long. The sexual tension was too high. I could smell the sex and hadn't even happened. I'd had another couple drinks at this point and as things approached closing time the bar had emptied out a little bit. We found a table to stand at towards the back. 

"Terry and I are going to go to the bathroom and then Michelle is going to come pick us up and drive us home," Cat said as she and Terry grabbed their phones and drinks and sauntered off to the bathroom.

"Dude," James spoke first.

"I think she likes you," I said.

"No shit. She's basically throwing herself at me. I can feel her pussy through her pants. She keeps grabbing my hand and rubbing against it. Her pants are literally wet," his eyes were wide and he could hardly believe it, but I could. I had been watching it all night. I knew how much of an exhibitionist Cat was. When the light hit her pants just right you could see through the material and make out the details of her pubic hair and pussy. It was tantalizing. I wanted to run my tongue up her soft slift and feel the soft trimmed hairs tickle my nose.

"Well if you need the room tonight I can slip into someone else's and crash on the couch," I said.

"What are you talking about? You're basically swimming in it over there. Terry is incredible. She's like a really pale Aphrodite or some shit."

"She's more of a Medusa..." I said under my breath as they returned from the bathroom.

"What are you two gawking at? Michelle's outside," Terry said as we collectively headed to the exit. She must have taken her bra off in the bathroom. Her plump tits were sitting in the center of her chest and her nipples could be seen poking through the soft material of her crop top. The wet spot between Cat's legs on her linen pants was obvious now and she was walking with her legs spread slightly apart to make sure the wetness didn't rub between her thighs and spread the damp spot. 
