 Kayla never thought that she'd ever get Carl to agree to even mild experimentation, so she was surprised when he agreed to tie her to the big four-poster bed that was still at her house. He thought it was best to "do this sort of thing" at a venue away from the children. She couldn't help but agree anticipating that both of them would be making lots of noise.

Her heart was thudding in anticipation as they pulled into her driveway. She put her hand on her husband's thigh, running her fingers over his crotch and was pleased to discover that he had a hard-on. "I can't wait to have that inside me," she whispered and cupped him in her hand. He leaned forward to kiss her, teasing her with his tongue, dropping a hand to cup her breast, running his thumb over her nipple, which immediately stood out. Her breathing accelerated. "Let's go in," she said and he nodded. Kayla slid out of the car, her house keys in her hand, and watched Carl emerge a little more stiffly. She pressed the button that locked the car doors and turned to go into the house. They both were startled to see Rene's car pull in behind them.

"I thought I might find you here," he said as he got out of his Mercedes, then hit the button on his key ring that locked the doors.

Kayla stared at him, on the verge of asking him what the hell he was doing there, but Carl said, "Well, as long as you're here, you might as well come on in." Kayla turned her stare on her husband. What was he thinking?

Inside the house, they went into the living room and settled on the remaining furniture, sitting in silence, looking at each other.

"Was there something you needed, Rene?" Kayla asked finally.

"No, not really," he said. "Just stopping by."

At this hour? Kayla thought and grew suspicious. Had Carl tipped him off? She turned an accusing stare at her husband who shrugged.

Finally, Kayla stood up. "Well, it's late. I'll meet you upstairs, Carl," she said. "Thanks for stopping by, Rene." Sure that they both would take the hint, she climbed the steps to her bedroom. Digging around in a dresser drawer, she found the silk scarves that she and Jack had used. Jack had loved it when she was helpless and unable to move beneath him and she had to admit that they'd had some of their best sex when she was tied up, but even better sex for her, anyway, had been when they both were free. She couldn't imagine ever not having good sex with Carl, free or otherwise.

Just as she was growing impatient with waiting, he appeared in the doorway of the bedroom. "Ready?"

She nodded. "Here," and handed him the scarves.

He looked at them curiously, gradually realizing what they were. He looked at her. "You've done this before, haven't you?"

She smiled. "Once or twice."

"With Jack?"

"Who else?"

He ran a scarf over the palm of his hand a few times. "How do you want to do this?"

"Well--" she began but he was suddenly on her, kissing her again, and she felt herself begin to dissolve in his arms, as she always did, growing more pliant as he caressed her. He undressed her at a leisurely pace, easing her onto the bed, removing each article of clothing with teeth-gritting slowness, taking the time to slide his hands over her sensitive skin and follow the path of his hands with his mouth. By the time he had her naked, she was writhing and moaning under him, already primed and hot, begging him to take her over the edge.

"Put your arms over your head," he whispered in her ear, his breath hot and moist on her skin and she did as she was told, stretching and arching her body as she knew he liked. He tied her wrists securely to the bed posts and she didn't even protest at how tight the knots were, she was so hot for him.

Moving down her body, he gently spread her legs and teased her clit with his tongue for a few moments, just enough to make her thrust her wet mound at his face, needing more, begging for release. Running his tongue down the inside of one leg, he tied that ankle to the bedpost with one of the scarves, then repeated the whole thing with her other leg. Then he stood, fully clothed, looking down at her.

"Carl," she pleaded, panting, "do something."

"You're right," he said finally. "This is fun." Then he turned and left the room. She stared after him in shock, but the big shock came when he reentered, followed closely by Rene.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"Do you mind if Rene joins us?"

"Hell, yes, I mind," she said. "What is he doing here? I thought he left."

"No." Carl looked at Rene, then back at Kayla. "I thought you might like it with both of us."

"Are you crazy?"

"Kayla--he is my best friend."

"Well, he's not mine," Kayla said. "Either untie me or get him out of here."

"He could be your friend," Carl remarked as he unbuttoned his shirt. "Just try it. If you don't like it, tell us and we'll stop." He pulled the tails of his shirt out of his jeans and slid the shirt off his shoulders. Usually, Kayla loved watching him undress, an active man in the prime of his life, but Rene's presence was placing a damper over the whole experience. As Carl unsnapped his jeans, he looked at Rene and said, "Go ahead. It's okay. If she makes too much noise we can gag her."

"Do it anyway," Rene suggested.

Kayla stared at them, the first fingers of fear brushing her skin and she turned her head from side to side to avoid the gag, but her underwear got stuffed into her mouth with a scarf tied securely over it anyway. Totally helpless, and incredibly turned on, she still looked away as Rene began to disrobe, but eventually her curiosity got the better of her and she turned to sneak a look at him. He was beautiful; olive-skinned and as fit as her husband with no hint yet of a middle-age paunch, his muscles taut and sculpted. Her eyes widened at the sight of the two naked men, each with a growing erection, and as they climbed onto the bed with her she thought she might faint from anticipation and arousal. She tugged at the scarves around her wrists, but the knots held. Her breathing was so fast already that she wondered if she'd hyperventilate when they touched her.

"Here." Before she could protest, Carl tied another scarf around her eyes so that all she could see was blurry images. When he added another, the world went dark and became only sensation. She sucked in her breath and shivered violently as a hand--whose?--cupped a breast and another ran down the inside of her leg and back up again. She groaned as a mouth sucked at a nipple and again, louder, when another mouth covered her other breast. She arched her back and pulled again at her restraints, whimpering as someone's fingers slid into her slippery vagina and again as more fingers moved to her clitoris. She screamed, the sound muffled well by the gag, as her first orgasm hit her and she again uselessly pulled at her bonds. She could only lie helpless as the two men handled her everywhere, the four hands and two mouths seeming to be twice as many, driving her toward an exhausted pleasure.

She screamed again as a rock-hard penis slid into her vagina, and a man groaned at how wet she was. She met his frantic thrusting for a few minutes, then he withdrew despite her attempts to keep him inside her.

The breath from a hot, moist mouth close to her ear. "You need to help," the voice whispered. "We'll untie you, but you need to help. If you don't cooperate, we'll tie you down again. Do you understand?"

She nodded, wondering what would be expected of her, wondering whose voice she'd just heard. She felt her wrists and ankles set free, then firm hands turned her over so she would have been face down on the bed had she been lying down. She couldn't lie down, though, because there was a body there and, with the hands still guiding her, she found and grasped the hard-on that awaited her. She lowered herself slowly, relishing the sensation of being filled with a man's rigid member. She was suddenly overcome by a wave of lust, which sent an involuntary shudder through her, and she began to move up and down. She heard a man groan and the hips beneath hers tensed. 

She answered with her own groan before she felt the firm hand again, this time between her shoulders at the base of her neck, pushing her slowly forward and she complied, groaning again as the man beneath her grasped her breasts when they came within range, his fingers pinching her nipples. She whimpered, and whimpered again as the other man pressed his chest to her back then, still gentle but firm, slowly pushed his stiff penis into her anus. She screamed, the sound still mercifully muffled, and arched her back, her muscles trying to expel the foreign object. Jack had tried anal sex with her a couple of times and neither of them had liked it much, but double penetration was something else entirely; she often had fantasized about what this would be like. 

Now, not knowing who was beneath her and who was behind her, she gave up thinking about it at all and abandoned herself to the profligacy of the moment. She'd thought she'd be able to tell who was who by size and feel, but she couldn't distinguish her husband's organ from that of his best friend. I didn't know they were that much alike, she thought in the moment before the man behind her bottomed out, so to speak, and her sphincter gave up trying to dislodge the intruder. Soon enough, the discomfort of having something up her ass was eclipsed by the knowledge that she was being fucked by two men at once, and two men that she knew and loved. She wondered how long they'd been planning this. She could feel the two dicks rubbing against each other and groaned again.

The orgasms happened as a sort of domino effect. First, she came, loudly; then, with a groan nearly as loud and an "Oh, shit!", the man in her ass. A few minutes later, she came again, followed by the man in her vagina who exclaimed "Oh, fuck!" The episode was capped with the most massive climax she'd ever experienced. She opened her mouth to scream again and woke up suddenly, body arched, pelvis thrusting into the air. She was dimly aware that Carl was leaning over her.

"Kayla," he whispered urgently, "are you all right? Wake up. You're having a bad dream."

You don't know how bad it was, she thought, and nearly wept at discovering that she was not sandwiched between her husband and his best friend, that her openings were not filled with the dicks of two men she loved--but she was more than ready for the one sleeping next to her.

"Carl," she whispered desperately, tearing at her nightgown.

"What is it?"

"Carl--please--fuck me."

"What, now?"

"Please--just fuck me. Please." As he hesitated, she tried again to tear away her nightgown, but even her strong musician's hands were too shaky. "No prelude--just fuck me. Now. Please."

Maybe it was because his hands were better placed or maybe because they weren't shaky, or maybe he just caught her sense of urgency, but he reached between her breasts and with one yank tore her nightgown in two, shoving his diamond-hard erection into her at the same time, amazed at how ready she was for him--just as ready, in fact, as he was for her.

"Hard," she whimpered as he began to move, "fuck me hard."

He obliged her by pounding into her with such force that she was shoved up to the head of the bed where she clung to the bars of the brass headboard, bracing herself to meet his thrusting. In just a few minutes, she felt her release beginning and she drew in a deep breath, remembering somehow that they needed to be quiet since it was the middle of the night and children were sleeping just down the hall, but she didn't see how she could possibly keep from screaming as she had in her dream. Just as she felt she couldn't remain silent any longer, she heard Carl groan quietly; then he suddenly clapped a pillow over her face, just in time to muffle her scream as she, too, was overwhelmed.

They both were sticky with sweat, and other emissions, and lay there for quite a while, Carl draped over her like a lead apron. Kayla could feel both of their pulses, beating frantically, gradually slow and return to normal, whatever that was, along with their breathing. Finally, Carl rolled off of her and onto his back.

"Well, that's a shame," he whispered.

"Sorry?"

He slid his arm around her, pulling her close, and with his other hand reached to pull the covers up over both of them. "I liked that nightgown," he said.