 Afternoon by the Pool (III)

I managed to turn in a pretty good round of golf and won a few bucks in the process. Plus, I had a great time being with Marcus. All in all it was a great afternoon, but I couldn't wait to get back to the house to see what Brandi and Sonia had been up to. Although it was already mid afternoon the sun was still very warm. When I got home I looked out the solarium windows and saw Sonia and Brandi lying on one of the double sized loungers that surrounded the pool. 

The lounger was flat and Sonia was lying on her back. Her huge tits hung down to each side of her trim tanned body. Brandi was lying on her side turned toward Sonia with her hand resting just above Sonia's pussy. Both of them were totally naked and they looked yummy. 

I walked onto the upper deck and yelled down to get their attention. They both looked up and waved for me to come down and join them. I checked the time and saw there was plenty of time before our dinner guests would arrive so I grabbed a beer from the cooler and meandered down to the pool. 

When I reached the foot of the lounger I stopped and stood looking down at them. Right away I noticed a small change had taken place since I'd been gone. The little tuft of hair over Brandi's pussy was now gone. Her pussy was completely bare and smooth. Sonia loves the hairless look and I figured it wouldn't take long before Sonia shaved Brandi. Sonia has shaved me for years and takes a lot of enjoyment out of the activity.

I smiled at them and said "So, what have you beautiful ladies been up to while I was gone?" I had a good idea because both of their pussies were red and swollen and their nipples had that sucked on look. Sonia smiled back sheepishly and moved Brandi's hand up to her left tit. 

She looked up at me and said as softly and seductively as she could, "Nothing much, just getting to know each other better."

I laughed and watched intently as Brandi softly twisted Sonia's big hard nipple. 

Sonia started again, "Brandi licked and sucked me all over this afternoon. And, she loves my piercing, don't you Brandi? 

Brandi smiled and said, "Mmmmm, I love to pull on it with my teeth. Sonia really squirmed when I did that."

Brandi's hand moved from Sonia's titty back down to her pussy and she pulled softly on the ring attached to Sonia's pussy. Sonia was thoroughly enjoying the attention from Brandi. 

Brandi said "Sonia, don't you think Michael's a little overdressed?" 

Without another word, they both popped up. In no time, one of them had my belt undone and the other unzipped my shorts and pulled them to my ankles. I pulled my shirt over my head as one of them pulled my thong off. 

Brandi said, "That's better. Here, lie between us."

I crawled onto the lounger between the two of them and rolled onto my back. Sonia lowered her mouth to mine and started sensuously probing my mouth with her's. I could taste the lingering scent of pussy on her tongue. At the same time, Brandi leaned over and was now sucking my cock deep into her mouth. It was a replay of the morning but entirely different. The smell was wonderful and the feeling was indescribable.

Sonia loves kissing and is very sensuous at doing it. I was really into the wonderful feelings the ladies were giving me when Brandi stopped her sucking and started to move. Brandi maneuvered herself to straddle my hips and then she lowered her soft velvety pussy onto my cock and swallowed it up. She slowly raised and lowered herself on my shaft until I was wet with her juices. Once my cock I was totally coated she started humping me faster and deeper. 

That's when Sonia broke our kiss and pulled away slightly. I didn't know what she had in mind but it was cleared up in seconds. She turned to face Brandi and then lifted her thigh over my head and lowered her pussy so that I could suck on her clit. She and Brandi were locked in a tight embrace and were kissing each other furiously. I couldn't see anything with my wife's pussy covering my face, but I could feel Brandi continuing to pump my cock in and out of her hot wet slit. 

I tried the best I could to maintain contact with Sonia's love button but I think she was having more fun tongue fucking Brandi than having her pussy licked by me. Brandi slowed her pace a bit and raised her hips so the head of my dick was barely in her pussy. The she slid her pussy quickly down my shaft and I felt my orgasm starting. My legs stiffened a little bit and I moaned loudly through Sonia's pussy. 

My orgasm hit and Brandi yelled, "He's cuming. I can feel Michael's cum." 

Sonia began grinding her pussy into my chin and she began to shake with a small orgasm. Brandi kept riding my cock even though it was beginning to soften. As she rode my cock I could feel the cum dripping out of her pussy and down onto my balls. 

Finally, Brandi rolled off and onto her back. Sonia quickly crawled between Brandi's thighs and licked the cum as it oozed out of her pussy. Sonia continued licking Brandi and she began to moan softly under Sonia's tonguing. Without breaking contact with Sonia, Brandi managed to pull herself over so that she could suck my cock clean. She slowly sucked the entire length of my cock into her mouth. It was wonderful watching Sonia sucking Brandi and Brandi sucking me. 

The three of us just laid there basking in the late afternoon sunshine and the feeling of being well fucked. Finally, I said, "Sonia, Marcus asked me to give you his best. He and Patty are really looking forward to this evening."

Sonia giggled and responded, "Michael honey, you know I can't wait to get it either. Brandi, you're going to love our friends. They are hot looking people who love sex."

"I told Marcus that we had a little surprise for tonight. I can't wait for them to meet Brandi. I think she will be a big hit with both of them."

Brandi chimed in. "I hope your friends like me. I sure don't want to be a fifth wheel."

Sonia said, "Don't worry; you will be a big hit with Marcus and Patty both." 

I hated to leave Sonia and Brandi, but I knew it I had things to do to prepare for the party later. As I crawled from between them, Sonia asked me if it was okay for her and Brandi to stay at the pool for a bit longer. I nodded okay and suggested that Sonia should tell Brandi about the dinner party tonight. I kissed them both, gathered my clothes and headed back up to the house. I began to think about how the party might unfold later. Marcus and Patty were totally going to enjoy the fifth wheel tonight.