 Story written by Marcus and Justin.

For all you critics, this is the filtered version, made to meet Literotica guidelines. 

******

This is was sent in by Madeleine, who, is a genuine swinger and gorgeous MILF from East Texas. Keep the ideas coming.

Executively produced and written by Justin and Mackenzie. Story contributions by Enola and Madeleine.

******

Leave a comment or email us. Whatever your thought is, tell us.

******

Victoria gave a hard slap to Grayson's balls, making him yell out as he fucked his sister Emily harder and harder with each brutal strike his loaded balls. 

"Fuck her you bastard!!!" Victoria shouted, squeezing the two nuts so hard Grayson feared they would burst. He began to fuck Emily so hard that it hurt them both. However, it seemed to please his mother who rubbed her pussy rapidly along with their pace.

His balls ached and burned each time they connected with Emily's ass and all could tell he could last no longer.

"Are you ready to cum honey?" Victoria asked gently, in stark contrast to her previous treatment. He nodded and she pulled him out, ramming two fingers into his ass.

"FUCK!!!" Grayson shouted as she began to move them back and forth rapidly while jerking his aching dick. Thick volleys of his seed soon gushed out, coating her hand and arm along with his toned stomach.

"Shit Mom..." he groaned as he finally ran dry, collapsing onto the bed after the rough treatment.

"A little hard on him don't you think Mom?" Emily asked as her half-brother fell onto his back, exhausted.

"I'm only teaching him to be the sex god he is destined to be," Victoria replied, casually sipping her wine despite it not even being noon, "besides your husband still refuses to take my strapon up that gorgeous ass of his."

Emily laughed and shook her head, kissing them both before Victoria began to suck off Grayson, getting him ready for Round 47. The boy appeared exhausted but loved his mother's mouth around his tingling cock more than anything.

******

Downstairs, Kyle was in the kitchen fucking Marie hard after they had finished a late breakfast. He didn't letup as Emily came in but he kissed her as she sat at the table and bit into a ripe apple, watching his hanging nuts slap repeatedly against her mother-in-law's twat.

Once they were finished Kyle asked, "How'd things go up there?"

Emily nodded. "Fine. Mom is really giving it to Grayson though."

Soon after, the boy's loud moans and cries came from upstairs, their bed seeming ready to break through the floor.

******

At the same moment, Cassidy walked sluggishly downstairs, worn out after a long night of fucking with Charlie. However, she knew that if he walked down that moment ready to fuck that she would instantly be ready.

In the kitchen, Kyle stood with his hands latched onto the counter while Emily sucked him off. Like Emily, Cassidy loved giving blowjobs. While walking from school one day, she overheard a group of construction workers complaining about their wives.

Soon, she was sucking off all of them in a nearby alley and even let them fuck her ass again and again. She watched as her father came down Emily's throat and she began to choke and gag as she struggled to catch the flood of seed filling her belly.

"Did you like that baby?" Emily asked licking her lips and chin to collect any precious cum that dare drip onto the floor. 

"Very much," he replied. Cassidy backed up before assping into a large mass, with a large and hairy chest.

Mark stood there, groggy as well, barely having even noticed Cassidy there. His blue and striped robe was open, revealing the large cock between his legs, now pressed into almost the center of Cassidy's back.

"Mmmm..." Cassidy chuckled, "good morning Uncle Mark. How'd you sleep?"

He smiled slyly. "Perfect. Your mother definitely knows how to help someone pass out..."

Cassidy smiled, having received the same compliment many times herself. Cassidy also definitely loved her uncle. She could remember when she was 7, the oldest child when Mark and his wife Kathy would come and visit each year.

Like her mother, Cassidy loved wearing leggings and shoving her uncle's nose into her ass while she sucked his huge cock down her throat. He was even no looking over her matured form and getting hard already.

He gave a sharp smack to his niece's ass and she yelped, laughing as she began to stroke his large manhood.

"Where's Aunt Kathy?" she asked, just before a loud howl sounded from the bathroom.

"Getting railed by your brother and Damian in the shower." Mark replied, beginning to toy with her nipples, "You smell so good princess..."

"Thanks Uncle Mark..." Cassidy giggled again, toying the swollen vein running along the underside of his stiff cock. He then moved his hand to her moist pussy, rubbing his thumb along her aroused mound.

"Fuck..." Cassidy whispered.

Mark smiled. "With pleasure."

Cassidy bended over the table and bit her lip as Mark guided his swollen cock head to her pussy, the bulbous glans spreading her moist pink lips.

"Oh shit..." Cassidy moaned, "Don't stop..."

Mark began to thrust back and forth, loving the wet tightness gripping his cock. His hands clenched her waist, gently yet with power as he fucked her faster and faster.

Mark groaned as he felt his balls churn, his niece's pussy feeling spectacular. They both groaned as Mark pumped harder, slapping her niece's tits around while pounding her cunt with alternating speed.

"Oh baby..." Cassidy moaned, her tits scrubbing against the glass table, "I'm gonna cum..."

"Me too," Mark grunted, giving another slap to her ass and began to really give it to her, slamming into her pussy with even more power. Mark pushed deep inside her and erupted, his spunk shooting into her warm body. 

He remained inside her as her pussy milked his cock for all it had. He moaned softly as Cassidy also came again, her sweet juices mixing with his own and dripping onto the floor.

"Mmmm..." Cassidy moaned, wiping the fluid up and sucking it from her fingers, "I love you Uncle Mark."

"I love you too Cass..."

******

By now, Victoria was alone in her room, squeezing her juicy breasts while riding her dildo brutally. She imagined riding her son-in-law and draining his huge nuts while his strong hands groped her tits.

Settling the dildo deep in her ass, she took a moment to get used to the peculiar feeling. Even after all this time she could never truly get used to the feeling of having such a large object in her ass. 

Victoria began to vigorously thrust the huge dildo in and out of her ass. Pulling it until it was almost all the way out she plunged it back in moaning loudly. She kept moaning louder and louder.

Falling onto her back, she arched her back and thrust the dildo even harder into her ass whilst moving her other hand to her clit. Convulsing in pleasure, Victoria found herself barrelling towards her second orgasm. 

Deciding that this position was to uncomfortable, she threw herself over the bed so that she was sticking her ass up in the air. The suddenly change of position caused the switch on the side of the dildo to move and the toy to start vibrating.

"Ooooooooooh, FUUUUUUUUCK..." Victoria groaned at the new sensation. Desperate to cum she began to plunge the vibrating plastic deep into her ass hole. Her other hand slid down between her legs and furiously massaged her clit. 

Suddenly her body contorted with a fantastic orgasm. Squirting her cum across the room she squealed in pleasure. Sliding down to the ground she left the dildo in her ass as she took a minute to catch her breath.

"Oh shit..." she moaned, her sweaty hair plastered to the bed. Between her legs, she could see movement in the hall just outside her door. Grayson watched her, pumping his cock madly.

"Why don't you come on in baby?" she asked him, "there's plenty for you too."

******

Simeon moaned as Natasha swiftly sucked him off in the family library. His feet didn't even come close to reaching the floor in the large wooden chair but Natasha did it perfectly, on her knees while doing a perfect combination of stroking and sucking.

He was doing his best not to cum, clenching his small fists on his chair as Natasha smiled at his discomfort. In her school she had been the queen of blowjobs, even outdoing her older sister Charisma in how many loads she swallowed on prom night.

Simeon screamed out as Natasha slipped a finger into his asshole, his balls erupting with a vengeance, pumping his hot sperm down her throat.

"FUCK!!!!!" he cried, Natasha sucking faster and faster while continuing to probe his anus. His cock then flopped over, having cum for over 5 minutes.

"Holy shit," she laughed, "so much cum in such a little boy."

******

Thomas meanwhile was getting sucked off by Gabby, her tits already splattered in his cum from their several rounds before. Her smooth tongue traced up his blue vein and sucked gently on his head.

"Oh fuck Aunt Gabby..." he moaned, loving her mouth sucking him. It wasn't too much longer before he began to cum, filling her mouth with his seed.

"Mmm..." she moaned, "yummy."

She then stood and spread her pink twat.

"Isn't my pussy pretty Tommy?" she asked.

"Oh yeah," he replied, his mouth watering as he stroked his limp dick, the sweet smell of her cunt getting him harder as she pressed it to his mouth, moaning as his eager tongue reached deep into her confines.

******

Roxie licked her lips as she pulled down Wendall's pants after school on Monday, a white long band of precum dripping from his bulbous cock head.

She loved the way he looked at her, eyes fixed on her massive breasts and ass before meeting her hazel eyes with his. Her breasts had swelled even more with her most recent pregnancy, a girl. 

She didn't know whose child it was but she was excited nonetheless and she could tell her son was too, eager to fuck another of his direct relatives.

"Honey," Roxie said softly as she traced her son's protruding veins, her mouth watering at the sight of the 8 inches of pure manhood, "I know you love to fuck Mommy. But there are other women as well who come here who need to feel this inside them."

"But I don't want others!" Wendall whined, "I want to fuck you all the time. I just love your ass and tits and... everything!"

Roxie smiled at his insistence. Kyle has said this would be a normal response as the mother's were the first to enter the sexual realm with their sons. Wendall wasn't the only one who didn't want to let go of his natural urges.

She watched as a blob of precum fell from his cock to the floor, making an audible thunk. His balls looked as big as two baseballs, getting her wetter and wetter, imagining the thick strong cock pulverizing her insides.

"Mommy will do this for you," she said as she grabbed him at the base, making him beam with his bright white smile, "but promise me you'll also expand your range to other women. What's our motto?"

"Sex is not made for life. Life is made for sex!" Wendall exclaimed, jabbing the air with his finger. Roxie smiled, kissing his young chest before taking his thick, throbbing and hot shaft into her mouth.

******

Walking from my study, I passed Roxie's room to see her riding Wendall furiously, her right tit seemingly halfway down his throat. Her eyes met mine and she nodded.

She had finally had the talk with him. I wasn't angry with Wendall that he didn't wish to leave his mother. Hell, I felt the same way sometimes. Mom had given me some the best fucks a guy could dream of. But I knew other women would have loved to have him as well.

I walked downstairs where Lolita, the head of our maid staff was setting the table. In her short black and white outfit, my cock was soon swelled, and she turned, letting me gaze upon her exposed 42D breasts.

"Good morning sir," she said with a large smile, "I hope the table meets with your approval."

"Everything you do is approved Lolita," I replied and she smiled and curtsied, biting her lip. I then pushed her against the counter, rubbing her pussy as she stroked my cock.

Lolita was among the first breeding cows, willing to care for the needs of the rest of the household in exchange for fucking me regularly. And I loved the arrangement.

I moved my hand to grope her tender right breast, making her moan softly as I began to suck her stiff tit. She kissed me warmly and spread her legs, exposing her pink wet cunt.

"Fuck me sir," she pleaded as I rubbed my head against her warm folds, "I need you inside me."

Without another word, I slid easily inside of her, beginning to thrust at a rapid pace. We fucked for a long time, my hands digging into the squishy flesh as we kissed.

I finally came inside of her, a thick morning load for almost 15 minutes before I pulled out. Lolita lay her head back against the cabinet, breathing heavily as she held my load inside of her.

"That was fantastic..." she panted before the other maids came in and saw my cock dripping onto the floor.

"How much time until breakfast Lolita?" Nadine asked.

"About 45 minutes," she replied to which they all looked at me.

"And no one else ever gets up until then..." Sarah said as she pushed me back onto the table and mounted me.

******

There was lively conversation over the table at breakfast, freshly cleaned from the hard fucking that had occurred a little over an hour before. 

After breakfast, everyone either went to their bedrooms or to the poolside for a full day of fucking. As I went upstairs, 18-year-old Cassidy stopped me, fully nude as she had just left out the shower.

The water cascading off her beautiful 34C rack had me throbbing and she smiled.

"Hey daddy..." she said, drying out her ears, "I see you brought me a nice long sausage from breakfast."

"Hot and ready," I replied to which she smiled and sank to her knees, licking it.

"I see someone already had a serving," she said, licking it again, "Lolita, Nadine and Mom apparently."

I nodded, impressed. She then ably took down my erection, swallowing me whole and I moaned softly. Cassidy was a master at oral, on both women and men, loving cocks of all sizes.

From Mom's room, I could hear her crying out as Simeon fucked her good and deep. As sex and nudity was to be open, no room had a door; so as that anyone wishing could observe and join in.

Simeon's shoulder length brown hair flew around as he buried his young cock into mom, her face twisted into a pleasured expression. Simeon shouted out as he came, filling her with his morning load.

Meanwhile, Cassidy was pleasuring my balls. She had really perfected her form, nearly as good as Emily and Victoria. I could feel a familiar sensation in my balls.

Seeing my look, Cassidy smiled and began to suck faster, making me grunt as I filled her mouth with thick gushes of cum. She didn't stop until I ran dry, licking her lips.

"That was delicious Daddy," she said, giving another lick to my head.

"And that was perfect baby." I replied as she stood and kissed me, going into Mom's room where she was now sucking off Simeon.

******

As I arrived in my large library, Sharona was reading over some files, smiling at me as I walked in.

"They finally let you away huh, Kyle?" she asked to which I chuckled.

"Well, we can't have all work and no play."

Sharona smiled and began to stroke me. "But we do need some play." She began to kiss me passionately before beginning to suck me off. Her mouth slid up and down my cock as her beautiful knockers bounced gently against my knees.

"Oh fuck..." I moaned softly as I began to move her head faster. Her slurping got louder as she rolled my balls through her fingers. She gave incredible blowjobs, her sexy blue eyes gazing into mine.

My nails dug into the leather armrests and she giggled, blowing me faster until I came hard down her throat. She then pulled off and licked my shaft and head, cleaning it of cum. 

Soon, she was sitting with her legs spread on my desk as I speedily fucked her cunt. Sharona cried out as she dug her nails into the back of my head. Before long, I had filled her pussy with a gallon of cum before she sucked me clean again.

What a secretary!!

******

"Oh yes," Sharona said as we cleaned ourselves of our sex juices, "do you remember Judith Webster?"

"You mean the human philosophy author?" I asked, "What about her?"

"Well, she emailed you this morning telling you that she would love to come and meet with you."

I nodded. "Sounds interesting."

"Not only that," Sharona continued, "She also said she is a large fan of Incest is Best. She's even trying to get it instilled in school curriculums all over the world."

"I sure hope so," I replied dreamily, "if more did open up to incest, life would be so much better."

Sharona smiled as she traced her hand up my chest. "Maybe you could help me experience it too..." She then rubbed her flat stomach.

"It'd be a crime not to." I replied as I picked her up and gently slid her down my cock.

******

As the party began, everyone was horny as fuck, kissing, sucking and touching one another. Vicky was already riding Zach while Wendall thrusted into her pussy.

Selena then bounced up to me, her beautiful tits calling my name.

"Hey daddy," she said seductively, "Are you ready for tonight?" 

"Oh yeah..." I replied, pushing her onto the couch and she began to suck my cock. I moaned softly as I looked around, seeing the hot scenes around me. Fucking was going in each bedroom, in and around the pool and even in the kitchen.

One hot brunette had her legs around a small boy who was on top of the counter with her and both were going at it hot and heavy. Her eager mouth was locked around her pert breasts as his tiny hips slammed into her wide ones.

As I watched, I felt a pair of soft hands take my cock and I saw a hot blonde MILF stroking me slowly. I didn't want to disappoint my new friend, so I pulled her into my room, and turned around, as she attacked my rapidly rising male member.

Oh god, I was in heaven. Her warm mouth and tongue bathing my prick like it's never been bathed before. I was groaning in seconds, and I tensed up, and her sucking mouth was now draining my cock of it's load.

She pushed me back onto my bed. She then started sucking my knob once more. I wasn't about to complain, reaching down and fondling her big mammaries. God they were firm and full, I guessed them to be a 36G and I had never been wrong before, as I pulled on her thick nipples.

I could feel my cock twitch, and I just leaned back, laying on my bed. She decided she needed some attention, as she climbed up and swung over me, lowering her shaved pussy to my hungry lips. 

I grabbed her ass cheeks and ran my tongue the whole length of her slit. I tasted the residue of some other boy's cum, and I about died when I realized what it was. 

But I didn't stop enjoying her snatch, as my tongue first reamed her puckered brown hole, then swirled about her vaginal opening, before working across her clit, doing a special dance number which her bucking, gyrating hips signaled their enjoyment.

And her mouth bobbing up and down my shaft was feeling damn good, as I could feel my cock throb. I couldn't believe I was still hard, or hard again, as I never noticed after her oral pursuit if I had loss any firmness.

Her left hand was jerking my cock as she sucked, while her right was fondling my hairy balls. And suddenly her mouth was off my cock, as she stiffened up and let out a wail that I thought could be heard throughout the house. But who cares? Not like no one else isn't having sex at the moment, and if not, they're probably recovering to go at it again.

My toy took less than five seconds to recover, before she dragged her wet cunt down my body, and impaled her tight cunt on my shaft. She had her feet on the floor, and was rising and falling on my meat, as I watched it stretch out her lips from behind. 
