 At the auto repair shop I work at about five years ago they hired a girl that was still in high school as part of some training program. I was only 20 at the time and low man so I had to show her the ropes and have her help with what I was doing at first. Sarah was a plain looking girl, about 5-8 tall, with short brown hair and kind of chunky which with me being all of 5-6 tall and 140 pounds made us a pair. But she was nice, learned fast and we got along well. When Sarah graduated she got a scholarship and went away to school but we kept in touch with emails. 

Fast forward to today Sarah had graduated and we met to catch up. One of the things I had kept Sarah up to date on was my girlfriend Kim. Kim is my age 25 a short blonde, sweet not to mention really hot and sexy. Like I said I'm not a big guy and Kim is my perfect match, she claims to be 5 feet tall but she's at least an inch sort of that and weighs all of 90 pounds but with an awesome 32C chest.

Kim and I met Sarah at the restaurant and when I saw her I couldn't believe my eyes, we hadn't exchanged pictures. Sarah was prettier than I recalled her hair was longer and smartly styled, at 5-8 tall she now weighed in at 195 pounds with an hour glass figure featuring a big round butt and a spectacular 40DD chest. We ate and talked and then went dancing. I danced with Kim and Sarah and they probably spent more time together than with me, girl talk I figured. 

We went back to my place and sat around talking. At one point Sarah was facing away from me, turned her head and asked me, "Do these pants make my ass look fat?" 

Well this is not the question any sane man answers, doubly so with his girlfriend present nor asked by a woman with quite a few pounds on him. I was doing my best to hesitate when Kim said, "Well Craig what do you think?" Then she got up, stood in front of Sarah and reached around grabbing Sarah's big solid butt with both hands. 

Stunned silence was all I could muster, the original question almost forgotten. Sarah then put her arms around Kim cupping her tight little butt, squatted slightly and lifted my girlfriend into her arms. Kim responded by wrapping her arms around Sarah's neck and her legs around her waist and they kissed. Not a short peck but a deep wet tongue swapping dance that lasted for a minute. 

I moved closer to well get closer as Sarah was groping Kim's ass as she held her up then when their lips parted Sarah said, "So have you decided about my ass?" 

I moved behind Sarah and with Kim smiling at me I ran my hands from Sarah's hips around to feel the full roundness of her butt, gave it a good squeeze and said, "Doesn't look one bit fat to me, looks great feels even better, I like it." 

Kim laughed as Sarah set her on the floor, "Then help her get those pants off Craig, you've got two horny women to take to care of." 

Sarah turned hugged me tight and we kissed, then as Kim was pulling down hers pants Sarah said, "Damn this girl is one eager beaver we are going to have some hot time tonight." 

We got naked and to the bedroom in a flash. Sarah had my hard cock in her hand, "Now this is a treat to behold and I am getting hot just from holding it."

Then she sat down on the edge of the bed and took my 7 inch cock in her mouth. I was enjoying the blowjob when I felt Kim push between my legs so I looked down to see Kim reaching around Sarah's hips and her tongue darting towards her pussy. 

Sarah was giving me an incredible blowjob but I was doing my best to hold back while below me Kim must have really have been going to town munching Sarah's pussy because Sarah pulled her head back from my cock and shook with a considerable orgasm falling back on the bed. 

She was flushed when she sat up and picked Kim's head up from between her legs and said "Take a breath girl I came three times you'll wear us both out." 

Then she looked at my cock pointing at her pulled me onto the bed and said, "OK let's see how it is to ride that pony." 

Kim rose up pitching me on top of Sarah who put her arms around my chest and rolled over on top of me. I was quickly on my back in the center of the bed, Sarah was straddling my legs moving to climb onto my erect cock and Kim moved to sit on my face. I grabbed Kim's tight little butt and pulled her forward, flicking my tongue at her sweet bush while Sarah demonstrated surprising agility bouncing up and down on me impaling herself on my cock. 

It was a little different having a big girl riding on top of me, I was used to pint sized Kim but it was a rush to have Sarah pounding me down into the mattress. Especially with Kim sitting on my face, this was one wild time. 

I tensed up when I couldn't hold back anymore which Sarah sensed because she sank down taking the length of my in her pussy and reached out to hug Kim right before I shot my load. Sarah climbed off me as did Kim and they hugged each other and kissed.

Kim looked over at me and said, "Damn Craig you sure showed your stuff, handled two women at once. I got me one prime piece of man."

There wasn't anything I could say to that but Sarah squeezed Kim's butt and said, "And I would like to thank you for letting me enjoy with you."

Kim rubbed Sarah's sides and said, "It's my pleasure, so let's see what to do next."

Kim had Sarah lay on her back, Kim and I were on either side of her sucking on her fat tits while I fingered Sarah's pussy. Demonstrating her multi tasking abilities Sarah was jerking me off with the left hand and fingering Kim's pussy with her right. 

Kim raised her head from Sarah's right nipple and said, "I know what this girl needs next....tit fuck." 

Sarah yelled, "Yeahhhhhhhh do um" and Kim and I shifted. 

I sat down gently on Sarah's stomach as Kim squeezed some lubricant between Sarah's big jugs and slid my cock in the greased cleavage. I started sliding my cock between Sarah's tits as she pushed them together squeezing my cock between the firm globes. Sarah stopped for a second and pulled Kim on top of her to sit down on her waiting mouth. Sarah reached under Kim to get back to her tit press, 

I reached around to squeeze Kim's fabulous tits and enjoy the view as I tit fucked Sarah's DD's right in front of Kim's tight ass. As Sarah ate my girlfriend's pussy this was the first time it occurred to me that Sarah's tits were about the same size as Kim's butt cheeks. 

Sarah put her hands under Kim's thighs and with Kim's help bench pressed her up to look at me from beneath my girlfriend's butt and between her thighs to say, "I've got this pussy wet and ready and I'm having so much fun but I think I'd like to see you fuck Kim if you're up for that." 

Kim laughed and said, "He's always up for that." 

It was my turn to laugh and I said, "Well I aim to please, so enjoy this show." 

I then slid back between Sarah's legs and taking Kim by the hips gently pulled her back so she straddled Sarah's body. After giving Kim's butt a squeeze I slipped my cock into her wet pussy. Kim's tits were right above Sarah's face so she started sucking my girlfriend's tits as I gave it to her doggy style. I may have enjoyed fucking Kim more than at that moment but I really couldn't say it was by much. It was just incredible to be poking her as we were right on top of another fabulous girl who I had fucked. Her sweet little pussy never so tight and bumping against her hot little body never felt so good. 

When I pulled back from Kim Sarah quickly reached around and pulled her forward onto her waiting mouth. I found myself in just the right spot to move back slightly so I could go down on Sarah. 

Things were going hot and heavy and quickly. After a few minutes my muff diving was interrupted by Kim lifting my head saying, "She must be ready for a good hard fuck show me the boner." 

With an already stiff cock I got to my knees, Kim slid forward to sit on Sarah's stomach and make sure I was at full attention. Once there I was more than happy to have Kim guide my cock to Sarah's wet pussy. Kim watched my cock slide in and out of Sarah's moist muff for a while before leaning back to lay on top of her. Sarah wrapped her arms around Kim to play with her tits at the same time wrapping her legs around me to complete the circuit. 

Sarah was squeezing me with her thick legs as I fucked her hard much to her pleasure, her ass bucked off the bed while she teased Kim as she bounced in her arms. It was sweet. 

When I finally came I needed a break to catch my breath and recharge but my two hot and horny companions were in no mood to wait for me to be ready again. Kim spun around to a 69 position on top of Sarah and they went straight to eating each other's pussy. I collected myself and then joined them to kiss, fondle and play with whatever sweet sexy places I could find available.

And so went the rest of the night.

In the following weeks the three of us got together usually once a week, Kim and Sarah got together about as often and when Kim had to go out of town for a few days she told Sarah to keep me occupied and after the third day the big girl just about fucked me into exhaustion.