 Kyle and Marie exited their car after a book signing at a local bookstore. They walked into the house holding hands and big smiles on their faces. 

"Some families are going to have fun tonight..." Marie said.

They closed the door, they saw Emily sitting on the sofa with a worried look on her face. 

She approached us and said, "We need to talk in private. It's important!" We exchanged nervous glances and followed Emily into a nearby available room and closed the door.

The three of us sat in the available chairs to discuss the concern. Emily looked into our eyes sighed and began explaining. 

"I just received a phone call from a high school friend Carrie. She was at home and overheard her mother talking to a church friend about our home. Carrie said the religious group is planning to make trouble for us. They believe our lifestyle and frequent incest encounters are an abomination and must be stopped. They even want to ban the Incest is Best series." 

I could see the concern & fear in Emily's face. Looking at Mom however, I saw only confidence in her face. She then stood and approached her. Taking her hand, I pulled her into my arms and gave her a comforting hug.

I stroked her hair and whispered, "Relax my love. We will deal with the issue as a family." We gave each other a passionate kiss and began groping each other. 

Mom approached and gave each of us a kiss and said, "I'll leave you two to get reacquainted. I'll begin formulating a plan to deal with this religious group."

******

As Marie closed the door she heard Kyle & Emily's moaning and heavy breathing, their sounds of fucking bringing hope to her heart.

Marie took charge and coordinated their activities. Emily contacted her friend and gathered as much information as possible. The group was affiliated with a local non-denominational church and were called "Purity is Security." 

Due to the filth they claimed to see in the world, they had established their own community far from the commercial part of the city. On the website, she saw photos of the citizens. Not on one face did she see a smile.

They were led by a woman called Agnes Morehead. At Marie's direction, Wendall googled the group and its leader. He found Agnes' long forsaken Facebook page and it had photos of her. 

She appeared to be 5'8" tall with shoulder length brown hair. In one photo, she wore a 1 piece swimsuit and it showed off a surprisingly large 38H chest. Her legs were lean and lead to a firmly packed ass. Another photo (again at the beach) showed Agnes hugging another beautiful younger women. 

It must have been Emily's friend Carrie.

Kyle's initial reaction was "Wow, where were you in school?" 

Carrie definitely took after her mother genetically. She was also showing off a curvy figure, though slightly less mature. Wendall's enormous cock began growing and expanding as sexual fantasies were formulating. 

******

As the day went on, we went over our defense.

Mom contacted Agnes through a phone number (acquired via Emily's friend Carrie). She then was able to discuss the issues and concerns calmly with Agnes. 

The group's goal is to promote the puritanical lifestyle outlined in the bible. Mom was amazing by listened to the group's ideas and claims but also promoted the benefits of our chosen lifestyle.

She suggested a meeting to further discuss things in person. Marie invited them to our home but Agnes dismissed that idea quickly calling our home a "Den of Iniquity." Agnes countered our offer by inviting Marie, Emily and I to her home. This offer was accepted.

"So what do you think?" I asked Mom after she hung up the phone.

"There's nothing to think about." she immediately replied, "the entire security of our holy way of life is at stake."

"Exactly," Emily agreed, "And we must be persistent in our meeting with her."

I, Mom and Emily dressed for the meeting. I wore a dress shirt, chinos and a tie along with wingtips. I originally complained but Mom said it'd make a good impression.

Marie and Emily each wore a business suit with a skirt, stockings and heels. Their outfits were professional, stylish and subtly sexy. Certainly more than their house attire. We approached the meeting location wondering what to expect. 

******

The front door opened and they saw Agnes in person for the first time. She wore a stylish blouse, which was fitted to her curvy torso but buttoned to the neckline. Her skirt clung to her curvy hips but the length ended at ankle level. 

Her outfit was professional and conservative. Carrie was standing in a corner and wore an outfit similar to her mother. Agnes offered her sofa to them. Kyle & Marie sat down but Emily suggested she & Carrie reconnect in another room. 

"So Agnes—" Kyle said, laying on his usual charm, "you have a lovely home."

Agnes however, would have none of it.

"I believe we should just skip the formalities and get to the business at hand. I have received word of your ungodly romps at your residence. Also, I have read the filth of your incest positive novel. Not only am I prepared to issue a formal complaint but am prepared to put all the children in your care into protective services."

"It's our way of life. You have no right to interfere."

"Oh but I do!" Agnes interjected once again, wagging her finger," I feel that no sexual intercourse nor play should occur with anyone blood related. And I intend to have all of you sorely punished! You all need religion!"

Kyle started to become angry but Marie sensed it and began stroking Kyle's leg and periodically rubbed his crotch. This intimate contact was making Agnes shift in her seat. 

Marie's attention was stoking Kyle's desire and his cock began expanding and became visually apparent to Agnes. She became affected by Marie and Kyle's show. Agnes began fidgeting by pulling at the collar of her blouse and waving her hand near her face, in an effort to 'fan' herself.

"Alright Agnes," Marie sighed, "you win."

Kyle looked shocked at his mother as Agnes gave a satisfied smile. Marie removed her hand from her son's lap and moved them to her own as if she was praying.

"Would like some lemonade?" Agnes inquired, ready to turn the heathens into faithful ones. 

Marie said "Yes!" and Agnes left for the kitchen. Kyle could say nothing. If his mother had abandoned him, he felt as if he had no one.

Marie said, "Kyle, why don't you check on Emily? I'll help Agnes with the lemonade."

Kyle still appeared afraid, something that severely bothered Marie who kissed him passionately. Her tongue danced with his and she moved his hand to her gigantic right breast which he squeezed.

As they broke apart, Marie hugged him.

"Remember I said that there is nothing we shouldn't be willing to do to hold on to our lifestyle? That was one. Now you leave Agnes to me."

Kyle agreed, kissed Marie, stood up, readjusted his swollen cock and proceeded in the direction Emily & Carrie left. Marie stood, opened her blouse by 2 buttons, readjusted her breasts and walked toward the kitchen. 

Marie saw Agnes standing at the counter cutting lemons. She took inventory of Agnes's image: strong shapely legs, round firm butt, slim waist, hourglass figure and when she used the knife to cut lemons -- her butt had a sexy jiggle.

"Agnes, do you need any assistance?" Marie asked. Agnes yipped and jumped a little, startled. Marie repeated her question. 

Agnes assured, "No, thank you Marie. I appreciate the offer but I've made lemonade many times." 

Marie moved next to Agnes, who was fidgeting again. She leaned toward Agnes and whispered into her ear, "I saw you looking at Kyle and me. I can promise you that it was no illusion, he is extremely well endowed and is bigger than your wildest fantasies." 

Agnes could only mutter "Oh God!" as she dropped the knife in attempt to cover her ears. Marie moved even closer to her target and moved her hand up and down Agnes's back. 

She whispered, "I think you have a sexy, naughty personality and I believe it's stronger than your religious conviction. I bet your nipples are even getting hard. Let me check." 

Using both hands, she reached around Agnes cupped her firm full breasts, squeezing them, feeling her nipples. "As I thought. These nipples could cut diamonds. What happened to your religious conviction?" Marie whispered.

"Stop Marie, this isn't right. I'm not attractive to women. I'm a mother and church elder." was Agnes's response. 

"I'm not either. But if anyone thinks they are taking my son from me, they have another thing coming!" Marie responded fiercely, "and your body is saying something different. I bet your pussy is getting sopping wet." 

Marie moved her right hand toward her pussy and began softly kissing Agnes's neck. She began raising the skirt up, exposing her black lace panties, which were soaking and dripping with feminine juices. 

"My, my Agnes. What would your fellow parishioners think of you getting physically excited by me or another woman?" Marie taunted. 

Agnes's response was a deep throaty groan as the stronger Marie toyed with her devout pussy. Marie turned Agnes around and began softly kissing her. 

Initially, Agnes was tentative but began to get into it, probing the infidel's mouth with her tongue. 

Breaking free, Marie said, "You are looking warm. Maybe I should remove some of your clothes." Marie slowly and seductively began unbuttoning Agnes' blouse, exposing her black lacy bra and dropped the discarded clothing on the floor. 

Agnes' breathing became labored. Marie said smiling, "That bra looks a little restricted, maybe it needs to go too." As Marie reached around to unclip it, Agnes reached out and began cupping & squeezing Marie's enormous endowments. 

"Agnes, Is that part of the church doctrine?" Marie said huskily. 

"No but it is part of being a slut that you are turning me into!" Agnes seductively replied. 

"Well slut take off your skirt." Marie replied and Agnes eagerly complied. "Now, undress your new mistress, beginning with my blouse." Marie commanded.

Agnes unbuttoned the final 3 buttons, pulled it off and dropped it next to her own blouse. Since Marie didn't wear a bra, Agnes saw the largest, fullest and most perfect breasts in her life. 

Agnes started squeezing the breasts with both hands and cooed hungrily. She quickly began lavishing attention to the breasts with her mouth and tongue.

"MMMM, where are your high moral values Agnes? This activity is not the type expected by a moral church-going woman!" whispered Marie. 

Reluctantly pulling free from Marie's breasts, she said, "No it is not, but it is the activity for your latest slut, mistress!" 

Putting her hands on Agnes's shoulders, Marie said, "Why don't you take off my skirt? I think you would like to get to know your mistress's pussy. It'll be something you see regularly from now on." 

Agnes took the hint and kneeled on the kitchen floor and began removing Marie's skirt and learned that Marie wasn't wearing panties. Agnes licked her lips and dove into Marie's shaved snatch without hesitation. 

Marie moaned and groaned, "Oh slut, how did a church-going woman like you learn how to thoroughly please a pussy?" 

With juices over her face, Agnes said, "I haven't always been this way. Before I found religion, I was a sex maniac, fucking everything that came along." 

Using her hands, Marie pulled Agnes back to her dripping pussy. Marie began wondering what Emily and Carrie were doing. Would Kyle interrupt an intense Sapphic session?

******

I walked down the hallway in search of Emily and Carrie. I heard some faint noises coming from the end of the hallway. Following the sound, I came upon a door slightly ajar. 

The noise had became more recognizable. The sexual noises included moans, groans and oral activities. Quietly, I opened the door and saw two naked women writhing on the bed. 

Carrie was lying in the bed with Emily lying on top of her in a classic 69 position. Emily lifted her head and smiled at me, but I signaled her to not reveal me. 

Carrie was really "munching" on her pussy and Emily was reciprocating but was more vocal than her partner. 

She said, "Oh Carrie, I forgot how good you were at pussy licking. Does your mother know about your lesbian affairs? How about your church group? Oh fuck you are going deep in me! FUCK I'm cumming!" 

While Emily began to orgasm, Carrie responded, "No my mother doesn't know about my sex life! I'm not a lesbian because I'm attracted to men. I even lost my virginity to man but it was not a good experience." 

Emily raised her body up pinning Carrie's head between her thighs. I took her signal and quickly undressed, my cock at full size. I was so fucking horny.

Emily said, "Maybe I can improve your experience with men." 

Carrie replied, "What are you talking about? Oh FUCKKK!" 

I took my cock and began feeding it into Carrie's sopping wet pussy. I then leaned forward and began to kiss Emily passionately. "Emily, my love, thank you for offering Carrie's pussy to me. It's so wet and tight!" I moaned.

"Carrie, how do you like my husband's big fat cock in your cunt?" taunted Emily. 

"OH FUCK!! His cock is ripping my pussy in half! The initial pain is gone only pleasure is left and it's incredible!" screamed Carrie. 

Carrie stared into my eyes, breathing hard and keeping her mouth open with grunts and groans. 

"How would you rate sex with me?" I asked.

"It's off the charts! I'm going to cum soon!" Carrie yelped.

"Carrie, I have less than half my cock in your pussy. It'll get deeper and more intense. I need to stretch out your pussy! Right Emily?" I asked. 

"Baby, you are so right. It's why I love you and why I married you." Emily giggled. 

Emily moved toward Carrie's head and whispered, "Carrie can you feel Kyle's ball sack banging against your ass? I saw it and it has become large with accumulating sperm. Your pussy is stretching out with each stroke. He's reshaping your insides. Soon you will only want his cock because no one else's will give you this intense pleasure. Are you ready to give into to his superior cock, accept his superior and prodigious cum? Are you ready to become one of his sluts, live in our home and become pregnant with his child?" 

"YEEES!!!!" Carrie screamed as she clawed the sheets.

"Do you promise to fuck your son every day of your life? Because it's only right?"

"Oh shit! Yes!! Every fucking day!" Carrie cried out.

At that instant, a massive orgasm ripped through her body and soul as she screamed, "Yes! Kyle plow my pussy, resize it for your cock, blast your superior cum into my womb and knock me up! I am your slut, your cum bucket, your whore. Knock up this nasty church woman and prove your cock is superior to all others." 

I spread her legs and began to give it to her with deep and long strokes, Carrie's screams getting louder as my dick hit home each and every time. My strong hands, much more secure and determined than any other man she'd been with, gripped her large tits and sent even more sensations rushing through her body.

Carrie immediately orgasmed again and began spasming under him. "Here cums your future baby. Are you ready to get pregnant? Your belly growing daily, your breasts growing large with milk? Oh fuck here's my load Carrie" I roared. 

"Yes, Yes knock me up, you can drink from my milk-filled tits!" screamed Carrie. 

I roared out again and slammed my hips into hers, filling her warm twat with rope after rope of my cum, continuing to fuck her as Emily played with my ass, triggering what felt like several more orgasms. 

Emily added, "I can guide her through the process. We can help each other with her increased sex drive and hormone rushes." 

I pulled my cock out of Carrie's tired but satisfied pussy. Seeing the dripping rod, Emily dropped to her knees and began cleaning it with her tongue.

I said, "Thanks honey, that was great. Carrie, do you want to live in our house and become part of our family? Are you ready for regular, daily sex sessions? Are you ready to bear children raise them in a loving environment and teach them about sex -- loving passionate sex?"

"Yes, yes, I want to move in tonight. I'll tell my mother now about my decision!" Carrie said emphatically. Pulling Emily into my arms and kissing her passionately, we extended an arm to bring Carrie into our intimate huddle. 

I then said, "Let's track down Agnes. I last saw her and Marie in the kitchen."

******

The three of us then walked nude down the hall searching for Mom and Agnes but stopped dead in their tracks at the entrance to the living room. They were on the sofa was a naked Agnes lying on her back while a naked Mom was scissoring her. 

Mom vocalized, "Agnes, how do you like scissoring on the sofa, my slut?" 

"Oh God, you might be turning me into a lesbian. I've never had a sexual experience like this from a man." groaned Agnes. 

Mom assured her, "You just haven't been with the right man. My Kyle is more man than 6 regular men. I guarantee he will give you the ride of a lifetime EVERY TIME! Kyle, will you please break in my new slut Agnes? I want you to stretch her out. Show her what sex is like with a real man."

"Sure Mom." I said. Standing over Agnes with my hardening cock, Agnes's jaw dropped in disbelief. 

"Scared Agnes?" I taunted. 

Agnes replied meekly, "Yes." 

"Don't worry." I replied, "Your daughter took my cock like a champ! She can't get enough of it. Surely you are more woman than your barely legal daughter." 

Mom piped in, "You broke her in, son?"

I nodded yes. A determined look crossed Agnes' face and I knew she was hooked. I grabbed her ankles and placed them on my shoulders. I then lined up my cock and drove it straight into her pussy and the entry was rougher than Carrie's. 

I believed she had more experience and was looser. I was wrong because Agnes hasn't had sex in almost 10 yrs. 

Agnes let loose a piercing scream. "OH FUCK, you are ripping me apart but don't stop! Break me Kyle. I live to serve my mistress and her son!" 

As I kept drilling into Agnes's cunt, Emily and Carrie are passionately kissing. Marie went to her handbag and pulled out a dildo with straps attached to it. 

She put on the strap-on, which was large (10 inches) but paled when compared to my massive endowment. She pulled out a bottle of lube and greased up her new attachment. 

As she walked toward Carrie & Emily, Carrie was not aware of this recent development. Marie moved behind Carrie and was stroking her plump butt. Carrie's lust filled mind was not aware of what will be occurring. Emily winked at her mother-in-law as a signal to go ahead. 

Emily drew her into a deep passionate kiss as Marie began pushing into Carrie's virgin ass. Carrie's mind was so clouded she was not aware of the intrusion for 30 seconds. 

Suddenly, her eyes grew wide and she broke the kiss and said, "OH SHIT not my ass!! The pain there is more intense than my pussy." 

Emily tilted her head and looked into Carrie's eyes and said calmly, "I thought you just dedicated yourself to Kyle and he will want to use all three of your holes. Both Marie and I have given all three holes to him multiple times. Are you ready to be Kyle's three hole slut?" 

Carrie screamed "Yes take me Marie, drive that strap-on into my virgin ass. Force me to accept this pleasure. I'm cumming from anal sex!"

I was still driving my cock into Agnes with mechanical efficiency. 

I then taunted, "Agnes, do you still think it's indecent? I've counted 3 or 4 orgasms since our brief coupling. Am I man enough for you?" 

Agnes rasped, "Kyle you are more than a man, you are a god. I love fucking you. I can't get enough of your cock." 

I drove my cock deeper into her pussy. Suddenly, I felt a hard obstacle inside her pussy. Grinding my teeth, I bored down and steadily pushed forward until something give way. 
