 It was mid-week and three college teens, Lisa, Dawn & Marie went out to a TGIF in Virginia for dinner to celebrate Lisa's 19th and Marie's 18th birthday. Dawn was already 18, had short blonde hair, about 5ft 2", while Lisa was 4ft 11" and Marie was 5ft with both teens having long brunette hair. Dawn's mom, was a nurse at a local hospital and needed the car for work. The other girl’s parents were not available to chauffer, so Dawn’s mom volunteered to pick up Dawn, Lisa and Marie but because of a major four-car accident in the area, was unable to pick them up and that's when Sam appeared.

My name is Sam and I was a stranger to these teens until they were desperate for a ride home. Sam is a salesman and was traveling in the VA area and decided to have dinner at a TGIF. Sam, was seated in a corner table by himself and noticed these three attractive teen teens sitting at a table in front of him. All during dinner, the three teens were flirting with Sam. Every time the blonde, who Sam later learned, was named Dawn, got up to go to the bathroom, would stretch her young nubile body and push out her size 34B-size breasts. Then Marie would leave the table, would look over to Sam and push out her 34A-size breasts. Of course Lisa would repeat what the other teens did pushing out her 36B-size breasts when she would leave, then look over at Sam's table. All three teens were wearing real short shorts with Tank Top, type shirts. Sam's 8-inch penis kept growing all during there show and he was trying to hide his hard on from the waitress but at age 29, these young teens were really doing a number turning Sam on.

In celebration of two of their birthdays a cake was brought to their table by the staff. Everyone started singing Happy Birthday and cheering them on. That's when Sam had his chance to introduce himself to the teens and they thanked him for joining in on the birthday wishes.

Everyone left about the same time when Sam noticed the three teens were waiting outside the restaurant. Sam asked them if everything was ok and Dawn explained that they were out for Lisa and Marie's birthdays and her mom was unable to pick them up, so they needed a ride home. Sam asked Dawn if they needed to get right home or in celebration of Marie and Lisa's birthday, did they want to party in his hotel suite? Dawn looked to both Lisa and Marie then to Sam and said let's party. So, Sam first stopped to pick up a few bottles of Vodka, orange juice and some beer, then drove to his hotel.

Sam sneaked the three teens up the back staircase to his hotel suite and told them to make themselves comfortable. Sam then turned on some soft music and started talking to the three teens. Sam offered the teens drinks, soda from the machine, beer or screwdrivers. Dawn, wanted a screwdriver, Marie went along with Dawn and Lisa asked for a beer. Sam mixed himself a screwdriver but with lots less booze that he added into Dawn and Marie's drinks. Sam asked the teens if they had boyfriends and Marie giggled saying that she didn't but Dawn and Lisa did kind of. Sam asked what that meant and Dawn said that their boyfriends were more college friends’ then actual boyfriends. They soft kissed and felt their tits but nothing more. In other words Sam was lucky to still find three teens over 18 that may still be virgins.

The teens downed their drinks so Sam refilled them with another round. Sam asked the teens if they played poker and suggested they play a few hands. They played the first hand and Marie won, then Sam said that the losers have to drink a shot of vodka, so Dawn, Sam and Lisa each had a shot. The next round Dawn won, and then Sam won. Sam could tell the teens were each getting a good buzz so Sam suggested that they change the rules to strip poker. The three teens looked over to Sam noticing the bulge in his shorts and all three agreed to play.

Lisa lost the first hand. Since everyone removed his or her shoes from the start, Lisa was forced to remove her tank top first, leaving her in just her bra. So, Lisa was at first shy but with Dawn and Marie's coaching, it made it easier for Lisa to remove her top. Sam lost the next hand and removed his shirt, then Dawn lost the next hand and whipped off her top, she wasn't wearing a bra so Sam was able to see her nice tanned tits with white areolas. Sam’s penis was straining in his pants so he took this opportunity to get up, adjust the bulge in his pants and refill the teens and his drinks. The game continued until Lisa was down to her pink brief cut style panties, Dawn was down to her black lace string bikini style panties, Marie was down to her white thong panties and Sam was down to his Hanes mid-cut briefs.

With the booze effecting the teens, they were now starting to each giggle at each other's choice for this occasion of panties plus they were looking at the tip of Sam's 8" hard on sticking out the top on his briefs. Sam could tell that the teens were starting to loose some of their inhibitions. Marie lost the next hand and was the first to loose her panties, so, she stood up and did a slow strip for the group. Then Dawn lost the next hand and not to be outdone by Marie did a slow sexy strip and so that he could help remove her panties took Sam's hands into her own. Sam lost his briefs, next and Lisa helped him remove them then Lisa lost the last hand and Dawn, Marie and Sam ripped her panties from her body.

Sam went over to each girl individually and gave them each a very wet kiss then slowly gave each girl a quick massage on their breasts. Each girl responded to Sam's kiss and gentle touch. Sam noticed that their nipples became erect from his touch, 

So Sam announced that the girl who looses the next hand would be the first to loose their virginity while the other two teens watch and learn for their turn with Sam. Lisa, Dawn and Marie each agreed and all three were trying to loose this hand, when Lisa didn't even get any pairs and thus lost this hand.

Sam carried Lisa over to the bed, with Dawn and Marie following them over. Sam explained to the teens about kissing around the face, then started kissing Lisa's face, neck, ears and slowly down to her nubile breasts. Lisa' bulging mounds of soft feminine flesh, with nipples that were hard and erect surrounded by the most beautiful pink circles of flesh fading to the beautiful white of her skin felt great in Sam's mouth.

This was too much for Sam, having three young beautiful nude teens in bed with him and turning Lisa on that he almost blew his load on Lisa. It took all of Sam's control not to cum. Lisa was responding to Sam's tongue licking her breasts, she never had this experience before but she was enjoying it but couldn't understand why her pussy was getting wet. Meanwhile Dawn and Marie started touching each other’s breasts while watching Sam and their friend Lisa get it on. 

Sam gently probed Lisa's vagina with his finger and once again felt that delicate membrane, he was able to fit two of his fingers through the membrane, but since Lisa was getting wetter with each thrust of his fingers, Sam knew the time was close to enter her virgin pussy.

Sam explained to the three teens that he was going to slowly enter Lisa, and that at first it will hurt her a little but the pain will ease with time. While Lisa was getting her cherry popped, Dawn and Marie watched to provide moral and verbal support to their friend. Then Dawn and Marie started into a "69" while watching Sam pop Lisa's cherry. Sam noticed that Dawn and Marie were very relaxed with each other and knew what they were doing with each other. Sam could tell that this was not their first lesbian relationship with each other.

Sam slowly entered Lisa's virgin pussy with his 8-inch penis, stopping at her delicate membrane. Sam then thrusted a few more times before tearing her hymen and taking her virginity. Lisa moaned a little and winced some at the pain as Sam eased back out, of her now non-virgin pussy. As Sam eased his 8-inch erect penis out of Lisa he noticed that their was some blood on his penis. Dawn and Marie also noticed the blood and grew concerned over Lisa. Lisa felt like she was in heaven and told Sam to get back in and to start fucking her. 

Dawn and Marie took this as a sign that Lisa was ok and resumed their lesbian lovemaking as Sam was re-entering Lisa's pussy so she could have her first of many orgasms. Sam could not take hold back much longer and after Lisa had her first orgasm, he started cumin spewing his semen into her pussy. Sam took Lisa into his arms, holding her with Dawn and Marie joining their friend. Both teens asked Lisa how she felt and Lisa told them that she hasn't felt better but was just a little sore down below.

From all the liquid that she drank, Lisa had to pee real bad so she ran to the bathroom to pee and clean up from Sam’s cum and her own blood/juices. Dawn then asked Sam if he would pop her asshole cherry first before popping her virgin vagina. To clean his penis before entering Dawn's asshole, Sam had Lisa bring him a washcloth from the bathroom. Sam then had Lisa and Marie use their tongues to lube up Dawn's asshole to make it easier for him to enter her. Both teens started licking their girlfriend's asshole like it was a lollypop.

While Lisa and Marie were getting Dawn's asshole ready for Sam, Sam was busy kissing Dawn, her breasts and fingering her pussy. Sam wanted this one hot for his penis. When Sam felt that Dawn was ready for him to enter her asshole, he had her get up on the bed doggy style, meanwhile Marie was asking Lisa about how it felt to have her hymen torn away and what it felt like before and after. With all this new sex going around her, Marie was getting excited and very horny. Sam had Dawn stick her asshole up and he very slowly entered the teen's asshole. Dawn's sphincter muscle were very slow to respond to his 8-inch penis so Sam took his time and asked Lisa to start licking Dawn's pussy and Marie to lick her tits.

This action started making Dawn hornier and her sphincter muscles started relaxing more allowing Sam to enter her virgin asshole. Sam was enjoying this tight asshole and was now able to get about 5 inches in. Sam started moving in and out now more freely until he had almost 6 inches inside Dawn's asshole.

Meanwhile Dawn was responding to her friends licking her tits and pussy and Sam in her asshole. Dawn started bucking her body, knocking poor Lisa off the bed but bringing Sam's full 8-inches into her asshole. Sam started riding Dawn's asshole, placing several fingers into her pussy. Sam started thrusting his fingers in Dawn's pussy to the same speed as his penis was thrusting in her asshole. Dawn started screaming out that she was cumin and Sam noticed that her pussy was very wet so he let her have her first orgasm from anal penetration.

Sam pulled out of Dawn's pussy, gripped the wash cloth and cleaned off his penis, then quickly rolled Dawn on her back and entered her virgin pussy, quickly taking her virginity. Dawn was so exciting from her previous orgasm that she did not even, feel her hymen being broken by Sam. Sam was so excited that he started spewing his semen in Dawn's pussy, which was mixing with her blood. From all this excitement, Marie was off on the side of the bed playing with her pussy, while Lisa just drifted off to sleep on the couch.

Sam allowed Dawn and himself to come down slowly from their sexual high. Sam needed to take a break from having sex with two young teens within a few hours of each other. Sam was having a great time with these teens but he knew that Marie was next and he thought she would be the most nervous of the three.

Meanwhile, Dawn noticed her friend Marie was playing with herself, so she moved away from Sam to start licking Marie's pussy lips and clit. Marie took hold her Dawn's head and pushed it into her groin, letting Dawn know that she needed some great tongue action. Dawn gently and slowly licked her friend's pussy, they have been doing this to each other since they were 11, and therefore, Dawn was familiar with Marie's body. Sam just watched the two teens together until his battery was charged and his penis started getting hard again. As Dawn's lips were on Marie's pussy, Marie's hands were rubbing her own breasts. Marie's body started bucking and her groin area was moving up and down off the bed, with Dawn's head staying in place matching each movement her friend's body made. Marie started having an orgasm, and even squirted out some pussy juice into Dawn's mouth with some of it leaking unto the bed.

After watching how Marie came, Sam could not wait any longer and knew that this would be the best time to enter Marie's virgin but very wet pussy. Sam motioned Dawn to move from her friend's pussy and he took Dawn's place over Marie, placing his penis at her pussy. Sam slowly entered Marie, stopping at her membrane, and then asked her if she was ready and Marie whispered ready as I'll ever be Sam. Dawn watched Sam push into Marie's pussy and saw, Marie's eyes wince as her hymen was torn. Dawn asked Marie if she was OK and Marie nodded that she felt great. Sam took that as a positive sign and started moving in and out of Marie's pussy at a faster pace. Marie was enjoying Sam in her pussy, she never thought it would feel so great and could not understand why she agreed with her girlfriends to wait to have her cherry popped instead of doing it earlier in her life. However, Marie was happy that she waited to have a 29 year old with experience pop her cherry rather then someone her own age in college without experience and would just get his own nuts off and care less about Marie’s satisfaction and pain.

Marie came several more times until Sam's semen entered this young teens unprotected pussy and finally Sam exploded with his biggest orgasm of the evening. Sam, Marie and Dawn all cuddled together on the bed looking over at Lisa on the couch.

Marie left to use the bathroom and on her way back woke up Lisa to come to bed and join Dawn, Sam and herself for one final joint orgy before finally getting some sleep. At 10:00 am there was a knock at the door, with someone yelling maid service. Sam jumped out of bed and ran to the door yelling to the housekeeping lady to come back later. OK, bye said the lady. Sam got the teens up and they all went into the small hotel shower. 

Lisa and Marie were washing each other's body while Sam gave Dawn's body a tongue washing, Lisa and Marie yelled out to Sam how about them, so Sam said that he would need help, so, he started licking one of Marie's breasts while Dawn sucked Lisa' breast. Marie asked Sam to soap her asshole up real good and clean, then told him that she wanted her asshole cherry popped before she went back home today.

Sam told Marie that it would be his pleasure to accommodate her asshole. Dawn and Lisa remained playing in the shower while Marie and Sam left to head back to the bed with very crumbled and stained sheets. First Sam slowly made love to Marie, kissing her lips, teaching her the correct way to French kiss, then Sam asked Marie if she knew what a blowjob was? Marie was not sure and Sam told her it was like what she did with Dawn but with his penis instead. Marie said she would try it and went down to Sam's penis, which wasn't yet erect and started licking it. Sam told Marie to be gentle with his penis and to manipulate the top of the head with her tongue and slowly suck it into her mouth. Sam could not believe how great it felt getting a blowjob from this 18-year old virgin girl's mouth.

Dawn and Lisa came out of the bathroom and Lisa yelled out to Dawn, look Marie is learning how to give head so Dawn with Lisa joined their friend Marie at Sam's penis. Now Sam had three tongues on his penis and it grew to its 8" inch erect size. While Marie was moving her mouth, stuffed with Sam's penis, up and down Dawn and Lisa went at his balls. Sam could not handle it and told the three teens that he was about to cum. Marie kept at it going faster with Dawn and Lisa licking/sucking at his balls. Sam blew the biggest load yet and Marie tried to drink as much of it as possible but it was too much for her small mouth, so Dawn and Lisa took the balance of Sam's drippings from Marie's mouth. 

Sam then instructed Dawn and Lisa to use some of his semen on Marie's asshole so that she could be lubed and ready for him to cherry pop her asshole. Sam then instructed Marie to get on all fours and he then mounted her, very slowly from the rear. Marie's sphincter muscle opened up and adjusted to Sam's penis. Sam could not believe how easy it was for this 18-year-old girl to accept his penis in her asshole. Marie was enjoying the feeling in her asshole and told Sam to start thrusting faster and deeper. Dawn and Lisa were starting to get excited and wet in their pussies watching their friend get fucked in her asshole, so Lisa brought her body by Marie's mouth and had her start eating out her pussy. Dawn was watching all this action from a chair in the room and brought her legs up and inserted two fingers into her pussy and thumb in her own asshole. Dawn slowly stroked her outer lips, then her clit, then moved her fingers into her asshole, replacing her thumb then back around to her pussy. Dawn was getting herself very excited and emitted a low moan as she had a small orgasm.

While Sam was screwing Marie's asshole, his fingers were busy rubbing her clit plus her pussy. Sam noticed that Marie was enjoying getting her asshole fucked so he decided to just take it slow and long letting it last as long as he could hold out. Sam was glad that Marie gave him the great blowjob prior to him fucking her asshole. Lisa was now sucking Marie's 34A-size breasts and Marie could not take it anymore so she started cumin like crazy. Sam's finger in her pussy was getting wet from the juices that were flowing. Sam now felt himself starting to cum, so he told Marie to hold on and he thrusted into her asshole as fast and deep as possible bringing his balls right up to this girl's asshole. Sam started cumin like there was no tomorrow.

As Sam was cumin there was a loud knock again from the housekeeping lady. Sam yelled out, as best he could, under the circumstances that he would be out of the room within the hour. The housekeeping lady told him that check out time is coming soon and he better be out of the room or he will get the manager. Sam yelled out OK. Sam got out of Marie's asshole and told the teens to hurry up and get cleaned up and he would take them all home.

The teens ran into the bathroom to use a towel and washcloth doing the best they could to make themselves presentable and get dressed. Sam also cleaned up the best he could, got dressed and packed, then brought the teens back down via back staircase to his car. Sam then went to the front desk to check out. On the way to their houses, the teens explained to Sam that Dawn's mom never was planning to pick them up from the TGIF last night. Each girl told her mom or parents that they were sleeping at the others house. Since these teens wanted to be teen sluts, they planned from the beginning, when they were younger, to all loose their virginity on Lisa’s 19th & Marie's 18th birthday and Sam was just the lucky guy who helped in singing happy birthday to Lisa & Marie.

The end

If you enjoyed my story, write me and vote me a #5.