 I awoke this morning feeling great. It was Friday!, and today at my job promised to be very quite, my boss after all was out of town. During my shower I even found myself humming, the drudgery of shaving my legs was almost pleasant. I finished my shower by carefully removing the small growth of hair around the opening of my crotch. I dried myself, applied makeup, a spritz of perfume, and then to the bedroom to dress. I still had plenty of time so I treated myself to another cup of coffee, lit a cigarette, and turned on the TV to catch the local news. As I was beginning to put my pantyhose on the weatherman announced another scorcher of a day, 102 degrees, no relief. This little Texas girl immediately began to unroll her hose. Forget the panties too, I told myself, a nice cotton sundress would be plenty. Brushing my hair out I began wrapping up the small things to do at home before I left, dog out to do her business, note to kids for chores after they arrived from school, rinsing the coffee pot, etc. By the time I left for work, 7:30 am, I was glad I had watched TV, already 84, no sticky legs and butt today.

The office was a welcome quite. I contemplated saying the hell with it and going home early, but being the only one there, decided against it. I emailed my baby in Florida, teasing him with subtle hints of how I needed his body NOW. Around 10:00 am I was completely bored and decided my desk and it's drawers needed to be more organized. I was just about through with my reorganization and seriously considering leaving for today when in walked one of the best looking, well dressed men I had ever seen. He was tall with a deep tan, late thirties, a briefcase was in his left hand. On his right was an extremely attractive yet very professional looking woman. He introduced himself as Christopher Pikes, and his assistant Christine Walker. I inwardly smiled as I thought "how cute, Chris and Chrissy." 

May I help you I asked, looking at them from behind my mountain of organized labor that had yet to be stowed. Yes he said, I represent Lawrence McCall of....he did not have to finish. The McCall Foundation was our largest and most lucrative accounts. Diversivied to the max, his firms represented easily 10 percent of our accounting firms gross. I immediately stood and extended my hand, hello Mr. Pikes, I'm Kelley, Mr. Cranes assistant. He is out of town today, is there anything I can do for you? He grasped my hand with his well manicured one, his grip strong and assured. Yes I'm sure you can, I'm in town today through Sunday and thought that I might attain my clients' preliminary corporate and personal tax returns so that I could delivery them to him Monday morning. My mind was reeling while he was speaking, my eyes drifted over to Christine, I swear I could smell a light vanilla ish fragrance surrounding her. It was subtle, yet enchanting. Oh yes of course Mr. Pikes, I have been working on them all morning and should be done with them by this afternoon I lied. Fantastic he smiled, please have your courier drop them off at the Hilton. I'll see to it myself, I said, say around 4 this afternoon? That would be great. He smiled looked into my eyes and extended his hand, Christine did the same, her hand very feminine, nails perfectly sculpted.

They left, FUCK I screamed into the empty office. There goes a perfectly good Friday, to no one in particular. Throughout the course of the next four hours, my mind constantly went back to Mr. Christopher Pikes. He was a hunk, the self assured, rich and pleasant man that women want to have babies with! I finished the returns, went to the ladies room in our office building to freshen up. Looking at myself in the mirror I noticed the two hard nipple impressions in my dress top. Oh my god, I was really beginning to get turned on just thinking about seeing this man again. I now could feel the warmth spreading its way through my pussy. Forget this I thought, and left for the Hilton. Arriving at the front desk I asked for Mr. Pikes' room. To my shock the clerk asked if I was Ms. Tempra. Yes I replied hesitantly, and he informed me that Mr. Pikes was awaiting my arrival in the lounge. I laughed to myself, hell the clerk could have thought I was a call girl or something!

The lounge was dimly lit and as my eyes adjusted I could make out various well dressed people. Ms. Temp, over here. I turned to see Mr. Pikes and Christine in a corner booth. I smiled, waved, and walked over. Hello Mr. Pikes, Christine. He quickly said, please, it's Chris, and thank you so much for personally handling these returns. My pleasure I assured him. Sit down, what are you drinking. It was a request more than a offer and I was ready for a drink. Chablis, please, thank you I said, and Christine made her way to the bar, returning with fresh drinks for all. She now sat on the outside of me, placing me between them. Chris and Christine made great company, we discussed business related topics and various other subjects. The alcohol was beginning to loosen our tongues and soon our inhibitions. A soft hand began to rub the inside of my lower thigh, my legs opened just a little, allowing the caress. I turned more towards Chris, again opening my legs a little more. Soon another hand began rubbing my other thigh, the wine caught in my throat as I knew Christine was the culprit of this one. I swallowed my wine and slowly turned my head towards Christine, again sensing that subtle bewitching scent of hers. 

She was absolutely stunning. The pinned up tight hair was now replace with mid back raven locks, silky and beautiful. Both hands were now working my thighs, probing my wet freshly shaven (thank god) pussy lips. Damn, I couldn't help but respond, two of the most beautiful people I had met were placing me on the verge of orgasm. Soft music prevailed in the lounge, muffling out the soft moans escaping from my lips. Christine placed her lips to my neck, my head falling back, she between light bites, whispering, cum for me Kelley. Many fingers began fucking my wanton pussy, others pinching and pulling my extending clit, my hips rocking back and forth. My first orgasm made me cry out causing Chris to kiss me deeply, stifling my moans. My pussy pulsed as wave after wave rocked my crotch. A wet finger then forced its way deep into my ass causing my next orgasm to send my ass sliding down the soaked booth seat. I was almost screaming into his mouth, the pleasure so intense. The fingers in my ass were completely embedded as I slid further down the bench. I could feel a light sheen of sweat covering my entire body. Chris broke his kiss, the fingers slowly withdrawn from my soaked pussy and tight ass. I recovered and sat back up, just a lady having a drink I smiled to myself, when Christine asked would I like to join her and Chris in her room for a drink.

The room was plush, one of the nicest I had seen. A marbled floor entrance that gave way to an elegantly furnished living area. A bedroom on either side, french doors open, both showing king size beds, made a nice finishing touch. Chablis or something else, Christine asked? Chablis was fine I answered not wanting to mix my alcohol and make a fuzzy remembrance. She room serviced a bottle of wine for me and began the task of making Chris and herself drinks. Christine gave Chris his drink and excused herself, padding off to the bedroom, presumably to the restroom. Chris slipped off his jacket and began loosening his tie, sitting on the couch, asking if I would like to sit. With a slight pat of his hand on the sofa seat, I sat next to him, no more unsure of what was to come. I've never called a man beautiful before until now, easily 6'3", slight but firm build, dark eyes with a rich deep tan. As he removed his tie, unbuttoning the first two buttons of his shirt, I noticed a light tuff of chest hair spill over. 

My wine arrived and he signed the bill then poured me a tall glass. I sipped the wine, he his drink, his long arm resting on the back of the couch, absently twirling my blonde hair. He pulled my head to his, thick full lips pressing against mine and began to kiss me. His tongue was long and thick, sweet from his drink as he began to probe the inner depths of my mouth. My arms went around his shoulders, pulling him deeper into my mouth, savoring this deep slow kiss. Our bodies began to move against each other, I needed to feel his naked skin against mine and pulled back from our kiss, my breath coming in shallow bursts. I began to unbutton his shirt, one by one, kissing my way through his chest, sucking and biting his harding nipples into my mouth. His hand found its way to my ever widening legs, giving him full easy access to my soaked crotch. My pussy danced to the manipulation of his long fingers, my clit lengthening, begging for his talented touch. I continued as I could to finish his shirt, lifting up to remove it from his tanned body. I pulled him up, unbuckled his trousers and lowered them to the floor.

I was standing with him, in one swoop my dress was off my body, revealing my small pert breasts, nipples screaming to be sucked, and a almost hairless blond pussy, lips wet and swollen with desire. God damn I was on fire. Lowering my gaze to his boxer shorts, I could make out his cock, pushing the fabric to the point of splitting, a dark wet spot visible. I lowered his shorts and my body down, and gasped. In front of my face was the most amazing cock I had ever seen. It's girth was thick, maybe the size of the cola cans that I drink at work. At least 9 inches, the light brown dick was throbbing, its massive head dripping with precum. I wet my lips, held his cock in my tiny hand, and began licking his shaft with long slow wet strokes, purposely staying away from his wet head. My eyes drifted up to him, his hands caressing my hair, his head back, eyes closed, breath coming in gasps. I cupped his huge balls, squeezing them, feeling the load of cum stuffed in his big nuts. 

I teased him for as long as I thought he could stand, then opened my mouth and throat, tasting his sweet precum, sinking his cock ever so slowly into my mouth, pressing my tongue, swirling it around his impressive shaft, I began to deep throat him. He was moaning loudly, calling my name as I just as slow began to rise from his cock, bringing my mouth to the tip of his head, sucking the precum pouring from his dick into my mouth. I ever so patiently began the ritual again, this time even slower, one hand squeezing his balls, the other lightly fingering his asshole with the tips of my fingernails. His hips bucked wildly, his nuts rose and fell in my hand, I sank my mouth over his entire cock and plunged one, then two fingers deep into his ass. His first shot of cum almost made me choke. Thick and massive it ran past the back of my tongue, spraying my throat. I pulled back and let him shoot the next load into my hungry slutty mouth, pumping his shaft with one hand, fucking his tight ass with the other. Another massive load of cum dumped into my greedy mouth, followed by another, and another. 

I swallowed hard and fast but cum was freely flowing from my mouth, down to my tits and onto my knees, resting on the floor. His legs weakened and he fell to the couch, I held on to his massive pole, now disengaged from my mouth, as he continued to cum all over my face and tits. I looked up into his face after he finished, removing my fingers from his ass, licking the cum from them that had flowed over them. He was looking down, reaching for me, kissing me, licking his thick spew from my face and tits. Christine cleared her throat, standing in the door way, dressed in a black garter, waving us to come to her room with one finger.........

Chris arose on somewhat shaky legs, his softening cock swinging freely between his legs. It was almost mesmerizing to watch his crotch, soft it was still nearly twice as large as I had ever had. The wetness from my mouth and his cum shown in the lights as he made his way towards Christine's bed. I followed, taking in Christine's beauty as we slipped passed her, what could be described as only a wicked smile, lighting up her face. I quickly excused myself and went into the bathroom. I stood in front of the mirror, my hands resting on the vanity, shaking. I was only minutes away from what I knew would be the fucking of my life. I reached between my legs, inserting one, then two fingers into my flowing cunt. The pressure of two was driving me crazy and I was about to have a man with a cock the size of my forearm invade me. I almost came from the thought, removed my sticky fingers, and plunged into the shower. Rinsing off quickly, I toweled myself dry and emerged from the bathroom into the bedroom.

Christine looked up from her gaze of Chris's stiffening cock, her hands absently squeezing his balls. Smiling, she motioned me to the bed, come, please tell me just what you did to Chris, I've never seen him cum so quick. I smiled looking at Chris, propped up on pillows, pillows were everywhere. Christine's garter, sans panties, framed her crotch, well trimmed dark hair outlined a gaping wet pink slit. Immediately the vanilla smell engulfed my senses, fanning a new heat between my legs. I wanted to know the source of this fragrance. Crawling up on the impossibly large bed, Christine motioned me to join her, now stroking Chris's beautiful thick veined cock. Lowering her mouth to the slit in his head, she began to taste his cum, swirling it around with her long tongue. I licked and sucked one of his balls deep into my mouth, my tongue flicking over his impossibly large ball. 

Christine began to sink her mouth deeper onto his shaft, eventually swallowing him entirely. His nut popped from my mouth and I met hers, licking her lips, her tongue emerging from her mouth onto his shaft as I sucked at it. She inched up, exposing the bottom of his dick to my tongue. Ever so slowly she proceeded up, me following her, licking his cock where her mouth had just been. Chris was moaning deeply, his ass moving in circles on the silk sheets. Once at the top, we kissed briefly before beginning our journey again, this time me taking him to the back of my throat and Christine leading the way, attempting to wrap her tongue around his shaft. eventually sucking and kissing his heavy balls. With patience we continued this routine, keeping Chris just on the verge of release, then a hard pull straight down on his balls by Christine, ebbing the spillage of his sticky cum. Finally stopping our torture of Chris, Christine rolled me onto my back, quickly between my legs, her long tongue snaking it's way deep into my swollen pussy, then forcing it's way into my ass. As quickly as she started she stopped. NO I almost screamed, my god I NEEDED to cum.

She removed her now wet face from my fragrant crotch. Chris had gotten up, gone to the end of the bed and began to pull me across the silky sheets, my legs spread wide, exposing my desire fully to his view. He was standing at the end of the bed, holding my legs spread on either side of his body, his cock at full attention, the head resting heavily on my wet slit. Are you ready for me to fuck you Kelley, he asked. I almost came, but all I could do it seemed was tense up my ass, awaiting the assault of his massive tool. Christine was now on the end of the bed, holding him, rubbing his cock head up and down my pussy, hitting my clit, making me moan out loud, wanting my fuck. I opened my eyes, looking down at the incredibly sexy scene between my legs, high and open. Christine began to place his enormous head at the entrance to my cunt. Never taking his eyes from mine, Chris began to push, using his leverage of standing to force the head into my pussy. I felt him enter, and cried stop, only the head into my cunt and I almost passed out. The pain was soon replaced with an incredible fullness, unbelievable pleasure and pressure as he rocked back and forth into my pussy, maybe two inches deep.

My cunt was on fire, stretching to accommodate him, lubricating his invading member. He continued to push into my pussy, three four then five of his 9 inches and I came. His cock completely stretched me as I cried out, dragging my clit into my pussy as he sank deeper. I began to tell him to slow, no , no more. Christine then sank onto my face, her large protruding wet pussy lips muffling my cries as Chris continued to sink his cock into my depths. Christine was humping my face now, using it, cumming with animal cries, and still Chris continued. He finally buried his bull cock into my overly stretched pussy and began to withdraw. The vanilla smell source was revealed as Christine's orgasm subsided, but not her use of my face and tongue. At Christine's urging, Chris began to pummel my fucked pussy, driving deeper and deeper into my cunt, my next orgasm made me scream into Christine's musky pussy, Chris began fucking me even harder as Christine came again. My god, this was insane, never had I been fucked so thoroughly before. Christine removed herself from my face, urging Chris on by standing behind him, cupping his rising heavy balls, the other hand stroking my clit. Chris began his final thrusts, each one burying itself still deeper into my cunt, his balls slapping my ass with each stroke. With his head thrown back and mouth open he yelled he was cumming. His balls unloaded stream after stream of thick hot spunk into depths no man had touched before. Removing his cock, Christine's mouth replace my pussy as she sucked his boiling gism from his heaving balls. She then dove into my cum filled pussy, licking wildly at his cum, my clit, her nails buried in my ass as I came again. I felt completely spent.

My legs were numb, my pussy was throbbing, my last orgasm finally subsiding as Christine completed her task of licking Chris's cum from my cunt. She lifted her head from my crotch, cum visible on her lips and chin and went into the bathroom. As I lay there listening to her shower run, I wondered how long they had planned this or had they. It really didn't matter, I had lost count of my orgasms and never had I felt better about being a woman. I looked up at Chris, lying back on the bed, my view of his eyes slightly obstructed by his beautiful cock and balls. He smiled and asked if I wanted a wine. Yes I mumbled and he chuckled. Christine emerged from the bathroom, her head cocked to one side as she brushed her black hair. She yelled for Chris to make her a drink. I watched her comb her hair, her high breasts, hard nipples and long legs were captivating. Although I really didn't have a taste for women, this was an exception. I knew why Chris was with her now, sexy, confident and beautiful. Chris came in with our drinks and I gulped half of my wine before I realized it. I stood and made my way to the shower.

Looking into the mirror, I saw what a well fucked woman looked like. My hair was soaked, my body shiny with sweat and cum. My cunt open as cum ran down my legs. I re-inserted my two fingers into myself, this time sliding in easily. I came out of the shower to find Chris and Christine on the bed, relaxing. I sat on the edge of the bed feeling refreshed, thinking that I should maybe start the process of saying goodbye. Chris made his way to the shower and my thoughts of leaving were soon replaced with Christine's tongue on my neck from behind. I let my head fall back, savoring the softness of this female as she sucked and bit my neck. Incredibly, I began to feel the heat in my crotch again as Christine expertly licked her way around my neck to my breasts, sucking each nipple deep into her mouth, then out again. I laid back on the bed as she worked her thick tongue into my navel, down to my inner thighs, leaving a wet trail behind her. 

She began licking my shaved pussy lips sucking each into her mouth then ever so slowly dipping her tongue into my cunt then dragging it across my clit. I grasped her hair, pulling her deeper into my cunt. She took her time, I liked that, men can go to quick sometimes. I was moaning softly now, my eyes closed shut, head back, knees pulled up to my stomach, giving her complete access to my pussy. I felt the bed shift as she swung her legs around, now a knee on either side of my head. Opening my eyes I saw her beautiful pussy as she began to lower her crotch to my face. The pink large lips and gaping slit, wet with desire had surely been had by Chris' cock on many occasions. I began licking her slit from front to back in slow long strokes, she doing the same to my pussy. Her scent was heavenly, slightly musky with that incredible vanilla smell. I began in earnest with my tongue now, wanting this woman's cum in my mouth. Her tempo on my cunt picked up in unison as we moaned deeply into each others pussy. She lifted her head from my crotch briefly, telling me she was cumming. This drove me over the edge also as I began my orgasm, forcing my tongue deep into her convulsing cunt, lapping up little gushes of her cum as her large lips spread across my mouth and nose.
