 The amount of feedback I received from "Summer Afternoon Fun" eclipsed all of the feedback I had received from my other works combined. With this in mind I plan to write more first person stories based on some aspect of my life. Some of them will be completely true events, some will be based on a fantasy of mine. I hope you enjoy, and feel free to contact me, I respond to all polite individuals. 

*************

When I broke up with John I decided to make the most of it. I went out at least three times a week, and often didn't come home alone. Suddenly those two AM texts asking if I was up got answers, and some of them even started coming from my phone. I didn't try to hide this, but my roommate Sarah definitely thought I should have. 

Sarah and I go back a long ways. We ran against each other in high school, I usually got the better of her, but not always. I had never spoken to her outside of a few "good race" comment at meets. When I showed up on campus for my freshman year I recognized her at a party before classes started. Our rivalry continued through freshman year, but her interest in the team waived after that. Her performance dropped, and after Christmas break Sophomore year she quit the team. That actually helped our friendship. We lived in a house off campus junior year, split up for senior year but remained close and eventually got an apartment after graduation when we got jobs close together. Sarah seemed to be doing well at her new job, was possibly even going to get a small promotion in a few months. 

I was happy with my social work position. It was basically a dead end, the agency never knew where funding was going to come from and my position was more likely to be eliminated then provide any upward growth. It seemed to drive her nuts that I was willing to just ride it out instead of looking for a better situation. 

Her constant unsolicited career advice was really starting to rub me the wrong way. I didn't need a lecture because I was happy doing work I liked. Then when it got combined with a maternal tone of "not being in college anymore" and it's not good for your career for "people to see you out every night" I started to think she was trying to make up for the years I bested her on the track. 

Her judgment became more direct, first with some dirty looks, then one morning after I had kissed a guy goodbye, who I'm 90% sure had a name that started with an "M" direct comments. Her wisdom that I needed to get my life together didn't go well. 

She had been dating a guy for a few months, and had would saying things like "when your are in a real relationship" and "you'll see how a mature relationship works". He was a bit uptight, but also very attractive. Tall with broad shoulders and piercing hazel eyes, I had been slightly jealous. Sarah seemed to really like him, and he was very polite and thoughtful, but I had a hunch that he wasn't very good in bed. Early in the relationship Sarah shared with me that he thought doggy style sex was kinky. 

One morning when she wasn't judging my actions from the night before she revealed that she finally got it out of him that his biggest fantasy was two girls at once. She knew it wasn't exactly a crazy Asian sex tour, but it was something. She wouldn't admit it but I could tell she wanted to spice up their sex life. She was probably getting bored. 

A few weeks later I was still whoring it up. She was trying to figure out what she would do for his birthday. Despite her success, money was very tight for us both, we were still trying to figure out how much more furniture we needed for our living room not be embarrassing. We had box springs under our mattresses but no bed frames. We were still getting this adult thing figured out. 

We were sitting at dinner, I remember it was a Thursday and we both got paid the next day so we were eating grilled cheese. That's when she told me what she wanted to do for his birthday. She didn't ask, she didn't hint at it, she didn't say "hey this is crazy but what would you think about..." 

Just "hey I want you to suck his dick with me for his birthday". I was kind of pissed at the assumption. 

Then she was upset at me for not just being like HELL YES! 

This was the problem, I wanted to. I had a feeling I was better at giving head then Sarah and wanted to show her up. She had been so condescending I wanted this chance. What better way to use all the recent practice I had been getting than to get some revenge for the sudden judgment she had been giving me. I wanted to make it so he thought of me whenever she was going down on him. Plus, what was a better way to get to be naked with a guy you thought was hot, but wouldn't want to date? Think about that friend of yours with the really hot significant other, wouldn't you want to try that out once? 

The fact that I thought some of the reason she wanted to do this was because she didn't have money for a normal gift was a bit of a draw back, I mean she was kind of turning me into a volunteer hooker, but I tried not to think about that too much. Eventually she said please so obviously I agreed.

The next weekend was the big night. They went out for dinner and left me just sitting at the apartment waiting for them. I was a mix of excited, nervous, and a little embarrassed. I was sitting by myself waiting for my friend to bring her guy home so I could help service him. Why was I doing this? Sure she had been a bit of a bitch to me, but was I really going to whore myself out because I might be able to make her jealous by giving her boyfriend his fantasy? I didn't even like him that much, and yes he was very hot, and I really wanted to see his cock, and yes I wanted to see how Sarah sucked on it, but this was all kind of weird! 

When I heard the car pull in I started to feel really nervous. Now that they were here, could I bail? I should have had a drink while they were gone. We hadn't even spoken about how this would go, should I just be waiting naked? Was there some chance she would back out? If she did want to back out would I let her? 

I hear them come into the house and he is telling the most boring story I have ever heard. I only heard about forty five seconds of it and I almost fell asleep. This is the guy whose dick was going into my mouth? I stay put in my room waiting to see what Sarah will do next. He finally stopped talking, and I think they may be making out. My stomach is starting to get that butterfly feeling as I await to see what will happen. 

Eventually Sarah tells him to wait a minute and I hear her coming down the hall. As she steps into my room I feel like an idiot, just sitting here waiting to find out what she wants me to do to her boyfriend. She steps into the room and gives me a tight lipped smile. I was probably being paranoid but it seemed like she was enjoying the moment of me sitting in my chair, looking up to her, waiting to hear what my task would be. 

Once she explained what she wanted I understood why she hadn't told me before. This really made me reconsider this idea, but she handed me my prop and left before I could really argue, it was too late to back out. I decided the only way to do this, was to own it, act confident and make sure he knew he was lucky to ever get this opportunity, and make Sarah question if this was a good idea. 

She left so I could get ready. I looked down at the plastic bow in my hand. It was blue, cheap, and all I was supposed to have on when I left this room in a few moments. It wasn't even supposed to be covering anything. 

I stood up and looked at myself in the mirror. Was this really what I was going to do? Was I really about to strip myself naked, put this bow on my head, and parade myself into my living room to be looked at, and eventually groped and used by my roommate's boyfriend? Fuck, why did he have to be so hot? Even if he was a bit more adventurous he probably would have asked for this, and then Sarah would have definitely said no. 

As I took my shirt off my nipples made it abundantly clear that yes, I was really going to do this, and I was probably going to like it. I looked at my small breasts and was amazed at how hard my nipples were, they seemed to be bulging from my chest. 

I took the rest of my clothes off and again looked at myself. I couldn't help but feel vulnerable, how would he react when I walked out? Would he jump me right away? Would he run his hands over me while Sarah watched? Would Sarah touch me? 

All Sarah was going to say is "It's time for your present" and then I was supposed to walk out with the bow on my head. I hoped that Sarah would be naked by then also I didn't want to be the only one undressed. 

I felt so silly trying to get the bow to balance on my head. It took me a moment to realize Sarah hadn't even bought a new one! This one looked like it had been on another present at some point, and it wouldn't stick to my hair. 

I finally was able to secure it to my head by wrapping a few hairs though it. As I looked at myself, my roommate's boyfriend's birthday present, I had such mixed feelings. I did not like pretending to be some kind of submissive toy to be used, I wasn't their shared dildo. On the other hand I was excited, I had never had sex with more than one person at a time, and the idea of being the prized object was also getting me pretty hot. 

I was snapped out of my self reflection when I heard Sarah give my cue. I step out of my room and the hallway felt cooler, if my nipples could have harden any further they would have. I take a few tentative steps and reach the end of the hall, my next move would lead me to full view of both of them. 

I heard his voice declare "Oh well you didn't need to get me anything, you shouldn't be spending money". 

Dear God, this fucking guy. Nothing sexier than preaching economic responsibility. However, Sarah's response might have been worse.

"Oh I didn't spend much but I think we're both going to enjoy this." She clearly expected me to put on a big performance. 

I peeked around the corner, and both of them were still dressed. Sarah was sitting on his lap, they had clearly been making out, maybe some groping, but I still felt slightly underdressed in comparison. 

Sarah calls for me again "OK, it's time for the present." She actually had the nerve to sound annoyed. 

Goosebumps cover my body, I would feel so much better without this stupid bow on my head. One more deep breath and I step beyond the wall that I had been hiding behind. 

He seems confused at first, he looked me over, but then glanced away and began apologizing. He didn't understand what was happening. Then he apologized to Sarah. I realized he thought I was just walking around naked, like maybe I didn't know he was there. 

I stood there, starting to feel overwhelming awkwardness. Sarah tries to calm him down "No, honey, remember when you told me you wanted to have a threesome, I'm giving you that."

I manage not to interject that I'm playing as much, if not more of a role in making that happen. He stares at her, clearly his brain has frozen at the thought. Sarah is rubbing his thigh, she might be brushing against his dick, but for some reason I felt hesitant to look. Sarah leaned in and begins kissing him. He looked so good. His hair was perfect, and his shirt was tight but not obnoxious. I don't usually love a beard but his is well maintained, and his body was lean and had a nice layer of muscle covering it. 

He is actively kissing her back, one of his hands goes to the back of her head, the other wraps around her waist. When the kiss breaks, he still seems hesitant to look away from Sarah. "I didn't want to make you feel like you had to do this Sarah, I'm more than fulfilled with you." 

Holy shit, this guy needs to keep his mouth shut. Sarah doesn't respond, she just moves his head towards me. "Look she has a bow on for you." The look on her face as she said that was definitely meant to let me know she thought I was a slut, and that she would never do this for me. 

He finally gives me his full attention. He looks into my eyes, and then glances up to the bow, however it doesn't take him long for his gaze to drop to my modest tits. They are significantly smaller than Sarah's and she is probably feeling very smug about that. His gaze slowly moves south and I can feel his eyes roam over my stomach and settle on my smooth, freshly shaved pussy. He kept his glare there, then his head shifted to the side and his mouth opened slightly, he looked fascinated. I shifted my feet apart so that he could see a little bit more of me. It was at this point that Sarah broke the silence. 

"Happy birthday babe." she cooed as she removed her shirt. She stripped the bra away from her softball sized tits quickly, making me feel somewhat inadequate by comparison. They kissed again, but this time his arms didn't wrap around her, one of them actually reached towards me. 

I moved across the room to join them, I ran my hand up Sarah's back and knelt in front of him. I pressed my palms onto his thighs. I could see the bulge in his pants from that angle. He put one hand on Sarah's chest, and reached forward towards mine. I repositioned myself so he is able to feel my nipple. He gropes at it as he continued to kiss my roommate. Sarah began to unbutton his shirt as I ran my hands up his legs, eventually getting to the lump that was growing in his left pant leg. It felt thick, and seemed to still be getting harder. 

Sarah glanced down and saw me rubbing her boyfriend's cock through his pants. For a moment she looked angry, like she hadn't considered what was really about to happen. She slid down his body and knelt next to me. We start to pull his pants down, and I realize he is shivering, he is so excited. Sarah finally realizes she is behind and pulls the rest of her clothes off. Her nipples are hard, and I am surprised to see she has a pretty thick bush, which makes sense for why he had stared at my bare pussy.  

His cock was twitching in front of us, it was only about six inches long but thicker than many of the cocks I had taken before. It was smooth, and I liked that, while some sex toys are veiny, I prefer a smoother organ with a thick head, and this fit my requirements. 

Sarah took advantage of my inspection and leaned into to get the first action. She put the head of his dick directly into her mouth and started a steady up and down rhythm. His eyes never left me. I wasn't overly impressed with her technique, it wasn't bad and she got most of his cock into her mouth but she seemed like she just wanted to get him to cum as fast as possible. 

I reach forward and took his balls into my hand. He gave his first gasp, even though Sarah had been working on him for a minute or so. Sarah lifts her head up and I move in to get my first mouth to cock action. I lean in, and put my tongue into the head of his throbbing cock. I look up at him, tilt my head to the left and lick down his shaft.

I work my way up and down with just my tongue on the side of his tool, now I'm also pushing my way to get right in front of him. When I put my lips on the head of his cock I make sure to look him right in the eyes. He looks excited and hungry. He wants it badly. I wonder if he had already jerked off thinking about this, I know he will now. Then I plunge it to the back of my throat. He moaned, loudly and enthusiastically. That did not make Sarah happy. I work my head up and down 4 or 5 times, then break for some air. Sarah dives in, trying to keep her territory. 

I let her as his eyes stay glued to me as I wipe some drool from the corners of my mouth. I loved that he was looking at me while his girlfriend blew him. 

Sarah glances up and sees that his hand is on my tits, they are small but he still liked my nipples. Hers are much bigger and she wants him to pay attention to her. 

She let his dick fall from her mouth and goes to kiss him. I took this as my opening and go back to work. 

I could see them making out as I bobbed up and down on his cock, it was pretty hot. I let one hand drift down to my pussy and I began playing with my clit as I worked his six inches back and forth. I think this is when Sarah realized he wanted his dick in my mouth over hers. She put her hands on my head. I never let guys do that, but if I stop now she will take my place. I wanted to make him think of me every time she sucked his dick. That's when the bow fell off my head. I had forgotten about it, and suddenly felt a bit silly again. 

"Look honey, your cock is making her so hot she has to play with herself. I'll bet she wishes she had a dick like yours every night." Sarah taunted me. I could feel my cheeks turn red, and I stopped touching myself. 

She starts pushing my head further and further down onto him. He's hitting my gag reflex, unfortunately I have one, and drool is running down my face. I hope he will remember how good this feels, and the little gagging noises I am making, and not her part in this. 

This is escalating quickly and I realize he's not gonna last much longer. 

He starts to groan and I get my face off of him and position myself for the cum shot. I want him to have that visual of me, covered in his cum. I knew Sarah didn't let guys do that, at least not often. 

She slides down next me, apparently not to be out done. I think she gave me a dirty look, I'm sure she was not happy about it ending like this, but I can't be sure as I was mainly looking up at the man I had just serviced. He didn't aim for her and I got the first shot across my cheek, nose and left eye, the second shot hits my open mouth and other cheek. Finally Sarah butts in and gets the last bit on her chin. 

I just sat there and let him soak it in. He had just cum all over his girlfriend's friend's face. 

He looked proud of himself. I don't know what "feeling like a man" really means, but the look on his face was what someone in a movie would look like if they were trying to show that emotion. 

Sarah had no idea what to do now. She clearly wanted me gone, and she hated even having a little cum on her, but she wasn't going to leave us together to get a towel. I waited her out. 

Finally she left. I would have sat there like that for an hour. Put a bow on my head and I'll model my cum covered face for your boyfriend till hes ready to go again. 

When she leaves I stand up. For a minute I think he's nervous I'm gonna kiss him and get cum on him. I stifle my annoyance, he hadn't exactly asked if this was OK, the act of ejaculating a cup worth of semen on me, I mean I kind of presented my face for him but still, don't act like you deserve to be able to do that to me but the idea some might transfer back to you is the most disgusting thing that could ever happen. I still want to "win" against Sarah though so I put his hand on my tit and say "I had fun" before walking away. I went back to my room and got cleaned up. 

I didn't get off that night, I was too busy trying to listen to what they were saying. 

He kept saying thank you over and over again, she kept trying to change the topic, but that can be tough to do when your boyfriend just had the best sexual experience of your life. Yes, I assumed he had just had the best blow job of his life. At one point he really did described it as mind blowing. He didn't exactly say that I was mind blowing but I choose to think that's what he meant. 

I think they broke up about a month later. I hope I had something to do with it. Sarah and I are still friends, we never talk about it though. That doesn't mean I don't drop his name into conversation every once in awhile though.