 Hello again readers. Welcome to another chapter of my erotic travels through Thailand. If you've joined me without reading the other segments, I'd suggest doing so for contextual reasons. Having said that, this is a standalone encounter, albeit with familiar characters. If you've read my other chapters, you'll be well versed by now on my abilities to give in to the temptations of another land and indulge in all kinds of sexual activity previously unimaginable. Public sex and exhibitionism, massage parlors, gay fucking, mature ladies, an international mix, and even a lesbian episode graphically recounted by a previous hook up. In this episode things get kinky, with the exhibitionism, lesbian and gay sex and rampant hedonism all combined in one messy group fuck. I hope you enjoy.

***

It had been an erotic morning. I'd sat for about half an hour listening to Megan graphically describe how she, a straight girl, had been seduced by a lesbian. It chimed with my own story of fucking a cute little gay guy, and I recounted this tale to her shock and pleasure. I guess at that point we'd both marked each other down as libertines of a sort, and things could only get freakier from here.

She'd hooked up with the most gorgeous, voluptuous black Texan girl and I of course hadn't got laid: they'd been too busy eating pussy to bother with me. But I was so attracted to them I ensured I found them later that evening.

'Hey girls, I'm just out for food, you wanna join?'

'Oh yeah! We're hungry, where you headed?'

'Dunno, just figured I'd look for some street food.'

So, I found myself walking around the town looking for street food with Megan and Chloe as the humid day turned to warm night. Interestingly, Megan walked between us and held both of our hands. I liked the implication!

We found ourselves a ramshackle little café and each ordered some pad Thai.

'I'm just going to the toilet,' Megan announced once we'd had a few sips of our Tigers. Chloe and I were alone and I opened my mouth to make small talk, not really knowing her well.

'So I guess you've heard about me fucking Megan, huh?' announced Chloe before I could get a word outta my mouth. I spat my beer out in surprise. I was NOT expecting that!

'Uhh,' I stumbled.

'Don't worry, I ain't gonna blush. I'm a big girl.'

'Yes, then, she did inform me. In quite some detail in fact.'

'I'll bet.'

'What do you mean?'

'Straight girls love to keep their little gay dalliances a secret from those they know well. But as soon as they're out of their home environment, like here, I find that they love to tell. Typically, prudish little hetero girls in school who had been secretly getting me to lick their pussies or even willingly becoming my sexual pet after class would go off to college and boast about their bisexual exploits, their open minded explorations. A kind of vain desire to shock mixed with a virtue signalling openness, I suppose. Anyway, when I found out that you two had fucked I knew that she would spill the beans. Which I'm cool with, it gives me some satisfaction to think she wants to tell someone so bad and also,' she paused. 'That you definitely got hard listening.'

'Well, that's quite some way of putting things.'

'So you don't deny that you were turned on?'

'Of course not. What'd be the point? I'm a straight dude listening to a graphic description of two hot girls, one straight one gay, fucking. It was wild!'

'I'm flattered you think I'm hot. Just one correction, though.'

'What's that?'

'I'm not totally gay.'

'You're not?'

'No. I predominantly sleep with women. And I only have relationships with them. But sexually I'm open to men from time to time. Nothing quite beats a big hard cock. I guess it's like the equivalent of you sleeping with a sexy young gay guy in every so often,' she winked. I blushed at this. I guess Megan really told everyone everything.

At this point Megan returned.

'What are you guys chatting so intently about?' she asked in her Aussie drawl.

'Fucking,' stated Chloe provocatively.

'Oh, fun!'

The conversation meandered in various directions after that. But we did return to the theme of sex regularly. We all detailed experiences and wild nights, trying to one up each other on things we'd done. I'd have to say that Chloe probably won: she seduced a married councillor at camp once and fucked her on a lake in a boat during a lunch break, including licking her ass and confiscating the woman's panties after, banning her from wearing underwear for the duration of her stay.

It was all very hot. I wondered if I would get to fuck while I was here at all. Megan was obviously having a good time with Chloe but as a straight woman she would return to cock soon enough.

We went out for some beers after that. Getting merry, we were all a little on top of each other. Chloe had her hands all over Megan's thighs. Then, at one point, the two kissed. It was hot. But even better, Megan then leaned over and sucked my face off. I wondered if Chloe would be jealous, but when I looked at her, she surprised me by leaning in and kissing me. Her lips were big and soft, her tongue the same. She was a great kisser and I could only imagine what her mouth did to women when she went between their thighs.

We all danced together. Hands were everywhere... Megan on Chloe, Chloe and Megan on me, me on Chloe and Megan... It was obvious what was going down. The first time I squeezed Chloe's ass I got an instance erection. She was wearing this tight little skirt and her giant buttocks just felt so bouncy. They were big, round, firm yet soft, just exactly what a man needs. And watching those two kiss was hot as well.

By midnight I was getting ready to bust a nut. These two girls were spilling outta their tops, their asses were tightly encased and their thick, sexy legs were on display. They were touching me, I was feeling all their good parts, and they were getting off in front of me. So I was pleased when Chloe suggested we go home. She was clearly taking the lead on this and I was sure the night wasn't ending here. I just prayed to God I'd get a proper threeway, see them fuck, have some pussy and finish the night with an orgasm. Then I'd be happy.

We left the club and stumbled home, Megan in the middle holding our hands. We were all a little drunk and laughing a lot, the sexual tension getting too much. I had a hard on the entire walk back.

Eventually we found ourselves getting to our room. We kept the light off as there was one other person in there, snoozing gently. We were too drunk to care and just giggled at the naughtiness of it. Then we all kissed, hungrily and sensually. The shoes came off, then Megan lifted her top off and shimmied outta her skirt. I stripped and so did Chloe. She turned around in her thong and bra, giant breasts heaving, and I watched her big ass sway as she walked to the nearest bed. I think it was mine.

I hopped in, completely naked, and was joined by Megan, who had also stripped totally. I remembered how hot her body was, and caressed her firm buttocks and squeezed her hard nipples. Chloe joined in this, putting her lips over the breasts and sucking. Megan was moaning at the joint attention. Chloe slipped a hand down to my tender penis and slowly massaged it, pumping up and down with deliberate caution.

When we'd made Megan's breasts slippery with our saliva, she repaid the favour. First she went down on me, sucking my cock. It brought back what a good little cock sucker she really was, very sloppy. Chloe watched. I kissed her and placed a hand on her soft stomach. Her skin was very smooth. I noted that she was still in her underwear and had not yet had her body pleasured... she was going to try and remain in control here, I assumed.

'Suck it!' I said to her, an order that I wanted to see if she'd comply with. She hesitated, then I saw her head go down. Her mass of thick, curly black hair obscured my view but I knew when she started. Her thick lips were perfect for blowjobs, and for a mostly lesbian woman she was good. She didn't do a lot of licking and nibbling or ball play, but her deep, soft, constant sucks up and down the length of my shaft were more than enough. I groaned in appreciation and caressed her ass, feeling its flesh where the thong was not for the first time. I gave it a playful slap.

This left me free to play with Megan's nipples and we kissed. What a combination of sensations I was experiencing! Chloe came back up for air, but immediate Megan kissed her. Chloe pushed her mouth down to her neck, which she lustily sucked. Her eyes were fixed on me and I knew at this point she was wanting her rare dose of cock. She'd seen the size of mine and wanted it all right. Well, who was I to refuse?

'Take your bra off.' She reached back and unhooked. Slowly letting it go, the giant breasts gradually came free, gravity trying to take them down slightly but fighting with the amazing buoyancy considering their size. The nipples were rock hard and firm. I put my hands to them and squeezed. I then suckled at the teet and was joined in this by Megan. Chloe started to moan softly. We were making her wet I was sure.

Her hands went down to her panties. She couldn't wait much longer. Looking me in the eye, as if to say 'you will fuck me when these come off' she yanked the thin material down. Megan removed them and put her head between Chloe's legs which she spread. Megan licked her pussy as I massaged her breasts.

'Please, I need that cock now, stud!' she whimpered. Megan moved back to allow me to squeeze in between Chloe's dark thighs. She was shaved. Her pussy was pink and slick with wet. She stared expectantly at me, checking out my cock as I placed it at her entrance.

I pushed in and felt that delicious familiar feeling of entering a woman for the first time, hearing her whimper, registering some slight resistance before the pussy opens up and lets the whole thing in. Within a few gentle pumps she was allowing me in completely. Behind me Megan squeezed up and rubbed her breasts on my back, her hands all over my ass.

I bent down to suck Chloe's nipples.

'How are you enjoying a big meaty man on top of you? Inside you?'

'Oh baby, more than you can imagine,' she whimpered, almost overcome but arousal. Megan went to the side and started to suck her tits. It was a very erotic sight.

'Oh sugar,' moaned Chloe. 'I think I'm cumming!' And cum she did. Her pussy tightened like I've never felt and I had to work hard to stave off my own orgasm. When she came round she smiled.

'Enjoy that cock?'

'I sure did baby. Give me a minute to catch my breath then let me get some more of that good old pussy again.'

I obliged her and so did Megan. They swapped positions and I quickly entered, noting that I was using Chloe's pussy juices as lubricant to enter Megan. Hot!

'Aw yeah, fuck me you Yank stud! Gimme that big cock!' she said, not one to be outdone by anyone in the daring department. I slid in and resumed where I'd finished with Chloe. She made a bit of a noise and Chloe had to start kissing her to ensure that the guy in the other bed didn't wake. He must have been a heavy sleeper! It was about one in the morning and I assumed he must have drunk a lot because we were making quite a racket.

I pumped harder and harder until I couldn't stave it off any longer.

'I'm gonna cum, Megan!'

'OK, I want you to cum all over this lesbian.' Chloe seemed OK with it and positioned herself on her back. It was interesting all these little power plays.

Megan started to jerk me with one hand, her other hand caressing my butt. Suddenly she slipped a finger in my asshole, slick with Chloe's pussy juices. I didn't mind. Chloe's soft hands went to my balls and they both milked me the best they could, offering dirty words of encouragement. With the utter abundance of sensations I let go. I came all over Chloe. I watched the first spurt shoot onto her face, then the bucket loads of cum stream onto her body. It was made all the more visible by her chocolate coloured skin.

They slowed and I caught my breath. We all giggled at the eroticism of the moment. Two of us had now had orgasms and were feeling pretty good. The third was buzzed because she hadn't yet cum. Megan was still super charged and horny, which is why I guess she reacted to a cum soaked Chloe as she did: bending down, she proceeded to lick all of my juice off of her body. Hot! I'd never witnessed anything like it, and I doubt you have either, dear reader. It's a sight that will stay with me for quite some time.

She shuffled down and started eating Chloe's pussy in earnest, my cum still on her lips. Thankfully Chloe was on the pill (oddly for a lesbian but I guess she was anticipating some male action during her stay). I got in on the action and dove down. Megan and I were both licking Chloe's intimate area, a very sexy place to be. She had such a sweet tasting pussy! Our hands were all over her breasts and body too.

Then we introduced a couple of fingers, massing her clit and fingering her hole. By this point she was breathing heavily again and moaning our names. After around 15 minutes of rug munching the Texan gripped our head and came hard.

'Did you enjoy that you big lesbo?' laughed Megan.

'Mmm, sure did sugar. How did you enjoy eating my wet gay pussy you straight girl?' Chloe shot back.

'A lot. And I'm not done yet. Turn over and give me that magnificent big ass.'

'You got it, sister.' Chloe got on all fours and I marvelled at the huge buttocks. Such a smooth, dark ass. Megan clearly agreed because she stuck her mouth straight between the cheeks and started to eat her ass. I rubbed her soft butt as I watched.

'Come here, boy,' cooed Chloe in between moans of pleasure. 'I ain't done with that cock. I wanna taste it again.' So I happily did as she asked and sat in front of her. Her big lips wrapped around my largely flaccid cock. She sucked with such hunger and with such a comfortable wet mouth I felt my penis twitching back to firmness. I was gonna cum again that night!

We continued for a while like this is relative quiet. When I decided I wanted more, I asked Chloe if she liked things in her ass. She said she did, but it had been a while.

'Go slowly. I haven't had a toy in there for half a year, and a real cock for about three.'

'I'll be gentle,' I promised. I switched positions with Megan, who got her pussy eaten. I finger her, careful to take her own juices, and placed by penis at her tight hole. It took a while to enter, but when I did, it sure was worth it.

At some point I heard rustling. There seemed to be only one other bed in use, a lower bunk, and the thin sheet was slowly down. I mean, it was inevitable really... Three people fucking won't stay quiet for long. I just hoped that the occupant didn't go and tell the hostel staff. We'd clearly woken him up at long last.

It was dark in the room as the light were out (it was the middle of the night), but the moonlight was streaming in the open window so I could make things out. A man's head popped up and stared. He didn't move though, no doubt because seeing two girls having sex from his own bed was a pretty rare and erotic occurrence.

The, the sheet was pushed down completely and the man shook a woman in the bed next to him. I supposed that they were a couple but wanted to sleep together rather than in different bunks. Anyway, she awoke and I saw him gesture towards us. Now at this point Chloe and Megan hadn't seen this. Megan's eyes were closed, enjoying receiving such skilled head, and Chloe had Megan's thighs around her face.

The woman woke and looked over. Her silhouette looked over at her other half and then they both looked back. So, they liked what they were seeing. I decided to dive back in, joining the tangle of limbs that the girls had arranged and sucked any breast I could get my mouth on.

When I looked over at the couple again, I could make out that she was jerking him off, and his arm was draped around her neck with a hand fondling her titties. Mm, this was getting kinky. Time for a bit of a performance.

'OK Megan,' I said. 'Your turn to get fucked!' she squealed in joy and swapped with Chloe. Chloe was above her, and she spread her legs so Megan could eat her pussy. I positioned myself behind and slipped my hard cock into her dripping entrance. I rhythmically thrust, enjoying the view in front of me of two naked chicks and a whole lot of lesbo action.

The woman moaned and Megan and Chloe both turned, clocking that they now had an audience. They both smiled.

'Mmm,' said Chloe. 'You better start eating that pussy like you're in a movie, honey.' I could see the moisture from her pussy dripping down her dark brown thighs. The woman moaned increasingly loudly for the next five minutes and I was fairly sure that her boyfriend was fingering her as well as playing with her nipples.

The man got up. We paused and looked up.

'Guys, sorry, you don't mind if ve svitch on ze lights do you?' he asked in a German or Austrian accent. 'I mean, we're ze only ones here and I guess there's not pretending ve're not all fucking, ja?' he chuckled. We laughed too.

'Sure,' we all said, quite enthusiastically. This would be interesting. The switch was flicked and the room was suddenly bright. Once I'd adjusted, I looked at his girlfriend. She was staring straight at me, smiling boldly, and playing with herself between her opened legs. She had blonde hair and an athletic body with medium breasts and muscular thighs and stomach. She was typically Nordic in appearance. Her boyfriend joined her in bed, his sizeable erection in hand, and he wasted no time in slipping into her.

We three watched in a daze for thirty second as he administered a hard fucking. The girlfriend moaned loudly.

'Ja! Hans! Ja!' she cried. We got back to our fucking and I split by attention between the lesbian action, the unknown couple and my own penis entering Megan beneath her large ass. It was quite a collection on sights.

I fucked Megan and the guy fucked his girlfriend. Megan was licking Chloe's pussy so well that Chloe was making a lot of noise. She was playing with her tits, quite roughly and firmly, and in now time had a screaming orgasm all over the Australian's face.

Soon I could feel the pressure.

'Fuck, I'm gonna cum soon!'

'Cum all over my big Aussie ass you stud!'

I withdraw and pumped my creamy mess all over her butt and back. Some actually sprayed over her head and hit Chloe in the face. She looked stunned but then smiled devilishly.

Then the woman wailed, and had what I supposed what a substantial orgasm. She was shouting all manner of things in German, and then he let out a large guttural cry and came too.

We all lay there panting and sweaty. The only sound was that of heavy breathing. I laughed at the situation, then Megan did, then Chloe and the couple. We all looked at each other.

'Zat was fun, ja?' said the guy.

'Sure was! Yeah! Definitely!' we all agreed. He got up and went to the bathroom, his large flaccid penis swinging as he went, something which caught the attention of the girls in my bed. He switched the light off on our return and Megan and Chloe got into their own beds.

I'd started out the night not expecting to fuck anyone. But the list of people involved got longer and longer with every passing hour. It had been quite the experience.

***

I awoke from a deep slumber as light streamed through the window. I checked my phone. Jeez, midday. Still, I'd needed it after last night. I felt a bit groggy from the booze but I reckoned all the physical activity of the threesome and the sweating that had gone with it probably mitigated the worst of it.

I opened my eyes to see someone standing up, rummaging through a bag. At first I thought it was the boyfriend, but I realized it was a new person. A young man with his back turned to me. My bladder was full so I got up and went to the en suite bathroom. The guy looked around and I said her, but he had a shocked look on his face. That's when it dawned on me that I was stark naked. I had gotten so used to being naked in front of people in this room that I hadn't thought to cover myself up.
