 The young woman's wide mouth enveloped my cock. She hadn't struggled a bit. She knew what she was doing and I could feel her throat clasping onto the head of my dick as she took the whole fucking thing. I had resisted but she was insistent. There was nothing I could do but lay back and let it happen. 

Tara was a long tall perfect specimen of the female form. She was nearly six feet tall, had a BMI under ten, and had long strong legs that allowed her to slice through the water. Despite her white father she was my black girl. I had spent all year watching her perfect body move around the pool, her muscles taunting me. I had her now in my bed. I'm not one to ever turn down a blowjob but I wanted to touch her and lying between my legs, it seemed a waste. I could see her ass, her marvelously round ass just over the top of her curly brown hair. She was teasing me, looking up at me as she sucked me. I didn't think the torture could be worse. I was wrong.

The hotel room phone was painfully loud as it rang and we both jumped at the sound. "Don't get that." She told me, rising to her knees. Fuck, look at those tits. 

I answered it anyway. The front desk asked if room 314 was part of my party. It was. We had come to town for Junior College nationals. We had been dominant. My girls were enjoying themselves and their huge win. Apparently they were being too loud for almost midnight. I told the man on the phone I would take care of it.

"Who's in 314? I asked Tara?"

"Ashlay and Courtney. It's Ashlay's Birthday party." As if they needed something else to celebrate, Ashlay, my youngest swimmer, was also 18 today. "I'll go with you."

I was suddenly morose. I knew I wouldn't get Tara back to my room. Fuck. I pulled on shorts and my coach's shirt. I tugged on my cap and Tara pulled her small dress over her body. It was hard to imagine she could look more alluring than she had naked in my bed but the bold black and white pattern of her skin tight dress was why I had consented in the first place. Fuck. I kissed her before we slipped out of the room. Her tongue filled my mouth. Fuck.

She grabbed my cock in the elevator, just to torment me. We walked down the hall on the third floor to the end. I actually didn't hear anything. I expected giggling at least. The girls were either asleep or giggling. I had coached women's swimming for 16 years. There was always giggling. I knocked quietly.

I heard voices and then the door lock. I small blonde head appeared. Ashlay was so adorable that she had never even been a temptation. Not like the tall dark 24 year-old standing behind me.

"Oh good. You came." The girl said. She opened the door the rest of the way. Her tiny body was covered only in a pink and white-striped bra and bikini briefs. 

You aren't going to believe this but I have seen my girls like this before. You do your best to keep separation from your team. You have to. But things happen on the road and at meets. This wasn't unusual. I suspected the party had just gotten out of hand. The girls would get dressed and I would go back to bed. She pulled me into the room. Tara followed. Inside were all ten of my girls. Most were in bras and panties like Ashlay. Cassandra, over six foot tall and only 105 pounds wore only panties. She didn't have much need of a bra. They were the smallest panties I had ever seen. Ashley led me by my hand and brought me to a chair that was positioned between the beds.

Raylan, our team captain rose from the bed. She was the curviest of the girls. Broad shoulders accented her large breasts and hips she had a thick mop of curly blonde hair that she seldom took the time to fix properly. She had a wild hippie look to her that if I met her outside of my professional duties I would find irresistible.

"Coach," she began. We made a pact at district. I don't know if you heard or not, but Cassandra was the last. She signed her letter of intent this afternoon."

It is a big deal for a Junior College Coach, like any coach, to win the National Championship. The JuCo championship is a little like kissing your sister though. If the athletes were that good, they would be at major colleges. "Did you get Southern Cal?" I asked her.

"Southern California, or USC. You don't say Southern Cal." The long tall woman came to me. She rested down on her knees in front of me. "It wouldn't have happened without you coach." It was merciless the way the young woman sat there, her hands on my thighs. 

Raylan went on. We knew, if we all got in we had to do something for you. We didn't want to get a stupid plaque or something. We wanted something really different. This is our thank you, coach."

"Wait, Tara?" I turned to her. Tara had always been special. She had gone to the Olympics as an alternate out of high school but family issues kept her from going to college. I had found her swimming at the YMCA. She was 24 but had all five years of eligibility. 

"Arizona. I wasn't going to tell you till after..."

"After what?" giggled the busty captain. She stuck out a hip as she said it, flashing the attitude that made her a leader.

"Lets just say, y'all ruint it. Okay?" she giggled back.

"Come here, coach." Said Charlotte. She tugged my hand until I stood. Her head was at that level where I couldn't help but imagine her mouth on my cock. 

She tugged open my shorts. I was hard, how could I not be. "Stop," I told her, but it was no use. She had me. Her mouth was much smaller than Tara's and she couldn't get more than half of me in but she worked her tongue on my head for a minute before letting me loose. 

"Shit. It's fat."

"Seriously, girls. You can't."

"Lie down, coach." Raylan said. She pulled my shirt off and my cap tumbled off with it. She laid me down on the bed.

"No one will say anything. That's why we're all here." She released her bra and perfectly round tits fell free. I think I drooled just looking at them. Raylan kissed me. My little brunette backstroke specialist was next. She bobbed up and down unnecessarily but its not like I was going to complain.

Suddenly flesh was everywhere. I couldn't know who was on my cock as the lips of my team continually assaulted my mouth blocking my view. I loved the way each girl kissed me differently. Charlotte, her thin lips delicately parting gave small kisses as if she had little experience. Rosalyn, my German, kissed powerfully, her tongue pressing my mouth open. Rosalyn was sucking the life out of me like some beautiful Bavarian succubus when it happened. I couldn't stop it. The girl between my legs squealed as I came. 

"Shit, Mickie." It's just cum. Mickie had run scurrying for the bathroom. "Come on coach, you got more for us?" Jennifer didn't even let it finish but swallowed my cock. I growled as she sucked my overly sensitive head. She milked my balls. When I was 18 the girls my age weren't like this. It was all we could do to get our hands up their shirts. My girls though, they sucked like porn stars.

"Only four more coach. Come on now, hang in there," said Raylan. Another woman had my cock. 

"Stacey? I thought you were... " She sucked my cock like she was eating a polish sausage. I felt her teeth drag along my shaft and I tried to rise up. Raylan and Charlotte were right there though and pushed me down.

I felt my hand pulled away from the bed and looking over at Charlotte she pressed it between her legs. I felt the tiny panties, nothing more then a string of material pressed between moist lips. "Please coach?" What the fuck was I supposed to do? I tried to find her clit but she pressed my fingers inside of her. She rocked her hips. 

"Ugh, that's it. I need a pussy. I was surprised to see my sweet little Ashlay take Stacey to the other bed. She cupped the woman's head between her thin lovely thighs and pulled her to her. I watched her tiny little girl feet curl around the woman's back and she gulped and squealed.

"Only one more, Coach, you okay?" she didn't let me answer. Raylan pressed her lips to mine and kissed me. She was spectacular, her lips were soft and wet. Her tongue teased me. My hand found her prefect breast and I teased her nipple. She hummed as we kissed. I heard Tara below me. I had to break the kiss to watch her. She pulled the small dress off her body in one long smooth motion.

"I've already had a taste of it." She reached down and took me in her hand. I felt her stroking me, then felt the tug and pinch of the condom she rolled onto me. She mounted me in a single motion and then was moving. She moved forward and backward, wrenching my cock. It was delicious and I was torn between watching and again kissing Raylan's sweet lips. The lips won. I held out as long as I could but with Charlotte moaning as I fingered her and Raylan's tongue in my mouth it was a futile effort and I came. Tara did her best to fuck me as long as she could but I was spent and she moved off of me.

It had already been too much. I was on sensory overload. I think some of the team had left but it was hard to tell. I knew Raylan and Charlotte were in the bed beside me. Charlotte still hadn't released my fingers from her twat and I focused on her, running my fingers in and out of her. She was close when I saw the small hands, the nails a bright pink, reach around from behind her. They went for her breasts, small, barely breasts at all, and took her nipples, the hands pinched them firmly and Charlotte cried out briefly. I felt her pussy tighten on my hand as her body shuddered and pressed firmly, getting my fingers deep into her wetness as she came. 

"Move down, coach." I was instructed. I didn't have a fucking clue who it was anymore but I moved down. I guess she needed my head further from the headboard because she swung her thigh over my head. "I want to come too coach. Can you make me come?"

She fucked my face, her muscular thighs working her cunt against my chin and tongue. I had to gasp for breath. I felt hands on my cock again, hands on my balls, and then a mouth that I knew was Raylan's. A woman's hand slid down her ass and stabbed me in the nose briefly before slipping into Raylan's wet hole. I licked at her clit and the fingers worked at her cunt and from the sounds and the vibrations of her moans on my dick I knew it was her mouth that sucked my cock. It hurt. Christ my cock hurt but I didn't care. I licked with a fury until the woman's body was bouncing over me. I reached around her. My arms hugged her body down onto mine, pulling her twat to my mouth and pressing her head down onto my cock. I wanted to come with her but it wasn't happening. We were torturing her now, my tongue and whoevers hand it was. She took it, moaning with a dick pressed into her throat. I wanted to keep her there but she was a strong woman, they all were. She forced herself out of my grasp. 

I watched the long lean redhead roll a condom on me. I was hard again, from the 69 and now my Charlotte fucked me. She was gentle and moved slowly on top of me like the soft-core porn on the hotel TV. I watched a blonde head move between us, biting and pinching at her little nipples. I wanted her nipples. Shit, there was just so much, I couldn't get it all. Charlotte came again. I think she liked the nipple play. It struck me how much fun it would be to introduce her sensitive tits to nipple clamps. She released me. I suddenly seemed to be alone on the bed and just laid there, my arms and legs motionless regaining some sort of composure. 

"You did not heart attack, did you?" Roseline, my precious little German asked. She slipped in beside me. "Raylan thought you needed to drink something. Tara and her haf gone to get beer. Would you like a beer?"

"God yes."

"Would you like my breasts?" she asked. I rolled to look at her. She had large breasts for an athlete and yes. Yes I wanted them. "Yes."

"Would you like my pussy?" Christ these girls were limber. She pulled her leg, extended straight, all the way along her tight body until her foot was extended over her head.

"Yes." I said. I moved my whole body and was surprised I wasn't more tired. She twisted further until on her back, her legs were open and extended on either side of her head; a perfect pink pussy spread open in front of me. I buried my face and fingers in her starting slowly and then as she began to moan, fucked her more quickly. She urged me on, barking things "Auf Deutsch." 

"I said fuck me, can you fuck my sweet pussy?" she asked firmly, more a command than a question.

At best I figured it would be like pushing rope but feeling between my legs I was surprisingly firm. 10 perfectly sculpted twenty year olds will do that for you. 

"Where... where are the?"

"No. Fuck dat. I am safe. Something something German." She said. I took her, my cock sliding into her well-primed hole. She didn't just kiss me as I fucked her but wrapped her strong hands around my head and fucking licked my face, cleaning me of her juices. Fucking kinky, those Germans are. I didn't expect much out of my over-fucked cock but the licking and the fucking, her tits pressed up towards me between her knees and her ankles on either side of my cheeks had inspired another full load for her. As I came I felt myself pulsing inside of her. She whooped and moaned. I came more, seriously, what the fuck? I let it subside and collapsed off of her as the door opened. She looked me in the eyes as she pressed her finger into her sticky just fucked cunt covering it in our juices. She licked it off slowly, raising her eyebrows at me.

"Shit Roz. Did you use him up?"

"I sink maybe yes." The woman said before kissing me deeply, her tongue salty with cum. Fucking kinky ass Germans.

"Beer?" Raylan, Charlotte and Tara were back. Raylan handed me a Bud Light. I'm not a bud light drinker but I wasn't going to complain. 

"The lesbos passed out," said Charlotte, pointing at the other bed. I hadn't even realized they were there. Stacey I knew. Molly was a surprise. Ashlay, my poor sweet little girl was a total shock.

"Fuck you," said Stacey. "We come harder. It's a scientific fact." She was like the alpha dog, the other two girls curled up in her arms.

"Girls..." I was coming to my senses. "I don't want to seem like I don't appreciate this and all..."

"Coach, just stop." Raylan said.

"We should really go to sleep." Resist, goddmnit. Resist.

"Yes. Go to sleep somewhere else," insisted Stacy from the other bed. I think she was only half joking.

"You girls need to get to your rooms."

"You know that's not happening, right?" Raylan pointed out. "Get dressed."

"He has a big old bed in his room." Tara smiled at me. She seemed to be asserting some sort of ownership, pointing out she already had seen my own private room.

We slipped out of the room quietly. I carried the 12 pack of beer. If we were caught I could argue that the hotel had called me. Their punishment would be swift and firm, I would say. We rode the elevator back up to the sixth floor and the girls slipped quietly into my room. It was going to be a long night.