 Well, a little about me first. I'm curious as hell, but my sexual experiences have been extremely limited. Since I was 13 or so I've struggled with weight. I haven't weighed below 220 since I was about 10 or so. But with my new job, a lot of physical activity is required. I am now down to 185 to 190. It's still not great, and I still struggle, but it gets me a little bit more looks from women than complete ignorance these days. I have never figured out what my type of girl was. I've had several girlfriends and a couple of sexual partners, but mostly, my sex life has been kind of blah. I do go clubbing and once in a while I meet someone nice and we talk, but it never goes beyond that.

On the Wednesday before Thanksgiving, we were released and I stayed behind a little while to get some stuff done. A couple of co-workers needed a ride to the Sacramento airport. I was needing a time off from the goings on in Central California so I told them I would drop them there and stay the weekend in Sacramento so I could pick them up again on Sunday. So Wednesday night, I check into a hotel in Sacramento, alone. It was kind of boring until I met two female and 1 male flight attendants. They were in town for the weekend and around my age, so I spent most of the weekend with them. We mostly had Thanksgiving dinner together at Marie Callender's and hung out in the bar in the hotel at night. I thought one of the flight attendants was cute but nothing ever came of it.

While at the bar/dance club in the hotel, they would dance and I would watch. Since I spent most of my life as a musician, I never really danced. I usually played while someone else danced. Finally, after three days at the hotel, and many injuries to my pride for my shyness, I saw two girls on the dance floor on that Saturday night. Both of them were blonde. One was about 6 feet tall and kinda heavy, but she had very large breasts. The other one was perfect. Blonde hair, about 65 inches, medium breasts, about 130 pounds. They returned my gaze often. Sometimes I could feel their eyes on me and when I turned around, they jerked their heads away. They were dancing with each other, very provocatively. I felt that the whole gaze game should come to a startling conclusion and I had had enough Coronas at the bar to muster up enough courage. So I went onto the dance floor. 

They guided me in between them. I felt like I was the meat of the luckiest sandwich on Earth. The taller girl's breasts were right there in my face while the smaller girl danced behind me. She would squat down behind me putting her hands on my legs and guiding them up my legs to the what must have been the most humongous bulge in my pants. She did that many times and then turned around. We were back to back for a while with the taller girl up against me in the front and the smaller girl behind me. 

The dancing went on forever, at least 2 hours. Finally the shorter girl turned to me and asked me what I wanted. I didn't know what she meant until she squatted down and bit the bulge in my pants with her mouth. Damn, I was really aroused at that point. I was confused. I didn't know what to say. I stuttered every word and reverted to my usual awkward state. But the girl put it into my mouth. She smiled and then said, "You wanna fuck me don't you?" 

I regained my confidence and said, "Yes I do, but I also want to fuck her."

She cocked her head a little in understanding and said, "Not a problem, got a room in the hotel?"

It wasn't long until both of them were in the room with me. The experience was like a dream. It was something new, yet I knew what to do. I let the girls control the moment until they lost their ideas of what to do. The taller once began to kiss me, almost right off the bat. The other one (who I will call girl number 2) started unzipping my pants. She had my pants down and off totally exposing my dick. It was hard, and definitely willing. I wanted both of them so bad. I undid the buttons on girl number 1's sweater and exposed her braless breasts. They were huge, and surprisingly perky. Usually when a girl has breasts like these, they almost face the floor. Her breasts did not. They were definitely real though, no scars and the consistency was great. I'm not a breast man though, so I began undoing girl number 1's pants. Meanwhile, girl number 2 had moved herself between me and the other girl and began work on my cock. She licked it on the outside of the shaft, very hard. It was hard to stand. I thought I was going to cum right there, but I got girl number 1's pants off and concentrated on her pussy. Because I had to do this, I pushed her to the bed. Suddenly, girl number 1 was sitting on my face with girl number 2 still working on my cock. It was like a gift from God. 

Guys usually hate oral sex. They despise it. Not me, I can do it for hours. Usually by the time I'm done, I'm pretty dizzy though. No matter, watching a woman cum is enough to make me cum, and it's definitely more exciting than some other sex acts. Especially if a girl gets wet at climax like this girl did. It must have been at it for 20 minutes before this girl finally hit the squirting point. When she did it was amazing. She had to get off of me in order to cum. She was convulsing with the thunder. When she did, the other girl stopped on my balls and moved up to kiss me. She finally took my shirt off too. I removed her shirt and her bra. I undid her pants also while she was kissing me. After a couple of minutes of that, girl number 1 began licking my cock. She had a different technique. She was deep throating it and I could feel my head hit the back of her mouth. She was good, and obviously very experienced. Meanwhile, I motioned for girl 2 to sit on my face. I licked her pussy for a very short time and then she began to squeal. It was loud, and kind of high-pitched. With one girl working on my cock with her mouth and the other girl squealing as I ate her out, it was getting hard for me to contain myself. I maneuvered myself away from both of them for a second.

But just a second. Girl 2 was the gorgeous one. If I were to imagine the girl I would fuck forever it would have been her. Knowing that, I wanted to save her for last. I leaned forward and guided girl 1 onto her back. I pressed up her legs so that they were positioned on my shoulders. After that, I began to fuck her. I started slow, but she already started moaning. I was beginning to imagine just how turned-on she was. What was really cool about the tall girl number 1 was that I could tell when she was about to cum. The lips on her pussy tightened up really, really strong when she was close. When I felt this on my cock, I slowed down and only inserted the cock tip deep for a while. While I was busy fucking girl number 1 girl 2 was massaging her clit at the same time. It was hard to keep from cumming just from watching that! But I persisted. After a long time inside girl 1, she fought me off. Her pussy couldn't take much more of it. 

So, I turned to girl 2. "Your turn." 

I started quickly with this one. She was hot and sweaty already and she squirmed a lot when I fucked her. She kept letting out this heavenly squeal that made me want to fuck her harder. When the squeals got louder, I slowed down and only inserted the cock tip-deep to tease her. After about 20 minutes, girl 1 was back in the game. She licked girl 2's pussy as I put my cock in her. It felt amazing as girl 2 got wetter and wetter. After a while, I leaned over as I fucked her and began to lightly bite her nipples. I licked around them after I bit them slowly. They got bigger and bigger. Finally, girl 2 pushed me over on my back.

She rode me hard. It was fast, and it was amazing. After about 20 minutes, I came, hard, inside of her. That was only one of many.

Despite what some guys say, cumming once does not mean you are done. In this case, two women coming onto me like this was enough to bring back my arousal soon after I came. I just spent the time in between giving one or more of them oral sex. This sequence went on for two to three hours before finally, we all practically collapsed.

I awoke at 6 Am. It was time to leave Sacramento. My two companions who had fallen asleep along my chest had let themselves out. I left Sacramento that day after doing something that I had never done before and I felt something about myself that I had never felt. It was a sort of confidence. I don't know if this type of situation will ever happen to me again, but it was the time of my life. In one night, almost every fantasy I have ever had, came true.