 I had been up at my cabin by the lake for a couple of days now relaxing and doing some writing. Usually, I come up for a couple of weeks just to unwind and reminisce.

My name is John. I am forty-five, 5'10", 175, s/p hair and hazel eyes. I have been a widower now for almost two years. I lost my wife in a car accident 23 months ago. We never had any children, thank goodness but I do get lonely every now and then, so I come up to the cabin just to sort things out.

The cabin is off the main road and is pretty secluded. I have a dock on the lake for my boat. The cabin has two bedrooms, kitchen, den and a modern bathroom. It even has an outside shower in the back of the house and a screened in patio with a great view of the lake. My late wife loved coming up here to relax and enjoy each other's company.

I only have a radio to keep me company. I leave my cell phone at home so there are no distractions.

This one day, I heard on the radio that we might be getting a big summer storm. So, I hauled my ass down to the local general store for provisions that would get me through the next couple of days.

When I got back to the cabin, I put all my groceries away, brought in a lot of extra firewood, secured my boat and prepared for the storm.

I had plenty of batteries, an emergency generator and felt that I was prepared enough for the Storm, no matter how long it lasted.

The next day, the winds picked up and the rain started coming down. 

The radio said that the storm would be getting worse and not to go out. Every now and then the lights would flicker but I was prepared so I didn't worry.

By nightfall, the storm intensified and I lost power but my generator kicked in and I again had power.

At around midnight I headed off to bed. One great thing about being at the cabin was that I could walk around naked and even go outside naked and not worry about being seen.

I left one of my lights on n case I got up during the night.

Even with the storm's thunder and lightning, I fell asleep quickly.

I don't know how, but I woke up with banging on the front door. Without thinking, I got up and headed to the door when I heard a person yelling out if there was anyone here.

I asked who was there and a woman answered, asking to come in.

Instinctively, I opened the door as the rain was pounding the cabin, without realizing I was naked.

The woman came in, dragging her daughter with her. As they entered, I realized I was nude and grabbed a handy towel and covered up before they noticed.

Although they looked like drowned rats, I could see they both had great bodies. I figured the older one was about 35 and the younger one, about 18.

The woman, whose name was Jane, told me that her and her 19 year old daughter, Cathy, got stranded in the storm and their car broke down and that they saw the light from down the road and took a chance on coming up.

She told me that the only bridge in and out of the area was washed out and they could not go home.

I excused myself to go put some clothes on.

They were both soaked and I told them to take off their clothes and that they could change in the spare bedroom. I told them that I had some clothes they could put on.

I brought out some of my late wife's clothes for them to put on and handed them to the strangers.

After they changed into the dry clothes, I made some coffee for the travelers and we sat in the kitchen.

Jane said that they were going to a friend's place but the storm changed things for them. She said that the bridge washed out and their car died on them. Then they saw the light in my window and hoped someone was home. Jane then said they left their belongings in the car and walked up to the house.

I told them they could stay here until the storm was over. I pointed to the spare bedroom and told them they could sleep there.

I also told them that I had no bedclothes for them because my wife never used them at the cabin.

Jane said they understood and it wouldn't be a problem for them.

Jane and Cathy smiled and headed off to the bedroom and I headed to mine.

At around 5:00 a.m., I heard noises from the guest bedroom and went to investigate. As I got closer, I could hear feint moaning and peaked into the bedroom. There were Jane and Cathy naked, having sex. I watched a bit, then quietly left.

I never did fall back to sleep again and by 7:00 a.m. I was making coffee and getting breakfast ready. This time I was dressed.

At 8:00 a.m. the storm was still roaring so I knew my guests weren't going anywhere for awhile.

I went to their door and knocked and told them I had breakfast ready if they wanted some.

Jane came out first. She put on a pair of my wife's shorts and a t-shirt. I noticed she had no bra on but didn't say anything.

Cathy followed and had on a pair of sweat pants and a tank top with no bra on.

I asked them if they slept ok and they both nodded yes.

The three of us enjoyed the breakfast as we chatted. I told them my story and then Jane started telling me theirs.

She said that she has been divorced for a few years now and that she and Cathy were going to visit her friends. She also thanked me for putting them up and the clothes.

I apologized to them for not having bed clothes but Cathy said that it was ok since they didn't wear them anyway. Jane interrupted her and told me that they are nudists and don't usually wear any when they are home.

I told them that if they felt more comfortable being naked it would be fine with me. I then told them that when they first banged on the door, I was already naked. Jane looked at me and said she and Cathy knew and saw and smiled.

I must have turned red as she and Cathy started laughing. Then Jane said that if I wanted to be naked, they wouldn't have a problem with it.

Then Jane said that she liked what she saw and wouldn't mind seeing it again. She and Cathy laughed.

After breakfast, the women showered and decided to stay undressed. I followed them and showered and I felt this could be as great opportunity for me and decided to stay naked as well.

When I came out of the bathroom, mom and daughter were sitting naked in the den. As I walked toward them, I could feel my cock swaying back and forth.

The women saw me and gave me a smile and said I looked great. As they said it, my cock started to get hard as I knew it would once I saw them naked.

Jane had a nice, slim figure. She had big tits and erect nipples. Her pussy was completely smooth. Cathy had smaller tits but bigger nipples and she had a landing strip over her slit.

They called me over and made me sit between them. As soon as I sat down, Jane kissed me. Then Cathy started playing with my cock. In no time at all my cock was rock hard.

My hands were all over Jane as I played with her tits while my tongue was deep in her mouth. I could feel wetness on my cock and looked down as my cock was completely in Cathy's mouth.

I pulled back from Jane and told them they didn't have to do this but Jane said they wanted to show their appreciation for helping them.

I asked them if they would like to go to the bedroom where it would be better. We got up and headed to my bedroom. 

I got on the bed and the women got on either side of me. As I kissed one, the other played with my cock and balls.

Jane straddled me and impaled her cunt on my cock until it was completely in her. Once it was in, she started riding me.

In the meantime, Cathy and I were kissing. I sucked one nipple then the other. Then she lifted her head up and she started kissing her mother and feeling her tits while Jane was still riding me.

I could not believe what was happening but I was enjoying every minute, hoping it would last forever.

I told Jane I was going to cum and she rode me harder. Finally, I shot my load into her as she still rode me. When she lifted her cunt off of my cock, my cum oozed out of her and onto my cock and balls.

Cathy was right there to lap up my cum. As soon as she lapped it all up, she kissed her mom and shared my cum with her.

I rested a bit while the two women pleasured each other. Faster than I thought, my cock was hard again and Cathy asked me to fuck her.

I mounted her and my cock found her slit and soon my cock was in her cunt. I started fucking her as Jane made out with me.

It didn't take long and I shot a small load into Cathy's young cunt. I rolled off of her and laid spent on the bed.

The rest of the night went the same and we didn't stop until the early morning hour when the three of us fell asleep in a naked, cum soaked heap.

When we woke up the next morning, it seemed that the storm let up. The radio said the water receded and the bridge was starting to be repaired.

I told the women the good news and I figured that they would be able to continue their trip later that day.

The women said they wanted to thank me again before they left and took me to my bedroom.

This time they told me to sit and watch. Jane and Cathy got on the bed and put on a great show for me that seemed to last forever. 

Once they finished, the three of us showered together and the sex continued.

Later that evening, I found out that everything was ok for them to travel. 

Jane and Cathy looked at each other and then Jane said to me, "John, Cathy and I like you and if it is ok with you, we would like to spend the night with you, again."

I looked at the two of them and said, "Jane, you guys are awesome and you don't have to stay but I would not throw you out. So, if you want to stay, lead the way."

The next morning my two travelers left and continued their trip. I never heard or saw them again.

I only have fond memories and I still thank the storm for everything.