 Thanksgiving Eve. Staring out at the first few frosty flakes slowly drifting onto the runway, I was lost in reverie considering all of the things for which I had to be thankful.

My brain bounced to a movie from more than a quarter of a century ago: Porky's. In this film (whose cast, coincidentally, included a very young Kim Cattrall, later of Sex and the City fame), a character says, "You know my motto, 'Give me pussy or give me death.'" Substitute the word "semen" for "pussy" and, if I'd ever thought about it before, it'd have been my motto, too.

Before long I realized a guy at the airport lounge had been speaking to me while I was in creamy dreamland. I was enjoying the daydream too much to entertain the interruption.

"Listen," I said to him, "Joshua, was it? I've known my -- and more than a few other women's -- share of men and hearing you tell me that it's a 'memorable member' is cute. But unless it's scratching your sternum and you can count its output in ounces why don't you go back to your buddies?"

"OK, so it's not that big, but my umbilicus salutes each time the flag pole's raised!" he insisted with smiling bravado buoyed by a few beers.

"Umbilicus?" I responded, raising my eyebrows and nodding slowly with an insincere smile, "Big word. Ooh, you must be a med student."

Then dropping the pretense, shaking my head, I simply said, "Not impressed." Deciding that flirting with this cute (and, I admitted to myself, slightly hunky) twenty-something was not what I needed at the moment, I added, "Just let me have my drink in peace and quiet -- and maybe they'll clear us for take-off before too long. Have a nice flight."

With my most saccharine I've-seen-it-all smile, I pointed back to his buddies' table in the airport bar.

Nice kid, I thought, but not tonight. I was aware of the irony that he and his friends were only about ten years (give or take) my junior, but after the two weeks I'd had on the road I just wanted to get to my family's annual Thanksgiving get-together in our New Hampshire home before this typical fall storm made getting anywhere impossible.

Once he'd gone I remembered the evening's semen-besotted soiree that had ended this business trip. After the quarterly meeting where I'd been awarded the customer service rep of the year award (the CSA as we knew it) -- and its concomitant hefty bonus -- we (the eight or nine reps I knew best and I) went to a strip club to celebrate.

At first I was apprehensive, but once inside it was clear that this was not a spur (sperm?) of the moment thing. It had all been choreographed down to the private room in the back with its own mini-stage, bar and DJ. In addition, we had our own three private strippers (Lanaya, Bambi, and Diamond) each with her own enormous pair that seemed to get bigger as you moved in order from one to the next.

(Pardon the aside, but with all the years of piano lessons as a kid, this order had some musical instrument significance. For a long time, the five most widely available Steinway grand piano models in the US were the S (5'), M (5.5'), L (6'), the B (7'), and D (9'). I was told by our piano tuner who often came over smelling of alcohol (I think of him fondly as "Nip/Tune.") that he used a mnemonic system to remember them: Small, Medium, Large, Big and Damn big. So here we were face to face, as it were, with the surgically enhanced high-end trio: Large Lanaya, Big Bambi and Damn big Diamond.)

It was a surprise-filled night. First of all, I was still high from winning the CSA (customer service award), given my relative inexperience with the firm. But, I had worked hard and I did feel that, if hard work were the major criteria along with exceeding my sales goals and very content customers I did deserve the award.

Another surprise was a fellow sales rep I had not seen in a year. He was known as Big Mike (deservedly -- in all directions) and I had last seen him right after he'd thrown up on his wife's brand new and very expensive living room chair. This was also just a few minutes after I'd deep-throated Big Mike's cock and enjoyed a brandy snifter of his semen. (But that's another story.)

Though I couldn't say anything about his manhood at the moment, "Big" was probably not a moniker to be used for him, save for his height. He'd probably lost more than 100 pounds. What was most surprising about New Mike was his demeanor. He used to be a, pardon the expression, "puke." But in the past couple of days at the meeting he was polite, funny, and actually quite charming. I don't know if it was therapy or the rumored divorce proceedings under way, but he was a new man.

In any event, at that same party I'd deep-throated all the other reps on a dare and a good time was had by all.

So, here we were: a year older, wiser, some a bit wider, but in Big (New?) Mike's case much thinner -- and celebrating my award. As an oral sex aficionada, though, I had been hoping we were going to head back to someone's hotel room for a round of blowjobs. I'd provide the mouth; they'd provide the semen. Given that my rare sexuality connected my libido to my mouth and my sperm consumption it would have been a satisfying time for all.

The guys had really planned this out, however, and after a round or two of drinks, an extravagance of exposed ecdysiast epithelial, and some terrific oldies selected by our DJ, I was feeling wonderful -- and increasingly and inexorably horny.

Yet, it was when the DJ handed New Mike a mike and he deftly hopped onto the stage, that I knew why I loved these guys. (Who knew New Mike could sing?) The DJ put on karaoke versions of a bunch of tunes, and there was Mike in his tie, his hips swaying, doing a great rendition of a tune I hadn't heard since I was a kid.

