 With an acknowledgement to Willie Nelson's "I Just Dropped By" for the idea (but not the detail, of course!)

ALL CHARACTERS IN THIS STORY ARE ABOVE THE AGE OF CONSENT FOR SEXUAL CONGRESS.

THAT OLD HOUSE

* 

Gary read his new contract quickly; he was always a fast reader. This time however, he had to keep slowing down and even re-read some of the paragraphs.

"Wow, the generous old bugger! He must really like me."

George had nominated a Managing Director's salary of a figure far exceeding Gary's expectations, plus generous additional benefits which included an executive car, health plan and even a clothing allowance. There were to be generous holidays and other fringe benefits for his family as he, Gary, saw fit. In short, Gary was to be all powerful!

Tucked into the back of the folder was a hand-written note.

'Hope that this is OK for you! By the way, I think that Molly fancies a fuck or two before she leaves. Feel free!'

"Your breakfast is all ready darling," called Gerry from downstairs. Gary jumped from the bed, pulled on his underpants and, tucking his folder under his arm, headed for the stairs calling out "coming" as he did so.

He entered the kitchen, immediately assailed by the wonderful smell of bacon, eggs and coffee. He grabbed his lover, now partially covered by a protective smock, and kissed her firmly, sliding his hands under the smock to squeeze her naked buttocks.

"I'm starving," he gasped, sitting at the table and taking a gulp at his coffee. "Fucking Hell, that's hot!" he spluttered.

"Serves you right," laughed Gerry. She pointed at the red folder. "Is it a good contract?"

"I'll say! You read it while I eat."

Gerry sat down and picked up the folder, starting to read. She didn't know much about business, Gary's in particular, but even she could see the generous terms being offered. She read every word in silence, including George's note at the end. Gary had finished as she read it.

"What do you think?"

"Who's Molly?"

Gary laughed. "Oh, Molly is his secretary, didn't you realise? The one he fucked on his desk. The one who's going to run away with him!"

"How old is she? Is she attractive?"

"Molly's about forty and yes, she is attractive; very attractive."

"And will you fuck her?"

"Ah," said Gary, not wanting to answer yet. "I tell you what; if I do I'll confess to you!"

"And I shall thrash you with my little cane, you naughty dirty boy you!"

Gary looked at Gerry, full in the face.

"Have you got one? A cane I mean?"

"Oh yes, I'll show it to you one day soon."

As the conversation moved away from the subject of fucking Molly, Gary finished his coffee and stood up. He took Gerry in his arms and kissed her, untying the smock and pushing it off her body. Then he picked her up and carried her up to her bedroom where he literally threw her on to the mattress.

Gary climbed aboard Gerry's lovely body, sitting down on her lower chest. He dropped his balls on to her lower breast slopes and threaded his growing cock between her beauties. Gerry took him in hand.

"I'm going to frig you with my titties darling," she giggled, "and then when you're hard I'm going to get you in my b..er, arsehole! How does that sound?"

"Fucking wonderful, fucking marvellous," Gary gasped as his mighty engine began to grow. Gerry wrapped her breasts around his shaft and he began to pump.

"Steady Gary darling, don't forget where you're going to fuck me!"

Reluctantly Gary withdrew his cock from her hot channel and rolled off Gerry on to his back. She immediately swung her leg over him, her pussy close to his face.

Here I am darling, all ready for you. Get closer and see if you think I'm ready!"

Gary raised his head and licked into Gerry's cunt. She was wet and ready! She squealed with pleasure. He gently pulled her arse crack open and blew softly on to her pink puckered arsehole. She squealed again.

"Yes Gary, do me now! Fuck my dirty little arsehole now!"

"It's not dirty; it looks beautiful!"

Gary supported Gerry under her armpits as he lifted and pushed her down his body until she was poised above his stiff hard rod. She took him in hand and pointed him straight up, opening her cunt with her other hand and spreading liquid along her arse crack. She was ready!

Gerry slowly and carefully lowered her puckered pink ring to the tip of Gary's cock. She squeaked on contact. Gary's knob end fitted snugly and Gerry bore down. His knob disappeared with a rush and she paused. Then she allowed his cock to slide down slowly until it was fully embedded up her arsehole. She put her hands on Gary's shoulders and leant down to kiss him lasciviously.

"You've got a big fucker this morning darling and it's stuck all the way up my arse! How does it feel from your end?"

"Bloody fantastic! How about you?"

"It's better now that I've had it in me for a little while. I think I've stretched to fit you in. You can start fucking me now!"

"You move up and down too; slide up and down my pole."

"Mmnnn! It feels lovely; I bet it's much better than pole dancing!"

The lovers became adjusted to this new position and began to have strong feelings down below. Gary fed his fingers into Gerry's vagina and agitated her clitoris; she made more liquid. Their movements became more violent and Gary soon felt himself going over the brink."

"I'm coming Gerry darling! Your arse is so tight it's making me come. I'm sorry, I can't hold it!"

"Shoot your fucking load Gary darling. I want your come all the way up my arsehole; I want to feel your hot spunk! Ohhhh yessss, frig my fanny, make me come!"

Gary delivered and Gerry came too, all over Gary's fingers. His spunk splashed hotly back at him and began to leak from her rectum. Gerry collapsed on top of Gary, forcing his cock from her arse and allowing his cooling sperm to drip on to his belly. Gerry kissed him, squirming her belly against his to make a very sticky mess.

"God, what we must look like down there!" she chuckled. "I liked it though Gary. Do it to me again soon please."

"It will give me absolute pleasure," replied Gary, nibbling at her ears and giving her lots and lots of little tiny kisses all over her neck and shoulders. "Shall we shower and get dressed to go shopping?"

The phone rang.

Gerry gently pushed her lover off her body and reached for the phone on the bedside cabinet.

"Hello? Oh hello Jenny, how are you darling? What have you been up to? We haven't seen each other for a while, have we?"

Gerry now began to listen avidly to the voice at the other end of the line, punctuating her silences with phrases such as, 'she didn't', 'what did you do', 'you naughty girl' and several 'wows'. Then she said.

"Me? Oh you know, not much happens to me. Until Thursday, that is. On Thursday I answered my door to a guy who said he used to live here, in this house I mean. We finished up having dinner together and then last night he came back and we've been in bed fucking ever since. He just finished fucking my arsehole as you rang. No, don't go Gary darling, we'll go and shower together in a minute."

"What Jenny? No. No, he's lovely. I'd love to show him off to you. Richard? He's in Scotland with the school until next Thursday. I'm hoping to get fucked lots of times before he comes back! What? Well, I don't see why not. We're going shopping. Gary's offered to buy me a new dress and some outrageous undies. What time? About five? We'll be well back and stripped naked long before that if I've anything to do with it!"

"Lovely, see you then!"

Gary and Gerry rose from the bed and headed for the bathroom hand in hand. Gerry turned on the shower and turned to Gary for a kiss.

"Who is Jenny then?" he said as their lips met. He put one hand into her sticky vagina and inserted two fingers. Gerry moaned into his mouth and then broke contact.

"Jenny is one of my old pupils. She was in my first ever class as a matter of fact. We seemed much closer in age then for some reason. Anyway we became best friends. She lives in Solihull now with her husband. Jeremy was divorced before they hooked up permanently; he knew her father because he used to work for his wife's family company."

As the lovers entered the shower Gerry removed Gary's hand from her vagina and sniffed at her scent. She grinned lewdly at him.

"Well, as I said, we became best of friends. She was a big help to me during my divorce, giving me support and everything. Ohhhh God Gary darling, your cock is so big again!"

"Down girl, down, we're going shopping, remember? I'm just telling you that I shall be ready for your mouth, cunt or arsehole when we get back! Was there something in your conversation about this Jenny calling around here to see you?"

Gerry giggled. "To see you, you mean! She said that she was so pleased that I had found a man to fuck that she would love to see you. So as you are here and sort of free and available I let her invite herself over. You will like her, I know; she's very pretty! I think she's gorgeous!"

"Have you ever, you know, played around with her?"

"Well," Gerry hesitated, biting her bottom lip, "we have sort of touched one another intimately but we've never been naked together." She suddenly grinned wickedly at Gary. "I'd love to though!"

Gary smacked her bottom and dragged her from the shower stall. He was getting to love this smacking, watching Gerry's bottom cheeks wobble and the red hand mark fading away! He grabbed the towels and followed her, watching her cheeks undulate enticingly before him. He was still hard.

Gerry stopped dead and bent right over, her palms on the floor and her legs still straight. Christ! What an arse thought Gary as his stiff cock sneaked into her cleft. He dropped to his knees and began to kiss her warm, soft rounded cheeks. His palms moved caressingly over her skin too.

"Ohhhh Gary darling, that feels so lovely! I'll do this for you when we get back, shall I? Then you can fuck both of my holes, one after the other!"

Gary reluctantly stood up and reached for his underpants. He smacked her bottom again, gently this time.

"Come on sweetheart, let's go shopping!"

 oooOOOooo

They went in Gary's car. It was only about ten miles to Bledworth town centre so they were soon in amongst the shops.

In a large department store called Armitage Gary soon discovered the lingerie department and soon persuaded Gerry to start choosing what she liked, stressing to her that he was only buying her sexy underwear for him, and him alone.

"Are you finding what you like?" said a voice as they began to pile up a small collection of items. They turned to see a very smartly dressed woman before them. She was obviously a woman in authority.

"These are gorgeous," sighed Gerry. "I can't normally afford such lovely skimpy undies but I'm being treated today by my new boy-friend. Aren't I lucky?"

"I could show you a few other things if you like," said the gorgeous woman in front of them. "We have some items for the more er, discerning buyer. By the way, my name is Gloria, I'm in charge here until Mandy Armstrong and her sales assistant return from lunch."

"We want to see your most sexy gear Gloria," said Gary decisively. "This is a very special occasion. We are going to buy a dress after this so Gerry here will try on her new lingerie in that department."

"That's fine sir," said Gloria, moving much closer to him. "Needless to say, anything that doesn't suit madam will not be charged for."

"What's going on here?" said another voice. "Are you trying to sell all my stock to just one customer?"

"Hello Mandy," answered Gloria. "I was just going to show this couple your 'special' items. They have expressed an interest in our very best and skimpy items!"

"Hello you guys," smiled the newcomer. "I'm Mandy Armitage and my mother owns this store. This is my department, along with sportswear and beauty treatments. We do all kinds of women's treatments and I do mean all types."

Mandy continued, "why don't I show the lady what I have and you can entertain the gentleman Gloria? I'm sure that you would like that?"

"I'll show him our best evening dresses because that's the department they were going to next," smiled Gloria, taking Gary's hand, brushing her hand across his half hard cock as she did so. She professed not to notice; Gary did, her touch felt like fire! 

"Thank you," said Gary. "That will be great and may even save a little time. I will be paying with my credit card so don't let Gerry pay for a thing. I'll be right back!"

Mandy took Gerry's hand in her own warm soft one.

"Let's just go through there into our private viewing room. I love it there, not that I often wear lingerie. I'm often naked under my outer clothes, like I am now. See!"

Mandy quickly lifted her short skirt to reveal a gorgeous naked cunt. She dropped the hem again and giggled.

"Now, let me show what we have."

Soon a veritable feast of gorgeous underwear was laid out before Gerry. She felt damp between her thighs.

"Oh my God, I love it all!" she exclaimed. "How am I ever going to be able to leave anything behind?"

"Don't worry, we always stock this type of gear. We have built up quite a reputation for stocking sexy gear. We may have even helped to increase the birth rate around here! Some of our customers tell us that their husbands and boy friends just rip these things off their bodies, every time. They just come and replace them with the money they get from them. Do you want to try anything on? They do look better on a shaved pussy though! I have a girl who can do that for you but on weekdays only, I'm afraid!"

Gerry smiled at Mandy, lifted her skirt and pulled her panties aside to reveal her naked snatch.

"Gary did it for me," she laughed. "No, please just wrap these for me. I'll do a fashion parade for him this evening."

"Your pussy looks gorgeous, can I have a closer look?"

Without waiting for an answer Mandy dropped to her knees and closely examined Gerry's naked snatch. She pulled her panties down and Gerry naturally opened her thighs. Mandy leaned in and inhaled deeply.

"You smell gorgeous; may I?"

She put out her tongue and licked along Gerry's crack; the crack opened and Mandy tasted her juice.

Gerry giggled. "It's a good job I had a shower before we came shopping. An hour ago that was full of spunk!"

"I love the taste of spunk and female come," smiled Mandy as she stood up. "I'll just get the account added. Next time you want your pussy shaved come and see Janine, she's very good and she loves pussy too! At least, she loves mine and one or two of my friends as well!"

Gloria and Gary were in the ladies wear department. They had found three dresses for Gerry to try on. They took them into a fitting room. By now Gloria had moved on to openly fondling his cock.

"I'm afraid I've got to go to lunch," she said. "It's a real pity, isn't it?"

"It sure is," groaned Gary.

Gloria neatly opened his flies, extracted his cock, and swallowed the whole thing! She was expert! She then made him decent again.

"When Madam returns I'll nominate one of the girls to take care of you," she smiled. "I'm sure that you'll be happy with my choice. Come again on a Saturday and I'll service you more thoroughly!"

"Fucking Hell!"

"No, it will be fucking heaven! Well it will be for me, judging by the size of that cock. Ah, here comes your lady now."

Gerry was still looking a little flushed.

"Are you all right?" asked Gary, kissing her lightly.

"I'll tell you later," she whispered. "Have you found something for me try on?"

"There are three choices. You can have two if you really want them. We have that fitting room over there; an assistant should be coming over in a moment or two. Ah, maybe that's her."

A young girl appeared across the shop. She was utterly gorgeous! She was blonde with large breasts and a prominent rounded bottom. She looked very young; she was probably a Saturday schoolgirl or a student from the university. She was wearing the shop's staff uniform, which on her seemed positively indecent! Her blouse had the three top buttons undone and there was one undone at the bottom too, revealing an occasional glimpse of her diamond studded belly button. Her skirt seemed very short; Gerry fleetingly wondered if she was wearing any panties!

"Hello," she said. "My name is Jill and I've come to help you in the fitting room. Shall we go in?"

"Hello to you," answered Gerry. "Our names are Gerry and Gary and Gary wants to buy me a sexy dress, two if I like them. Which one shall I try first? Thank you for helping us; are all the girls in this shop as beautiful as you? We've already met Gloria and Mandy."

Jill smiled and then laughed. Her chest expanded and her jacket opened, revealing her belly button again. Gary also noticed a little protuberance at her groin and his cock stiffened up again. Jill noticed and smiled happily again.

"Isn't Mandy wonderful," she whispered. "She came into a shop I worked in in Birmingham and when I said I was coming to uni here in Bledworth she just said 'come and see me, I'll give you a job while you study'. Shall we try this gorgeous purple dress first? I'd love this but I'd never get in it, even if I could afford it! May I ask you to sit over there sir?"

Gary sat and his bump showed; the girls didn't notice, they were busy looking at the dress. It was bright purple with a full skirt down below Gerry's knees. It was tight waisted with two tiny strips of material covering the essentials!

Gerry began to undress and Jill looked around at Gary, noticing that his bump seemed bigger.

"Don't worry about Gary," giggled Gerry. "He sees me naked all the time; we don't wear clothes at home very often! The size of his bump will tell us whether he likes each dress or not!"

In the purple dress Gerry looked dead drop gorgeous. She looked at herself and then lifted her hemline to reveal her pink lacy panties. Jill licked her lips.

"Jill my dear, would you please go through to the lingerie department and bring my purchases. I want to see what some of the panties look like with this dress."

"Certainly Madam, I'll just be a moment." She risked one more look at Gary's crotch and left.

"Do you fancy little Jill then?" giggled Gerry, placing a hand on Gary's cock. "Gosh yes, you do you randy bugger! This is huge! I know what we'll do!"

By the time Jill returned they had hatched a plan. Little did they know that Mandy had asked Jill how she was getting on and when she had described Gary's 'bump' she just laughed.

"You know what we are like in this shop," she smiled. "Go and enjoy yourself but come to my apartment at seven o'clock this evening and tell me all about it. Are you wearing panties?"

Jill just nodded and then gasped as Mandy lifted her skirt to reveal her naked pussy.

"Take them off Jill. She's got a naked pussy too."

By the time Jill returned to the fitting room she was without panties and her cunt was beginning to drip. She was sure that Gerry and Gary could smell her. She daren't even glance at Gary.

They could but they said nothing, just smiling at one another. Gerry changed into several different panties, blatantly standing in front of Jill each time.

Then Gerry took off the purple dress and picked up a powder blue one in very similar style to the purple one. For a moment or two she stood there in just her little pink bra. Jill made more juice.

"Can you just help me with this Jill? I would hate to tear anything."

Jill momentarily moved out of Gary's sight. He instantly removed his cock from his slacks. It stood up straight, firm, thick and long! Almost immediately a drop of pre cum formed. He fought not to take himself in hand!

Both women turned around; Gerry laughed and Jill gasped. The dress looked gorgeous and Gary's cock flexed and bounced.
