 Author's Note:

Welcome to the fifth of six chapters in this story of an unusual and consensual relationship between a young man, a young woman and an older woman. The first four chapters were posted in the 'Mature' category. As always, comments and emails are gratefully accepted, and I hope you find this an entertaining read. I'd like to express my appreciation to the author Karaline for her diligent editing and suggestions. 

And a special shout-out to Jules, whose support and encouragement have given me a real boost as I write. Thank you!

*****

A few nights later Monica lay naked on her stomach in Rikka's bed, thoroughly enjoying herself as the petite, red-haired Daemon massaged her feet while dressed in white panties and green underwear.

It had become a routine over the last three days: Master would get home at nine after a double shift, Monica would spend a precious hour showering with him and lying under his expert hands, with Rikka waiting with quiet impatience outside the door to the master bedroom. Then Monica would leave her Master and she and Rikka would spend the night in Rikka's bed, but not before Monica received an enjoyable - and increasingly skilled - foot rub.

"How's that?" Rikka asked, her tone eager to please but with a hint of tiredness.

Monica glanced at the clock on the nightstand. Rikka had been at it for almost half an hour. She didn't feel guilty for making the younger one work. Spending the night with Rikka meant denying herself the joy of sleeping in her Master's arms. The foot massage was Monica's way of balancing the scales, at least to some degree.

"Heavenly. Maybe a few minutes more?" Monica said, wiggling her toes.

Rikka's sigh was barely audible as the warm hands returned to their work. She never complained, and her attitude never betrayed resentment or resistance. And Monica had been pushing her, testing the limits of their 'bond' with polite but ever-more presumptuous and inconvenient requests. Rikka had yet to balk. 

She liked Rikka a lot, and as time passed Monica became more determined to help the younger Daemon the way Master had helped Monica - by revealing to Rikka the reality of her Daemon heritage. The truth had liberated Monica, freed her from anxiety and shame and led her to a life of carefree happiness. It would do that for Rikka, too.

But Rikka was still trapped behind the facade of humanity. She still believed she was human, despite all the evidence to the contrary AND the assertion of Master Garnet, whose expertise in the matter was beyond all questioning. This false belief limited Rikka, repressed her and blocked the path to an untroubled, joyful life. 

But Monica would fix her.

Monica would fix everything.

Another ten minutes passed before Monica rolled over, sat up and stretched.

"You're becoming so good at that," she said, leaning in and kissing Rikka's forehead. The affectionate gesture brought a grateful smile and shy blush from the green-eyed Daemon.

"Thank you for teaching me," Rikka said, apparently no worse for wear after giving a forty-minute foot massage. She was so delightfully earnest - Monica wrapped her up in a big hug, which Rikka returned without hesitation. After a few moments Monica stood and turned off the light.

"Take off your clothes, okay? I want you to sleep in your natural state from now on," Monica said, keeping her tone casual. Another gentle push for Rikka. Another nudge down the road to freedom. Monica climbed onto 'her side' of the bed and snuggled under the covers.

In the darkness there was a minute of complete stillness and silence from Rikka as she processed the bold new request. Then Monica felt her rise from the mattress. Heard the faint rustling of a shirt being removed, the whisper of panties sliding down slender legs. The sounds were suggestive and erotic, and Monica felt the now-familiar pulsing between her legs in response. 

Rikka had obeyed. Again.

The younger Daemon slid under the sheets and extended her arm; the two of them typically slept holding hands. The contact seemed to reassure the younger Daemon, and helped her sleep deeply. 

But not tonight.

Monica rolled onto her side, facing away from Rikka. She could almost feel the uncertainty in the air as Rikka tried to understand this unwanted change. 

"You can cuddle up to me if you're cold," Monica said, after a few seconds of silence. 

Rikka barely hesitated and shimmied closer, still lying face-up so her shoulder, hip and leg were pressed against the back of Monica's body. That was enough, as Rikka gave a deep sigh of relief and then was still. In minutes they were both asleep.

*

Monica woke first, and took a moment to realize that the welcome warmth enveloping her back side was Rikka's naked body. The younger Daemon was spooning her from behind, one arm slung over Monica's torso.

She lay still and processed the sensation, and her reaction to it. Human Monica would have been uncomfortable, embarrassed and self-conscious about such familiar contact with a nude, young female. But Daemon Monica had cast off such notions as shame and propriety. Human conventions no longer applied. 

Rikka's skin was warm, and soft and smooth. Her breath on the back of Monica's neck was a gentle caress. It was intimate, sensual contact. Monica could feel the bond between them as if it were a tangible thing, connecting them on a deep, spiritual level that only Daemons could achieve. Well, Daemons and their Masters, too.

The thought of her Master roused her, and she glanced at the clock. Ten after six. Master would be waking up soon, showering, preparing for work. Monica would fortify him before he left - pancakes, bacon and strong coffee would do the job. 

And maybe, an extra little treat as well.

She gently extracted herself from under Rikka's arm, then kissed her on the forehead and rolled out of bed. Rikka woke immediately and stretched out on the mattress, her body pale, slender and unblemished, limbs thin and graceful, her breasts little more than gentle swellings on her chest topped by pink nipples. A sparse tuft of red pubic hair provided modest cover to her most private parts. The sight of the younger Daemon's bare body did nothing to dampen Monica's growing lust.

Monica stretched as well, then smiled down at her sleepy-eyed Daemon kin.

"Don't dress today," she said with a wink, then left the room and wandered down the hall to the guest bathroom. After taking care of business she washed her face and brushed her teeth, making sure she looked her best for her young Knight. Maybe her skin wasn't as tight or youthful as Rikka's, but that hadn't deterred Master's hands, or lips, or dulled the hunger in his eyes.

When she left the bathroom she found Rikka outside the door, waiting naked in an embarrassed half-crouch. Monica gave her a reassuring pat on the cheek and brushed a few strands of lovely red hair away from Rikka's panicky, green eyes. 

Rikka used the washroom while Monica padded down to the kitchen to start the coffee. A few moments later Rikka was beside her again.

Naked. 

Red-faced and trembling, but naked. Just as Monica had asked. A bond between Daemons was a powerful force indeed!

"Why don't you set the table and make the pancake batter. I'll get the bacon started." Monica wrapped herself in an apron to shield herself from scalding bacon spatters.

Rikka set the cutlery out. "Maybe I should...dress? I mean, Garnet will..." she trailed off as she laid out the forks and spoons.

"That's okay. I'm sure he won't mind," Monica said, suppressing a mischievous grin. She'd never hurt Rikka, never do her any true harm. But a little discomfort? A little embarrassment? That was okay, in the name of a good cause. Monica herself had gone through similar indignities on her journey of self-realization. She would release her young friend from the inhibitions that shackled her.

She could hear Master stirring, the shower running, and finally his footsteps descending the staircase. 

"Oh! Um..." Garnet said, unable to keep himself from staring at Rikka's newly-revealed bum. He blushed an adorable red himself, as Rikka kept her back to him and whisked the pancake batter, shoulders hunched and knees pressed together defensively. 

"How about putting out the mugs and pouring Master some coffee?" Monica said in a light tone.

Rikka hesitated for a few moments before setting the whisk in the bowl of batter and grabbing the carafe from the coffee maker. She turned to face Garnet, the coffee in one hand, mug in the other, her arm pressed across her nipples to shield them from view, gaze downcast to avoid the added awkwardness of eye contact. 

Monica sighed as she remembered those first few times being naked for her Master - how mortifying and vulnerable it had seemed at first, and how silly those feelings looked in retrospect. 

Garnet was seated now, and very deliberately not staring at the inviting patch of red hair between Rikka's legs. He'd been shy and hesitant with Monica at first, too. 

Growing pains. 

"So...this is new," he said to Rikka, more to break the tension than anything. It was his way.

She gave him a weak smile that was ninety percent grimace, her blush colouring her upper chest as well as her face.

"Sugar?" she squeaked, possibly the first word she'd spoken to him since she'd arrived. Progress!

He just nodded, and she retrieved it for him from the counter then returned to the bowl of batter and started a frenzied whisking. Breakfast would be amusing, for sure.

*

She and Rikka did Yoga together in front of the TV. The younger Daemon had never done it before but she was a fast learner and had the perfect body for it - light and lean and supple. Monica had more endurance, though, and by the end of the hour Rikka had beads of sweat on her forehead and her skin sparkled with a sheen of perspiration.

They sat together afterward, cross-legged and facing each other on their Yoga mats. Monica was deep-breathing, Rikka panting. 

"You did well. A couple weeks of this and you'll be in fantastic shape," Monica said. It felt good to praise Rikka - it always brought a wide smile and a brightness to her green eyes. She seemed starved for praise and validation - perhaps she'd been lacking those things growing up?

"Thank you for showing me. It's harder than it looks."

"Give it time."

There was a short silence. "When do you think I'll be able to put on some clothes?"

She'd been naked for a few hours, and had borne it bravely enough, especially after Master had left for work. She hadn't made a fuss - this was the first mention she'd made of it since breakfast.

"Why do you need clothes?"

"Well..."

"Are you eager to go outside?"

Rikka shook her head, eyes wide with alarm at even the idea.

"And neither of us want strangers in the house, right?"

"Right."

"And I'm naked, so it's not like you're alone."

"I guess." She sounded unconvinced.

"Do you think you have anything I haven't already seen?" 

Rikka rolled her eyes at the teasing tone. "It's not that."

"Then what?"

"Well...I mean...Garnet..."

"I'm sure he likes the way you look. You've got a lovely body."

"No...I mean, it's embarrassing to be...this way...in front of him."

"It's a little embarrassing for him too. You'll get used to each other. Besides, modesty is a human concept. We're Daemons so it doesn't apply to us. Throw it away."

Rikka thought for a moment, trying to come up with an argument that would work. Somehow it never occurred to her to insist. Or did their Daemon bond make that impossible?

"Maybe...just when Garnet's home?"

Monica allowed herself a smile. "Oh, he'll see it all anyway when he takes your measurements."

"When he...?"

"Of course. Didn't Karl take your measurements?"

Rikka's deep blush was all the response Monica needed.

"It seemed really important to him, and he was kind, so..." Rikka said in a quiet voice. "But I never liked it. It was more like...a chore."

"It's important. The Knights are gathering vital data. Master is really serious about it."

"He wants me to do it too?"

Monica nodded. "He's worried about making you uncomfortable, so he won't insist. He's like that." She gave Rikka an expectant look that wasn't lost on the younger Daemon.

"Do I have to?"

Monica hesitated, wondering how pushy to be. "No, you don't have to. No one is going to force you. But it would make me really happy if you would do it."

Rikka looked at Monica for a few moments, and Monica could see the struggle in her lovely green eyes. Finally she gave a defeated sigh.

"I guess...if it would make you happy. I mean, it's not like it hurts or anything. And he saw it all at breakfast anyway."

Monica clapped happily, then stood and helped Rikka to her feet before wrapping her in a damp, naked hug. Rikka returned the embrace good-naturedly. Maybe she was finally starting to discard her human hang-ups?

"Thank you for being such a wonderful help to Master and me. You're really a delight! It's great to have you as part of the family."

Monica's words wiped the anxiety off Rikka's face, replacing it with a bright smile.

"Oh, thank you for helping me. And for being so nice."

"Let's have a shower," Monica said, leading her towards the stairs by the hand.

"You mean...together?"

"You'd rather I wasn't there?" Monica asked innocently. 

"No! No...it's not that. I just didn't expect...I mean, I don't...I never have..."

Monica had to suppress a chuckle. Rikka was almost too adorable - a lovely, person inside and out. Easy to read and completely without guile. It made Monica more determined than ever to smash the inhibitions that locked her away from her true Daemonic self. She would liberate her.

Monica ran a hot shower and stepped in, then gestured for Rikka to join her. The red-haired Daemon did so without complaint. Monica spun her so she faced away, then doused a loofah with shower gel and started a slow, thorough scrubbing of Rikka's shoulders and back. The grateful sigh she got in response told her the effort was appreciated.

"How does that feel?"

"Lovely! Thank you."

"I bet Karl never gave you a scrubbing like this!"

Rikka giggled. "Not even close. He was so proper."

"Well, he was a Knight. He had a strict code of conduct to follow." Monica stepped close and slid her arms around Rikka's narrow waist, hugging her soapy back tightly. "But we're Daemons. We can do as we please. Whatever feels good."

Rikka didn't reply, but after a moment she stroked Monica's hands as they held her.

"I want that. I wish it were true."

"You'll get there."

"Thank you for caring about me."

Monica caught the back of Rikka's ear with a quick kiss, then backed off. There was no rush. Rikka was coming along nicely.

"Okay, my turn. Get scrubbing," Monica said, turning around and handing Rikka the loofah over her shoulder.

The younger Daemon happily obeyed.

*

"Um...I'd like it if you would be my Knight-Observer," Rikka said in a barely audible murmur, blushing furiously. She looked down at Master's socks and picked at her fingernails, her forearms pressed protectively over her nipples. "And...if you wanted to take...measurements...that would be okay, I guess."

Monica felt a swell of pride. Rikka had approached him on her own after dessert, with no prompting from Monica, and the words had been Rikka's, too. The younger Daemon really WAS trying to please her. 

Master seemed astonished as well, and flashed Monica a questioning look. She just winked at him, and nodded at Rikka.

He cleared his throat. "I'm really honoured, Rikka. This means a lot to me. I hope you'll let me know if you have questions or if I'm doing something that makes you uncomfortable. I'll work hard to live up to your expectations."

Rikka nodded, then looked to Monica for approval. Monica's delighted grin gave her all she needed, and Rikka gave a shy smile in return.

"Are you sure you wouldn't be more comfortable in some clothes? Just because Monica chooses to be naked, it doesn't mean you can't be dressed," he said.

Rikka hesitated, then came to a decision. She gave a deep sigh and dropped her arms to her sides, exposing her petite, naked body. She was flushed down her neck and chest.

"I guess you're going to see it all anyway," she said, echoing Monica's earlier words.

"Only if you're okay with it. There's no need to rush anything."

"I know it's important. I'm...okay with it."

"We'll finish up here," Monica said, stepping forward and putting her arm around Rikka's narrow shoulders. "Why don't you get everything ready in the living room and we'll meet you there?"

Her Master nodded then left the kitchen. The tension seemed to drain from Rikka's body when he was out of sight. Monica hugged her tight.

"I can't believe how brave you were. That was amazing," Monica said, her lips close to Rikka's ear.

Rikka gave up a weak smile. "Thanks."

Okay, so Rikka wasn't completely comfortable with it just yet. That was alright - in order to make progress, there had to be change, and change wasn't always easy. Monica was encouraged by the distance they'd covered in just a day. The younger Daemon had shed her clothes and spoken her first words to Master Garnet. She'd accepted him as a Knight-Observer and agreed to have measurements taken. Her plan to do away with Rikka's needless 'human' inhibitions was ahead of schedule. 

*

Monica got measured first. After weeks as a Familiar it was practically second nature now. Pulse, breathing, rectal temperature. Finger and toe prints. Height, weight, body measurements with the tape measure. She treasured each moment, every fleeting touch.

She loved the single-minded attention he paid to her during the process and his careful, genuine interest in even small changes in her appearance or behaviour. She was something truly rare and special in his eyes, and she never wanted that to change.

Of course, with Rikka in the fold his attention would be divided - an unfortunate but necessary reality. He had obligations as a Knight, and the opportunity to observe not one but TWO Daemons would be impossible for him to ignore. What he needed was more time. Monica had a plan for that. But before that, Rikka was her priority.

With Monica's measurements dutifully recorded, she took a seat on the couch, her body still buzzing from the effects of his touch and his closeness. Plus, she was four days into her 'build' phase, which meant long nights of intense stimulation with no release. She felt his presence more strongly with every day that passed, and her body's response to him amplified each day as well. She watched with interest as Rikka stood in front of Master, blushing and anxious, but willing to do what was needed.

She flinched away as Master reached for her wrist to take her pulse, which caused him to hesitate.

"If you'd rather not do this, that's okay. We don't have to rush anything," he said, his voice quiet and calming.

"I'm sorry. I'm just a little nervous," Rikka said, then thrust her wrist out for him to take.

He took her pulse, then recorded it in a separate journal. He counted her breaths as well, and wrote the number down.

"I'm going to sterilize the thermometer. Please lie on the couch on your side and pull your knees up toward your chest," he said, taking the thermometer and heading for the downstairs washroom.

"Ugh, I hate this part the most," Rikka said when he was gone. Monica got off the couch and allowed the younger Daemon to assume the position Master had indicated.

"It's one of my favourite parts," Monica said, crouching next to Rikka's head and stroking her cheek.

"Really?"

"Oh, yes. Master is gentle, and his touch feels wonderful."

Rikka was silent until Master returned. She tensed visibly as he crouched beside the couch near her bum, and a shudder ran through her body as he put his hand on her buttock to gently spread her.
