 Part 1

I was on my way to my boyfriend Jarrod's place of business to give him a very sensual surprise. We've only been dating for a year, and everyday we'd try to keep our relationship like new.

We've tried quite a few things sexually to keep our sex life hot. We've played the role playing games, had sex in public places such as on a bus, taxi cab, public restroom, and movie theaters. We even included some S&M into our play. We were definitely hot for each other! 

What I had in mind today was to walk into his office while he was not there, and hide under his desk. I only had a trench coat on, thigh-high stocking, stiletto heels and nothing else. As far as I knew, no one else knew of my plans. But I was wrong. I later found out that my boyfriend knew exactly what I had in mind. 

I had the misfortune of writing my plans down in my journal and my boyfriend had read it. I walked in with what I thought was an awesome surprise, and I met no one. 

I smiled to myself as I finally got to his office and peeking through the window, noticed that it was empty. Everything was going according to plan. As I situated myself under his desk, I took off my coat and made myself comfortable.

I had Jarrod's schedule memorized. I knew he took an hour lunch everyday at noon and that his receptionist took hers at the same time. Since the security guards knew me, I was always allowed to go up to his office as I would sometimes take lunch with him. 

The last time I was here, we never made it out of the office. I was feeling flirty and horny that day, so I wore an extremely short, leather skirt, thigh high stiletto boots, a sheer white shirt, a red push up bra, and a red thong all underneath my trench coat. 

I wore red to show off my skin tone, the color of cafe au lait. As soon as I walked in I locked the door behind me, closed the blinds, and walked over to his desk. He was just about to stand, but I pushed him back down. 

I smiled and took off my coat and threw it down on the floor. I sat down in front of him on his desk, and spread my legs wide. I put the heels of my boots on the arms of his chair and told him to go ahead and eat. The reaction I got from him was priceless. 

Jarrod stared at me for a minute, not saying anything, but I knew he wanted me because his pants were beginning to tent up displaying his bulging hardness, which was making me moist. 

Before I knew it, he pushed his chair back forcibly and fell onto his knees in front of me. It startled me for a minute, but I started this and I was more than ready to see it finished. 

He pushed my skirt up to my waist, ripped off my thong, pulled me forward and started eating my slippery, wet pussy. I shoved some of his stuff out of the way and laid down. He was slurping at my juices, making smacking noises, as he licked and fucked me with his mouth. 

My legs started to shake and I knew I was coming close to a mind-blowing orgasm. He felt it coming as well, and bit on my clit, just the way I liked. 

"Ohhh unnngh, God! I'm cumming!" I screamed.

I clamped my legs around his head pulling him close as I grinded his face, undulating my hips. Only when I was completely spent, did I let him go. 

He stood and I turned my head to look up at him, with my juices glistening on the bottom half of his face. He wiped his face with his hand and told me to suck his fingers. 

I raised up and took his hand. I put his index in my mouth and sucked on it until it was clean. As I sucked on each finger I watched Jarrod's face as he stared at me intently. 

When I finished, he continued staring at me, as he undid his belt buckle, unbuttoned and unzipped his pants. He dropped them and I saw that as usual he wore no underwear. His cock sprung up and touched his stomach. He grabbed hold of it, and started stroking it, knowing how hot it made me. He pointed his fat cock at me.

"Come on baby, get on your knees and give daddy a suck".

I shivered in anticipation as I scooted off his desk and got down on my knees in front of him. I grabbed his cock in my hands and I admired the way my dark hands surrounded his white cock. 

I kissed the mushroomed head first and put my tongue in his hole. I licked him up and down teasing him a bit before I put his hardness into my mouth, taking him all the way in. I heard him gasp, and I hummed just the way he liked. 

I pulled him out and sucked him down again. I just loved sucking cock. I love the feel of it in my mouth and how it made my man squirm. I felt him grab my hair and jerk my head up.

"Enough", he gasped.

He pulled me up and put me on his desk again. I wanted to feel his engorged hardness deep inside so I laid down on my back. He grabbed my thighs and lifted my legs up while he positioned himself at my eager opening. 

He let go of my legs and slid his rock-hard cock in me. He eased in real slow. He took my legs and put them on his shoulders prepared to fuck me into another screaming orgasm. He pulled out and then slammed in again making the desk shake and me gasping from the feeling of him inside me. He shoved and thrust harder and faster making me moan and scream. 

"Who's pussy is this"? He groaned out.

"Yours!" I gasped.

He continued slamming into me, making me scream out in another orgasm before he finally roared out his own.

I sat under the desk remembering that day. I had my hand in my pussy, stroking and pinching my clit until I came. I heard a noise, and I knew the fun was ready to begin. 

I heard my boyfriend come in and shut the door. My heart was beating so fast and loud, that I imagined he could hear me. Finally he came over and pulled out his chair. As soon as he sat down, I put my hands on his legs, and walked them up to his crotch. I felt him stiffen, and I giggled a little.

"Shh, baby, it is only me. Happy birthday! I hope you like your surprise!"

He quieted down and I unzipped and unbuckled his pants. I grabbed a hold of his cock and played with a bit. I told him to raise up so I could take down his pants. He did as I told him. I pushed him back a little bit and raised up on my knees. I then proceeded to give him his birthday blow job. I was really getting into it when I heard him moan his pleasure. It took me a minute to hear him and realize that the cock I was sucking was not my man's!

Part 2

"What the fuck"? I screamed as I pushed the chair back further and climbed out from underneath the desk. When I finally stood, forgetting that I was pretty much naked, I saw that sitting in my boyfriend's place was his good friend, Richard. I was outraged and still turned on. I heard heavy breathing behind me and I turned towards it. 

It was Jarrod sitting on the sofa with his cock out stroking himself. He smiled at me knowing I was way beyond pissed. I turned from him and stared at Richard again. 

He and my man had the same build, but what I did not notice before while I was sucking on him, was that his cock was bigger and curved to the right. He just sat there with this silly grin on his face. He was leaning back and stroking his still hard cock, with his pants around his leg.

"Come on baby. I read your little diary. I know this is what you want. This will make me very happy," he said.

I was so mad and yet, he was right. I had been fantasizing about a three-some for a long time, way before I met my man. I wanted to feel two cocks in me at once and I often imagined being taken by surprise by two men walking in on me while I was at home alone. Damn him, but he knew me so well.

Jarrod stood up and walked towards me. My back was still turned so he came up behind me and grabbed my arms, which thrust out my breasts. I wasn't very big, a small b-cup, but my man loved the way he could almost fit them all the way into his mouth. My breath caught in my throat, as this was part of my fantasy. 

"Don't worry, baby, I trust Richard, and I gave everyone the day off early. We are all alone, and no one can help you now", he whispered in my ear.

I was trembling, but no longer in anger. Just that quick I went from being pissed to being totally turned on. Richard, like my man, was white, and I always thought he was hot. I never thought about him in a sexual way, well because he was Jarrod's friend. But all that was over now. 

Richard stood up, cock still hard, and took off his shoes, and his pants. He finished undressing and walked over towards us, with his cock bouncing in a way that made my mouth watered as I remembered exactly how he tasted. He looked down at me and my breathing became erratic. 

"Umm you look good enough to eat. Finish undressing while I hold her and give her what she wants," said Richard.

My man let me go and Richard picked me up. He walked me over to the sofa and dropped me on it. I screamed a little. Richard just smiled and told me that I could scream all I want as I was at their mercy. I tried to sit up to make myself comfortable, but he pushed me back down. He grabbed my thighs hard and scooted me towards the edge of the sofa. He lifted my legs high and smacked my ass hard.

"We're in charge and you are out little slut, aren't you"?

All I could do was nod, as I was incapable of speaking. I was so turned on that I wanted stimulation now! He bent down and put his face in my pussy. He just sat there for waht seemed like an eternity, not doing anything. I started to squirm and he blew on my hot, steaming pussy. I jumped and tried to sit up again, but my man was there to push me back down.

"I see I am going to have to occupy you up here while he takes care of you down there."

With that said my man situated himself above me and told me to open wide, so he could stuff my mouth full of cock meat. I did as told me. In the meantime Richard was waiting for Jarrod and he started licking my pussy, softly at first, but harder as he started to getting into it. I was about to orgasm and I had to stop sucking on my man. Both men stopped moving and I screamed in frustration.

"Come on slut. Let him cum down your throat, and I might let you get yours." said Richard.

I wanted to cum so badly, that I swallowed my man's cock until I gagged. I started humming and gasping for breath, and still Richard would not continue to suck on my pussy. 

After about another five minutes of this, my man finally shot his load, so much of it that it spilled out of my mouth, onto my chin and under my neck. I was gasping for breath, and I still had not cum. 

"Give me a minute. Damn baby, that was the best fucking blow job you ever gave me. You deserve something special for that," my man said gasping for breath.

Richard put his mouth on me again and with one lick on my clit, I came so hard, that I forgot to breathe and damn near passed out. When I opened my eyes, Jarrod and Richard were both standing there looking down at me all smug.

My man was hard again and Richard had yet to cum. I still had Jarrod's creamy whiteness on my chin and I asked if I could clean up. They just continued to stare at me, stroking.

"No, you can wipe it off with your hand because we want to see you lick it and swallow it like the good little slut you are," my man said.

I did as he told to me as I was his little slut. I knew what was coming next. I was about to be filled with two cocks.

Part 3

"Now get up. We've got your special treat for being such a good little slut," said Richard.

I pushed my way off of the sofa, and stood while they motioned me over towards them. I knew what was next as I was the one who came up with this fantasy. 

I kneeled down in front of them and grabbed both of their cocks in each hand. They smiled at me and I bent towards Jarrod's first and slipped his cock in my mouth again. I sucked and licked on him until I had him glistening. I pulled him out and turned toward Richard and sucked on him hard until he told me to stop.

They both grabbed my arms and pulled me up. They laid me back down on the sofa. Jarrod got down on his knees between my thighs and raised my right leg up, and pressed his way into my gaping, wet hole. 

Richard in the mean time did something that made me cum like crazy. As my man was stroking the inside of my juicy pussy, Richard bent down and started licking my clit while my man's cock was sliding in and out. 

It startled me so, that I started bucking and screaming, as my orgasm exploded within me. I never expected that, but I sure damn well liked it.

After I came down to earth, Jarrod pulled his throbbing hardness out of my slit, and pulled me up again, as Richard took my place. My man turned me around to face Richard.

"Baby, are you ready to have both your holes filled with hot cum"? He whispered in my ear.

I nodded my head yes. I got on top of Richard and slid down on his thick meat, feeling full. I sat there a minute to get used to him. I felt Jarrod behind us. 

He put his hand on my back and pushed me down until my ass was in the position he wanted. Richard grabbed my ass and spread my cheeks wide. I could feel my man behind me, slowly probing my backside, pushing his way in ever so slowly, until he was finally all the way in. I was so overwhelmed, and I could not move. 

"Oh damn baby! This ass is mine, and I can do anything I want with it , can't I?" 

I didn't answer as I was enjoying the feeling of two cocks in me at once. Jarrod slapped my ass and asked me the question again. I gasped out yes, and they started to move. 

I screamed at the intense pleasure/pain that I was feeling. As Richard pulled out, my man pushed in. I was getting closer and closer to cumming and I was losing my mind the whole way. At first they moved slow, and all I did was lay there as they worked. But as the pressure of two hard, throbbing cocks in both of my holes intentsified, I started to move in counterpoint to their rythm. 

They pumped me faster and harder until my throat was raw from all the screaming I did. Then Richard yelled that he was cumming and shot his load deep inside my pussy until it ran out and down between my thighs. I followed and then my man. We all laid there until I moved to get comfortable.

They eased out of me slowly and helped me up. I had a silly grin on my face because while this was for my man, it was also something I had been wanting to try forever. 

We cleaned up, though I was tired and boneless from all the activity. I looked at them both as we dressed, and all I could think of was when was the next encounter because I was more than ready to do this again.