 "I hope you don't mind. I invited Alison in for a shower."

I realized I was still naked and started to grab for the sheets to cover up out of reflex, but there was no need, I was already under the covers.

"Don't worry, she didn't see a thing. But I got a few nice shots while you were sleeping." A mischievous grin appeared on her face. "Like I said, you can delete what you want though."

"I've got a challenge for you, for us." Kati continued, with a sparkle in her eye, "What do you say we see if we can get Alison to pose for a few pictures, and see how much she is willing to reveal?"

"You are a wild one, aren't you? What the hell, I don't think there is going to be anything better to do."

"Ok, pretend you are asleep again."

She got up and went to the bathroom door she knocked. "It's just me, Kati," she said as she opened the door a crack. "Can I come in?"

"Ya," I heard just over the running water.

Kati slipped in with her camera in hand.. I rolled over and buried my face half way in a pillow. Peeking at the clock radio I could make you the reflection of Kati slipping into the bathroom, leaving the door half open. It looked like she was holding the camera up over the shower curtain to get a picture of Alison.

I could faintly hear the women chatting a bit as the shower was turned off.

"So you fucked him?" Alison asked. With the door open and the water off it was easy to hear.

I shifted a bit to be more comfortable, but insuring that I was still covered and could still see the reflection of the bathroom.

"Ya, I was feeling horny in the shower, so I baited him a bit by only wearing a towel out after my shower. While he was in the shower I slipped on one of his shirts. You should have seen his face on both counts, trying not to stare but still really wanting a good look. I managed to spill something on the shirt while eating, so just had to take it off and things took off from there. Hey, that's cool. How long have you had your nipple rings?"

I tried to peek in the reflection on the alarm clock, but only could see Kati facing the shower.

"I got them several years ago on a dare from a girlfriend, and also hoping it would spice things up with my soon to be ex-husband. Needless to say, they didn't do much for him, but I still like them. What I would give for a good fuck. Must be near two years since I last got some."

"Well, they look nice on you. I know this might sound weird, but would you mind if I took a picture of them? I wouldn't include your face and I'll show you the pictures I took of Bill."

"Ok, a couple, but just the rings. I always look fat in pictures."

I tried to peek again, only to see Kati lifting the camera and snapping a couple shots.

"You know, you photograph well. You don't look fat at all. If you wanted to, I could get you work modeling. Some would let you hide your face, but for most you would have to smile. See, here look at the couple I took."

I could see her hold out the camera, with the tiny display facing Alison.

"I thought you weren't going to include my face?" Alison mock protested.

"I just had to, other wise you wouldn't believe me that you look good in pixels. Want to take a few more?" Kati baited.

"Only if I get them and you don't even keep any copies."

"Fine by me. We can delete anything and it is gone – never happened. Let me get a couple while your are still in the shower. There, hold the towel up a bit. Good, now hold it out. Nice."

Peeking I could see Kati backing out of the bathroom door, making room for Alison to exit the shower.

"What about the door?"

"Don't worry, he's still sleeping." Kati look back at me over her shoulder. "And what's the big deal? I thought you wanted to get fucked anyway. Now, wrap yourself in the towel and step up to the mirror."

I could see just past Kati, as Alison followed her instructions. He didn't look as heavy as she did when I first saw her at the airport. Alison looked past Kati into the room. I prayed she hadn't seen me peeking as I closed my eyes.

"Good, now redo your towel just around your waist. Look into the mirror."

I couldn't resist and opened my eyes again. I could just make out her large tits and little flashes of light reflecting off her rings. I so wanted to turn and get a good look.

"Ok, now take the towel and dry your hair."

I could just see her ass as Kati moved to take more pictures. It was a bit on the large side for my taste, but at least it was not rippling with fat.

"How do you feel?" Asked Kati as, she moved closer to Alison.

"A bit nervous, but also a bit excited."

"Can a take a few more pictures?"

"Sure."

Kati was blocking any chance of a view now.

"May I see your rings?"

"Ok." There was a slight pause. "Hmmm, sorry it just feels good to have some one touch me, even if you're just checking out the jewelry."

"How about this?" Kati said in a soft voice.

"Oh, that's nice. I've never been touched that way by another woman."

"Relax then, if it becomes uncomfortable I can stop."

My cock was swelling at the thought of the two women going at it. I peeked again at my make shift mirror. Kati had on hand on Alison's breast and appeared to have her mouth on the other. Alison was looking down at her, towel still in one hand while the other was coming to rest on the back of Kati's head.

Kati began kissing her way down to Alison's pussy, as she dropped to her knees. Alison made no attempt to resist.

Looking up, Kati said "How about we move to the bed?"

Suddenly self conscious, Alison moved back pulled the towel up, and looked my way.

"Come on, you were the one wanting a good fuck. What guy would turn down two women making out in his bed as he woke up?" Kati tried to keep Alison in the moment.

Alison looked down at her. Kati reached up and tugged at the towel. I closed my eyes.

"Come on sweetie, give it a try."

It was torture not seeing what was happening. There was a long silence, or at least it seem very long trying to discern what was happening just by sound. Then it was clear, I heard foot steps approaching the bed.

"Just lay down and let me take care of you."

I could feel Alison climb on the bed next to me. I could hear Kati taking off my shirt she was wearing and slipping off her shorts.

"Relax" I heard Kati say as I could feel her climbing on the bed too.

My cock was rock hard as I imagined what was happening, based on the sounds next to me in bed. How long did I wait to "wake up"? I so wanted to see Alison's tits with their rings, and to have Kati suck my cock again.

"Hmmmm, that feels so good." Alison let out.

"Good, that's just what I wanted to hear. It makes me feel good too."

I could feel more movement near the bottom of the bed. 

Alison moaned again.

"Hmmm, you taste so good," Kati cooed as Alison moaned some more.

I couldn't stand it any more and started to roll over.

The first thing I saw as Alison's knees, spread apart and Kati's head in her crotch. Kati tilted her head up enough to make eye contact and continued licking Alison. Kati's arms were wrapped around outside Alison's legs so she could reach up and fondle Alison's tits.

I placed my hand on Alison pale, white stomach, gliding toward her large boobs. I was temporarily mesmerized by her nipple rings. One was a small gold hoop on the right and on the left a sliver barbell. As my hand reached the breast closest to me, Kati's hand moved over to my chest and stared down, pulling away the sheet.

Finally I looked Alison in the face. Her face was red and the expression hard to read. She looked at me with cold blue eyes that sparkled. She gave a half smile. Was she embarrassed, excited, on the verge of orgasm?

I tweaked the barbell and she closed her eyes Alison reached out with her hand and grabbed my cock, gently sliding her hand up and down the shaft. I could feel what must have been Kati's free hand fondling my balls.

Shifting around I began teasing the barbell nipple with my tongue, moving my hand to her other breast. My hand intertwined with Kati's as we kneaded the flesh. A shiver traversed Alison's body as I began to suck on the erect nipple.

I felt awkward ignoring Kati, with Alison getting all the attention. Not having been with more than one woman at a time, I wasn't sure what to do. I also felt I was getting close to blowing my wad and wanted to bury my rod somewhere before making a mess.

Alison was beginning to pant. She must be getting very close. I decided I wanted my cock in her mouth as she came, so got up and straddled her, knees on either side and my hands on the wall above the head board as I poked her face. She took the hint and opened her mouth, bringing me in as her tongue wiggled around my head as it passed back toward her throat. She looked me in the eye as she tried to move me in and out with the little room she had between me and the pillow.

I rocked a bit, driving my cock to the back of her throat, causing her to gag a bit. I didn't care that much, it felt good to me. Apparently it wasn't so bad for her as she started to try to scream as her body convulsed with the waves of the orgasm racking her body. I continued banging her until I shot cum down her throat.

I felt movement on the bed and hands reaching around my chest, teasing my nipples. Kati was there. I turned my head toward her and was treated to a big wet kiss. I could taste Alison as tongues spared.

Now completely spent, I pulled my dick out of Alison's mouth and climbed off of her. Although awkward with the three of us on the bed I reach down to finger Kati's pussy again. She was dripping wet. I started to move my head toward her pussy, but she protested.

"No," she said softly. "I want Alison to do it."

Alison moved cautiously into position. Then with her tongue sticking out she slowly moved in until it just brushed Kati's pussy lips.

"Ohhh, that's it." Kati encouraged. "Just like that. Do it just how you would want it done for you."

I fondled Kati's breasts with one hand as I watched Alison's exploration. Kati pulled my head toward hers and whispered in my ear.

"Get the camera and take a few pictures. I want something more to help remember this."

I moved off and retrieved the camera from the desk. I snapped a picture from behind Alison, with Kati smiling above her. Moving around the bed I got a few from the side and then several looking down at Alison over Kati's beautiful tits.

"Ok, give me that and you take a turn." Kati suggested to me.

Handing the camera over I stretched out next to her on the bed with my head near her crotch. I gently nudged Alison out of the way and began working on Kati's clit again. Alison sat there watching.

"Come up here with me," Kati called to Alison. "Give me a kiss."

Kati seemed to be having fun directing the action. Alison complied, at lease she moved away and the sounds I heard were consistent with kissing.

"Thank you," Kati said softly. "I really enjoyed being the first woman you tasted. It made it exciting for me. I hope you enjoyed it too."

"It was different, but I think I like it, but I still like the feel of a penis in me. It is also a bit weird being with more than one person." Alison replied bashfully.

"Ya, the first time is like that. Here, touch me like this" More direction from Kati. "Ya, that's it. Ohhh, you do that well. Now use your tongue."

I wanted so bad to look but couldn't from my angle. I started to move, but then a hand grabbed my cock and prevented me from moving further.

"Where do you think your going?" There was a gentle tough and then the soft, warm brush of a tongue on tip of my limp prick. This was followed by my being sucked fully in the mouth and bitten gently. By reflex I tried to pull away, but she only bit harder. I froze as pain replaced the odd sensation of teeth on my cock. She returned to gently chewing on my meat as it slowly began to harden again.

I did my best to not stop stimulating Kati through all this and was rewarded as her body shook as she approached orgasm.

My dick slipped out of Kati's mouth as she moaned, climax rocking her body. With my head between her legs she squeezed her thighs together, trapping me as she shuddered and twisted.

After a short while she relaxed and released my head and I turned myself around, so we had our heads resting on pillows at the top of the bed. Kati was in the middle recovering as rested my hand on her breast as we all rested for a bit.

Just as my hard-on started to fade, Alison reached out and stroked my cock.

"Will you come over here?" She asked, tugging gently on my dick.

I climbed over Kati as Alison guided me between her open legs. I slipped right in and began pounding away at her pussy.

Kati slid off the bed and snapped a couple pictures before returning Alison's side. There she began playing with Alison's tits.

It wasn't too long before Alison was cuming again. It took a while before I was able to release, but when I did it was worth it. It was the best feeling as energy just seemed to blast through me, and finally collapsing between the women exhausted.

As we lay there in our various states of exhaustion and ecstasy we all drifted off to sleep.

I woke up with a euphoric feeling. Everything seemed just right. The bed was just the right temperature and the sheets were just the right softness, but in this case included the soft and warm female bodies on either side of me. Ok, it wasn't a dream. I was on my side facing Alison, asleep on her back, with my arm draped over her. Kati was spooning me and had her arm over me, with her hand resting just bellow Alison's breasts.

I lay there reveling in the sensations afforded by three naked bodies sandwiched together, the scent of our sweat on the sheets. Replaying the course of events leading to this point several thoughts kept returning. "You lucky son of a bitch," although I had fantasized about a threesome, the closes I had ever come was watching a porno. "What the fuck are you doing?" If Jenni ever found out.... "What do we do now?"

My thoughts were interrupted by the sound of a sheet of paper sliding under the hotel room door. After a few minutes curiosity got the best of me and I moved go get up. Alison stirred slightly, turning her had toward me and opening her eyes. There was an initial flash of surprise, which quickly melted into a smile of recognition. She leaned forward and kissed me.

"Thanks for sharing your bed," she whispered. "Sleeping on the couch in the lobby would have sucked."

"My pleasure," I replied as I continued to get up.

"Where are you going?" Kati asked.

"Got to use the bathroom." Which was true. I twisted around and kissed her

Sliding of the end of the bed I paused to enjoy the view of the naked women in the bed. Kati slid over and snuggled in next to Alison, giving her a kiss on the shoulder before resting her head on the pillow.

I retrieved the slip of paper from the door and headed in to the bathroom. Closing the door I flipped on the light, damn that was bright. Sitting on the toilet I peed as I read. "Thanksgiving dinner will be available in the hotel restaurant starting at 1pm or can be delivered by room service. Please place room service orders by 11am."

Finished with my business, I turned the light out and left the bathroom. There was just enough light from outside the window to see the lovely shapes of the women laying in bed as my eyes adjusted to the dark.

I spooned in behind Kati, but couldn't resist fondling her breast as I brought my arm around to snuggle in. Given how they were laying together, I also managed to get Alison's breast too. All the while nuzzling my cock to rest in Kati's crack.

"Trying to start something again?" Kati whispered.

I said nothing as I let my hand go limp on their tits. Kissing her bare shoulder I nuzzled my face into her hair as my head rested on the pillow again. I drank in the sweet smell of her hair as I drifted off to sleep again.

I woke to the sound of the TV. The room was a bit brighter from the light coming through the window between the crack in the curtains. It was still over cast and blowing snow. Alison was sitting up surfing through the channels.

"What time is it?" I asked.

"Seven. I couldn't handle laying there any longer. Sorry if I woke you."

"No problem. I am usually up much earlier."

I slipped away from Kati and headed for the bathroom for a shower. After starting the water for the shower, I made a short detour to the toilet, before stepping under the warm water. It felt good as I turned it a bit hotter.

"Mind if I join you?" It was Alison's voice.

"I don't have a problem with that," I replied as I poured some shampoo in my and began to lather up.

I leaned out of the way to allow the water to hit her body as she reached for the mini bar of soap. After rubbing the bar in her hands, rather than washing herself she put her soapy hands on me. Starting on my chest and working down to my cock and balls.

"Thank you for sharing your room with me, and thanks for last night," she said as she looked me in the eyes, all the while stroking dick as it grew hard.

"Your welcome. And thank you too. I don't know of much worse than spending a night alone in a hotel room."

"Ya, I agree. I have had far too much of that lately. I wish..." ..She left the sentence unfinished.

I could feel the shampoo running down my forehead, toward my eyes. She reached up to wipe the suds away.

"You better rinse before it gets in you eyes."

I leaned back and began to rinse my hair. She continued stroking my cock. As I finished rinsing I felt her mouth on my dick. Sucking with a passion, gently she squeezed my balls as she worked her tongue around my cock. With her vigorous activity it wasn't long before I was cuming in her mouth. She consumed it as if it were some special treat from childhood and seemed slightly disappointed when is was gone.

"That was great! Thanks," I said as she stood up.

"Your welcome," she said in a mockingly over polite voice. "Thank you," she continued as she leaned in for a kiss.

With our tongues dancing, I could taste the saltiness of my cum in her mouth. I reached down and grabbed her ass, pulling her tight against me. She traced her hands up my chest and neck until they rested on either side of my head.

Breaking our kiss, Alison guided my had down until I engaged her left breast with my mouth and tongue. I brought my left hand up to caress her idle right tit, while my right hand found it's way to her pussy. Slowly we turned so the shower was at her back and she pushed me down. I kissed her stomach as I went to my knees. I kept kissing until I flicked my tongue out between her swollen pussy lips. It was wonderful to work her shaved pussy. No stray hair in up the nose or in the mouth. The only drag was the water running down her body into my face. I alternated between squeezing her ass and her tits as I teased her clit with my tongue. I didn't have to work too long before she began to moan and held tight to as much of my hair she could grab. Her body went rigid, then shuddered as the waves of orgasm over took her. I dutifully kept up until she pushed my face way from her pussy.

Dropping to her knees she kissed me, "Oh, thank you. That was wonderful. Just how I dreamed it last night."

Grabbing my cock in one hand and gently pushing me back until I was lying down in the tub, straddling me she guided my semi-rigid cock into her pussy and started fucking me.

"Was this part of your dream too?" I asked, shielding my face from hot water still flowing from the shower.

"No, I just felt like I need a dick in me, and you just happen to have one. Oh, you do feel so good," she said as she road me.

Leaning forward a bit she shielded me from the water, so I handled her tits some more. Having been so busy of late, it was taking me longer to climax, but she was still enjoying herself too. Twisting my arm around I was able to get a finger on her clit as she bounced up and down.
