 This is a true story of how a night out with my girlfriend and our friends escalated into something we'll never forget. 

My girlfriend, Kelly, is the total package. She's sexy, smart and adventurous. She's only 5'3" but she has a tight little frame that will turn anyone on - think Hayden Panettiere. Rachel and Nate are our good friends. Rachel's body is pretty much the exact opposite of Kelly but equally as sexy. She is about 5'10" with huge tits and a nice thick ass - think Alexandra Daddario.

The plan for the night was we would hit the bars and then head back to my parents' house for a little hot tub action. My parents were on vacation for 2 weeks so they wouldn't be around.

We get home after partying for a few hours at the bar and everyone changes into their suits, and we head straight for the hot tub drinks in hand. Someone suggested truth or dare and without hesitation everyone agreed. It started off pretty tame and we are all laughing and having a good time. The game turned sexual when i chose truth and Kelly asked me if i ever showed Nate picture of her naked. I paused for a second before admitting to share a couple shots. She playfully slapped me on the chest followed by a lighthearted "I figured."

Rachel was next and immediately said "Wait does that mean Ian has seen my pictures?"

Nate replied "Hey that's not fair I didn't pick truth yet!"

Rachel shot back "Just answer the question!"

Nate laughed and said "Well, I had to return the favor!"

The girls joked that we were perverts and the game moved on. When the game got back to me I chose Kelly and she went with dare. I dared her to "Take your suit off for the rest of the game."

With little hesitation she said started undoing her top and shot me a glance saying "I'm underwater, and even if I wasn't apparently everyone here has seen me naked anyway!" While we were all laughing at her comment she handed me her top quickly followed by her bottoms. I set them off the edge of the hot tub and the game moved on. She remained underwater the entire time she stripped but it was still really erotic knowing my girlfriend was that close to being naked in front of everyone. We've done a bunch of different dares and games throughout our relationship where she's flashed strangers or even my friends. She's an exhibitionist like that and I'm a bit of a voyeur so definitely was planning on getting her to show off tonight.

When the game got the Rachel she chose Kelly to pick truth of dare, which was kind of surprising because up to this point the girls were picking on the guys and vice versa. Kelly chose dare and Rachel thought for a brief moment before saying "Do 5 jumping jacks outside the tub." 

Kelly immediately protested jokingly saying "You bitch!" 

She sat there for a brief second before Rachel piped up saying "A dare is a dare, what are you waiting for?" 

Kelly replied "I'll get you back!" and reluctantly began to get out of the hot tub. When she stood up there was enough light outside you would clearly see the water running over her nipples. There isn't a graceful way to get out of a hot tub so she basically mooned all of us on her way out. Standing just a few feet away Kelly did her jumping jacks. Her perky B-cup tits bouncing to every jump. 

The game commenced again and Rachel accepted a dare from Nate. He thought for a second and said "you know what I think I am going to pass this dare to Kelly." 

Thinking Kelly was going to get her back Rachel objected that it fair, but it was three against one so of course she lost and she was left awaiting her fate from Kelly. When she came up with an Idea Kelly said "I'm actually going make it easy on you, I dare you to get us some new drinks." We booed lightly while Rachel was relieved and stood up to head out of the hot tub. Before she could get out Kelly stopped her and said "Wait what are you doing?"

Rachel gave her a confused look and said "Going to get us drinks."

Kelly quickly responded "You didn't think you'd be wearing any clothes, did you sweetie?"

Rachel screamed "I knew that was coming!"

"Payback is a bitch. Here let me help you with that" Kelly gleefully replied as stood up and undid Rachel's bikini top. Out came her huge D-cup tits which she didn't even bother trying to cover up. I'd seen them in pictures before but it was a thousand times hotter in real life with both girls standing side by side topless. The water rose up just over Kelly's pussy so you couldn' tsee anything but Rachel was taller and not as lucky. So when Kelly pulled off Rachel's bottoms everyone got a clear view of her bare slit. Rachel had only been with 2 guys before Nate while I was the 10th guy Kelly slept with, but neither of the girls were shy about showing off.

I don't know if anyone said a word as we watched Rachel head into the house butt ass naked. She returned with a plate full of drinks and a bottle of tequila saying "If I'm going to be the naked drink girl all night I'm going to be drunk" everyone laughed and the game resumed.

When it got around to me I chose Kelly hoping she would pick dare as I already had something in mind. Luckily she did and I dared her to let everyone in the hot tub spank her. I knew her ass was her favorite part of her body (with good reason) and she wouldn't mind showing it off. She smirked and me and stood up in the middle of the hot tub but only the top of her butt came out of the water so I told her to bend over the side of the hut tub. When her bare ass was completely exposed to the group I was the first one to line up and take a smack at it. It jiggled, and bounced right back to where it started. Rachel was next to go and lightly spanked her. Apparently too lightly, as Kelly egged her on saying "You can do better than that!" Rachel wasn't about to back down. I was sitting next to kelly and when rachel slapped her ass the second time even Kelly's tits were bouncing. Kelly loved to be spanked so I knew she was enjoying this. Nate was the last to go and I was wondering to myself how aggressive he would be. Apparently he didn't want to be called out by Kelly for not doing it hard enough because he spanked her the hardest out of the group and held his hand on her ass for a second or two afterwards for good measure. It felt weird seeing my friend's hand on my girlfriend's bare bottom, but it was more of a turn on than anything.

The girls basically dared the guys to get naked so now nobody was wearing anything. When it was Nate's turn he dared Rachel to let the group take a body shot off of her. We didn't have a shot glass so Nate just poured tequila between her tits while we did our best to lick it up. I'd be lying if I said it wasn't the best shot I've ever had. Watching Kelly basically motorboat Rachel wasn't too bad either.

Things got a little more bold when I dared Kelly to take a naked lap around the block. My parents lived in a really quiet safe neighborhood so I wasn't worried about anyone being out but Kelly asked "Do you really wanted your naked girlfriend running around the block alone?"

Rachel didn't skip a beat before offering her own boyfriend up as protection "Nate will go with you."

Nate was protesting saying it wasn't his dare, when Rachel interrupted and said "Poor guy, you have to walk around the block with a hot naked chick. Nobody feels bad for you."

With things now in perspective the two of them were about to get out of the hot tub when Rachel brought up a good point, "How will we know if the even go around the block. They could just wait inside the house and come out two minutes later." We decided they would take their phone with and snap a picture under each street corner.

Nate and Kelly got out of the hot tub and disappeared from our sight and again I had that weird excited/jealous feeling in my stomach knowing that my girlfriend was alone and naked with my friend. My attention was soon diverted when I noticed Rachel sat up a little straighter, no doubt on purpose, to the point where her nipples were exposed. We made small talk and she teased me like that until Kelly and Nate returned. They were out of breath and laughing hysterically at their latest adventure. We asked for proof, which they provided on Kelly's cell phone. The first of three pics on the camera was Kelly standing on the street butt naked. The second was one Kelly took Nate covering up his junk and the third was a selfie of the two of them. Nate's arm around Kelly and her right boob firmly pressed against his chest with both of them smiling into the camera. It's fair i was really turned on now!

When the game got to Nate he picked Kelly for truth or dare. By this point truth was pretty much off the table so he dared her to makeout with someone of her choice. I knew she wouldn't pick me because that's boring so I figured Rachel was the obvious choice, which i was excited to see. But she surprised me by saying "Since you were brave enough to run around the block with me I think you deserve it. That is if it's alright with everyone else." Rachel said she didn't care and I told them to go for it as well. I was curious to see how I would feel watching Kelly kiss another guy. With everyone's affirmation Kelly moved over to Nate and started slowly making out with him. A pit was immediately lodged into my stomach but I didn't want it to stop. She quickly moved to his lap so all i could see was her bare back, and the kissing became more intense. I could clearly hear them full on making out. Nate's hands were nowhere to be seen so I assumed he was fondling her ass. His dick was undoubtedly hard now and brushing against her ass as well. They made out for probably 30 seconds before breaking away. You could cut the sexual tension with a knife. We all sat there for moment in silence. I finally broke the ice by asking "Is everyone OK with the direction this night is heading?" 

Nate and Rachel assured each other they were good while Kelly and I made eye contact and smiled at each other. Kelly was really drunk and really horny so it wasn't surprising that she was the next person to make a move. She was still sitting next to Nate after their makeout session so she put her right hand under the water and started apparently giving him a handjob. "Was her hand really on Nate's dick," I wondered. Her shoulder began moving up and down and now there really wasn't any doubt to what was going on. With that, Rachel moved across the hot tub and to me and straddled me. We began making out with me. My emotions raced through my body faster than my hands could cover Rachel's incredible curves. I thought I know we agreed we are all good with this but how far would it really go? That's when I heard a noise I was all too familiar with, Kelly lightly gasping for air. My thoughts raced, "Were they fucking already?" I moved my head away from Rachel so I could confirm my suspicions. Kelly had her arms around Nate's neck and she was rhythmically riding him. I thought, "Wow that didn't take long." Her back was arched and it rose in and out of the water every time she slowly and methodically rode Nate's dick. Rachel was looking over her shoulder watching this as well. We both watched and listened momentarily until she told me to sit on the edge of the hot tub where she started blowing me. My new position at the edge of the hot tub left me with in plain view of Kelly and Nate having sex while still enjoying Rachel doing down on me. 

I couldn't take anymore, if Nate was fucking my girl I was going to do the same to his. I lowered myself back into the water and moved Rachel onto my cock. She felt and looked amazing. The problem with her riding me was that I couldn't see what was going on with Kelly. That was until Kelly appeared next to me placing her hands on the edge of the hot tub and moving her knees onto the seat next to me. She was bent over enough to the point where I knew exactly what was happening. Nate was about to take her from behind. Rachel was still riding me so my view of Kelly's ass was blocked but all I needed to do was look at my girlfriend's face to know what was happening. She was smiling at me and we were making eye contact when he entered her again. She bit her lower lip and closed her eyes making it obvious she was enjoying herself. Her shoulders and arms tightened, as did her grip on the edge of the hot tub, as Nate began to do her harder. I could hear his hips collide with her ass and see her tits bounce with every one of his thrusts. I took this all in for awhile before Rachel and I copied their position. I was next to Nate having my way with his girlfriend and he was doing the same to mine. It was weird looking over at an ass I fucked so many times and watching a different cock ram in and out of it. 

Nate and I were pretty drunk at this point and the water made it almost impossible to move fast enough to cum so we moved the party inside. When we were walking in, for whatever reason, I asked Kelly if she wanted to be double teamed. I think she was a little taken back but she kind of threw her hands in the air and said "Tonight is a night firsts, what the hell!" 

With that, we followed her to the couch where she got on all fours and Nate got behind her again. I sat down by her head and once he started fucking her she began to blow me. I'll admit I was really jealous watching Nate give it to Kelly, especially when she had trouble keeping my dick in her mouth because he was fucking her so hard. But on top of the jealousy I was turned on like I've never been before. 

Rachel was roaming around feeling all three of us up while Kelly was getting double teamed. After awhile, Kelly stopped sucking my dick and started using my thigh as support while Nate continued to hammer her ass. This was a little too emasculating for me so I moved over a little and let Rachel start riding me again. It was at that point I heard and watched Kelly cum for the first time of the night. She asked for it harder and when Nate delivered she let him know he was doing a could job by moaning loud enough to wake the neighbors. Her arms went limp and her face collapsed onto the couch with her ass still in the air for Nate to continue to fuck. The combo of making Kelly cum while watching Rachel ride me must've been too much for Nate, as he pulled out and came on Kelly's back and ass. He got up to get her a towel and I have to admit looking over at my girlfriend, who had moved back up to all fours, waiting for my friend to clean his cum on her back was a sight I didn't think I'd ever see. He finally came back and the two of them stayed in the room, still unclothed, and watched Rachel and I continue to fuck. 

I laid my new partner on her back on the couch and with a firm grip around her waist I started to giver her everything I had. She through her hands over her head and moaned in ecstasy as Kelly had done earlier. Her giant tits bounced all over her chest. Kelly left the chair, where she was with Nate, and knelt down beside Rachel and began to make out with her and fondle her breasts while I continued to fuck her. Physically and visually this I was all I could take. I pulled out and came all over her tits and stomach. Kelly even jerked me off a little but towards the end of me cumming. I guess you know you have a good girlfriend when she'll finish jerking you off onto her friends huge tits. I wiped Rachel off and we all sat down for a second catching out breath when Nate was like "What the fuck just happened?!" We all laughed but no one had a good answer, things definitely escalated quickly. 

After reflecting briefly everyone gathered their stuff and headed to separate bedrooms. Kelly and I laid next to each other and she thought out loud "That was crazy!" 

I agreed and asked "Did you enjoy it?" I knew if she said no she'd be lying, but she was quick to admit she had fun. I asked what her favorite part was and I'll never forget her response.

She looked me in the eye and said "Can I be honest?"

"Of course" I replied.

"Getting double teamed by you two." Her answer took me by surprise but I noticed it made me start to get hard. I asked her to tell me more specifically what she liked and by the time she finished I was ready to go again. She noticed this and climbed on top of me like she was going to ride me. I stopped her and told her I had a better idea. "Go into our friends bedroom and get things going again, I'll would follow you in a little bit." She smiled, kissed me, and I watched her naked ass head for the door. When she left thoughts raced through my mind like wildfire. "Was I crazy to encourage such a great girlfriend to fuck my friend? Could this backfire on us? What were they doing in there right now? Is Nate fucking Kelly again? No, they would wait for me. Maybe she's giving him head. Maybe the girls are dyking out. Fuck I can't take this any longer I need to check it out."

I got up to go see what was happening. I cracked the door open to them already having a threesome. Kelly was on her back and Nate was between her legs. Rachel was lying next to Kelly getting fingered by Nate. Let me tell you, it is a weird sight to walking into a room and seeing your girlfriend getting fucked. "So much for waiting for me," I thought. I sat on the other side of Kelly and watched for a bit. She moved to her side and began to blow me while Nate continued to fuck her. I reached over her and started fondling Rachel's tits. The orgy was on again. This time we took turns tag teaming the girls and they took turns on us. We had all passed the point where anyone gave a shit, it was a free for all. I would be fucking Kelly and Nate would come over and have her suck his dick, just like it was nothing. There was no hesitation either, she would just grab it and put it in her mouth like she was a porn star. We would be fucking each others girls while they were making out with each other. At one point the girls were just swapping back and forth getting double stuffed by Nate and me. It was like it was a wrestling match and they would just tag each other in. Nate tried to DP Kelly one time when she was on top of me, but it just wouldn't work. Talk about new experience, laying on a bed inside your girlfriend with her tits pressed against your chest and her ass in the air waiting for your friend try and get it into her. We continued to swap partners and as I was with Rachel I heard Nate ask Kelly "Where should I cum?"

She immediately responded "Just cum on my face." 

"WHAT? Did I hear that right?" I thought. My head snapped over my shoulder just in time to see Kelly quickly move to her knees and Nate start to jerk off on her. When he was done she sucked him off briefly as I watched the whole thing. She knew I was watching and it was almost like she was showing off. I remember thinking, "Did that just fucking happen?!" 

Rachel, who was underneath me, was also watching the entire thing. She grabbed my head and turned my focus to her. She told me "We can't let them out due us."

I was confused, "You want me to cum on your face?" I asked.

She brought me closer to the point our lips were almost touching and whispered "Yea baby, I want you to cum on my face." Then she got louder "Cum on my face, cum all over my fucking face!" I fucked her as hard as I could and when I was done I straddled her face like she demanded and let it go all over her.

Let's just say the next morning was a little awkward but I think many more swaps are in our future.