 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not.

Note: If you haven't already, read the previous chapters of That New Guy, which are prequels to this story.

*****

The festivities continued for a bit longer, sans Jake who had apparently fallen asleep in the media room while watching SportsCenter. His loss. Everyone else eventually found a place to crash when exhaustion finally overtook each of them. When the sun began to peek in from behind the blinds early the next morning, that wasn't what woke Deb. She was having a very pleasant sex dream despite having been serviced and satisfied countless times the night before. As she gradually awakened, she realized that it was not just a dream and that Chuck was between her legs, voraciously devouring her pussy. He had awakened alone in Jake's sister Ashley's bed just a bit earlier and figured he'd better get out of there since he didn't know if or when she was expected home. Not that she would have complained about finding him naked in her bed, but he still wanted to keep what had happened between the two of them from Jake. Plus, she was smart enough to put two and two together if she found him naked and there were a couple of naked, voluptuous girls around the house. The two of them weren't by any means exclusive but he didn't want jeopardize what they did have going, even in exchange for what he'd been experiencing since the previous afternoon.

After taking a leak, the first room he checked as he tried to figure out what had happened to everyone else was the master bedroom, which was where he found Deb. Seeing her sprawled out alone on the massive bed, her succulent tits and smooth pussy called out to him. His cock was stiffening as he slipped into the room and approached the bed. He contemplated waking her but she was positioned perfectly to just crawl onto the bed and start lapping at her pussy. Initially, he was just running his tongue lightly along her slit but, once she started responding without waking up, he started really slurping up the juices as they started to flow. Still apparently asleep, she spread her legs even more and started subtly humping her pussy toward his face. It wasn't long after he slipped a finger into her and started sliding it in and out while licking and sucking her clit that she woke up. By that point, she was already on the verge of cumming yet again and just reached down to hold his head as she humped her pussy toward his face with even more enthusiasm.

Glancing up and seeing her tits squeezed together between her arms, he knew he'd be fucking them again this morning but he planned to slip his cock into her hot, wet pussy first, once he was done eating it. She was moaning louder and longer as she got closer to cumming and the way she was writhing was making her tits jiggle, which made his cock even harder. He knew she'd be open for whatever he suggested once she'd cum so he decided he wanted those beauties right in front of him as she rode his cock. As her pussy became even wetter and more engorged, he knew it wouldn't be much longer. He hadn't even known her for twenty-four hours but he had learned a lot about her body in a very short time. She started tensing up, confirming that she was right on the verge of another orgasm, and had gone silent, as though she was holding her breath. When she finally let out a cry, all of the tension also left her body as she started shaking. He continued eating her pussy as she was cumming, raising his head only once she'd gone still and had let out a long sigh.

He crawled up next to her, pausing to lick and suck her hard nipples before lying beside her. She leaned in to kiss him while reaching down and finding his rigid cock. He rolled onto his back as she started getting up onto her knees, still stroking his tool. Kneeling straight up over him, she guided his cock to her smooth pussy as he reached up to caress her succulent tits. Her pussy felt just as hot and wet as he'd expected and they both moaned as his cock was engulfed within it. She sat there on it for a moment then slowly began to move up and down, knowing that it wouldn't take much before she was cumming again and wanting to savor the build-up. She didn't really see spending the morning the way they'd all spent the previous evening, so she was thinking that, after this, she'd probably need to track down her bikini so she could hit the road.

When Meg awoke, despite also having been serviced and satisfied countless times the previous night, she was still horny and was pleased to find that she was between Tony and Byron, who were both still as naked as she was. They were both sound asleep, though, so she just reached down and took a cock in each hand, feeling them grow and causing both of them to start stirring. By the time they were both fully rigid, they were also both fully awake and were fondling her big titties. As she pumped their tools, she was considering which one to ride and which one to suck. She started to sit up, not releasing their cocks, then got up onto her knees to straddle Byron while telling Tony to stand up. As she was guiding Byron's cock to her pussy, he was reaching for her tits again and Tony was bringing his cock close to her face.

She moaned as Byron's cock slid into her then reached for Tony's cock again and wrapped her lips around it while gripping the base in one hand and cupping his balls in the other. It took a moment to get synchronized but, while she focused on sucking Tony's cock, she was positioned so that Byron could just push his cock up into her over and over while he was fondling her tits. Her pussy was incredibly wet and hot, due both to waking up horny and to feeling their cocks grow in her hands, so Byron was savoring the feel of it as he plunged his thick cock in and out of her. Likewise, Tony was enjoying her oral talent once again.

Meanwhile, down an admittedly long hallway, Deb was finding it difficult to maintain the slow, steady pace to relish her building orgasm and was riding harder and faster in pursuit of it. This caused her tits to bounce like crazy so Chuck had slid his hands around to her ass to enjoy that visual while pulling her down on his cock as he pushed up into her. She would definitely be cumming before he did which meant that he'd have his opportunity to fuck her tits and, if he came in her mouth, he'd consider that hitting for the cycle. Of course he hadn't fucked Deb in her ass the way he had with Meg but he wasn't certain that it was something that Deb would be into and, if she was, he was certain he'd have another better opportunity. As if to confirm this, he slipped a finger along the crack of her ass while she continued to ride him and, when he found her asshole, he started to massage it with his fingertip. He wasn't surprised that, as she already appeared so close to cumming, she almost immediately let out a gasp and started shaking as she experienced another orgasm.

She did slow down again as she rode the wave of pleasure washing over her but her pussy still felt outstanding regardless of the pace. He continued to massage her asshole while watching her jiggling tits until she opened her eyes again and leaned down to kiss him. After making out for a moment, he rolled her onto her back and slipped his cock out of her pussy. Moving up to straddle her ribs, she knew what was coming and was glad to be able to offer her cleavage to him after the two intense orgasms he'd just given her. She squeezed her tits together around his tool and he started to slowly slide it between them. They both watched as the head barely peeked from her cleavage each time he pushed forward. She was hoping that, if he didn't slip his cock into her mouth, he would be able to spurt as far as her face so she could taste his cum. He was hoping that, as good as it felt to fuck her tits, he could manage to get his cock to her mouth before he came to enjoy her oral talents, however briefly.

While Meg's oral talents were not wasted on Tony, she was definitely less focused as she approached her own orgasm, which was fine with him because he knew she wasn't selfish and would make sure he experienced as much pleasure as she did. Byron could feel her pussy becoming even hotter and wetter the longer she rode him and was enjoying that feeling as it moved up and down his tool. He would have been okay cumming in her pussy but he suspected that, once she'd cum, she'd have them moving around to try something different. He was totally okay with that, too. In fact, since he, like Deb, was not expecting to spend the day, or even the entire morning, as they'd spent the previous evening, he wanted to experience as much of Meg's body as he could while he had the opportunity.

He'd started out with his hands on her tits but, just as Chuck had Deb, once Meg's tits were bouncing, he was watching them while his hands went around to her full ass. Having Tony's hairy ass above him was not as bad as it had been the previous day when he'd been eating Deb's smooth pussy and he could see Meg sucking his cock which was pretty arousing. There wasn't much else that could have distracted his attention from her bouncing tits, though he did glance down occasionally at her landing strip to watch his cock repeatedly disappearing below it.

She tried to at least keep pumping Tony's cock as she approached the verge of orgasm, but couldn't seem to continue sucking it. Even pumping it required more focus than she could muster as her body started tensing up right before the massive explosion of pleasure caused her to cry out. Her body shook as she was cumming and Byron never let up, continuing to pump his cock in and out of her pussy as it was flooded with additional lubrication. He savored the increasingly pleasurable feeling while he could and, when she finally came back down again, she climbed off of his cock while releasing Tony's. She moved down between Byron's legs, remaining on her knees, and took his cock in her hand while motioning for Tony to get behind her. As she wrapped her lips around Byron's cock, Tony knelt behind her and ran his hands over her full, fleshy ass before guiding his cock into her pussy.

Chuck could feel his orgasm slowly building with a great deal of pleasure as he continued fucking Deb's tits. He had every intention of finishing in her mouth but he wanted to fuck her tits for as long as he could because it felt so fucking good. He knew having her mouth wrapped around his cock would feel pretty fucking good, too, which was probably the only thing that kept him from fucking her tits until he blew his load all over her sternum. When he slipped his cock out of her cleavage, she immediately released her tits and reached for his ass to pull him in toward her mouth. She opened wide as he guided his tool between her lips, then started moving her mouth up and down his shaft. He moaned as he felt her hot mouth sucking him and was glad that he'd been able to make the transition.

As Chuck felt his orgasm building up due to Deb's oral skills, Byron was also already feeling his own starting to build. After fucking Meg through her orgasm, it didn't take much more stimulation to get him on the verge of cumming. Tony, on the other hand, was savoring the feeling of burying his cock in Meg's hot, slippery pussy after being so patient while she'd been cumming and hadn't been able to focus on his pleasure. He was watching her ass jiggle each time his hips tapped against it and the only thing that could take his attention away from that was knowing that her big titties were swinging as he was fucking her. He slipped his hands down from her waist to cup them, feeling her hard nipples against his palms.

Meg was pumping the base of Byron's cock as she moved her mouth up and down his rigid shaft, only pausing to occasionally lick his balls. He was savoring the pleasure she was providing, not trying to hold out to enjoy it longer, but more trying to just relax and let his orgasm come on. Knowing that Byron was close, Meg reached back to massage her clit with one hand while using just her mouth on his cock. Tony's hands on her tits were pushing her toward another orgasm along with his thrusting cock, but she knew it wouldn't hurt to help herself along a little bit. Before she managed to get there, she felt Byron's cock jerk in her mouth as spurt of his jism hit the back of her throat. She swallowed as she continued sucking, not planning to let his cock out of her mouth until she knew he was fully spent.

As Meg was consuming Byron's load, Deb was preparing to receive Chuck's. His cock was swelling even more and his eyes were closed while a look of sheer ecstasy was on his face. He was thrusting slowly toward her face, savoring the pleasure he was feeling just before he exploded into her mouth. Like Meg, she swallowed his load as she continued to suck his cock, not necessarily wanting to let it go. Once he was completely spent, though, he slipped his cock from her mouth and climbed off of her, lying down beside her again.

"We're going to see each other again," he said, "right?"

"We'd better," she replied, "I liked the group stuff but I like the one-one-one stuff, too."

She snuggled her naked body up against him for the moment but knew she'd probably better find Meg soon. She wanted to be out of there before Jake came looking for more action. He'd been fun at first but things had changed and now she liked his friends better. It was good that she didn't head out right away because Meg was still busy. Once Byron was completely spent, she let his cock fall from her mouth as she pushed back against Tony's incoming thrusts while vigorously massaging her clit. She was on the verge of cumming again herself and wanted to make sure she wasn't left hanging. No one had left her hanging yet, unless you counted Jake, but she wasn't counting him anymore. He'd been attentive at first but she was feeling the same way that Deb was, that he had changed. Fortunately, Tony held out long enough for another orgasm to rock her. She let out a cry as her body shook and her pussy was flooded with more lubrication once again.

Tony savored how Meg's pussy had become hotter and wetter when she'd been approaching her orgasm and as she'd been cumming again. He was getting close again himself but there was still one more thing he wanted to do. Once he was certain that Meg had finished riding out her long, intense orgasm, he slipped his cock out of her pussy and had her roll onto her back. He moved up and straddled her mid-section, laying his cock between her tits, which she squeezed together around it. As soon as he started fucking her tits, he could feel his orgasm building again and knew it wouldn't be much longer before he was spewing on her sternum. The soft, smooth flesh pressing against his shaft felt so incredible that he wasn't even considering finishing in her mouth.

He and Meg were both watching as the head of his cock kept peeking from between her tits and even Byron couldn't resist watching, though he was more focused on her tits than on Tony's cock. Tony kept a nice steady pace going, relishing the building pleasure and not wanting to rush his orgasm. He'd have been content to fuck her tits for a good long time but, after her sucking his cock then fucking her from behind, he was way too fired up to hold out. He let out a moan when he finally started spewing on her and she managed to catch a bit of his jizz on her tongue. Once he was completely spent, he slipped his cock from her cleavage and moved to sit on his heels beside her. He and Byron watched as she cleaned the cum from her chest with her fingers then fed it into her mouth.

"I should probably find my clothes," she finally said once she was done.

"I hate to see that body covered up," Tony said, helping her up, "but maybe I'll see it again?"

"Maybe nothing," she replied, "you better want to see it again. Both of you."

"Are you kidding?" Byron asked, "Do we look stupid?"

"Nope, you both look extremely sexy," she replied, "and if I keep looking, I'll lose the will to get dressed."

They got up and headed out the door and down the hall where they found Chuck and Deb and a pile of their clothes. Byron walked back down the hall to Jake's door and peeked in, finding him sound asleep in his own bed.

"He must have collected everything up from outside," Byron surmised, "then just went back to sleep."

"We'll have to remember to thank him," Deb said as she slipped back into her bikini. The guys pulled on their swim trunks and Meg slipped her bikini on then she and Deb got their wraps around their waists and they were all done. They headed downstairs and Byron realized that the mess he'd made with Deb hadn't been cleaned up so he figured he'd better take care of that before he left. The five of them took a moment to exchange contact information then Deb and Meg each gave Byron a long hug and a kiss before they left him in the kitchen. When they got outside, they saw that all of the drinks from the previous evening were still scattered about so Chuck and Tony said good-bye to Deb and Meg, then went over to get things cleaned up while encouraging the two ladies to go ahead and take off. Dressed once again as they had been the previous afternoon, they headed back down the path to where their cars were parked in the driveway.

The end? Not on your life...