 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not.

Note: If you haven't already, read the previous chapters of That New Guy, which are prequels to this story. 

*

"So she showed you this video, stripped naked, then you ate her pussy, fucked her, titfucked her and came in her mouth, right there in your office?" Tony asked.

"And the other one jerked you off in your cubicle while showing you her pictures after she'd fucked you in her car the previous day?" Chuck asked.

"Yes," Jake replied, "I told you that already, you dumbasses."

"Are there any other job openings at your company?" Byron asked.

"They only need one dumb, good looking guy," Chuck replied, "and Jake already has that position."

"Fuck off, dickweed," Jake retorted, "You're going to get left out of the plan if you don't shut the fuck up."

"Oh yeah," Tony said, "the plan. Let's hear it!"

"So, I'm thinking that the limits of this competition that they've got going on need to be tested," Jake began, "and here's how I think it should be done..."

His three best friends remained raptly attentive as he described what he had in mind.

"So I'm housesitting this weekend for these friends of my parents," Jake was explaining the following day at work, "and there's this great pool and a sweet hot tub. I was thinking it could be fun if you wanted to swing by. A little swimming, a little hot-tubbing, with or without swimsuits."

She thought about it from the perspective of one-upsmanship but what ultimately convinced her to agree was the thought of having his cock inside her again. It never even occurred to her to ask if it was just going to be the two of them.

The following afternoon, as Meg pulled into the long driveway, she was stunned to see Deb stepping out of her car, wearing a bikini top and a wrap around her waist, presumably covering the bikini bottom. Her tits looked outstanding. She happened to be wearing a nearly identical outfit and knew that her own tits looked equally amazing. She had a pretty good feeling about what was going on and that somebody was about to regret it.

"What the fuck is this all about?" she asked Deb, who had stopped and waited when she'd seen Meg pull into the driveway.

"Seems like our coworker neglected to fill us in on some minor details about this afternoon's proposed activities," Deb replied.

"Well, he's going to regret that," Meg suggested, "I assume you're with me that we should let him know that he just went from four outstanding tits to zero."

"You know it," Deb replied, "Chicks before Dicks!"

They stormed around the back of the house, following the path he'd indicated, full of piss and vinegar and ready to rip him a new one. The path led them right to the pool and they stopped in their tracks when it felt like they had walked right into a men's swimsuit photo shoot. Four of the most perfect male specimens they'd ever seen were standing around wearing nothing but swim trunks. They realized that one of them was Jake but neither had ever seen him with his shirt off and he looked yummy.

"Hey, there you are," he said once he spotted them, "Wow, you look fantastic."

The compliment softened their demeanor a little bit but that wasn't Jake's intention; he was being completely honest and, if they could have looked past the abs and pecs that had their attention, they would have notice that the other three guys were all openly gawking at them.

"Jake, what's going..." Meg started, but he cut her off.

"Oh, yeah, let me introduce you," he said.

All intentions of storming off sort of evaporated as Jake introduced his friends: Tony, very Italian looking, Chuck, surfer type with long blonde hair and Byron, whose skin was as dark as chocolate. All three, four if you included Jake, were extremely buff, not to the point where they looked like steroid-fueled gorillas, but like they could all have been swimsuit models. They were also all good-looking and their smiles at the two ladies as they were introduced could have melted anyone's anger away. Meg and Deb were just standing there kind of stunned by what they'd walked into.

"We need to get some sunscreen on the two of you," Byron finally said.

Tony grabbed the bottle of sunscreen since he was closest to it, squeezed a generous amount into his hand then tossed it to Byron. As Byron was squeezing out a handful, Tony started to slather Deb's shoulders, arms and back. Byron tossed the bottle to Chuck then hunkered down and started to slather Deb's legs and the tops of her feet. Chuck started spreading his handful on Meg's shoulders so Jake took care of Meg's legs. It didn't take long before Tony and Chuck had Deb and Meg's bikini tops untied and were generously lotioning up their breasts. Neither was complaining about being topless in front of each other or the four guys as the hands caressing their breasts and inner thighs had them both completely fired up. Byron pulled Deb's bikini bottom aside, revealing her shaved pussy, and immediately started to lick her smooth slit, causing her to moan.

Jake glanced over at Byron with his face buried in Deb's pussy and realized that, although he'd eaten Deb twice, he still had not licked Meg's pussy. After casting aside her wrap, as Byron had also apparently done with Deb's, he quickly undid the bows tied on her hips and, letting her bikini bottom fall away, he started running his tongue up her slit. She moaned as well while he slurped up her copious juices before slipping a finger into her. Meg wasn't just about receiving, however, and reached back to caress Chuck's throbbing cock through his swim trunks. He was savoring her luscious titties so much that he hadn't even given consideration yet to actually sticking his cock somewhere but he enjoyed her groping, nonetheless.

"Hey, B, let's move over here, huh?" Tony suggested and started to lead Deb to a nearby chaise. He had her lay down and stepped out of his swim trunks so that he could straddle her and lay his throbbing tool between her succulent tits. He squeezed them together and started to slide his cock between them, moaning, as Byron slipped Deb's bikini bottom off and went back to eating her pussy. She was watching as Tony's cockhead kept peeking out from between her tits while feeling an orgasm quickly building. Byron was at least as talented as Jake when it came to eating pussy so she was savoring the pleasure that she was feeling. Unfortunately for Byron, he looked up and, rather than seeing Deb's luscious tits, he saw Tony's hairy ass. As interested as he was in eating a nice, smooth, wet pussy, he decided to fuck her, instead. He paused only briefly to slip out of his swim trunks before he was sliding his brown cock between her slippery pink lips. Deb let out a moan and Tony looked over his shoulder to see what was going on. Byron started to ease his thick cock in and out of her while the level of pleasure that she was experiencing continued to climb dramatically.

Normally, Jake also would have liked to eat Meg to an orgasm before moving on but he realized that his buddy, Chuck, basically wasn't getting any real action like the rest of them, so he paused and they all headed over to another nearby chaise. Chuck slipped out of his trunks, revealing his tanlines and his hard cock, then sat on the chaise. Meg knelt on the end of the chaise and lowered her head toward his cock while reaching out to grasp it. She pumped it in her fist as she tongued his balls while Jake dropped his swimsuit and stepped up behind her round ass. As he had the first time he'd seen Deb's, he ran his hands over it while lapping at her pussy just a bit more before standing behind her and guiding his tool into her snug, slippery pussy. Meg moaned passionately then engulfed Chuck's throbbing tool in her hot mouth, causing him to moan as well. Jake was watching Meg's ass jiggle each time his hips tapped against it with a smile on his face as he held her curvy hips. Chuck was just leaning back watching Meg's dark brown hair cascading over his thighs and his cock disappearing into her mouth.

Deb didn't know if it was just Byron's cock or the fact that she was naked outdoors with two very hot naked guys, but she was surprised by how quickly she was on the verge of cumming. Byron could feel it, too, because her pussy was getting even hotter and wetter, causing his own orgasm to begin building up quicker than he would have liked. Tony was just savoring the feel of the soft, smooth flesh of her tits on his cock and in his hands. When he started brushing his thumbs over her hard nipples, that ended up sending her over the edge and her entire body started to shake as she was cumming. Jake heard Deb's moans get louder and longer and glanced over. Byron caught his eye and smiled while sticking out his tongue. Jake flipped him off and went back to focusing on Meg's ass. He was starting to feel his own orgasm building up and, though it felt fantastic fucking Meg's sweet pussy, he didn't want to cum before she did. He decided to switch things up a little bit. Chuck had just been laying there enjoying Meg's oral talents and would have been perfectly okay blowing a load down her throat, but Jake stopped fucking her and backed up. He had Meg quit blowing Chuck and straighten up, so Chuck was admiring her bodacious tits and her dark brown landing strip as Jake was indicating what he wanted to do.

"Why don't you straddle Chuck and ride his cock," he was telling her, "but face me so I can enjoy your titties for a bit."

He was behind her as he was saying this, his cock pressing against her ass while he hefted her tits in his hands, and speaking very close to her ear as she smiled with her eyes half closed. As she moved around and straddled Chuck, he found her full, round ass right in front of him and was caressing and squeezing it while she positioned herself over his cock. She grasped it and started to lower herself onto it, both of them moaning, as Jake watched, his own rigid cock sticking out in front of him. Chuck's hands slid up to her waist to stabilize her as she started to ride him, though his attention stayed on her ass. The feeling of her hot pussy sliding up and down his cock was just as highly pleasurable as her talented mouth had been. Jake watched her tits bouncing for a moment before moving in close enough to squeeze his cock between them. He relished the feel of the soft, smooth and well-greased flesh against his tool as she moved up and down.

"Yo, Bro, you want to switch things up?" Byron asked, now a little less concerned about cumming quickly but wanting to fuck Deb's sweet tits before he did. Tony was cool with swapping positions so that he could get some pussy action as well as some titty action so Byron slipped out of her pussy as Tony released her tits. Tony climbed off of her and Byron took his place, laying his thick, brown cock between her tits then squeezing them together around it. Tony guided his cock between her hairless lips and moaned as he felt the warm slickness of her pussy. It didn't take long before he was feeling his own orgasm beginning to build, just as Byron had, due to how incredible her pussy felt. Byron wasn't finding any help with his staying power as he slowly fucked her succulent tits. By that point, though, he was feeling better about it and assumed that there would be ample additional opportunity with both girls as the afternoon progressed.

Chuck was aware that Deb had cum already and was concerned that he and Jake hadn't been as successful with Meg. The truth was that she was feeling incredibly intense levels of pleasure, but just had not cum yet. She wasn't feeling like she was missing out on anything but knew that it could happen at any moment anyway. When Chuck decided to reach around and stroke her clit as she continued to ride him, that ended up being all it took to finally push her over the edge. Her entire body started to shake as an orgasm like none she'd ever experienced before swept over her. She paused in her up and down motion on Chuck's cock, but Jake continued to fuck her succulent tits as she was cumming. By the time she had her wits about her again and had started moving slowly up and down again, Jake was on the verge of cumming himself. Even with Meg's body between them, Chuck could tell when Jake started spewing on Meg's tits just by the sounds he was making. When he moved away from them a moment later, it was clear that he was finished.

As Jake was heading toward the hot tub, he heard sounds from Byron similar to what he'd just been making himself. He'd been watching Tony give Deb a good, hard fucking but glanced at Byron as he was shooting a load all over Deb's sternum. By the time Byron was spent, Jake was already in the hot tub nearby and, when Byron looked his way, he waved him over. Byron released Deb's tits and climbed off of her as Tony continued fucking her, then joined Jake in the hot tub where they shared an enthusiastic high-five. They watched as Tony continued fucking Deb, clearly more focused on cumming than on making her cum. She had her eyes closed and a smile on her face, so it didn't look like she was put off at all. Meg had just climbed off of Chuck's cock and turned around to start sucking it again. With her ass up in the air and her big tits swinging, the two of them knew that, if they'd been ready to go again, they'd have been all over that.

Chuck was perfectly okay with either fucking her or having her suck his cock again. He figured he'd also fuck her tits at some point but was fine that it wasn't right then, especially since he assumed her cleavage was lined with Jake's load. She caressed his balls as she wrapped her lips around his tool and started to slide them up and down. He was watching as his cock disappeared into her mouth but didn't miss the view of her round ass up in the air and determined that he wanted to fuck her from behind at some point, as well. He could feel his orgasm building up and could tell that, with her oral talents, she was trying to make him cum and not necessarily drawing out his pleasure. Again, he was perfectly content with that since it looked as though he and Tony were the only two who hadn't cum yet. Just moments later, he was the only one who hadn't cum yet.

Tony suddenly pulled out of Deb's pussy and moved around to place his cock against her lips. She opened her eyes and her mouth, wrapping her lips around his tool and inhaling it like a pro. She raised her head to move her mouth up and down his thick shaft while reaching for his balls and gently caressing them. Tony closed his eyes and moaned, right on the verge of cumming but enjoying the pleasure of her oral skills. It only took a couple of minutes before he grunted and started to pump his load into her mouth. She swallowed it down while continuing to suck him off. Once he was spent, he slipped his cock from her mouth and straightened up then helped her up, as well. She stood and looked over at Meg sucking Chuck's cock, fixated for a moment with a smile on her face as she took in the scene. Tony took her hand, rousing her from her reverie, and led her to the hot tub.

Chuck hadn't failed to notice Deb as she'd stood and the view of her sumptuous tits and shaved pussy just further aroused him, as did the view of her full, round ass as she turned and headed toward the hot tub. Between that and the outstanding job that Meg was doing sucking his cock, it wasn't much longer before he let out a groan and started to spew into her mouth. She hungrily swallowed down his load and only released his cock from her mouth when he was completely spent.

"That was a helluva blowjob," he told her when she finally raised her head.

"I like your cock," she replied, "in my mouth, in my pussy, wherever you decide you want to slip it."

She smiled at him mischievously, then got up and helped him up, as well. They headed over to the hot tub and joined the rest of the party. There was plenty of room for all six of them in the hot tub but, naturally, Byron and Tony were more interested in Meg, while Chuck was more interested in Deb. Jake had experienced both of them already and didn't necessarily have a favorite but figured it worked out better from a numbers standpoint if he focused on Deb along with Chuck for the moment. Since there were four spectacular tits visible above the bubbling surface of the water and there were four guys, each of the guys was soon caressing a tit. The ladies each had two hands and a cock on either side of them, so they were each working on reviving the two closest cocks under the water. It was all pretty casual and there was a bit of conversation initially, though it was mostly the guys telling the women how hot they looked and how great their bodies were and vice versa.

Tony eventually lowered his head to start licking and sucking Meg's hard nipple and Byron was soon doing the same. Their cocks were continuing to grow harder in her grasp but neither of them had bothered to run a finger along her landing strip to further stimulate her. Meg wasn't too bothered at that moment because, having two hunky guys sucking her nipples while their cocks grew stiffer in her grip, she was feeling pretty worked up as it was. Deb was in pretty much the same situation, with her nipples being stimulated and two cocks stiffening in her hands.

"Why don't you hop up on the edge and I'll eat your pussy," Tony finally said to Meg. All eyes were on her as her naked body rose up out of the water and perched on the edge of the hot tub with her legs spread. Tony moved between her legs and immediately started to lap at her pussy, tasting the pungent juices that were freely flowing from it.

"Why don't you hop up on the edge," Jake was saying, in imitation of Tony but directed at Chuck, "and let Deb suck you off while I fuck her."

Deb was all for that and, once Chuck was sitting on the edge of the hot tub with his throbbing cock standing straight up, she was immediately gripping it while licking around the head. Jake got behind her and was running his hands over her full, round ass and the curves of her waist before guiding his cock into her from behind. Deb moaned as Jake's cock filled her then channeled the lust she was feeling into sucking Chuck's cock. She started bobbing her head up and down, taking as much of his thick, hard cock as she could manage while pumping the base in her hand. Chuck was savoring the pleasure of her oral talents combined with the visual of her sucking his cock, Jake fucking her and making her ass jiggle, and Meg sitting across from him with her pussy blocked by Tony's head, but her sumptuous tits clearly visible to him. She smiled at him, looking a bit dazed from the pleasure she was experiencing, right before Byron slipped his cock into her mouth.

Byron had just been admiring Meg's physique once she'd moved up onto the edge of the hot tub as Tony started eating her pussy but, as he realized what all was going on around him, he decided to get back in the action and stepped out of the hot tub. Standing beside Meg, he brought his cock close to her face and she took it into her hot mouth. He moaned as she engulfed his tool and started sliding her lips up and down his shaft, appreciating her oral skills just as Chuck was appreciating Deb's. Even though Chuck had cum in Meg's mouth not long before, he could already feel his orgasm building in no small part due to the skillful way that Deb was sucking his cock. He wasn't too concerned with cumming quickly because he knew that the evening was young and, because he was too, his recovery time wouldn't be very long once he did. Plus, he was actually in a position to solely enjoy receiving and not be concerned with providing anything in return, at least not at that exact moment. He had every intention of pleasuring both women as much as he could before the night was over, though.
