 "Twice as much Fun"

As we rested in post coital exhaustion Jaden asked in an alarm tone, "Hey! What time is it?"

"It's midnight. Are you going somewhere?" 

"No, I told you I am spending the night. But there is something you might want to know."

"Oh really? And what would that be?"

"My client that didn't show? He had a fantasy of having a 3-some. So I arranged for my friend to come to the hotel lobby at 12:15. She was going to wait in the lobby until I text her."

"Sounds like you client is a very adventuresome guy. Too bad he couldn't be here. I am sure she is disappointed."

"Well, that's the problem. You came to my aid so quickly, and you were quite distracting, I never got a chance to call her. She is probably already in the lobby bar driving all the guys crazy. She likes to be a tease."

"So what is she going to do now that your client isn't here?" Jaden is still strapped to the spreader bar while we have this conversation.

She replies "I don't know. I was really hoping to play with her. I've masturbated with my toys twice this week just thinking about her. What do you think about if she were to......??", Her voice trailed off while looking up at me with her ass up in the air. The position was erotic when she was first strapped to the spreader bar. Now I found her position rather humorous (Her ass is up in the air, head down in the pillow.) while she is attempting to carry on a conversation. I couldn't help but chuckle.

"Jake, what are you laughing about? Do you think it is funny that I have been wet for the whole week thinking about her? She & I have played once before. I must have cum about four times within an hour." Her face showed a combination of desire and contentment. "So please release me from this wonderful toy. I want to talk about an idea that I have."

"I can't release you with out the safe word."

"Mercy." 

"Do you really mean it? How can I be sure you really want to be released? What I really think is that you want me to fuck you in the ass again." 

"I do want you to do that again. I love a hard cock up my ass. But right now I want to be released."

"So what do I need to hear?"

"I already said it, Mercy!"

"You don't remember what else you're supposed to say? You better get it right. Or, I will have to spank your bare ass."

"Ok, Mercy! Mercy!"

"That's better."

"If I had known that's you where gong to spank me, I would have pretended to forget."

I unsnap the carabiners from the spreader bar. And she begins to shed the cuffs.

She is rubbing her wrists and her ankles, "As I was saying, I was thinking...."

"You were thinking about.....?" And then it dawned on me, "Ooohh, you want her to join us don't you?"

"Don't you think that will make for a memorable night?"

"Uh..I already think this is a memorable night? Besides, she probably is expecting more than to just have sex with an old bald headed guy. I am sure you and she had discussed compensation for her time. And, there is no way I can pay another $1200. Regardless of how wonderfully memorable the evening is." 

She slid up so that she was positioned on my right side with her mouth right next to my ear. She kissed and licked my ear as she said, "I don't know any man that will pay over $2000 for one night of fun frolicking." (If she continues this seductiveness I will probably pay $3000 or more! Damn Jaden is such an erotic woman. I think I might move to Killeen.) 

"She thinks my donations are more than the typical hooker; but she has no idea as to how much higher. She agreed to $500 for the party we had set up. I am sure you can imagine how much you will like to be serviced by two beautiful women. And besides, she is down in the lobby just waiting for me to give her the message to come on up. She can be here in less than 10 minutes. And just that quickly you can be having sex with both of us."

So I started to rationalize having a double: ("I just had two new tenants in my rental properties. All my bills are paid. The only debt I owe is my house. I've been saving at the rate of 20% each month. And, I can't take it with me.) "OK, tell her to come on up. By the way, what's her name? And what does she look like?"

"Abby. But you will have to see for yourself what she looks like. Once again I will say that you won't be disappointed."

Before she texts Abby, she turns my face towards her and begins a very deep French kiss. She breaks the kiss long enough to say, "I promise you will never have experienced this much happiness. Ever!" 

I am breathing deeper again. And then I feel that old familiar feeling return as my cock begins to grow. As she pushes herself up to find her phone she sees my growing manhood, "Don't lose that thought. You are going to need it. Actually, Abby and I both need it."

"Abby huh? Tell me about her." Jaden is running her fingers through her hair and freshening her makeup. 

"There is not time to tell you how sexy she is. You will just have to experience Abby. And she is an experience!"

The red silk robe that was tucked in her bag is an incredible site. It is very short, barely covering her ass and not really restraining her breasts. I think the only real reason she put anything on is to hinder the eyes of any strangers in the hotel hallway. 

I hear Jaden's phone vibrate from a text msg. She opens the door to a beautiful woman. (WOW! She knows how to pick 'em. Abby is about 5'3') She is wearing jeans with heals and a small top cut just above the waist of her jeans. She has long wavy hair down almost to her waist. She throws her large overnight bag in the corner. (Another bag full of toys? My mind begins to race. What's the deal with these girls and their bag of tricks? ) 

They lean back to admire each other as they embrace. There is a look of desire in each of their faces. They leaned into each other and enjoyed a light kiss. The light kiss advanced into a very deep kiss. Very deep! Jaden's short silk robe comes untied. With a shrug of her shoulders the robe is soon a pile of red shiny cloth around her feet. Abby reaches up and starts caressing Jaden's breasts. Jaden moans as Abby begins to tweak her lover's nipples. Jaden returns the caress and Abby begins to suck and lick Jaden's tanned breasts.

Jaden slides her left hand over Abby's flat, toned tummy with her fingers crawling under her waistband. I am not sure how she can get her hand down such skin-tight jeans. By the look on Abby's face I guessed that Jaden has located Abby's clit. As her clit is being stimulated Abby pulls her top up and over her head. Jaden continues to stimulate Abby's clit and begins to suck her nipples. 

As Jaden is bent over kissing Abby's nipples, Abby whispers something. Jaden breaks off her nipple worship with a pouting look of, "But I don't want to stop."

"I am sorry babe. But first you really should introduce me to this gentleman. And why doesn't he look lie the guy you described? I was expecting a 65yr old guy who is a little thick around the waste and who a had bad comb-over."

By the looks of things he is enjoying the show. I can only imagine how much he is going to enjoy our playtime."

"I appreciate your concern for my well being. I will make every attempt to be appropriately appreciative."

Abby looks at Jaden, "Does he always talk like that?"

"Yes, it seems to be some kind of Boy Scout thing."

"Boy Scout thing? He is a little bit past the Boy Scout age."

"Abby, it's a long story. I will tell you more about him later. Right now, as you can see, he is not thinking about he Boy Scout oath."

Abby now has a scary devious look on her face. They both chuckle like they know what is coming next. However, I have this feeling that their thoughts and mine are not lined-up so well. We are all expecting an erotic experience. I am certainly interested in seeing how this plays out. 

Abby picks up her bag, "Excuse me while I change into my play clothes." She closes the bathroom door behind her. 

Jaden looks over at me, "Looks like we have some time to kill. Any ideas?"

She is still standing by the doorway as I stand up and walk over to her, I tightly grab of hand full of her hair and begin to pull her towards me. She is looking at my lips that she thinks are her destination. But as she is only a foot or so from my face I grab another hand full of hair and forcerown to her knees in front of me. With my hands full of her hair I tilt her head back, "I am going to fuck your face. And you are going to enjoy it. Aren't you my little slut?"

She nods her head in agreement. With a slight look of fear she opens her mouth and took me in. I held her hair tight and began to fuck her face just as I had a couple of hours ago. Man, this girl knows how to suck cock. She is strongly sucking my cock. I am rocking her head back and forth. Her mouth feels almost as good as her pussy. I slowly fuck her face for more than 10 minutes. I quicken my pulsating thrusts and I am near my orgasm when the bathroom door opens.

Abby enters wearing thigh-high black leather boots and a shapely deep purple corset. She is carrying a smaller bag that she sets down next to the bed, "Jaden told you that I am dominant?"

I continue to fuck Jaden's face as though she is a piece of meat, not even present for our conversations, "Perhaps you can see that I am not a person that likes to be dominated. So don't even think about putting the heal of your boot in my chest." I repositioned my grip on Jaden's hair. I now have just my left hand full of hair on top of her head continuing the back and forth motion. With my right hand I spin Abby around. 

She has a glorious ass. It is not covered but does have a small purple strip buried between her ass cheeks. Abby looks over her shoulder just as my right hand is headed quickly towards her ass. "You need to remember who is in charge even though you are wearing a colorful dominatrix outfit." And just then there was a loud slap as my hand smacked her into submission.

With one hand on top of her head, I continued to fuck face Jaden with one hand and spank Abby with the other. After five hard slaps to her ass Abby looked over her shoulder with the look of "Enough, take me anyway you want me." I spun her back around to face me and with my right hand guided her to her knees next to Jaden. Now both of these beautiful vixens were on their knees as I sat on the edge of the bed. I pulled Abby's face to my crotch. My idea was to face fuck her as well. She had a different notion. She began to kiss Jaden's face. 

I released Jaden's hair to see where this would lead. Jaden returned the kisses and soon she and Abby were in face lock while exploring each other's bodies. Although I was no longer the center of their attention, they were the center of mine. These two beautiful vamps sucking face while on their knees and between my legs. 

They looked at me and both began to kiss my thighs and work their way up my abdomen. As they reached my shoulders Jaden nudged me down to lay flat on the bed, "Now you are going to get really fucked. Abby loves a big hard cock in her pussy. I know she is going to love yours." 

Abby stood and peeled off her purple g-string. Her small landing strip matched Jaden's. She now stood before me in her purple corset and tall black leather boots. While she still looked to be the dominant she was now going to worship my cock. She climbed on top of me with a leather-covered knee on each side of me. She reached down guided my hard cock straight into her hot wet pussy. She began to grind her pussy on to my dick as she rode me. She leaned back and held onto a stiletto heal in each hand. The positioning created an angle that appeared to give her maximum pleasure.  

"Abby's pussy is having all the fun. I think it is time for mine to also have fun." She crawled up the bed until her ass was even with my head. Then she raised her self and lifted her right knee over my face and planting it next to my head. She lowers her pussy on to my face. I can still taste my cum in her pussy and she knows it.

"How do you like my cum filled pussy? I bet you wish it was another guy's cum you were tasting."  She doesn't wait for any reply. And I am not really capable of one as she begins to grind her pussy into my face. 

And all the while Abby never looses rhythm. Her breathing is getting deeper and faster. She can't possibly be cuming this quickly. We have only been fucking for about 10 minutes. I have already dropped 3 loads. Thanks to the marvels of modern science I am hard again but I can tell it is going to be awhile before I cum the 4th time. Then I remember that she hasn't cum three times in the last two hours as Jaden and I have. With Jaden riding my face I can't see them, I sense they are back to sharing saliva. And I can imagine that Jaden is also tweaking Abby's nipples.

Then I hear Abby's muffled whimper as the first wave of her orgasm overtakes her. I can sense she wants to be louder but Jaden has her mouth full of tongue. Abby begins to shutter. Jaden leans back to enjoy the site of her friend's first orgasm of the night. Abby reaches down and grabs my hips, pulling my dick deeper into her extremely wet pussy. Yep, now her orgasm is taking control. Any self-control she had is out the window! Her body shutters and her pussy contracts even tighter around my cock. And then I feel more moisture cover my cock. She holds me in for a few minutes and then she just literally collapses off of me onto the bed. 

"Jake, what did you do to her? And why are you still hard?"

"Just having fun ma'am. Just consider it as my "do a good turn daily" part of the Scout law."

"Is it a problem if you do more than one good turn each day? I hope not because I need to be "turned." But, first lets rest for a bit."

My rest period turns to sleep. Albeit it not for very long. I wake up hearing grunting and deep breathing noises. But the noises were not coming from near me on the bed. I lift my head to see that Abby has put on a big blue strap-on. (So that was what was in her bag.) And she has Jaden bent over the back of the couch and is pounding her for all she is worth. By all indications, its worth a lot as Jaden is beginning to buck." 

God I love these kinky girls. Jaden is now erupting for what may be the sixth time tonight. She collapses over the couch. Abby does not pull out but just leaves her big blue dildo completely inserted into Jaden's pussy. 

As Jaden recovers, Abby looks over at me with a grin of accomplishment and deviousness. I look at her quizzically. 

"Oh don't look at me so coy. Jaden told me what you like." Jaden smiled as she looks up at me from her collapsed position on the couch with the look of "Yes, I told her."

I am befuddled about what has been said about me. Abby looks down at Jaden, "Are you sure he is ready?"

"I think I am a pretty good judge of these things." And with that Jaden pulls herself up off the floor and makes her way over to me on the bed. She cuddles up next to me and again starts to kiss and moan into my ear. "Are you having fun yet?"

"Well duh? What do you think?" 

"That's good to hear. I like my clients to always have as much fun as possible. And I think you are capable of having a lot of fun."

She begins to hug me tightly and gives me a deep kiss. She has straddled my leg and is grinding her clit into my leg. And through all of this passion she has laid me on my side with back towards Abby. I hear some rustling noise behind me and know that Abby is probably going to the ladies room. 

After a few minutes, I feel her stroking my back and kissing me on my neck. She whispers, "Are you ready for a whole lot of fun?"

I don't audibly answer. I sort of grunt positively. 

And then I feel it.... Oh my God! Abby is still wearing a strap on and is getting ready to fuck me in the ass......

"Don't worry. This one is a little smaller than what I used on Jaden. And it's all lubed up. So just be still for a moment as I get started." 

As she is getting started, Jaden is distracting me as she kisses her way down my chest, down my abdomen and then coming to a stop at my still hard cock. Abby and I are in a spooning position as she lines up the head of her strap-on to my ass hole. She is teasing my anus. Massaging my sphincter with the well lubed purple dildo. Jaden begins to lick the head of my cock. I think to myself, "Is this really happening?" 

Then the strap-on slips all the way in. I suck a breath in quickly and then realize she has picked the perfect size and length to properly massage my prostate. 

They are in perfect harmony. As Abby strokes in, Jaden sucks harder, tightly squeezing the base of my cock with her index finger and thumb. Jaden understands that a good blow job is a combination of using her lips, tongue, hand and lots of saliva. With her mouth and hand she creates a likeness of a very tight pussy. 

Abby and Jaden are able to stay together in perfect timing. What a sensation! Being fucked in the ass while having my cock expertly sucked. I can see in the mirror above the dresser that Abby is still wearing her boots and the dildo is the same purple as her corset. Damn! A color coordinated outfit! These ladies think of everything. 

With these completely unique sensations it doesn't take me long for another wall-shaking orgasm. As my orgasm hits its peak, Jaden holds my dick in her mouth wanting more cum. Milking my cock for every drop of my creamy cum. And Abby keeps her strap on buried in my ass. I am spent. I happen to see the digital clock on the nightstand and it is 2:30. I can officially say I am done, spent, finished, no mas. And it's like Jaden is reading my mind. She releases me from her mouth and begins a new assault on my neck. 

"Remember when I said we wouldn't sleep much?"

I can barely answer, "Uh huh."

"Well it is wise to remember. I am not finished with you yet."

What more can she possibly do?