 Jim asked me to dance. We stood, walked to the dance floor and he pulled me close. I could feel his erection as he pressed against me. He leaned down to kiss me again, and I melted into him. His large hands were spread on my bare back and I pressed my breasts against him, my nipples hardened and protruding. His hands slid to my ass, cupping it and massaging my tight buns. I wondered how I had never noticed that he was this incredibly sexy when we spent all that quality shower time together. I am not sure why I didn't notice, but I certainly noticed now. I almost wished I had worn panties, as I felt my wetness leaking from my swollen pussy. I am not sure how long we danced, but I didn't want it to end. 

Suddenly, I noticed Erik standing beside us, tapping Jim's shoulder. Jim gave me a lovely farewell kiss and walked back to the table. Erik enfolded me in his arms, holding me close and began to dance slowly with me. I could feel his erect cock and moved against it, teasing it. Erik's hands went into my hair, pulling the clip out and letting it fall to my shoulders, all soft brown curls, fragrant with vanilla. He buried his face in my hair and inhaled and then sighed. I heard him whisper that he wanted me, that he had wanted me for so long. His lips traveled down my cheek, along my jaw and came to rest on my lips, gently parting them and making love to my mouth with his tongue.

I wish I could say I made a choice that night, picked one over the other, but I couldn't. Each time one of them would break in, I would fit myself against him and think this was home, this was the man I wanted. And then the song would change and my partner would too. Erik and Jim. Jim and Erik. I was the envy of all the women there and some of the men. 

As I danced, each of my men touched me and held me and felt my tight body. My skirt rode higher as I felt them massage my ass, or rub their erection against me. My breasts felt as if they were bursting from my dress.

This time when Jim came back to me, he leaned over and licked my breasts, which were exposed nearly to the nipples. I felt my nipples harden and tighten. My entire universe centered on his quick, wet tongue and hot breath on my body.

Not to be outdone, Erik came to us and broke in. As I snuggled against him, he reached behind me and slid my skirt even higher, exposing my pale ass as his palms moved over me. His hands moved between us and he slid one finger deep into my wet depths, probing me and then rubbing my engorged clit. He slowly withdrew his finger and looked at how shiny and wet it was, then very purposefully placed it into his mouth, sucking happily.

As Jim approached, Erik placed his fingers back inside my wet slit and moved it into my deep pinkness. I felt him finger-fucking me and I could do nothing but push my hips repeatedly against his hand, encouraging him to continue. When Jim finally reached us, Erik again removed his shiny, wet fingers, but this time offered them to Jim for tasting. I was standing between these two tall, handsome men, watching as one held up his fingers, wet and smelling of a hungry pussy and the other deliberately sucked those fingers deep between his lips. If I weren't already weak with desire for these men, that action alone would have done me in. Watching them share me, watching one man suck the other's fingers, I was very nearly coming right there on the dance floor. In unison, the men reached for my dress and pulled lightly on the neckline and I could feel the cold air as it hit my now-exposed nipples, causing them to wrinkle and tighten. Both men bent their heads and started to suckle me right there. I held their heads in place and let my head fall back as the sensation of hot mouths and urgent tongues caused me to cry out as an orgasm tore through me. We started dancing together, the three of us, arms around each other and hands wandering everywhere. 

Through a haze of desire, I noted people moving from the dance area to the back of the club. We moved in that direction and saw that there was a huge neon arrow pointing even further back with the words "ROOMS" spelled out in bright orange. We held each other and headed for the rooms, not sure what to expect. We passed several doors that were locked with signs hanging on the knobs, saying "KEEP OUT". As we moved along the corridor, I spotted an open door. We turned into the doorway and entered the private room and looked around.

It was painted a bright purple, but softly lit with recessed lamps. The only furniture was a few old sofas, soft and with pillows piled high. I encouraged my dates to sit down on one of the sofas, and I stood before them. I began dancing to the music being piped into the room, slowly lowering my dress as I stripped for them, moving in time with the beat as I stood naked before them. Jim moved first, standing to ask me again to dance with him. I unbuttoned his shirt as we danced, and then helped him remove his preppy slacks. Despite all the time we had spent in the showers together, I had never felt my naked body against his, and I found I liked it very much. 

We continued to dance, his cock a thing of beauty against my bare skin. Occasionally, we would stand very still and just kiss for untold minutes. My juices were flowing down my thighs now, I could feel my pussy lips all puffy and eager. Jim guided me to the couch and leaned me face down over the arm. He placed his strong hands on my hips and his cock to my aching slit. Then he was deep inside me, thrusting repeatedly as he fucked me hard and fast. My poor engorged clit was rubbing against the fabric of the sofa with each thrust, moving me closer and closer to orgasm. Forgotten, Erik sat beside my head, watching and enjoying my moans. He turned slightly and began fingering my aching nipples, pulling them and rolling them between his fingers. I lifted my head and kissed him as Jim continued to pleasure me. Suddenly, my orgasm overcame me and I screamed into Erik's mouth as my wet cunt began to spasm on Jim's cock, still buried deep within me. As my throbbing lessened, Jim pulled his dick from me. Erik stood up, walked over and placed his hand around Jim's hard, wet cock and massaged it, guiding the spray all over my ass, as Jim released all of his sweet creamy come. 

When I was able to talk again, I smiled up at Erik, asking him if he would like to taste me now? He eagerly agreed and moved to between my legs, but I stopped him. I dropped to my knees beside Jim and offered his cock to Erik's eager mouth. I could see the way both men hesitated, but I knew what I wanted and I knew I would get it. Erik knelt beside me as I guided Jim's still-hard cock into his mouth. He opened his mouth and took as much of Jim as he could, sucking it in deeply and smoothly. My entire body began to ache with desire as I watched my lover taste his first cock. Jim placed his hands on Erik's head and encouraged him to continue with his sucking. I couldn't stand just watching, so I moved closer, sliding my lips over the exposed cock at the base, licking it and nibbling with my soft lips. Our mouths met in a kiss, lingering over the hardening shaft of Jim's cock. Erik followed my lead. As my lips moved down to suck on his balls, Erik moved with me. We made love to Jim as if we had been doing it forever. When I noticed some pre-cum on the tip of Jim's ready cock, I encouraged Erik to taste it, which he did.

Jim helped me up and placed me over the sofa arm again, this time heads up. My sweet Erik approached and stepped between my legs, placing his stiff manhood against my engorged lips. Jim came up beside him and wrapped his hand around that ready cock and helped Erik thrust it home. I wrapped my legs around Erik's waist and he began to fuck me with long, slow strokes. Jim moved to the sofa and knelt by my head, offering me his hardened cock. My mouth opened to accept his ready dick as I began moving my hips to meet Erik's thrusts. 

His cock was rubbing against my clit, my poor over-excited clit, and I could feel myself ready to come again. I could only moan, begging my men to fuck me while my mouth was stuffed full of excited cock. As I came, my cries were wrenched from my throat. I bucked against Erik, which caused him to fuck harder. I could feel his cock swell in preparation for coming. Then I felt it, the unique feeling of being filled with hot come as it splashed against my cunt walls. Jim couldn't wait any longer and started spraying come down my throat as I tried in vain to swallow it all. As Erik relaxed, he leaned over the sofa and was resting on top of my sated form. I pulled his face to mine and kissed him, sharing the delicious come Jim had provided.

As I sat between my two men, I had to reflect that my date had turned out quite well and look forward to many more.