 After our day of shopping and buying, Michael and I went to our hotel. It was very splendid, with a huge lobby, high atrium ceiling and two lovely glass elevators running up the 16 floors. He led me to our room and helped me get unpacked, enjoying once again the feel and look of all our new purchases. I was so happy to be there with him, all alone in our own room, our own private place. I couldn't even sit down, I kept moving around the room, placing vanilla candles in strategic spots, lighting them, making the cold room seem warm and welcoming. I turned down the covers, adjusted our pillows and adding my own pillow from home to the nest. 

I felt nervous, but I wasn't sure why. Michael watched me, then disappeared into the bathroom and I heard the tub filling. He came to me then and just held me, sitting on the sofa and pulling me into his lap. He rested my head against his chest and rubbed my arm and back, whispering sweet, loving things to me. The most comforting was the sound of his heart, so steady and reassuring in my ear. I loved the way I felt on his lap, like the most precious person in the world. I felt myself relaxing against his broad chest, breathing deeply and slowly, as his voice seemed to be slipping away. He began to undress me, not in a sexual way, but totally caring and loving. I tried to assist, but I felt as if my limbs were made of honey and I had no control over them. Once I was naked, Michael carried me to the bath, full of vanilla bubbles and warm water. He lowered me into the tub, holding me like a baby as he bathed my body. The very lack of sexuality made this incredibly sensuous to me. I stayed in his arms, relaxed totally, as my lover cleansed and pampered me. 

The next morning, I woke wrapped around Michael's naked body. I had always imagined our first night together would be full of passion and kinky sex, instead he had wrapped me in a warm bath towel, dried me, placed me in the bed and then slid in beside me. We had slept lovingly, and chastely, through the first night of our adventure!

I was contemplating how a chaste night with Michael was sexier than any night with my husband, when I felt Michael's eyes on me. I turned to face him and look into that beautiful face I loved so much. He asked how my night was, did I sleep well, was I comfortable in this bed? I was smiling at him, happily answering all his questions, when the phone rang. Michael turned to answer it as I happily entertained myself writing love messages on his bare back, first with my finger and then with my tongue. I could feel him chuckle as I wrote some pretty lascivious things, but his conversation continued.

There was a knock on the door and I got up, slipped into a pale blue silk robe and opened the door. It was room service with a cart full of delicious breakfast foods. The bellhop rolled the table into our room, set it up at the bed, and left. Michael had finished his call, glanced at his watch and joined me at the cart. He opened one dish after another, offering me all sorts of goodies to eat. We nibbled and tasted and shared many of the selections, talking about our day and what we planned to do. He didn't have any meetings until after lunch, information that filled me with lust. I had already missed our first night and I was in great need of my lover. The interesting thing was Michael did not seem to be in any rush to remove my robe, or even touch me. We finished breakfast and he pushed the cart into the hall, smiling as he returned to me. Now, he came to me and kissed me, the kind of kisses that made me melt. I was pressed against him when there was another knock on the door. I was secretly cursing the efficient hotel staff when Michael brought an absolute giant into our room. The giant was rolling a folded table and had a large black case in the other hand. I looked at him questioningly as he smiled at me. Michael introduced him as Sven, our masseuse. 

I looked at Michael and he was smiling, excited by this new adventure, this new chapter in my education. My knowledge of massage comes mostly from movies, where rich people lie on a table naked and make high-powered deals while being pleasured. Michael took my hand and led me to the sofa, while Sven set up the table. Michael walked around the room, lighting the candles and dimming the lights. He returned to me and held my hand, telling me how much I was going to enjoy this.

Sven discreetly stood at the window, looking out at the lobby as I disrobed and Michael helped me climb onto the table and covered my nakedness with a sheet. Then Sven came closer to me, opening his case, and removing various bottles of oils and creams. He began at my back, massaging down my spine, relaxing me with his skillful hands. I instantly started enjoying the sensations of his strong hands on my skin, moving easily over my flesh, making me sleepy, yet aroused. I thought it was because I had missed making love with Michael. 

Whatever the reason, Sven was making me feel very good, and the thought that Michael was observing us made me start to ache. I saw Michael take a seat on the sofa, watching us carefully, so being naked did not seem as dangerous. I lowered my head and closed my eyes, giving myself over to the sensations of the strong fingers on my body. I could feel the sheet move farther down my body and the oily hands massaging my tight ass, moving slowly over the cheeks and dipping between them. I was not entirely sure that this was acceptable, but I kept thinking that my sweet Michael was right there and I was safe. The firm hands moved skillfully over me, pushing the sheet further down and finally off. I felt the hands move between my thighs, spreading them, the fingers massaging my soft flesh.

I was so comfortable, lying on my tummy, my face on my arms, my eyes closed, the scent of vanilla filling the room. I felt the moving hands come to rest on the soft mound of my shaven pussy, cupping me there. I had a funny feeling that Sven should not be touching me so familiarly. But once again, I thought that Michael was right there and nothing would happen to me while he was near. I thought maybe Michael had fallen asleep, but then I heard him moving around the table, and felt him kneeling before me. His mouth began working over mine, licking and sucking and probing with his firm tongue. Hmmmm. Is there a better feeling than this? My lover kissing me into ecstasy and a total stranger massaging my ass and my back. I supposed that it was ok for his hands to occasionally slip between my legs and to graze my soft pussy lips. 

At this point, I didn't really care, because I was so involved with Michael's mouth on mine. I was entering that gauzy haze of sensuality Michael was so good at creating. As he kissed me, I felt his hands sliding over my back, over my smooth and slippery skin. As he reached further down my back, I felt him stand before me, his jeans brushing against my face. Then, I heard the sound I had grown to love, Michael undoing his zipper. I could smell his cock, the scent of his curlies, before he even brought it close to my mouth. I briefly wondered about Sven, but he seemed very content to rub up and down my legs, massaging the soft skin as he spread my legs further. Now Michael was rubbing his cock on my mouth, painting my lips with pre-come. I eagerly licked it off, and sucked his hard cock into my hot little mouth. I found his cock to be even larger and harder than usual, but I thought it was because he was watching Sven touching me. I happily sucked my lover's dick deeper and longer, enjoying the sensations of all this attention. 

I opened my eyes to smile up at Michael and saw, not my lover, but Sven. It was Sven's cock that was stretching my lips opened and plunging into my needy mouth. Even as I continued to suck it, he pulled it away. He placed his hands under me, holding me firmly, then, as if on cue, the two men turned me. Now I was naked, on my back, my legs spread. My first reaction was to cover myself, but suddenly Sven's warm hands were over my breasts, massaging more oil into them, making my nipples reach for him. He took my breast into both huge hands, molding it and warming it. At the same time, I felt Michael pull me down the table, until my legs dangled over the edge. Now hands were everywhere, on my thighs, between my legs, on my breasts and nipples; I was in sensory overload. I felt lips on my nipple, sucking it deeply. The hot breath made my entire breast tingle, and I couldn't help lifting my hips, aching for more. Oily fingers were moving in and out of me, plunging deeply into my pussy, lightly circling my clit. Michael bent over me and started kissing and licking my needy clit, keeping his fingers deep inside me and probing my darkest pink at the same time. 

Looking down, I saw that Michael was completely naked with an enormous erection of his own. He moved between my legs, moving right to my hot pussy. He reached under my thighs and lifted my legs, spreading them as he slowly moved his cock deep inside me. I wrapped my legs around his waist and felt his heat deep within me. He did not move, just warmed my pinkness with his throbbing, hot cock. Sven continued to suck on my hard nipples while reaching down between my legs and massaging my clit. His mouth seemed to be everywhere, on both nipples and my breasts, moving over my chest and neck, kissing my hungry mouth. I could feel Michael gripping my legs as he stood there. I clenched my pussy muscles, making Michael moan out loud as I wrapped my hot cunt around him, welcoming him. I could also see, in my mind, that Sven's hand on my clit had to be touching Michael's cock and that excited me even more. 

My right hand found Sven's hard, throbbing cock. I very deliberately looked into my lover's eyes as I reached out and embraced it. I began to massage it, running my slippery fingers up and down his hard length, hearing his moans as I made love to him. I looked at Michael and saw his gaze fixed on my hand, my sweet Donna Reed hand, holding a red, pulsing cock, pleasuring it. Michael began to thrust and I was calling to him, begging him to help me, to let me come. I felt Sven stiffen and straighten beside me and I looked into his face. He seemed concerned and looking from one of us to the other. Suddenly, I realized his problem and I guided his cock to my flat tummy, moving my little hand even faster over his turgid flesh. 

His moans had intensified, now he let out a deep-throated groan and came all over my tanned skin. I felt the hot come hitting my flesh and the skilled thumb still rubbing my clit and I began to pulse. I throbbed all around Michael's still thrusting cock, pulling it deeper as I couldn't stop coming. Sven licked my tummy and moved to me to share his come in a kiss. His thumb returned to my still-sensitive clit and began flicking it. This was all Michael needed to see, his sweet innocent Donna with semen all over her. I could feel him filling my cunt with his hot come, splashing my pinkness with his creamy juices. Sven had continued his massage of my clit and I was so very close. Then I felt two fingers touching me, rubbing me. 

I looked up to see Michael and Sven busily rubbing my shaved pussy, my hard and aching clit. I was there, I was over the top and coming so hard, so fast. I still had my legs wrapped around Michael's waist, holding him deep inside me. As my second orgasm ended, Michael leaned over me and kissed my navel and told me he loved me.