 "What are you doing?" I asked quietly as I glanced furtively from side to side, making sure no one was looking. The subtle wobble in my voice betrayed my nervousness as his hand rested on my knee just below the end of my shorts.

He looked at me and flashed a bright knowing smile. His fingers inched subtly higher and I felt a familiar tingle between my legs. I'd never had a sexual experience with a man before and for most of my life I hadn't even considered it an option but in the previous two years I'd begun to wonder what it might be like.

"Stop," I whispered urgently. "She'll be back any minute." I glanced down to see if my girlfriend was anywhere close and then breathed a momentary sigh of relief when she wasn't. 

His fingers crept higher causing goosebumps on my thigh. My pulse quickened and my cock grew heavy. He was openly gay and I'd recently confessed my curiosity to him in a moment of drunken bravado. I'd known him for a few years. We weren't friends, just acquaintances, but it had felt good to get my secret off my chest and I was both flattered and excited when he told me that I was hot and he'd love to help me fulfill my fantasy. The problem was that my fantasy was to have a threesome with an open minded woman and a guy and my girlfriend, while not closed minded didn't like to share and as such I'd been afraid to tell her that I was bicurious. 

"She's coming," I said in an exceptionally nervous whisper. "You need to stop." I looked at him with hard serious eyes and my breath caught in my chest. I thought I could get my girlfriend into a threesome with he and I under the right circumstances but her finding a gay guy with his hand under my shorts was not the way to go about it.

He pulled his hand out of my shorts and brushed my dick as he moved his hand back to his seat. He flashed a playful grin and I breathed a sigh of relief. My cock was semi turgid and I was acutely aware of the bulge in my shorts. My forehead felt warm and flushed and my heart was racing as I looked up at my pretty girlfriend and smiled.

"Sam Summer or Bud Light?" She asked, holding two beers out for me to choose.

"Thanks Baby," I said in a tone that sounded much calmer than I felt. "Whichever you don't want."

She handed me the Bud Light and my change from the fifty I'd given her before sitting down beside me unaware of the bulge in my pants or its cause. The fresh scent of her light intoxicating perfume wafted over me reminding me that my sexual proclivities tended more towards hetro than homo but there was little doubt to me that I lay in the middle of the Kinsey scale.

We continued to watch the baseball game and my girlfriend feigned interest in it as he and I watched with genuine interest until the home team put the game out of reach. I was extremely aware of each time his legs brushed accidentally against mine and the combination of the smell of my girlfriend and the subtle and discreet contact with him had worked my mind into a sexual frenzy unlike anything I'd ever felt before.

"I'm gonna hit the head and grab another beer before they stop selling," I said. "Do you want another Sam Summer?" I asked my girlfriend as I squeezed past her thick, shapely alabaster legs.

"Please," she replied and smiled happily up at me. I could feel the cool wetness of fresh precum on my boxer briefs and a subtle shiver passed down my spine. 

"I need another too," he reasoned as he pushed past my girlfriend and walked down the isle behind me.

"Nice ass," he said softly for my ears only. His hand brushed against my butt as we turned into the tunnel away from my girlfriend's prying eyes. He clearly knew what to say and where to touch me to keep me on edge and my mind filled with raw sexual images.

"You're bad," I said quietly. "You're gonna get me in trouble."

"Dude," he replied, "you're wrong about her. She's cool and she'll be into it. Trust me. She sees you go down on me she will melt. I've seen it before." He had hinted at having had a mmf threesome before but he'd never given me details and he had told me flat out that he'd never had sex with a woman. He had also admitted that he was curious about it much as I was curious about bisex.

"Not if you just spring it on her," I reasoned. I knew her well and she was guarded about certain things, most notably group sex. She'd had a threesome with an ex boyfriend which had ended badly as a twosome with her watching her friend and her boyfriend fuck.

"What if I warm her up and I fuck her first. Would she be down with that?" He teased as we stood side by side at the urinals. I glanced furtively at his cock and I stifled a gasp. I'd seen pictures of his cock but they were without a frame of reference and they hadn't done him justice. 

"You put that monster inside her and she won't know what hit her," I teased. He had a solid 5+ inches when soft and he'd claimed to be between 7 and 8 hard. My girlfriend had always said that my 6+ was more than enough for her but she had also talked about her ex who was much bigger than me and while she claimed that it hurt when he fucked her the look in her eyes indicated that it was a good pain.

"I'll fuck her so well she won't care what you do," he said with a wry confident grin. I'd heard about his past exploits and I knew he'd been blessed with the gift of gab. He was young, attractive and surprisingly butch and I had no reason to doubt his ability to woo my girlfriend. 

"Go for it," I said throwing caution to the wind and putting my life in his hands.

We were all staying at the same hotel and after the game we continued drinking at a local bar. I was half drunk and my girlfriend was too as we walked back to the hotel with him at our side. He had openly firted with her most of the night and whenever possible he'd done the same with me. I didn't know what would happen when we got to our room but I had a feeling that it was going to be epic.

I fumbled with the key to our first floor room. I could feel their eyes on me and sexual tension hung in the air like a constant charge of electricity. 

"So you really want to do this," I heard him whisper to my girlfriend as I pushed open the door and stepped inside. My heart was racing and it felt like it might fly from my chest. 

They slid past me and my girlfriend's pretty green eyes met and held mine. Her cheeks were flushed and his big hand enveloped her small pale one. 

He turned her until her back was against the wall and he lowered his lips to hers. I felt a brief pang of jealousy and fear as I watched them kiss but it evaporated quickly when my cock grew heavy in my shorts. I let the door close behind me and watched with wide eager eyes as he pinned her against the wall and kissed her hard and deep.

"Touch it," he said guiding my girlfriend's hand to his prominent bulge. Her fingers closed around his shaft and a deep sigh spilled from her soft, supple lips as he turned them both around so his back was against the wall and she was in front of him.

"I told you," he said with a pleased lilt. He flashed me a knowing grin and pressed his lips against hers. 

My girlfriend's hand moved up and down his big hard dick. She unfastened his shorts and dropped them to the floor. He wore no underwear and his huge cock sprung free. It slapped against my girlfriend's leg and she cooed softly with delight. She grabbed his big dick with both hands and gripped it tight. 

I stepped over to them and lifted her shirt off. Her bra slid down her arms and she let it fall to the ground beside his shorts. I slipped my hands around her trim waist, my hands brushing against her wide hips before I cupped her big natural tits and kissed the back of her neck.

"It's really big," I whispered softly. My lips grazed her ear and I traced its outline with the tip of my tongue as I released her tits and reached down to unfasten her shorts. 

"Mmm hmmm," she purred. "I can't believe that you're okay with this." She craned her neck back and kissed me hard while she continued to stroke his giant cock with both of her hands.

She was sandwiched between us and I was kissing her deep and wet. The back of my hand brushed against the drooling tip of his dick and I felt an electric shock pass between us. My eyes met his and a surge of blood rushed to my already hard dick.

"It's hot," I groaned. I could hear the lust in my voice and I wondered if she heard it too. I pushed her shorts and painties to the floor and curled my fingers over her neatly trimmed but still furry pubic mound.

"I'm the luckiest girl in the world," my girlfriend moaned into my mouth. Her tongue entwined with mine and her ass wiggled enticingly against my still clothed dick. She parted her legs wider giving me unfettered access to her needy sex and my fingers dipped inside the slick wet folds.

Her hard clit poked out from its hood and she groaned as the slightly rough surface of my calloused palm rubbed against it. I could feel her heart pounding fiercely in her chest and she pulled her lips from mine and kissed him hard and deep.

Her breathing quickened and I rubbed her clit between my thumb and forefinger bringing her to a quick and powerful climax as she kissed him. 

My hands moved away from her hypersensitive clit and I grabbed the hem of his shirt, lifting it up over his head and baring his well defined chest to my eager eyes. I'd seen pictures of his naked body and I knew that he had a nice muscular physique but I'd been anxious to see it in person. Despite my bicuriosity I wasn't romantically attracted to him but sexually was another story and I had to fight the urge to touch his pecs, tweak his nipples and hold his cock. My head was spinning and I couldn't believe what was happening. 

He glanced at me with a playful knowing look and moved his hands up to my girlfriend's soft smooth body. He pulled her close, mashing his big dick between his hard muscular body and her soft feminine curves. He tugged at my shirt and I helped him lift it over my head. His fingers tweaked my nipples briefly before his hands slid down my taut stomach and fumbled with the snap and zipper on my shorts. 

I knew that my girlfriend could likely tell what he was doing and I tensed as I considered how she might react. I pushed my pants and boxer briefs to the ground leaving me as naked as they were but then it got weird.

He guided my girlfriend to the side and drew me closer. His warm dark eyes held mine and he looked quizzically at me as his fingers closed around my rigid dick. My mind reeled and my knees felt weak. 

"Kiss him," my girlfriend hissed excitedly. Her voice was dripping with lust and her hand moved up my back sending shivers through me. I'd never before condidered kissing a guy. Even in my most wild and passionate homoerotic fantasies there had been no kissing between me and another guy and when I found myself watching gay or bisexual porn I had always turned away when two guys kissed but the fact that the suggestion came from my girlfriend changed that instantly. 

"I've never..." my words trailed off and she pushed gently on the back of my head. A bright smile spread across his face. His lips pursed and I held my breath as mine met his. It was decidedly different than any kiss I'd ever had. It wasn't better or worse it was merely different. His lips were softer than I'd have imagined and his insistent tongue moved past mine and slid wetly along the inside of my lips.

"Kiss him back Baby," she groaned in a low raspy voice. She reached down and grabbed hold of my dick, drawing it to his and then gripping them both together.

My mouth opened wider and my tongue slithered snakelike into his mouth entwining with his as I clutched at his broad muscular back. My head was spinning and I knew that I was out of control. 

The three of us, led by my shockingly eager girlfriend, stumbled back to the bed. She pushed me down on my back and urged him to join me.

He laid beside me and kissed me hard as my girlfriend settled below and grabbed a dick in each hand. Her rhythm was unsteady at first but it improved quickly and when she started sucking, first on him and then on me, I had to struggle not to cum.

She swung her leg over his waist and lowered her dripping cunt to his huge fat cock as she watched with hungry eyes as he ravaged my lips with his mouth and tongue. His kisses were hard and wet and I returned them in kind.

I watched my girlfriend impale herself on his giant fuck stick and a pit formed in my gut.

"Oh fuck," she hissed as she sat all the way down on his gorgeous cock. "I forgot how good it feels to have s really big dick inside me." She clutched at her big dd's and locked her pretty eyes onto mine. Her full hips undulated and an expression of unmitigated bliss danced on her pretty lips. 

The room filled with my girlfriend's cries of passion and pleasure. Her wide hips rose up until just the tip was inside her and she lowered herself slowly savoring the stuffed sensation that only a truly big cock could give her. She put her hands on his chest and pulled her feet under her allowing her to ride him like a horse as she worked herself into a frenzy. 

"I'm close Baby," she groaned in a deep tremulous voice. She leaned back and put her outstretched hands on his knees for support. Her hips bounced slow but forcefully onto his cock and she looked hard into my eyes. "Lick my clit." Her sexy voice wobbled with ravenous desire and I could see in her eyes how badly she wanted and needed me to do what she said. 

I turned around and draped my body over his with my face just inches from their union. The rich pungent aroma of my girlfriend's arousal wafted up from between her legs and it beckoned me closer. My tongue flicked out of my mouth like a hungry snake's and I buried my face against her soft furry cunt. I could feel the warmth and wetness of his cock against my cheek and knowing how close I was to it sent me spiraling out of control. 

My girlfriend grabbed at my head and a deep guttural moan spilled from her lips as I flicked my tongue over her clit repeatedly until she erupted forcefully around his big fat dick. Her cries echoed off the walls and her body twisted and writhed in ways I'd theretofore never seen. She held me tight against her pussy and his cock and I licked, kissed and sucked them both until the final throws of her orgasm subsided.

"Wow," she said weakly, "that was fucking good." Her hips continued to move in slow languid circles with his cock balls deep inside of her slick wet canal.

I felt myself beam with pride and I rose up beside her and kissed her deep yet tenderly. I'd never felt closer to her than I did at that moment and our kiss grew deeper and more passionate as the seconds ticked past.

"You came hard Baby," I mused. My hands roamed over her full curves and my tongue tangoed inside the warm enclave of our sealed mouths.

"Mmm, I did," she purred softly, "but now I want to watch. I've thought about this for a long long time and now I want to watch the two of you go wild on each other." She broke off the kiss and climbed off his shiny wet dick. 

I looked at him and we both smiled before I swung my leg over his head and lowered my lips to his huge cock. My hand moved up his thigh and I grabbed his shaft as I opened my mouth and wrapped my lips around his dick. It tasted like my girlfriend's pussy but different and an involuntary moan betrayed the depths of my excitement. I was doing it and my head was spinning. 

He took my dick into his hot wet mouth and pulled my hips down until I was all the way inside of him. His fingertips teased my taint and he worked on my balls as he sucked noisily on my needy cock. 

"Slow down," I said between licks and sucks of his bulbous cock head. "I'm not ready to cum yet." His big dick stretched my lips and I struggled to take more than half its length into my mouth but feeling it throb and twitch inside me was a wicked thrill to say the least.

I stroked his shaft and sucked the tip with enthusiasm and gusto. I ached to feel him erupt in my mouth and I wanted nothing more than to taste and swallow his seed. I had frequently tasted my own cum and I'd grown to love the taste and texture of my man butter but despite my enthusiasm my inexperienced tongue couldn't finish him.

"My turn again," my girlfriend said in a rich throaty voice. She pushed me off his big dick and guided me onto my back. Her thick legs straddled my head a she lowered her lips to my needy cock as he knelt behind her and fed his cock into her depths. 

He gripped her hips and thrust in slow steady strokes, his pace quickening until his body slammed into hers like colliding cars.

"Oh yes," she panted loudly, "fuck. me. hard." Her voice shook with tremolo and her legs trembled as he pounded her from behind like a jackhammer. His balls slapped against my head and I watched them tighten as he approached the zenith of his excitement. 

"I'm gonna cum," he warned. He continued to thrust into her hard and fast and for someone who'd never had sex with a woman before the man had skills. 

My girlfriend released a deep cry and her body convulsed. Intense waves of pleasure washed over her and her copious, succulent juiced dripped into my mouth as I lay with my mouth agape like a hungry baby bird.

"Fill me up lover," she moaned wantonly. Her warm inviting lips wrapped tightly around my cock and she pushed her fingers two knuckles deep inside my ass. She sucked noisily on me and pumped her fingers into my depths with almost angry determination. 

He grunted and forced the final inches of his manhood into her frothy hole. His balls tightened rhythmically as he pumped his potent seed into her fertile womb and I was glad that she'd been on the pill for as long as we'd been together.

He pulled his spent rod from her depths and it slapped wetly only my eager lips. I sucked and licked their combined juices from his tangy flesh and when I finished my girlfriend rose back onto her haunches and sat hard on my face. She'd never before been an aggressive take charge woman but she suddenly knew exactly what she wanted and needed.

"Finish him off," she purred as gravity drained his cum into my hungry mouth. 

I felt his talented lips on my cock and he took it down his throat until I exploded inside his mouth coating his tonsils with my thick cream. My urge to lick and swallow cum from my girlfriend's pussy disappeared the instant I shot my load down his throat but she remained on top of my face coating it with her juices and his until she came yet again.

"Did you know?" I asked as I laid between them and struggled with what we'd done. I'd delt with my post orgasm indecision countless times after watching gay porn and I knew that it would soon pass.

"I suspected," she answered quickly.

"Why?"

"I'd seen some things in you and how you reacted whenever the subject of bisexual men came up. And I was pretty sure I saw you checking a guy out a few times when we went on vacation last spring," she answered honestly.

"Does it bother you?" I asked. My breath caught in my chest. I was still coming to terms with my bisexuality but I didn't want to lose her. She was, without a doubt the love of my life and I couldn't imagine life without her.

"Not at all," she smiled. "I ferl closer to you than ever now that we experienced that together."

"Me too."

"Plus it's nice to know that if I ever have another craving for a really big dick all I have to do is share it with you." She kissed me gently and grabbed both of our dicks. I felt the blood returning to my cock and she moaned.

"Unf," I groaned. 

"Round two boys?"