 Until the experience I'm about to share, I was a woman who never had sex with strangers. With diseases and unplanned pregnancies which tended to result from one-time flings, the idea of climbing into bed with men I'd just met weren't worth the risks. In addition, I believed marriage was a contract and never considered being less than faithful to Ryan, my husband for sixteen years.

What made me vulnerable to stray from my usually rational behavior was when Ryan left me for his twenty-year-old secretary. Call it midlife crisis on his part or whatnot, but our split left me devastated, and like many divorced women, I began feeling old (yes, even at thirty-eight!), unattractive and insecure.

When my divorce from Ryan was finalized, I decided to invest part of my settlement and use the remainder to have some plastic surgery and attend therapy. After a breast lift and tummy tuck for my body and some counseling for my morale, I regained some of my lost confidence.

I was reading a travel magazine one afternoon while waiting for another therapy appointment when I spotted an ad for a weekend getaway. Since I hadn't traveled since before my divorce, I jotted down a phone number mentioned in the ad. I called and booked a reservation after I returned home from my appointment.

The weekend was filled with many activities: tennis, swimming, lavish meals, and dancing, just to name a few, and I met several nice people. I'd been disappointed at first that the getaway was attended by mostly couples - many in their twenties - even though there were a few singles who were also present. My initial letdown soon dissipated when I concentrated on enjoying myself.

I was sitting alone at a table in the hotel's outdoor lounge when a waitress brought me a drink I hadn't ordered. "From a gentleman at the bar," she said. 

I looked and spotted a man who appeared to be in his mid-twenties winking, smiling and raising his glass at me. 

What in the world?, I thought. I know there aren't many single women here, but why me?

He came to my table and asked to join me. I figured since he'd already bought me a drink, it would've been rude for me to refuse. Even if I thought he was too young for me - at least at first - he was well-built and very attractive with dark hair and hazel-green eyes.

We shared a few dances, flirted and talked for a long time, but I was still curious as to his interest in me.

"It's nice to see at least one female who is neither a college girl blowing through her parent's money nor some empty-headed bimbo who doesn't know the meaning of a decent conversation."

When the outdoor lounge closed after lunch, it was clear he didn't want to part ways. "Want to come to my room for another drink?"

Against my better judgment, I agreed. "I'd like that."

We started kissing in the elevator before we got to his room. In the hallway, I heard moans and grunts emerging from somewhere and smiled to myself. Someone's getting lucky today, I thought.

Imagine my shock when my companion opened the door to his room and spotted another woman around my age having sex with a younger guy on one of the king-sized beds. 

"Damn, baby, what are you doing?" my companion asked the woman. "Is that any way for my hot wife to behave?"

Startled, the other man quickly withdrew from the woman and was looking for a way to escape."Dude," I heard him say, "I didn't know she was married!" 

My shock became more intense. Married?!

"Relax," my companion said to the other man. "My wife knows I'm fine with her bringing company." He then addressed the woman. "Kind of rude for you to start banging your boy toy without me."

His wife grinned and beckoned to the other man. I noticed it hadn't taken long for him to get another erection once he'd realized there wasn't going to be any trouble from her husband. 

The second man repositioned himself behind her, buried his long cock in her pussy, and resumed thrusting in and out of her while her husband looked on.  

My companion stripped off his clothes and stood in front of his wife's face wagging his erect cock. She took the entire length into her mouth and started sucking him while the second guy continued fucking her doggy style.

"Oh hell yeah, man," the other man said, "your wife is so fucking hot!"

If I hadn't witnessed what was unfolding before my eyes, I'd still believed such a thing only existed in adult movies.

"Come on, honey," my companion said. "Get naked and join the party. I told Jen if she picked up a horny young guy for us, I'd find another sexy cougar."

That statement certainly explained his actual interest in me. In spite of myself, I became aroused watching the three of them. I undressed, sat in a chair by one of the beds, and began rubbing my clit while watching the second guy's hard shaft slide in and out of the woman's pussy.while she still sucked her husband's cock.

"Fuck, I'm going to come," the second guy grunted before he quickly withdrew from her.and began to jerk on his dick.

"Shame to waste busting your nut like that, man," her husband said before he withdrew his cock from her mouth. "Go on, baby. Get our friend off with your sexy mouth."

Her husband turned to me, his cock still hard "Your turn, honey."

Without thinking, I started jerking his throbbing shaft before I wrapped my lips around his bulging head. I swirled my tongue across his rigid dick before engorging it into my mouth. He put his hand on the back of my neck and fucked my face while I sucked his cock all the way down to his balls.

I felt his orgasm approaching. I slid my fingers under his balls and gently squeezed them. He groaned in ecstasy as his semen began to fill my mouth, and I swallowed it as quickly as I could. I continued sucking his gradually deflating cock until he was completely drained. 

He pulled out of my mouth and collapsed on one of the beds. "Wow, that was one hell of a blow job!" He looked over at his wife, who was sucking the second man's cock. "How you doing, baby?"

She gave her husband a thumbs up without taking her mouth off the other man. It was less than halfway between her lips and he pushed his length further into her mouth. He grunted and sighed while his hands held her head and thrust his hips into her face.

"I'm coming now!" he cried before before he climaxed down her throat.

"Swallow it, baby," her husband said, not taking his eyes off the two of them. "We all want to watch you swallow his load."

She complied and took down the other man's sperm until his orgasm was complete. He withdrew from her mouth with a satisfied smile and both joined us on the bed. She positioned herself between both men and played with their limp cocks."So...what can we do next?" 

Her husband gave her a wicked grin while he rubbed one of my breasts. "Mmmm...how about a little girl on girl action?" 

"Now that's something I'd definitely like to watch," the other man said.

I began to feel tense. In all the years I'd been sexually active, I never had another woman and wasn't sure exactly what to do.

"No problem, honey," the woman's husband replied. "Just lay back, spread your legs, and let Jen work her magic."

Both men got up and sat on the other bed, making room for me to lie down. Jen rubbed my thighs for a few minutes. She licked her lips, moved down and positioned her head between my legs.

Jen's lips were soft and her hands gentle while she went down on me. I thought I would have an immediate orgasm after she started finger fucking me. Jen's tongue darted around my pussy with expertise. I couldn't believe what was happening, but what she was doing to me felt too good for me to stop her. I wanted more.

She pulled out her fingers and came up to kiss me. I never kissed a woman before and couldn't believe how arousing it was. She broke the kiss and and began to massage and suck on my breasts.

Jen licked her way down my torso and stopped to stick her tongue in my navel. She continued working downward until she reached my slit and stuck two fingers inside me. She licked my pussy with enthusiasm while she pumped her her fingers in and out of my wet opening.

Squeals and moans escaped my lips as she slid in two more fingers and fucked me to the most powerful orgasm I'd ever experienced. I couldn't help but be amazed that a woman had gotten me off with such intensity; even my ex-husband never made me come in such a way.

I trembled as she climbed on top of me. "Did you like that?" 

"God, yes!" 

"Then we should really give these men a show." 

She called her husband over to our bed. "Fuck her, Alex," she said. "I want to watch the two of you fuck while I play with her."

She guided his cock inside me while her spare hand roamed my large breasts. She gently bit my nipples and then kissed me, our tongues entwining. 

The feeling of Alex's hard cock in my pussy and her tongue caressing the inside of my mouth felt so good. I began moaning louder as Jen's friction of rubbing my clit and Alex's thrusts became more intense. I knew it was only a matter of time before I came.

When Alex pulled out and climaxed on my breasts, Jen bent her head and licked his sperm from them. Once the three of us finished having sex, both of them collapsed on each side of me. 

"Now you know what it's like to be with a woman," Jen said as she ran one of her soft hands over my chest.

She turned to her husband."Okay, you got your show, now it's time for all four of us have some fun."

Both guys were hard again and the second one stroked his shaft in anticipation. I got up and joined him on the other bed.

"It's my turn to have you, Alex," Jen said, nibbling his ear. Within seconds, he had mounted her and she'd guided his cock inside. Alex started fucking her with slow hard strokes and gradually increased his thrusts until Jen screamed in orgasm. 

After several minutes of missionary sex, she interrupted Alex and rolled him over, all the while not letting his cock slide out of her. Jen began to ride him and her enormous breasts bounced as she impaled herself on Alex over and over.

The second man, who I now knew as Mike, lowered his dick over my mouth and ducked his own head down to my pussy. I slid my tongue down his rock-hard shaft, flicking my tongue over his cock head. 

Mike spread my pussy lips and pushed his tongue in as deep as it would go. I moaned with pleasure as I felt his tongue curling and flexing inside me.

I wrapped my lips around his cock and he began to fuck my face. My tongue danced over his throbbing erection while I sucked him. When his erection hit the back of my throat, I contracted and relaxed its muscles around his cock head and lavished attention on his shaft.

While Jen continued to slide up and down Alex's shaft on the other bed, Mike lifted his body and his cock slid out of my mouth. He repositioned himself and placed my legs on his shoulders before pushing his throbbing cock inside me.

My breath became more jagged as the tempo of his thrusts increased, and I lost count of how many orgasms I had the entire time he screwed me.

The four of us fucked in perfect unison. Mike pumped in and out of me while Jen continued riding Alex. Sighs, grunts, moans, and cries filled the room along with the telltale odor of unrestrained sex. Soon, Alex flipped Jen until she was under him and continued pounding her pussy before he exploded inside her.

I looked over and was amazed Alex had remained hard when he pulled out of her. Jen turned on her side and rubbed her clit while she watched Mike and me going at it. I was so far into Mike fucking me so hard and well that I almost didn't see Alex kneel behind him.

Mike let out a loud groan when Alex pushed the head of his cock into Mike's well-defined ass. Once it was completely buried, Alex began fucking Mike slowly at first, pulling almost completely out before pushing back inside. 

Alex quickened his movements and pummeled Mike's ass with passion, ramming hard and deep while Mike continued fucking me.

"What do you think, honey?" Alex asked me. "You like seeing a dude getting banged by another guy while he's screwing you?"

I admitted it did turn me on to watch two young hunks having sex while Mike and I continued going at it.

Mike buried his face in my shoulder as the three of us fucked in harmony. Alex grabbed Mike's hips and pistoned back and forth, his dick completely embedded in Mike's asshole.

Mike's cock began to swell in me. He pulled out and moved back against Alex's hips. Knowing what was about to happen, Alex pulled out of Mike's ass and stood. He and Jen watched while Mike straddled me and came all over my breasts.

When he finished, I joined Jen on the other bed.

While Alex resumed having sex with Mike, Jen ran her tongue around the perimeter of my breasts and licked Mike's sperm from them. We then kissed and slid our fingers into each other's pussies. Both of us finger fucked the other amid Alex and Mike's grunts.

"I'm going to come!" Alex yelled. 

Jen broke our kiss. "Do it, Alex," she ordered. 

He sped up his thrusts and pounded Mike's ass with fervor. "Jen...Jen," he grunted, "I'm shooting off in this guy's tight asshole RIGHT NOW!"

Alex thrust into Mike a few more times as the four of us cried out our respective orgasms.

"Fuck, dude...that was great!" Mike said with a satiated sigh when we all regained our composure.

Alex lay beside him, grinning. "We even got the ladies off."

"Thanks everyone," Mike replied. "I haven't been laid by any hot cougars in a while. It's been even longer since another guy gave me a good ass fucking."

I looked at them, puzzled. "You mean you both are..."

"Alex and I are bi," Jen said, "and we occasionally pick up both men and women to join us in bed."

"Keeps our sex life spicy," Alex added.

"Guess that explains why your wife was so aggressive in getting me upstairs," Mike said. "She must have a talent for picking out guys who swing both ways."

Jen nodded. "I do."

Alex rubbed my leg. "In addition, this sexy cougar got laid by two horny young guys and had her first woman."

I was stunned by the realization that I'd spent the afternoon being fucked by three bisexual strangers and actually enjoyed it!

"So what do you guys have planned for tonight?" I asked.

Alex rose and headed toward the bathroom. "Have a shower, grab some dinner, and then we can all come back here to continue what we've been doing all afternoon."

So much for my old policy of refraining from stranger sex. If it's anything like I'd experienced with Alex, Jen, and Mike, it may be the best kind!