 Gina and Maria have been best friends since elementary school. They spend all their free time together and are practically connected at the hip. Since they both are enrolled at the local university, they have yet to be separated.

Since Maria's parents divorced, Gina's parents have become like foster parents to Maria. She talks to Gina's mom like she would to a mother, and treats Gina's little brother, Jason, like her own. Gina's father works a lot, and isn't always home, but when he is, he treats Maria like she is a member of the family.

While Maria has her own apartment, she spends most of her time at Gina's house. She sleeps there most nights, and they usually share Gina's bed. It was not uncommon for Maria to be left alone in the house at any time, and she was free to go anywhere she pleased.

On such a morning, Maria woke up in Gina's bed, finding herself alone in the house again. Gina left a note saying that she'd gone to her study group and would be back for lunch. 

After showering, Maria was hoping to use some of Gina's mother's body lotion, which was usually in the bathroom. On this day, it was not, so it must have been in the master bedroom. Being used to walking around nude at her own house, Maria didn't think twice about covering up after she'd dried off. After all, she was alone, right? 

She'd made her way to the parents bedroom and was applying the lotion to her legs when Gina's father walked into the room. He stood in shock at what he beheld before him. Maria was a beautiful shade of light brown, with jet black, curly hair that hung almost to her belly button. Her lips were full and her eyes, framed by expressive eyebrows, were green. Because she was on the track team, her body was toned and the muscles in her long legs were well defined, as were her abs and arms. She had one of these fine legs propped up on the bed and had her hands on her thigh where she was just rubbing the lotion in. He could see her shaven snatch at the apex of her legs, with just a tuft of curly black hair at the top. Her firm breasts were about the size of an overflowing handful with dark brown areola and nipples. Nipples that would indicate the temperature very well.

He'd watched her grow into this woman he saw before him. He'd secretly held fantasies of just such an event; finding her naked in the house. He'd dreamed of taking her and ravishing every part of that beautiful body in every room of the house.

She quickly put her leg down and cupped her breasts to cover them. He could see her blushing as her eyes darted around the room, searching for an escape.

His mind raced. His mouth watered. His dick began to get hard.

"I'm sorry, Maria, I didn't know you were in here," he said, trying to appease the situation.

"I just came to use some body lotion," she said nervously. "I'll just use some of Gina's instead,": she said as she took a step toward the door.

With her step, she came that much closer to him. He could smell every inch of her. Her hair, her lotion, her cunt. He took a deep breath, inhaling all of her. He wanted her badly.

"You should stay, look what you've already done," he said as he pulled his rock hard cock out of his pants. "I can't just let you leave me like this, now, can I?"

He looked deep into her eyes, imploring her to stay, stroking his cock slowly in front of her. He stepped toward her and removed her hands from her breasts. Her chocolate-colored nipples were as hard as his dick. Gently, he took one of those nipples between his thumb and forefinger and twisted it softly. She continued to stare into his eyes.

"I need to taste you," he told her as he put his hands on her hips and lead her back over to the bed. He laid her down, her legs hanging over the edge. He spread those legs to reveal her perfect pussy. She was already wet, as the sight of this man with his hard dick in his hand had made her so.

He kissed all around her outter lips and made his way to her delicate folds. She smelled wonderful, and he would soon find out if she tasted just as good. He licked all around her pussy, not missing an inch. He made his way to her clit, causing her to arch her back as she wrapped her legs around his head. He lubricated a finger on her juices and stuck it inside of her. Her hips rocked with the motion. He put a second finger inside of her as he continued to tongue her clit. She moaned with delight as she had her first orgasm.

Just as she was unwrapping her legs from around her best friend's father's head, Gina's little brother walked in to the room. He was just home from school to get ready for baseball practice. He was 19, and his hormones were already raging. His father's head snapped around, fingers still inside of her. Jason stood, mouth agape at the sight of his father finger-fucking his sister's best friend. His jaw dropped, he could not find words. His father got up and told Jason to smell his fingers.

"Doesn't that smell good?" He asked his son, who he knew was still a virgin. Jason nodded his approval. "Do you want some?" Again, Jason nodded. Maria could only smile as she thought very highly of Jason and would help him in any way that she could.

She sat up on the bed, dripping pussy hanging over the edge. She grabbed Jason's pants and pulled them down, revealing a cock much bigger than she'd expected. His father smiled, proud of his son's dick size. She stroked and sucked it until it was sufficiently hard, then laid back down on the bed, legs apart. Jason guided his tool to her hot, wet hole and tried to slide it in. 

"it's too tight, I can't fit," he said to his father.

"It'll fit, just keep pushing."

Jason finally forced his way into her pussy and began pumping away. Maria lay on the bed, moaning with delight. He fucked her smooth hole with all his might, and she enjoyed every minute of it. His dad just watched, stroking his cock to the rhythm that Jason created. After a few minutes he warned them that he was about to come.

"You don't want to cum inside of her, pull out and ejaculate on her belly," he informed his son.

Jason obliged and shot his load onto her well-defined abdominals.

"Now it's my turn," he said as he flipped her over and propped her up on her knees. He climbed on the bed, on his knees and rammed his cock into her from the back and rode her doggy style.as she squealed with delight. 

She was in heaven. A man twice her age, who'd she'd known and loved like a father was fucking her, and someone she'd always thought of as a little brother had joined in. 

She motioned for Jason to come closer so she could suck his dick while his dad fucked her. He was hard again shortly as she lapped at his joystick, and fondled his testicles. He came again before his dad did, this time in her mouth.

Gina's dad pulled out of Maria's dripping hot cunt and told her that he wanted her to suck the cum out of him. She happily obliged and as she sucked his dad's cock, Jason climbed between her legs to clean up her juicy pussy with his tongue. He licked to his heart's content. His father exploded deep into her mouth and she swallowed every drop.

After she shook with her last orgasm, all three of them lay on the bed contemplating what has just happened. Jason got up to head to baseball practice and his father got up to go get some lunch. She just lay there, replaying the event over in her mind, and giggled with delight.

She was sure that the three of them would get together again, and it couldn't be soon enough for her.