 Driving to work every day during rush hours becomes a stressful event. The bumper to bumper traffic, people on phones, not paying attention, merging without blinkers.. it's all just a matter of time until someone slips up, no matter how careful you are. So there Jake was, just coming off the bridge, tantalizingly close to his exit when WHAM, he got jarred from behind by an SUV.

Sighing, Jake looked in the rear view and couldn't see past the rear view to who was in the driver seat behind him. He put his blinker on and pulled off into the shoulder and rummaged through the glove box for his insurance card, a pen and some paper.

Opening the door, Jake was hit by the cool air of the late afternoon. Summer had ended, for sure. Looking at the Expedition that pulled off to the side behind him, he noted that, of course, no damage had happened to that massive truck. Walking to the back of his Mustang, he winced seeing the crumpled bumper and bent in trunk.

Shaking his head, he looked in the windshield of the SUV, and saw two women arguing with each other, occasionally dipping out of sight like they were looking for something. He walked over to the driver door and knocked. The girl on the other side looked up and flashed him a nervous smile, and he couldn't help but notice her sparkling eyes.. light brown with speckles of green.

"I'm SO sorry," she began..

"Yeah," Jake said, absently, "these things are bound to happen. Here, why don't we just swap insurance info. I have a pen.."

Jake trailed off, noticing the woman bite her lip, and her passenger gave her a little punch.

Swinging her head around she snapped at her friend, "Jenn - cut it out!" and turned back to look at Jake, who got a sinking feeling about asking for her insurance card.

"Well, you see.. " she began, "I can't find my card.. but," she cut Jake off as he opened his mouth to talk, "BUT, I know I have it at home. Seriously. I live nearby. You can follow me."

"Look, maybe we should just get a police report and.." Jake started..

"Oh, please, c'mon!" She pleaded.. "If the cops come and I don't have my insurance card, I'll be SCREWED. Look, here, take my cell phone number, and you can follow me. It's like 5 minutes."

"Well.." Jake was unconvinced, and worried she was scamming him.

"Here, dial this right now..." she gave him a string of numbers, and he punched it in his phone. Her cell phone started ringing and she picked it up.

"Hi, Sarah here!" she said into the phone, which was echoed into Jake's phone. "See? You have my phone number, I have yours, you follow me, I'll get you the insurance, and we'll be all set."

It was getting colder out, traffic was still almost at a stop, so it would be ages for a police car to get through. Looking up at the exit, it was clear, and they could drive right onto it from the shoulder. He relented.

Sarah's face brightened and she started her car and pulled in front of Jake, who dutifully followed her onto the exit. In less than 5 minutes, she was pulling into the driveway of a neatly kept home, complete with white picket fence.

Sarah was shooing Jenn ahead of her to hurry up for some reason, and Jake made his way to meet Sarah as she approached the front door.

"Thank you sooo much," she said, opening the door for Jake, who held it for her to follow in after Jenn. "See? told you I wouldn't ditch ya! Let me go get that card."

Sarah disappeared quickly as Jenn came out with a couple of beers. "Here you go.. least we can do."

Jake was still somewhat in a fog over this little whirlwind of events and took the beer, taking a sip. "Thanks, " he managed.

"Sarah can be so forgetful. But she'll be right out. Totally my fault, I'll say. I was asking her about something and I was trying to get a little rise out of her, and I guess I did. She was startled, then bang! Right into you."

"Fabulous.. so what was it that you said?" Jake asked.

"I asked her if she knew her ex was begging a girl we both know to use nipple clamps on him," Jenn said, with a straight face and a sly smile.

Jake, in the middle of a sip of beer, choked a little, surprised.

"See? totally my fault." Jenn confirmed. "Come, sit." Jenn led him to a sitting area, and he sat back on a comfy loveseat, as Jenn took the chair opposite him.

Sarah appeared at his side, holding an insurance card, and before Jake could stand, she was suddenly sitting on his lap.

"See? Here we go. Again, I'm so sorry, but also I'm so grateful you have been SUCH a gentleman and so understanding."

"Umm... not a problem," Jake replied.

"And not involving the cops.. I would have lost my license. Sooo, I thought maybe I could thank you properly," she finished, looking coyly into his eyes, hand slowly stroking his thigh.

Jake body was already running warm, and now he felt a little dizzy as all the blood rushed elsewhere. His cock was straining against his slacks immediately, easily seen, and a glance over at Jenn confirmed that. She gave him a little head nod acknowledgment before licking her lips and looking down at his crotch. Sarah then leaned in and kissed him.

Her soft lips pressed gently against his at first, as he tentatively returned the kiss, still somewhat taken by surprise by this sudden turn of events. As he kissed her back, she pressed harder, his hands went up around her, embracing her. Her one hand curled through his hair, the other, still on his thigh.

As their lips parted, and tongues came together, Sarah's hand moved instinctively, and traced the outline of Jake's hard member, eliciting a low moan from him. Jenn smiled to herself watching. They had quickly put together a plan when the accident happened - it was an accident - based on a fantasy both had kept talking about over the years. And now it looked like they were living it. Sarah had that insurance card in the car the whole time.

Sarah pushed Jake back, straddling him, as they kissed. His hand roamed through her hair, tugging back slightly as she pull against him, straining to keep their lips pressed. Her hands went to his chest, tugging at the buttons on his shirt quickly. Jake felt her warm hands hit his bare skin and pulled her, crushing their mouths together. Sarah scooted up his body, sitting on his stomach as he felt hands undoing his belt, realizing it must be Jenn.

Pinned down by Sarah, Jake couldn't move as Jenn undid his pants, zipping them down, and suddenly pulling them off. His hard cock sprung through the opening in his boxers, feeling the cool air, as he kissed down Sarah's bare neck. He felt a warm hand grip him, and he bit into the skin of Sarah's neck at the sudden rush of pleasure, feeling and hearing Sarah moan above him.

Sarah's fingers gripped his hair, guiding him further down, and his mouth trailed over the soft skin of the top of her breasts. He worked his hand up, cupping one through her shirt, then tracing along the edges, finding the edge of the material and pulling it away. Her hard nipple expose, he flicked his tongue across it as he felt Jenn's tongue flick over the tip of his cock.

Jenn closed her mouth around the head of Jake's hard member, swirling her tongue around it, tasting the precum already leaking. She slowly worked down his shaft, while at the same time careering her friend's round ass sitting in front of her.

Sarah, pulled Jake's head to her nipple and his mouth closed around it, sending waves of pleasure through her body. He nibble lightly, sucking on it. Jake Was overwhelmed by the sensations as he worked open Sarah's shirt and flicked open her bra, burying his face into her pert breasts, inhaling her soft, sensual smell.

Jenn ran her hand down Sarah's ass, under the short skirt, and up along her thigh, as she continued to bob slowly up and down Jake's cock. Tracing a finger along Sarah's thong, she slid it under her panties, finding her friend already open and wet. She hooked a finger around the thin material between Sarah's ass and pulled slowly back, encouraging her friend to slow slide back. As Jenn lifted her mouth from Jake's cock, she heard him protest slight. But quickly positioned him, sliding Sarah's panties to the side, against Sarah's wet lips.

As Sarah felt the warm hard head against her, she slowly eased down, smiling as Jake moaned around her nipple, shivering slightly as he bit it harder as she enveloped him. Sarah began to slowly ride Jake, her wet juices already running over her balls. Jenn began to lick her juices up, sucking on Jake's balls, and licking down further.

Watching her friend's pussy slowly move up and down that sexy cock, she giggled to herself as Jake's hips thrust up slightly as her tongue flicked over his little asshole. Sarah's pace quickened and Jenn could hear Jake starting to breath heavily as he worked her friend's tits. Pressing her tongue more firmly against Jake's ass, she massaged his balls and slowly worked her tongue in his tight little hole.

Jake couldn't take much more. Jenn was licking his ass - his ass! And it felt incredible mixed with Sarah's warm pussy gripping his dick. "God.. Oh, I'm going to come," he managed to stutter out, and suddenly Sarah lifted off him, grabbed his member, and began to pump him, her breath playing over his head, mouth open. Suddenly free from Sarah on top of him, he was still paralyzed to move, transfixed by the scene he looked down at. Sarah stroking and licking his cock, Jenn licking his ass and massaging his balls, he felt the orgasm coming and let loose.

Sarah squealed in delight as cum spurted from his cock, his ass convulsing and pushing Jenn's tongue out, then in. Cum splashed Sarah's lips and tongue, and dripped down over his balls and ass, where Jenn licked it up feverishly. He came hard, and Sarah continued to stroke him as Jenn moved up, kissing Sarah deeply, cleaning the cum from her lips and face.

Jake's cock was still hard, Sarah's stroking keeping him up, and the girls smiled at each other, then turned to Jake.

"MM.. I think that's a nice beginning of a thank you," Sarah smiled, Jenn nodding her head in agreement. The girls stood, each grabbing on of Jake's hands to pull him up. "But I think we can do better."

Jake let himself be directed by the two sexy women who just gave him one incredible ride, and hazily followed them into the bedroom. "You, sit," Jenn directed, sitting him on the edge of the bed. Jenn and Sarah embraced, kissing, their hands roaming over each other's bodies and quickly removing clothing piece by piece.

Jake's hand went between his legs, stroking himself shamelessly as the women kissed, hands sliding over naked skin, and he took in the sight. Jenn was a bit taller, about 5'7", brunette, full breasts, and shapely curves accented by a nice tan. Sarah was a redhead, barely 5 foot, pert, handful sized breasts, with rock hard nipples at least a 1/2 inch. Both were shaved, lips pouty and moist with their excitement.

"No it's my turn to do a little thanking," Jenn said, turning to Jake. Her hand slid up his thigh, sending shivers through his body. "You don't mind if Sarah helps a bit in getting back at me for causing the accident, do you?"

"No, of course not.." Jake grinned. He couldn't believe his luck.

Jake and Jenn layed back on the bed, exploring each other's bodies, his hands sliding between her legs, working two fingers into her wetness. He heard Sarah walk back into the room, not realizing she had left, and glanced back at her.

Jake's eyes went a bit wide, and he paused for a second, taking in the sight. Sarah stood before him, a green cock sprouting from her crotch in a harness. Her hand was spreading some lube around the strap on as she spoke. "C'mon Jake, let's fuck the hell out of her..."

"Just lay back, baby," Jenn said to Jake, as she straddled his waist. Without waiting for his to say anything, Jenn lowered herself with a long moan onto his shaft, slowly working up and down, getting him deeper with each stroke, until Jake was buried in her. "Oh god, Jenn, you feel so good," Jake said, looking down and seeing himself completely inside.

"Just wait.." Jenn replied, leaning over him, kissing him deeply. She didn't move on him, and when he tried to thrust a little, she stopped, pushing him back down. "Just wait, baby..."

Sarah had moved to the foot of the bed, and Jake felt her between his legs. Sarah gave Jenn a smack on the ass, Jenn cooing in response. Sarah placed the head of the strapon at the entrance to Jenn's pink rose bud and slowly slid it back and forth before pressing forward ever so slowly. Jenn kissed Jake harder, and he could feel her pressing back against Sarah's dildo. Then he could feel the semi-hard rubber tool sliding in Sarah, the ridges teasing along the underside of his cock, as Jenn buried her face in his neck, her teeth biting into his shoulder.

"That's it baby.. take my fat cock in your ass," Sarah said, gutturally. Jake could feel it slowly slide in, inch by inch, over his cock, buried in Jenn's pussy, which had begun to already convulse in the first stages of orgasm. When Sarah was in fully, she slowly drew out, then slide back in. The feeling around Jake's cock was amazing. Jenn wrapped her arms around him, and pinned him down, her warm breath in his ear. "Don't move.. don't fucking move, baby.."

Jake wrapped his arms around Jenn, her nipples pressing hard into his chest, as he stayed perfectly still. Sarah began to fuck Jenn's ass, stroking in and out, until she set up a steady rhythm. Jake didn't move, but his cock was getting stroked like never before. As Sarah began to speed up, he could feel his orgasm building again. Jenn has begun coming as soon as Sarah started fucking her in earnest.. her juices coating Jake's balls, dripping down his ass, wetting his stomach.

"Sarah, that feels amazing.. I'm gonna cum soon.." Jake cried out.

"Just a little more, Jake.. I'm so close, " Sarah replied. The feeling of the strapon rubbing against her clit each time she pounding in against Jenn, and the little nub that fucked into her pussy was bringing her over the edge. Thrusting harder and harder, she was fucking herself as she fucked her friend's ass, and the strapon stroked Jake off. Jake yelled out he couldn't hold it anymore and he began to come inside Jenn, her walls milking him for all he was worth. Sarah quickened her pace one last time, and exploded, her legs going week as she slid fully into Jenn, and stayed there, buried, slumped over her friend and Jake.

As they slowly untangled themselves and lay in each other's arms in the bed, Sarah and Jenn kissed Jake.

"I think that's a good down payment on our apology... will you come by again when we call for your next installment?"

"I'm thinking you can apologize as much as you feel you need to... after all, it was pretty careless of you." Jake joked back.

"Yes, yes it was.." Sarah said in a mock serious tone. I'm sure we'll have plenty to make up for. Jenn and Sarah shared a little secret grin, kissed each other, then help Jake up to get cleaned up.