 Jessie and Tim worked together at a small distribution company. She was the bookkeeper and he worked in customer service. They both were married, Tim for about 10 years and Jessie for only a few months. She was 26, average height at about 5'7", with long brown hair and big brown eyes. Truly a beautiful sight, she weighed all of about 125 pounds with a body to die for. He was a bit older at 45, 5'9" and about 195 pounds with average looks, red hair and blue eyes.

Although Tim's wife was very attractive, he often found himself fantasizing about Jessie. He was more of a small tits kind of guy, but Jessie's 36 D's really seemed to grab his attention. Perhaps it was because they were real. And her tiny rounded ass was a real distraction too. All of this combined with an olive complexion and a flat tummy you could bounce a quarter off of made for some pretty wild fantasies.

Jessie's new husband, Brad, was a looker as well. Tall and rugged looking, he was in construction and had the build to prove it. He had short wavy black hair, dark brown eyes, and a body most men would kill for. He was very handsome, if not downright gorgeous. He had even found his way into Tim's fantasies about Jessie!

Friday was casual dress day in the office and everyone usually wore jeans and t-shirts or some other casual top. This particular Friday had Jessie wearing nicely fitting blue jeans and a country-girl style blue gingham top that fell about an inch or so short of her jeans. It fit snuggly around her mid-drift and quite tight around her breasts. Tight enough to stretch her buttons and provide a peak of her very well fitted bra.

Lunch time found them in the cafeteria alone together. During the casual conversation Jessie learned that Tim was working late that night. He was going to try to get a hotel room since he lived so far from the office. She said she would talk to her husband, Brad, but she was certain he wouldn't mind if Tim joined them for dinner. And perhaps he could come back to the house afterwards for a cocktail. Although Tim initially declined, all kinds of scenarios were racing through his mind. Some even included Brad! Using her cell phone, Jessie called her husband right there in the cafeteria and got it all set up. Tim relented, not so reluctantly!

Tim left his car at the office that evening and he and Jessie met Brad at the restaurant for dinner. After a delicious and filling meal, they paid the bill and proceeded to the parking lot.

"Hey Tim", said Brad. "Why don't you ride with me so you can check out the new truck?"

"Cool!" Tim exclaimed. "Jessie has been bragging on it ever since you guys bought it!"

With that, Tim and Brad departed ways with Jessie as they all shuffled off to their respective rides. It was a short drive and all arrived at Jessie and Brad's house at the same time.

Jessie and Brad's house was small and cute, kind of cottage or cabin-like. It had a good sized kitchen, small living room/dining room area, and two bedrooms. The master bedroom had its own bathroom and the guest bathroom was located in the hall next to the guest bedroom. The lot was big, about an acre and a half, and the house was pretty much dead center of the lot.

All three shuffled into the house and Brad directed Tim and Jessie to the couch while he went to the kitchen to make drinks.

"Cute place Jessie", said Tim.

"Yeah, we like it. It's quiet and with the big lot we don't really hear the neighbors, which means they hopefully can't hear us!" she replied with a giggle.

"I see..." Tim responded, seeming somewhat uncomfortable. "So, um, who, uh, who is the loud one?" he asked with a cautious smile.

"Brad grunts and moans a lot and he is quite loud" whispered Jessie. "But when he hits the 'spot' I scream loud enough to rattle the windows!"

Tim was getting aroused. All kinds of things went through his head. Jessie was pretty open about this once out of the office. He wanted to hear more, so he pressed on.

"The 'spot'?" he queried quietly. He didn't want Brad to hear him talking to Jessie about their sex life. Brad was quite a bit bigger than Tim and he didn't feel like getting his ass kicked.

"Oh, my god! The 'spot'! He get's me really worked up and then goes for the kill and I am clinging to the ceiling! What he does is..." She stopped mid sentence as Brad emerged from the kitchen with cocktails.

"So, what's all the whispering about?" he asked, acting like the jealous husband.

"Oh, it was nothing." Tim replied.

"Nothing?!?!" Jessie asked a chuckle. "We were talking about 'extracurricular' activities", she said rather sheepishly.

"Exactly what kind of extracurricular activities were you talking about?" Brad asked his wife, raising an eyebrow with curiosity.

"Sex!" she whispered to his face. "We were talking about sex and getting loud and I was about to tell him about the 'spot' when you walked in."

Tim could have died. He thought for sure that Brad was going to kill him. Here was this older guy talking about sex with his beautiful young sexy wife. He must have turned eight shades of red.

A suggestion was made to drink the cocktails quickly to lighten things up a bit and then Jessie can continue her story, so they pretty much slammed the first round. Brad made more and returned again to the couch.

"Well Jessie... go ahead, finish your story!" Brad insisted.

Jessie continued, "What he does is get me really wet with his fingers, then when I'm pretty much dripping he starts licking me, darting his tongue in and out. Then while playing with my clit, he sticks two fingers inside me, one at a time. He continues licking me while sliding the two fingers in and out until I begin to tense up. Then he presses with his other hand on my pelvic area, presses his two inserted fingers upward, flicks at my clit with his tongue, and I just begin to gush! It's awesome!"

"You ain't kiddin' baby!" Brad said. "Her tits get all firm and her nipples point straight up, all hard and everything! And I just suck it all up... every drop! Mmmmmm, Mmmmmm, finger lickin' good!" he declared.

By this time Jessie and Brad seemed to have forgotten that Tim was there. Brad's cock was bulging from his tight jeans and Jessie's nipples were practically tearing the fabric on her bra and top. And then Brad started to caress his wife's kitty.

"Uhumm!" Tim cleared his throat. "Wow, that sounds like some kind of fun!" he said, not able to think of anything else. "I'll have to try that on my wife!" 

Jessie looked past her husband to where Tim was sitting. She noticed him trying to hide an obvious erection. He looked a bit embarrassed so she thought she would try to set him at ease.

"Well, if she's anything like me she will explode! But from the looks of things, satisfaction doesn't look to be an issue for you!" she said, pointing her big brown eyes at the bulge in my pants.

"Uh, this is kinda embarrassing." Tim stammered.

Brad stood up. "What's so embarrassing Tim? I would be offended if you didn't get a hard on listening to my wife talk about me making her cum! Hell, I'm still hard!", he said.

"Looks like you may have some competition in the size department sweetheart!" Jessie said, looking at Brad. "I wonder who's bigger...!"

"Okay, big boy, stand up!" Brad said motioning to Tim with his finger. "Jessie wants to know who's bigger so let's show her!" And with that, he unbuttoned his pants, unzipped his fly, and dropped his trousers to the ground. "Let's go!" he demanded.

Tim nervously followed suit. Now there they were, standing side by side facing Jessie, pants around their ankles, briefs bulging. Brad was smiling as if he already knew. Tim was very anxious, unsure of exposing himself to another married woman, much less with her husband standing right next to him. This was kind of his fantasy, but he never really thought it would be played out.

Jessie reached out her hand, first to Tim, cupping his covered balls in her hand. She smiled and said "Nice balls! Firm, tight, very nice feel!" Then to her husband, repeating what she had done with Tim. "I know I like these! Big, tight, smooth balls, eager for me to suck on!"

"Um, mine are smooth too Jessie..." Tim stuttered. 

"MMMMMMMM! Delicious!" replied Jessie. "I do love smooth balls, don't I Brad?"

"Yes Jessie", replied Brad, "You do love smooth balls. And tight ones, too. I'm not much into hair myself. Are you, Tim?" 

Tim was speechless. Did Brad just ask him if he liked smooth balls? Or was he referring to smooth pussies? Does Brad like smooth balls or smooth pussies? Tim was quite confused and he wasn't sure how to respond.

"Uh, naw, I'm not much for hair either." Tim said, trying to be as vague as Brad.

"Nice!" Brad replied, nodding his head. "Then we're all on the same page!"

Jessie made the boys step completely out of their jeans while they finished their drinks. Brad left to make another round and Jessie scooted close to Tim. She leaned in real close to his ear.

"You're leaking." She said, pointing her eyes at Tim's crotch. "You've got a 'spot'. You may need to take care of that."

"Um, so where's the bathroom?" Tim asked, sounding lost. ""I'll just be a few minutes."

"You should really wait till Brad gets back. We haven't yet found out who's bigger! Would hate for you to lose because you couldn't wait! Besides, he looked like he could use some relief too." She said.

Brad walked in a few moments later and Tim did notice a wet 'spot' on his undies. As he tried not to stare at Brad's crotch, he couldn't help but wonder what his cock would feel like in his hand, or perhaps in his mouth! This only excited Tim more and now he was pretty sure he was going to cum right there in his shorts. He looked away and tried to think of something else.

"Okay boys, moment of truth! Drop the briefs... quickly while you're still both hard!" Jessie demanded.

So they did. Jessie sat in front of them, looking at one, then back to the other. Smiling, she reached out her hand, again first to Tim. She touched at first with her index finger, and then she gradually wrapped her hand around his shaft. She rubbed her thumb over Tim's swollen cockhead, spreading around the precum, and making sure to get a good bit on her thumb tip. She then leaned in, raising her thumb while keeping her hand on Tim's cock, and licked the precum. Tim thought for sure he was done.

She quickly let go, perhaps sensing the tension building up in Tim's cock, and reached out for Brad's cock. She wrapped her hand around it and stroked it a couple of times, as if to give him an advantage. She leaned in and kissed his cockhead and then let go.

"Well, Brad is definitely longer, but Tim is pretty thick. I'll call it a draw!" she declared. "Now, what are you boys going to do about your situation? I mean, all hard and ready to cum and all...!" 

The boys stood there for a moment looking at each other. Then Jessie had an idea.

"Tim, you're staying the night. We're going to be drinking and you shouldn't be driving. And we do have a spare room, not that it ever get's used! I'll be right back." And off she went to her bedroom.

Jessie returned a few minutes later wearing nothing but a t-shirt and a thong. Tim was now in the presence of the sexiest woman he had ever met. His flaccid cock was once again rigid, much to the delight of Jessie. And Brad was holding his up pretty well too.

After round 2 Brad once again went to the kitchen to make yet another round of drinks. Meanwhile Jessie moved closer to Tim, who was now sitting on the couch wearing only a t-shirt and a hard on. She leaned over and kissed him as she placed her hand on his leg.

"Does this make you uncomfortable? ", she asked. "Because I can stop whenever you want me to."

Tim was getting pretty lit. Not much would have bothered him at this point. "Not at all", he replied as he reached for her firm tits, nipples poking through the thin t-shirt material. "May I...?" he asked.

"I thought you'd never ask!" she said in her sexiest voice. "You can move lower if you'd like."

As Tim slid his hand down Jessie's body to her now moist thong, Brad returned with their drinks. Somewhere in between the kitchen and the living room Brad had removed his shirt, bearing his well defined chest and abs. Tim sat motionless as Brad walked in front of him to take his place on the couch next to Jessie.

"Uh, hello!" Jessie said rather sternly, looking at Tim. "My nipples are hard, your hand is on my wet pussy, my hand is stroking your cock, and you stop when my husband walks by? What's up with that?" She was, of course, joking. She knew at that moment that they were all going to have a great night.

"I think we should move to the bedroom", Brad insisted. "It'll be more comfy and relaxing there."

So off they went to the bedroom, with drinks in hand. The bed was a California King, with a nice plush feather pad on the mattress. And it had a canopy frame with a sheer drape around it. There was plenty of room for all three of them.

Jessie and Tim finished undressing before climbing on to the bed. Once everyone was comfortably naked, they continued their explorations. As Tim returned to fingering Jessie's pussy, Brad moved into position for Jessie to give him head. Jessie, meanwhile, continued stroking Tim's cock and massaging his balls. They played like this for a short while until Brad pulled away from Jessie's mouth.

"Let's change things up here a bit!" said Brad. "Ever have a three-way train, Tim?" he asked. 

Now Tim was nervous. He had never had sex with more than one person at a time. How was this going to work? Was this going to be a fuck train or a suck train? There was only one gal and two guys, which meant one of the guys was getting cock.

"Um, never, Brad." He replied. "How does this work?" he asked.

"Well, it works like this. Tim, you get Jessie's pussy. It's nice and sweet and wet for you! And Jessie, I really need you to suck my cock. Which means I get your cock Tim... you don't mind do you? Ever been sucked off by a guy before?"

Before Tim could answer, Brad was directing traffic. He got Jessie on her right side with her left leg up so Tim could get his face in her pussy, then he had Tim on his right side so that he could position himself with his mouth on Tim's cock and Jessie's mouth on his cock.

Tim was in heaven! Jessie shaved her pussy almost bald, leaving only a "landing strip" of very soft, short pubic hair. There was no other hair to be found anywhere near her sweet wet cunt. He darted his tongue in and out, licking and sucking her sweet nectar. He began using his finger the way she described Brad doing it. He could hear Jessie moan as she continued to suck Brad's cock.

And Jessie was giving Brad the blowjob of a lifetime, deepthroating all 7 inches right up to his nut sack. She was working his balls over too, taking the whole sack in her mouth with one loud suck while stroking his spit soaked shaft. She was really going wild with Tim at her kitty. She would buck when he would press his finger forward on her 'spot', releasing more juices into Tim's hungry mouth. 

Meanwhile, Brad was working his magic on Tim's cock. It was obvious that this was not his first time! Running his tongue up and down the throbbing shaft, swirling it around the swollen purple head, was driving Tim nuts! He was using his hand to massage Tim's smooth tight ball sack. And he was going nuts with Jessie swallowing is cock so deep! He kept thrusting his hips, trying to push his cock deeper into her throat, sometimes causing her to gag.

Tim's fingers were dripping with Jessie's goo so he decided to explore her ass. He slid his fingers out of her pussy and dragged them down to her tight asshole. He began by rubbing it, gently pressing on her rosebud. This sent shivers up her back. Then he pressed more firmly, gently penetrating her with his index finger. She bucked and tensed up, so he held his finger where it was. When she relaxed he pressed further, up to the first knuckle. Then he pushed more, her ass swallowing his finger all the way to his hand. After holding for a brief moment, he slowly pulled out almost all the way, and then pushed back in a little faster than before. He continued finger fucking her ass while tongue fucking her pussy.

Brad, meanwhile, had noticed Jessie's body bucking and tightening up. "What are you doing to my wife, bro?" he asked as he took a brief break from Tim's cock. "She's going nuts!"

"I guess she likes her ass fucked!" Tim answered while keeping up the pace with two fingers in her ass now.

"Fuck yeah!" Jessie screamed in approval.

"Well buddy, what's good for the goose is good for the gander!" said Brad as he slipped a moistened finger into Tim's ass. "How's that?"

"Uhhhhhg!" Tim moaned in total ecstasy. He never had his ass plugged before. And if Brad's finger felt that good, how would his cock feel? He was hoping to find out.

They continued sucking, licking, and finger fucking for a while before taking another cocktail break and catching their collective breath. They talked about fantasies and joked around until the drinks were gone.

"So Tim, you liked my finger in your ass?" asked Brad. The look in his eyes told Tim that he had something in mind.

"Dude, that was incredible! I've never had a feeling like that before!" Tim replied. 

"Then you are going to LOVE what's next!" Brad informed him. "Now Tim, you get on all fours and Jessie, you lie slide down there with your pussy by Tim's face and your face under his cock in a 69... this is gonna rock!"

Tim and Jessie arraigned their bodies as brad directed. Tim went to work on Jessie's snatch again while Jessie started sucking Tim's balls and stroking his cock. All of a sudden Tim felt something wet and cold on his asshole that made him twitch.

"Hold still man... this is gonna feel real good!" Brad told him. "Just gotta get you lubed up and we will be in good shape."

Tim knew what was about to happen and it turned him on so much that he buried his face in Jessie's cunt and licked and sucked and lapped like there was no tomorrow! He again started to finger fuck her tight asshole, first with one, then two, and eventually three fingers. Jessie was going wild on Tim's cock, swallowing it like she did her husbands earlier in the evening. Brad began to work Tim's ass with his fingers, trying to relax him and loosen him up. It seemed to be working as Brad was able to get four fingers in.

Then Brad pulled his fingers out and moved his 7" cock into position. With a gentle push and a quiet gasp from Tim, his cock head was in. He stopped there for a moment to let Tim compose himself and get used to something that size inside him. Once he felt Tim relax he pushed further, very slowly, until he was in Tim's man pussy up to his balls. Then he pulled all the way out and back in. This sent a quiver all throughout Tim's body as he moaned into Jessie's pussy.

Jessie now had access to another set of balls and she took full advantage. As she stroked Tim's cock, she sucked on Brad's balls. She was also licking Brad's cock as it slid in and out of Tim's ass. She then went back to work on Tim's throbbing tool, alternating between licking his balls and sucking his cock.

Tim was going for Jessie's 'spot' and she was getting close to blowing. He was tonguing her clit, finger fucking her cunt, and having her press down on the pelvic area like Brad does. She was now bucking madly, thrusting her hips upward into Tim's face. She let out a moan and a scream.

"AHHHHHHH! Holy fuck! Yeah baby! I'm gonna cum!!" she screamed, as she let loose with a spray of girl juice righ in Tim's face.

Brad was pumping Tim's ass pretty hard and fast now, and Tim could feel every inch of the monster cock that was inside of him. And then Brad stopped and pulled out.

We're not gonna cum like this, buddy!" he told Tim. "Jessie, get on your hands and knees on top of Tim and slide his cock into your cunt" he ordered. She complied quite eagerly as she knew what the finale was.
