 Chapter One: The Sex School

Jasper Coleman, who was still adjusting to consciousness, stood with an absent stare just a few feet from the front door of his apartment. His surroundings were dark, only the light of the outside city illuminated the dull setting; and even then, a minuscule amount reached where he stood. The clock that hung behind him ticked at an unsettling pace, violating the silence of the early morning. Each tick pinged against his brain, which was currently fragile with ache.

If someone were to observe Jasper at that moment, with his slouched stature and catatonic gaze, one would think him to be brain dead. However, this was far from true. In his head, Jasper was checking off each thing needed for the day. He did so meticulously and thoroughly, for today was the most important day of his life.

Jasper gently licked his lips and a spark of awareness was resurrected in his eyes. He perked up and checked himself one last time. He was an extremely attractive boy; while his body was moderately impressive, his facial features were what stood out. He had dark hair that paired nicely with his perfect eyebrows, and his carved jawline accented his menacing gaze. His eyes was the signature characteristic that everyone first notices upon meeting him, they were dark brown, almost black, and sharply enigmatic. While he himself was a kind and gentle person, his look was overpowering.

Jasper had just turned 18, and today, was his first day at The Academy.

The Academy of Artistic and Talented Youth is a special school, to say the least. For a long time, the school was, in fact, normal. It was a prestigious boarding school that taught talented students going into arts such as acting, directing, writing, painting, etc. However, this normal but prestigious school changed forever about a decade ago, when they introduced a new branch of study to their curriculum.

The Academy began to admit students to study the art of intercourse.

This is exactly what it sounds like, the students study how to become pornographers, escorts, etc. The first class of students are thought of as pioneers, the greatest in the world at sex. Of course, the students do not have sex in the classroom until they reach legal age. Before then, they simply sit in a classroom and learn how to prefect the art in the form of notes and teachings. But when the students turn 18, then the classes begin to get fun.

Jasper had just gotten admitted, joining the famed first class of sex students. It was time for school.

Jasper inhaled a deep breath of not-so-fresh air as he stood on an unsanitary and dim street corner. Chicago. The city he grew up in and never planned to leave. He loved every aspect of city life, it was what he was accustomed to, and he desired nothing else. It was this city, his city, that was the first to introduce this concept of schools teaching sex, he remembered it happening only nine years ago, when The Academy opened its intercourse branch of the school. He never dreamed that he would attend, but applying was a last-ditch effort. His mother died in a car accident last year, and he never had a father, leaving the bills to be his sole responsibility. He would be forced to quit school and find a job if he wasn't admitted (The Academy provides a place of residence for its students). He was astonished that he was accepted, considering the astronomically low acceptance rate. His future was now set for him, he knew that, anyone who attends The Academy is automatically guaranteed a job somewhere in the lucrative sex industry.

The bus arrived and snapped him of his trance.

Jasper plopped ungracefully onto the second to last seat with a groan. No conversation existed on this bus, and a depressing silence held the air. The vehicle was empty aside from a few passengers.

Jasper looked forward and awaited arrival.

Not very long after Jasper got settled, he noticed something. A pair of eyes looked back at him from about five seats up.

She was a girl. He couldn't see much of her because of the morning darkness, but he did see a brunette ponytail protruding up from the seat. Her arm, which was covered with a baggy sweatshirt sleeve, rested on the top of the seat, on which she laid her mouth and half of her face so only her eyes and nose were visible. He couldn't see much, but he could tell she was cute.

He then realized he had been unintentionally making eye contact with this girl for a solid thirty seconds. He didn't feel right simply looking away at this point, for the staring had lasted uncomfortably long. So, Jasper responded to her with a friendly smirk that he knew fitted him. He still couldn't see her mouth, but he could see her eyes form the condensed result of a smile and her nose scrunch up.

The mysterious girl then got up and walked to the seat across from him. Which Jasper wished she didn't do. Despite being incredibly charismatic when he wanted to be, Jasper was not a people person, and usually preferred being left alone. She sat across from him with her hands in her lap and an upright posture. She didn't say anything, only looked at him.

She was still grinning, never stopped in the first place, and she tilted her head a bit. Now that she was closer, Jasper got a look at her. She was absolutely gorgeous. She had the slightest bit of brown freckles on her face that was rounded perfectly with a nice smile. The girl was a perfect size, not too skinny and not too fat. Athletic, he could tell. But her eyes. Holy shit, her eyes were captivating. They were brown like his, and seemed to hold a special aspect that was incredibly alluring. They seemed to sparkle every time the bus passed a streetlight, which illuminated her face for a brief second. And when they weren't under a street light, the eyes were mysteriously sexy.

Jasper was going to say hello, but the attempt was unsuccessful, he was too enveloped in her beauty.

"You're going to The Academy, aren't you?" She spoke with an inviting voice, but without whispering, which bothered Jasper, considering the whole bus was completely silent.

He took an internal second to situate himself, to prepare for a conversation with the most gorgeous girl he has ever seen. He employed his most nonchalant smile and turned towards her, "How'd you know?"

She made a noise, an abrupt snort followed by a few chuckles, "Well, you're an attractive boy my age who is on a bus at five in the morning, and the students for the normal school don't come until six thirty. What's your major?"

This girl radiated a carefree aura, a lack of regard for judgement with a welcoming kindness. "Oh," Jasper responded, stopping for a moment before lowering his voice, "I'm taking classes in the intercourse branch of the school."

The girl yipped. "You're a sex major, too?!" She exclaimed loudly, "How exciting!"

A woman two rows up, who was elderly and carrying a purple purse to match her ugly cardigan, looked back in obvious disapproval, perhaps even disgust.

"You know," she nimbly jumped over to his seat, pressing up against him, which surprised him, "I was one of the original thirteen."

"No way," the original thirteen students to attend The Academy were famed across the country. Jasper was genuinely surprised, and even more so intimidated.

"Yes sir," she said with confidence, "Risked my butt to do what I love every day... which is fuck things."

The woman two rows up moved seats.

Back when the launch of the Academy was big news, the stories of the original thirteen students were told on repeat on the television. Jasper, who possessed elevated intelligence and therefore an excellent memory, knew most of the names of the thirteen, he tried to recall them, "What's your name?"

"Sasha," she smiled, her teeth were perfectly straight.

The name was familiar, Bishop..? Banks..?

"Brinkman," she answered his question for him, "Sasha Brinkman."

"Yeah, wow, I know your name," he said surprised, she was from the suburbs. Her story was interesting, he remembered her mother disowned her, and she became one of the head honchos for the anti-sex school movement. "It's so strange to meet you in person." 

"Star-struck already fresh meat? Well, you're on the same level as me now, you got in for a reason, you know," She smirked caustically and took a bite of the granola bar that she had brought out of her backpack.

Her odd, erratic personality made him laugh again, "So, your name is gonna be in history books?"

"I guess so," she shrugged.

"How's that feel?"

"Couldn't tell you. I don't think about it all that much," she said, "Well, most of the time it doesn't feel like a good thing that I'm so known, the shit we go through... We are making a difference, though. Ushering in a new way of thinking. After I graduate, I'm going to be an icon for girls everywhere."

Jasper couldn't help not smiling.

"We sure as hell need one right now," she muttered, thinking of the woman a few seats ahead of them.

"Do all thirteen still go here?" Jasper asked after a short silence.

"Simi, Jia, Jordan, Miles, Rayne, Frankie and Izzy, Flint, Camila, Josh, Devon, Bri and me." She spit out in rapid succession.

Jasper raised an eyebrow.

"Yeah. We all still go here. We're like family."

"I can't wait to have sex," Sasha spit out, before Jasper could respond. Jasper realized that she had done this to purposely aggravate the woman a few rows up.

Sasha said the phrase proudly, and the woman, now 10 seats in front of them, said with a disgusted tone, "Dear Jesus, bless them."

Sasha stuck out her tongue at the lady. Jasper felt embarrassed, but seeing Sasha's attitude towards it helped.

"Do we have classes together, you think?" Jasper would like someone so friendly in his class, and for other, obvious reasons as well.

"Awe. Someone wants to fuck me," she laughed, the way she said it with smile and such a comedic tone... it was so foreign to Jasper... This must be what academy life is like.

"Yes we do," she continued, "It's a small major, we all have classes together pretty much if you're the same age."

Thank god, Jasper thought.

The bus came to a stop with a jolt.

Sasha got up, "Come on, hot stuff." She said to Jasper, who was following her.

The atmosphere of the school was the same of any other. Students were talking in groups, lockers were lined up next to classrooms, the regular stuff. It was odd, to think of all the news stories that were hammered into his head about this place. All the liberal stations praising it, all the conservative ones demonizing it. What he found was that the school didn't fit either of these narratives, the students were there to learn and live normal lives, doing what they wanted to do.

"There are four different wings of the school, two downstairs and two upstairs. The wings are divided between film and theatre, art and photography, writing and screenplay, and, of course, the music wing," Sasha said, Jasper was in his own world, a place where he resides often, he almost forgot he was walking with her.

"Well," he paused, "which wing is our wing?"

"Uhhhh, it's not so much a wing as a basement," she responded hesitantly.

Jasper raised an eyebrow, "Basement?"

"Get used to it Jasper," Sasha's tone was suddenly serious, "You chose a certain life, and that was brave of you and now you can do what you want with your life. But if you think people won't treat you like dirt, you're wrong. Including the staff here."

He didn't respond for a moment.

"Sorry," she shrugged, "I just want to be real with you. You'll figure that out either way, I thought it'd be better to just tell you."

"So..." he said, "basement?"

"It's not as bad as it sounds."

"SIMI!" Sasha interrupted herself with a yell, she waved her hands in the air, signaling to a girl across the hall.

The girl responded with a smile and a wave back. She was a foreign girl, Jasper couldn't tell what exactly. He could tell she had a bit of Indian in her, mixed with something else. She was extremely skinny(not Jasper's type) but insanely gorgeous.

Sasha ran off to be with her friend. Simi, as Sasha called her, was in a group of people. All attractive and intimidating. Sasha hugged Simi, turned around and waved for Jasper to come over.

Jasper got bumped by a group of passing students, and used the opportunity to escape. He liked Sasha, but he didn't want to walk into a group of people, that was too much. He made his way to his first class.

The woman sitting behind the desk didn't say anything to Jasper as he entered the room. She was looking down at her papers as he took a seat in the back left corner.

She was white and blonde. Her hair was curly and hung down to her mid back, and she sported glasses as she nonchalantly chewed on the edge of a pencil. Her nose was disproportionate, which was a mild distraction from her body. The woman, who was probably early thirties, was thick beyond belief. Her tits bulged from her button up shirt and her thick legs were crossed in her dress.

Jasper was drooling over her as she looked up.

"Jasper? Right?" He was the only one in the class.

"Yes, Ms. Knopp," he smiled at her and perked up.

"Okay, you're one of the only new students this year. You'll love it here," she said with a smile, "We're all a close-knitted family here in this major."

"Thank you," he responded just as friendly, "I appreciate that a lot."

"You're the one who broke the IQ record for the school," she stated. This was true. Each student was required to take an IQ test before being allowed into the school. You must be a certain intelligence to be allowed in. The state didn't want to take idiots out of the real classroom. Let's just say, Jasper did more than meet standards.

"Yes that was me, Ms. Knopp," he said proudly. He got a 164.

She looked down at her papers, "The K is silent, Hun."

He laughed and felt foolish at the same time.

"Oh," she continued, "You might wanna move over one, that seat is reserved."

Jasper was confused, but didn't question anything. He moved one seat to his left.

Students began to funnel into the room. Jasper took note of each one of them, they were each beautiful in their own way. Different cultures, sizes, sexes. It wasn't just stereotypical beauty, it was attractive in every sense. Eventually, Sasha and Simi walked in and took a seat near him. Simi sat in front of him, Sasha to the left.

"Where'd you go?" Sasha pouted, seemingly upset about not getting to introduce the new guy to her friends.

"I got lost," he said sheepishly.

She rolled her eyes.

He chuckled and without thinking joked, "Did you just roll your eyes at me?"

She smirked, "Maybe I did..."

She leaned in, her perfume filled his nose. His breath began to pick up. "...Whatcha gonna do about it."

The bell rung.

Sasha winked and sat back in her seat. Jasper wanted to pass out.

"Hello, class," Knopp said with a smile, "Welcome to a new year!"

Jasper got the chills.

"Throughout this year we will have tons of sexual adventures together, and for..." She was interrupted by the door opening.

A girl barged into the room with intentional recklessness and disrespect. She held a McDonald's cup in her left hand and a purse around the other.

"Yeah, yeah. I'm late, I know," she said before taking a sip of her drink and taking a seat in the desk that Jasper had to move from.

"I wouldn't expect anything less," Knopp smirked.

Knopp continued talking, Jasper tuned out however, looking at the girl to his right. She was wearing a skin tight dress, she was tan, seemingly Italian, and her hourglass figure made Jasper's mouth water. She had shortly cut dark hair, and she wore the style well, she radiated rebellious.

"Now, class," Knopp said, concluding her speech, "As many of you know. Today is a day that has been long awaited for some of you. You are all officially 18, meaning we can perform sexual exercises in the classroom!."

A boy in the front gave a shout of joy, which was answered with laughs and a few more exclamations.

"So, today we will get to... know each other."

"As most of you know I'm not talking about getting to know each other personally, we will introduce ourselves later, I meant getting to know each other sexually. Turn to your partner next to you. And we're gonna play a game. First partnership to have both members cum, wins!

The class erupted in excitement. Jasper, who was amazed at his luck, looked over to Sasha. But Sasha was looking elsewhere, to her left.

"Over here, dipshit," he turned to his right to see the girl with short hair looking at him.

"Okay, now remember guys, start with some oral before you begin intercourse, I'll be coming around and critiquing you." Knopp announced.

The class began to bustle with movement as couples paired off and undressed one another. Jasper got up from his chair and awaited for the girl to do the same. This is something she took her time with. The girl took one last sip of her drink, and slowly stood up, sticking her ass out as she did so. She trotted over at a steady and sexy pace with overpowering confidence. When she got to him she stood at his side, sizing him up. "Alright new kid, whatcha packin?" she asked with a rasped whisper, and grabbed his dick.

He moaned as he felt her hand, it's been a while for him. Thankfully, this was a category Jasper was efficient in. The girl pulled out his ten inch cock.

"Holy fucking shit," she said surprised, but kept her voice monotone, "Now I know why they let you in, I was wondering with all this extra fat on you."

"Impressive," she was chewing gum, which contributed to her rebel attitude.

"Don't get too cocky though, I've been doing this for a long time." She then continued to take her gum out of her mouth and stick it in his. Surprised by this action, he took it out, as he did so however, she bent over and began to suck him off.

She deepthroated all ten inches.

Jasper's legs got wobbly and he had to lean up against a desk. He let out a long satisfied moan.

She looked up at Jasper and stroked his dick, "Pussy" she laughed.

"Don't let her get to you," Jasper looked up, on the ground a few feet from him was two girls on their knees, they were in front of a pair of boys, but they seemed to be working together. Then, with shocking realization, he noticed the two girls were sisters. They were different in many ways, one was older, tall and tan, and the other was younger, shorter, and pale. Not to mention one was blonde and the other was brunette. But Jasper didn't have any doubt in his mind they were sisters, their facial features were too similar.

"Moaning's hot," the smaller one said, then continued to help her sister suck off two dicks.

Jasper couldn't respond, he was too captivated in the experience. He never stopped watching the sisters though, they worked together masterfully. He also noted that they were touching each other fearlessly, obviously comfortable with each other. The older sister, the blonde one, who was much more slender then the younger one, took her hand and licked it before getting at her sister's cunt from behind, and slowly dragging it all the way up her asscrack. The younger sister yelped with pleasure.

Jasper moaned again, convinced he was in heaven. That's when the girl got up, sat on the desk and spread her legs, revealing her pussy. A thing of beauty with a cute haircut, a triangle of hair above the clit, almost like an arrow, inviting him in.

Jasper desperately wanted to make a statement his first day, and felt as though winning this competition would do that. He took no time before grabbing his dick and began to enter her perfect pussy.

She violently grabbed the hair on the back of his head. "Not a chance," she said, and shoved his head down.

Frustrated but determined, Jasper began eating her out.
