 Kat stood in the car park of the PCYC scanning the grills of a multitude of cars looking for the distinctive four interlocked circles of her fiance Dan's Audi. Her iPhone vibrated in her hand as Dan sent her a message saying 'Up the back near the soccer field.' She looked up to see his hand waving out of the window and as she felt the cold hair whip around her exposed legs, she leant into the wind and headed towards the car.

Only two weeks earlier Dan had presented her with a gorgeous diamond ring that had apparently cost him, or at least his wealthy father, nearly $10,000. At first Kat was elated to be joining one of the richest families in Newcastle but now things were becoming complicated. 

Did she really love him or just love his money? Would her liaison with his mate Peter, which happened a few weeks before she even met Dan, become an issue. Would the fact that that liaison also included Peter's mate Nick in a torrid threesome ever be used against her? What about Peter's gorgeous wife Maria? Did she know about her philandering husband? She'd met Peter numerous times since but there had been nothing, no indication whatsoever of their liaison months earlier. It was if it had been a dream. When Kat looked at Maria she wondered why on earth Peter felt he needed to stray. She was a gorgeous tall brunette of Italian extraction and style.

Dan wasn't a particularly good looking or charming man. Slightly corpulent with no particular interests other than spending vast amounts of cash on his bride-to-be, he was a good catch for a woman like Kat. 

Kat was no fool. Here was a fairly decent man from a relatively decent family who was loaded to the gunnels with cash from his family's property business. As a business graduate, Kat was well placed to play an important role in the company's growth and its income.

Dan leant over and pushed the door open for her and as she sunk down into the leather seat he ran a hand up her exposed leg. She turned her head towards him and as they kissed he pulled up the hem of her netball skirt.

"Now, now," she said slapping his hand away. "Hands off the merchandise."

"What's happening tonight?" she asked.

Dan slipped the car into gear and pulled out into the drive. "Pete and a few of his mates are coming over to watch the rugby final so I thought we might just have a few drinks, get some pizzas."

Simultaneously she was excited and anxious. A house full of his mates, which most likely included Nick, were going to be in their townhouse. She both hoped, and didn't hope, that Maria would be there. If she wasn't well then she'd be the centre of attention, which she liked, or if she was, well at least she'd be safe from prying eyes and hands.

She loved that threesome with Peter and Nick. She was well drunk and stoned that night. It was at a university toga party on Cook's Hill when at three in the morning Peter and her snuck away into a spare bedroom for a quick fuck. She was riding him for all she was worth when all of a sudden she felt something rubbing against her face. It was Nick's cock. Without delay she sucked him into her mouth and for the next 90 minutes she was fucked every which way but loose. When she awoke at 10.30 they were both gone leaving nothing more than a slightly stretched cunt and loads of dry cum. She'd loved the way they shoved two cocks into her cunt. Loved the way they came in her mouth. Loved their stamina. Loved their dirty talk. Loved the dirt. Loved the urgency. Loved the thrill of discovery.

"Sounds good," she said.

Her yellow and green netball uniform clung tightly to her slender petite figure and she re-tied her long blonde hair into a ponytail.

"Do we need anything for tonight then? Snacks, beer, wine?" she asked.

"All sorted," he said. "I've bought everything but Pete's mate Nick is going to cook it."

Her stomach sunk but all she could do was turn, look out the window, and smile.

------

As they travelled home Dan was muttering on about something or other and all she could do was reminisce about that rugged night of passion months earlier. The reminiscing was going well, so well that she'd become unbelievably horny.

He swung the car into the driveway and as they hopped out she had no idea what he had been talking about but she could feel her wetness oozing into her sports knickers. 

She tried to think whether or not Dan knew that she knew Nick. How would she greet him? 

She needn't have worried, he did all the work for her.

In a piece of perfect timing that would have seemed scripted had it been on TV, Nick's car pulled in next to Dan's.

"Hey Nicko," Dan said, "How's it going?"

Nick, dressed in nothing more than a rugby jumper and a pair of shorts, grabbed a few bags off the back seat and without even glancing at Kat he wandered over to the two of them.

"Nick," Dan said. "This is Kat, my bride to be."

"Hi Kat," he said, "Pleased to meet you." He quickly looked her up and down and turned to Dan. "I'm ready to cook my good man. I hope the fridge is well stocked?"

"Indeed," Dan said. "When only the best will do."

Ignoring Kat may well have been seen as rudeness but as soon as Dan turned to open the front door Nick gave Kat a quick smile and a knowing wink.

The townhouse looked out over the harbour and with her stomach alive with a thousand butterflies Kat sauntered into the main living room.

The massive new Samsung TV almost blocked the view out onto the harbour and Dan and her had argued over the best place for it. Dan's reasoning was that with the lounge suite up against the cut off kitchen wall, he wouldn't have to look at the mess in the kitchen and she could pass him snacks over. Her argument of course was simply you can't see the view that he had so handsomely paid for.

Needless to say, he won.

Nick began sifting through a bag of groceries and Dan set about setting up the TV and surround sound theatre system for what he had been describing to Kat as the greatest game in over a decade. If he'd asked her, Kat wouldn't have had any idea who was playing.

As she stood in the kitchen watching Nick hack away at a baguette, the front door handle shook as some more of Dan's mates turned up. 

Knowing that if she leant forward on the edge of the kitchen bench her skirt would lift up revealing her sports knickers, she checked that Dan was still ensconsed in the remote control, and did exactly that. 

The cool breeze from outside folded between her legs as it rushed into the room and the male banter stopped momentarily as they came around into the lounge room.

"Well hello," Peter said as he saw her cute arse poking out over the benchtop. She looked around and smiled at him and his two other mates. All three of them were dressed in identical rugby jumpers and shorts to Nick. 

"Hey Pete," Dan said from the lounge, "You know how to use this fucking thing?" All that was on the screen was the message 'No input detected'

"Yeah man just press HDMI and then everything should come on." 

Suddenly there was an eruption of noise as the pre-game entertainment exploded onto the screen. 

"Kat," Pete said, "These are my mates from uni, Joel and Sam."

They both gave her more than a cursory glance and Kat returned the favour with a more than flirty flick of the hair.

"So have you just come from netball or are you heading out to a fancy dress," Joel asked.

"Ha ha," she said. "I've just come home to be a moderating presence on all your base male behaviour."

"We are nothing but gentlemen," Sam said. 

Nick opened up a bag of sausages and tossed a few of the thick phalluses around on the tray.

"You love tossing your sausage around," she said softly.

Nick silently shook his head and smiling said, "See any you like love,"

"Nah," she whispered, "Bit thin," A wave of lust coursed through her body as she remembered how the two of them had simultaneously slid their cocks into her pussy. 

"Let's get some drinks into us," Dan said from the lounge.

"I'll get some for you all," Kat said.

"Are you going to get changed or just wear that all night?" Dan said to her in a way that emphasised his South African accent. Even after 10 years in Australia his heritage sometimes betrayed him. It was when she heard traces of his accent that she immediately would put up a wall. Although his family all had stronger accents, his only came out when he was being domineering or snide. 

"Hey netball is my sport and rugby is yours," she said, "Why don't you go put on that ugly Springboks jersey?"

The other guys laughed at her comment and Peter, grabbing Dan in a mock tackle said "It probably doesn't fit old chubster anymore."

"Fuck you," Dan said as he continued to wrestle with Peter, "You lot will be sorry when the game is over."

A pop of a champagne cork drew their attention back to Nick who had teased the cork out of a bottle of Chandon.

"This is for the lady," he said nodding to Kat, "Lads it's either bundy and coke or beer. What shall it be?"

A chorus of different orders had Nick heading for the esky and Kat steering towards the glasses cabinet above the stove.

"Here let me help with that," Peter said and he got in right behind her. As he reached up into the cabinet his crotch rubbed up against her hip. She immediately turned to see if Dan could see but he was still sitting on the lounge with Sam.

"Why thank you very much," she said and looked down at the mound in his footy shorts.

"That," she nodded at his crotch, "would be much appreciated."

"Now, now settle down," he said as he handed her the glass.

"When does the game start?" Kat asked.

"Fifteen minutes," Sam said "Should end around 8.30."

"Are we going to get pizza for dinner?" Kat was keen on the idea of pizza.

"Yeah," Dan said from the lounge, "Maybe we should have a little wager hey boys."

"Like what?"

"If the Springboks win, you pay for the pizza, if you convict bastards win, I'll pay."

They all looked at each other and nodded. "Sounds fair to me," Peter said.

Nick had the sausages on the grill and the kitchen became a hive of green and gold activity as they patched together a pre-game feast.

Kat grabbed a small stool and sat at the end of the galley kitchen watching the fine figures of the four men going about their business. It soon became apparent that it wasn't really necessary for the four of them to be in the room and maybe the only real reason was to perve on her. She caught Nick looking not in her eyes, but down at her knickers which were unashamedly revealing themselves. A lady with some sense of decorum would immediately close her legs, or at the very least pull down the hem of her dress, but not Kat. She slid her knees further apart. 

Nick nudged Sam and pointed his head towards Kat who downed another glass of champagne. Kat raised her eyebrows and smiled at the two lads. Sam sub-consciously adjusted his wedding tackle and shook his head in awe. 

The effects of the champagne had kicked in in more ways than one. Not only was she feeling a little bit tipsy and even more horny than before, she also needed to pee. The downstairs toilet was just behind the kitchen and with an unsteady slide off the stool she made her way to relief. Nick was bending into the oven as she walked past and Peter was next to him chopping up some cheese. As she walked past she first glanced to see if Dan was watching before giving each of the lads a grope on the arse. Peter flinched in surprise but Nick, who had seen her coming out of the corner of his eye, backed up and she unexpectantly grabbed a handful of his nuts. Rather than back off, she gave them a gentle squeeze. Peter laughed out loud at the brazen display of infidelity playing out in front of him.

She sauntered past Sam and Joel and gave them a wry smile before heading into the toilet. Her sports knickers were damp with desire and the clammy material clung to her thighs as she pulled them down. Usually she'd pull them back up again but this time she dragged them all the way down and off. As the blessed relief of urination passed her lips, she shook slightly and felt her nipples involuntarily harden.

She looked down at her damp pair of black sports knickers and the white briefs inside them and made a decision. What had happened in the past really had no bearing on what was happening in the here and now. Although since the threesome she'd never had sex like she'd had that night, she wasn't about to whore herself out to Peter and Nick. The unintentional grope was just that, unintentional. What was wrong with a bit of flirting anyway? 

She grabbed her knickers and slid them back on but this time it was only the translucent sports knickers she put on. Her cotton panties were so damp that they went straight into the clothes basket. With a deep breath she walked back out into the hallway only to meet Dan who was already unzipping his jeans.

"Wanna give me a hand?" he said as he dug into his pants.

"What," she laughed, "to find it?"

"Ha, fucking ha," he said.

Peter and Nick were still in the kitchen fart arseing about and Sam and Joel were munching down on a sausage sandwich on the lounge. With one ear on the toilet she moved up close to Nick.

"Let's hope Australia wins," she said "and Dan has to go buy the pizza."

"Now why would you say that?" he said nudging her with his elbow.

"I'm just being patriotic," she nudged him back, "Just because I'm engaged to him doesn't mean I have to betray my loyalties to the home team."

"And the home team is called the whats?" Sam asked.

Kat just laughed and grabbed a sausage off a tray. She looked at Nick and with a slow lick up the side of the hot greasy snag she bit off the end.

"Do I really need to know," she said.

"Best not let you near this," Peter said patting his groin. 

"You won't be able to resist," Kat said before she walked towards the esky, and making sure the distinctive sound of the pipes rattling as the cistern filled didn't manifest itself, she bent over to retrieve a beer. The translucent material only barely covered the perfect tight globes of her arse poking deliciously out from under the skirt. The moans of the two men synchronised with the dull roar of a flushing toilet. She immediately straightened up and sat cross legged on a stool at the end of the kitchen. 

"Righto you lot of losers," Dan said clapping his hand dry, "Free dinner for me tonight."

"Whatever," Peter said, "You know there's nothing like a free lunch Dan, you always have to pay somehow."

"It's dinner time Pete, dinner time." Dan patted the lounge next to him and called out to Kat, "Come sit here darling and let the minnions bring us food and alcohol while I educate you on the greatest game of all."

Kat walked past Sam and Joel who had opened a laptop on the dining table. 

"Why do you have a laptop?" she asked.

"Joel lost his iPhone and we are trying to track it on me.com." Sam said, "As soon as it's turned on we should have a fair idea on where it is."

"Bullshit," she said. "Why don't you just cancel your account or whatever you do.?"

"No fun in that," Joel hit F5, "If we find out where it is we go around there and get it back."

"He seems to thinks it's that accurate," Dan said from the lounge, "But it's not."

"Prove it," Joel said. "Is yours registered?"

"Yes mate," Dan said and not being one for losing an argument he called out his login information.

"So," he said, "Does it give this house or just the general area,"

"Actually," Joel said, "It gives not only the house but what side of the house." He spun the laptop around and showed Dan.

"Must be a few towers around to be able to triangulate to that position," Is all Dan could say.

Forgetting that all she had on was her thin black sports knickers, Kat crawled across the lounge to Dan and when she sat down, Joel and Sam quickly looked away from her, glanced at each other and smiled.

'Damn,' she thought. 'Forgot about that.'

The game began and as Dan began reciting the somewhat complicated laws of rugby the other four surrounded her. Despite her best intentions she couldn't help but recall the way the two on her right had fucked her, the way they didn't care if their dicks touched, the way they spoke to her, the taste of their cum. Peter had brought over the champagne and kept her glass charged. As he leant over she could feel his breath warm the side of her face. She wanted to climb on top of him and fuck him hard, just like she'd done before. Nick watched them every time Peter refilled her glass. She knew what they were thinking about and it wasn't the rugby.

After about twenty minutes into the game the Springboks scored a try and Dan nearly leapt through the ceiling.

"Fuck yeah," he called out, "Come on you bastards!."

Kat rolled up against Peter who took advantage of Dan's exuberance and rubbed her on the arse. Immediately she slapped his hand away and gave him a half arsed dirty look. He just winked and gave Nick a smile.

Dan stood on the leather ottoman and pointed at the five of them on the lounge.

"You Aussies are going down tonight," he said.

"Well yeah," Nick said to Kat, "That could happen."

Kat's mind went straight back to how the both licked her pussy out and when she was sucking both their cocks at once. She looked over at Joel and Sam who were also leering and laughing.

God she wanted to fuck Nick and Peter so bad that her judgement, already clouded by champagne, was beginning to get a little wayward. A torrent of conflicting thoughts swirled around her brain.

'Surely another threesome was OK. Wasn't it? Engaged isn't married. Two cocks in her pussy again. One licking my clit as another fucked me. No stop that is wrong, I'm all his now.'

The sound of champagne trickling into her glass brought her back to reality.

Half time came around without another point being scored and they all rose almost as one from the lounge. Kat stumbled forward on the lounge and she waited for Nick or Peter to grab her but alas neither did.

She woozily made her way back to the stool and trying to maintain some kind of composure she sat back down. Even though she was now well toasted, she at least had the sense to cross her legs. Peter offered her another drink but she refused.

"I have to keep myself nice," she said.

"Too right you do," Dan said as he walked past heading for the toilet. "Once you're part of my family darling, things will change."

She looked at him aghast. 'What the hell was he talking about?' She thought, 'I'm not his fucking property.'

"Maybe you do want this after all," Peter said holding up a bottle of vodka.

She looked back at Sam and Joel who were once more refreshing the browser looking for the missing iPhone.

Peter moved closer and as he did so she opened her legs revealing her wet pussy through the thin black polyester.

"Damn you," she said quietly. 

She reached out and grabbed at his crotch rubbing at his cock through the shorts.

He turned to Nick who immediately pulled his cock out of his shorts. This brazen exposure of his genitals almost made her faint from desire. He stood there stroking his cock until he heard the toilet flush. They both instantly moved away from Kat and went back to their business in the kitchen. Kat joined the conspiracy by hiding her vodka and re-crossing her legs.

In his annoying South African accent Dan said "Good girl," and patted her on the head as he passed.

'Condescending cunt,' Kat thought.

"And away we go!" Dan called out as South Africa kicked off.

Kat hopped off the stool and went into the kitchen and stood next to Nick who immediately slid his hand down onto her firm arse.

"Away we go indeed," Nick said as he slid his finger along her arse crack and down to her moist hole.

Leaning forward onto the counter top Kat cried out "Bring it on boys, bring it on."
