 "Babe. Is that you??" she called from upstairs.

"Yeah, it's me!" he replied as he closed the door behind him.

"Oh, good, come upstairs. I have your birthday surprise." she called out.

Kicking off his shoes, he walked up the spiral staircase and found her standing at the top of the stairs in a corset, suspender belt with stocking and super high heels.

"Mmm, I like my surprise already." he said, feeling his dick harden as the sight of her. 

"You wait till you see the rest of it." she said teasingly, reaching out to unbutton his pants. "There's more waiting for you in the bedroom." She pushed his pants to the floor and pulled him forward so that he stepped out of them. Then grabbing his ever increasingly hardening cock, she led him towards the closed bedroom door.

"What's in there?" he asked.

"This." she replied as the door swung open. In the bedroom stood another woman, dressed in a baby doll nightie and g-string and holding a black 8 inch dildo.

"Oh god!" he moaned as he realised that his girlfriend has invited over their playmate to have some fun for his birthday. "Happy birthday honey." she whispered, leaning up to kiss him hard on the mouth, while at the same time, their playmate walked over and slid a cock ring over his dick. 

As the playmate stood up, she fondled his girlfriend's breasts and kissed her softly. "Now, fuck me!" his girlfriend ordered, breaking away from the playmate. "And make me cum". 

She lay down on the bed and spread her legs, while he knelt between her legs and slid his hard cock inside her tight wet pussy. As he began to thrust, their playmate knelt behind him and began to lick his ass. "Oh fuck." he moaned, feeling the pleasure of being rimmed while fucking his girlfriend.

"And that's not all babe." his girlfriend said as their playmate inserted a lubed finger into his tight ass hole. "Keep fucking me bitch, make me cum and you will get your reward!" she said in an aggressive tone.

"What's my reward?" he asked, finding it hard to concentrate due to the sensations he was feeling in his groin. 

"You'll find out soon enough." she said, her cheeks beginning to flush as her orgasm grew. "Oh, oh, my god!!!....Oh, harder, fuck me harder. I'm so close." she cried as he felt her pussy muscles begin to twitch in anticipation of her growing orgasm. He pounded her harder, acutely aware that their playmate had worked up to a vibrating butt plug in his ass.

"Ohhhhh." she moaned as she came, squirting all over his throbbing cock.

"That was great. Now my bitch will get his birthday reward." sliding out from under him and moving to kneel next to their playmate. Reaching over, she grabbed a black spreader bar and locked his legs together in their open position. "There, now we have total control!" she said to the playmate.

"Yessss." the playmate replied. "Now his cock is going to feel my lips." The playmate slid underneath him in a 69 position so that her mouth was positioned under his rock-hard cock and she licked up some of the pre-cum that had dripped from the tip.

"You lean down and make sure she cums now, while I work on you." his girlfriend said, playing with his ass.

"Yes, make me cum." said the playmate. He bent his head and began to lick softly between her legs. As he did, the playmate lifted her head and wrapped her lips around his cock.

"That's it, lick her wet cunt." She moved away from his ass for a few minutes and stood and watched him lick out their playmate.

She moved back to the bed, now wearing a leather strap-on harness and a thick purple dildo. "Let's see how you like this." she said as she slid the strap on slowly into his slightly loosened ass.

"Ohhhh." he moaned into the playmate's pussy, making her shudder from the vibrations of his voice. His girlfriend slowly built up a rhythm, thrusting her purple cock in and out of his ass while their playmate was licking and sucking his cock. He could feel his orgasm growing.

"Babe, please can I cum? I'm sooo close." he begged, knowing that she would have cum to before he could.

"Not until she cum's" replied his girlfriend. "I think she's close."

Their playmate was moaning loudly and beginning to buck up and down as the wave of her orgasm washed over her. He licked and nibbled her clit as she moaned and then shuddered.

"Now, can I cum?" he begged again, once he knew that the playmate had cum. "Yes, but you better cum hard!" said his girlfriend as she began to fuck his ass faster and deeper.

The playmate reached over and grabbed a glass that was on the bedside table.

"Your going to cum into this glass and then you're going to drink it!" said the playmate, grabbing his balls and tugging them gently. 

"Oh god, I'm cumming, I'm cumming." he moaned feeling his girlfriend pound his ass and their playmate fondle his cock and balls.

He squirted hot, salty cum straight into the waiting glass. The playmate picked it up and passed it to his girlfriend, who pulled her purple cock out of his still-twitching ass. She released him from his restraints and rolled him over. "Now drink!!!" lifting the glass above his mouth and pouring his own juices into his mouth. "And swallow!" said the playmate. "That's a good little bitch."

He swallowed and looked up at the girls. "Happy birthday to me."