 My stories do not necessarily reflect my personal proclivities, desires, wants or fantasies. Read and enjoy.

*

My husband, Joe, and I have been married for 15 years. Neither one of us are able to produce babies. I don't know if that medical fact or our high sexual arousal cause our desire for sex as often as possible. Joe feels that my looks alone can get men hard. He feels that men want to fuck me really turns him on. I think of his desire at times, but have never acted on cheating.

We have had several married and single friends, ranging from three to the entire fifteen years of our marriage. We are all close and get together often for BBQ's and swim parties.

Most of our male friends visit often due to Joe has a 'man cave', where they get together on Sundays to watch sports. It didn't matter what was playing, football, baseball, hockey, basketball, gymnastics, golf, etc. The 'man cave' has a 72 inch flat screen TV and theater surround sound that could knock out the windows when turned up full blast. Joe set up his cave with a pool table, a pin ball machine, refrigerator with ice maker, refrigerated keg cabinet, and full wet bar. He has a variety of lighting, from varied colors, strobe light or just low level mood lighting.

I liked sports as much as Joe and his friends. It wasn't unusual for me to join them in the 'man cave'. When we didn't have visitors, Joe and I often fucked in his cave, either on one of the three vinyl overstuffed sofas or on the pool table. Actually we fucked everywhere in the house and many times in the open on the rear deck. We both seemed to enjoy the possibility of getting caught fucking in the open, so the car in a parking lot was included in our marital couplings.

It was a hot Sunday afternoon when four of our male friends came to watch a game. We had the bar, refrigerator stocked as well as a full keg of beer. I made sure there were dips, clips, wings, cheese and other various finger goodies. We were ready.

Our friends arrived. All four of the guys were super hot, I saw them as delicious as they made my pussy tingle and moisten. Henry was one of then and he was wearing baggy shorts and a tank top. I noted that he probably wasn't wearing any underwear as his cock would just swing as he walked. I was getting hot already just thinking I should just go up to him and run my hand up his shorts and grab his cock. Oh, well, my mind was wandering. I greeted all four with a big hug and it was probably a wish, but after seeing Henry's cock swaying, I thought I felt everyone's cock against my mound as I hugged them. They were all married, but their wives were not as interested in sports as I was.

They went into the cave and I went to our bedroom to change my panties as they were now wet from seeing all the testosterone entering the house. I lowered my jeans and felt my panties, they were very wet. I shed them and ran a wet wash cloth over my pussy. I then felt that I may have to make trips to dry my pussy, so I just put on a pair of open leg short-shorts without panties.

Just before the game started, the lights were low and most of the men had their beers and drinks. I put out the 'munches' for them. I made sure to tease them as I would bend over to put out the goodies...and show my goodies as I bent over. I saw Henry sitting on the overstuffed recliner. I giggled and said, that's my chair. Before Henry began to rise, I jumped up on his lap and said, "It's too late, now you have to put up with me." Henry just relaxed, he didn't seem to object to my ass in his lap.

I kept wiggling my ass against his cock, teasing him causing his cock to stiffen. About 5 minutes into the game, his cock was hard as a rock and with my squirming, it caused the leg of his shorts to shift and expose his cock right against my ass. I quietly reached a hand down to my shorts and pulled the leg open where I could get his cock directly into my wet pussy. Henry let out a quiet groan and I lowered my lips to his ear and softly said, "I want you to fill my pussy with your cum".

Henry undulated in the chair trying not to get anyone to notice. I also ground my hips against him so I could feel his cock moving in my vaginal canal. Every time there was a score, I would jump a few times up and down so his cock would fuck me. With each goal, I had the chance to rise and fall on Henry's hard cock, just like the others jumping up and down. We rocked together in our secret fuck. Several times I noted Joe looking at me, but he gave no indication that I was fucking his friend or anything was wrong.

About thirty minutes, I felt Henry's cock swell and begin pulsing as his cum was shot deep into my womb. After he softened, I slowly pulled up and quietly left to evacuate the cum he deposited. Without being able to thrust his cock repeatedly into me, he did fill me with a real full load of cum.

Plop after plop came from my pussy as I sat on the toilet. I sat for a few minutes to enjoy the afterglow of the quick, sensual secret fuck.

I opened the door to find Henry standing there waiting to use the bathroom. His face was flushed as he said, "I'm sorry, I don't want to ruin our friendship, especially with Joe." I said, "I wanted you to fuck me. Joe doesn't need to know anything, I just wanted to be fucked. Your wife doesn't need to know either." Henry gave me a kiss on my cheek and went into the bathroom. I almost turned and went back into the bathroom for a good hard fuck, but decided the fuck in front of everyone was my excitement for the day. I knew I would fuck the day lights out of Joe tonight.

Back in Joe's man cave, I watched as each of the guys were expressing their excitement over the game. As I watched them, I fantasized over being fucked by every one of them, feeling their hard cocks in my pussy, a pussy still oozing cum from Henry.

Joe must have been reading my mind as he kept looking at me with a big grin as his eyes looked me up and down. He was picturing me fucking our friends.

As each of our guests were leaving, I made sure to give each one a long hug and kiss as they exited. I gave Henry a hug and as I was giving him a kiss, I secretly rubbed his cock under the open leg of his shorts. I noted that his face was red as he turned and went out the door with an erection.

That night, Joe was hot and it didn't take long for him to cum deep in my womb. We laid quietly as I reached down and began to fondle his cock. He was beginning to respond as his cock started to harden. Joe then said, "You were so sexy teasing and pouncing your ass on Henry's lap. I pictured you having his cock deep in your pussy, fucking you hard. It would have been better to have all the guys watching you screaming for him to fuck you deeper and harder, to see then pull their cocks out and jack off on your face and tits".

With that, his cock was rock hard and I mounted him. His cock slid easily into my pussy as I began to bounce up and down on his cock. His cum and my vaginal juices were displaced and running down on his balls. I then began an earth shattering orgasm as I began yelling, "YES, I WOULD HAVE ALL OF THEM FUCK ME, YES, WITH YOU WATCHING". Then Joe yelled, "YES, OH, GOD, I'M CUMMING. Seeing you with all their cocks filling you with cum." He then pulled my hips tight to him and I felt his cock swell and pulse as his cum was being pumped deep into me. We fucked a third time in extreme erotic passion, both thinking of a gang bang in our man cave.

Sunday morning, I made sure the frig in the man cave was stocked with eats and beer. Joe checked the keg and made sure all the stuffed chairs and couches were ready for viewing the 'big game'. Joe never mentioned our fantasy of all the guys fucking me, but I was constantly thinking on that subject. I wore my open leg shorts again as we were ready to greet our guests. This time, there were five guys that came for the game. Henry was again wearing his loose open leg shorts and I saw that his cock was free under the material. I noticed that Bill and Al were also wearing loose open leg shorts, and it also looked like their cocks were freely swinging under the material.

When Henry went to the frig to get a beer, I went to him and whispered, "You told, didn't you? You told Bill and Al that you fucked me sitting on your lap." Henry' s face turned red and he said, "I couldn't keep it a secret. I had to say how good your pussy felt as you sat in my lap. Please, don't be mad, I'm sorry but it was so erotic secretly fucking with the other guys there."

I said, "Henry, I'm not mad, just disappointed that you said anything. I see that they wore open leg shorts today too, are they expecting anything to happen?" Henry then said, "I don't know. I just told them how you were able to pull my cock from my shorts and shove it into your pussy".

The game began and as I was flitting around making sure the guys had fresh beer, I noticed that Bill and Al were constantly watching me. I saw Bills shorts sporting a hard erection and he looked big. Everyone was happy and cheering on the game as I then plopped down on Bill's lap . I saw Joe looking with a grin that seemed to telegraph a message that I should fuck Bill.

I felt Bills cock digging into my ass crack so I scooted back and quickly pulled his cock to the open leg of my shorts. His cock was huge and I wasn't able to get his cock into my pussy right away. We rocked a bit as his pre-cum coated my labia and then I felt him enter me. Joe and Al were watching me squirm on Bill's lap. Al knew I was fucking Bill, but I don't know if Joe was sure a cock was in my pussy. Bills cock was filling my membrane as he drove deep hitting my cervix. My mouth was open and I stared at Joe as he was watching me. Joe smiled and mouthed, "I love you, fuck him". That did it, I began to bounce on that big cock, and it didn't take long for his cock to spew his man seed deep into my womb. I was having a silent orgasm as I looked lovingly at Joe who was smiling.

Bill went limp and was slipping out. I jumped up and the planted my ass in Al's lap and pulled the leg of my shorts aside oozing cum onto his shorts as I felt his cock slide against my labia and then enter my pussy. His cock pushed against my cervix with every jump I made with the excitement of the game. Joe was smiling the whole time as he kept watching me having orgasm after orgasm. Al's cock began to swell and pulse as he began spewing his cum deep into me. I looked at Joe and he saw my eyes widen at that point and he knew Al was filling me full of his juices.

When Al began to soften, I pulled off and went to the bathroom before I left a trail of cum across the carpet. As I sat on the toilet, Joe came in and spread my legs as he watched me expel cum from two men. "That was so hot, baby," Joe said, "get up and lay on the counter, I want to add my cum". I bent over the bathroom counter as Joe slid his hard cock deep into me and fucked me with exaggerated force. I have had Joe turned on before, but this was exceptional as his cock pounded into me. It was hard to have a quiet orgasm as his cock pushed deep as he said, "It was hot to imagine their cocks pumping into your pussy, my wife taking other men's cocks".

I was about to return to the toilet to dump Joe's cum as he left, but then Henry opened the door and had me lean over the counter and he added his cum to the other three. I was groaning with pleasure as he pumped his cum deep into me. Henry said, "I was turned on to see you fuck Bill and Al. God, was I hard and wanted to fuck you again. I saw Joe come into the bathroom and I thought there was goind to be a fight form your 'adultery', but I didn't hear any harsh argument, so I figured he was all alright with you getting fucked".

As Henry began to pull his cock from my pussy, I said, "He was really turned on. He has talked about me being gang banged by all of you. I've never see him so absorbed with my fucks today. I'm not sure of a gang bang, but it does turn me on to think of a room full of men fucking me over and over."

Henry was turned on again and with his hard cock, he sat on the toilet and had me straddle him as he guided his cock into my pussy again. I rocked to and fro on his lap as his cock pushed hard up into me. He reached down and stroked my clit and I shook with a hard orgasm as he was flowing again, spewing his cum into me.

We rejoined the others in the 'man cave' and I had cum visible on my inner thighs, but I didn't care if anyone saw. I think the other two knew I had been fucked. I would have let them too, but the game came to an end and they all got up and were leaving. Again, I gave them hugs and kisses as they went out the door. As Mark and Tim were leaving, I whispered to each of them, "Next Sunday, be ready". I felt their cocks hardening as we hugged. I made sure to pull them hard against me.

Joe was like a mad man as he fucked me. He kept talking about watching me bouncing on Bill and Al's cocks secretly in front of everyone. I then told him, "When you left the bathroom, Henry came in and fucked me twice. I ended with five loads of cum in my pussy". Joe then said, "Mark and Tom got left out". I said, "No, I let them know to be ready next Sunday". As I expected, Joe fucked me hard two more times before we collapsed and fell asleep.

Joe was euphoric as he fucked me every night. He was possessed as he kept talking about me being fucked by our friends. I had constant orgasms every night of the week as his cock pounded hard into me. I was turned on by his sexual images, I too was in the throes of desire, the desire to be openly fucked by all of our male friends. For all of them to take me, to watch me and hearing my pleading to be fucked over and over, I was constantly rubbing my pussy and clit during the day.