 Helmut Armand Vaughan, he preferred Army, stepped out his front door, expecting to do his daily run. Discovering that Dallas had suffered another of its infamous ice storms overnight, he retreated to his bedroom to get dressed for work. He would need the extra time for the drive in, with the ice and all, he knew the roads would be hell.

Just as he made the turn out of his circular drive, his cell phone played the familiar tune announcing that his assistant, Helen, was calling. "Hold on a second Helen, let me pull over." He brought the Lexus to the curb, and returned to the cell. 

"Army, I have spoken with all your appointments for today, and they all cancelled. Mr. Hilton, and the rest of the execs have all called in too. This place is a ghost town, no reason for you to try to come in."

********

Robert Gomez, was working on his third tower, since being called in with all the emergency crews. The ice storm had knocked out lots of power lines.

He was 40 feet in the air on a large 'cherry picker' just finishing up. His partner had already jumped in the cab and started the engine. 

Just as Robert reached for the picker controls, the hydraulic stabilizers raised, causing Robert to raise the picker instead of lowering it. He was pinned between the picker and the tower. The movement cause the heavy machinery to begin sliding on the black ice covered road. 

Fortunately Robert was unconscious when his upper torso was torn asunder. The steep grade of the hill they were on insured that the cherry picker would accelerate quickly, whipping his mangled body to and fro, spraying his blood on the ice all the way to the bottom of the hill.

********

"Thank you Helen, I was just leaving home. Try to reschedule everyone, starting Monday. I can skip lunch and do a couple appointments then too. 

Then I guess you can start your weekend early. Drive caref....." 

Helen had been Army's assistant since he started up the corporate ladder. She would never call him by his first name if anyone else was around. She both admired and respected him. The noise she heard just as the connection was lost, frightened her to no end. She quickly dialed 911.

*********

Army was an investment banker. A very good investment banker. He majored in international business and finance. He made his clients very rich. His personal portfolio was enviable.

He met Melinda, (Mel), early in his senior year. She was a freshman. After landing his first job, he proposed to her. Now at, 38 and she 34, they had a wonderful life together. 

They had plenty of money and a beautiful home. The only thing missing, were children. Mel wanted a child desperately. Army also. Not for the lack of trying, it just hadn't happened yet.

**********

Army could hear voices. Sounds that seemed far away. He could hear Mel. The sound of her voice, brought back the memory of their first time together. They had been dating for three months. It was his birthday, and Mel had made him dinner in his tiny apartment. 

After dinner, she had enticed him into the bathroom, where she removed his clothes. Then her own, as the shower warmed up. It was the first time he had seen her in all her glory. 

She had natural auburn hair, almost emerald green eyes, and the cutest button nose, that turned up a bit when she smiled. Now he saw the perky 34 B cup breasts, the small patch of auburn curls at the Y of her legs, and as she bent to test the water, the contour of her back accentuated her perfect little bubble butt.

Before she turned back around, he was already hard. She led him into the shower, using his 6 inch dick as a leash. He was only 5'8'' but he seem to tower over her mere 5'3'' frame.

The shower was warm, wet, romantic. As they dried each other with fluffy towels, she kissed his chest, slowly working down to his navel. She momentarily took his dick in her mouth, causing Army to worry about blowing too soon.

Soon they were in bed. She opened herself to him, allowing his every desire. His thrust were slow and loving. Until they built to a mutual crescendo. He groaned as he sprayed her tunnel, she moaned out her own release. It was their first of many such nights.

*********

Army forced his eyes open. Mel was asleep in a chair by the window. He felt like his entire body was beaten and tortured. Though he could move his eyes, any other movement brought terrible pain. It appeared as if his whole left side was in a cast as well as his right leg. He could just make out the purple toes of his right foot. Right arm seems ok, he thought as he wiggled his fingers.

What the hell happened to him. He didn't remember anything. He glanced at Mel one last time, before drifting off again. If she was there, everything would be alright. 

Another dream, this time it was their wedding. It seemed as though everyone they knew was there. Mel looked angelic in her white gown and veil. Her father was so proud as he walked her down the aisle. Army couldn't have been happier.

**********

"Honey, please wake up," It was Mel again. He could tell she was crying. He hated to see her cry. Why was she crying? He had to help her. Again he forced his eyes open.

It was day time. Mel was holding his right hand and clutching it to her chest. Tears had streaked her beautiful face, and dripped onto his fingers. 

"Oh! Thank God! Doctor look, he's awake." It was then that Army noticed the other person in the room. The doctor pulled a small penlight from his jacket pocket and shown it in Army's eyes. 

"Very good. His pupils are responsive. Army, squeeze my hand if you understand me." Army gathered his strength and squeezed. "Excellent. Do you remember anything about the accident?" Army managed a little shake of his head. " Well it will come to you. For now just rest. Mrs. Vaughan, may I have a word with you?" 

They left the room, and Army tried to recall what happened. He remembered the ice, oh, and talking to Helen. The rest was a blur. He drifted off again. 

**********

" ... and Mr. Hilton says for you not to worry about anything. Everyone has been so nice. You wouldn't believe how many beautiful flower arrangements have arrived." This time it was Helen. What was she droning on about? Looking up at her, he tried to glean what she was saying. It appeared to him, that she was talking to her lap, not him. She happened to glance his way, "Oh sweet Jesus! You're awake. Oh Army. It's been so long, I thought I would never get to speak to you again."

"Long?" it felt like he swallowed razor blades. "How long?

"Eight days. You are in Parkland Memorial Hospital. It's been eight days since the accident. You were pretty banged up. It took them nine hours just to put your left leg back together. But, I shouldn't be telling you this. That's for the doctor.

"Raise me." Helen grabbed the bed control box, and of course pushed the wrong button. Recovering quickly, she raised the head of the bed to a semi sitting position. "Water?" As she poured him a cup from the pitcher of ice water, Mel and the doctor entered. 

"Darling, the doc says you can go home in a few days. Isn't that wonderful. I have already ordered a hospital bed, it will be delivered tomorrow. I have one of the two downstairs guest rooms being redone for you. The other will be for Brad. Oh, and your attorney called. He has already filed a suit against Dallas Power and Light. He said they will probably settle."

"Brad?"

"Yes. Do you remember that old man who owned all those movie theaters. What was his name? McClelland? McCutchin? Mac something. Anyway you remember he had a stroke last year. Well, a couple of days ago he had a heart attack and died. Well, I called his daughter to give my condolences, and I told her about your accident. She said they had this wonderful guy that worked for them, taking care of her father. He was going to be out of work, and she asked if we needed him. I hired him to help with your recovery.

"He has tremendous credentials. Physical rehabilitation, therapeutic massage, on and on. He will be here when they release you, and stay with you until you don't need him anymore. The old man was crazy about him. We were lucky to get him."

Doc Armstrong interrupted. "Army, I'm afraid without Brad's help, you will be here quite a bit longer. Your body has suffered a great deal of trauma. The next few months are crucial to your recovery. We repaired extensive damage to you left leg. Even after it heals you will probably always have a limp. Your right leg was broken in two places, but should heal quite nicely. We did a full shoulder replacement on your left arm, and it was broken as well. 

There was some spinal injury as well. We will just have to hope it heals, though we will be watching it closely."

*********

Nearly two weeks after the accident, Army was released. Mel entered his room with a young man. He was 6 feet 3inches of solid muscle. He must live in a gym, Army thought. 

"Hello sir, I'm Brad." He said, offering his hand to Army. From Army's position in the wheel chair, Brad seemed even bigger. He had Nordic looks, blond hair, pastel blue eyes, pale skin. Fair, but rugged. Brad wheeled Army out of the hospital, as Mel went to get the car. 

She pulled up in a new Cadillac Escalade. "What's this? Where is your Mercedes?" Army asked.

"This was a gift from your attorney. He said that D.P.L. is settling. After his fees, you will receive 20 million. He said he made enough off your case, he thought he should send you something nice. This will make it easier to get you around to doctors offices and such."

Mel jumped in the passenger seat, Brad picked up Army, as if he weighed nothing, and placed him in the back seat. Then he put the wheel chair in the rear of the Escalade, before getting in the drivers seat.

"Oh honey, it will be so nice to have you back home." Mel said, as Brad made the turn off Preston onto Colhurst. "Now, I don't want you to worry about a thing, just concentrate on your recovery." When she got out of the car, she said "If you need anything else done to your room, let me know. Brad will be right next door to you if you need assistance during the night."

Brad got the wheelchair out, and easily placed Army in it. Army noticed that a ramp had been added to the front of the house. The house itself was spacious, so there was no need of changes to it. The marble floors were easy for the chair to glide over. Brad wheeled Army straight to his new room. 

There was a state of the art entertainment center, and a new hospital bed. To one side, some contraption that had pulleys and chains, on the other a high table that would hold meals, or laptop, or book, when slid into place above the bed. Army suddenly felt about as useless as tits on a boar hog.

"Look in here honey." The bathroom had been refitted with a handicap shower/bathtub with a walk through, easy access. Built in bench seat, hand held shower heads and electronic controls. 

"I will get us some lunch started. You and Brad should get to know each other." Mel stated on her way out.

"First off, sir, I would like to say how happy I am to be working with you. I think I can be of great benefit to you. After looking at your hospital charts, and talking to Dr. Armstrong, with a lot of hard work, I expect an almost complete recovery."

Army looked up at Brad with a very worried expression. "Armstrong said I will always have a limp. He also seemed concerned about my spine." He paused, then rather shakily asked "What do you think. You saw the charts. Will I ever walk again?"

"As I said, it will take a lot of hard work. My main concern is your back. Your legs will heal, even though you may have a limp. If your back injury is too great, you may not walk again. And backs are funny things. Sometimes they heal, sometimes they don't. That's where I come in. I'm here to be sure we do all we can, to get you out of that chair."

Army believed the man. He could tell that Brad was being sincere, that he really did want Army to walk again. "Ok. Then you're the boss. I will work hard, because I definitely want out of this chair. Where do we start?"

"Do y'all have a pool? Swimming is very good, Now that you have the removable cast, we can start there. Also we will work on massage, and minor rehab on your muscles, so they don't atrophy." 

Army guided as Brad pushed his chair around the house. He pointed out certain features that he thought the young man would find interesting. When they exited to the back of the house, Brad said "Wow. Very nice pool."

The entire back of the house was enclosed. There was a pool house, a large natural limestone waterfall, two large grottos. One enclosed an in ground hot tub that seem to extend into the heated pool. The other was another section of the pool, but it had a swim up bar and fireplace, large mats for lounging. At night there was special lighting and stereo, all around the pool and grottos. 

"Yeah, it's great for entertaining, or just for two it can be very romantic. Wait til you see what I can do with the lights and music. I designed it myself."

"It's the most awesome pool I have ever seen." Brad just stood with his mouth agape.

"Well, maybe later we can go for a swim... At least you and Mel can. What I need is a shower. Those nurses aren't very good at the whole sponge bath thing." Just then Mel called them in to lunch. 

"We will do that right after lunch." Brad said.

Army enjoyed his first non hospital food in two weeks. Afterward Brad wheeled Army into the bathroom. He removed the casts on Army's arm and legs being careful not to hurt him. "Don't move too much, let me do the work. I brought some special robes that should fit around the casts and allow as much modesty as possible."

Brad reached to unbutton Army's hospital clothing, then slipped his arm under Arm's shoulder. Lifting him with one arm, and using his other hand removed the gown from Amy's shoulder. Repeating this with the other side, Brad had Army naked in no time. "Well this is rather embarrassing." stated Army.

"No worries, it is my job, after all. I see naked men and women all the time. After your bath, I will give you a massage." Brad sat Army on the bench in the tub and started the water warming. Army looked down at his shriveled manhood and suddenly realized he hadn't had an erection since the accident.

"In cases like mine, is this normal?" he asked nodding to his limpness.

"It could be your medication or a result of your injuries. Either way, once you heal, it should resolve itself. If the spinal injury is severe enough though it may not. The massages will help increase blood flow to the injured areas. That will speed up recovery. As you know, blood flow to that area is most important." Army just nodded.

Brad began sponging starting with Army's right arm and back, then worked lower. When he reached the penis he, very clinically, sponged the entire area, with no reaction from the badly behaving member. Army was embarrassed beyond belief.

After the bath, Brad produced a robe that looked like one of those Snuggies advertised on TV, except this one had enlarged arm and leg holes with snaps to close them around the limbs like an infant's jumper. "Where would you like to do the massage, here or your bedroom?"

"Actually, I have a home gym in the pool house. Maybe we should set up there."

"Excellent."

Ten minutes later, Brad had Army naked and on a massage table in the gym. Face down with his head in a hole in the table, Army relaxed under Brad's expert hands. "For now, we will be concentrating or getting blood flow to your spine. Then we can work on your extremities." 

Thirty minutes later, Brad carefully flipped Army over, and began working on his chest. He didn't bother to cover Army's groin with a towel, which again brought a little embarrassment to Army. But soon he relaxed, figuring he would have to get used to Brad seeing him like this. 

Brad seemed to spend extra time on the area just above the penis and at the juncture of his legs. Then to Army's surprise, Brad grabbed the 3 inch worm, and first pulled then stroked it. Repeating this several times, without results.

Army was, again, struck with a feeling of uselessness. Not just in general, but as a man. A tear formed in his eye, then traveled down his cheek.

Brad rested his hand on Army's chest. "Hey, ... this is gonna take time. We have only just begun to fight. I know this is hard on you, but I am here to help. We will get past this." 

Army gave a nervous chuckle, then, a la Beavis and Butthead, said "heh heh...you said hard on... heh heh." Brad laughed and gave him a light slap on his chest. 

That evening, after dinner Brad sat Army on the sofa,"I'm going to finish unpacking, if you need anything just holler." 

Mel sat to his right and lay her head on his shoulder. They sat in silence for a moment before Army said "I am so sorry about this, babe. I've turned your life upside down. Now you're stuck with an invalid."

"I don't want to hear any of that 'invalid' shit. This is just a temporary set back. Besides, you turned my life upside down the day I met you." She leaned in and gave him a kiss, then placed her hand oh his thigh. As she started to slide her hand up, Army stopped her.

"Babe, don't. It's not gonna work."

"I know, dear. I just want you to know that I'm here for you when it does."

The next morning, Army was awoken by Brad. "Rise and shine sleepy head." 

"But it's the butt crack of dawn." 

"Yes it is and we have a long day ahead of us. I took it easy on your pansy ass yesterday, today is a new story. After breakfast, we are gonna hit the hot tub, then a massage. If you are still breathing after that I will find something else for you to do." Army couldn't help but laugh, he really liked Brad.

"Oh no! Not the dreaded hot tub." Army joked "Anything but that. Why oh why must you be so cruel." He noticed that Brad was wearing just loose fitting shorts, as he hefted him into his chair. 

Army loved the hot tub, it always felt so good to be nude in water. Brad removed Army's 'snuggy' and stepped down into the tub. He picked Army up and stepped down to the next step before setting Army onto one of the seats in the tub. Looking at Brad he noticed chill bumps on his arms. It was barely February and still cold outside. "Why don't you get in too?"

"I plan to. We are gonna work on your muscles." Brad went over to the controls and turned on the bubble jets. And swiftly pulled off his shorts.

Army was shocked. Between Brad's legs was a really large cock. Even in the cold air it had to be 6 inches long and 2 inches thick. "Good lord, boy! Did you swallow a python?" 

"It certainly has taken a few ladies breath away, so I guess you could say that." Brad said getting into the hot water. "I never had to suffer small dick jokes in school that's for sure."

Brad grasped Army's right foot and said " For now I want you to let me do the work, just relax your leg. I'm going to bend your knee and press your leg toward your body. Let me know when it begins to hurt. Brad pressed forward until Army stopped him. "Does it hurt your knee or your thigh?"

"Thigh."

"Good, now let me know when I'm touching where it hurts" Brad ran his hand under Army's knee down towards his ass, until Army told him to stop. Brad placed army's foot against his own chest, and began to massage the indicated area. Slowly bending forward adding pressure to the leg, and massaging the stressed muscle.

When he had repeated this several times, he told Army " Now point your toes, and bend your knee as far as you can while I work on the other leg. Again, let me know when it hurts." They continue this for thirty minutes.

"Now I'm going to sit. I want you to lean back against me. I will support you by holding your sides. I want you to raise and lower your arms, like a bird flapping its wings. Using only the water for resistance." Army got into position in front of Brad and leaned back. He felt Brad grasp high on his ribcage. "Now raise your arms just until it hurts, then lower them."
