 Dear Readers: 

I've been a writer (aspiring to be published) for quite some time. I believe in setting the stage for most of my stories, as I believe it gives insight into the characters and events leading up to the "action", and I hope you'll agree that this makes for a much sexier and more sophisticated experience as you read. The following is, for the most part, a true story. I have changed the names of myself and the people involved, but the bulk of the detail is what actually happened. Thanks for reading...



My road to true bisexuality began in earnest several years ago in my late twenties. Now, fast approaching forty, I reflect back that had I known about the fun I could have been having, I would have tried it a lot sooner. I wasn't by any means homophobic -- I had several gay friends of both sexes -- but had never really considered the "perks" of sexual activity with both genders. 

That being said, this story begins when I was around 25. I had recently broken up with a girlfriend I had been dating for about a year. Even dating her there had been hints of certain tendencies which would make themselves known later, but that's another story for another time. The breakup was pretty difficult, but fairly mutual. We had definitely gotten into exploring a little bit of kink, and now, with no sexual outlet, I was pretty damn frustrated. I threw myself into my work, and when I wasn't doing that, I was going to the gym to work on keeping myself in shape. I was determined that if I was going to be on the market, I had to keep myself attractive. I made a pretty good job of it, if I do say so myself. 

It was on one of these workout days that I met Bobby, one of the other regular patrons of the health club. I had seen him around fairly often enough. He was about my size, maybe 200 lbs, nice build, friendly face -- not a "musclehead". We struck up a conversation while the two of us were resting between sets. It was brutally hot outside, and the humidity hung in the air like a tangible force. Even in the air-conditioned confines of the gym, the sweat poured more than usual. I had only been living in the town for about a year and a half, and he had just moved there with his girlfriend about six months ago. I found out he worked in commercial construction and had gotten transferred there, at least temporarily, while the local air force base underwent a major refit. As we continued our workouts we talked any number of things; it turns out we were both runners, and we agreed to meet for an evening jog once we were both off work and the sun had slightly lessened its torturous hold on the landscape. 

The next evening, I met him at his apartment, which turned out to be not to far from my house. It was still hot, but the humidity had thankfully dropped slightly. We stretched on the sidewalk in front of his apartment before beginning. Agreeing to keep the pace moderate, we stepped out, making for the nearby waterfront -- I always loved running down by the harbor, enjoying watching the work of the tugboats and freighters moving in and out of the fishing boats, sailboats and cruisers. It was always good for taking my mind off the physical demands of the run. Today, however, I had something else to distract me, and we were able to keep a decent conversation throughout our less-than-killer running pace. More than once as we were running, a gorgeous female in spandex running attire would temporarily dry up the conversation as she passed by us going the opposite direction. 

" I can't get my girlfriend to go running with me," Bobby said. "She says it's too hot this time of the year, so she uses the treadmills indoors at the gym."

"I tell myself that sometimes, too," I replied. "I wonder if I've seen her at the health club."

"You may have. Short, petite, dark hair, huge... ...um, tracts of land," he chuckled half to himself.

"Monty Python! I love it!" We both had a laugh at the reference. It takes a certain mentality to appreciate some of the more abstract British humor. I think at that point we became fast friends. Our run took us another mile or so, before we turned back into the apartment complex where he lived with his girlfriend. 

"You want to come in for some water?" he asked as we stretched again outside his front door. "Sherry's home now," he said, pointing to her car in the lot. "You can meet her and see if you know her from the gym."

"Sure, some water would be great."

I quickly grabbed a hand towel off the front seat of my unlocked car and followed him through the front door of his apartment. I was dabbing the sweat off my face and neck as Bobby called out to Sherry that they had a visitor. From out of the kitchen came a stunning girl, clad only in spandex shorts and a sweaty sports bra. As it turns out, she had just finished up her yoga workout in their living room and was cooling down. She was everything he had said, and then some. I had to make sure my jaw wasn't hanging open too obviously. She was about five feet, five inches tall, maybe a buck-oh-five, with the proverbial huge tracts of land filling out her sports bra above a flat stomach. To cap it all off, she had some of the sexiest legs I have seen in a while. Nice, thick thighs, muscular but feminine, topped off by semi-wide hips and a firm bubble butt. I had never seen her at the gym before, or I definitely would have remembered her, I thought to myself. I immediately moved forward to introduce myself. 

"I'm Joe. Bobby and I met at the gym yesterday." She flashed a smile that immediately disarmed me. 

"Bobby told me about you - it's nice to meet you. Sounds like you two really kinda hit it off. We haven't met a lot of people around here really. It'll be nice to have someone new to hang out with. So do you have a girlfriend?" she asked. I was momentarily stunned by the torrent of speech pouring out of her. 

"No, actually we just broke up about three weeks ago."

"Oh, I'm sorry," she said, realizing her faux pas.

"It's okay, it was kind of a mutual thing." I said, reassuring her.

We all sat down in the living room, sipping ice water and talking about work and the town, when about an hour later I decided I had better get home to fix something for dinner and make it an early evening. I worked as a supervisor at a local machine shop, so I was typically in bed by 9:00pm or so. As I was leaving, Bobby glanced at Sherry, and then asked if I had any plans for Friday night, the day after tomorrow. "None that I know of..."

"Well why don't we go over to the Orange Street Pub? Have a few drinks and grab a bite to eat. They have pretty decent food, and Guinness on tap."

"My friend, you have said the magic word. Guinness is one of my favorites."

"I was taking a guess -- turns out I was right," Bobby said with a grin.

"Friday it is, then." And with that I said good night and drove the short couple miles to my house. I had a smile on my face as I thought about the prospect of having some new friends to relax with.

The rest of the work week was fairly uneventful, and I was looking forward to a little R&R on the weekend. I got off work Friday morning and had a nap for a couple hours before I went to the gym. Neither Sherry nor Bobby was there, so I put on my headphones and schlepped my way through my workout, my mind only half into it. I got home and showered, deciding to scrape the stubble off my chin for the second time in 24 hours. I guess when you shave at 1:00 in the morning, your beard is on a different schedule than everyone else's. Finally it was time to head over to Bobby and Sherry's apartment. We were going to walk the short distance to the Orange Street Pub, a block off the waterfront. 

We sat in a corner of the pub, a hangout spot for locals and people visiting on boats. In two corners of the taproom, televisions were playing not sports, but the Weather Channel's endlessly repeating forecast for the benefit of all the sailors and watermen. It was a dog-friendly establishment, and there were several regulars with their well-behaved canines at their sides, sharing beers and stories after a long day. I was having a good time, taking it all in. Bobby, Sherry and I were very at ease with each other, just content to sit joking and sharing our stories with each other. It was the type of evening I really enjoyed. The free-flowing Guinness loosened everyone's tongues, and before long, we were all giggling at each other's amusing anecdotes. Bobby and Sherry sat nestled up to each other on one side of the tiny table, and I sat on the other side, my back up against the wall. As typically can happen, the conversation turned somewhat bawdy, and took on a more playful attitude. I could tell the couple were not opposed to talking about their sex life with others. At one point, Sherry very pointedly asked me my opinion of sex in the outdoors, and whether my ex and I had ever done anything like that. "Oh sure," I told her, warming up to the conversation. "We used to go over to the island sometimes and fool around when we were alone. We even got caught once," I laughed. "A poor older couple walked up on us without realizing we were there. She was in the middle of going down on me, and I thought the woman was gonna have a heart attack!" Sherry and Bobby busted out laughing at this. Was it my imagination, or was Sherry eyeing me more and more as the night when on? Naaah...it must be the beer, I thought. Finally, Sherry nuzzled up to Bobby's ear, running her tongue around the rim of his earlobe, and whispering something to him. 

"Guess I gotta break the seal and head to the ladies' room," she said as she stood up. "The rent is up on this beer." 

Bobby and I chatted about nothing in particular when Sherry came back from the bathroom and, instead of sitting down next to Bobby, she slid into the bench seat next to me. I was slightly in shock for a second, looking at Bobby to see what was going on. He just had a shit-eating grin on his face, and continued the conversation as if nothing had happened. The thoughts running through my head threatened to tie my tongue in knots as Sherry very nonchalantly rested a hand on my thigh. I hoped she couldn't see the bulge in my jeans that immediately developed. I very rarely wear underwear unless necessary, and there was nothing to harness the raging hard-on that was trying to break out of my fly. It was at this point that the conversation took an even more interesting twist.

"I think we can all agree that we would definitely have some fun with each other," Sherry hinted. "Bobby and I like to keep things interesting. The other night after you left to go home, we talked for quite a while about maybe taking things a step further with you tonight. And then we fucked like rabbits..." She leaned into me seductively and I felt the tip of her tongue gently caress the rim of my ear, as I had seen her do with Bobby. She spent the next while leaning up against me, her huge breast laid up against my arm, and her hand absently stroking up and down my leg as the three of us talked. We talked about more sexual escapades, forgetting the world around us. I admitted to them I had never been in a threesome with a male-female couple, but that I considered them to be very cool, and I was definitely up for it. At my last turn of phrase, Sherry got bold and ran her hand teasingly up to my crotch, cupping the bulge there. "Oh, you're definitely 'up'," she chuckled as her hand continued to play with my stiffening cock. 

Not to blow my own horn (although I wish I could LOL), but when fully hard, I'm a good eight inches, so I was having one hell of a time trying to deal with the difficulty I was experiencing at this moment. All I could do was grin like an idiot as she leaned in and gave me a sexy little kiss on the lips. It was at that very moment that the waitress came back to our table and noticed three things: first, that the girl was sitting next to the other guy, not who she had come in with; second, that she was kissing said other guy; and third, said other guy had the girl's hand in his lap and was sporting a raging hard-on. She coughed discreetly and asked if there was anything else she could get us, giving me a mischievous, if knowing, grin. We told her we just needed the check, as we'd all had plenty of beer, and it seemed as if greater things were in store for the evening. 

At this point, Bobby spoke up, "Now that we're all on the same page, why don't we go find someplace fun to play outside in the dark?" My mind was screaming HELL YESSSS!

Even though we had been drinking for a couple hours, none of us were more than nicely buzzed. The air had finally cooled a little more and the slight breeze felt great. We all walked down past the main touristy area of the waterfront, to where there were small clusters of quiet houses on quiet streets. At the edge of the water there were periodic groves of forest, undeveloped and untouched. We decided to head toward one of these stands of trees, the lapping of the water on the shore drawing us nearer. Once we made our way through the dense growth of trees, we were virtually invisible to the road and houses. It was the perfect spot to enjoy a little sexual fun undisturbed. My mind was racing at the good luck of finding such a cool couple, and also reflecting on how sexy Sherry was. We had walked all the way here from the pub together, Sherry between us, with a hand in each of our back pockets. It was gonna be a great night!

As we stood on the shore, Sherry turned to face the two of us guys. She first kissed me, then turned and kissed Bobby. With a devilish grin on her face, she put her hands on my shoulders, and ran them down my body as she dropped to a squat in front of me. In the half-light of the moon, I could see and feel her fumbling with my belt and the button of my jeans. Ever so sloooowly she pulled the zipper down until my rock-hard cock sprung free in front of her face. Without a single hesitation her hot, wet mouth found the swollen tip of my cock, her tongue playing circles around the head. As she sucked me deeper into her mouth, I saw her hands begin to undo Bobby's pants. Momentarily she was moving her mouth back and forth between our two cocks, obviously enjoying herself immensely. This was amazing...I'd never really spent much time around another guy's cock, but I was incredibly turned on watching her sucking his rigid tool. 

Sherry pulled his cock, guiding him, and he moved slightly closer to me. Before I knew it, she put both of our cocks together and sucked them into her mouth. This was something new entirely to me, but the feeling of his slick cock sliding up against mine in her mouth was so erotic. The second surprise hit me when, as I had my eyes momentarily closed, he reached down and cupped my balls in his hand. Holy shit! I thought I was gonna cum right then and there. As I was trying to take in all these new variables, especially the newly-discovered man-on-man contact, my senses were further assaulted. Within seconds, Bobby had dropped to his knees and joined the beautiful Sherry in servicing me. She sucked my cock while he tongued my aching balls. Then the two of them switched activities and I found my shaft disappearing about halfway into his mouth. It was almost too much to take. She smiled up at me and said coquettishly, "Enjoying yourself?" 

"Mmmm...yeah," was all I could manage. "I've never done this before."

"Done what?" she asked. As if she didn't know.

"Been sucked by another guy...it's fucking incredible!" She just chuckled and sucked both my balls into her mouth playfully. "Are you trying to make me cum?" I asked. "Because you're getting me dangerously close."

"That's the idea. I figure if you cum quickly now then you'll last longer for the rest of tonight's fun," Sherry said with a grin. I felt the cum boiling in my balls as they tightened up. I warned them I was getting ready to cum, and Sherry said huskily, "Blow that load in my mouth, baby. I wanna taste that hot cum. Let me suck it all down." She nearly swallowed me to the hilt, never once gagging. At the same time, Bobby had both his hands working magic on my balls. With a low moan, I shot one of the biggest loads I've ever had straight down her throat. She didn't waste a single drop, and groaned appreciatively when I had finished. I was practically seeing stars, and stood somewhat dumbly enjoying the afterglow as I watched her kiss Bobby deeply, the taste of my hot cum no doubt still fresh in her mouth. Fuck! I was so turned on by these new developments -- had I been bi all along and just never acknowledged, or even realized it? 

Sherry stood up, smiled seductively at me, and brought my head down to hers for a long, sensual, deep kiss. "What do you say you and I make him cum, baby?" she said, angling her head in Bobby's direction. Without another word, she coaxed me down next to her, so we were kneeling side by side in front of Bobby. She then pulled her shirt up over her head, exposing her incredible breasts in their lacy black bra. In awe of her amazing physique, I ran one hand up from the small of her back and undid the clasp of her bra, allowing it to fall off her. While she was slowly stroking his turgid prick I pulled her face toward me, kissing her deeply again. We then got to work on bringing him to orgasm. I had never done this -- never by a long shot, but now I was admittedly incredibly turned on by the thought of playing with, and even sucking another man's cock, just to see if I could make him cum like he had done with me. In no time I was past all the inhibitions, the what-if's, the "Does this make me gay?" bullshit that might have normally kept me from engaging in something like this. It had now become an urgency, a desire to explore. I had two very attractive, open-minded people here with me, and boy, were we gonna explore...

Sherry guided my friend's cock to my mouth, and I tentatively licked the tip, just to try it. In the moonlight I could see it was slick with precum, and the taste was not bad. I had, of course, tasted my own precum and ejaculate dozens of times before, so it wasn't entirely foreign to me. The feeling of the heat coming off his cock was mesmerizing. I opened my mouth, drawing him into me as much as I could without making myself gag, and just held it there for a moment. Sherry let out a low moan, and I could tell the sight of her boyfriend's cock lodged in my mouth was turning her on. I moved my mouth back and forth on his shaft, a number of times, really getting into the feel and taste of him. I was getting hard again myself. I took his tool out of my mouth for a second and stroked his sloppy, wet shaft while I looked over to see what Sherry was doing. Her skirt was hitched up her thighs, and she had one hand playing back and forth over her tantalizing nipples, while the other was buried in her dripping pussy. The look on her sexy face was one of absolute lust while she frigged herself crazy. Holy shit I was turned on, as I offered Bobby's cock to her mouth. I wanted to watch her sucking him while I played with Bobby's balls. She sucked him in deeply, nearly deepthroating him while I cupped his balls, squeezing gently and massaging that cum ever closer to his orgasm. 

I squatted lower and snaked my tongue under his tightening sac, my lips meeting Sherry's as she continued to suck him. I felt one of her hands reach again for my crotch, so I decided to reciprocate, burying two fingers in her dripping wet cunt. I love to finger a woman to orgasm, and the sounds emanating from her and Bobby's throats was such a turn-on. In just seconds, she was shuddering with her first orgasm of the evening. At that exact moment, I felt Bobby's balls tighten even further and his cock spasmed, firing off stream after stream of hot, sticky jism over Sherry's chin and the tops of her breasts. I watched in fascination as she leaned forward to lick and suck the remainder of the liquid from the head of his cock, obviously enjoying herself. When she finished, she stood up, straightened her skirt and grabbed my hand to pull me up beside her. "Let's go back to our place," she whispered to Bobby and me. "I need a good fuck."
