 "Hey, are you sure they won't mind me coming over like this?" Todd asked Jennifer as they made out in the living room.

"No, they won't mind, they said I could have company over any time I wanted too." Jennifer said as she rubbed her hand over Todd's bulging jeans. She did love to tease him and get him hard, then lick and suck his cock. She had been living with Ted and Patti for a little over a month. So far it had been great, she was loving it. She loved being able to be so open, and have sex with Patti and Ted. She had even went to the adult store and bought herself some sex toys. She really enjoyed her times with Patti, she loved cock but she also loved pussy. Jennifer had finally gotten the courage to tell Todd she was Bi.

She had been so afraid it would turn him off, but it hadn't.

"Yeah, that feels good." Todd said as she unzipped his jeans. "So you really like eating pussy?" 

"Yes, it is so hot and sexy." Jennifer said as she reached in and pulled his hard cock out. Stroking him she leaned down and teased the head of his cock with her tongue. 

"You know they have a big screen tv downstairs in the playroom." Jennifer said, "We could go down there and play." 

"Yeah?" Todd said wondering what they had down there. "I do love the way you play with my dick." Todd told her as she took the head of his cock in her mouth.

Todd gasp as she takes his cock a bit deeper. "Yeah babe." he said as he

watched her sucking him.

"Mmmmm." Jennifer moaned around the dick in her mouth. She did love sex and sucking cock. She pulled away from Todd and she stood and grabbed him by his hand.

"Come on, lets go down stairs." she said tugging on his hand. "They have home movies..."

"Okay, okay lead the way." he said following her to the basement. "hey, this is cool." Todd said looking around the room. "I bet they have a lot of fun down here."

"All three of us do." Jennifer said leading him toward one of the Queen Sized beds. Grabbing the remote to the dvd player Jennifer hit play and a home movie started. 

There on the TV screen was Ted and Patti and another couple. The other man was lying on the bed with a woman sitting on his face. He held her by her hips and he was eating her pussy. "Oh yeah, Jack eat my pussy baby." the woman moaned. Patti and Ted were down between the man's spread legs. Ted was licking the man's cock and Patti was working over the man's balls. 

"Damn! That's hot." Todd said as he watched the action. Jennifer got him undressed and he laid down on the bed. On the screen Patti moved up and started licking Jack's cock also. 

"Jack, your cock is as hard as a rock buddy." Ted said as he sat up and reached for Jack's balls, stroking them as he watched Patti sucking Jack's cock like a pro. Slurping and taking it as deep as she could.

"I didn't know Ted liked cock?" Todd asked as he got comfortable and Jennifer quickly got undressed. 

She bent over Todd's mid-section. Grasping his cock she stroked him, loving the feel of his hard cock in her hand. 

"Suck my dick." Todd told her thrusting his hips towards her. "Do it."

Jennifer flicked her tongue across the head of his cock. Taking his cock into her mouth she sucked him, taking his cock deeper and deeper. Looking up at him she let his dick slip out of her wet mouth, she licked his cock all over as she reached for his balls. 

"Suck that cock." he tells her pushing her mouth back down on his dick. She was one of the best cock suckers he knew. He laid there as she worked his cock over, watching the action on the screen. Ted and Patti were still sucking that guy's dick as he ate the other woman. Todd could really get into something like that. He had never admitted to anyone that he liked sucking cock too.

Jennifer sucked like she had never had a dick before. Jennifer licked and sucked him slowly. Wrapping her lips around the head of his cock she deep throated him, gagging on his big dick. Up and down she went on that hard cock. Taking him as deeply as she could she finally had to come up for air.

"Fuck! Where did you learn to suck like that?" he asked her as he looked down at her.

"Patti taught me." Jennifer said as she stroked his balls and went back to flicking the head of his cock with the tip of her tongue. "I just LOVE sucking cock and swallowing cum." she told him as she nibbled her way down to his balls.

"You are so good." he said watching her licking his balls. "I could get used to this." he thought as he went back to watching the sexy action on the TV.

The woman sitting on the man's face was moaning and shaking, begging him to make her cum. "Eat that pussy!" she exclaimed as she watched Ted and Patti sucking her husband's dick. She did love to watch. She was grinding her snatch onto his mouth, wanting his tongue deep inside of her pussy. Jack held on to her tightly as he sucked on her clit. He could tell by her moans and the way she was moving she was getting ready to cum. "Mmmm, damn, you're going to make me cum baby!" she moaned. He swallowed her tasty juices and held her as she climaxed.

"Damn that looks so hot Jennifer." Todd remarked as he felt Jennifer sucking his balls into her mouth one at a time. He loved the way she was making him feel but he also couldn't stop watching the TV.

"Kate, you got me soaked." Jack commented as she moved away from him. "But I do love the taste of your pussy." Ted and Patti were still licking and sucking Jack's rock hard cock. Back and forth they licked and sucked his cock. Ted moved away and just watched as Patti licked the head of Jack's cock.

"Do it little girl, take his cock as deeply as you can." Ted instructed her.

"Yes Daddy." she said loving the way he called her "Little Girl". Patti held Jack's dick in her hand as she slowly licked the pre-cum leaking out of the tip.

"Mmmm." she said as she took the head of his cock into her mouth.

"Swallow his cock." Ted told her as she took his cock inch by inch until she had almost taken it all. Ted did love to watch her deep throat his friends. It turned him on so much to know she enjoyed it. Jack reached down and grabbed her by her hair and he fucked her mouth. Kate was lying next to Jack and watching her best friend give her husband a blow job, she rubbed her still wet pussy. 

"Fuck!" Todd moaned as Jennifer moved back to his cock. Taking him back into her mouth she fucked his cock with her mouth.

Jennifer couldn't help her self she reached down and rubbed her naked pussy. She was getting wet already, she needed to get fucked. Todd reached down and held her head as he pushed his cock deeper into her wet mouth. 

Jennifer was moaning around his cock in her mouth, she could taste pre-cum, feel it on her tongue. In and out he fucked her mouth faster and deeper.

Pulling away from Todd she moved up and straddled his mid section. "Fuck me." she told him. She reached between them and took his cock in her hand, feeling it throb she rubbed it across her wet pussy lips. Jennifer slowly sank down on his cock, taking it inch by inch she was loving it. "I love a nice hard dick in my pussy." she told him as he grabbed her by her hips and held her tightly.

Jennifer rode Todd's cock, feeling him grabbing her tits, pulling her down so he could lick and bite her hard nipples. He slowly fucked up into her pussy. He wanted to make it last as long as he could. He still watched the TV as he fucked up into her. "Isn't that hot? The way Patti and Ted were sucking that guy's cock." Jennifer asked thinking she would like Ted and Patti to join them.

Patti walked into the kitchen from the garage with her arms full of groceries.

Setting the bags down on the counter she took off her jacket and hung it up. She 

put the groceries away and went and checked the pork roast in the crock pot. It was smelling really good. Ted did love Pork roast in the crockpot, it was one of his favorites. Going into the living room she could hear the TV in the playroom, she went down a few steps and could see Jennifer and her boyfriend Todd fucking. Damn, they looked like they were having a good time. She could hear them moaning as Jennifer took his cock. Patti did love to watch. From what she could see Todd had a pretty big cock. She sure would like to feel that inside of her pussy. Ted didn't mind her having fun as long as it was just for fun and she gave him all of the details.

"Yeah baby, fuck my pussy." Jennifer moaned as she rode his cock. "Pinch my nipples, make it hurt." she begged him, wanting to feel a little pain.

"You've got a tight pussy Jen," Todd told her as he glanced over at the TV screen again and now saw Patti getting fucked by Ted, he was behind her and Jack was in front of her fucking her mouth. For an older couple Ted and Patti sure did like to fuck.

Patti stood on the steps and she watched as they fucked. They didn't know she was there. She unbuttoned her blouse and took it off. Reaching behind her she un-hooked her bra. Taking it off she quietly went down the steps and undressed. Sitting on the sofa across from the bed she propped her feet on the coffee table and she spread her legs. It did make her hot to watch Jennifer ride that cock. She could just imagine how hard that cock was. She saw the DVD they were watching, they had picked a good one. Pinching her nipples she felt them getting hard, twisting them she let out a moan. She watched them as they fucked, her right hand went to her wet pussy and she started to finger herself. Pushing two fingers into her wet slit she fucked her pussy. Her breathing got heavier as she watched Todd's dick fucking up into Jennifer. "Oh yeah." she moaned wanting to get fucked by that big cock. Her nipples were hard and she pinched and twisted them, loving the slight pain. 

Todd looked over and saw her sitting on the sofa fingering herself.

"Um...Jennifer, ummm...Patti is on the sofa behind us." he said watching her.

"I know, I heard her moaning." Jennifer said as she continued to fuck him. "Maybe she'd like to join us?"

"I could use a hard cock and some pussy." Patti told them as she removed her fingers from her pussy. Bringing her fingers to her mouth she sucked her juices noisily, slowly licking each finger. "Mmmm, pussy juice." she moaned.

Rubbing herself, she parted her pussy lips feeling the wetness. "You have a nice cock Todd." she told him.

Patti watched as they fucked, she got up and walked over to the bed and joined them. Sitting in the bed next to them she reached out and caressed Jennifer's tits. Taking Jennifer's right nipple into her mouth she sucked on it as she flicked her tongue across it. Jennifer grabbed Patti by her head and held her down on her tit.

"Suck it, yeah." she moaned as she felt Patti bite down on it.

"I've got to stop for a few, or I'll cum." Todd declared, "I don't want to cum yet."

Jennifer moved away from him, feeling his cock slipping out of her pussy.

"I want to watch you." Todd said as he watched Patti suddenly kiss Jennifer.

Not saying a word Todd moved giving them some room. Jennifer returned the kiss, slipping her tongue into Patti's mouth. Patti sucked on her tongue like it were a cock. Holding onto each other they sank onto the bed, kissing and touching each other. Jennifer reached for Patti's tits, pinching her nipples.

Patti reached down and felt Jennifer's wet pussy, slipping her fingers inside.

"Ummmm." Jennifer moaned as Patti fingered her in and out. Taking her fingers out of Jennifer's pussy Patti slowly licked the juices off of her fingers.

"Mmmm you taste so good." Patti said rubbing Jennifer's clit. She did love to eat Jennifer's pussy. She watched as Todd stroked his big hard cock. He was trying to watch the action between Patti and Jennifer and the action on the screen.

"Your DVD is very hot." Todd said wanting to fuck someone. "So your husband likes cock?" Todd asked wondering if Ted would like to join them.

"Yeah, once in awhile he likes to suck cock and have a guy suck him." Patti said as Jennifer laid back on the bed and spread her legs. She would like to see Todd sucking Ted's cock.

"Somebody PLEASE eat my pussy." Jennifer pleaded as she rubbed her pussy.

"Be glad too." Patti said as she positioned herself on her hands and knees between Jennifer's spread legs.

Patti spread Jennofer's pussy open and slowly licked her from the bottom of her slit to the top flicking her tongue across her sensitive clit.

"Yeah, just like that." Jennifer said as Patti continued to lick her wet pussy.

Todd moved behind Patti and saw her pussy was wet also. He paused as he watched her licking Jennifer's pussy. Well, no harm in trying he thought as he reached out and gently rubbed Patti's pussy.

"Oooohhhh..." Patti moaned as she felt Todd rubbing her slit. She pushed her pussy back hoping he would finger her. "Play with my pussy." she said as she moved away from Jennifer's pussy, pushing her fingers back into Jennifer's tight hole.

"Damn! You're so tight for an um...uh... an older lady." Todd said thinking that she was old enough to be his mother. He stroked his cock, as he watched her continue to lick Jennifer.

In and out Patti fingered Jennifer, as she goes back to licking her pussy, loving how wet Jennifer was getting. "Mmmm." Patti moaned as she ate pussy.

Todd was fingering her at the same time. She really wanted to feel his big hard dick in her pussy. 

"I need some pussy bad." Todd commented as he pulled his fingers out of Patti's sopping pussy.

"Fuck her." Jennifer said as she watched him stroking his dick. "Do it Todd, fuck her hard."

"It's ok Todd, do it." Patti told him as she glanced back at him. She felt him rubbing the head of his cock across her pussy lips. "My husband won't get mad, honest." 

"Lick me and make me cum." Jennifer begged as Patti flicked her tongue across her clit. 

Todd held Patti by her hips and pushed his cock as deep into her as he could.

Damn, her pussy was tight and wet. She pushed back againsted him as she continued to eat Jennifer's pussy. Gently Patti softly blew air across Jennifer's slit. Jennifer raised her hips, wanting more and more. Lapping Jennifer's pussy she was loving the way Todd was fucking her. In and out he fucked her, taking his time he wanted it to last.

Todd was in heaven as he fucked the older woman while she ate his girlfriend's pussy. "Lick her pussy, make her cum." he said fucking her deep. They all were moaning and feeling so good. They all wanted to cum. Looking at the TV screen he saw Ted fucking Patti as she sucked the other man's cock. "Take that dick little girl." Ted told her as he fucked her from behind. "Suck his cock my little cum slut." he said as he pounded her hard. Patti was moaning around the cock in her mouth.

Meanwhile Jennifer grabbed Patti by her long hair and held her down on her pussy. Feeling Patti slide two then three fingers into her pussy, she was getting so close to climaxing. In and out she fingered that tight pussy. Jennifer thrust her hips pushing her pussy into Patti's face. "Awww yes." Jennifer groaned as Patti fingered her fast and hard.

Patti loved eating pussy and getting fucked at the same time. Todd did know how to fuck. She loved her pussy full of cock, but she loved Ted fucking her above anyone else. He was the best and he knew just how to make love to her.

"Fuck her Todd, give her your hard cock." Jennifer moaned as she reached down and rubbed her clit. "Do it baby, make her cum."

"She's got a tight pussy." Todd said as he gripped Patti tighter, pounding into her. He glanced over to the TV and saw Ted suddenly SMACK Patti's ass. She groaned as he smacked her again. She did love when he smacked her ass. She seemed to like it so Todd SMACKED her as he pulled almost all the way out of her. She grunted as she felt his hand smack her ass.

Jennifer was still rubbing her pussy while Patti fingered her as deep as she could. She was shaking and trembling, reaching up with one hand Jennifer pinched and tugged on her own nipples.

Walking in the front door Ted wondered who they had for company, he didn't recognize one of the cars in the driveway. Looking around he didn't see anyone when he heard Patti moaning from downstairs. She sure could get loud and she sounded like she was enjoying what ever she was doing. Shaking his head and smiling to himself he went downstairs. There on the bed Patti was on her hands and knees with a young man fucking her hard as she ate Jennifer's pussy. "Mmmm, looks like fun." he said as he walked over to the side of the bed. Not wasting any time he unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out. Stroking himself he watched as Patti fingered Jennifer's pussy. "Is that cock good baby girl?" he asked watching Patti taking that big cock. 

Todd just watched as Ted stroked his cock, he would like to suck Ted's cock.

It had been awhile since he had done that. 

Patti reached for her clit and rubbed herself fast and hard, she wanted to try and cum the same time Jennifer did. She could hear Jennifer moaning and groaning as she got close to her climax.

Ted kneeled on the bed near Jennifer's mouth. She turned and reached for his cock. She needed to suck a hard cock. She stroked his cock, trying to pull him closer to her mouth. "Suck me." he told her as she licked his cock. "Yeah, suck me." he said as he watched Patti getting fucked. Patti and Ted were just close enough to kiss passionatly. "Like that cock in your pussy honey?" Ted asked as Jennifer flicked her tongue across the head of his dick.

"Oh yes, he's good." Patti commented as she watched Jennifer take the head of Ted's cock into her mouth. "Harder, please harder." she begged Todd to fuck her.

Todd was moaning and grunting as he watched the action in front of him,his girlfriend's pussy getting eaten while Jennifer sucked another man's cock. He wouldn't mind sucking Ted's cock if he had the chance.

"Awww yeah." Ted moaned as he removed his shirt, pausing for a minute he pullled away from Jennifer's mouth. "Gotta get naked." he said quickly removing his

clothes. "That's better." he said as he felt Jennifer take his cock back into her mouth, sucking him fast and deep. 

"Suck his dick." Todd told Jennifer as he continued to fuck Patti. He could feel her pussy tighten around his cock. He pulled away from her, he didn't want to cum yet. "I'd love to suck some cock." he admitted as he watched Jennifer.

Patti rubbed her aching clit, she wanted to cum. Curling her fingers up inside of Jennifer's tight pussy she hit Jennifer's G-spot,fucking the young girl as hard as she could, she felt Jennifer's pussy tighten around her fingers.

All Jennifer could do was moan and grunt around Ted's cock in her mouth. Fuck she was so close to her climax. He held her head and fucked her hot mouth. Patti was hitting the right spot, not much longer and she would cum Jennifer thought. She realized she was turning into a slut and she loved it.

Jennifer suddenly pulled away from Ted and grabbed Patti by her head and forced Patti to suck her again. Locking her mouth on Jennifer's pussy she sucked her and flicked her tongue across Jennifer's clit. "Awww, yes,yes, make me cum!" she said as she climaxed, she was shaking and moaning pushing her slit into Patti's mouth.

"Yeah babe make her cum." Ted said as he watched Jennifer climax. He sure did love to see his wife eat pussy and get fucked. Patti moved away and watched as Ted stroked his hard cock. Jennifer moved to the other side of the bed and just watched. 

"Fuck my mouth." Patti said as she crawled over to where Ted stood. She reached for his cock, stroking him she took his rock hard cock into her mouth. She liked sucking other guy's off but she LOVED sucking Ted and making him cum. Loved to feel him holding her down on his cock as he fucked her mouth. Hearing him talking to her as he called her his little girl or his slut.
