 Chapter 1: Barb & Terry

I came home early that hot summer's day; finished my work and was anxious for a cold beer and a hot shower. As I pulled into the drive, I noticed Terry's car parked in front. I thought this was a little odd. Terry didn't drop by much anymore, since her job required her to sell on the road. 

Terry is a girl most men would simply love to screw. She's a tall, 30 year old blonde goddess, say 5'9" with an incredible figure 36DD-25-35. She has a sparkling personality, almost bubbly. However, she always seemed to have a major phobia to men. She's one of those goddesses that men are often too afraid to approach, for fear of rejection. Needless to say, she didn't date very often. A pitiful bi-product of her parent's nasty divorce, her controlling mother hates men and wants to instill the same ideas in her daughter. For this reason, Terry has never learned the fine art of romance, flirting, and so on. It's such a shame to see such a fantastic female specimen go to waste. If only I was 20 years younger -and not married, of course. Oh well, I can always fantasize -and I have on many occasions. Terry, her mother, Janet, and my wife have been close friends for as long as I can remember.

I parked my car and headed through the garage, and on into the kitchen for that cold one. I decided to change into shorts on such a hot day and started upstairs. As I reached the top of the stairs, I heard sounds not unfamiliar coming from our bedroom. I listened at the door to hear my wife in the thralls of an apparent orgasm. These were sounds I recognized, but never heard at that intensity.

Barbara and I have been married for over 27 years, and our sexual urges are not what they used to be. If we have sex once or twice a month, I'm amazed. When we do make out it's pretty one-sided, with her on the receiving end. Our lack of sex if not because of her maturing looks. She is still an attractive, exciting woman with a striking figure for a woman of 50. Ash blonde, 5 ft.5, and well endowed with the most beautiful set of 34D's I've ever seen. Over the years we've lost most of our desire for the crazy sex we used to have. At least I thought so, until today. 

Barb and Terry teamed up to go out bar hopping occasionally, under the guise of blowing off some steam. However, Barb had an alternate reason. She has always been able to flirt with men and thought, by seeing her in action; Terry would pick up on the tricks of the trade. They never discussed these little adventures with me and I never asked. I figure if something juicy happened Barb would let me know.

The audible moans grew louder and I couldn't help myself anymore. I had to see what I imagined was Barb masturbating. This, I've never seen. Quietly, I cracked open the door just enough to see part of the bed. All I can see with the door ajar is a side view of Terry's fine bare ass and long legs bent at the knees. My God, can this be real? My straight-laced wife, always so anti-gay, was getting head from her best friend's daughter? They're facing towards me, so I didn't feel very secluded in my hiding place. 

The sex sounds were just loud enough for me to make a quick, silent dash to the open bedroom closet. Gently closing the slatted closet door behind me, I can now view through the slats what only my mind imagined in fantasies. These two buxom blonde beauties going at each other like some of the best lesbian porn I'd ever seen. Barb was totally nude, on her back with her head against the headboard. Her hands grasped Terry's head, which was buried deep in her mound. She raised her hips to push Terry's tongue even deeper into her. Terry teased Barb by licking, kissing and biting at her sopping wet cunt lips. I could hear the wetness of her pussy pounding Terry's face. She made cuming screams I haven't heard in years.

Terry is everything I imagined all these years. Her naked body was quite a sight to behold. The hot day's perspiration, coupled with their love sweat, added a special gleam to Terry's tanned skin. She tossed back her waist length platinum blonde hair to one side, to get a better look at Barb's hot pussy. Her one arm wrapped around and cradled Barb's ass, while her other hand slipped between her own thighs. She's sucked Barb's cunt while she fingered herself. There I was with Terry's ass no more than 5 feet from me; she's reaming her pussy over and over, as she brought Barb to yet another climax.

By now I've taken my 8 inch dick out and it was all I could do to keep from losing it all a couple of times. Terry cleaned up, should I say licked up, my wife's juices. Barb shuddered as she eased into a state of total comfort. Her eyes opened wide and her hands reached out to cup Terry's massive tits. She took one huge tit in her mouth, licked the nipple and smiled with satisfaction. Their eyes were fixed on each other as Terry collapsed next to Barb on the bed. They gazed at each other in silence, while Terry still fingered herself.

The shock of seeing my wife go at it with another busty beauty was just starting to sink in. All of the sudden I heard the toilet flush. My eyes flashed to the opening master bathroom door to see a robed figure emerge. It's Jim, an old boyfriend of Terry's. What the hell is this? I thought she stopped seeing this guy months ago! 

"Now where was I?" said Jim smugly. 

"Right here, Baby. Just bring it right over here", said Terry in her sexiest voice. 

As he neared the bed, he looked down at Barb, "You girls seem all worn out, did you start again without me?" 

Terry was up on her knees after that comment. She took her fingers out of her pussy and wiped them in Jim's open mouth. "You had your fun with Barb, now it's my turn!" she stated.

Chapter 2: Barb, Terry & Jim

Whoa, did I miss something here? My excitement at seeing this porno play unfold had suddenly turned into a mild rage. The thought of Barb doing another woman was one thing, but the idea that she just had sex with this stud was unthinkable. It was too late for me to use my imagination at that point. It was all happening in front of me. 

Terry quickly flipped herself over onto her back, with her head upside down at the edge of the bed. She reached up and behind her head to grab the back of Jim's knees. She started running her hands up underneath his robe. 

Now Jim is no slouch; stands about 6 ft., and is in great shape for his 35 years. He is what my wife would describe as a real stud: muscular upper body, flat abs, dark hair and piercing eyes. He also carries quite a tool chest -I'd say 9 or 10 inches, and about as thick as Terry's wrist. Terry tugged at his robe enough until it opened and fell over one shoulder. There it is, a good 10 inches and hard as a rock. She let out a moan and gently caressed his balls with both hands. As she stared straight up at his dick, her legs moved side to side to massage her wet pussy.

By this time, Barb reached down between her own thighs -again, something I've never seen her do. She had two or three fingers massaging her own clit. Her breast heaved slightly. She couldn't take her eyes off of Jim and Terry. Terry licked Jim's balls and on up the base of his shaft. She grabbed his tool and began to lick and suck his knob. Barb was plenty wet by now and licked the pussy juice off her fingers. 

"I can't just sit here and watch you guys!" she begged. 

Terry took Jim's cock out of her mouth long enough to say, "Jump on in, the water's fine."

With that, Barb spread Terry's long legs and dove into her snatch. She started licking, smacking and fingering Terry with 3 fingers. She circled her clit over and over with her tongue. Terry moaned between slurps as Jim bent over and grabbed Terry's boobs. I was stiff as can be, taking this all in. I stroked my cock even faster and started to moan a little myself. Jim's dick throbbed as it went deeper into Terry's throat. Barb worked away at Terry's cunt and reached up to Terry's tits to join Jim in massaging them and pinched her nipples. Terry started to cum and reached down to pull Barb's head even closer to her hot cunt. With her other hand she grabbed the base of Jim's cock tight. She opened her mouth to scream. Jim exploded his hot cum all over Terry's open mouth and down her neck. Still cuming and writhing against Barb's clit sucking, Terry continued pumping Jim even harder. 

"God, I'm cuming again", Jim yelled and sprayed Terry's entire face with another blast of cum. 

Terry was spent and licked the tip of his dick, when Barb inched up her torso. She licked and slurped up the extra cum off of Terry's tits, neck and face until their tongues met. She and Terry kissed each other deeply and I couldn't hold it any longer. I came all over my hands and pants, and must have moaned too loud. Everyone's head turns to the closet door.

Now I've done it! They know someone's on the other side of this door. They all go scrambling for clothes. It comes to me in an instant -the best defense is a strong offense. I stuffed my cock quickly back in my pants and threw open the closet door. 

I heard a resounding, "Oh shit, its Donny!" from the two girls. 

I just stood with my eyes fixed on Barb who finally just threw her bra on the floor, giving up trying to hide what had just happened. My glare shifted to Terry, who was desperately trying to cover up with a sheet. She offered a reluctant smile. 

Jim, with a pair of panties in one hand, his robe in the other, spoke, "Hey man, I know this looks weird. It just happened, you know?" 

"No I don't know! Who would like to explain?" I stammered. 

That's when Barb whimpered, "Terry and Jim just dropped by, kind of out- of-the-blue. We had a drink or two and…" 

"You can tell me the whole story later." I said, in my pissed off voice. I have no idea how I should feel about all of this." 

Terry gathered up the cum soaked sheet around her and came toward me. For someone not schooled in flirting, she went right to seductive. 

"Now Donny, you can't tell me that once you got over first seeing us, you weren't a little turned on?" she asked with those bedroom eyes. 

With one arm holding the sheet close to cover her huge tits, she reached out with her other hand to grab the front of my pants. 

"Why Don, what's this?" Her hand found the remnants of cum still covering my fly. She brought a gooey glob of it up to my cheek, and whispered, "Just where did this come from?" 

I must have blushed as she licked the glob off her fingers and winked. This was definitely a side of Terry I'd never seen. (True, I had dreamed of, but never once imagined.) The whole scene seemed so surreal to the point that I had to get my bearings. I was confused and excited all at once. 

"I think I need to sit down." I said, staggering over to the love seat near the window. 

Terry told Jim, "Yeah, Donny needs to sit down and take this all in. Why don't you fix him a drink?" 

With Terry in control, Jim was quick to put on his robe and down the hall he dutifully went. I guess Barb decided this might be a good chance to apologize. She had put on a short teddy to cover up and came over to me. She slowly knelt in front of me and put her hands on mine. 

"You know I never would do anything to hurt you, honey?" she said with her best I'm-so-sorry look. 

I just looked down at her, past her pleading eyes, down the open front of her teddy and caught a wonderful view of her tits. After a few more quick remarks meant to soothe me down, she lightly kissed my cheek, and then lips. Barb had always had a way to win me over. This time was no exception. I knew in my heart I was more turned on than pissed off.

Chapter3: Showtime

By the time Jim handed me my drink, both girls were down in front consoling me. "Thanks Jim." I said, a bit more relieved. 

"You bet, guy! Hey, these two a quite a handful, aren't they?" He laughed. 

I laughed, "Actually, each one has more than a handful!" I quipped. 

"For sure!" added Jim. 

The girls now had big smiles. Barb's teddy had flopped over one shoulder, and Terry was tiring of changing arms, trying to hide her incredible tits. Sensing my mood change, Terry just gave up the battle of her bulges and dropped the sheet to the floor beside her. 

"No sense hiding anymore, I guess you've pretty much seen it all." 

"Never thought I'd live long enough to…" I started, starring at those huge jugs. 

"Well, looks like you're wish came true", said Barb. "They are nice, aren't they, Donny?" she asked. 

"Yes in deed, every bit as well proportioned as yours." I remarked. 

"So, are there any other wishes you'd like to come true?" Terry asked, as she ran her soft hand up my calf to my thigh. 

"Shit, I can't get over how slutty you girls are!" I said. 

"Oh, we can be sluts alright," Terry continued, "if that's what turns you on." 

After considering Terry's question, I asked, "Well there was another kind of wish I had, but you guys have already done it. I came in too late and missed my wife getting fucked by another man". 

With that, Terry rose to her feet and took Jim's hand and motioned Barb to get up. She had them both join hands and looked at me for approval. 

Barb quickly broke away and said, "You can't be serious, Terry! It's one thing for Donny to see me eating out another woman, but screwing Jim?" 

Terry took Barb's forearm and led her away into the bathroom. "Let's talk this over Barb", she said.

"So Jim, when did you and Terry get back together? I haven't seen you for months. I thought it was over between you two." I asked, just making conversation. 

Jim explained that he and Terry hadn't really broke up. They had been seeing each other for months, but this was the first time they came to visit Barb. 

"Hey man, are you sure about me nailing your wife?" he asked. 

"Oh yeah, nothing would please me more." I nodded. We sat down and enjoyed our drinks. 

"You know maybe some other time would be better" he said. 

"Why, can't you get it up after that great blow job from Terry?" I asked. 

"Hey, these chicks could raise the dead!" he laughed. 

"Well OK then, do it-to it, man!" I demanded. 

Jim shook his head in agreement and smiled. The girls had been in the bathroom quite awhile. 

I yelled, "What's the hold up girls? Is there a problem?" 

Just then the bathroom door opened and here they came. They had each redone their makeup and put on killer lingerie. Barb wore a silk red bra, panties, hose and garter belt. She scampered to the closet and put on 7 inch red heels to complete the outfit. Terry was wearing a totally black, bustier, panties and sheer black hose with garter belt. She nudged me lightly with her boob as she turned to face me directly. 

"Shall we get a good seat, Donny?" This whole slut routine was definitely working for me. 

The room filled with their perfume. Barb went to dim the lights and Terry closed the curtains. Terry and I took the love seat and eased back to watch the show. 

"This should be fun." She said, taking my hand in hers with a squeeze. 

The lights were on just enough to watch the floor show with no problem, and seductive enough to hide the audience (me and Terry) from view. Jim in his robe and Barb stood facing each other, close enough to whisper. 

"Are you sure about this Barb?" he asked. 

She nodded. He reached behind her head and drew her to a kiss. The kiss got more and more passionate. She started sucking his tongue, as he slowly undid her garter belt and began to rub her hairy mound. Terry inched over right next to me on the love seat. 

"I had no idea Barb liked to be watched." She said quietly. 

With my eyes glued to the action, I thought back to our younger, friskier days. I told Terry how, after Barb had a couple of drinks, I would break out the video camera to tape our lovemaking sessions. Barb always had a bit of exhibitionism in her. I further explained my theory that all women, by a certain age, like to show it off to someone else. 

"I suppose you're right, Donny. I think I'm at that age now!" she whispered. I smiled, never once letting my eyes stray to her beauty. 

Things were getting warmer 'on stage'. Barb untied Jim's robe and started playing with his cock. Kissing her face, ear and down her neck, he let fall her bra straps. Her breast expanded to meet his touch. She stroked his meat with both hands now. Jim unshouldered his robe and let it fall behind. His cock was rigid and quite impressive, a good 10 inches and thick enough for Barb to use both hands. Still kissing her neck and shoulder, he curled both thumbs around her panties and ripped them down in one stroke. She stepped out of them and spread her legs enough for his hand to find it way to her pussy. She was hot, wet and ready. He slipped first one finger, then two in and out of her, faster and faster. Barb shuddered against his chest and tried to regain her hold on his massive dick. He didn't give her the chance. 

He picked her up and cradle-lifted her to the bed. He stood at the edge of the bed with her in his arms. They both looked out in our direction. Barb tried to shadow the light holding her hand above her eyes to see. She couldn't see us. She asked one last time, 

"Are you sure about this Donny?" 

In the dim lit room the sweet stench of pussy and perfume teased my nose. I heard the air conditioner kick in. I breathed a sigh and answered. 

"Yes. Enjoy yourselves." 

Don't ask me how, but sometime during this show, Terry had removed her own panties and was fingering herself. It was too dark to plainly see, but I could smell the sweet aroma of her pussy next to me. I looked over to see that she had reclined on the love seat just enough to make her finger fucking easier. With her head back, mouth open and eyes shut, she squinted as she continued to bring herself to a silent orgasm. 

I glanced back to the bed to see Barb now engulfing Jim's cock in her mouth. She couldn't deep throat him. His dick was way too big. He slid it about half way in and out of her mouth, again and again. She moaned and gagged a little on the in strokes. Well, the bitch hadn't had a big cock for who-knows-how-long. She deserves it. 

I'm started to relax and enjoy the whole scene. I readjusted myself on the love seat. In doing so, I must have brushed Terry's leg and she jerked awake from her trance. 

"So how are you enjoying the show?" she asked. 

"It's quite a show. I'm also enjoying the sideshow!" I continued to whisper. She giggled and blushed. 

"You know, you really should be more comfortable. Is this how you normally watch porn?" she asked, unbuttoning my shirt. 

"Shhh Terry, I don't want to miss a lick of this." I said, returning my focus to the bed. 

Jim was building up to a fevered climax, and about to announce it. Barb stopped sucking his cock right then and told him not to waste it. He relaxed and smiled. Terry continued undressing me, all the while scolding me for not getting more comfortable. 

"So, do you just get a thrill from watching your wife getting fucked by a young stud? I sure don't want to interrupt you, if this is your thing." she said, undoing my belt. 

I turned and looked her straight in her heavily made up eyes. "I'm sorry, I would never mean to ignore you!" I said seriously. 

With that, her eyes closed, she leaned her head to one side and kissed me hard on the lips.

Continued on Chapter 4, Sideshow Terry