 It was a very non-committal e-mail answer to my ad but intrigued me enough to reply and set up a meeting. Bob not only sounded nice and lived not too far from me but he had enclosed a photo of his equipment which immediately captivated me and he was interested in the same things I was, so I e-mailed and asked him if he could meet me around noon the next day at a coffee shop around the corner from my apt. and we would take things from there. He replied almost immediately and gave me a quick description of himself and suggested that we meet in front of the coffee shop where we'll be able to spot each other more easily. 

I looked forward to meeting him as I was very interested in meeting another married guy who loved man to man sex also and lived in the area. My wife does not provide anywhere near the amount of sex I need and, not wanting the possible complications of a M-F relationship, decided on finding another married guy like myself who's in the same situation. Thus far, I hadn't been lucky but I had a feeling about Bob and couldn't wait to meet him. Since I fell in love with his cock from the pic he sent, he would have to be a real ghoul to keep me from sucking that beauty of his. I figured that, if he looks OK, instead of going to the coffee shop, I'd take him to my place where we could get acquainted with more privacy. 

Lucky for me, I work out of my home and my wife works in an office downtown so I'm totally free, unless I have a particular business appointment, every day. I went to bed that night with a huge hardon that refused to go down as I kept thinking about the possibilities of tomorrow's meeting and it took a long time before I fell asleep.

I got to the coffee shop at noon and he was standing out in front waiting for me. He was a very clean cut, good looking guy about mid forties wearing a glen plaid suit, shirt and tie and the moment I saw him I suggested that we go back to my place as it would be a lot more private than the coffee shop and he agreed and we went back around the corner to my apartment. We sat down in the living room and, after some small conversation, got to the reason for our meeting. He agreed with me that he also wanted a purely sexual man to man relationship as an adjunct to his sexual relationship with his wife who doesn't provide enough sex for him either. We cleared the air on any health issues and I suggested that we undress and get to know more about each other. 


We started to strip and when I turned to him after undressing, I saw his absolutely gorgeous penis, half hard, thick, long and capped by the most suckable head I ever saw. We walked towards each other and I reached for his beautiful organ, which was even better than the photo he sent me, and took it in my hand just as he took mine in his and we played with each other for a few moments before I couldn't wait any longer and had him sit back on the couch while I got between his legs and began licking and sucking his gorgeous erection while I tugged on his balls and slipped a finger in his asshole. His penis tasted delicious and felt wonderful in my mouth or down my throat and I was totally into sucking him when he tapped me on the shoulder and asked if we could lay down on the couch and 69 as he wants me in his mouth also. We got comfortable on our sides, with our heads resting on each other's thigh, as we lost ourselves in sucking our cocks. 

I loved the taste of his penis and sucked him up and down his shaft but especially his beautiful sloping cockhead with that deep ridge around it which I would nurse on, trying to coax him to feed me his cum. He was sucking on my penis like his life depended upon my cum for his survival and I totally lost myself in the pleasures of sucking his organ while feeding him mine. We were both in another world and I never wanted those feelings to end but, alas, I felt his cock swell and begin to jerk as he shot spurt after delicious spurt of cum into my hungry mouth. I swallowed every drop of his cum and found it really delicious and kept sucking his penis as he brought me to orgasm with his talented mouth and my organ began shooting hot ropes of cum into his greedily sucking mouth as he drained every drop of cum from my balls. 

Afterwards, while having a cold drink, he mentioned that his place will be available to us from tomorrow on since his wife is going out of the country on a job for a few months at the least. I told him that we should make use of it while it's available and he fully agreed. We had been playing with each other's organs as we talked and both were in full erection at this point. We lay down and started sucking each other with short conversation in between as we thoroughly enjoyed each other's cocks. I could easily become addicted to his cock and the cum he feeds me and the thought of all the time we'll have together at his place while his wife is away, sent a thrill through my body as we fed on our organs, enjoying every minute of it. 

Between sucks, he asked me if I like fucking and I told him that I like to receive as well as give and he said that he was the same. He asked me if I were free tomorrow, during the day, as he wasn't working and we could spend all day in bed and fuck each other properly. I accepted the invitation immediately and we went back to sucking each other again. His cock was so delicious, so nice and thick, so nice and long, so gorgeous a cockhead that I couldn't help but worship it. It felt so comfortable in my mouth and down my throat that I could keep it there forever and I sucked deeply on his tool as he swallowed mine the same way and we both took off on a wonderful trip of pleasure. 

I was lost in the sensations of his mouth on my cock and his beautiful cock in my mouth and I cupped his balls as I drew deeply on his cockhead to draw out his cum. Suddenly my penis exploded in his mouth and sent hot jets of cum shooting out which he quickly swallowed. 

When the second spurt of cum filled his mouth, his orgasm struck and his penis throbbed as he shot his load into my waiting mouth and fed me string after string of his delicious cum which I tasted and swallowed. I sucked deeply on his erection to get all his cum out of him and squeezed it up from the base to lick up the last drops. We both reluctantly got up and, since it was too late to start another session, we got dressed and he gave me his card and asked me to be prompt tomorrow as he was going to be very horny waiting for me. After he left, I thought about how well everything turned out and the fact that it now looks like I have a steady cock to play with. Every time I thought about his cock, mine would start getting hard so I was hard, off and on, for the rest of the day. I tried not thinking about his gorgeous penis when I went to sleep that night but that was impossible.

I hailed a cab just outside my door and was at Bob's building in a few minutes. His concierge told me to go right up as Mr. Cox is expecting me and gave me the apt. number. He was on the thirty third floor and by the time the elevator got there, I was fully hard just thinking about what we would be doing in just another few minutes. He answered the door in a white terry robe and, as soon as he closed it, he reached for my crotch and felt how hard my penis was and suggested that I undress immediately since he was as horny as I and to prove it, opened his robe and displayed his absolutely gorgeous erection. I was out of my clothes in a flash and he led me into the bedroom where he lay down on a huge, king size bed on his back with his legs spread and his cock waving in the air. It was irresistible! I swooped down on his thick, hard cock and started licking it from the base up until I reached his beautiful crown. I spotted a large drop of precum welling up on his slit and caught it on my tongue before it fell and tasted its delicious flavor. 

I covered his entire crown with my lips and nursed on it as I ran my tongue all over it. Then I wanted to feel him deep down my throat and was just about to start when he got up and told me he wanted me to fuck him and he got on all fours and presented his ass to me. I noticed some KY on the table and dabbed a little on my cock as well as his asshole and then fit the head of my penis to his anus and pushed the head inside and worked it slowly in and out until he was fully lubed. Then I started stroking in and out and damn, it felt good! His ass was like a tight pussy and grasped my cock and didn't want to let go. As I fucked him, he was moaning and gasping and telling me not to stop and I reached around him and took his erection in my hand and began stroking it for him as I thrust my penis in and out of his sweet ass and listened to the sexy sounds and things he was saying. 

I loved fucking him! His ass was doing wonderful things to my cock and I felt my orgasm approaching like a freight train. My cock erupted with jets of hot cum shooting out and filling his ass and I felt his cock expand in my hand and jerk as each spasm hit and he shot a load of his cream on the bed. Afterwards, we went into the shower and came back into the bedroom to relax with cold drinks. 

Bob asked me if my wife knew anything about my love for cock and I told him that she hasn't a clue and I'd like to leave it that way until such time as she's ready for it. He said exactly the same thing mentioning that he has some ideas on how to get his wife involved sexually and hopes to try it out soon as he would love to have Paula attend the group sessions. Then we remarked about how lucky we both were to have met since we seem to satisfy each other perfectly, in all respects. With that, I took his thick tool in my hand as he did mine, and we lovingly squeezed our organs as they came alive and joined in the play. I told him that I had to get him ready to fuck me and leaned over and took his sweet cockhead between my lips and got him good and hard before I assumed the same position and offered him my asshole to use for his, and my, pleasure. 

He was leaking precum as he fed his thick organ into me and soon had his cock smoothly gliding in and out of me. I loved the feel of his thick organ in my ass and then I felt his hand stroking my cock as he fucked me and I was in heaven. The only thing I missed was having a cock or a pussy to suck while he fucked and jerked me. I heard him start talking about how good my asshole feels and that he loves fucking me and then felt his organ expand as he started shooting cum into me in spasm after spasm of orgasmic pleasure and my penis suddenly exploded and started pumping hot loads of cum all over the bed as he kept filling my ass with his juices. 

After resting a moment, we showered and then lay back on the pillows and talked about the beautiful things that we do for and to each other. I happened to mention that, while he was fucking and stroking me, I yearned to have a cock or a pussy to suck and he remarked that he had the same thought when I was fucking him. He said that, as long as we both feel the same way, he would look into it and see if anything could be done about it. 

Then we swung around and rested our heads on each other's thigh and began orally worshipping each other. I loved sucking him when he was soft so I could feel him growing in my mouth. I chewed on his flaccid meat until it started to grow to huge proportions and I had to content myself with sucking it and stroking it. I played with his balls and asshole while he did the same and we slowly drifted into sucking each other deeply and holding each other there as we swallowed around our shafts and milked our organs. I had him deep down my throat and got a wonderful feeling of peace and contentment from it. I don't know if he felt the same but we both deep throated each other and held it there for long periods of time. I had no idea of time and didn't care. All that mattered was sucking his delicious penis and I lost myself in doing just that, as I worked my head up and down his thick shaft. 

Suddenly I heard a muffled cry and his cock erupted in spasms shooting ropes of cum into my hungry mouth which I gulped down as if addicted to it and, as he fed me his cum, my penis exploded in his mouth feeding him load after load of my cum. We both kept sucking each other long after our last spasm ended and when we finally let go of our cocks, we lay back and rested a minute before I had to get dressed and get home ahead of my wife. Bob saw me to the door and we fondled each other's organs before saying goodbye.

I was busy with appointments the next day and hardly had a chance to think about Bob's beautiful penis but it did creep into my thoughts from time to time and caused a few hardons during the day. I finished up work and was just getting ready to relax when the phone rang and it was Bob. He asked me if I could come over early the next day as he had a surprise awaiting me and wanted me to stay as long as possible to enjoy it. I told him I'd be over by 10 am if that was OK with him. He agreed on the time and I found my cock fully hard in anticipation of our get together. 

I arrived at precisely 10 am and he answered the door in his terry robe. He asked me to undress in the living room and then led me back to the bedroom by my penis which was already rock hard. There on the bed was an absolutely gorgeous gal with large, full breasts and huge erect nipples. He introduced her as Charly. She had the sheet covering her legs and hips but she looked like she was built beautifully. Bob walked over to the bed and with a circus flourish lifted the sheet off her revealing a thick, half hard, large cock with a beautiful, flared head that looked so delectable I wanted to take it in my mouth. Then, with another circus flourish, he lifted her gorgeous penis to reveal her petal-like labia and pink hole and I couldn't believe my eyes. She was an absolutely gorgeous female in all respects and in addition had a gorgeous thick cock. 

I congratulated Bob on his resourcefulness in inviting such a perfect sex partner and told him that I want to get to know Charly better as I sunk down between her thighs and began to lick her pussy before moving up to the erect shaft that beckoned me to suck it. Her pussy tasted and smelled delicious and I was busy teasing her clit when she pushed her cock into my face and asked me to suck it also. She kept feeding me her cock and pussy alternately and I was enjoying sucking both and listening to her moans and groans of passion as I did. Bob got under me and took my throbbing member in his mouth as he fondled my balls and I lost myself in the pleasure he was giving me while I moved back and forth from her cock to her cunt enjoying both equally. Suddenly, she grasped my head in her hands and forced her thick cock deeper in my throat as it swelled and erupted in orgasm and I gulped down an unusual amount of cum from her gorgeous organ. 

As soon as her last spasm ended, she pulled her softening cock from my mouth and placed her clit there instead and began fucking my face in a frenzy of passion as she announced that she was ready to cum again and just as she placed her wet hole over my mouth, she went into orgasm which gave me the opportunity to lick her delicious juices as they flowed down on my tongue. That was the first time I had ever sucked cum out of a cock and pussy like that and Charly told us that before the day was over she wanted both of us to suck her so that she cums with both organs at the same time, which she said was a mind blowing experience. Meanwhile Bob was servicing my cock beautifully and Charly lay down in front of me so that I could suck her fabulous breasts and nipples while he sucked me. Her nipples were at least half an inch long and were fully erect as I nibbled on them and then Bob started drawing deeply on my organ and I thought he would suck my balls right through my cock. 

He worked his head up and down and grasped the base of my shaft and stroked it as he sucked and, I was sucking on an erect nipple, when my penis began pumping ropes of cum into his voracious mouth which he swallowed hungrily. I was in spasms for what seemed like forever and emptied my balls into his mouth as he kept deeply sucking my cock. I lay there with my head on Charly's breast and my cock in Bob's mouth for what seemed like forever until Charly moved and we broke apart. 

After cleaning up and refreshing ourselves, I told them that I would like to fuck Bob while Charly fucks me so we got into a suck circle and it wasn't long before there were three gorgeous erections in the room. I had Bob lay down on his back and fit the head of my cock to his anus as I pushed it inside and got it good and lubed so that it was sliding in and out smoothly. When I worked it deep inside his ass, I held it there and felt Charly's cockhead entering my asshole in slow sensuous strokes as she lost herself in the pleasures my ass was giving her. We fucked like this for quite some time until Bob suggested that we switch positions and I wound up with my cock in Charly's cunt while Bob was pounding my ass with that beautiful battering ram of his. 

After a while of this, we changed again and this time, I was fucking Charly in the ass as I sucked Bob's beautiful organ and as soon as I started spurting hot cum into her, Bob's penis jerked in my mouth and I was rewarded with jets of cum which I happily swallowed. 

After we cleaned ourselves and the bed and lay back and talked about all the wonderful things we had just done, Bob got up and put a videotape in the machine and turned on a sex film showing a group of bisexuals having at one another. Then I noticed that one of the participants was Charly and another, Bob, and I watched with renewed interest as they had sex of every kind with each of the group which was composed of men and women. Charly was a favorite of both the men and women and she was busy all the time as they never let her cock go soft. Bob told me that one of the group had a video camera and taped their last get together which was a couple of months ago. He started pointing out the gals and guys in his group, one by one, and every one of them was attractive and well built. He said that, eventually, I would meet all of them as they were about ready to have another meeting. 

After watching the video, my organ was standing straight up and Charly walked over and poured a few drops of lubricant on my shaft and then sat down and started to stroke me. Her hand felt good and she knew how to work it over my penis as she had me totally in her power after only a minute or so. I lay back and lifted my hips to give her more of my cock as she expertly stroked my thick, throbbing pole and sent me off into a world of fabulous sensation. I was in a state of sexual heaven as Charly stroked my cock and played with my balls and, because of our previous activity, was high and horny but was nowhere near cumming. After some time, she suggested that we form a jerk circle and jerk each other off, so she continued stroking me as Bob started stroking her and I reached over and took his rapidly hardening penis in my hand as he poured a few drops of lube on his cock and I started masturbating him. 

I loved the feel of his thick, hard penis in my hand and stroked it as I worked my hand over his head and got a gasp out of him every time I did it. I watched as he masturbated Charly the same way and every once in a while slipped a finger in her cunt. She was in the same part of the world I was in and was lifting her hips and fucking his fist as he stroked her. All three of us were hot and horny but not quite ready to cum, so after stroking each other for quite some time, Charly asked us if we would both like to try and make her cum from both her organs at the same time, which was her favorite. We had her get on her knees and I got underneath her in a 69 and took her magnificent erection in my mouth as Bob came up behind her and started to lick her ass crack down across her asshole and into her sweet cunt. Charly leaned down and took my hardon in her mouth and began sucking it as the three of us entered another world of pure pleasure. 
