 "Who are you cupping with?"

That phrase stuck in my head the moment Melinda asked. She murmured something else about 'coming' or 'coming inside' as she walked into the odd café. A friend waved to her from the window.

We were not going anywhere in particular. I was on an extended vacation in a new country and only went out that morning to walk my dogs. Melinda approached me, as she knew the family I was staying with and just started walking with me.

The oddity of the country was that it seemed that no one did any gardening. Not that there were weeds along the suburban streets. There was no unsightly overgrowth in any yard, but it was obvious that there were no flowers, and the plants that grew to any height at all were more exotic weed than intentional planting. Yet, none of it seemed out of place. There was a comfort in this country with things that initially were quite odd to me. Through the early stages, I keep my silence.

Before we crossed the street, I do not know what else to call it, to enter the café; my brain was quickly processing a setting I never previously imagined. There was a river, every bit as deep as I imagined the River Liffey in Dublin, but it was not quite so wide. It was a cross between a river and a canal; the water moved too quickly to be a canal, and therefore was also relatively clear. Not murky at all. What struck me is that there was no railing or guarding from anyone just walking into it. My dogs tugged to go in for a swim, but I could not know if it was safe. As I stray closer to rushing river, Melinda had moved away behind me to cross the street to my right, she stepped right down into water. The entire street submerged in two feet of water. She just walked right down into it, he jeans now soaked just below the knees, and she sloshed across as if she had been doing it all her life and this was not a flood at all, it was just the way things are.

She never looked behind to see if I would follow. She knew I would.

The dogs and I stepped right down into and they loved it. It was colder than I had hoped. The lumpy cobblestone and offset brick street beneath my feet served to help you keep balanced as the water did spill off in all directions from the river.

When we got across there were many people moving about for it being so early in the morning. Their pants and skirts in varying degrees of wetness and dryness. My mind raced and my eyes searched for an empty clearing where I could allow the dogs to shake themselves off without spraying a group of strangers. Before I could do anything, Melinda saw her friend in the window, I saw the woman wave from her seat inside, and quickly moved to join her. She had not said anything to me in several minutes but when she saw her friend, it was as if an idea dropped from a nesting place in her brain. Her whole body shot to electric life and she smiled while darting a raised eyebrow glance over her shoulder and asked, "Who are you cupping with?"

I could have sworn it had a suggestive lilt to it, but I did not know. Everything was off to me and I was way out of sorts. My wet dogs brushed against a couple of men standing and having coffee. I went to apologize, expecting them turn and acknowledge it as an affront, but neither batted an eye. 

The rooms were tight with people and chairs. Small round tables pushed together, separate, all in odd places. There was no sense of them being in a proper place. Everything about the place suggested that people were having coffee in someone's cluttered garage.

I found myself in a tiny hall with many open entrances. I had lost Melinda momentarily, but she quickly appeared, took me by the wrist, and brought me to the table. She already had a coffee in front of her seat, and there were two friends sitting there with her. All three of them were lovely. I had forgotten about my dogs until Melinda's friend Angela commented how well behaved they were. She said so with the same smirk Melinda had on her face when she asked me about "cupping".

My dogs settled contentedly on the hardwood floor next to a dormant fireplace. Had it been in use I would certainly be aflame along with them – our table nudged so tightly against it. Coffee in a small white cup and saucer sat before me. I did not see who did it.

I wish I could remember all of what Melinda and her friends spoke to me about, because it was all directed at me. I can only remember the things that embarrassed me or caught me off-guard. They were all sexy and that sexiness distracted me.

For a long stretch, Angela teased, "Look, he's wearing a wooly jumper and shorts!" Melinda directly fired, "Did you travel with any women?" In addition, Aimee smirked, "He hasn't touched his cup."

Cup.

"What is cupping?" I blurted.

All three giggled, more than giggled. They got a good laugh at my expense. I was way out of my element and they were thoroughly enjoying this. In an oddly intense way, I felt so vulnerable and at their mercy. I was so attracted to each of them that I did not mind. There were things I was hoping for, imagining, and as each looked at me with their eyes it felt as though they could see what I was seeing in my head.

"You're cupping with me, right now." Came from Melinda's little smile.

"We're all cupping." Corrected Angela.

Was it cupping as in coffee? It seemed to be. It was term that women would use I imagined. As it was, I did not really buy that notion, and they were beginning to hint that my intuition was not wrong.

Aimee's foot briefly hit mine.

Angela changed the subject, "Are you traveling with a woman?"

"No, I'm meeting up with family later in the trip. I am alone now. Well, except for these guys." My dogs had fallen asleep. There was more silence and they were all watching me. I controlled it, but I was squirming inside. I broke the silence.

"I am dating someone back home. She'll be meeting up with me and family in a week."

Again, collectively they had a laugh. "Dating!" They laughed that word as if they didn't use it. As if it were some ancient colloquialism.

"Are you shagging?"

I was looking and didn't know who asked it. Melinda wasn't at the table. I looked around and just caught the tail end of her figure disappear into the hall where I remembered seeing a line for a bathroom.

"Are you shagging her?" Aimee looked straight into my eyes. It was so intense, almost too much to take. I didn't know if she meant my girl from back home or if she meant Melinda. I just stared back at her stupidly.

The silence was more than enough to let them both know that I was completely knocked out by them. They could have their fun with me and not get any kind of fight back.

The coffee was unique. There was a definite buzz forming in my brain. The whole place acted like it was a bar, but it was 7 o'clock in the morning. The way people dressed, the haphazard nature of how people moved, the enormous amount of coffee they all seemed to drink. Looking around more closely, no one drank anything but this coffee. I pulled the cup closer to face and smelled it. The girls giggle some more, "You like?"

Mmhm.

Angela touched my hand as said, "You can't get this kind of coffee anywhere else. We won't even ship it anywhere. You have to come here."

I went to ask, but Aimee jumped my question, "Don't ask. We all don't have to know everything. Sometimes things are just nice. Enjoy them. Go with it. We are."

I saw Melinda appear at a different doorway than she left. She looked sexier than ever. Tall, fit, and sexy. While she had an adorable face, something like you'd see on a fairy, her sexiness came from three places: the softness and curve of her long neck and elegant shoulders and upper chest, her intensely delicate eyes, and the confident gentle nature of her direct words and actions. Melinda, fully clothed, coffee cup in hand, in a crowded café at 7oclock in the morning aroused a tiger in me that I never knew existed.

I hadn't even noticed that Angela went from covering my hand with hers to interlocking her fingers with mine and caressing the back of my thumb with hers. Melinda sat down and pushed the full cup of coffee in her hands towards me. I drank from it in silence and let her look directly into me eyes and into me.

Aimee made my heart rush even more, "Finish your coffee. You're coming back with us. We're cupping you."

The swirl of the rush of the coffee, the walk to the flat, would have overwhelmed me had not Melinda locked arms with me and guided me. Aimee held the leashes of my dogs. I have no idea who owned the flat; there were two men and a woman smoking and drinking coffee out of those same white cups and saucers in a living room area. Aimee dropped the leashes and my two guys just plopped down on the tiled entrance hall and went right to sleep with a loud simultaneous sigh. Aimee guided me with a hand in the small of my back into a tiny, narrow, bedroom.

The lights were off but there was dim morning light coming through a rice paper shade. The lavender walls and clean scent of orange and almonds almost made me forget myself. The door shut silently behind me, but the lock didn't catch. It surreptitiously crept back open a slight amount.

Aimee was on her back on the single bed as Angela slid her hands along Aimee's arms. Slowly up and down. Aimee's eyes were closed and Angela looked and smiled at me through the dim blue glow of the room.

Melinda's lips were right behind my right ear. No part of her touched me, but I could feel her breath as she whispered words I couldn't hear. Again, for what seemed like the sixth time since everything began in the café, I became intensely aroused. Melinda kept whispering as I turned my head to see her. Her lips barely grazed cheek and lips. It was pure torture. I knew enough not to cross the line, that this was some part of some game or ritual or some event that I knew nothing about, and that if I just went with it, that if I just fought every response to act out, that if I trusted Melinda, that they would all take good care of me and guide me the right way.

Melinda's eyes ate my eyes in the blue darkness. She whispered a little more loudly, but it was in her natural language. It was so incredibly sexy. 

Melinda's breasts were the first part of her to touch me in her whispers. At first she barely brushed them against me, but as she whispered and I melted she pressed them harder. I leaned forward and it was as if her soft exotic words and smooth sensitive chest held me up. Our chests slowly, ever so slowly, began to grind into the other. Through the fabrics of our tops, our chests were massaging each other. While she clearly had the lead, my masculinity began to growl, and I would push and rub harder.

Her whispers mixed with sighs and our lips came so close that our breath passed from our lips and directly into the mouth of the other. We established a rhythm and breathed in and out, directly giving and directly taking from the other. We didn't kiss, we didn't touch except for our chests, but I was dizzy with her, and I was drunk with her.

Four hands carefully undid my pants and slid them down my legs. Four hands did the same to Melinda. We continued to make love with eyes and breath.

Four hands slid up shirt and twenty fingers lightly scratched and caressed my chest, my back, and my nipples. The buttons on my shirt slid away and my shirt disappeared down my back, brushing my ass. Four hands crawled under Melinda's shirt and I pulled back to clear her chest. She gasped disappointed that I stopped and pulled away, but four hungry hands seized the chance and cupped and pinched at her chest. Melinda smiled and showed me the slight tip of her pink tongue.

Aimee and Angela guided her top off over her head, and then our naked chests pressed back together. Lightly again, at first. Our nipples nudged against the other, making tiny circles, caressing side to side, becoming firmer in the joyous play with the other.

Our faces came closer. Our lips danced and darted forth and back in a little game of 'you can't kiss me yet' but I'm going to devour you when you do.

Aimee, behind me, and Angela, behind Melinda, slid their hands across our ass, and over our sex. Aimee rubbed and tugged on me through my underpants as Angela did the same to Melinda. My arms rose and slide beneath Melinda's. I needed to touch her in some way. My aching sex craved her touch. She knew I knew that she was leading me, but she also knew and accepted the animal in me that crouched in waiting. She was going to feed me, and she knew I was ready to tear her apart deep inside the jungle.

Our arms locked around each other around our shoulders, our lips still played the cat and mouse game, and our chests solidly rubbed and pressed into the other. Angela and Aimee now alternated hands on each of us. Angela squeezed me and then would run a firm hard finger against Melinda, and Aimee took her fingernails to me swelling balls or would grab a handful of Melinda's throbbing mound and massage it hard. All of this set the stage for the most electric moment. 

Without warning, amidst all of the hands, Aimee and Angela slid our underpants off and rubbed their own soft naked bodies against our backs. My cock, freed, sprang firmly against Melinda's hungry bush as her mouth kissed me like red licked candy.

My cock slid between her milky soft thighs beneath her pussy. She was already so wet, and the heat radiating from her womanhood made my cock throb thicker and longer than I had known.

Aimee and Angela kissed our backs, the backs our necks, ran their fingers all around and through Melinda's short hair, and Melinda and I stood in a long firm embraced and kissed and kissed and kissed.

I found myself pulled to the narrow bed by three women. Atop of Melinda I wanted my cock sucked, but I wanted to be inside of her more. I pushed my upper body up and looked down at this whimpering aching beast. My cock hovering just atop of bush. My tip brushed it. She softly gasped. Her eyes gently shut and both of her hands slipped between her thighs and guided my cock to her softly shining glory.

I pushed inside of her in slow rhythms, feeling as much as I could, taking my time, getting to experience it all, the depths, the sensitive spots, the thin folds. It was too much to bear. With opened eyes drifting into mine like smoke, all of her crawled into all of me and there were no walls. We were making love, and for the first time I would do whatever a woman wanted. I was free.

Deep into her, my cock settled down, my brain settled down, and I started to increase the pace. A quickened pace turned to a harder pace turned to rougher pace where grabbed her legs and shoved them over my shoulders. My arms engulfed the rest of her as my body pressed her knees well behind her ears. I pounded her little pussy. Her ass bounded atop the bed and I was deep, deep, inside, feeling warmth and wetness, electricity, and gentleness. We both started to sweat onto the other. She smiled wide with her lips and she screamed high with her eyes. Her hands came up to my chest and she whispered to slow down, slow down.

She knew what she was doing.

Aimee and Angela crawled behind us. As Melinda and I slow fucked, the two friends tongued each of deep inside. The rimming made me swell harder, and it was all I could do to hold on. However, hold on I would.

Eventually Melinda and I pulled apart and Aimee and Angela crawled all over her body. Melinda had moved lower on the bed and I was still up by the pillows mostly. As Angela massaged and lapped at Melinda's glowing sex, Melinda reached over with her lips and sucked on my softening member. I hadn't come, but the intensity was so palpable for so long, that any time without it and my cock resettled. Aimee crept up and put herself in a little ball on the pillows next to me. She started to softly kiss my lips. When I kissed her back she stopped. She told me without words to just take it. She wanted to nibble at me.

The intensity of Amanda eating Melinda's pussy translated to the intensity with which she sucked my cock. It was so easy to pump and fuck her face, my hands on the back of her head, caressing her soft short brown hair, fucking her mouth harder. Her gag reflex kicking in when I held her head there for long moments, but once released she went right back it, not minding being choked, gagged, for brief periods. It felt greatest when she squeezed her lips around the crown of my cock and I quick fucked like that, so necessarily so deeply, but having her lips and tongue hit the right spot repeatedly. Still, there was something exhilarating about driving my cock deep into her mouth. 

When Amanda's pussy eating turned to rimming and then finger fucking her ass, Melinda needed cock again. She flipped over onto her knees and said these words to me, which are burned in my brain, "Cup me."

I knew what it meant. My cock already raging hard, her ass soaking wet with Amanda's saliva, Aimee sliding her face under Melinda's pussy, I put my hands on her small waist and pulled her against me. My long twitching cock slid up and down her soaking wet crack. Angela really did a job on her. The thick vein under my shaft slowly rid the slight curve of her ass as Aimee pressed her soft lips against Melinda's clit. I could almost feel what Melinda felt. Aimee's lips were incredible soft and attentive, and again, just the thought of something almost made me gush and release my ropes of cum all over them. Concentrating, I held on.

My cock slow pushed into Melinda's ass. Her face turned to see me, her eyes once again, on little kitten's paws, simpered along that path that leads straight to my heart. Deep inside of her, we made love again. Her ass felt different, a different tightness, a different texture, a different heat, but it was sexy. The curl of her lip, the softening edge of her eyes, the sensitive flesh of her ass feeling and reading every scratch and caress of my fingertips. It was Melinda who sent me signals that it was all right to go harder. Something in me made me want to take it easier on her ass, but she was becoming beast again, and she fanned my embers. 

We started rocking harder into each other. She pushed back into me with hard shoves of her arms into the bed. She collapsed onto her elbows, and used them to push more aggressively against me. Her upper body fell next, pushing her ass high, changing the angle, fanning me hotter, and I drove my cock into her harder and rougher than I fucked any pussy. This she couldn't bear, her eyes turned, and her whole body collapsed onto of Aimee, almost smothering her, but Aimee's approving muffles underneath and she bit and chewed with her lips on Melinda's pussy was all the 'go-ahead' I needed. My chest pressed hard into Melinda's back and my biceps curled around her throat. I tightened my muscles around her throat and fucked her little sexy ass for all I was worth. I was going to cum deep inside her ass, right like that, right in that dominant animal position, but I wanted her eyes first. I wanted to to do to her what she did to me. To walk into her, to trample on her heart with love and lust, to rip her apart inside and put her back together all at once, all at that moment of release. I sucked and tongued her left ear, soaking it as I pounded her and worked up a huge load. It surged and surged, closer to the surface, ready to dive deep inside of her, ready to communicate the one thing that all humans desire and crave and need. Love. I whispered and commanded her in her ear, "Look at me."

Her beautiful head turned and our eyes met forever that moment.