 Patti sat checking her email early one morning when one caught her eye. It was an answer to the ad she and Ted had put on Craigslist the previous Saturday.

Opening the email she read it quickly. It was from a 20 year old college student named Jennifer. She was studying to be a Physical Therapist, it was her first time away from home and she was living with three room mates. She was trying to find an inexpensive place to live.

She liked her friends but they just did too much partying and not enough studying. 

Opening the pictures included with the email Patti saw Jennifer's picture's. Patti was instantly attracted to her. "Mmmm, I would love to have some of that." Patti said as she quickly answered the email giving Jennifer directions to the house, asking her if she would like to come over for lunch.

Fifteen minutes later Jennifer sent an email, accepting the invitation and saying she'd be there around 11:30.

Patti had three hours to get ready for her company, she made sure the house was neat and that the spare rooms was clean. She had to move some boxes and some of her arts and crafts supplies to the walk-in closet in the playroom. Making sure that room was neat she went upstairs and started fixing lunch.

Patti wished that Ted could be home for this.

She wasn't really sure what kinds of questions to ask. She would cross her fingers and hope for the best.

Jennifer sat cross legged on her bed and tried to finish her school work. Geeze didn't her room mates know how to be quiet. They just had to be loud all of the time. It drove Jennifer crazy. 

Her room mates didn't seem to worry about grades or anything else. They missed at least one to two days a week of classes each week. All they cared about was having a good time and partying.

They had been warned about missing classes, but they didn't seem to care. Well Jennifer did care, she was going to do her best to get her degree. Putting her headphones on she tried to get her work done before she had to meet Patti about the spare room they would rent. Anything would be better than where she was at right now. She went to her email and re-read the emails, she did like the idea of not having to pay rent. She wouldn't mind helping around the house for room and board. Going to Craigslist she read the ad over, they were offering a room in exchange for help around the house and a student that was Bi or Bi-curious. She had never been with a woman but the more she thought about it the more she liked the idea of at least trying it out.

Jennifer wasn't very experienced when it came to sex. She liked guy's but she found herself looking at women also. She had even had a fantasy about her room mate Angie. She had walked in on Angie when she was getting out of the shower. It didn't bother Angie one bit. Hell in fact Angie liked showing off her body to anyone who would look. Jennifer couldn't help but get embarrassed seeing Angie naked.

"Well are you gonna close the door or what?" Angie had told her as she dried herself off.

"Oh sorry Angie," Jennifer said staring at Angie's perfect C-cup tits and shaved pussy.

"You act like you've never seen pussy before?" Angie said as she grabbed her discarded clothes.

"Umm, well just my own." Jennifer said still looking at Angie's shaved pussy. Jennifer suddenly felt a wetness between her own legs. She had been with guy's before but they just didn't know how to make her feel good like she did when she played with herself. She wondered what it would be like to lick and suck Angie's tits. Angie walked past Jennifer through the apartment not caring that she was naked or if anyone eles was there.

After that day Jennifer found herself noticing women more and more. Wondering what they looked like naked. Wondering what it would feel like touching them. She had even gotten in the habit of watching lesbian porn and touching herself bringing herself off. She only did this when she was sure she would be alone. She sure didn't want anyone walking in on her.

Patti took the meatloaf out of the oven and sat it on the counter She checked that everything else was done and on the table, glancing at the clock she realized Jennifer would be there in about 20 minutes. 

"I hope I ask her the right questions?" she said to herself, making sure the small notepad was on the bar. She had wrote down a few questions for Jennifer, not really sure what she should ask. She was going to give it her best shot. She let the meatloaf rest before cutting it, going into the livingroom she watched for Jennifer to pull into the driveway.

Jennifer noticed the clock, crap if she didn't hurry she would be late. Closing her laptop she went and changed her jeans and shirt. She wanted to make a good impression. One last glance in the mirror she was satisfied she looked okay. Grabbing her jacket and purse she ran to her car. 

Pacing the living room Patti watched for Jennifer's car. She didn't know why she was so nervous. She was hoping that Ted could be home also. But she understood he had an important job and he was needed at the office. She could do this she told herself. How hard could it be to sit down and get to know this young lady and ask her a few questions. In the back of her mind she was hoping that maybe something would happen between her and Jennifer. Jennifer had told her in her email that she had never been with a woman but that she was curious and she had only been with a couple of guy's. But that she really needed a better place to live. Jennifer said she wasn't comfortable where she was living.

Patti noticed a small silver car coming down the street slowly, it must be Jennifer she thought as she went outside to meet her.

Jennifer pulled into the driveway noticing a woman walking out the front door. She recognized Patti by the picture she had sent to Jennifer earlier this morning. Patti seemed to be about her Mom's age. Taking a deep breath she stepped out of her car.

"Hi, Jennifer?" Patti asked walking towards the pretty young girl. She was even cuter than her pictures.

"Yes, Patti?" she said reaching out to shake her hand. "Hi, sorry if I'm a few minutes late. I lost track of time." 

"Oh no you're fine, come on in and make yourself at home." Patti said leading her into the house.

"I love your house, it's so pretty." Jennifer said glancing around the living room. 

"Let me take your things and we can go in and sit down." Patti told her as she took Jennifer's jacket and hung it up. "Um I hope you don't mind meatloaf and eating in the kitchen?" Patti said leading her to the cozy kitchen.

"Oh no sounds great." Jennifer said following. "I love meatloaf."

"Please have a seat, would you like some iced tea?"

"Oh yes thanks." Jennifer glanced around the kitchen, hoping to herself that this worked out for her.

 They sat and had a very enjoyable lunch, chatting and getting to know each other. 

"So you wouldn't mind helping around the house and maybe some yard work when it gets warm weather?" Patti asked, "We wouldn't ask you to do any heavy work, just basic stuff."

"Oh no I don't have a problem with it all." Jennifer said as she helped Patti clear the table and put the food away.

"Thanks for the help." Patti said putting the dishes in the dish washer.

 " I am just so ready to get out of the situation I am in. Like I said before there is just so much crap that goes on over there." Jennifer explained trying not to talk too much.

"Sounds like it." Patti said liking Jennifer more and more. " Would you like to see the rest of the house?" Patti asked her. 

"Sure." 

"Follow me." Patti said leading her through the downstairs, "This is our office, we have a desktop computer in there and printer, stuff like that. You could use it anytime you needed too." she said walking into the small office. Ted used it to do work he occasionaly brought home. Patti showed her the downstairs bathroom off of the livingroom. "It's not a really big house but it's home." she said proudly of the home she and Ted had made together. It was big enough for them and they were happy.

"Bed rooms are upstairs." Patti said as Jennifer followed her up the stairs. "We have three bed rooms up here." Patti said walking into one of the rooms. "There's plenty of closet space and built in shelves, room for a small desk."

Jennifer looked around the room and she liked it. It would be perfect for her. She noticed there was cable tv in the room, she liked that. There was a double bed, so Jennifer wouldn't have to buy a bed of her own. The apartment she lived in was already furnished when they had moved in.

"Through this door is the bathroom." Patti said as she led Jennifer to the bathroom. "There are two connecting doors to the bathroom for these two bedrooms." 

"Okay, that's great." Jennifer said liking the idea of having her own bathroom if this worked out.

"I do have a part time job at Wal-Mart, I can contribute to the household." she said liking this idea more and more. A couple of times she had caught Patti looking at her, as if she could see right through her.

 "Well, we'll work all that out." Patti said showing Jennifer the other bedroom. "Mine and Ted's room is down this way." Patti led the way, showing Jennifer her room. 

"I love your Four Poster bed." Jennifer said looking around the room.

"Thanks, oh um if Ted and I get loud in here just bang on the wall." Patti said with a laugh.

Damn she wanted to taste Jennifer, wanted to suck on her tits. She had to go slow and not jump into things. She didn't want to scare her off.

"Let's go to the best room in the whole house." Patti told her putting her arm around Jennifer's shoulder.

Jennnifer really liked Patti, she felt comfortable with her. Following Patti down stairs and then down to a larger room in the basement. Jennifer looked around and liked what she saw. She did wonder what those two Queen sized beds were doing down there but she didn't ask questions.

"This is our play room, we come down here to relax and have fun." Patti explained as she sat down on the sofa. "Come on and sit, so we can really get to know each other."

Jennnifer joined her on the sofa, she could just imagine the fun they had down here.

"So you're Bi-curious?" Patti asked looking at Jennifer.

"Well, um, I find myself looking at women wondering what it would be like to you know." She said wondering what it would be like to touch another woman.

"Nothing wrong with that." Patti told her.

"Really???" Jennifer asked, "I've even gotten into the bad habit of watching porn, not just regular porn but lesbians." Jennifer explained watching for Patti's reaction.

"It gets me all hot and I just have to touch myself." she continued as Patti moved closer to her.

"Really? I love to watch porn and play and get myself off too." Patti replied liking where this was headed.

Maybe she could get to taste Jennifer's pussy today. "Have you ever kissed a woman?"

"No." Jennifer admitted swallowing hard, just that thought made her panties damp.

Patti leaned closer to Jennifer and gently kissed her, she half expected Jennifer to pull away. Patti didn't want to rush things.

"Mmm" she moaned as Patti kissed her. She put her hands on Patti's shoulders and returned the kiss.

She did like this very much, she felt Patti slip her tongue into her mouth. They kissed entwining their tongues, Patti moved away from her.

"Would you like to learn?" Patti asked not wanting to scare her.

The young girl couldn't help herself, she had to know what it felt like to be with woman. She wanted to make love, lick and suck pussy.

"Yes, please." she whispered as she leaned foreward and kissed Patti again, liking it more and more.

"Well let's make ourselves comfortable" Patti suggested as she stood and took Jennifer by the hand and led her to one of the beds. 

Jennifer knew where this was headed, she was a bit nervous but she wanted this. She quickly slipped out of her shoes. 

Patti couldn't wait to taste Jennifer's pussy. Lick and suck her wet slit.

Jennifer stood and followed her. Standing next to the bed Patti reached out and cupped one of Jennifer's tit's in her hand. Patti took Jennifer's tee-shirt and quickly pulled it off over her head.

"It's okay." Patti told her as she kissed her again, caressing her tit as she pulled one strap down.

"Let's take this off." she said reaching behind and un-hooking Jennifer's bra. "Mmmm, nice." Patti said as she pulled the bra off and let it drop to the floor. She took Jennifer's left nipple in her mouth and gently sucked on it, making the nipple hard as she caressed the other one.

Jennifer couldn't believe that she was doing this, she had to admit that it did feel good. "Ooohh." she whispered as Patti continued to suck on her nipple, moving from one to the other. Jennifer could feel her panties getting damp. She reached down and undid her jeans and tried to pull them off.

"Let me." Patti told her as she reached for the jeans and she pulled them down. Jennifer stepped out of them, standing there in just her panties. Patti reached down and gently put her hand between Jennifer's legs. God she could feel the dampness already. She couldn't wait to lick and suck this pussy.

Mean while Ted was finishing up a meeting and was ready for some lunch. He wished he had time to go home and have lunch with Patti. Looking at his watch he might have time to run home for a quick bite. He decided to do just that. Take a break from all of these meetings. It seemed there was some sort of meeting every day lately. He had been working a lot of extra hours the past couple of weeks he hoped things would slow down soon.

Patti quickly undressed, and sat down on the bed. She needed some pussy bad. "Are you okay?" she asked, "You can change your mind." she said not wanting to push Jennifer into something she didn't want to do. 

"I'm fine, I want this I really do." Jennifer said as she leaned in and kissed Patti. Embracing each other they laid down on the bed and kissed deeply. Jennifer felt Patti reach for her tits again. Patti leaned over and took a tit back into her mouth, as she caressed the other one. "Oh God, this feels so good." Jennifer thought, no guy had ever made her feel this good. Patti slid one hand lower and lower, touching her softly, reaching her panties Patti slipped her hand inside.

"Mmmm." Jennifer moaned when Patti finally touched her pussy. Patti gently rubbed her fingers over that damp pussy.

"Do you like that?"

"Oh yes." Jennifer said wanting more. She reached down and started to pull her panties off. Patti kissed and licked her way to Jennifer's pussy. Jennifer laid there with her eyes closed loving the feelings.

"I've got to have you." Patti told her as she pulled Jennifer's panties off of her. "You have a sweet looking pussy." she said as she leaned down and licked Jennifer's pussy lips, flicking her tongue over them.

"Yeah." Jennifer moaned as she felt Patti's tongue on her most private area. She was going to like this.

"Like that?" Patti asked looking up at Jennifer, as she licked again and again.

Jennifer was in heaven, she looked down and watched as the older woman continued to slowly lick her, moving from her pussy to the insides of her thighs. "Mmmmm." she moaned, she felt herself getting wet. 

Patti was enjoying eating Jennifer's pussy. "I love the way you taste." she told Jennifer as she went back to lapping the sweet young pussy. She was going to do her best to talk Ted into letting Jennifer move in. It could be benificial to everyone. Jennifer would have a safe place to live, Patti could have some pussy once in awhile and they could have threesomes.

"Have you ever tasted yourself?" Patti asked as she pushed two fingers inside Jennifer's pussy.

"Once." Jennifer shyly admitted, feeling Patti gently fingering her pussy, in and out. She was getting so wet. "Yesss." Jennifer moaned it felt great. She could get used to this.

 Patti removed her wet fingers from Jennifer's pussy and offered them to her, to lick. "It's okay, you might like it." she told the young girl. Patti moved back up to Jennifer and kissed her deeply again, "Taste." Patti told her as Jennifer took her hand and licked her fingers, tasting herself for the first time. 

"Hmmm, I like that." she said as she took Patti's fingers into her mouth, noisly sucking her own juices. 

"Have you ever played with toys?" Patti asked as she reached over into the bedside table.

"Um, no not really I just use my hand." she admitted watching Patti take out a dildo. It wasn't a big one. Just looking at it made her mouth water, she wanted to suck it.

"I'm going to make you feel good." Patti told her as she moved back down between Jennifer's spread legs. Patti could feel her own juices flowing, making her all wet. "Grab the backs of your thighs and hold them back, it will open up your sweet pussy even more." Patti instructed her.

Jennifer did as she was told, holding her legs as far back as she could. It did open her up more.

 Patti teased Jennifer's pussy, running the tip of her tongue all up and down her pussy lips.

"Yeah." Jennifer moaned as Patti pushed her fingers back inside of her pussy. In and out she fucked that pussy. Jennnifer was loving the sensations it was giving her. 

They continued like this, Jennifer wanted to touch Patti, lick and suck her pussy. Taste her, make her cum. Patti licked her way to Jennifer's clit, as she fingered her deep.

Moaning Patti sucked Jennifer's clit into her mouth as she fingered her a bit deeper and faster. Damn Jennifer had a sweet tasting pussy, Ted would love to get some of this.

Jennifer was moaning and thrashing on the bed, she felt great she wanted to cum. "Please, make me cum." she begged, Patti kept getting her close to her climax and then she would back off and start all over again.

 Looking at Jennifer, Patti slowly and gently inserted the dildo into Jennifer's tight little pussy, making sure not to hurt her. "Like that?" she asked as she watched Jennifer take the dildo into her hole.

"Yes, please fuck me?" she asked as she grabbed her tits and pulled and pinched her nipples.

"I'm going to fuck you, I promise." Patti told her as she moved that toy in and out, making it wet with Jennifer's juices. Pulling the dildo out Patti took it in her mouth and licked it, up and down, sucking on it noisly. "Tell me how bad you want me to fuck you."

"Please, oh please fuck me." Jennifer pleaded wanting to cum.

"Take it." Patti said as she fucked Jennifer's tight little pussy, in and out faster and harder.

Jennifer had never felt like this before, no guy had ever made her feel like this. She looked down and watched as Patti fucked her. "Fuck that is good." she said as Patti licked her clit and gave her that dildo. "Yes, yes, yes." she moaned "Harder, fuck me hard." she begged.

Patti did as she was asked, fucking that hot wet pussy harder. She could hear Jennifer gasping with pleasure. "I'm going to make you cum."

"Please, please make me cum." she begged, she was so close to cumming it wouldn't take much more to send her over the edge.

"Cum for me." Patti told her slamming that toy deeply inside Jennifer's pussy, in and out she fucked her. Seeing the juices pouring out of that pussy. She pulled the dildo out and replaced it with her fingers.

Fucking Jennifer fast and deep, she bent down and licked and slurped up the juices.

"Now, oh fuck now!!!!!!!" Jennifer moaned loudly, humping her hips into Patti's face. 

Patti was loving this, making this young girl cum. She loved the taste of her pussy. In and out she finger fucked Jennifer. She could feel her pussy tighten around her fingers. She knew Jennifer was going to cum. "Cum for me."

"Ahhh, ccuuuummmmiiinnnggg." Jennifer moaned loudly as she climaxed, half way lifting her body off of the bed as she came, jerking with her climax. "Yes oh fuck yes."
