 The Phone Call... 

The email from his wife, Sarah, was simply entitled "Tonight" and told John little more than that she'd booked a sitter and they would be going out to dinner. Intrigued by her impulsiveness (this was not a common trait,) John shot back an excited response and eagerly awaited a reply. Despite the heavy afternoon, which lay in store for him at work, John found he could not concentrate at all, his mind racing through all kinds of scenarios, which might explain his wife's mysterious behavior, but it was close to three o'clock before Sarah called his cell and revealed her grand plan. 

"Hey, can you talk?" she said, in that husky way she knew he loved. 

"Sure I can talk," John replied. "I've been waiting for hours. What are you up to, exactly?" 

"Are you alone? Nothing's wrong, I just need to know that nobody else could be listening." 

Now he was even more interested. He could hear that she was kind of energetic, giddy even, like a child on Christmas Eve. Not wanting to drag the suspense out any longer, John quickly found an empty conference room and closed the glass door. 

"OK," he told her, slightly out of breath. "I'm alone, no ears within a fifty-foot radius. What is going on with you?" 

"So, look, I'll just jump into this..." 

Her voice fell to a conspiratorial whisper. 

"You know that night when we were on the couch and we watched that porno? You remember that, right?" 

Remembering 'That' Night... 

Of course he remembered. How could he not? They'd been at a boring work dinner with his company and were both a little buzzed. To pass the time, John had begun whispering naughty things to Sarah about what he was going to do to her when they got home. Later on, she'd returned from the bathroom and told him that her panties were now in her purse, that she was wet and very willing, and John had felt as though, were he a cartoon character, then his jaw would now be falling heavily to the floor. 

Neither of them was model-gorgeous, but who wanted those headaches, anyway? Sarah had jet-black hair, light porcelain skin, and looked amazing in any kind of little black dress, which was exactly what she'd been wearing that night. She was elegant, without being too revealing and, at thirty-eight with a full-time job and two kids behind her, she was in great shape considering she'd not seen the inside of a gym in years. 

John had been quite the athlete in his youth and still played softball for the company team. Middle-age was catching up with him, however and, at forty-three, he had the beginnings of a belly, something he fought against fiercely, running and working out whenever he could. Still, at a solid six feet tall, with his muscular frame and a healthy head of naturally dark hair, the two of them made a handsome pair. 

They'd teased each other for the rest of the evening, as the side whispers grew bolder and more daring. Sarah was not normally this risqué a person, but, of late, John had noticed that she'd become more forward in her flirting, and certainly more audacious when it came to sex. When they'd eventually arrived home, the sitter was dismissed with an almost rude urgency, before Sarah suggested that John undress and put on a porn movie while she went to 'prepare' herself. Obeying instantly, John quickly removed his shirt and pants, Sarah sweeping them up and disappearing down the hallway as John lay back naked on the couch and reached for the remote, his arousal already evident. When Sarah re-emerged, she was wearing his shirt, his tie hanging loosely around her neck. She still had on her high, black heels, but nothing else. She'd unbuttoned the shirt so it fell open to her navel, and the sleeves were casually rolled up to the elbows, the cool cotton brushing against her skin as she swished and stalked slowly towards him. Her breasts struggled to contain themselves, her nipples pressing hard beneath the fabric, as she hovered over her husband and held a rueful finger up to her red-rouged lips. 

"I couldn't find anything else to wear..." she cooed. "Is this good for you, or should I put on the pants, too?" 

As she spoke, she tugged gently on the shirt, pulling it up just enough to reveal the perfect, sandy brown landing strip sitting teasingly between her legs. 

"Leave those pants alone," John growled, "And come here-" 

Sarah dropped to the couch next to him as his hands immediately slid under the shirt and cupped one of her breasts. 

"What are we watching?" Sarah whispered, turning to the TV, where two ridiculously fit women - one blonde, the other brunette - were knelt either side of a guy on a large, plush bed. "Well they're not wasting any time, are they?" 

On the screen, the blonde was sucking the guy off, the brunette pushing her ass towards the camera, giving a view of her smoothly-shaved pussy. 

"Was I gone that long, or did you just fast-forward to this part?" Sarah smiled. "Not that I'm complaining." 

John mumbled something about 'fast forward,' but Sarah had a hard time hearing him as his mouth was already on her tits, sliding his tongue from nipple to nipple. She tossed the tie over her shoulder and put her hand around John's neck, pulling him further into her, while her other hand slid down his belly and headed straight for his cock. 

"I think this has got you all riled up, babe," Sarah murmured, "Was it all the dirty talk at dinner, or my juicy, hot, bare pussy under my little...black...dress? Huh?" 

She leaned down to his ear, her hair brushing his face. 

"Or maybe you just love me being naked under your shirt? I can tell you like it, I can feel you like it." 

She gave his cock a gentle squeeze and she felt John respond, his erection getting harder by the second. Looking back at the TV screen, Sarah's cupped his balls and used her thumb to stroke them gently. 

"And those girls going down on that guy..." she went on, as John lifted his head momentarily, the threesome hotting up in front of them. "I know that's turning you on, baby." 

His hips were starting to buck as Sarah worked him, before she sat back up and slowed the attention on his crotch. 

"I think you like all of it, right, sweetie?" she asked. "You want a piece of everything? I can do that for you. I can do whatever you want, and I know what you want." 

"Yes," John replied, his voice deep and heavy. "I want you to suck me. I want you to do what they're doing." 

"Sure, baby." 

She got down on the rug and turned so that her ass was between John and the screen, making sure he got a clear view of everything. She moved her head over his cock and, as she continued to pump him with her hand, she began sucking on his tip, her tongue hot and hard, offering John a brief glimpse of her bright red lips closing themselves over his cock before her gorgeous, silky hair fell over his legs, hiding what she was doing. But, with an amazing view of her ass, and the threesome on the screen getting hotter by the second, John was content to lie back and surrender himself to this impossible seduction. 

After a minute or so, Sarah came up for air and looked up at him. 

"Tell me what's happening over there," she said, "I want you to describe every detail, baby, as I take care of you." 

Her hand never stopped stroking him as she smiled naughtily and went back to work with her mouth. John rubbed his hand across her ass and probed between her cheeks with his thumb, desperate to reach her pussy, but Sarah responded with a subtle wiggle of her hips, which, John knew, was her way of telling him her pussy was off limits, for the moment at least. Right now, this was about him. 

He looked back to the screen and drank in the scene before him. 

"Uh, well the blonde is...sucking the guy," he began. "In fact, she has his whole cock in her mouth, she's gagging on it, it's so big, and the brunette is now facing us, she's sitting on his face, and her tits...her tits are bouncing up and down while she...while she rides his mouth...uh, uh, Jesus...uhhh..." 

"What else?" Sarah asked, her voice muffled as she continued to suck him off, hungrily. "Don't stop talking, tell me, tell what they're doing." 

"The brunette is now fucking him," John went on. "The two of them are kissing, holding each other up, it's so...fucking...HOT!" 

He dug his hand into his wife's ass. 

"God I want to eat you," John panted, desperately. "I want to fucking eat you, right now, let me eat you, let me taste you, this is hot, oh God I wanna lick you, suck you, uhh...oh don't you dare stop, don't you dare stop, I'm so fucking close...!" 

After eight years and a few thousand blow jobs together, Sarah knew it was time for what John lovingly called "The Bionic Mode," when she switched things up a gear and proved to him what he'd known very early on - that she could suck harder and faster than any other woman on earth. And, as the first jet of cum hit the warm vacuum of her mouth, she knew just the right amount of pressure to give with her hand and her mouth, to squeeze every last drop from him, prolonging his orgasm to the point where John could only moan and pant his pleasure, all words, all other feeling, lost to him. 

When he was spent, Sarah rubbed his hips and cleaned his cock with her tongue, before sitting back up and turning her attention to the TV, where the threesome were now fucking each others' brains out. 

"Fuck, baby, wow...!" John managed to whisper at last. "That was...Jeez...best, wife, ever...!" 

Sarah curled up next to him and lay her head upon his chest. She felt his breathing, the quick rise and fall of his chest; it was hypnotic, calming, and safe. Watching the fucking going on, on the screen, she casually draped one leg over his and snuggled into him. 

"That was fun, sweetie, you were so turned on. But this-" she nodded to the screen, "This is too orchestrated, too contrived, and those people are way too, well, perfect..." 

She stroked his belly with her hand and slid her leg up and down his shins. 

"I mean, my ass does not look like that...it didn't even look like that when I was twenty-two. And I'm sorry, but those tits...it's like gravity doesn't exist in these movies." 

"It's just a porno," John replied, hugging her closer. "It's fantasy, nothing more, nothing less." 

"OK, so let's go with that," said Sarah, moving her body so her pussy brushed against his bare thigh. "The fantasy. Is that your fantasy? Two girls?" 

"Oh no," John smiled. "I'm not falling for that one. You are my fantasy, babe. I have everything I need, right here." 

"Good answer, obviously," Sarah teased, "But seriously, if I came to you and said 'Honey, I found that blonde, that one right there, and she's coming over to have a three-way with us...' let's say it was your birthday present or something...would that be your fantasy? It's honesty-time. I really want to know." 

She was pressing his thigh right between her legs, looking for just the right pressure point to get her pussy going, as John studied her for a minute, but he didn't see any traps here. 

"OK, yeah," he said eventually. "You and another woman would be...totally hot. But it would have to be...how do I say it...it would have to be about all three of us or, at least, the two of us, as I don't know who this mystery third person is. But it can't be like these movies, where it's all about the guy, it would need to be something we want, which is why...I don't know, which is why I've never pushed it, because I want us to do things, uh, together. You understand?" 

Sarah was sitting up, now, riding John's thigh, one hand on the side of the couch, the other on his chest. The rhythm of her humping him was intoxicating. 

"With the right person, that could be totally hot," John continued. "The fantasy of it, it's...I don't know, I just don't wanna ever mess this up, mess us up, so that would have to be figured out but, right now? I am so fucking... turned on!" 

He looked over to the TV. The scene had switched - all new performers - a raven-haired beauty lying back on the bed, her legs open, a cute, curvy blonde going down on her as a large, muscular football-player type fucked her from behind. 

"So, look at the screen baby," John said, as Sarah continued to grind her pussy into his leg. "Pretend that big guy was me. Now, which girl would you be? The one getting fucked? Or the one getting her cunt licked out? Which would be more fun for you, baby? Do you want a big, fat cock inside you and a wet pussy on your face, or do you want a hot girl eating you out? No, devouring you completely as you watch me fuck her from behind? Huh? I think you like that one best, don't you? Talk to me, baby, tell me what you want, tell me what you want that hot girl to do to you." 

"I want my pussy eaten..." Sarah panted, her eyes glued to the screen as her hips rocked against John's leg. "I want your cock, honey, oh I want it so bad, but I want my pussy eaten more." 

John knew she was speaking in the moment; there was no time to waste. He pushed himself down the couch and placed Sarah's legs either side of him. He was getting hard again, just a few strokes was all it took to get him ready to enter her. She slid onto him easily, her wetness fixing them together as she pivoted her hips to consume him fully. Kneading her palms into his chest, she rocked back and forth against him, her pussy hard and hot against his groin. 

"Think about it baby," John panted. "You're right there, riding me like this, and there's a gorgeous, sexy, hot girl rubbing you, licking you, kissing you...hard, wet kisses on your mouth, on your tits...running her hands across your ass while you fuck me." 

Sarah was getting into this, her eyes half-closed in a dream-like state, every one of his words painting an impossibly horny picture in her head. 

"Maybe she gives you a quick...swat," John continued, reaching behind Sarah and slapping her ass. "Maybe she makes your tight little ass all red as you get fucked. Sound like fun?" 

"Oh yeah..." Sarah moaned, totally lost in the moment. "Fun, yeah...mmmm." 

"Tell me...tell me, as you're fucking me...don't think...just say it. What does she look like? What does the hot girl look like?" 

"Hmmmm...Abby, it's Abby...Justin's mom, from the school." 

"Keep going, baby." 

John arched his back slightly, eager to push his cock as far into her cunt as it would go. He could feel her climax begin to stir. 

"She looks like Abby, but she's not Abby," Sarah continued, rocking faster and harder now, her voice rising in volume. "Big tits, oh yeah...and she's blonde...I like blonde...and fun, I want fun! And she's tall, mmmm, oh, oh fuck, that would be so hot! Her eating my pussy, you kissing me as she rubs me, her fingers in my cunt, fucking me hard right up there, oh, oh god...oh BABY...!" 

John dug his fingers into her hips, pulling her on and off his cock, her head thrown back, beads of perspiration beginning to slide down the side of her neck. 

"I got you, baby..." 

"No, don't speed up, I- I- oh fuck, oh FUCK!!" 

She tensed, as John felt the world around them freeze, like the moment when a ball is thrown in the air and there's a split second when it's neither rising nor falling, it's as high as it can go before the descent begins. Sarah was in that moment, dissolving, before her own fall engulfed her and she collapsed against his chest, cumming and cumming, her belly sliding against his own, her pussy gripped tight around his cock as she released every last ounce of herself onto him. John steadied her above him as she came down, her tits heavy and hot as her lungs battled for breath. She stayed like that, sitting on his cock, loving how it felt inside her aching, hot pussy. 

"Oh God...I sure needed that." she whispered, falling gently upon his chest. 

So, yes, when Sarah had asked "Do you remember 'that' night?" John definitely had. 

Back To Business... 

"John, honey, are you still there?" 

"Yep, just thinking about that night." 

He was hard again, the memory so sharp, so vivid, he wished Sarah was there right now so he could fuck her. 

"I know." Sarah said, "Me too, right? So I've been, you know, thinking about it, for a while now, actually." 

"Thinking about what? Which part? Sarah, baby, if you're gonna start talking dirty to me, then I'm gonna need to go take this call in the bathroom or something, 'cause I'm in a glass room and everybody can-" 

"No!" Sarah cut in, "Although that would be fun..." 

John felt his cock pulse once more. He sat down and crossed his legs, self-conscious, as random people walked past the windows. 

"This will only take a couple of minutes," Sarah continued, her voice a whisper now. "But I've been thinking about that night and I, well, I liked the idea of it. The three of us, you know, another person." 

John re-crossed his legs. His erection was getting impossible to ignore, or hide. 

"O-kay..." he replied, hugging the phone to his ear. 

"So anyway, I, er, I placed an ad." 

"An ad?" 

"I thought it through, the whole thing, for a while now." 

"Go on-" 

"And I knew it couldn't be with someone we knew, like, how awkward, right? 'Hey, Debbie, see you at the bake sale,' the day after she's had her mouth on my pussy. And we aren't bar people, so that's not going to work... So, well, an ad seemed like the best option." 

"Keep going..." 

John still didn't know what the hell to make of what he was hearing. Was this really his wife? 

"So, anyway, the ad..." Sarah went on, talking more quickly. "I was half serious, half-not, I had no idea what I was doing or if anyone would even reply, but I got a ton of replies, even though most of them were just, well, just not right for us." 

"Hold on a minute-" John cut in, still waiting for his brain to catch up. "When you say 'ad', do you mean, like, you posted a photo of us? Wait, please tell me you didn't use names...?" 

"Way ahead of you, sweetie. No pictures, just a few lines to describe us, how it was our first time, how we need someone we both connect with, that kind of thing. We gotta have chemistry, right? So I went through the responses, asked a few questions, narrowed it down to a couple, spoke on the phone...it was like screening for a sitter, really." 

"Wow, you're really serious about this..." 

"Totally. At least, I am now I think I've found somebody..." 

John didn't know how he was going to stop himself from jerking off, right there and then. He let his hand rest gently over his pants, confident that the desk would hide him, then, double-checking that the coast was clear, he slid a couple of fingers inside his zip. 

"You're telling me you've found a woman to- to-" 

"Uh-huh." 

"Fuck..." 

He felt his chest contract, as though to breathe now would actually kill him. 

"Honey?" Sarah asked, her voice a little anxious. "You still there?" 

"Are you sure?" John managed, eventually. "I mean, don't get me wrong, I like the idea...love the idea...but, well, this isn't you. Is it?" 

Watching porn, having great sex, sure, that was what they did, and they did it well but, this...? John knew this was way outside his wife's usual comfort zone, because it was outside of them. Still, he was more than happy to see where this adventure of hers was going. 

"Honestly, sweetie?" Sarah went on. "This is something I've always known I wanted to try, I guess I just felt that I never needed to do it, because I love you and it's not like we don't satisfy each other, right?" 

"Sure, baby." 
