 Wanted:

Male for a threesome. Needs to be 25-30 years, good looking, tall, athletically built, and very well endowed. Must be disease free. We are a young, married couple looking for some diversity in our love life. Email your pic and info to wife_is_curious@hushmail.com and we will email you our pic back if interested.

To: wife_is_curious@fakemail.com

From: tryinsomethinnew@fakemail.com 

Wow! Sounds like a lot of fun, so I decided to roll the dice and reply! lol!!! A little bit about me - I'm 30yrs old, single, Latin, 6'00" tall, 180lbs, 8" long/cut, athletic build, shaved & waxed, squeaky clean, smell great, non-smoker, d&d free, open minded, very friendly & laid back, witty, humorous, intelligent, confident, always respectful of limits, and discreet. I've attached a few pics for you... hope to hear back!

Cheers,

D

To: tyinsomethinnew@fakemail.com

From: wife_is_curious@fakemail.com 

Just out of curiosity, why do you want to have a MMF threesome if you're straight?

~Us

To: wife_is_curious@fakemail.com

From: tryinsomethinnew@fakemail.com 

Hey thanks for the response. Well, I guess the short answer is that I find it a big turn on to see a woman take on two men. I don't want to use language that offends you, but basically, seeing a woman playing the role of a slut in bed is the biggest turn on to me. I am in no way attracted to men, but rather, I am attracted to women who are absolutely wild in the bedroom. I'm generally drawn to doing sexual acts if only because they're 'taboo', and whats more taboo than having two men fuck a woman? 

Since I am new to this, it would be nice to start by watching the two of you at first, and if we are all comfortable, I see it leading to a situation where either the two men just take turns (which would be very hot), or better yet, one of us fucking her while one of us getting sucked off a bit. Enough about me though... what are your fantasies with an MMF threesome? Have you ever had one before? I think with anything like this, you pretty much have to take things as they come and try to let them happen naturally, but how do you imagine it playing out? 

Cheers,

D

To: tyinsomethinnew@fakemail.com

From: wife_is_curious@fakemail.com 

Thanks for being so honest. My wife has always been very interested in a MMF threesome, but, of course, it was always me who was kinda freaked out about it. Its her birthday, however, and I've decided to surprise her with her greatest sexual fantasy.

See, as great as our sex life is, my wife has always wanted something more. She's very kinky. We've tried all kinds of different positions, though doggie style is her personal favorite. Then we've experimented with a few toys -- dildos, vibrators, butt plugs, bondage with scarves. Finally, I just decided to do something more.

I'm really not sure what to expect. I can't even tell you what her reaction will be -- you see, I want it to be a complete surprise. What I would like, however, is for you and I to meet at least once. As great as the internet thing is for doing stuff like this, I can't just take you on faith.

So, if you're really serious, meet me at the J Street Café, this Friday at noon for lunch. Attached is a pic of my wife and I. Hopefully it'll encourage you to come.

~ Cassidy

~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Cassidy?" A young man asked. When I nodded, he smiled and offered a hand. "Dante Navarro."

"Nice to meet you."

"Likewise." I looked around the café, a simple downtown dive where many of my professional colleagues spent their lunch hours. Even now, I could look around and spot a half a dozen acquaintances; two lawyers chatting animatedly, a judge staring off into space, the administrative assistant who worked at my office was whittling the time away with the lady who came in every Friday to water the plants. It made me smile to think what any one of those acquaintances would say if they knew what the purpose of my lunch appointment (which they would undoubtedly think it was) was actually about.

For a short time, we spoke of the inconsequential - the weather, the history of the café, how well the city's minor baseball team was playing this season - just so we could get a feel for each other. As promised, Dante was a well spoken man, with a dry sense of humor, and with an peculiar sense of honor that didn't quite jive with why we were meeting.

"Do you own a tux?"

"As a matter of fact, I do. Its just not my usual uniform of choice."

"That's great. I'd like to surprise her tomorrow night. She's going out for dinner with some friends. I thought we could be waiting there for her when she gets home all dressed up."

"Ironically romantic."

"It it, isn't it? But I think she'd enjoy the contradiction as much as she would be amused by it."

"Well, it sounds good to me."

For the next few minutes our conversation turned away from the birthday surprise, but then he suddenly brought us back to it.

"Your wife is quite lovely."

"She is, thank you."

"You won't have a problem sharing her with me?"

"Perhaps a little. She is my wife, after all." I hesitated, thinking through my answer. Then, shaking my head, I answered, "Regardless of what happens tomorrow night, I know that she loves me. No matter how much fun she has fucking you, no matter how many times you make her come, I know that I have nothing to worry about."

"That's good, cause she will love fucking me - no - fucking us. We'll make her come so many times tomorrow, that she'll be in a sexual daze for the rest of the weekend."

"Perfect."

~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Honey?" I could hear her calling from the living room where she always took off her shoes when coming home. The next time her voice rose in search of me, it was closer; she was probably coming down the hallway; "Cassidy? Where are you?"

The bedroom door swung open, and, in the dim lighting, I saw her delightfully surprised face take in the soft ambiance of the room. Lit candles were scattered around the room in little votive holders. The scent of the freshly cut roses filled the air with its heady perfume. She saw me first, as I stood beside the bed, which was turned down with recently washed sheets. When she realized that there was another presence in the room, her eyes widened and questioned mine with silent curiosity.

"Jess, honey, let me introduce you to Dante Navarro," I paused, adding just the right amount of anticipation to her rising curiosity, "your birthday present."

"What?" Her reaction was exactly what I had hoped: the initial confusion that quickly gives way to realization, and then excitement. Instead of explaining, I gestured to Dante.

"My, my, my. I knew she was beautiful, Cassidy, but I had no idea that she would be so exquisite in real life." He came up behind her, and traced a finger up her arm. "So soft," he leaned in and drank in the scent of my wife, "so sweet."

I walked over and stood before her, our large bodies trapping her, "Words and pictures alone couldn't describe my Jessica." I leaned in to nip gently at her jaw line, "A picture can't show how a room lights up when she enters, and the words can't express the joy of seeing her beautiful face."

"Cassidy?" Jess's voice was a hoarse whisper.

"Shhh, my love," I whispered against her lips, before taking them gently with mine.

From behind, Dante pressed his muscled body flush against her backside. With his hands gliding up the curve of her hips and his mouth exploring the tender skin just behind her left ear, he begged, "Let us love you."

"Oh my god," she groaned, and I knew that she had relinquished her control to us. Still dressed, she was already lost in the sensations of four hands seeking over her body; two mouths igniting her passions; two hard bodies pressed up against her gracefully petite form. I could only imagine what was spinning through her mind right now.

As I stepped back, Jess's eyes opened sleepily. "Oh, Cassidy," she sighed, as Dante nibbled down to where her shoulder met her neck, "you look so handsome."

"Only for you, my love." I sat down on the vanity chair which I had placed so that it had a great view of the bed. It was strange, watching another man laying my wife down upon our marriage bed. Strange to see her lithe arms wrapping around his neck as they kissed. Her mouth opened eagerly beneath his, as if she had known him all her life. Tongues met and mated, caressed and battled. Those sweet little sounds she made for me during our love making, were now being made for someone else. 

Slowly, the body that had been mine exclusively for the past five years was being revealed to a complete stranger. As Dante unbuttoned each button, he planted an open mouth kiss on the offered skin. Jess arched with each kiss and touch, and pleaded for more. Her shirt was gone, and my wife was holding Dante's head to her breast. His lips were toying with her distended nipples; nipping and playing with the tender buds. All the while, his clever fingers were busily working on the buttons and zippers on her slacks. When he finally pulled away from her, he took the last of her clothing with him.

I stood up, and walked to stand next to my wife's new lover. Together we gazed down at the nude form. She was, without a doubt, a work of art. Her lovely face was beautifully serene as the women from a long ago era of class and style. Though small, her body was perfectly proportional; a model's body shrunk a half a foot. Her breasts were small, but fit perfectly in the palm of my hand. Her stomach was flat, but for the subtle ridges of muscle and the slight depression of her navel. Her hips and waist formed a perfect hourglass, and her legs were long and slender. My favorite, though, her feet, which are adorably tiny.

All this, we saw as we stood over her, and I could see the telltale traces of lust her beauty was causing in Dante. Oddly, I was even more aroused to see this very handsome man aroused by my wife.

"Glorious," said Dante, as he drew an invisible line over her abdomen. His hand was a dark contrast against her fair coloring, like a shadow cast by the light of the moon crossing over her skin in the night. Jess arched into his touch, and my desire surged powerfully in the confinement of my pants. Who could have guessed that my wife's greatest fantasy could become my own?

I slid onto the bed beside her, and propped her into a sitting position on my lap, so that the valley her tight, heart shaped ass cradled my straining cock. "Touch him," I breathed into her ear, then begged, "Unwrap your present, Jess."

As my tongue wound its way along the shell of her ear, I watched as she reached out boldly to Dante with a delicately petite hand. Through the expensive fabric, she rubbed the shaft that had tented his tailored slacks. I felt her purr when she felt his thick power, and I sucked her lobe - as I know she loves - into my mouth in encouragement. She twisted the button free with a flick of her fingers, and lowered the zipper with erotic indolence.

Dante's cock had pushed itself through the slit in his black, silk boxers, and so, once released from his slacks, it sprung confidently free. Jess sucked in a deep breath at the size of this man. Even I was a little amazed, and then was pleased that I managed to find such a remarkable specimen for my wife's pleasure.

She could not circle his width with one of her hands, we quickly discovered when she took a hold of him, and his length was probably the equal to four of her fists. His dark skin was stretched tautly over his arousal, so that the long vein that fed it throbbed visibly to us both. A thick head topped it impressively, and my wife immediately leaned forward to lick off the bead of semen that had collected there.

The other man groaned harshly when her tongue flicked out to catch that pearly white liquid. Jess froze at the sound, her mouth hovering an inch over him, as she looked up at him. 

Her emerald eyes seem to glow at him in the soft candlelight. Her nose was small, like the rest of her, yet perkily sloped upward at the tip. High cheek bones arched exotically, and the bow shaped mouth he had just been focusing on was pursed into a playful pout. All of this was surrounded by long, shimmering black hair. She was like an innocent little angel, with a naughty side just waiting for the right moment to come out to play.

She didn't wait for his urging, nor mine, before she opened her sweet tasting mouth to take in Dante's thick head. This time we two men groaned; him from the exquisitely silky feel of her mouth (and god, did I know how exquisite that mouth could be), and me from the unexpected surge of lust that coursed through my body as I watched my wife suck on another man's dick like it was a lollypop.

It was a heady sensation, and I suddenly understood something that Dante had mentioned in one of his emails. He said he loved to see a woman playing the part of a slut. And how, indeed, could a woman be more of a slut than by fucking two men at once? I couldn't wait to watch as Dante pounded his massive cock into my beloved wife's pussy as she let me come deep in her throat. I couldn't wait to have her screaming with the pleasure of everything we had planned for that night. The gangbangs, the toys, the leather and bondage... every sinful act of carnal delight we could devise flashed through my mind in lightning speed, and I couldn't wait to begin.

I didn't know if Jessica and I could ever make love the way we had before tonight, nor did I particularly care at that moment. 

While my mind was working overtime in the fantasy department, Jess had slowly been pulling more and more of Dante into her mouth. Though she could fully take my length, the other man was far larger than my own respectfully endowed size. Her mouth was opened wide, and her plump lips had stretched into thin lines to accommodate him, yet there was still inches to take. She came up to lubricate him with her tongue. Licking and slurping her way down, it was soon gleaming from the wet warmth of her mouth. She tried again, bobbing her head up and down over him. 

Knowing she was trying too hard, I strove to distract her. Jessica's body jolted when my fingers began probing the moist folds of her womanhood. With the ease of a longtime lover, I found the nub of her clit, and began rubbing it in a way that had always made her instantly wet. 

"Ohh," she moaned. When I slid my fingers inside, quickly finding the spot within that could make her scream, she called out, "Yes, baby, more!"

For a moment she was still, enjoying the waves of pleasure that I brought to her. Then she began sucking Dante's dick back in her mouth in earnest, her head now bobbing in time with the expert flicks of my fingers.

Each thrust of her mouth called for an answering thrust of Dante's hips, until he was thrusting himself down her opened throat. She couldn't completely take him into her mouth, so she compensated by fisting her hands around him. To Dante, it felt as if she had extended the reach of her mouth, and his groans and gentle thrusts turned into wild shouts and a bucking piston of his hips. 

Suddenly he jerked violently, and Jess - as she always did with me whenever I came - cupped his balls in her hand. She massaged him with one hand, while milking every drop of semen from his cock with her mouth. Dante shuddered once more, before staggering back and collapsing on the vanity chair like a sack of potatoes.

Jess's attention, however, was now focused on me. As soon as she had released Dante, I had pushed her down on the bed. With one hand, I fought with the buttons to my pants. The other was searching through the bedside table that held the assortment of toys we had pleasured ourselves with over the past few years. I was finally liberated from the tight restriction of my pants, and I abandoned the bedside search and plunged frantically into her dripping wet pussy.

Again and again, I slammed into Jess, taking out on her the desperate rapacity that had taken hold of me. When the initial, sadistic lust had been slaked - but by no means sated - a quick hunt produced the perfect tool out of the nightstand. The blood was still singing through my veins like Odysseus's sirens, luring me to paradise. Jessica was viciously rubbing her clit - keeping herself primed - while moaning and whimpering a melody that wove an even more seductive spell around me.

I flipped her onto her stomach, and her ass immediately rose in trusting anticipation of whatever I had in store for her. Kneeing her legs wider - so that her sex was at its most exposed, most vulnerable - I rubbed a thick vibrator against her clit. The pulsations of the toy against such a sensitive spot elicited a rapturous cry from her, as she convulsed with her first orgasm. Then, without soliciting permission, I shoved the large toy deep in her pussy.

"Harder!" she screamed, and I pushed it in again with more force than before. Then I let the toy go, allowing it to work its pleasure deep inside, as I mounted her from behind.

It was then that I noticed Dante. He was still sitting in the vanity chair, slumped to the side as if in defeat, only now he was vigorously pumping his swelling cock with one hand as he watched our fierce play. His dark eyes glittered in the dark with unconcealed hunger as they gazed over the erotic scene before him. Our eyes connected over my wife's defenseless position, and I shot him a mischievous grin as I thrust myself into the puckered ring of Jessica's ass.

"Yes! Oh, yes!" Jessica was sobbing, as the waves of her climax continued to batter her senses. I could feel the rippling of her inner muscles tightening around me; the good vibrations of the toy from which I was only separated from by a thin membrane; the unbelievably tight encasement of my cock buried in her delectable little ass; the sweet feel of her supple skin beneath my hard body. 

Unmoving, I closed my eyes to relish the mind-blowing sensations. Then I ground my hips into her ass, and then all the way slid out. Jessica held her breath, waiting for the shock of being filled in ways the human body was not meant to be filled. Moments later, when I felt the muscles in her body begin to relax just a little, I drove my cock back in. Again and again, I pummeled her body with earth quaking intensity. The harsh smack of skin on skin echoed through the room, drumming a ruthless beat to which our mingled cries followed.

Somehow knowing - as she always knew - Jess reached between her legs to cup my balls with her hand. She squeezed me tightly, shooting a fleeting pain through me that pushed me over the edge. With a loud roar, I forced my cock deep in her welcoming embrace, and let go.

I resurfaced minutes later, still imbedded in my wife's ass, with the vibrator humming happily alongside. After extracting myself from her, I laid on my back, wheezing from my recent exertion.

Jessica laughed huskily, and asked, "I bet it's hot in that suit."

"It's a tux, and yes, it's sweltering."

"Well, you look dashing in it," she chuckled some more, "even with your dick hanging out of it."

I grunted, and swatted a playful hand against the ass I had just abused with delicious results.

"And you look bloody magnificent in nothing at all," a voice said from across the room.

Jessica swiveled her head around to look at Dante, who had been silently sitting in the vanity chair all that time. "What'r you doing over there?" Her words were slurred; the rough and rowdy threesome had tired her out, and her eyes were sleepily drifting closed.

"Watching." He paused, "Making a mess of myself, I'm afraid."

My wife hazard another glance in his direction to see Dante swiping at the leg of his pants with a towel. "Mmm... Perhaps you should just take those off, and come to bed."

"Perhaps I shall."

As Dante undressed across the room, Jessica helped me out of my tux, and soon she had two naked men in bed with her. I spooned against her cushioned backside, and she tucked her head into the crook of Dante's shoulder. His hand fondled a breast tenderly, and I slid a hand between her thighs to lightly stoke her still sensitive clit.
