 In the previous chapter, I told how I had used the excuse of interviewing our accountant Rodney for a promotion, and I had gotten myself invited to his home for dinner with him and his wife Janet. With some not-so-subtle references to him having to be a "company man" and together with his wife having to be a "company couple", I ended up having some very satisfying sex with both of them. They were both very inexperienced sexually, so the sex I had with them was not only very good for me, but they both got to experience oral and anal sex for the first time, and lost much of their inhibitions.

After Rodney got his promotion, which he would have gotten anyway, and I had hired Gloria, a woman in her mid-thirties as his replacement, he came into my office one day and asked some general job-related question, but then hung around with something else obviously on his mind. I finally got out of him that he and Janet would like to have me out to their place for dinner again the following week. He stammered a little as he offered the invitation, so I guessed that the dinner would consist not only of a meal, but a repeat, perhaps, of our sexual threesome.

"Why certainly, I'd be happy to," I answered Rodney. "I think it worked out nicely last time, didn't it?"

"Oh, yes," he replied while looking down at his shoes in an embarrassed manner.

"Did you like what we three did last time?" I asked teasingly.

"Yes, very much," Rodney answered.

"Did you like what I did with you?" 

"Uh-huh," he answered, starting to look up toward me.

"Would you like me to do that with you again?"

"Yes, I would," he replied while looking directly at me.

"Would you like to do that again right now?"

"Oh, very much," he answered.

With that encouragement, I came around from behind my desk, opened my pants and pulled down my shorts enough to get my cock out in the open. Without another word, Rodney took my cock in his hand, stroked it a few times, then leaned forward and took it into his mouth. I closed my eyes and savored the wetness of his mouth, and as his head started to bob up and down on my hardening dick, I made myself remember how soft and delicate his wife's mouth felt when she had sucked on it just days ago. When he had gotten me hard enough with his increasing oral talents, I pulled away from him and turned him around to lean across my desk while I got a tube of oily hand cream from one of my desk drawers. I told him to pull down his pants and shorts and had him spread his cheeks while I oiled up my finger. I slowly pushed a finger into his ass, and when he gave a loud sigh, I pushed a second finger into him. As he had done in my earlier visit to his home, he started to rock back against my fingers, so I added a third finger and soon had all three buried up into his ass. 

My cock was still hard from Rodney's sucking, so I put some the lube on it, pointed it at his widened puckered hole and pushed the tip of it in. I waited a few seconds for him to get used to it, and then pushed a little deeper. He didn't seem to pull away for me at all, so I pulled almost all the way out, and then in one stroke went into his ass all the way up to my balls. Rodney grunted, and then pushed back, seemingly wanting to get my cock into his ass even deeper. Within about thirty seconds we had a rhythm going, pulling almost all the way out, then back in deep and hard. I closed my eyes and imagined that it was Rodney's wife that I was again ass fucking, that my hips were bumping against her soft cheeks, and remembered how her tits swayed as I plunged into her.

My good memories were suddenly interrupted when my office door opened and the new accountant, Gloria, walked into the room. She stopped in her tracks when she saw the scene in front of her. I waited for her to say something or bolt from the office, but she just stood there gazing wide-eyed at Rodney and I.

Finally I said, "Well, don't just stand there, close the door." I kept up a slow stroking motion in Rodney's ass as I watched Gloria, without taking her eyes off us, push the door closed. "It's ok," I encouraged her, "you can come over here and watch if you'd like." I knew these few seconds would be the test, Gloria could suddenly flee the room, she could scream, she could say some really bad things to Rodney and I, or she could accept what she was seeing and perhaps be interested in it.

She slowly walked over to us with her eyes focused on the spot where my cock was still slowly stroking into Rodney. For maybe the first time I really looked at her in other than a boss to employee manner. Her light brown hair was medium length and well cut, her eyes were hazel, and although I was sure she must be wearing makeup, it wasn't obvious. Her white blouse with one or two buttons undone covered what appeared to be a very generous chest, and her blue skirt came to just a little below her knees. Her clothes, while not looking overly expensive, were stylish, and I remembered her saying during her interview that she was divorced, so it appeared that perhaps she was drawing from an ex-husband's money.

For her benefit I stroked extra slowly into Rodney's ass. I backed my cock out until all but just the tip of it was showing, then just as slowly pushed myself back in until I was buried balls deep into him again. Gloria watched intently, her eyes glued to the point of contact between Rodney and I, and her hands absently rubbing up and down the sides of her skirt. I did this slow motion several more times and watched as Gloria started to breathe deeply through a half open mouth and her eyes took on a strange sparkle. Finally I withdrew from Rodney completely and turned so that my engorged cock was pointing directly at Gloria. I heard her breath catch in her throat as she gazed at my cock, so I took the chance of bringing her hand up to it.

I held my breath, not knowing if she would acquiesce, or smack my face and run from the room, but I let my breath out as I felt her hand close gently around my cock. I lay my hand over hers to get her to start stroking it. As she did, I saw that Rodney had pushed away from where he was leaning over the desk and had his eyes fastened on Gloria's hand as she stroked me. I motioned him over to me and had him bend down to take my cock in his mouth. He bobbed his head up and down on it in time with Gloria's stroking. As she watched the action on my dick intently I took the opportunity to reach down and feel her tits. She felt so soft that I wondered for a moment if she was wearing a bra at all, but decided that it was just a soft cloth bra without any wires or padding in it. Through the two layers of cloth I could feel her nipples hardening, and although she continued to stroke me I could see that her eyes were closed.

At this point I felt that perhaps I needed some insurance against any later claim that, as her boss, I had forced Gloria into doing something that she didn't want to do, but felt pressured to do it. I sort of pushed Rodney away from me, then gently took Gloria's hand from my cock. I held her hand, then said, "Gloria, you don't have to do any of this. You could walk out of this room right now and it would never, ever, be held against you. Your professional career wouldn't be hurt in any way if you said you didn't want to continue here."

She took several beats before she raised her eyes from my cock to my face, but then said, "No, please don't make me leave. It's not something that I've ever seen or done before, not like this anyway, but I do want to go on and see what happens."

"What's going to happen, Gloria," I warned her, "Is if you stay, you're going to be fucked by both of us. Now, if you want that, go ahead and pull off your panties."

She hesitated for a moment, looking nervously at Rodney, then kicked off her shoes, pulled up her skirt to her waist, then pulled her white panties down to her feet and pushed then off to the side. She kept her skirt up and I could see that her pussy was partially shaved. I glanced at Rodney, who still had his pants down to his ankles, and I could see that his small cock was sticking straight out, obviously at the sight of the first pussy, other than his wife's, that he had ever seen.

I took Gloria by the hand, led her over to my desk, and had her bend over in the same position that Rodney had been just minutes earlier. Her ass was soft and rounded, and I could just imagine how it would feel pushed up against me when I would fuck her. I pushed her legs apart a little, and rubbed my fingers along the edge of her pussy lips. She felt slippery, so I pushed my fingers into her deeper. I leaned along her side and whispered that I could feel that she was so wet and ready for a cock, and how good this was going to feel for all three of us. I had three fingers in her, and her pussy was starting to make wet sounds as I stroked my fingers in and out . She was making little noises as she pushed back against my hand, and as I motioned Rodney over to watch, I took my fingers out and replaced them with my cock. By this time she was so wet that I speared myself into her with one stroke, hard and fast, and to my amazement, Gloria gave several little grunts, then one deep cry, and I felt her pussy muscles spasming around my cock as she came.

I slowly stroked in and out of her a few more times, marveling at how the insides of Gloria's pussy seemed to massage me all along my shaft, then took my cock out and motioned Rodney to take my place. As he entered her he closed his eyes, and I wondered how it felt to him to be in a pussy other than his wife's for the first time.

I moved up to position my cock, wet with her juices, at Gloria's face. By this time she was over her orgasm and was eagerly pushing back against Rodney's cock. As soon as she saw my cock, she moved her head to the side to take it, juices and all, into her mouth. She took part of my cock in, moved back out, took more in, and by her third effort she had taken me all in and her lips were up against my pubic hair. I withdrew from her mouth just a little, then pushed back in, withdrew again, pushed in again, and in a few seconds I was fucking Gloria's mouth. I looked over at Rodney and saw that his eyes were still closed, but his pace in fucking Gloria's cunt was picking up. I guessed that he was close to cumming, so I reluctantly pulled my cock from Gloria's mouth and told Rodney to take my place. He positioned his cock, still dripping with the juices from her pussy, next to Gloria's mouth, and she eagerly took it in.

I took the tube of cream that I had used to lubricate Rodney's ass earlier, and moved around behind Gloria. Her pussy was shiny with her juices and wide open after being fucked by two different cocks. I effortlessly pushed my dick into her, moved out, and then slammed back into her hard and deep. Gloria grunted around Rodney's cock, and pushed back against me in an effort to get me in even deeper. I held my position hard up against her ass, then took some of the lubricant on my thumb and spread it around Gloria's asshole. She grunted even harder as my lubricated thumb pushed into her ass. I moved it around, pushed it all the way in and could feel her sphincter muscle starting to relax. Her wet cunt made a slopping sound as I took my cock out, and as I positioned it at her little puckered hole I could see Gloria's head bobbing fast along Rodney's dick, and he in turn was pumping fast into Gloria's mouth.

I gave my hard cock a little push, and the head popped into Gloria's ass. I held it there for a second or two, and then pushed a little harder. Gloria was making deep guttural sounds in time to my slow short strokes, and when I was finally all the way into her ass I saw her body shudder and her muscle convulsed around my cock. At the same time I heard Rodney gasping, then slumping over Gloria as he emptied his load of cum into her mouth. She swallowed it all down, adding to her own orgasm, and I took advantage of the situation to start fucking Gloria's ass in earnest. I leaned over her, feeling her ass cheeks against my hips, and reached around to her breasts. I could feel her nipples through her thin blouse and bra, and I squeezed them tightly as I stroked my cock into her ass. I stroked hard and deep, and in a moment or two Gloria was pushing back against me, matching her strokes to mine. We both were grunting at the same time, and the feeling started to build in me, almost a chill as I felt the cum building up. Then it was almost at the head of my dick, and I slapped hard into Gloria's ass, then stopped and let the feeling of the cum spurting out of me overcome my senses. I filled her ass with spurt after spurt of my cum, and when it was almost done I resumed stroking into her, slowly and easily, until I felt that I had filled her ass with my entire load.

I had cum so hard into Gloria's ass that my knees felt weak, so I just lay over her for a few moments until my breathing started to return to normal. Gloria was making little sounds that almost seemed like she was purring. I finally slipped my softening dick from her ass with a little slurping sound and stood up. Gloria stood up also, then turned and knelt in front of me to take my cock in her mouth. She sucked on it slowly and gently, milking whatever traces might be left of my cum. I started a slow stroking motion into her mouth in time with her rhythm, but I realized that would soon get me hard again, so I reluctantly pulled my cock away from her mouth, kissed her softly on her forehead, and said, "Maybe we should quit for the day and make ourselves presentable in case someone else should walk in on us."

Both Gloria and Rodney agreed, and Gloria, with her panties bunched up in her hand and with a smile for Rodney and I, headed for the ladies' room to fuss over her appearance. "Rodney," I said after a moment, "I know you invited just me for dinner at your place next week, but I think I'd certainly want to bring Gloria along. " 

"Oh, yes, please do," said Rodney. "I think she'd fit right in."

And with that he stepped out the door, and all I could do was to look around my office, remembering what had just taken place there, and think, "Wow!"