 Chapter 4: Sideshow Terry

She held the kiss forever and opened my lips with her tongue. Her long tongue probed my mouth. I returned the favor, being caught up in the moment. I grabbed her bare shoulders, broke the kiss and looked her again in her dilated eyes, this time with astonishment. Here I am with this young goddess that I've had sex dreams about since she was old enough to have a figure. I've even closed my eyes having sex with Barb and envisioned being with Terry, and not just a few times. But that was strictly fantasy territory. Well at least up until now! 

"I want you to fuck me…now!" Did she say that out loud, or was it I? 

"Now stand up," she ordered. I heard her say that. 

Like an obedient child I sprang to my feet. She turned my hips toward her and unzipped my fly. She pulled my pants down and over my feet. My hard cock strained to escape my shorts. I turned my head to the fucking sounds coming from the bed. Barb has shed her bra and Jim has her legs spread wide and hoisted her up. His hefty hunk of meat was deep inside her pussy. He's got a hold of both her hips and gyrated hard against her pussy. She screamed in delight and pain, struggling to take in every bit of him.

Suddenly I feel my cock exposed as Terry pulled down my shorts. I looked down at her sweet, red lips as she softly kissed the tip of my dick. She licked off some precum and pushed me away, just far enough to reach around her back and unzip her bustier. Out tumbled those two huge pleasure pillows with nipples erect. She gazed up at me with half open eyes as she took hold of each tit and massaged it from rib cage to nipple. 

"This is what you want." She whispered. 

She reached around my waist with both hands and fixed her long nails into my ass cheeks. My dick throbbed as she let it slide between her tits. She began sliding my dick up and down her sacred valley, stopping occasionally to bend down and suck the end of my hardon. She let go of my ass, took my cock in one hand and started deep-throating me. She took it in to the hilt and then did something truly amazing. Her swallowing muscle, deep in her throat, tightened around the head of my prick. It tightened and released in a slow rhythm and I felt ready to explode. 

With her other hand she lubricated three of her fingers with her pussy juice and brought it to my lips. I took all three fingers into my mouth and sucked them dry. She stopped her deep throat technique and pulled my swollen cock in and out faster and faster. She had it so coated with her saliva that the sucking sound turned into slobbering. She took out my dick and painted her entire face with it. After wiping off the excess saliva she returned my cock to her mouth, where she used nothing but her teeth. 

Terry is one of those lovely creatures with a tiny overbite I always thought was so sexy. Now I knew why. No more sucking. She grated her teeth along my shaft, in and out. After a couple minutes of that, she finished up by licking and lightly sucking my balls. Never once did she loosen her tight grip on the base of my cock. I'm afraid if she had I would have blown my cum all over that pretty face. Saying that I'm ready to unload is an understatement. 

The main show, back in bed, was my wife doing it doggy style with Jim standing next to the edge of the bed. Barb was in hay heaven, as Jim's groin slapped over and over against her sopping cunt. I've got to give her pussy some credit. She's taking that big ole salami in all the way! Terry, fresh from her fantastic blowjob. Glances up to catch me watching the bed scene. 

"There you go, watching again!" she says, this time without whispering. 

She got up from the love seat and pulled me over to the bed by my prick and stood with her back to the length of the bed. Giggling again, she took a backward plunge into the mattress. She shifted her body over to line up her face under Barbs' face. 

"How's it going girlfriend?" asked Terry in the Afro-chant. "You're such a fucking slut Barb. Here it's the first time you do it with my guy, and you have to go back for seconds!" she laughed. 

Barb finally stopped her ass pumping long enough to muster a coy smile and gave her a quick kiss on the lips. I'm got a kick from the funny dialog and look down at Terry fingering herself again. She just kept quacking away at Barb and Jim, while I get down on both knees between her legs. She didn't seem to notice when I began kissing and licking her knees and up to her inner thighs. I spread her legs just enough and joined her masturbating fingers with my tongue. She took her hand away and grabbed my hair to pull my head tight to her twat. 

"Ooooh Baby!" Terry's moaned as I ate away at her luscious cunt. 

Barb became pretty vocal with Jim, who has grabbed her tits for handles. He continued to deep fuck her with the salami. "Fuck me you bastard. Give it to me hard!". 

By now Terry was cuming and announced, "Honey, I'm gonna fuck your husband." 

It finally occurred to Barb, as she looked down at Terry's pussy that I was the reason for Terry's orgasm. I looked up from Terry's pussy and saw Barb starring at me. Her lustful visage relaxed for that moment and she slowly formed a smile. I knew right then our marriage had not been jeopardized and if it was cool for her to do that young stud, then it must be OK for me to fuck darling Terry. Terry saw our shared expressions and decided that was enough for her. 

"Come up here Donny." 

I didn't hesitate and mounted her face to face, my stiff dick rubbing against the top of her twat. She reached down and put my cock in her pussy. Barb turned her head to meet mine, which put us nose to nose. Barb kissed me with her tongue. 

"You've wanted this little slut for quite some time" she stated. I nodded with a smile. "So fuck her. Fuck her good and make me proud." 

"No problem!" I said. 

Terry was already moaning and grinding her cunt against me. I grabbed both her long legs and locked them over my forearms, raising her ass off the bed. I didn't want Barb to miss a stroke, or Jim for that matter. I began plunging in slowly at first, making sure I wouldn't cum right away. Terry's hands went down flat on the mattress and she let out a scream. 

"Oh God, that's good! Fuck me Donny, fuck me!" 

Jim seemed to have seen enough and stiffened his back. I could see he was on the brink. Barb, still doggy style was just about spent when he exploded. Not wanting to cum inside her, perhaps out of some respect for me, he grabbed the base of his cock. He whipped it out of her cunt and began stroking it from base to tip, each stroke tighter and faster. Barb turned her ass around just in time to catch his spouting cum all over her face, eyes and open mouth. He stood at the edge of the bed as Barb knelt in front of him and sucked his spewing cock for remains. His cock finally went limp. 

He bent down and kissed her cum soaked lips and whispered, "Thanks, Barb, that was great!" 

All this action wasn't lost on Terry and me. We took it all in, while I pumped her with my cock and massaged those beautiful tits. Terry is a pretty wild fuck. We went at it for about 20 minutes. Every time I would get to a climax she'd reach down and squeeze the base of my dick until I stopped humping her. Needless to say, I was working up to one hell of a climax myself. Jim had gone off to clean up. Barb inched herself over on the bed to get a better view of us fucking. With her face pretty close to Terry's she started stroking and licking Terry's tits. Terry's eyes were in a trance, but realized it was Barb doing the tit kissing. She half opened her eyes to see Barb's face still soaked with Jim's cum. 

"Come here baby," she said and started licking Jim's sperm from Barb's face. I switched positions about that time. I moved Terry's right leg up and over my head so I was fucking her now from behind laying on my side. 

"Oh, that's one of our favorite positions, Donny." She remarked. 

I didn't miss a stroke. Still pumping away at Terry's tight pussy, and watching her and Barb exchanging cum filled kisses, was about all I could take. 

"I'm coming!" I yelled, thrusting with all my might into her cunt. 

"Wait honey, give it to me!" cried Barb, as she slid down next to Terry's pussy and pulled out my cock. 

She thrust it into her mouth just as I exploded. I had wanted to unload inside Terry, but Barb pumped and sucked my cock in deeper and deeper and swallowed the last drop. I felt completely satisfied. Barb continued sucking and licking my semi limp dick for quite awhile. She knew I liked that. 

Barb and I sixty-nined on the bed next to Terry. Every once in a while Terry would tickle my balls or suck at Barb's tits. She was still hot and horny. Jim came back from the bathroom with his underwear on and was buttoning up his shirt. 

"Just where do you think you're going, stud?" asked Terry with a smirk.

"Hey babe, I am worn out. Time to hit the road." He walked to the bed as Terry, on her knees, reached up to kiss him. 

"What's a-matter, did poor Jimmy shoot all his rocks off?" Terry condescended. She went on, "So you only want to fuck Barb, is that it?" She said, a little perturbed. 

Barb and I watched her banter develop into a tickling match then a shoving battle. She had baited him and wouldn't let go until she was satisfied. After getting him into the bed and rolling him over, she jumped sat on his chest holding his arms down. She bent over and kissed him smartly. Soon she started trying to kiss him deeper. He didn't seem to take to that and turned his head away from her.

Chapter 5: Terry Gets Her Way

"OK, she stated, I guess I can't play fair with you Jim." 

Still naked, she lifted her ass up and brought her wet pussy down on his mouth. Barb and I are laughing at the sight of Terry trying to force- feed her boy friend her hair pie. 

"You're not going anywhere young man, until you fuck me too!" she exclaimed. "…and Barb is going to help." 

Barb and I looked at each other with question marks. "What do you mean girl?" asked Barb. 

Terry went on, "See, I've got this top thing figured out. It's you're job to get the bottom half working." 

Barb smiled and knew immediately what she meant. She got up. Walked around the bed and bent down to pull his shorts off. She lay down next to him, took hold of his limp dick and started fondling it. 

"Jim, old man, I think they have you at a disadvantage." I continued, in my worst English accent. "You might as well surrender. Hang out the white flag, and all that." 

Jim couldn't verbally reply, as his mouth was buried in Terry's bush. He gave out a "humph", giving in to the situation. I'm thinking… must be terrible to be young, tall, dark, handsome, and hung like a horse, what a bitch! Ever so slowly, Jim's slurping is getting louder and Barb's job is showing more promise. Barb's got him about half way hard (which is already more than most guys have will a full erection). Terry has certainly taken on a different tone. Her head flung back, long blond locks trailing down her back; she grabs her tits and starts riding Jim's tongue. She bucking so hard, I think she'll break his nose. Barb brought Jim's cock to full erection and was hand jacking him fast to keep it up. 

"One, fresh, hard hunk of meat ready for fucking" said Barb, tapping Terry on her shoulder. 

Terry removed her wet pussy from Jim's swollen face and turned around to straddle him with her back to his face. With a long leg on either side of his hips, she eased her pussy down on his fabled salami. At once she was on fire. Gyrating, grinding and bouncing up and down on his cock like there's no tomorrow. Is she doing this to show off for us or has she really gone over the edge? Barb gives me a look like "What the hell?" Maybe she's gone nympho or something. I looked down at Jim for a reaction. 

"Don't worry, she gets this way every now and then. Just have to ride it out." He said. 

Barb, thinking she could calm her down, went around the bed to face her and gently stroked her arms. This only got Terry going more. She was definitely loving the trance she was in and wanted to share it with Barb. Still riding high and hard on Jim's cock, she reached out for Barb's tits and grabbed them tight. Barb moved closer to Terry to soothe her with kisses. Terry broke her trance long enough to give Barb a full mouth and tongue kiss. She lowered her hand to start fingering Barb. Barb tried to turn aside but Terry had found her clit immediately and was finger fucking her to orgasm. Terry's huge boobs were now flying up and down. Barb grabbed them to slow down the sex express, but Terry now had Barb's juices flowing. They were both on track to climax together when the phone rang. 

"Oh shit, who could be calling NOW?" I answered the phone. It was Janet, Terry's mom and Barb's best friend. 

"Well you're home early today, Don. How's it going? Say have you seen Terry?" she asked. 

"Yeah, Janet, she's here…with Jim… but she's kind of busy right now. Can I take a message?" I replied with a nervous laugh. 

"Oh Jim's there, Gosh, I haven't seen him for months. Tell Barb and Terry I'm on my way over." 

Before I could react, she hung up. Barb had cum from Terry's finger fucking and was now fingering Terry's throbbing clit, as she continued deep fucking Jim. Terry's orgasm came in waves. I was getting hard again just taking in Terry's sublime ecstasy. One or two more screams of utter rapture and she fell on to the bed. Jim's cock was worn raw and sperm coated from this crazy fuck. He lay motionless and noticeably drained. 

"So, who was that on the phone?" Barb asked. 

"Oh, that was Janet" I said. 

"Janet!" yelled Terry. "What the hell does she want?" 

I replied, "I don't really know. When she heard Jim was here, she said she was on her way over, and hung up on me." 

"Oh my God, Jim you gotta get out of here quick!" Terry said. 

Everyone started gathering clothes and coming to their senses. Terry must have seen my puzzled look. "Don, we've been telling everyone that Jim and I have broke up because of Janet!" Terry started to explain. 

Barb continued, "See, Janet has this thing for Jim, well actually all men in general. After her divorce, she thinks all men are assholes and she's trying to make sure Terry can never be happy with any man." 

"She probably just needs a stiff cock up her cunt." laughed Terry.

Chapter 6: Janet's Story

Janet is what you might describe as the older sister type. She and Barb have been best friends for as long as either of them can remember. They agree and disagree on everything. Like any two women, they share about everything in each other's lives and make soap operas out of everybody else's. Janet hasn't had much luck with men. That's a fact. She seems to attract the alcoholic guys that seem like fun at first. Eventually, they drive each other into an abusive relationship and the guy either leaves or makes life unbearable for her. 

Such is the case right now with her current husband, Jake, the drunken asshole, as Janet calls him. He is a police detective and is always on some late night stake out. Janet is not unattractive. Terry had to get her good looks somewhere. She is in her late 50's, but looks about 10 years younger. She has coal black, shoulder length hair like Barbs, but that's where any similarities end. She has never revealed a striking figure, and no boobs to speak of. She is always covered up so much that it's hard to imagine what lies beneath. She does have dark, sexy eyes and often likes to tease men just to get a reaction. Most of her spare time she spends checking up on Terry, to make sure she's not having a good time without her.

The naughty trio and myself have cleaned up by now and gathered in the kitchen. Terry's still tried her best to get Jim out of the house before…

'Ding dong', oops too late - she's HERE! In comes Janet beaming from ear to ear. 

"What's up Janet, you look almost too happy?" asked Barb. 

"I know he's here", Janet said with searching eyes. 

"And just who is that Mother?" asked Terry, nonchalantly. 

"Why, Jim of course –silly," said Janet smiling. 

Just then the toilet flushes. Out comes Jim. (Why is guy always making his entrance from a bathroom?) 

"Jimmy, Janet screams. There you are, you big hunk you!" 

She goes on and on about how long it's been since anybody's seen him and why didn't he call, so on and so on. Never one to miss anything, Janet sees the martini mixings and turns to me. 

"Do be a dear Donny, and fix me a stiff one?" she said, while Terry rolled her eyes. 

Three martinis later, Janet has managed to corner Jim in the hallway. The girls and I have settled in the front room for snacks and watch some TV. Terry is livid that Janet is here. 

"She'll tease him like all the rest, then call him a lazy asshole after he leaves. It just pisses me off big time," claimed Terry.

Barb and I tried to distract her, not wanting to fan that flame of fire in her eyes. Every time we get her simmered down, we could hear Janet's giggling and gushing over Jim in the hallway. 

"Let's take a walk, huh?" Barb nods to me. 

"Sounds like a great idea. If he won't leave, I'm getting the hell out of here!" demands Terry, and heads for the front door.

We walk. She talks. We walk some more. Terry keeps talking. Never can understand why women like to work themselves up over shit. Why can't they just deal with it and be done with it? A half an hour or so later we're still walking. It occurs to Terry that Janet has had at least three martinis. 

"My mom cannot hold her liquor! We'd better get back to your place Barb." 

After a brisk walk back to the house, we find the front door locked. "Umm, that's strange," I said. Didn't think we locked it when we left, oh well. We rang the doorbell -no answer. 

"You girls wait here. I'll go around to the back door," I said. 

Walking toward the rear, I quick peeked in the side window. Nothing, nobody. I got to the back door. Locked. What? Now my confusion has turned to worry. I run back around to the front to tell the girls. Now they're starting to worry. 

"Listen, let's try the other side of the house." I said hopefully. 

We ran around the other side, when, "Oh my God, come here." said Terry. 

She had stopped at a side dining room window. Barb and I looked in – still nothing. 

"Check out the kitchen," said Terry. 

We looked past the dining room. There was Jim on the kitchen floor, stark naked and handcuffed to the sink pipes. Janet is standing over him with a handgun. 

"She has totally freaked, Terry said, She's taken Jake's handcuffs and gun, Christ!" 

Thinking of an instant solution, I said, "I better go for the cops." 

"No, wait, said Barb. She's my best friend." 

"I can't turn in my own mother", whispered Terry, now starting to tear up. 

Maybe she'd just had too many drinks and was having fun. We crept up the rear deck to the kitchen door. Soon as we reached the door we heard the door unlock and swing open. There she was, pie-eyed, staggering and trying to point the revolver at all of us at once. 

"Mother! What are you doing?" cried Terry. 

"Just you shut up and get in here," Janet slurred. 

We entered to see Jim spread-eagled on the floor, hands handcuffed above him together around the sink pipes. He didn't look at all comfortable. I asked Jim what happened. 

"You wouldn't believe me if I told you," he sighed. 

"Hey, don't talk to that asshole, get over here now!" Janet snorted. 

"Jannie, said Barb, you can't be serious about this. You're in big trouble here." 

"Don't Jannie me, you slut. He told me he fucked you." pouted Janet. 

"But Mom, you don't understand." pleaded Terry. 

"And you, my darling little whore, I supposed you just sat by and watched him fuck my best friend?" cried Janet. 
