 It was several days later when I came home to find a surprise waiting for me. Late in the afternoon, the living room was filled with sunlight. The furniture had been moved around and in the center of the room sat a single chair. Conversation between the room's two occupants ceased upon my entrance and a tense silence filled the air.

You rose slowly and strolled across the room, reaching out to take my hands. "Hello, dear. How was you day?"

I look from you to the woman seated in the center of the room and back again, obviously confused and slightly curious. "Busy. I didn't know we were expecting company."

You give me that wonderfully mischievous smile of yours and say; "That's because we weren't, but I was. You remember Lillian?"

I smile at her. "How could I forget?"

Dressed in a pair of black slacks and a white blouse, Lillian looks cool and comfortable. She looks from me to you and smiles. "It's good to see you again."

"Come," you say and lead me towards the couch. We sit down and conversation once again resumes, you and Lillian talking about various sports, current events and the weather. As I sit there I find myself feeling as if I were in some sort of play only I don't know my lines. I know that something is expected of me and I wait, hoping that I won't miss my cue.

Your arm is resting on the back of the couch and absently you run your fingers through my hair. The simple touch sends shivers down my back and I lean into your touch. I close my eyes, listening to the sound of your voice and letting the tension of the day ease from my shoulders. As the evening progresses its obvious that there is no rush for whatever awaits and I learned long ago that you always have a reason for everything you do. 

You watch, see me start to relax pull me to my feet. Gently, you cup my face in your hands and kiss me. As your lips caress mine, our tongues meeting in silent communication, your hands move to tangle in my hair. You pull my head back, baring my neck to your lips and teeth. My hands, which had been resting lightly on your waist, suddenly tighten and pull you close allowing me to rub myself up and down the length of your cock.

So enchanted am I with your kiss that I fail to realize that my blouse and skirt have already made their way to the floor. It isn't until you release the clasp on my bra, freeing my breasts into your hands that I realize my near naked state. It is only when I am left standing in my stockings and garters that you release me. Your hands move down my body, unsnap my stockings and roll them off my legs. Finally I am completely naked, shivering although the room is quite warm.

You smile down at me and step back, still fully clothed. "I want you to undress her, slowly."

My eyes, which had been staring fixedly at you, shift to where Lillian sits watching us. She's beautiful and the idea of touching her, of getting close to her skin and her scent while you watch floods me with desire. 

You're not at all surprised when I step past you and walk towards her chair. You remember the passion and the pleasure we shared while making love while she watched and you know how much I enjoy women. While you would never make love to another woman you would enjoy making love to me while I make love to another woman.

Lillian stands slowly as I approach. I can see her breasts rise and fall with her breath, her lips are slightly parted and her eyes are already bright with desire. As I come to stand before her I reach out and slide my hands under her blouse and slide it up her torso and over her head. The fast caress of silk against her skin causes her to catch her breath. I bring my hands back down, resting them lightly on her shoulders and then trace the length of her arms. Her skin is soft and smooth and warm to the touch. There is already a faint blush coloring her skin but it only adds to her beauty.

When I reach her hands our fingers entwine briefly and I pull her closer, but still our bodies do not completely touch. From there I release her hands and run my thumbs up and over her ribs and then back down her belly. Her eyes on me the entire time I undue her pants and start pushing them off her hips, kneeling before her as I follow them to the floor.

You watch from the couch as I help her out of her pants, my hands caressing the length of her legs. From where you sit you can see the smooth skin of my back and the tender round cheeks of my ass. Your cock is hard, tempt you to slide into me from behind, but you force yourself to stay where you are knowing that it will be all that much better for the wait.

Lillian stands in the center of our living room clad only in a white bra and matching thong. I can see the moisture dampening the small piece of silk protecting her from prying eyes. Reverently, I reach out and rub my thumb up the front of her pussy, feeling the wetness through the thin barrier. She moans and her head falls back when I inadvertently touch the top of her clit.

Both my hands come to rest on either side of her hips; I slip my fingers into the waistband of her thong and slowly slip it down past her hips, across her thighs, and off her body. My face is so close to her pussy that all I have to do is lean forward and reach out with my tongue.

"Wait." You tell me, knowing the direction of my thoughts. You can see the sexual tension humming through my body. You know what it's like to see my desire rise and watch it peak and you plan to be a part of this but for now you are content to watch.

Her scent is intoxicating; I breathe deep and press my face against the inside of her thigh before standing back up in front of her. My hands move up her body, around her waist and up her back to the clasp holding her bra together. With fingers made dexterous from years of fastening my own bra I quickly release the soft, silky material and free her breasts.

Just as I'm about to cup both breasts I sense your presence behind me. "Let her sit down."

After Lillian sits back down in the chair you guide me to stand in front of her and slowly push me to my knees. It is then that I realize that you are already naked; your skin radiates heat in waves that break against my back. For a moment I lean back into you and sigh with absolute contentment. There is no place I'd rather be than in your arms.

With you kneeling behind me, you take my hands and guide them to the soft skin just above Lillian's knees. Without removing your hands from on top of mine you whisper instructions to me. "Slowly, spread her legs."

I do so, your hands on top of mine the entire time, catching my breath at the sight of her pussy wet and vulnerable.

"Slide your hands up her thighs, but don't touch her pussy."

Again, I do as you say and together we lean forward until my abdomen is pressed up against the edge of the chair with you at my back. Using your own hands your wrap my fingers around her hips and help to pull her towards us. Her ass is now at the edge of the chair and her legs are spread wide to accommodate the both of us between them.

"Lift her legs onto the arms of the chair." This time you slide your hands from on top of mine and up my arms as I comply with your wishes. I can feel your hard cock throbbing against the small of my back and without realizing it I push back, rubbing you with my ass. You groan and your grip on my arms tightens.

Lillian is now complete open to us. Her head is back and her eyes are partly closed though I can see that she still watches and her hands grip the arms of the chair just above her thighs. Her pussy is pink, flushed with desire and glistening with wetness. Her clit is swollen and throbbing begging to be touched.

Your hands move back to cover mine and you guide me from the top of her knees to the inside of her thighs, stopping me just before we reach the center of her heat. You can feel my breath coming quicker and the familiar scent of my arousal lingers in the air. You know that if you were to slip your hand under my ass and between my thighs you'd find me wet and swollen. 

Lillian is shaking, her hips moving rhythmically, trying to urge us closer. Knowing what she wants, you move our hands forward and press our thumbs up against the swollen lips of her pussy. She moans and her eyes close completely. You guide us up along her lips and around her clit before moving back to the base of her pussy. The journey repeats itself until she whimpers for release. Only then do you guide our fingers, one of yours and one of mine, deep into her pussy.

With your other hand you guide your swollen cock between my thighs. Instantly, the head of your dick is soaked with my juices yet you haven't even entered me yet. The heat and the throbbing sensation of my empty pussy beckons you yet you wait, wanting the moment you enter me to be perfect. While we finger fuck her you lean forward and say, "Taste her."

I don't hesitate to move my mouth forward, starting at the base of her pussy licking up one side and then the other before circling her clit with my tongue.

"Now, kiss me." I lean back and slip my tongue between you lips. You can taste her on my lips and in my mouth as you lick her juices from my tongue. Breaking the kiss, you tell me, "She taste good, but you taste better." With a wicked smile and a kiss to the back of my neck that turns into a nip you tell me, "Now, finish what you started."

Once again I lower my head only this time as I reach out and flick her clit with my tongue I feel you slide into me. You move slow, filling me completely, stopping only when you're totally buried within me. You move back, bringing me with you so that I'm forced to arch my back, allowing you to go deeper when you thrust yourself forward once again.

I moan, my mouth pressed firmly against Lillian's pussy bringing her added pleasure. She thrusts her hips forward as I slowly start to suck her clit into my mouth. I alternate between suckling her clit and lapping at it with my tongue, giving her pleasure but never allowing her to reach her peak.

With one hand on my hip you hold me, as you slide yourself in and out of my pussy. With your other hand you reach around and grasp on of my nipples, rolling it between your thumb and forefinger. Now, with each forward thrust of your hip I move back to meet you.

Lillian is moaning and withering beneath me but it isn't until I slide my fingers deep into her pussy that she starts to embark on her orgasm. Her hips rock rhythmically against my face keeping time with my fingers as they move in and out of her pussy. As my fingers begin to move faster I start sucking her clit harder; her thighs begin to tighten and she arches her body up off the chair. "Oh, God! I'm going to cum. Don't stop. Please, don't stop."

I don't and in fact I increase the thrusts of my fingers until I start to feel the walls of her pussy start to contract around them. Her body goes absolutely still and rigid as she explodes against my mouth. A fresh wave of warm juice floods my mouth and I continue to lick, lapping it up with my tongue, careful not to apply too much pressure to her now ultra sensitive clit.

As her orgasm starts to abate you release my nipple, moving your hand down the front of my body, settling it between my thighs. Once there, your fingers begin to work their magic against my clit. You lengthen the strokes of your cock until each thrust pushes you deep within my pussy. I can feel you growing harder inside of me as your orgasm draws close; at the same time my pussy starts to tighten and contract around you and you cum, shooting it deep within me. My head resting on Lillian's thigh, I moan and arch my back while reaching around to grab onto your thigh wanting to hold you still deep inside of me so that I can feel you fill me with your cum.

Sometime later we collapse onto the floor, pulling Lillian down beside us. With you curled up behind me, and Lillian in front of me I fall into a light sleep.