 Your husband meets you at the door as you get home from work. He takes you straight into the master bath just off your bedroom. You ask him what he's up to but he only says that he has a surprise for you. After turning on the water in the shower he slowly strips you of your clothes. Into the shower you go and begin to relax as the warm water cascades off of your voluptuous curves. You shower and excitedly wonder what he has in store. When you are done and step out he takes a large fluffy towel and dries every inch of your body.

You are lead from the bathroom and to the large bed. He lays you down in the center and places a blindfold over your eyes. You feel his weight shift as he gets up and you start to protest his leaving. With a finger laid to your lips he tells you to lay still and that he will return shortly. The bedroom door opens with a slight creek and you hear him leave.

Minutes pass and you wonder where he has gone but before long you hear soft footsteps enter the room. In seconds you feel his hands exploring your body and the bed shift as he sits beside you. He caresses, pinches and probes your soft skin. You feel the heat of his body close by and begin to moan and enjoy his sensual touch.

Suddenly you feel a second pair of hands begin to explore. You jump with a start and begin to remove the blindfold. One of the two stop you and lightly kisses your forehead. Without a word they continue to explore. Your body begins to respond to their manipulations and you begin to press into their touches. 

Before long you feel two more pairs of hands join the others. You're too aroused to object and begin to arch your back and grab the hands and arms as they bring you pleasure. Lust has taken over, your mind shuts down and your body moves on its own.

Suddenly you feel your legs being slowly spread apart. You feel someone shift and move between your legs. Feel the head of a hard cock press against your opening. Your soft wet folds are slowly spread as the unseen flesh invades your hot tunnel. You are held by the others as the person between your legs begins to fuck you. He starts slow and as you respond he increases his speed until his pelvis and balls are slamming into your pussy and ass. You begin to scream and cum with a massive orgasm and he unloads inside of you. Spent, he pulls out of you only to be replaced by the next unseen lover. 

You're so wet now from the others cum the new intruder slides easily into the hilt. He wastes no time going slow. He pounds into you like his life depends on it. He grunts loudly as his hard thrusts hit all the right places and you cum again in a full body orgasm. You hear him groan loudly as he ejects his seed deep inside you.

Once again they change and a new lover is between your legs. As the cum from the two loads slowly slides from your pussy he rubs his cock head up and down your opening pushing the cream back in. Only a brief second pass before he slides his member in as deep as he can go. The lubrication slips and slides around his cock and he moans at the feeling. In no time he is working his rod in and out of you. Having cum twice already you rise rapidly toward another orgasm. As it washes over you, you moan and shake from your climax. Just as the others did before he buries himself deep inside and fills you to overflowing with his hot cum. You feel it slowly leaking past his still swollen cock and down onto your ass. As the third lover moves away he slides out of you and you feel the slick liquid flow from inside you. 

You're exhausted and have never felt so full and satisfied but there is still one lover left that wants to please you. As he moves between your legs you feel his hands on your skin. Something about his touch is familiar like you've felt it before. He slowly rubs the escaping cum back up onto your pussy. The motion of his caress feels amazing and you moan in pleasure. Even so tired you can't resist your bodies urges and you beg him to give you more. He moves closer in and chuckles as you voice your desires. When you hear him you know that you know this person. Without further hesitation he enters you. As he slides inside he moans loudly. You're both wet, slick and sticky from the combined fluids. It feels wonderful and you feel sexy, naughty, uninhibited and like a sex goddess. 

This man is different from the others. He doesn't just fuck you. He takes his time, touching, caressing and kissing you. He pinches your nipples making you gasp with pleasure, electricity running straight to your pussy. You clamp down on his cock and he groans with pleasure. As he thrusts into you his lips close on your neck and he bites down. It's too much and you grab him with your arms and wrap your legs around him pulling him deeper into you. With that he can take no more and begins pumping into you harder and harder. 

Before long both of you are panting and moaning and it mixes with the slapping squishing sounds of your fucking. You feel the wave of an orgasm build as his body begins tensing. Suddenly he cries out and plunges deep inside you. His eruption causes you to contract around him. The orgasmic wave crashes over you and you scream and clutch him tighter than ever. You both squirm and shake uncontrollably until he collapses on top of you. 

Exhausted you begin to come down from your sexual high and you remove the blindfold to see that the last man to have you was your husband. You look around the room to find no one else is there. The others have left without a sound. Slowly you drift off to sleep in each others warm embrace still covered with the remains of the amazing adventure you both shared.