 I was surprised by how tired I found myself as I settled down into the soft sand, warmed from another day of full sun and from the dull, red glow of the bonfire, which was now dying down into embers and small, crackling flames. Emily relaxed down next to me, leaning her head against my shoulder as we leant back against a long piece of driftwood dragged close up to the fire. I wrapped my arm around her waist and pulled her in close. I could tell she was just about as chilled out as me; we'd been surfing for most of the day, and after indulging in the huge barbeque buffet thrown by the locals on the beach, not to mention a few cocktails, we were both ready to fall asleep right there by the fire. Not the worst way to round off Christmas Day in Bali. 

We weren't the only ones sticking around as the gathering dwindled with the fire. There were four others already relaxing around the mesmerising flames. Two guys and two girls, all tourists like us I assumed; Indonesians aren't big on celebrating Christmas themselves, being a Muslim country, but that didn't stop them from throwing big festivities for all us tourists. 

The guy across from us started up with a reply from a conversation they must have been having before we arrived, his accent tinged with Australian. 

'I'm not bothered by it, it wouldn't stop me surfing.' 

I could've guessed he was a surfer just from looking at him. He was fairly skinny, but obviously in shape with toned muscles on his arms, chest, and stomach. He was wearing board shorts and no top, showing off his dark tan from catching years of Australian sun while out in the surf. His sandy, blonde hair contrasted with the colour of his body, and the dry, slightly curly look showed its constant exposure to salt. I'd half decided he was actually talking to himself by the time someone replied. 

'I'd be really worried about it. Their sting is supposed to be so painful!' cooed a girl to my left. 

Now I really noticed the two girls to my left. 

They were sprawled out on the sand together in such a comfortable and relaxed position that I had no doubt they knew each other very well. The blonde girl who had just spoken was laying on her back using a rolled up towel as a pillow, her hands behind her head and her left leg bent with her sole flat on the sand. 

My heart skipped a beat as I took in the sight of her body. Her legs looked luxuriously smooth with a golden tan as the firelight danced over them. My eyes traced up towards her tiny denim shorts, which shamelessly exposed the full roundness of her ass and the tendon high in her left inner thigh, leading all the way up to the hint of pink of her bikini bottoms. Her soft, flat stomach struggled to hold my attention before her gorgeously full breasts drew my gaze, barely covered in her pink bikini top and accentuated by her arms resting over her head. The tight stretching of her bikini compressed her boobs to a perfectly round shape, visible at the sides and in a sumptuous cleavage at her chest. She clearly knew how good her body looked, and intensified the effect with her clothes... or lack of. 

Her friend was slightly more modestly dressed, although still looked like she might have a body to match. She was laying on the left and at a near right angle to the blonde girl, head resting on her stomach, long, wavy, dark hair flowing over the side of her body, and right arm draped between her legs. Her hand came to rest on the blonde's right thigh, and I found it hard to believe I was the only one who felt a quickening pulse at how perilously close her elbow was to the blonde's clit, no matter how close 'friends' they were. 

If the blonde girl's look was slightly Californian, the dark-haired girl's was distinctly Hawaiian. She had a gorgeous olive complexion and deep, brown eyes to complement her toffee highlighted hair. Her loose, off the shoulder top hid all but the sizeable mound of her breasts and a small glimpse of toned abs by her waistline. She was wearing low cut shorts that rested on her hip bones as her stomach fell away ever so slightly, providing a small hand-deep gap that captured my imagination. Her fabric shorts were a little longer than the blonde's, but still allowed me to see the full shape of her ass as her thick, lightly muscled thighs and bum pulled the shorts tight. 

'Yeah well, it's worth the risk to surf,' replied the Aussie, snapping me away from my thoughts. 

I couldn't blame him for acting a bit macho, talking to a girl who looks like California would urge any guy to start showing off. I took a look at the last member of our after-party by the fire, to the right of us, and recognised him from earlier. I'd seen Emily glancing him up and down with a distracted look on her face during the barbeque. A facial expression no one else would think twice about, but I knew better. 

I wasn't surprised, I knew exactly what kind of guy stirred that lustful curiosity in her, rare as it was, and this guy was as much her type as any I'd seen. Don't get me wrong, we love each other very much and have a very stable, monogamous relationship. But part of that had come from admitting we still find other people attractive, and fantasising together about involving them. So I felt confident that she didn't mind me checking out California and Hawaii, and I felt perfectly secure about the slightly open-mouthed, blank gaze she'd directed at this guy, which I'd learnt over the years means he, quite literally, made her wet. Instantly. 

Most of the time Emily isn't interested in other guys, but when she does see someone she likes, she really likes them, and this happened so few times before that I'd come to really enjoy her extra sex-drive when it did. So it goes without saying that between checking out the two American girls, and looking down to see that again, Emily was eyeing this guy with her distractedly curious expression, I was feeling pretty turned on. 

'Hey, you two want some?' Aussie was looking at us now with a bleary-eyed, questioning expression. He was resting his elbow on his bent knee, his hand extended towards us and a fresh joint pinched between his thumb and forefinger. 

I realised then that they were all quite obviously stoned, wearing blank expressions as their thoughts meandered somewhere far away, slowing their conversation to a glacial pace. 

'Sure,' I replied. 

I reached round the fire to take the weed off him as Emily added a gracious "thank you" to my acceptance. Aussie waved a "no problem" our way and sat back to consider us. 

'British, right?' He ventured, eyes narrowed from his detective work. 

'Yeah, English,' Emily refined, 'are we that obvious?' She added with a genial laugh. 

'Knew it, can spot an accent from a mile off. Hey mate, they're British too!' He roused the guy to our right from his thoughts. 

'Hey,' he offered, lifting a half full bottle of Jack Daniels in a sleepy but affable greeting, raising his head to meet our eyes. I noticed his eyes linger an instant over Emily before she hastily replied in a small voice. 

'Hi.' She managed. I could practically hear the blush in her tone. 

Jack turned his head back to the fire to stare glassy-eyed into its depths and consider some obscure thought that was just taking root in his mind. His heavily muscled arms were blindingly obvious, with his biceps being pushed to prominence by the outsides of his knees, fingers interlocked above his crossed ankles holding his powerful torso upright. He had a Maori style sleeve tattoo starting from halfway up his left bicep, covering his boulder-like shoulder and extending down to encompass his taut, fibrous chest muscle. His stomach rippled with deep-set abs that looked too solid to be the result of mere daily crunches, and his well-defined oblique muscles plunged down into the waistline of his boxers and cargo shorts, framing the visible tips of a stylised text tattoo on his lower abdomen. He had well-trimmed, although scruffy-looking stubble covering a strong jaw and an unruly thickness of dark hair on his head. I was almost surprised Emily hadn't already jumped him. 

I extricated myself from my embrace with Emily and leant forward to light the joint in the hot embers of the fire. Leaning back again, I took a deep drag and held the smoke in my lungs as my throat began to burn slightly, then passed it over to Emily. We'd got high together a fair few times before, but never made a habit of it. Ever since the first time, when we had absolutely mind-blowing sex on the stuff, we saved it for special occasions and, without fail, had a night of intense passion every single time we used it. For me, it'd got to the point where just the smell of it turned me on - it instantly brought on a cascade of disjointed, vivid experiences rooted in the very height of sexual pleasure. Whether hers or mine was hard to tell, it didn't feel like there was much difference. 

I relaxed back onto the log as Emily took the tip of the joint into her mouth and delicately sucked on it. I was already anticipating the spread of easing tension throughout my body as the energy seeped out of my muscles and into my mind, heightening my senses and focus. Emily and I passed the joint between us a few more times before we'd finished it, sinking deeper and deeper into the sand all the while. I started to feel the thudding of my heart more distinctly, and warmth spread to my groin, causing a slight swell. I knew Emily and I would be slipping off later to have all-encompassing, fierce sex on the beach. 

I came back to myself, realising I'd been holding all of my focus on the glorious straining feeling in my shaft as it enlarged and hardened. The pleasure and yearning emanating from there progressively filtered through my mind and grew in importance until it was the only thing that could fit. The powerful effect that getting hard has on a guy's mind was obviously something I was very experienced in, and so it was autonomous for me to manipulate it so that I could just relax and enjoy it, keeping the almost overwhelming desire to act upon on it just yet, at bay. I wasn't letting the floodgates of passion open now, I was going to savour the entire experience. 

I mentally shook myself back to my immediate environment, still enjoying the pulsing between my legs, maintaining the sensation somewhere off centre of my mind to help me function. Emily picked up on my stirring and redirected her focus from whatever she had been exploring in the safety of her mind. Her face was flushed and staggeringly beautiful when our eyes locked. Her eyes, coloured clay and interlaced with emerald, looked straight into me and read my desire. That stunning face that I'd been in love with for so long, that I'd revealed so much of myself to and shared so many experiences with shone back at me with new depth. I was looking into the most beautiful face I could imagine, because it belonged to the person I loved, and I saw the understanding in her eyes that she was thinking the same. I snapped out of it and I gave her a quick peck on the forehead before we got lost in each other, and turned my head to look at the others. 

'It's good, eh?' Aus observed. He was obviously more attuned to it, and was finding a balance to his focus as he patiently waited for someone to chat to. 

'It's strong,' I mustered. I felt like those words conveyed all I meant, and he nodded knowingly. 

'It hits you hard at the start, and then settles,' he preached, swooping a hand down into a steady, flat line to demonstrate. 

'We won't get much out of her for a while then,' I said, jerking my thumb at Emily. My face creased in an involuntary grin as I felt her bouncing beside me in a silent giggle. Aus grinned widely and I saw him mirror my effort to compose myself before I broke out into a fit of giggles as well. The effort not helped by Emily's shaking and machine gun out-breaths from her nose as her silent giggling began to take over. 

The moment passed and Emily's giggles began to subside as the girls and Jack were roused by our talk. 'I'm really gone,' croaked Jack, 'that's strong,' he echoed my words. 

'Me too, and I didn't have much,' added Cali, 'are you trying to drop us flat?' She accused, with a sly grin at Aus. 

'No,' he chuckled, 'you'll mellow out perfectly, soon. We should play a game to keep you lot present.' 

'Truth or dare!' Chirped Cali, with an excited burst of energy. 'For nostalgia,' she shrugged as she caught our amused glances. 

'Alright, truth or dare?' Aus fired at Cali, catching her off guard. 

'Erm...Truth!' She flustered, regaining her confidence with a beaming smile. 

'Okay, Have you ever had sex with another girl?' 

It was a quick question, and I assumed he'd been wondering at it earlier. I was very interested in this answer. Cali gave Hawaii a meaningful glance, which she returned with a slight smirk. 

'Yes, and I'm extremely good at eating pussy,' She pertly asserted. I didn't doubt it, she looked like she'd be wild in bed. She turned to look at me, 'truth or dare?' 

'Wait up, details!' Aus piped up, mock indignantly. 

'That wasn't part of the question,' she grinned, 'truth or dare?' She insisted at me again. 

It was fair enough. I was desperate to hear a detailed account of what Hawaii and Cali had got up to together, naked and alone. They were two of the hottest girls I'd ever seen and the idea of them together sent me on another tangent, painfully aware of how hard my dick was, "God they'd look good. I bet Cali's playful in bed... and loud." I pulled myself back. She had answered the question, and had even given us a little extra. 

'Truth,' I relented. 

'Where's the freakiest place you've had sex? And tell us a bit about it,' She requested as Aus sat pondering whether he could still get her to expand on her answer. 

I considered it for a bit. Emily and I were pretty adventurous, but when it comes to having sex in strange places, we'd not really experimented that much. 

'On the bonnet of Emily's car,' I replied, 'we'd not seen each other for a while and we'd just spent the entire day together at her parents house, getting each other worked up without being able to do anything. We were absolutely desperate to have sex, so when she dropped me off on my drive, I pulled her out of the car, bent her over the bonnet, pulled her tights down and pushed her knickers to the side, and I nailed her right there while holding her wrists behind her back. We both came really quickly, and then she drove back home.' 

I was surprised by the effect that little story had; Cali was propping herself up with her elbows, gazing at me and listening intently, while Hawaii had looked up to consider me with some intensity, probably accidental. I thought I saw a flash of desire in that gaze, and drank it in for a moment along with the stunning face it radiated from. The emotion disappeared with the next second and I hoped I hadn't imagined it. 

'Not bad,' Aus approved. Then, winking at Emily, 'so that's how you like it?' 

'That's exactly how I like it,' she shot back, surprising Aus nearly as much as me with her frankness. He grinned at her, probably as pleasantly surprised as I was by the girls' seemingly crumbling inhibitions. It was only talk so far, but it wasn't normal talk for complete strangers. Emily seemed determined to stay un-rattled by the revealing nature of the game, so I decided to test her. 

'Truth or dare?' I challenged her. 

'Dare.' 

I knew I had to take advantage of the apparently potent effect that mixing weed with truth or dare, and whatever else was contributing to it, had on our reserve, and gave her a real challenge with a safe way out: 

'Make-out with anyone here for 30 seconds,' I offered. 

I dragged my heavy vision over to Jack, and he seemed as involved in the game as the rest of us were. It was hardly surprising, the three girls we had playing with us would demand any straight guy's full interest. 

The way the idea had unfolded in my mind was that I'd given Emily three options: to stay safe and make-out with me, to choose one of the girls, giving us guys a great show, or to ride her confidence and use the opportunity to make-out with who she was really curious about; Jack. I didn't think she was brave enough to take that opportunity yet, but it was still fun to tempt her. 

Indecision was written all over her face and I could see her mind wrestling with the idea of getting her hands on Jack, and the feeling that she shouldn't be so desperate to. 

I scanned the gathering around the fire and found everyone's attention was keenly focussed on Emily. I'd bet I was the only one there not particularly hoping for themselves. I was very keen for any kind of sexual release, but I was even more enticed by the possibility of watching my girlfriend make-out with a girl, or even to see her indulge herself in a random guy who'd just captured her interest. 

The suspense held as the moment seemed to stretch. I was surprised by the level of tension in the air as everyone waited for an answer; was everyone as turned on as me or something? Hawaii had lifted her head off Cali's stomach, supporting herself with one arm. Aus was leaning forward to get a closer look at Emily's face through the fire. Jack was completely still, staring at her, and Cali had also sat up straight to consider her answer. 

Emily shifted herself onto her knees, then started to shuffle off to the left, towards the girls. Their eyes widened slightly as she approached. Emily was advancing on them, and they were still puzzling over who she was going to make-out with. The situation was suddenly progressing so fast after the previous moment of indecision, and Emily was already sliding her hand into Cali's long, blonde hair, supporting her head as she lowered her lips to Cali's mouth. 

It was every guy's fantasy, and the view did not disappoint as I watched my girlfriend slide her tongue into another girl's mouth. Cali's arms slid around Emily's back as Emily lowered her to the ground and brought a leg over to straddle her, never breaking from their passionate kiss. I was lost in the experience with them as Cali ran one hand up the back of Emily's leg, fingers wrapped round to the inside of her thigh, and pushed her skirt higher to reveal a captivating glimpse of her ass; bent over with her legs apart. Jack, although couldn't see much of the kiss, enjoyed the best of that view, with only the thin strand of Emily's knickers hiding her gorgeous, open pussy. Cali's fingers drifted up towards Emily's clit and brushed it with the lightest touch of her fingernail, spreading a shudder of pleasure throughout Emily's body. As quickly as it had happened, she retreated her hand lightly back down Emily's thigh, leaving her skirt to drop and once more obstruct our view. 

Cali's other hand smoothed underneath Emily's vest top and her fingers delicately glided over Emily's lower back, stimulating yet more of her body. Emily tried to address the balance of Cali's access to her body by shifting onto one arm and bringing the other hand up to grasp at her chest, rubbing her boobs in a deep massage that echoed the pace of their intense kiss. Their eagerness was building as they became more and more desperate to explore each other further. Cali's hand darted between Emily's legs and began up the inside of her thigh once more, reaching under her skirt and obscuring our view of her handiwork. It suddenly occurred to me that Cali would now have unrestricted access to do whatever she wanted with my girlfriend's pussy, and I was completely entranced as I felt my dick stand more rigid than I thought possible. 

Just then, Emily seized Cali's wrist and stopped her dead, breaking the kiss with the smacking sound of wet lips parting. 

They gazed deeply into each other's eyes for a moment before Emily softly said, 'That's about 30 seconds isn't it?' 
