 "Be ready at 8pm," Paul told her on her mobile, "And don't be late!"

Laura was excited and intrigued by what Paul was arranging for her birthday. All she knew so far was that Paul had booked them a hotel for the night, that was it.

Paul had gone about 4pm to sort out her surprise and had just told her to be ready when the taxi came at 8.

Laura put on her black see through thong and bra set that showed off her voluptuous tits and shapely arse. She had long since stopped worrying about her weight since they started swinging. She was now constantly getting compliments on her size 16 figure. Men seemed to prefer women with a bit more shape.

Once dressed in the new red dress Paul had bought her, she put on her make up and waited.

Dead on time the taxi peeped it's horn. The driver confirmed that they were going to the Malmaison hotel in Newcastle town centre.

Laura's mind was racing as they took the 10 minute drive. She had an idea that this surprise would be something sexual, at least she hoped it would. They hadn't had any meets for the last couple of months, they were both just about ready to try something again.

Laura arrived at the hotel and made her way to reception. The receptionist told Laura the her room was number 287 on the 3rd floor. She felt a familiar mixture of excitement and nerves as she went up in the lift, checking her dress and make up.

Having re-applied her lipstick, Laura knocked on the door. Paul came outside, pulling the door nearly shut behind him.

"Put this on." He told her, handing her a silky blindfold.

"What are you up to?!" Laura asked him.

"You'll soon find out!" Paul promised her.

Laura put the blindfold on and took a deep breath. Paul took her hand and lead her into the room.

"Trust me." He whispered to her, "I'll look after you, just go with the flow."

Paul led her towards the centre of the room. Then for a second, nothing, not a sound.

Laura then heard someone move towards her. She the felt a hand touching her bum, a mouth kissing her neck. She knew it wasn't Paul as the man had a stubbly beard.

Laura felt the excitement and adrenalin pulsing through her. The sensation of a man she had never seen before touching her like this felt amazing.

She then felt a hand touching her tits, squeezing and cupping them. She couldn't work out whether it was the same man or not. The blindfold had heightened the feeling, the not being able to see who was touching her felt absolutely amazing.

Laura then felt a pair of hands starting to lift her dress up, exposing her bum. The hands then started to wander between her legs, rubbing her pussy through the lace of her knickers. These hands felt different to the other pair, rougher and larger. Laura couldn't work out how many men were touching her now, she started to get the idea there could be more than 1 stranger here, just what had Paul set up here?

The men then guided Laura back onto the bed, she laid back and felt her legs being spread. Within seconds, she could feel a tongue brushing her pussy through the material of her knickers. She gasped with pleasure, the surprise of it taking her breath away.

Laura could then feel the bed move to both her left and right, it felt like 2 more men had joined her. They started ny pulling down her dress and starting to caress her tits through her bra.

"How many of you are there for god's sake?!" Laura exclaimed. "I need to see you all, I want to know what's going on!"

"All in good time darling," Paul's voice came back. "You'll see everything soon."

Laura relaxed again, the man between her legs now pulled her knickers aside and started to lick her rapidly moistening slit. Laura moaned with pleasure, revelling in the moment, allowing these complete strangers to use her.

She reached up now to feel the cock of the man to her right. He still had his jeans on but Laura could feel his erection straining. The man on her left then guided her hand towards his cock. He already had his out, allowing Laura to stroke his length. She turned her head and flicked her tongue over the tip of his penis, before putting the head into her mouth.

The man between her legs now stopped licking her. She felt a bit dissapointed at first as she was wanting him to make her come with his tongue, but this soon dissapeared as she felt him move up ready to enter her.

Before she had time to prepare herself, the man entered her. She let out a small scream, a mixture of pleasure and pure shock. He had an average sized cock, but the shock of not knowing this was coming made it feel amazing. The man started to build up a rhythm now, gradually increasing his pace until he was fucking her hard.

The man to her right now had his cock out too and guided Laura's hand onto it. For the first time, she was taking on 3 men at the same time. She felt amazing, so dirty, but incredibly horny.

As Laura wanked these men, the cock inside her picked up even more pace. She was now crying out with pleasure as this man fucked her as hard as he could. Then, as suddenly as he started, he pulled his cock out of her.

Laura felt a couple of seconds pass before she felt the familiar wet feeling of his come landing on her. It landed on her nearly trimmed bush, her knickers and dripped down her slit.

After just a few seconds, Laura felt another man get between her legs. In no time, she felt his shorter but fatter cock inside her. As the 2 men in her hands hadn't moved she knew this was a 4th. How many were here? Paul had gone even further than she thought he'd dare.

The 2 men in get hands then moved closer, offering their cocks to her to suck. Laura gratefully accepted and greedily sucked them, switching back and forth from one to the other.

This carried on for a couple of minutes until the man fucking her pulled out, again shooting his come out over her now soaked cunt. She loved the feeling of his warm juice running down between her legs, over her lips.

The man on Laura's left now moved and took his place between her legs. He quickly entered her and was the biggest she had felt so far this evening. He wasn't massive, but was certainly bigger than the other 2.

Laura was then presented with another cock to suck, a 5th man? The urge to look was killing her now.

The mystery man fucking Laura was going at her hard by now. The sex was raw, dirty and urgent. Laura was thoroughly enjoying being used for their pleasure.

After a couple of minutes, the man repeated the trick and pulled out showering her pussy with his come. It was a huge load, she felt absolutely drenched down there now. Laura could also feel their juices soaking through her dress against her skin.

"Please can I take this blindold off now?" Laura asked again. "I need to see this."

"Ok." Paul told her, " Get ready for a shock!"

Laura removed the blindfold off and couldn't believe her eyes. There was a crowd of men on either side of her, they were all now naked and in various states of arousal. She quckly counted 11 of them, plus Paul, who was smiling and holding a camcorder, filming the whole thing.

"Fucking hell," Laura said, with genuine shock in her voice. "I never expected this!"

"Well, you always said you wanted to try a greedy girls night at a swingers club, but I thought I'd organise one for you." Paul told her with a satisfied grin.

"I don't know what to say!" Laura said, "Thank you, I'm loving it so far!"

Laura took a quick break in the bathroom to clean herself up then rejoined the men.

"How do you want me then lads?!" Laura said with a filthy look on her face.

She was guided onto all fours by a couple of men and prepared herself for more. A pair of hands grabbed her hips and roughly entered her, while the other men crowded round her offering their cocks for her to touch and suck.

Laura realised that he hadn't really taken much notice of what the men looked like, in the position she was now in, she could only see a few faces and recognised none of them. She didn't really care who they were by this stage.

The man fucking Laura then pulled out and sprayed his load all over her bum and the small of her back. It was another large load. She had always enjoyed her men coming on her. This submissive act was one that men seemed to enjoy so much. She was happy to have them do this to her.

Another man held her by the hips and entered her now. It was almost like a well choreographed routine by now. Other men played with themselves while watching, staying hard while waiting for their turn.

Laura occasionally saw Paul as he moved around, filming the sordid scene on their camera. She gave him a smile to let him know she was ok, before taking another cock into her mouth.

For the first time that night, she could feel the man in her mouth approaching orgasm. She quickly decided to let him come this way and sped up with her attention on him. He groaned before releasing bolt after bolt into Laura's mouth. She took the first 3 shots before pulling away, letting the rest hit her cheeks. She gave the man a porn star smile, playing up to the camera even more.

A split second later, another load then splattered across her bum. She was losing count of how many cocks she had now had, they all started to blur into one.

The next man to fuck her made a tentative move to finger Laura's bumhole. She resisted at first but then relaxed and allowed his middle infer into her arse.

"If you want to fuck my arse I want you all to wear condoms." She said. "And take it slowly, don't just pound away."

The man grunted an agreement and pulled out for a moment. Laura turned around to check that he was doing as he was told. He got the condom on in no time and took the lubricant that Paul offered him. He slowly worked 2 lubricated fingers into Laura's arse, she felt a slight discomfort at first before she became accustomed to it.

The man then replaced his fingers with his cock, slowly entering her, gradually sliding his length inside her. Laura felt a twinge of pain as she always did before getting used to it.

2 more men presented erect cocks on front of her to suck, which she hapilly went to work on. The man using her arse lasted no more than a minute before pulling out, taking the condom off and spraying her arse with his spunk. She felt so vulnerable, exposed to so many men like this but she didn't have long before another cock was nudging past her arsehole.

This was repeated at least a couple of times more before Laura needed to stop for a while. She felt exhausted and her bum was covered in semen now. Paul followed her into the bathroom.

"You ok darling?" He asked her.

"I'm great," She responded, "I just needed a break for a moment, it gets a bit much after a while."

"Hope you're enjoying your surprise" He said with a smile.

"It's fantastic!" She said, putting her arms around her husband.

They shared a brief moment together, kissing tenderly and holding each other before re-joining the party.

"Who hasn't had me yet then?" Laura asked them. 

4 more men stepped forward, all ready for action. Laura switched back into slut mode, kneeling in front of them, moving through all 4 of them, giving them each a brief blowjob.

"I'll go on top this time." Laura told them. 

One of the men laid on the bed in position, allowing Laura to straddle him. His 8" cock easily slid into her well used hole, filling her to the max.

She was once again lost in the moment, sucking and wanking cocks while fucking this man. Once again she felt hands on her bum, squeezing her cheeks and brushing her hole. More hands felt her tits, some roughly, some more gentle. The feeling was amazing. The man then pulled out and shot his load over her bum as so many others had.

Another man quickly took over, providing another cock for Laura to ride. This went on for the next 10 or 15 minutes until they too were spent. Laura laid back on the bed, exhausted but overjoyed. As she looked around the room, a lot of the men that had come earlier were ready to go again, erections in hand. Paul too was now ready for action so Laura beckoned him to join her.

"Fuck my arsehole." She told him, "I want you to come inside me, you're the only one who's allowed to tonight.

All the men had been good like this so far. Paul had told them their rules and boundaries and the men had all been happy to follow. Paul lifted her legs back and entered her well lubricated arse. Easily sliding his full length inside her.

A few of the men gave a dirty sort of cheer as he fucked her, gradually building his pace until he was fucking her arse hard. They other lads stood back and watched as the couple enjoyed each other. Paul started to work on his wife's clitoris as he fucked her arse, Laura hadn't even realised that she hadn't come yet until now. 

Laura began to breathe faster now as her orgasm came over her. At the same moment, Paul tensed up and released his seed inside her. His orgasm was amazing, the pent up lust was finally released.

They had now been going for almost 2 hours, each of the men had come already but almost all of them were erect and ready for more. Laura was now feeling a bit sore but was wanting to do more. She figured that she may never do something like this again so make the most of it.

"Look lads, I'm not sure I can fuck amy of you again tonight, I'm feeling a bit sore now." She told them. "But I don't mind sucking all your cocks again though."

A couple of them moved onto the bed, their cocks rock hard and straining to go again.

"I want you all to come over me again." Laura told them. "Use all of me, aim it anywhere you want."

Paul got his camera ready again and started filming. Laura laid back and began to work on the growing number of cocks now around her with both mouth and hands. She was once again surrounded, everybody was trying to get a view of what was happening.

The first man to come was the one getting most of her oral attention. He shot the first couple of bolts into Laura's mouth before she pulled her head away, allowing the rest to go over her face. Another man then lot go over her tits and one over her belly at the same time.

Laura began to rub her swollen lips now, she wanted to feel another orgasm while the men wanked over her. Another man suddenly brought his cock next to her face and shot his load. Laura sucked the remaining juice from his tip, making sure he was fully drained before he moved away.

She then felt another load land on her hand as she rubbed her pussy, then more on her tits. Everything was now getting hazy as her orgasm came over her in waves. She could feel spunk landing on her face again, in her mouth, in her hair, everywhere.

When she finally opened her eyes there were 3 of the lads still around her wanking and waiting to come. 

"How would you boys like to fuck me again?" She asked them.

They simply nodded their approval and waited for Laura to take the lead.

"Lay down." Show told one of them.

Once she was astride him she immediatly called for one of the other men.

"Fuck my arse." She ordered, "I want you both inside me."

He didn't need asking twice. The man lubed himself up and nudged his cock inside her until his full length was inside her. Laura was gasping, she was now so full. The 3rd man remaining offered her his cock so for the first time in her life she had every hole filled at the same time.

As much as she was enjoying this, she was glad when the man in her arse pulled out and came. She loved Double penetration but she couldn't take it for long, it was too sensitive. The man she was sucking though, soon replaced the man in her arse, entering her hole in one thrust. She screamed again as both men fucked her hard.

The man in her pussy tensed but couldn't pull out of her before he came. Laura was too far gone to care by this stage, kissing him, her tongue probing his mouth as he let go inside her.

A few seconds later, the final man came. He didn't pull out either and came hard in Laura's arse. She collapsed on the bed, totally spent, and covered in semen.

Looking around the room, Laura noticed that most of the men had already left. Only 4 of them remained, all getting dressed and ready to leave. Laura was happier with this arrangement, she loved how faceless and anonymous it had all been. It was just the way she'd fantasized about it.

Paul showed the last of the men out of the room and joined his wife on the bed.

"Did you enjoy that? He asked her.

"It was unbelievable!" She said, she felt like she was barely able to move after being in all of those positions for the last 3 hours.

"I really do appreciate all these things you let me do." Laura continued. "I never dreamed we'd get up to stuff like this a few years ago."

"I'm glad you're enjoying it darling," he replied.

"I think you deserve a treat after arranging this for me." Laura told him. "You always let me fuck other men but rarely do other women yourself."

"It doesn't bother me." Paul replied. "I get just as much out of watching you have fun." 

"Even so," Laura replied, "I'd love to try just sitting back and watching you fuck another woman. It was fantastic when we visited the prostitute."

"We can try anything you fancy." Paul said. "Anything at all. I don't think we've got any boundaries left anymore, do you?!"

Laura smiled and dragged her weary body into the shower.

The following week Laura had been in agony. The fucking had left her so sore that she even had to call in sick at work for a few days. It had all been worth it though.

She decided to go onto their usual swingers site and find a woman for Paul. As she needed to take it a little easier, it might be a good time to try this.

She only found a couple of adds from women looking for men or couples so tried them both. The first was interested but wasn't free at the weekend, so Laura tried the next. 

Her name was Debbie, a size 14 37 year old. She looked very shapely in the pictures and appealed to Laura straight away. The face on the picture was blocked out but she did leave a mobile phone number on the site.

Laura rang and introduced herself and told her what they were looking for.

"I'm up for that." Debbie said. "I'll need to see a picture of you both first though, could you email one over?"

Laura sent one that they'd taken on one of their threesomes. She soon got a reply from Debbie saying that she'd love to meet them on Saturday night. She didn't mention it to Paul, thinking that she would give him a small taste of his own medicene. 

Paul was sipping a bottle of lager, watching the late match on Saturday night when the doorbell went. He and Laura had decided to go down their local for a couple of pints. They had decided on a more quiet weekend after the last. Laura was still drying her hair and putting makeup on when she heard the door.

"You must be Paul." Debbie said with a smile.

Paul looked a bit confused.

"Laura is expecting me." Se continued. "Looks like you weren't."

Paul invited Debbie in, he knew now what his wife had arranged tonight, he hadn't any suspicion that Laura had arranged this for tonight.

"Can I get you a beer?" Paul asked Debbie.

"Yes please." She replied.

Paul got her a beer and returned to the Living Room to make themselves comfortable. Debbie seemed very confident, very easy going too. Paul could feel a stirring in his groin already, knowing that he would soon be fucking this woman.

Laura then finally made her way downstairs and introduced herself to Debbie. They made smalltalk over a couple of beers, generally getting to know each other.

"So you're happy to just watch while Paul and me have sex tonight?" Debbie asked, moving the conversation onto the real reason why they were there.

"Yes." Laura replied. "Paul got me a little birthday treat last weekend, and I'm still a bit sore down there to be honest. I may join in later if that's ok?"
