 "I've had an idea." Paul said to Laura.

"What?" She asked.

"A porn film!" He said triumphantly. "Let's make one, our own amateur film and see if we can sell it."

"What do you know about making a porn film?!" Laura asked him, laughing at him.

"I've been reading plenty about how to do it, how to distribute it." He retorted, almost defensively. "I reckon we could do it. We could get another Gangbang together, get Debbie involved, she was keen."

"You're serious about this aren't you?!" She said, really starting to listen now.

"Yes I am!" Paul said, not believing that she doubted it. "The ones we've made so far haven't been bad. All we'd need is another camera for some alternative views and some lighting that we could hire, then we're away!"

Laura was interested now. She'd enjoyed the Gangbang Paul had arranged for her birthday and would love to do it again.

"We probably wouldn't even have to pay anyone." Paul continued. "I could advertise on the swingers site, explain that we're filming it. Their fee could be that they get to have their way with you and Debbie!"

"You've really worked this all out haven't you?!" Laura laughed. "I'm impressed! I'm game if you can make this happen, I'll be your porn star!"

Paul put the advert on the Internet, men wanted to star in a Gangbang film with his wife. All he put on was that they would have to be prepared for the video to go out on the internet and that there would be no fee. He also asked that they would take an STI test and bring the results to the shoot.

Almost immediately he had a couple of replies. As he expected, this wasn't going to be hard to find a few willing men. By the end of the day he had 8, only one of them had previously joined them on the last gangbang which pleased Laura. She liked the idea of having different men each time they did this. The idea of having all those new cocks to play with excited her.

Laura also phoned Debbie that night to see if she was up for it.

"Paul is getting another Gangbang together." Laura told her after a brief chat. "We were wondering if you'd like to join us. I remember you saying you'd quite fancy it."

"Really?" She replied excitedly. "I'd be well up for that, your last one sounded fantastic!"

"That's great." Laura went on. "He's got 8 men lined up for it so far, I only know one of them from last time but I know Paul will make sure they're half decent."

"I don't care to be honest!" Debbie laughed. "I've had a fantasy about doing it with loads of men like that for years, I'm not bothered what they look like."

"One other thing." Laura said. "Paul is going to try and film it properly. If it comes out ok, he's going to try and get it on the internet. Are you ok with that?"

"Fine." She replied. "It's not like I've got anyone to hide it from. Just let me know where and when and I'll be there."

The plan was falling into place. By the end of the week, Paul had 15 replies from willing men. He pulled the advertisement at this point, unsure as to how many would be manageable. They had men of all ages, shapes, colours and sizes. Young, old, black, White and Asian.

Everything was now set for that weekend. They were lucky enough to live in a detached house with no-one looking over them. Paul also asked his friend, Dan to help with the filming. His girlfriend Sam also decided she wanted to come and watch, partially because of her curiosity about porn, and partially to keep an eye on Dan!

He was happy that everything had worked out though and hired the lighting rig ready. Paul also invested in some film editing software on the Internet and was ready to go.

When the Saturday came, Laura went into town shopping with Debbie and Sam. The girls bought some sexy underwear and went for a coffee.

"So have you done this sort of thing before?" Sam asked them.

"I've had a couple of threesomes." Debbie replied. "Nothing more extreme than that though."

"I have." Laura said. "Paul arranged a dozen men for me for a birthday treat. I didn't have a clue."

"Bloody hell!" Sam exclaimed. "I guess it was good then as you're doing it again tonight!"

"It was fantastic." She went on. "I'd told him that I'd wanted to be ravished by a group of men when we'd been talking about our fantasies, I had no idea he'd actually do it though."

"What about you Sam," Debbie asked. "Have you ever done anything naughty like this?"

"Not really." She said. "I've had sex with men and women but never had a threesome. I wanted to experiment a bit when I was at uni, that was it though."

"And you've never been tempted by something like this?" Laura asked.

"We've talked about it," Sam continued. "I think we were just winding each other up to make each other horny. We didn't take it any further."

"You might fancy it tonight!" Debbie joked.

Sam smiled, looking a bit embarrassed, she didn't deny it though.

"I don't think Dan would mind to be honest." Sam said. "I know he would love to have you 2, I wouldn't mind if he did. When we started, we had an open relationship. Dan didn't want to commit as he'd just divorced."

Sam sipped her coffee and continued.

"I had a few one night stands, so did he. We've never had any jealousy issues so it wouldn't be a huge jump. We'll just see how things go tonight."

The girls returned home to find that Dan and Paul had set the camera's up properly with a full lighting rig. It was quite impressive. They were ready to go and sipping a cold beer. Laura and Debbie went upstairs to get a shower, and get into their new gear.

The other 3 discussed the film and how they were going to catch the action. They had 2 hand held camera's and the larger one that Paul had hired. Sam offered to help on one of the hand held camera's as did Dan.

"If you want to have a go in front of the camera, it's cool by me." Dan whispered to her. "I really won't mind."

"Thanks darling." She said kissing him softly. "I haven't decided whether I'll have the bottle to do it yet!"

Laura and Debbie came down half an hour later, both looking very glammed up, full tarty makeup and short skirts, barely covering the skimpy knickers they'd bought earlier. The men looked on admiringly.

It was half 7 when the first of the men arrived. A pair of well built black men in their early 30s. All 3 girls looked at each other smiling like 16 year old school girls. Over the next hour, all 15 turned up as agreed. The party was on, the music and beer adding fuel to the sexual tension.

Paul had checked that the men had provided their STI test results as he'd asked. All had, so Paul could make his film without condoms as he wanted.

"Right gents." Paul announced, turning the music down for a moment. "There are only 2 rules: Respect the girls and if they say no to something, it means no. And shout to me or Dan when you're going to come. I want it all on film."

The men agreed. It turned out from the conversation that over half of them had done this kind of thing before, they knew what to expect.

Laura and Debbie then took centre stage. Paul put the music on, playing some uptempo Soulful House sounds on. The girls started to dance, holding each other, feeling each other as they did. Laura could feel herself starting to get wet already, putting on a show like this and having so many men to satisfy her.

Laura peeled Debbie's top down, theatrically licking and biting her nipples through her bra. She then stood behind her and played with her tits, kissing and biting her neck. Debbie noticed that a couple of the men were feeling their cocks while watching.

Debbie pulled Louise's dress all the way down, revealing her thong and shapely legs.

"Right boys." Debbie said, "This woman needs cock, NOW! The first one over here with their cock out fucks her first."

Paul was capturing all of this while Dan and Sam panned around the room catching the looks on the men's faces, they were loving the show.

In a matter of seconds, a tall, slim man of about 30 was in front of them. He had an 8" cock that was as hard as possible.

"Get your knickers off ready for him." Debbie told Laura, dropping down to her knees.

Laura did as she was told while Debbie sucked lustfully at the man's cock, her head bobbing up and down fast on his piece. Laura was now stark naked next to them and laid down ready.

The man joined her on the floor, slowly entering her wet hole. Paul filmed the closeups, watching the man's cock slide in and out of his wife. Sam concentrated on Laura's face and tits, they were kissing full on while fucking hard. Dan was catching the other action where Debbie now had several men all around her with their cock's out. She kneeled and sucked on about 6 cocks, 1 at a time.

The action was in full flow now. Laura now had a man to either side of her, alternating between hand and mouth with them and the man fucking her. Debbie was pleasuring as many men as she could orally before she now got down on all fours, allowing one of them to enter her.

The action was now getting hard to follow for Paul. Between them, they hoped to get enough useable footage. Laura now had another man inside her and the man who had been fucking her was now sliding his pole into her mouth, fucking it slowly. She lapped up her own juices, savoring the taste.

For the next 20 minutes, the 2 girls went through about 10 of the men this way. Laura then asked to take a break for a moment, allowing herself a swig from her beer and to share a cigarette with Debbie.

The 5 men that hadn't been involved so far were now stripped for action. Laura had them lie down in front of her allowing her to get on all fours and suck them. One of the other men penetrated her from behind, gripping her hips tightly and thrusting hard. After only about a minute, the man signaled to Paul that he was ready to come. He pulled out and sprayed both of her bum cheeks with his semen. It went half way up her back and was also dripping down her crack.

Before she got a breather, another man took his place. He was really big. Laura knew it was one of the black men, she had guessed they'd have both been pretty big having looked them over earlier. It must have been almost 10", it was huge. He took a while, gently fucking her at first before she opened up to accept him fully. His friend was also now in front of her, offering a slightly smaller, maybe 9" cock or her to suck. It made an impressive sight, these 2 massive black men roasting her.

Debbie was now astride the skinny Asian man riding him. He also had a huge cock of about 10", not as thick as the others but still very impressive. Sam was filming a closeup of her sucking 2 other men in front of her. Debbie caught her eye and smiled, Sam was itching to get involved now, she could feel a tingling between her legs now with the excitement.

"Why don't you join in babe?" Debbie asked her. "There's plenty to go round."

"I might do in a minute." She replied, going slightly red with embarrassment as she filmed.

Debbie went back to sucking the 2 men before one of them signaled to Sam he was about to come. Debbie worked on him alone now until he erupted, spraying her face with 6 powerful bolts of spunk. She sucked the rest from the tip of his cock before the man she was riding also announced he was ready. He spurted his hot load over the small of her back and bum.

Sam had got good footage of this scene but before she moved on, Debbie announced she would make the other man come. She sucked him deep throat, keeping a grip on the base of his cock, wanking him as she did this. Sam focused closeup as he grunted, releasing his seed into her mouth. Debbie allowed it to all drip out down her chin and onto her tits. She was covered now, and needed a few minutes to tidy herself up.

The men fucking Laura had now come also, they had both fucked her before one came over her back and arse, the other on her face and hair. She too needed a minute to freshen up.

"This is so fucking horny." Sam whispered to Dan. "I can't believe we're seeing this for real!"

"Join in babe." He replied to her. "You know I really don't mind. Besides, I really fancy fucking Laura and Debbie before the night is out."

Sam was tempted. She knew how easy it would be to get stuck in, she was in good shape, the men would certainly want her. It was troubling her though that she could end up doubling her number of sexual partners in just one evening.

"Are you sure you won't think of me as some cheap slut if I do?" She asked him.

"Course I won't darling." He replied. "I wouldn't have suggested it if I thought that of you. You may never get a chance again to do anything like this, it's not a situation we're likely to find ourselves in again."

Sam thought about it for a couple of minutes while everybody was drinking, chatting and smoking.

Once ready to go, the gangbang started again. Both girls had now pretty much fucked or sucked each of the men at least once. Sam put her camera down and smiled at Dan, he knew she had made her choice. Dan felt a rush of excitement and pride as she took her top off and approached 3 men standing on the edge watching.

Dan followed her every move from undressing to walking over. She then dropped to her knees and started wanking 2 of the semi erect cocks in front of her. The 3rd she started to tease with her mouth, kissing and licking it as it twitched into life. Once he was fully erect, Sam took his entire 6" shaft into her mouth, looking him in the eye as she did. He was about 55, double her age but she didn't care, she was going to be a porn star for the rest of this night.

Sam alternated between the 3 men using her hands and mouth. This was so much more than she had bargained for. Dan was in close attendance, catching all of this on film. At one point, she smiled up at him, still with a cock in her mouth. After about 5 minutes of oral attention, the youngest of the lads, a 21 year old, shy looking lad said he was coming.

Sam aimed his cock at her face as he fired bolt after bolt of spunk over her, hitting her cheek, nose, lips and chin. She was covered in it for the first time, she had never allowed a man to come over her face before, she loved the feeling.

"Please fuck me." Sam asked the other 2 men. They happily obliged, taking turns to fuck her and be sucked.

The older man got his chance to fuck her, gradually building up a pace until he was hammering her. He soon tensed up and let out a shout as he fired his hot sperm into Sam. She felt bolt after bolt filling her, then slowly starting to drip out.

"I'm so sorry," The man blurted. "I meant to pull out, I just got carried away."

"It's fine." She reassured him. "I really don't care, it felt nice."

Dan filmed a close up of her messy slit, it didn't stay unattended for long, the 3rd man she had started with soon or involved. He fucked her as hard as he could, lasting less than a minute, before pulling out and aiming his come at her tits and face.

Sam was covered now but had another 4 men around her ready to go. Even Laura and Debbie took a break and came to watch their new friend in action.

For the next 20 minutes the men fucked her roughly, she was screaming at them to use her like the whore she was. Paul and Dan were getting some great bonus footage of Sam in action, this was turning out even better than expected.

Eventually one of the men pulled out and sprayed her belly and pubic mound, while at the same time the man she was sucking filled her mouth with his come. Sam struggled but swallowed most of it, allowing a bit to run out down her cheeks. The 2 remaining men carried on wanking furiously next to her face before erupting at almost the same moment, she was awash now, looking spent but happy.

Debbie and Laura also joined her on the floor, kissing and licking spunk from her tits and face before Laura went down on her, tasting the mixture of spunk she had in her. Laura stayed there until Sam was screaming, coming as hard as she ever had.

Paul yelled for a break, Sam looked exhausted and all 3 girls now looked in a bit of a mess.

They went upstairs for a well earned shower while the huge group of lads also took a break. Most of them had come already and were happy for a breather too. Paul told them that Debbie and Laura both wanted to do double penetration before the night was out and to wrap up he'd like to get a shot of all the lads wanking over the girls. They all agreed to pull out if they were near coming.

"I knew you'd join in!" Laura sad to Sam as they showered.

"I really didn't think I'd have the nerve to do it." Sam replied. "I just got so turned on watching you 2 though, I just had to."

"You seemed to be enjoying it too!" Laura asked Debbie.

"I'm having a great time." Debbie smiled. "I can't believe I haven't done something like this before!"

The girls took half an hour showering and re-applying makeup before they made their way downstairs, all still stark naked. The group of lads chatting and drinking so the girls joined them for another beer. They were all feeling a bit drunk by now and were wanting to get this a bit dirty.

Paul had set the camera up for the last part of the gangbang. Dan was dying to get involved now so between them, they had organized to have someone holding the hand half camera while Dan joined in. Paul got the 3 girls kneeling with the group of now 16 men around them. They were all naked again now and ready to roll.

The girls started to suck them, moving round the group until all of the men were hard again. Laura paid special attention to Dan, she had known him for years, being Paul's friend and had also fancied him. This part lasted for a full 10 minutes until the lads were all sporting sizeable erections.

"Right," Laura said. "I need another fucking. I want you in all my holes."

One of the younger lads got in first and laid on the sheet on the floor. Laura sat astride him and easily guided his cock into her now well used hole. She rode him slowly, trying not to make him come as Paul wanted his grand finish with all the men coming on the girls together.

Debbie also grabbed herself a man and did the same. Sam was the last to, finding herself a man with a sizeable cock and fucking him. All 3 girls were making a lot of noise, really playing up to the camera. Sam was really enjoying herself now, considering she had never done anything like this before.

"Someone fuck my arse." Laura told the men. "I want another cock now."

In no time, Dan stepped up to take his chance. Sam couldn't take her eyes off him. She was still riding the man she ha picked and was also sucking a man standing in front of her.

Dan applied a generous amount of lube to his cock and to Laura's ring. She held still with the cock in her pussy and allowed Dan to edge himself into her arsehole, bit by bit. He was soon buried into her, thrusting his 7" cock deep into her arse. Debbie was now receiving the same attention from one of the black men and was screaming now.

Sam now felt a pair of hands feeling her bum cheeks, spreading them and brushing their fingers against her hole. She thought for a moment about saying no, before remembering Dan's words about maybe never having this chance again. Within seconds she felt the tip of a penis edging slowly into her tight hole. She had tried anal a few times but had never felt anything like this, she was so full.

For the next 20 minutes the 3 girls experienced a blur of cocks in all of their holes. Paul continued to film the dirty action as the men continued to change places until they had all fucked each of the girls. Dan finished off with Sam sitting astride him, his cock in her arse while a queue of men took turns to fuck her pussy for a few seconds and move on.

Paul yelled to cut after a this giving the girls a break. They were all exhausted by now, and feeling more than a bit sore.

"I can't take any more." Sam said, more than a little out of breath. "I don't think I'll be able to sit down for a week!"
