 The Adventures Of Juggs

By brianm

October 2010 (Breakfast In Bed)

This story is dedicated to the real Juggs.

Yes, she's a real person and this story is based on one of my fantasies about her.

Thanks, Juggs, for being such great inspiration!

***

Warning: I'm sure you're all sensible people and don't need me to tell you that messing around with asphyxia can be dangerous, but consider yourselves told anyway!

***

"Ohhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhh! Oooooooooohhhh!" moaned Tony, breathlessly. "I... I'm... I'm gonna cummmmmm!"

"On my face!" called his girlfriend, Jenny, as she spun round, freeing the 8½ inch dick that had just been ramming in and out of her pussy. "I want it all over my face!"

To keep up her boyfriend's momentum toward his inevitable orgasm the pretty half-Malaysian brunette swallowed his impressive cock in one gulp -- right down to the hilt -- and began to suck on it with all the power of a top rated vacuum cleaner!

Tony tried to hold back but he was no match for his girlfriend's awesome oral skills. "Arrrrggghhhhhh!!!!!!" he groaned uncontrollably as his balls finally succumbed to Jenny's supremely-talented mouth and released their load.

Timing it perfectly, Jenny pulled back her head, freeing Tony's cock just as it exploded. One... two... three huge wads of cum blasted out and washed over her smiling, delighted face.

Mmmmmm... A cum shower, she thought to herself as she dipped her head a little, allowing the next three wads to coat her hair. My favourite kind!

Tony was still groaning uncontrollably as his final four wads erupted across Jenny's magnificent tits. On an average woman a load like that would have given them a good drenching but Jenny was anything but average. Her immense tits measured beyond anything most guys could imagine and couldn't be contained by any bra found hanging in a store.

"Oh, baby," Jenny cooed. "Oh, look at all this lovely cum!" Then, as her utterly drained boyfriend fell back in exhaustion, she took one and then the other enormous breast in her hands, lifted them up to her lips and lapped up most of the streams of cum that painted them so clearly. The rest she massaged slowly and gently into her tits.

"Mmmmmm! Delicious!" Jenny used her fingers to scrape more cum from her face and into her mouth where she swirled it around appreciatively, savouring its wonderfully salty taste and gooey texture before swallowing it down noisily. "You are soooo tasty!" Again, what was left was gently massaged into her skin.

"And you are soooo nasty!" Tony smiled at his girlfriend, still not believing his luck. Jenny never ceased to amaze him with the thoroughly filthy things she was prepared to do. He couldn't ever recall her saying no. She just loved to suck and fuck. "You are so wasted as a nurse," he continued. "You'd make a terrific porn star!"

"You say the sweetest things," Jenny looked thoughtful as she idly twiddled her cum-streaked hair, licking her fingers clean occasionally. "But you don't mean it."

"Hey, I do mean it!" Tony summoned up enough strength to lean forward for a moment and grab at Jenny's immense knockers. "You look fabulous, you have these... these... fantastic tits, and you actually like cum."

"Like cum?" Jenny laughed. "I don't like cum. I adore cum. God, it just tastes and feels so goooood. I can't get enough of it! Which reminds me..." She reached forward and took a hold of Tony's stiffening cock once again. "I need another shot, only this time straight in my mouth, I think. So I can really taste it!"

"Come on, Jenny!" Tony tried shrinking back against the bedroom wall. "I just shot a mega-load. There's no way I'm ready for another..."

"Oh no?" Jenny dropped her head down into Tony's lap and once again swallowed his rapidly expanding cock into the back of her throat. She swirled it around in her mouth for a few seconds before letting it free momentarily. "I'm sure I can find some leftovers in here somewhere." She giggled. "And if this doesn't do it for you..."

It does! Tony thought to himself. You're doing it! He would have sworn he could actually feel his balls re-filling. It was as if Jenny was sucking up all the fluids from his body into his balls, where they were being reformed into cum. He suddenly felt very thirsty...

"... I can always bring out the big guns!" Jen continued as she nudged herself forward and took hold off her immense breasts in her hands.

Tony gasped. He never ceased to be amazed by the sheer size of Jenny's tits. They were so large that they easily overflowed her hands. Shit! He thought. They overflow mine!

Jenny leaned forward and pushed her two enormous tit-mounds around her boyfriend's cock. Tony's dick wasn't small but it immediately vanished out of sight between her gigantic melons.

Jen held the outside of her tits tightly and began to rub them up, down and around the now utterly imprisoned dick between them. "Now," Jen smiled sweetly at her gasping boyfriend. "How does that feel?"

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" Tony could only groan with pleasure. His eyes rolled back in their sockets as he looked up blankly at the ceiling. There were no words he could use to describe how that felt. The softness... The weight... The excitement... The ecstasy...!

"You like that, eh?" Jenny continued to tease him. "Mmmmmm... Now, are those balls filling up again for me? Are they going to give me a lovely big mouthful?" She looked at the funny faces Tony was pulling in his moments of ecstasy and suppressed a giggle. "Yes... I'm sure they are. Underneath these huge, immense, enormous tits of mine they're getting fuller and fuller, aren't they?"

"God! Yes!" Tony managed to groan a couple of words as he began squirming about uncontrollably.

Jenny continued to massage Tony's rock-hard cock between her tits for several more minutes before deciding that she couldn't wait any longer for her reward. She squeezed her mounds still tighter around his shaft and increased the rhythm with which they danced around it.

It was more than Tony could stand, and with a strangled gasping sound he came again.

"Mmmmmm... Breakfast!" Jenny shrieked delightfully, opening up her titty prison and plunging her mouth down to surround her boyfriend's cockhead. Almost immediately she began to feel the splashing sensations of his cum hitting the roof of her mouth. In her mind she began counting the wads as they hit. One... two...

Tony felt his body clench up in a devastating orgasm. He could feel his cock exploding yet more cum and wondered where it could be coming from. Not ten minutes ago he thought Jenny had drained him completely.

... six... and... seven! Not bad! Jenny thought as she slid her lips back from Tony's slowly softening organ. She was careful to keep a tight seal so that none of his precious load would escape. She sat back and took a few moments to savour the fresh load in her mouth, letting it swish back and forth between her teeth and swirl around her tongue. Mmmmmm! Delicious!

She couldn't tell exactly how much cum she held in her mouth but for just one guy it was certainly a generous amount. And it had been his second load... Anyway, enough savouring, she decided. Swallowing time! And with a loud smacking of the lips Jenny sent the mouthful of cum down to her stomach.

"That was a great appetiser, honey, but I..." Jenny paused when she looked over at Tony and saw him passed out on the bed. "I need a little more than I think you can give," she smiled down at him before giving him a gentle kiss on his forehead as he slept.

Minutes later Jenny was up, showered, and in the hallway, dressed only in a towel. She went straight to the front door and found three men outside, all looking rather tense and eager for something.

The first was middle aged and dressed as a milkman. The second was perhaps thirty and dressed as a postman. The last was just a teenager and he carried a bag of newspapers over his shoulder.

"Well, good morning!" Jenny called out as she gave each one of them a long sultry look. While they replied, Jenny looked down at their trouser-fronts and noted how each one had begun to tent out. "Come on in!" Jenny licked her lips. "I hope you gentlemen have brought me lots of yummy breakfast. I am hungry this morning."

The first two visitors both sported wide grins over their faces as they entered. The third looked a little nervous. Jenny thought it made him look even more sweet than she remembered. This was his first morning at Jenny's and she wanted it to be special for him.

Jenny jostled the three into her kitchen and lined them up against the worktop. Milkman to her left, postman to her right, and paperboy straight in front. "As it's your birthday, you get the place of honour. Martin, Paul... its Peter's 18th birthday today."

Martin and Paul both wished the young man a happy birthday. "You won't get a finer present than this, laddie," added Martin.

"Now, Peter," Jenny smiled at him sweetly as she stood in front of her three guests. "What would you like for your birthday? Would you like to fuck my pussy, my ass, my mouth or..." and she opened up her robe to reveal the largest pair of tits any of them would ever see, "... these."

There were groans of appreciation from all three guys and then silence as they stared in wonder at Jenny's immense breasts. Martin and Paul had both seen them before but never ceased to wonder at them. Martin called them the 'eighth and ninth wonders of the world' while Paul called them 'the best sex toys in Britain.'

But Peter had never seen them before. He'd never seen anything like them before. Even in his extensive collection of 'adult speciality' magazines he'd never seen breasts anywhere near Jenny's size.

Jenny eventually broke the silence. "I wish I had a camera," she laughed. "You should see your faces. Anyone would think you'd never seen a pair of tits before."

"Peter hasn't!" Martin joked and nudged the young lad in the shoulder. "At least nothing like those. What do you think, lad? Eh?"

"They... they..." the teenage newspaper boy struggled for words and finally resolved on the obvious "They're big!"

It was Martin and Paul's turn to burst out laughing. Paul slapped Peter on the back while Martin doubled over unable to stop himself. Peter managed to tear his eyes from Jenny's tits for a moment to glance at his two new friends.

Jenny desperately tried to suppress some giggles of her own and, when Peter wasn't looking, flashed a wink at the two older men. Time for some fun, she thought.

"Big!" Jenny tried to look and sound insulted. She wanted to give her newest fan a really stern look but felt sure the edges of her lips were forming a small smile. Peter seemed not to notice. "Double D cups are big," she laughed momentarily. "Well, that's what people tell me... OK, F cups are big-ish... But do these look like those tiny little F or G cups to you?"

Inside Jenny was quite pleased with herself. She was managing to sound so angry she almost scared herself! Perhaps she should take up acting?

Martin and Paul weren't fooled. They knew Jenny too well. They both took a step back, silently laughing their heads off, while young Peter looked shocked... and very nervous.

"These aren't big," Jenny continued, taking a step forward toward the very worried looking newspaper boy and playing with her nipples. "Do you want to know what these are?"

Peter tried backing away but Martin and Paul were just behind him, blocking his escape. He said nothing but nodded nervously.

"These... are... humungous!" Jenny took a couple more steps forward and lifted up her unbelievable tits toward Peter's face. "You will never... ever... see another pair of tits this bi... er... huge... Don't you agree?"

Peter was short enough, and Jenny's tits large enough, that the two very nearly touched. Another step forward and they would. Peter's face was just inches away from perhaps the largest breasts in the country and they were turning him into an emotional wreck. The immense tits filling his vision had given him a huge hard-on, yet he was terrified of the beautiful woman who held them up for his inspection. He desperately wanted to reach out and grab them yet was too scared to move. Fortunately his dilemma was resolved for him...

"Perhaps you need a closer look!" Jenny let go of her huge breasts and reached out behind Peter's head. The last thing he saw was them jiggling back into position before his head was pulled forward into her immense cleavage.

"Mmmmbbllbb! Mfffgggllbbb!" Peter tried fighting for breath but Jenny's tits were much too large and soft. They formed a perfect seal not just over his nose and mouth but across his entire face. Her cleavage was so deep that even his ears were pulled in and smothered by her huge orbs of flesh. "Mbbbblllmm!"

"What's that?" Jenny stifled a laugh. "I didn't quite catch that."

"Mmmffflllbb!" Peter, still trapped within Jenny's magnificent bosom, continued to make highly muffled and unintelligible sounds.

"I hope you guys don't mind me having a little fun with Peter for a few minutes," Jenny returned her attention to her two older visitors. "If you've got time I'll give you both an extra special suck."

"We've got time!" They both cried at once and they all laughed.

"How long can he stay in there?" Martin wondered aloud as he marvelled at the sight of Peter's head being swallowed up by Jenny's huge tits. He'd been tit-smothered by Jenny many times but this was the first time he'd seen it from the outside.

"I don't know," Jenny thought for a moment. "With you guys I just wait until you pass out and go limp and then I let you go." She laughed, and in truth they had both passed out between her tits more than once. She looked down at the newspaper boy trapped between her tits. Yes, his struggles were definitely getting weaker.

"It feels awesome, doesn't it?" Paul sighed wistfully and then turned to Martin and gave him a knowing look.

"God, yes!" Martin agreed. "So soft and warm..."

"Mmmmmm..." Paul returned to his wistful look and gazed longingly at Jenny and her amazing tits.

"You guys really love tits, don't you?" Jenny asked them.

"God, yes!" Martin said once again.

"And you have the absolute biggest," Paul sighed.

"And the softest," Martin added.

"And the most delicious," Paul continued.

"And the..." Martin was about to continue but was interrupted.

"OK, OK!" Jenny blushed at all the compliments. "Enough... You'd better stop or my head will swell up to the size of my tits. And seeing as you're being so nice I'll let you have a little suck on my tits before I blow you. How does that sound?"

The milkman and postman fell over themselves to thank Jenny further and eagerly waited their turn at Jenny's breasts.

"OK, young man, I think its time you came ou..." Jenny looked down into her cleavage at the almost entirely smothered head between them.

Peter wasn't moving. Neither was he making any sound. He just hung there completely limp.

"Ooops!" Jenny opened up her huge breasts and Peter fell to the floor.

Jenny immediately bent down to look at the unconscious teenager and breathed a deep sigh of relief when she heard him draw a breath of his own. "He's OK," she announced. "But I think he'll need to rest a while. Shame... I was looking forward to seeing how he tasted."

Martin and Paul moved the unconscious teenager into the front room and laid him gently on one of the two sofas. Jenny followed them and placed a pillow under Peter's head to make him more comfortable.

"I suppose after that exercise you two want your reward, don't you?" Jenny smiled at the two older guys as she massaged her enormous breasts. I know I do, she added silently to herself.

"Me first!" Paul called out, only half in jest.

"No, me!" Martin jumped in, almost as quickly.

"Come on," Jenny gave a pretend sigh. "You can have a tit each. Just play nice." She motioned them forward.

The two visitors' faces lit up as they approached Jenny and sat side by side on the second sofa and leaned forward, expectantly.

"How come..." Jenny teased them as she stood in front of them and offered them her huge breasts. "... when I suck you I'm always on my knees, yet when you suck me you get the sofa?"

"Mmmmfbble!"

"Ohhhhmmmffff!"

Whatever their replies were, they were lost, completely muffled by Jenny's vast bosom.

"Mmmmmm!" Jenny didn't care. She loved having her huge tits played with and her long nipples sucked. Not only did it feel great but she knew it was causing the guys' balls to go into overdrive and produce lots more yummy spunk for her to swallow afterwards. She grabbed their heads and began playing idly with their hair as they sucked. "Oh that's nice, boys. It's been two days since I've had a guy on each tit. Mmmmmm...! Yes...!"

For the next few minutes Martin and Paul continued sucking on Jenny's immense breasts. They also groped, kneaded and played with the massive orbs - each needing both hands to properly hold up the massive weights.

Then the door opened and Tony walked in. He was still exhausted from his earlier exertions and needed some breakfast of his own to get his energy back. He'd heard a noise in the front room and had gone to see what it was.

Looking in the room, Tony saw his girlfriend, Jenny, facing away from him and standing in front of the sofa. Although Jenny had drained his balls twice in the last 30 minutes, the sight caused his cock to rise up once again.

He silently admired her long legs and wonderful bottom, her lovely long hair, but most of all he gazed in awe at her huge tits. He was standing directly behind her yet huge semi-spheres of tit-flesh thrust out from each side of her body. He gasped.

"Mmmmmm! Oh, hi, Tiger," Jenny wrestled her mind away from the wonderful sucking sensation on her tits to look over her shoulder and greet her boyfriend with her pet name for him. "How are you feeling? Ahhh...!" She pulled Martin and Paul even tighter into her breasts. "Keep sucking, you two. Tony doesn't mind."

"Oh... er... Still a bit drained," Tony replied after a few more seconds staring at his wonderful girlfriend and her stupendous milk-jugs. "Oh... and you guys carry on. Jenny needs all the lovin' she can get."

Tony knew that no one man - hell, no ten guys - were enough to satisfy his incredible girlfriend. She was supercharged with sexual energy and could wear out a room of guys before she'd had enough. Thinking about it, he couldn't actually recall Jenny saying she'd had enough. She just carried on until she ran out of guys... Must be all that cum she eats, he thought to himself.

"I took a lot out of you," literally Jenny continued in her mind. "You really ought to rest up a bit. Ooohhhh, that's nice!"

"I know," Tony turned to go back to the kitchen. "I just thought I'd grab a quick bite. Then I'm going back up."

"OK, hon," Jenny called back. "If you're still awake, I'll pop up and give you another quick suck before I go out. Mmmmmm!" And once I've finished with these guys, she thought to herself, gripping them still tighter to her bosom.

As Martin and Paul kept sucking at her tits, Jenny became increasingly turned on, and then she remembered what Tony had said earlier about her becoming a porn star. Perhaps I should, she thought. It'd make it a lot easier to get cocks to suck.
