 February 2011 (Valentine's Day)

Once again, this story is dedicated to the real Juggs.

Yes, she's a real person and I wrote this story as a present for her.

Thanks, Juggs, for being such great inspiration!

Plus, added thanks to Brenda, who inspired one small scene with a letter she wrote to a big boob magazine many, many years ago!

***

As Tony and his beautiful girlfriend, Jenny, entered the restaurant there was an instant hush and all eyes were upon them. By them, I am, of course, referring to Jenny's implausibly immense breasts. They spilled over the top of her elegant ruby red evening dress and captivated the attention of everyone in the room.

The waiters fell over themselves to seat the couple and then fawned over Jenny, looking in awe down the front of her dress while she and her boyfriend looked over the menu.

Soon the hush erupted into a series of animated discussions across the tables, as their occupants continued to stare in disbelief at the attractive half-Oriental and her staggeringly huge breasts.

"I know I've said this ten times already, but you look amazing, Juggs," Tony used his super-stacked girlfriend's nickname as he gazed at her lovingly. He was blessed with seeing her huge tits every day yet he still struggled not to stare at them.   

"Thank you," Jenny smiled, mildly embarrassed. "You look very smart, too."

"There's a six month waiting list to eat here, even if it wasn't Valentine's Day," Tony tore his eyes away from Jenny for a few moments to admire the wonderfully decorated room. "I tried for ages to get us a reservation but they couldn't fit us in. Then a guy phoned me up out of the blue this afternoon telling me there'd been a last minute cancellation.

Jenny tried to suppress a smile, but Tony looked back just in time to catch it.

"Did you...?" he began to ask.

"I came here for breakfast this morning..." Jenny admitted. "... and yes, I blew all the staff. They were soooo sweet."

"Wow!" Tony never ceased to be amazed by his girlfriend's oral talents, or her willingness to use them. She never, ever accepted money for blowing guys but a bit of queue jumping? That wasn't so bad...

"I know I only needed to blow the manager," Jenny explained, waving to one of the waiters. "But you should have seen them. They looked so sad while I was sucking him, so I thought I'd cheer them all up!"

"G... good evening, Miss Juggs," the waiter rushed over to serve her, staring directly at her tits.

"Hello again," Jenny replied happily. "Have you managed to get in my special order?"

"I... I'm not sure, Miss Juggs," The waiter looked a little crestfallen. "We've tried. The staff have er... put everything into it. They're exhausted! But... I'm not sure it will be enough..."

"But..." Jenny looked sad. "I wanted to give my Tiger a special treat..."

"It's for him?" the waiter looked shocked.

"No, silly," Jenny slapped him playfully on the arm. "It's for me. He just gets to watch. At least that was the idea..." she looked a little sad.

The waiter looked down... Tony wondered if he was embarrassed or just making it easier to stare at Juggs' immense tits. Probably both...

Jenny looked around the restaurant for a moment. It was full of couples celebrating St Valentine's Day. "I know!" she suddenly perked up. "I'll help you!" She looked back at her boyfriend and frowned a little. "Sorry, Baby, I have to leave you for a few minutes, but I'll make it up to you... I promise..."

Tony looked rather saddened but nodded.

"You are sooooo sweet!" Jenny gazed lovingly at her boyfriend. "Now I just have to smother you for a minute with my tits..." She stood up and walked round the table to stand by her boyfriend. "If you see or hear anything it would ruin the surprise!"

Tony nodded again, only slightly more cheerfully. He'd never refused a titsmother before and he wasn't about to start now, even if it was in a crowded restaurant. After all, who wouldn't love to have their head between what were possibly the biggest tits in the world?

Jenny stood with her back to the wall and, to the sound of awed cries and gasps from around the room, she pushed down the top of her lovely but terribly overstretched dress. She had no bra on underneath and everyone in the room stared at what were by far the largest pair of breasts they would ever see in their lives.

The cries from around the room grew even louder as Jenny pulled her immense breasts apart and took a step forward toward her boyfriend. Moments later the huge spheres of flesh swallowed up Tony's head... completely.

One woman screamed.

"Ladies and gentlemen!" Jenny called out to the room in general, and then rather redundantly added. "I wonder if I might have your attention for a moment...? As it's Valentine's Day, I wanted to treat my wonderful boyfriend, Tony." She looked down at her staggeringly huge bust and thought of her kind and sweet boyfriend trapped within, unable to breathe and - just as importantly - unable to hear.

It suddenly struck Jenny how her breasts formed their own sensory deprivation tank. Perhaps she should talk to the doctors at the hospital where she worked and see if they had a use for them? Correction... another use for them. The doctors had already come up with plenty of other uses - both for business and pleasure.

"My Tiger absolutely loves to watch me eat cum... lots of cum... his or anyone else's." Jenny continued. "He loves to watch almost as much as I love to eat it. But the poor sweetie is just one man and he's never going to produce enough cum for me. I asked the restaurant staff if they could make me a special cum-loaded menu for tonight. I left them with a few photos of me to wank over so they could collect the cum for me. Unfortunately I sucked them all dry this morning and didn't give them enough time to recover. They've tried to help but, after all, there's only eight of them..."

The cries and gasps around the room had gone back to stunned silence once again as Jenny made her plea.

"My boyfriend isn't getting any air at the moment. Nor can he hear anything I'm saying. My huge tits have formed a perfect seal around his head and very soon he will be unconscious. Once he's out cold, I wonder if any of you gentlemen would be so kind as to donate your sperm for my dinner? If it helps, I'd be more than happy to suck you off? Or you can titfuck these..." She gave her tits a little wobble around Tony's head. "Or feel free to use my pussy or arse, just so long as you don't come in there. Remember, I want to eat your cum in my dinner. Please let me have your cum... I'll be extremely grateful!"

Jenny took a moment to look around the room. It erupted in to pandemonium! Several of the male diners and most of the staff already had their cocks out and were wanking furiously.

At the same time many of the female diners got up and had something to say about this. Some dragged their partners out. Some tried but failed. Some actively egged their partners on. But one woman, who had been sat at the next table, stood up and strode purposefully toward Jenny with an angry and menacing look on her face. She was plain, but not unattractive, and in her late thirties.

"How dare you, you slut!" she screamed, waving a handbag in the air. "How dare you display yourself like that! Just stop it, you bitch!"

Jenny didn't object to being called a slut. But bitch? That was a bit cruel... And she wasn't doing anyone any harm.

"I'm sorry, is there a problem?" Jenny bit her tongue and tried to remain calm.

"Is there a problem," the woman almost shrieked. "You come in here and upset decent people with those... those... monstrosities..."

Jenny felt herself getting more worked up now. By nature she was a very sweet and placid young woman, but she did not like people insulting her tits. She tried counting to ten but was interrupted.

"If I were you," the thirty-something continued in a rather disgusted tone. "I'd have an operation to fix those breasts?"

Now that was going too far! Jenny was furious! She was just about to swear at her, something she very rarely did, but instead paused, noticing the woman's husband sat behind her - somehow looking both highly aroused and highly embarrassed at the same time.

"Fix... my... breasts...?" she said slowly and purposefully as she wrenched them apart in an exaggerated fashion to let Tony fall back unconscious in his seat. "Why don't we ask your husband if he thinks there's anything wrong with them?" Ignoring the woman's protests, Jenny walked over to the next table and stood in front of her husband - his eyes were level with her immense and naked tits. She glanced back at the angry woman for a moment, "Maybe you're the one who needs an operation!" Then she turned her attention back to the husband. "What do you think? Do you think I should have my tits reduced? Maybe down to an H cup? Or really tiny like an E? How big are your wife's tits?" All the time she spoke, she swayed her incredible tits gently back and forth in front of his eyes.

The guy muttered something but Jenny couldn't hear him.

"I'm sorry," Jenny leaned forward slightly. "I couldn't quite hear that." Her breasts bumped gently into his face, their huge mass knocking his head back a little.

"D cup," the guy blurted out.

"D?" Jenny looked thoughtful for a moment. "Do they make bras that small?"

"You cow!" the woman suddenly erupted into renewed fury. "You whore!" She swung her arm wildly and hit Jenny with her handbag. Fortunately it wasn't very heavy - certainly only a tiny fraction of the weight of the giant breast it struck. But the sudden attack, added to her incredibly insulting assertion that Jenny would ever take money for sex, caused the super-stacked nurse to react violently.

Jenny swung round violently, her spectacular breasts flying through the air, narrowly missing the guy sat before her. He watched with enormous relief as the huge balls of titflesh passed right before his eyes, close enough that he could feel a rush of air across his face. His wife wasn't so lucky.

The furious woman had reached forward to grab her husband away from Jenny and found herself right in the way of the two wrecking flesh-balls. As they collided with the woman she felt as if she'd been hit by Mike Tyson - twice! Each of Jenny's tits were much larger and much, much more massive than the head they smashed into. The woman was knocked out cold before she hit the floor.

Jenny hadn't actually meant to hit the woman, but tits that size can be hard to control. She quickly checked to make sure the woman was OK, thankful once again for her training as a nurse.

"She's OK," Jenny told her husband as she placed the woman's coat under her head as a pillow. "But you'd better take her home."

With the help of one of the waiters, the guy carried the woman out to their car.

"You seem like a nice guy," Jenny stopped him for a moment. "I'm really sorry about that. If your wife gives you a hard time over this tell her that you're welcome to come over to the hospital for a blowjob or a fuck any time she's mean to you, OK?"

"R... really?" the guy gasped.

"Any time..." Jenny emphasized. "You seem a sweet guy. I'd love to blow you."

The guy thanked her profusely, hoping that his wife did open her mouth once too often so that he could go and see those amazing tits once again. Perhaps I should visit anyway? he thought. Just to say thank you again...

The couple left and Jenny returned her attention to the rest of the room. The attack had happened pretty quickly and little around the room had changed. Guys still had their cocks out although one seemed nearer cumming than the others. He was breathing heavily and making loud groaning noises. Jenny knew he would cum any second and rushed over to him. His wife or girlfriend looked very annoyed. Here we go again... Jenny thought to herself, and prepared for the worst.

"Jeremy!" the woman scolded her partner, but not for the reason Jenny had expected. "You're the first guy to cum. Try to hold on...! Why do you always embarrass me...?"

"Those... tits!" was all Jeremy could say, between breaths. "God... Look at those... tits!"

"Can someone get me a glass or something?" Jenny asked, desperately, looking around her for something to store the guy's cum in. But it was too late. She could see him begin to shake. He was cumming. "Quick! Get in my mouth!" She dropped to her knees and managed to surround his cock with her lips just in time as the first stream of cum shot out.

"Arrrgghhh!!!" the guy groaned as his balls began to empty. "Goddddd! Those tits!"

Wow! Jenny thought to herself as the guy continued to explode more and more jizz into her mouth. He may be quick but he's got a lot of juice in here!

Spurt after spurt of delicious sperm continued to surge into Jenny's mouth and began to pool at the bottom. She felt her tongue bathing in it and couldn't resist swishing it around in her mouth, savouring the wonderful taste. Mmmmmm! Yummy!

It took quite a while for him to unload, but eventually the guy shot his last creamy bolt and he slumped back with a highly contented grin on his face, still trying to stare at Jenny's tits.

Jenny pulled back and released his slowly shrinking cock from her mouth. With the huge load in her mouth she was unable to speak but she motioned the guy on the next table to pass her a wine glass. She took hold of it she lifted it up to her lips. With a tremendous act of willpower, Jenny resisted the enormous temptation to just swallow the load down and let the pool of sperm spill from her mouth and into the glass. When there was just the smallest amount left she contented herself with swallowing that. Just an appetiser, she justified it to herself.

"Wow! Nice load!" Jenny stared at the glass, which was perhaps a quarter full, and passed it to a waiter who was one of many guys who had rushed forward to observe the blowjob more carefully. "Tasty, too... Would you like to come to my next bukkake party?" she asked Jeremy. "If you're interested, write your number down for me and leave it with my boyfriend when he wakes up." Then she turned to the man's partner. "You shouldn't give him such a hard time. You're lucky to have a guy who can produce so much cum so fast. Would you mind if I come back to him for seconds a bit later?"

The woman shook her head, somewhat in awe of the gigantically busted beauty.

With that emergency over Jenny soon had everyone organised. She needed to milk all the guys for their sperm and pretty quickly. She didn't want to have to smother Tony out again before dinner. Fortunately she'd been to enough bukkake parties to know how to organise large groups of men and get them to cum quickly.

***

A couple of minutes later Jenny was naked and kneeling on the floor. One guy lay beneath her with his cock in her pussy; another knelt behind her with his cock in her arse. Five more guys stood around her. One stood straight in front and was fucking her tits with a wonderful look of joy on his face. Four more guys stood around her, two on each side. At any one time three of them had their cocks either in Jenny's hands or her mouth.

Mmmmmm! Jenny felt she could now relax and just enjoy the moment. She had six cocks on the go, with a seventh ready to take over when the first one spurts. She knew she really should get on and make them cum but it just felt so goooood! The cocks in her pussy and arse were the longest, at eight and ten inches, for maximum pleasure. She didn't really get to see the cock between her tits, it was totally buried in titflesh, but it felt to be about six inches. Those in her hands were smallest at between five and six inches. And the one in her mouth was about seven. She'd have liked something longer, something that could really explore her throat, but it tasted good and that was the main thing.

Jenny idly wondered which cock she should make cum first. Normally the one in her mouth would be the obvious choice as all seven loads would likely be going down her throat anyway. At a bukkake party she'd often make them all cum at once. Plus there would be others around her jerking themselves off. It's been too long since I've had a good cum bath, she thought to herself. It must be at least a week...

Mmmmmm! Jenny continued to enjoy the moment as she remembered her last bukkake about week earlier. At one point twelve guys were erupting cum over her body at the same time, and twenty more were waiting their turn. Not the biggest party she'd been to, but it was still a lot of fun!

But today was a special day, and she wasn't trying to swallow all their delicious sperm... well, at least not yet, she reminded herself. She wanted to collect as much jizz as she could for the chef to use in her specially prepared dinner. So who to bring off first? Let Lady Luck decide...

Ip... Cock in my left hand...

Dip... Mmmmmm... cock in my mouth...

Sky... Cock in my tits...

Blue... Cock in my right hand...

Who's... Cock in my pussy...

It... Cock in my arse...

Yes... Cock in my left hand again...

You...! Yay! The cock in my mouth...!

Jenny lunged forward with her mouth to take the guy's cock balls deep. At seven inches it wasn't any sort of challenge. It barely entered her throat. But, still, she hoped the guy on the receiving end enjoyed it. The moans she heard him making immediately told her that he did...

Come on... Jenny thought, visualizing the activity inside his balls as millions of tiny sperm queuing up, waiting to charge into her mouth. Come to mama...! This way...! Enjoying her little fantasy further, she imagined a few hundred thousand sperm getting confused and heading the wrong way. Oh, no you don't! She thought, and increased the suction of her mouth to a level that would embarrass a vacuum cleaner. Suddenly a tornado was raging through the guy's balls sweeping every single sperm out through his cock and into her waiting mouth!

"Yeaaahhhhsss!" The guy cried, feeling his cock erupt sperm like never before. "Oh my... fucking... Jeez... Oh FUCK!!!!!!!!" The stream of cum continued. What was she doing to him? He'd never felt suction on his cock anything like this before. "Arrrgggggggghhhhh!!!!" The cum continued to pour out of him, and showed no sign of stopping. He had never cum like this before, and it was wonderful! But, just for a moment, he did rather worry if his balls would end up being sucked into his body...

The guy wasn't the only one enjoying the experience. Jenny was in heaven. She'd found another really heavy cummer. A large cock size was nice, but what Jenny really looked for in a man were really big loads! And there was a huge pool of sperm forming in her mouth right now, even bigger than the last guy. Her tongue wasn't bathing in cum this time, it was swimming!

Jenny finally let her mouth slide off the guy's cock and was just about to swallow down the heavenly juice when she noticed the wine glass on the table. Damn! she thought. I really want to swallow this. He is sooooo tasty! It's just one load. It won't hurt... ... No...! I mustn't... I need it for my dinner... OK... Just let the sperm go... Let it go... With enormous strength of will Jenny fought the almost overwhelming urge to swallow and motioned at a waiter to bring over the wine glass. Then she reluctantly drained the delicious contents of her mouth into the glass. Wow! Pretty much half full. You are definitely cumming to my next bukkake!
