 December 2010 (L'Erotic 2010 Show)

This story is dedicated to the real Juggs.

Yes, she's a real person and this story is based on one of our phone conversations.

Thanks, Juggs, for being such great inspiration!

***

I think I'd sat there for about ten solid minutes, just twiddling my thumbs. I looked at my watch.

11.23.

In an hour and 23 minutes we'd sold precisely three DVDs.

I say "we." I was there with a model named Liz. She was 22, 5'9" tall, slender with great legs and a very fine E cup rack.

She'd done her best to reel in the customers. Plenty of guys were happy to stop and chat with her but when it came to spending some cash, they backed off.

My business partner, Michael, and I had spent a long time deciding whether or not to exhibit at the L'Erotic Show this year.

We'd attended the show two years earlier and hadn't sold well then. It soon became apparent that this year wasn't going any better. The recession had meant that attendances were down and people just weren't spending.

***

What had eventually make us decide to pay the £3000 exhibition fees was our amazing new model.

She has been a truly spectacular find... We'd been searching for new models for months without much success. Our company only worked with models sporting E cup or larger breasts, and they're not always easy to find.

And then she phoned us, just like that... out of the blue... And she had everything... beautiful, slightly Oriental looks (She had relatives from out that way somewhere), wonderful coffee coloured skin, and breasts that... well... they are waaaaaayyyy bigger than an E cup!

And she is the absolute perfect model. No matter what you ask of her, she is only too willing to accommodate. Nothing is too much trouble for her. She is an absolute dream!

At the time of the show I'd only worked with her once, and it was a shoot I will never forget! As the old joke says... I knew instantly that this girl had great things in front of her... and I didn't just mean her tits! I knew she was going to be an absolute knockout!

At the end of the shoot I asked her what modelling name she used. She'd never modelled before and didn't have one. After a moment's thought she asked me what I thought would be a good name.

I tried to think, but the sight of her colossal breasts made it hard to concentrate. All I could think about were her staggeringly enormous breasts...

"A name..." I murmured, all the time thinking to myself. Look at those tits!

"Hmmmm..." Dear, God! They're huge!

"Something..." They're bigger than her head!

"That's really you..." Shit! They're bigger than MY head!

"Like..." Oh God, what an amazing pair of... "Juggs."

Hang on... Had I said that last word out loud?

"Juggs..." she repeated, mulling it over and then laughing quietly. "Perfect!"

Evidently I had said it out loud. Well... she seemed to like it. So Juggs it was!

In fact she was so pleased with the name that thereafter she insists I always call her Juggs. She's even got her friends and work colleagues using the name. Now she's known as Juggs to practically everybody!

I knew instantly that Juggs would be a huge draw for the stand. She would easily stand out - literally - from the models on other stands. So I consulted with Michael and once he'd seen the pictures I taken he booked a space at the show immediately.

***

Anyway... back to L'Erotic. After all my earlier confidence the trouble now was that my new wonder-model wasn't here!

It had been one disaster after another... She was supposed to fly into Heathrow that morning (She works as a nurse on The Channel Islands). First the flight was re-routed to the Midlands somewhere because of the snow. Then the roads and railways were backed up for the same reason. I wasn't expecting her for at least another couple of hours at best.

I looked at my watch again (11.26) and sighed.

Riiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnggggggggggg!

I looked at my mobile phone. It was Juggs. I wondered what new disaster had befallen her and despaired of her ever arriving.

"Hi, Juggs," I answered, sullenly.

"Hi, Titboss!" Juggs called out, using her nickname for me. Slurp!

"Any luck?" I asked, wondering what that noise was.

"I'm in the car park," she replied, cheerfully. Schllllluppppp!

"What car park?" I was confused. And what was that noise?

"Mmmmmm... at the show," she explained. Then continued, "Come on... Shoot that cum! I want it in my mouth! Aaaaaa..."

"Pardon?" I almost choked. What the hell was going on?

"Mmmmmm... Mggllbb...! Oh... Yes... That tastes delicious!" Juggs continued. "Sorry, Titboss. Just saying thank you to a couple of policemen. They drove me down here. Flashing blue lights and everything! One down. Just have to finish the other one off. I'll be up in a few minutes." Slurp!

"Oh... right... OK..." I didn't know what else to say. "See you then."

"Mmmmmm... schluuup... mmfffff..." and her phone went dead.

A few minutes later I could see Juggs walking down the hall toward our stand. She was attracting an enormous amount of attention as she walked past the other stands. People stopped what they were doing and were just staring at her. Some pointed. I could see jaws drop open and almost hear the gasps.

Juggs is no stranger to the attention her huge tits attracted. She loves every moment of it. But right now she wore a large, bulky coat because of the cold.

The coat did its best to disguise those tremendous assets of hers, but no mere overcoat could completely hide those immense breasts of hers. Juggs stretched out the top of the coat far more than it was designed for, but it did tone down the nature of her amazing figure a little.

It was only as she approached the stand that I saw the real reason for the strong reactions she was causing...

Her beautiful face was covered in cum. A lot of cum! Someone had really let her have it!

I gasped and felt my own jaw drop open.

"Hiya, Titboss," Juggs greeted me warmly, but I could only stare up at her in disbelief.

There was a growing crowd of people surrounding our stand. All the men, and many women, jostled into a position where they could see Juggs and gawp at the tremendous load on her face.

"How's it going?" she asked, seemingly unaware of the commotion she was causing.

I still didn't say a word. I just stared at her.

"What's the matter?" Juggs tried to keep a straight face, but she was breaking out into a grin. "Have I got something on my face?" She reached up and scraped a finger up the side of her cheek, collecting up about a teaspoon sized globule of sperm. She looked at it as if discovering it for the first time. "Now I wonder how that got there..." She placed her finger into her mouth and sucked off the cum. "Mmmmm!" she murmured. "Delicious!"

"Ewww..." Liz pulled a face as we all watched Juggs slowly scrape up every drop of cum and swallow it down with relish. "Nasty!"

Juggs turned to the blonde model and smiled, her face was glowing with pleasure. "Girl... You have no idea what you're missing!"

Wow! She REALLY loves cum, I thought, and my mind went back to that first photoshoot.

"So, Titboss," Juggs turned toward me as she continued to scrape up and eat the remaining cum from her face. "How's it going?"

"Er... We... er..." I was still having problems focusing. "We've sold three copies of Double D Dames..." I explained. "And..."

"I've sold three," Liz interrupted.

"We've sold three," I insisted and shot Liz a glance. "It's a team effort. And we signed up two new members for the website."

"Do you think I can help?" Juggs asked, as she started to unbutton her coat. "Maybe if I asked nicely, some of these guys would buy a DVD?"

"Pffffff!" Liz scoffed. "What do you think I've been trying to do all morning?"

"I'm sure you did your best," Juggs gave her a short glance before looking back at me. "So, Titboss, do you think I might have more luck?"

Juggs opened up her coat and Liz and I both gasped. Hell, everyone gasped! She was wearing a purple dress which was stretched, almost to transparency, around the largest pair of tits any of us had ever seen.

I don't think I answered her. I just stared at her and those giant breasts hoping the moment would never end. If I hadn't known better I'd have thought she'd over-inflated a couple of balloons and popped them down the front of her dress. But I did know better. Those babies were real!

I don't know how long we all spent gawping at Juggs' immense bust but she finally broke the spell when she walked up to one guy and said "You'd like to buy a DVD, wouldn't you?"

"Er... yeah... sure..." he murmured, not taking his eyes off the outlandishly stretched front of Juggs' dress for a moment.

"Thank you," Juggs smiled at him. "That'll be £10 please. Just put your money in here." She leaned slightly forward and pulled down the top of her dress to reveal several inches of wonderful, mouth-watering cleavage. And there was a lot more where that came from!

The guy still didn't take his eyes off Juggs' twin marvels. Not for a second. I'm not sure he even blinked. He tried reaching into his pocket but somehow couldn't seem to find it.

"Here, let me," Juggs offered with a delightful smile and slowly slid her hand inside his pocket. "Hmmm... must be something here somewhere," she tried not to giggle as she rummaged around.

"Ahhhh..." the guy began to moan, and then I realized that Juggs was making some very rhythmic movements with the hand she had inside his pocket.

My God! She's giving him a handjob, right here, in front of all these people!

I imagine that giving a handjob through a trouser pocket isn't easy, but Juggs made it look simple. The guy was soon breathing very hard and his knees looked decidedly wobbly.

He's cumming, I thought.

"I'm cumming," he gasped, confirming my suspicion, and started to shake.

"Ooops, just a second," Juggs urged and thrust her free hand down the front of the guy's trousers as he finally lost control and began to empty his balls. "Can't have you making a mess, can we?"

"Mnoooooohhhaaahhhhhh!" The guy moaned loudly, totally caught up in the orgasm the amazing Juggs was giving him.

"That's it..." Juggs spoke to him softly. "Let it all out... Give Juggs a nice big load..."

After a few seconds the guy was spent and appeared to be in very great need of a chair.

Meanwhile Juggs very carefully withdrew both hands from the guy's trousers. One was very carefully trying not to spill the milky white contents that pooled in her palm.

She held her cupped hand up to her nose and took in a deep breath. This had two effects. Firstly her expression took on a dreamy look of utter contentment; and secondly her already huge breasts seemed to gain a cup size - possibly two. I waited for them to explode through the top of her dress but somehow it just managed to hang on.

After a few moments Juggs raised her hand and we all watched in quiet awe as a not inconsiderable load of sperm fell into her waiting mouth.

"Mmmm..." Juggs moaned, loving the taste, and she licked up every drop from her hand. "Delicious! If it were up to me I'd give you the DVD for free, but my Titboss is just over there, so I'd better not." She looked over at me and licked her full lips.

Lucky bastard! I thought as I gazed at the beautiful model. I should charge him double!

Charge him double...? I thought again.

As Juggs took payment for the DVD, I quickly tapped some new instructions into the laptop that was running our projector screen.

Under the line that read:-

All DVDs £10

It now said:-

Or buy a DVD from our fabulous new model, Juggs, £20

Looking back now, I could have charged a lot more...

I just finished as Juggs turned and leant over our stand in front of me. Her huge tits hung below her to form a wall of cleavage in front of me. It was a good job I'd finished typing as I suddenly lost all interest in the laptop and just stared at the awesome display of tit in front of me.

"Great idea, Titboss," Juggs placed the £10 she had collected in my hand. "I just knew today was going to be fun!"

By the time Juggs had turned back, there was a queue of customers waiting to buy DVDs from her. In fact there was a near riot! After Juggs' amazing display with her first customer, word travelled around the show like wildfire. Every passing moment saw the queue getting longer and longer.

Juggs walked up to the guy first in line and thrust her hands in both his pockets. She also pressed those incredible tits of hers into his chest. I swear he had to take a step back to avoid being knocked over!

It wasn't long before he too was cumming in his pants. Again Juggs dipped a hand into the front of his trousers to catch the precious load and drank it all down with relish.

However, as amazingly talented as Juggs was with her hands, and as much as she'd liked to have done, there was no way Juggs had the time to stroke them all off. There were just too many...

"Titboss!" Juggs called over as she brought her eighth customer to orgasm. "Would it help if I blow them? It'd be quicker."

"Er... I don't know, Juggs," I was worried that we might be thrown out. What she was doing was risky enough, but as least technically no one could see what was going on. "What about security?"

"If they come over, I'll blow them, too," Juggs shrugged as she dropped to her knees and unzipped the flies of her ninth customer. "Don't worry. They won't give us any trouble."

My mind was working overdrive. Should I say yes? I couldn't afford for us to be thrown out of the show. We'd invested too much in it... What would happen if...

"Arrghhhhh!"

I heard a strangled groan and looked up to see where it was coming from.

"Oooowwhhhh!" Juggs' ninth customer screwed up his eyes and unloaded in her mouth.

Jesus! He's cumming already! How'd she get him to cum so fast! I wondered. Then I thought, at least my decision had been made for me.

I watched in silence as Juggs swallowed down his load and immediately reached for her next customer. He already had his money in his hand and held it out toward her.

"Just pop it in here, honey," Juggs looked down momentarily at her immense cleavage and the guy gingerly slid his hand and the £20 note down the front of her dress. "That's it, don't be shy. Find somewhere nice to put it." She then giggled a little as the guy used this as an excuse to grope one of her huge tits for a few seconds.

By the time he'd finished his short grope Juggs had his flies open and his cock out. He was a pretty big guy, about 8 inches, and already hard. A second later Juggs swooped down on him and her pretty mouth swallowed him instantly to the root.

"Wow!" Liz gasped as she handed the previous customer his DVD. Funny... I'd almost forgotten she was here... The rest of us maintained an awed silence as we watched Juggs work on the guy's cock.

I'd been on the receiving end of that wonderful mouth at the end of our photoshoot, and I can vouch for the magic it can cast over a cock, but the day she chose to take me to Heaven she didn't attack me in the way she did that guy. When she blew me it was a wonderfully slow, leisurely affair, and it produced the biggest loads I've ever produced.

Of course there hadn't been a queue of guys waiting behind me...

Right now Juggs was blowing for speed. Her head bobbed up and down so fast she was almost a blur. She also twisted her head in circular motions and I knew her talented tongue had already learned all the guy's sensitive spots and was using them to drive him to ecstasy.

I couldn't have been watching Juggs for much more than a minute before the guy also spilled his load into her mouth. Again she swallowed it down and called over the next guy in line.

Customer number ten hobbled over to my desk to collect his DVD. He was so drained I thought he was going to collapse, but he had a look of utter contentment on his face. Then, as he walked off with a dreamy expression still on his face, I looked up at the growing queue in front of our stand.

I'm not greedy but, despite the great business we were doing, for a moment I thought about the money we'd lose because we'd never be able to keep up with this level of demand.

For a start we don't have that many DVDs with us, I thought to myself, and there is no way that Juggs can keep blowing guys like th...

My thoughts froze and I wondered for a moment if Juggs could read my mind.

Her eleventh customer had just unloaded his balls into her mouth when she waved over not one customer but three!

There was a twenty second or so gropefest as the three guys fought desperately to manhandle her enormous tits on the pretence of pushing their money down her top.

"No need to fight over them, guys," Juggs laughed at their clumsy attempts to grapple her huge balloons. "There's no rush and there's plenty to go around." There was, too. Her huge tits were more than a match for just three pairs of hands.

Within those twenty seconds Juggs had expertly opened all their flies and pulled out their cocks. The guy immediately in front of her was the first to have his seven inch cock thrust straight down her throat while the other two, one either side of her, had their cocks pumped up and down by her soft, delicate hands. One was a pretty regular six inches but the other, belonging to a tall blonde guy, was at least a foot long! It was easily the biggest cock I'd ever seen but it didn't phase Juggs for a moment.

Her hand was working its way up and down a long way. My eyes strayed for a few seconds from the exquisite deep throat blowjob the first guy was getting to the hypnotic rhythm of Juggs' fist pumping up and down that foot long plus cock. I couldn't believe she could keep up that pace up and down without wearing her arm out but, as I now know, that girl has had a lot of practice!

As I turned my attention back to the guy buried deep in Juggs' throat he, too, began to blow his load. Jeez! I thought. How fast is she blowing them! As he staggered back Juggs swallowed, waved the next guy over, and transferred the guy with the huge dick into her mouth. She literally led him round to her front by his cock!

After releasing the guy's giant cock, Juggs reached out with her free hand and unzipped the newcomer. With just one hand, and unable to see anything of what she was doing, she expertly unzipped him, pulled out his cock and began pumping her hand up and down, priming him ready to cum.

Considering the size of the blonde guy's cock I, and probably everyone else watching, expected Juggs to take the first few inches and suck on that until he came. However, his incredible length sank down her throat, just as fast and just as easily as the others, until she had him balls deep without any hesitation at all.

Juggs continued to bob her head up and down. She pulled her head all the way back so that there couldn't have been more than an inch left in her mouth. Then she plunged back down to the root of the guy's cock. Interestingly, she worked his cock slower than the others. She wasn't rushing him like the first few guys, although she didn't spend as long blowing him as she did me when we first met.

Juggs also began making little moaning sounds of her own, although they were hard to hear over the ecstatic groaning sounds the guy was making. Anyone watching could tell that she was really enjoying herself, and that was why she was taking her time blowing him. But she had a queue of guys to blow and who knew how many pints of cum still to swallow so his time had to come...
