 My pussy was stuffed full but my mouth was empty and my ass was too, but not for long. The coach decided it was time I had an older cock in my ass. The center moved his large hands to my pink nipples, he looked at my face and asked “You ready to be really fucked slut? You want all these cocks?” as he pinched at my nipples. I moaned “yes…please…fuck me. I want all of you to cum and use me…hmmm….please let me fuck all of you” as he thrust his cock into my cunt. I felt the coach’s large black cock probing at my virgin asshole as the center held my hips down on his cock. “Here we go” laughed the coach. He pushed his cock slowly into my tight little ass, “want it slow bitch?” He asked as he started penetrating me. “Please, it hurts, don’t go too fast” I cried. I couldn’t see his smile, but I saw the center sneering. I knew what was coming, I felt the coaches strong hands gripping deeply into my hips and then he suddenly rammed his hard cock into my virgin ass.

The pain was amazing, I never knew my body could hold that much cock at once. As much as it hurt, I never wanted a single cock again. I wanted to be full of hard cocks as much as I could. So that is how my days as a slut began. From that day in the locker room when all the players and coaches took turns on my holes. I loved how they traded me off, making me feel like their whore, Hmmm….my little pussy is getting wet just thinking about it. All those big cocks just fucking me, they didn’t really care how I felt, but then again I wasn’t concerned with them either. I just wanted to be full. That night marked another first for me, I was finally with a woman. One of the other cheerleaders wanted to celebrate the victory as well. Her name was Missy and she had long bleached blonde hair, bright blue eyes, and  great rack. 

Missy was the all American cheerleader, and I had wanted to taste her since the moment I saw her. I had no clue she wanted me just as badly not to mention, all the cock in the room. Our town was small and Missy and I plus most of the other cheerleaders were wealthier than most, so our parents were often racist. And prejudiced against gays, so I never thought Missy was a muff diving slut. She walked over to me and smiled, “My turn next boys. I want to eat her pussy while someone fucks my lil pink cunt.” She smirked.  I moaned louder as the coach and the center fucked me hard, pistoning their black cocks in and out of my tight ass and pussy. I loved this, and I was so excited about having Missy eat my cunt that I came all over Jamal (the center)’s cock. I screamed as both men continued to pound me. “Ahh, her ass is squeezing the cum from my balls” the coach cried out as Jamal screamed and flooded my unprotected cunt with his hot sperm. 

Missy began to strip, undulating sexily to the music in the parking lot. I had seen her tits bare before, we often changed together but now I could really look. They were breathtaking. Large upturned dark pink nipples capped soft looking white mounds of flesh. She must have been a 38D or bigger. Her body was lightly tanned all over, her belly was nice and flat with just a pooch at her lower stomach. She kept her blonde pussy mostly shaved, just a strip down the middle like my own darker haired cunt. Her little pussy was a beautiful shade of pink, and she had a silver barbell shot through her hood. That piercing looked so hot next to that mouth watering pussy. I wanted the coach to nut in my ass so I could feel Missy’s tongue bury itself into my cunt, but he was taking his time. I started to slam my ass into his cock, really loving the way he felt buried in my bowels. 

His cock in my ass hurt at first, but now I wanted him to really ram into me, I wanted to be fucked hard. “You like that slut? You like fucking my cock onto your tight white ass. I own you bitch.” He yelled as he slammed his cock into my tight hole and simultaneously slammed his hand onto my ass. He was spanking me! I’d never had anyone treat me like this much of a slut before. I loved it, fucking loved it. This black man who was old enough to be my father was fucking my rich white ass and spanking me at the same time, calling me all kinds of names, “Slut, fucking whore. You love this cock don’t you? Love my old black dick fucking you,  slapping your ass as I fuck it. I own you whore, you know that? I own your ass!” he cried out as he came hard in my ass. I loved that warm, wet feeling in my holes, I felt used. They did own me. Anyone who could fuck me owned me. 

Missy smiled and slinked over to me. She grinned and licked her lips as she sank to her knees in front of me. She raised her hands to my big tits and lightly ran her thumbs over my nipples, they hardened with need. I wanted her hot mouth on my tits or on my pussy, I needed her all over me. She rose up to kiss my mouth, she tasted like lipstick, I knew I tasted of lipstick and cock. I hoped she tasted the coaches cock on my tongue. Her lips and mine were painted a whorish red, it showed up well in the stadium lights, our mouths were slippery on each other. Missy’s tiny pink tongue drifted into my mouth, licking as it went. I sucked a bit on her tongue and suddenly she lost it! ( My pussy is so wet now as I’m writing this, I love touching my slick cunt lips, hmm….since my experience with missy, my own hood is pierced, as well as my nipples but that is another story.) Missy climbed all the way on top of me and began fucking my mouth with her tongue. It wasn’t tiny now, she had the longest, wettest, most talented tongue!

Her hands were all over my horny white body, she was pinching my nipples as she kissed me hard, plunging her tongue in and out of my wet lips. I couldn’t stop moaning as she mauled me, I loved the way she took control. Her slender hands and long fingers soon found my wet slit. Missy was probing my pussy with her fingers as her tongue searched my mouth. I was grinding my hips into her arm, fucking my wet horny pink pussy onto her fingers as the team and coaches watched us. They all had their long hard cocks out, slowly stroking off to the sapphic show before them. At that moment all I wanted was to bury my tongue in Missy’s blond pussy as she ate me out. I started kissing all over her face, biting at her lips, and licking her neck. She just laughed, “no no, my little slut. You can’t taste me yet. I want to make you cum all over my face and then you can eat me.”

Missy began working her hot tongue down my body, licking and sucking her way to my big tits. I couldn’t stop moaning as my cunt leaked copiously. Her lips and teeth soon closed hard over my nipples, one after the other, making me cry out in both pain and pleasure. Her fingers were still pumping into my cunt as she played with my tits. I loved Missy’s sharp teeth pinching at my tender nipples, and her soft tongue soothing me. Finally her loving mouth left my tits and moved down my stomach. I was thrusting my wet pussy at her mouth as the guys surrounding us laughed and taunted me. “whore” “Look at her, can’t wait for the blonde whore to lick her” “damn bitch we’re gonna tear you up.” Suddenly her tongue was buried in my pussy, licking and sucking me into orgasm after orgasm.