 This is wear the story largely picks up, and there have been some major edits in light of the quality of our last submission (in our eyes). Any help or criticism on any elements would be appreciated, even encouraged.

-Dori and Sen

-----

As always, all characters engaged in sexual activities are over 18.

-----

Andrew always thought that his first threesome, if he ever had one, was going to have to be an elaborate seduction of one or more females and a lot of luck.

Of course, he wasn't disappointed either when he walked into Kathy's room after school to find her in a 69 with Sheri, with Sheri facing away from Andrew. Kathy motioned for him to approached, as he was mesmerized by Sheri's tanned athletic ass grinding against his girlfriend's face.

He moved over his girlfriend's head, his torso inches from Sheri's ass. He immediately shed his clothes, and his large cock was at attention, awaiting orders from the busty blonde.

Kathy ceased eating Sheri and took his cock into her open throat, taking down all nine inches in one slow stroke. As his manhood hit the back of her throat, he couldn't help but let out a groan of ecstasy, whereas Sheri looked back and smiled, "Hey Andrew."

Kathy then took his cock, dripping with saliva, into Sheri's box. The other blonde could be heard groaning as his length made it's way inside her. Andrew, though surprised at the pace this was going, knew to grab Sheri's curvy hips and thrust himself inside her. As he started to work his length inside her, Kathy used her skillful mouth to give Andrew's large balls a tongue bath.

It was a sight to behold: a shapely cheerleader licking the snatch of a busty blonde soccer player, whom was licking her boyfriend's balls, as he pumped his thick nine inches into the cheerleader's tight twat.

This went on for another few minutes, with Andrew slamming his cock harder and harder into Sheri, until the other blonde slumped over and cried out in ecstasy, her juices flowing around Andrew's girth and her pussy clamping down on his cock.

"Shit, I'm about... to cum," Andrew struggled to form the words as he was trying to keep from exploding. He pulled himself out of Sheri and into his girlfriend's awaiting mouth. But once he saw Sheri pull her head off Kathy's pussy and look at him, Kathy's juices all over he face and hair, he launched wad after wad down Kathy's open throat.

After he was done, he fell back onto the floor of the bedroom, looking up at the ceiling. As he panted, he could see Kathy licking her own juices off Sheri's face, the two sharing sporadic kisses. Kathy giggled as she climbed down from the bed.

"This is only the beginning, sweetie." She said in a seductive voice as her and Sheri proceeded to move in on Andrew's body.

-----

An hour later the Sheri and Kathy lay naked on Kathy's bed, but Andrew was already dressing back into his clothes. As he grabbed his shirt Sheri shook her head, "C'mon, stay here. You have two hot chicks ready to fuck you until your big balls fall off. Aren't guys supposed to think with their dicks?"

Andrew smiled and shook his head, "Sorry have a test tomorrow, and I haven't studied at all."

Truth be told, Andrew would love to stay and fuck each of them again and again, but he came at least a half dozen times so far and the last one in Sheri's ass really spent him. His male pride kept him from admitting it, though.

"Wait... wait." Kathy spoke distantly. She had had multiple orgasms in the last hour, the last having her pussy being fucked by Andrew while Sheri liked her clit. For the last few minutes she had been quiet, but she nevertheless wearily got up and wrapped her arms around Andrew's neck, then went into a long and passionate kiss. After Andrew grabbed Kathy's shapely ass, she asked, "One more time?"

But Andrew's growing dick was already hurting, "Sorry babe, but..."

Not a moment too soon a car could be heard coming into the driveway. Andrew stole a quick glance out the second story window to see Paulina, Kathy's mom, assist her twelve year old daughter Dawn into getting the groceries out of the car.

"Shit, your mom's home." Andrew said, tossing Kathy her undergarments and clothes that were on the floor. He stole a quick glance at her bra measurements: 36D. He thought it was odd he didn't know them by heart by now.

Kathy seemed to awake and quickly dressed herself, whilst Sheri was desperately getting her clothes on as well. Andrew stole out of the bedroom door, saying his goodbyes, and leaving the two females to dress themselves. In the end, Sheri forgot her bra and only had a shirt, and Andrew absent mindedly left a pack of condoms in Kathy's nightable.

Andrew was at the front doorway when Dawn opened the door. She looked a lot like her older sister, but she was much more bubbly and cheery, with her hair falling straight down instead of curling slightly like Kathy's.

"Hey Andy!" Dawn said in her squeaky little girl's voice. The youngest of the family took a liking to Andrew almost instantly, saying that he was a "big bear" because of his height and the fact that he seemed to hug her older sister a lot.

"Hi Dawn, how are you?" Andrew asked.

"Fine." She said, then went on to the kitchen to unload the groceries in her small arms.

"Oops!" Paulina gasped as one of the three bags she was carrying dropped out of her hands. Andrew caught it before it hit the ground, and brought it up to give to Paulina, whom was bending over slightly and giving him a splendid view of her low-cut top and large breasts.

Paulina was not fully blonde, unlike her daughters, but had a dirty-blonde bob that was a few inches above the her slender shoulders, which led down to her voluptuous body standing at just under 5'6". She wasn't the perfect soccer mom, but was definitely a MILF at thirty eight.

"Thank you Andrew." She replied as he set the bag on the stool.

"Your welcome Mrs. Rog- I mean..." Andrew tripped over his words.

He had learned recently that Paulina and her husband, whom had thought good of Andrew, were divorced but not out of unhappiness. Her husband, Donald, was a Navy petty officer and had traveled throughout various bases and on various ships, frequently away from his family. Paulina and Donald only filed the divorce because she wanted to no longer have to have a husband always away from her. They got along famously, but when Donald got transferred to the local recruiting station, they still didn't remarry and still live in separate homes.

Paulina chuckled at his mistake. "Andrew, I keep telling you, call me Paulina."

"Sorry... Paulina." Andrew said, embarrassed. "Anyway, I just finished," Andrew was struggling to find an excuse to why he was there, "Studying with Sheri and Kathy. Gotta be home for dinner."

Andrew rushed out the door and to his old pickup, with Paulina giggling and waving as he drove off.

Once the groceries were unloaded, Paulina dropped by Kathy's room to find the two of them gossiping about something. She noticed Sheri lacked a bra, apparent by her stiff nipples.

"How did you guys hold up while I was gone?" Paulina asked, a bit suspiciously.

"Oh, Andrew brought over a few CDs for us to listen to. We watched TV for a bit, it was fun." Kathy replied, giggling along with Sheri.

This is odd, Paulina thought, one said they had fun, the other that they were studying. She then pursued further.

"Andrew said you guys went for a little swim." Paulina lied.

"Oh, yeah. We made sure our hair didn't get wet." Sheri lied in turn.

Stranger, Paulina thought, and I haven't washed Kathy's bikini from yesterday.

As she closed the door, she could hear Kathy's hushed whispers: "Well, we got drenched in something." More giggles followed.

Paulina walked down the hall, contemplating what she just heard. Are they having sex? With Sheri? She knew Andrew was a handsome boy, attractive even to her, but all three of them? Paulina decided to look more into it later, it could be her just being suspicious.

-----

It was cheer practice a few days later when Ami observed Sheri gossiping with two other cheerleaders after their warm-up run. Ami didn't butt in, but as she set up the boom box for music for their workout, she couldn't help but listen to what they were saying.

"You guys know Andrew Parkers?" Sheri asked.

"You mean that loner bastketball player?" One of them scoffed, clearly wondering what was so special about him.

"He's cute." The second said stiffly to the other.

"And he's packed, too," Sheri grinned, then stage whispered,"At least nine inches, and filled me up for an hour."

"Your lying," the first giggled, but the second was clearly interested.

"Actually, he filled me AND Kathy up." Sheri corrected, her grin widening.

"Seriously," the first girl stopped laughing and gave her an odd look, "BOTH of you? I thought they were dating."

"They are, but Andrew can plug any pussy, and Kathy can lick any. They're both pretty good, too." Sheri said, not bothering to keep quiet anymore.

"You have to be kidding me," the second finally said something.

"If you don't believe me, ask Kathy or Andrew." Sheri rebutted, and the other two didn't speak much.

But Ami's eyebrows shot up. Well well well, Andrew wasn't being a cheating bastard, even though he damn near looked like he was, Ami thought, maybe I'll give him a second chance.

-----

"Thanks babe, I needed that." Andrew said.

Kathy didn't reply, simply sucking the last of his cum off his stiff rod. She took several seconds, lavishing it with her tongue until his girth entered a flaccid state.

"No problem, hon," was her reply. Kathy had learned to swallow all his sperm in the last few weeks, and was becoming very adept at it. She then pulled up her top, which had been pushed under her tits for Andrew's enjoyment only.

As the two climbed out of his pickup from it's secluded spot in the back of the school, Kathy turned to face Andrew, "And, sorry I won't be able to, um, 'study' tonight, but I forgot that Lori is coming over."

She looked genuinely apologetic, but Andrew smiled, "You've let me screw around, why not I send someone else too?"

"Wait, your not disappointed that we can't screw?" Kathy replied. Inexperienced with male-female relationships, she thought men were high maintainence and horny, based on what her friends told her. And after having a crush on him for years, she practically treated him like royalty, which if anything Andrew hated.

"No, I hope you guys fuck each other all night." Andrew said and moved in to kiss her cheek.

-----

AP World History, the most bland, boring, passive class there had to be, Andrew thought. It wasn't that he found it hard, on the contrary he found this class and Biology to be his strongest classes.

But it was so fucking boring. The only consolation was the girls. Of course Andrew's girlfriend, whom happened to be the star soccer forward and one of the smartest people at school, had the same class... in a different period. He was forced, brace yourselves, to look at the other hot girls, including the head cheerleader. Yes, Ami Rodriguez was a half-latina wet dream waiting to happen: short figure, oversized breasts, and a supple ass that had been toned only after years of hard running.

Poor Andrew. Actually, Andrew was in the doghouse it seemed with Ami, after his boner not only caught the girl's eye, but she at first welcomed it, before turning it away and driving off in fury, leaving a clueless Andrew behind.

But as school ended with the blissful sound of the schoolbell, Ami actually walked up the Andrew, whom was packing up his notes and ready to make a beeline home before traffic slowed him down.

"Andrew?" Came a confident, cheerful voice.

The boy turned to see Ami's boobs practically in his face as he bent down to pick up a book he dropped.

"Uh yeah?" Andrew recovered and packed his bag, surprised to have Ami talking to him.

"I need a little tutoring in history, I was wondering if you could maybe..." Ami suddenly had started to stumble over her words. Was she nervous? A bit scared? Snap out of it! she told herself as she regains her composure, "if you could come and tutor me tonight?"

Andrew rushed to answer, "Sure."

"Six o'clock, my place."

"I'll be there." Andrew said, nearly bursting with excitement as he took a small paper from Ami, detailing her number and address.

Once Ami walked away, she couldn't help but thinking that she might have an awkward sexual situation, then scoffed at herself. He's teaching me history, how much more boring could you get? she thought.

-----

An hour ago Andrew had arrived at Ami's house, his notes and history book under his arm. The house was empty save Ami, though she didn't know her mom was having to go back to the office for a night meeting. Ami had just come back from cheer practice, sweaty and such, where she had Andrew wait a few minutes so she could shower and change. When she came out, she had shorts and a tight t-shirt on. Again, for some apparent reason these were the only cloths in the vicinity. Fate can be a cruel (?) bitch. Ami and Andrew both thought there would be nothing remotely sexual about this evening.

They started studying, the Napoleonic Wars in fact.Their teacher alluded that an upcoming pop quiz was going to have the life of Napoleon, so they were plowing through the textbook and their notes.

"So did Napoleon gain any real prestige in Italy? It sounded like he established himself as an effective commander when he was in Southern France." Ami queried.

"Enough to gain him a wife." Andrew replied monotonously, trying his best not to look at Ami. He didn't want another boner to throw him off, he reminded himself everything needed to be mended.

"Who was he married to?" Ami asked.

"Two women, actually. Funny in a way." Andrew replied with a sly grin, turning to look only at Ami's face, "He first married some French bitch after Italy. She was a goldigger, and was too old to keep bouncing around the beds of the Parisian aristocracy. She caught Napoleon's eye, and she couldn't pass up the opportunity to marry him."

"A MILF?" Ami chuckled, "But why was she a bitch?"

"When in Egypt, among other places, Napoleon was faithful, but his wife was not." Andrew began, feeling his prick rise as he saw Ami's breasts rapidly rise and fall from her laughing, "He also wrote her letters of his love and things he would do to her to make her happy, most of them in bed. She read these aloud to her friends for entertainment and laughed at them. When he found out, he told her no more philandering, though he could do all the women he wanted, but she would get all else she desired."

"Serves her right. A man did that to me, I couldn't keep my hands off him." Ami said.

Another inch of Andrew's boner came to life. How the fuck did this become so sexual? Andrew thought.

"The other marriage was between him and a young princess. It was entirely political, but the night of the wedding the bride only relunctantly entered his bedchambers." Andrew continued, "When Napoleon came out hours later, one of his entourage asked 'how she was', and Napoleon replied, 'She wanted more, and more, and more.'"

They both laughed at that, but now Ami was getting wet by this, and she also recognized Andrew's frantic attempts to hide his raging hard-on. She bit her lower lip, before resting her hand on his thigh, mere inches from his prick.

"Every had a girl tell you to 'give me more?'" Ami asked with a pleasant smile. If she hadn't been so horny, she would've recognized how stupid that sentence sounded. If all the blood wasn't in his dick, Andrew would've realized it as well.

This was the biggest what-the-fuck moment of Andrew's life so far. Is she trying to seduce him after last time? Well, if she gets mad, then it's her problem, both his dick and brain agreed.

"Freqently." Was the reply, followed by Ami's squeeze of his cock. A short gasp later and she put forth another question: "Why don't you show me what get's those girls so excited."

Not three seconds later Andrew's fly was down, with eager assistance from Ami. She marveled at it's length, about nine inches. Quite large, but not too cumbersome. Andrew's pants followed, and Ami led her mouth onto the large purple head of his dick as she knelt in front of him. This illicited a groan of pleasure from Andrew, followed by ecstasy as his top four inches descended down her throat.

Three more inches followed, and Andrew instantly knew she was not a novice at giving head. She bobbed her head faster and faster, keeping up a good pace. She hummed to make his cock feel the vibrations, making him extra sensitive to her ministrations, and moved down the last two inches, officially deepthroating him.

Ami then pulled off, precum and saliva dripping from the cock to her lips. She looked at Andrew in the sluttiest way she could and asked: "Can you fuck my face?"

This drove Andrew wild with lust. He simply grabbed her head through her silky black hair, and slammed his cock in and out of her mouth. Cum came easy at this point, from which she swallowed most of it, but some was still left. Eventually she came up against his hand for breath, with long strands of sperm from her lips connecting to his cock. She breathed deeply, muttered something incoherent, and attacked his cock with ferocity, loving it with her mouth, throat, and tongue. She beckoned the last drops of sperm out and into her mouth, but continued to maul it with her tongue.

In the end both were weary and laid there for a few minutes. Andrew's limp dick decided it would be safer not to rise again, which Ami would happily answer with another heinous sexual act.

"Ami, that was the best blowjob I've ever had." Andrew complimented, and was met by a wry smile.

"Andrew, you have the best cock I've ever sucked. Managed to last pretty long too. I have more..." Ami was cut off when she heard her mom arriving home from her meeting. But she didn't want Andrew to leave satisfied, she wanted him to leave wanting more. In any event, he could fuck or get a blowjob from Kathy or Sheri. She wanted to give him something special.

Ami stepped forward and lifted her shirt, burying his face in her large breasts whilst taking his hands to cup her ass. Not ten seconds later she let go and dropped her shirt and told him that this wasn't the last of what she was going to give him.

And wisely he believed her.

-----

Kathy's eyes went wide at the events Andrew told her of the night before as he parked his pickup at the fairgrounds, which hosted the D5 Concert.

"Andrew, you just nailed the head cheerleader, and she wants to give you more? This nympho is worse than me, you are one lucky son-of-a-bitch." Kathy gave a small smile, "Wish I was there, Ami sounds like she's good with her tongue."

"Guess I am pretty lucky. Of course having an amazing-ass girlfriend also is part of it." Andrew grinned back.

"Aww, your sweet, but just my ass is amazing?" Was Kathy's rebuttal.

"No, there's your blonde locks, your face, which was carved by angels, your amazing figure, your golden skin, and a smile that melts the coldest of hearts." Andrew replied.

"You mean the hair you grab for a blowjob, the face you fuck, the tits you maul, the ass you screw, and the mouth that works wonders over your big, thick cock." She emphasized "big" and "thick", "But it's the thought that counts."

The concert itself was phenomenal, local acts doing good covers and a few original songs. It had everything a concert should have, including the potheads and drunks. Though the potheads stayed in their cars or in the corners of the outdoor stadium, the drunks were all over the place. Andrew had already recieved multiple invitations by intoxicated women to meet them in their respective cars for a good fucking. But he was here with his girlfriend on a date, not looking for sex. Luckily for him, his patience paid off.
