 Two years had now passed since Laura and Paul had started their sexual adventure. They had pretty quickly moved on from Webcams to threesomes then to orgies, making films etc. Laura had probably fucked more than a couple of hundred men in this time, all with Paul's encouragement, while he had racked up quite a number of other women.

"I think I need a break from our lifestyle for a while." Laura said to him in bed one night.

It had been quite a while since they had enjoyed any kind of normal sex between just the two of them. Paul let her continue.

"I just can't remember the last time we just made love." She went on, "Or even had a real dirty session with just the two of us."

Paul said nothing at this stage, but knew she was right. They met people for sex most weekends, rarely did a week go by without them having some kind of sex with multiple partners.

"I suppose you're right." Paul replied. "Do you think we're addicted to it now?" 

"I think we're pretty close if not already." Laura continued. "I'm not saying we should quit altogether, just maybe make it an exception rather than a rule."

Paul said nothing for now but knew she made sense. 

"Let's set aside Saturday night." Laura went on. "Let's just go down the local, get pissed and have drunken, rude sex just like we used to. Just you and me."

"That does sound like fun, I've got to admit." Paul replied.

He had it in the back of his mind that this wouldn't be enough for either of them. Their sex life had moved so far on from "Vanilla" now, he wondered if they would be able to keep this up. He agreed that it was a good idea trying though.

"Why don't we make it a couple of months then?" Paul suggested. "Just you and me until then and see what we both think?"

Laura nodded her agreement.

"Then, if we do fancy doing other stuff again we can discuss it then. He continued. "We could always limit what we do as well. Not Gangbangs and Orgies all the time."

Laura agreed. Although she had enjoyed all the fun, she had also became a bit detached from the reality of what she was doing. Desensitized even. Maybe this could reignite her passion for normal sex.

When the Saturday night arrived, they felt a kind of relief that they were out without any pressure of meeting anybody. They both realized just how into the scene they had been.

For the whole night, they just chatted about random stuff, getting slowly more drunk as they did.

By the end of the night, the conversation got back to sex. Laura was pretty drunk by now and Paul was well on his way. The chat was lighter than it had been lately, they joked about some of the experiences they'd had, rather than the usual intense talk.

"I really want you to fuck me tonight." Laura half slurred to Paul. "Let's be really dirty, like when we first met."

"Tell me what you want me to do to you." Paul told her.

"I want you to lick my pussy until I come." She told him. "I'm not even going to touch your cock until you've made me come at least once."

Paul mockingly bowed to her, agreeing to her demands.

"Then I want you to lick my arsehole." She went on, "If you do a good enough job, then I'll suck your cock."

"You are demanding tonight." Paul said with a smile. 

"Well you did ask me!" Laura retorted. 

"What next?" Paul asked her, getting more obviously turned on now.

"Then you're going to fuck me." Laura continued. "You're going to make me come again. If you come before I do you'll just have to finish the job with your tongue again."

Paul finished his pint, and ushered Laura towards the pub exit. They staggered the 5 minute walk home, starting to undress each other as soon as they got through the back door. 

Laura was true to her word, never once touching Paul's cock while they kissed. She could feel his naked, erect cock pressing against her, and had to really hold back from doing anything to him.

Once they had stumbled up the stairs, leaving a trail of clothes behind them, Paul laid Laura down and began kissing and licking her breasts.

Paul wasted no time tracing his tongue down her stomach until he reached her well trimmed pubic mound. He teased her, kissing her softly, but not diving in as he often did. Laura was squirming by now, she could feel his breath against her wetness. 

Laura gasped when Paul finally made contact with her moist lips, she ground her hips towards Paul, surrendering herself to him fully. Paul licked up and down her lips, again teasing her for another minute before finally concentrating on her clit. Paul started licking it slowly at first, before gradually speeding up, licking in a circular motion.

It only took another couple of minutes of this attention before Laura came. Her orgasm felt wonderful as it washed over her.

Paul then pushed her legs back, remembering from earlier Laura's orders to lick her arsehole. He teased around the outside of her rim for a good while before starting to probe more deeply into her hole. Laura started to play with her clitoris while he tongued her arse. Paul happily continued to rim Laura while she brought herself off, this taking no more than a couple of minutes.

Paul then gave her no time to get her breath back, slipping his straining, erect cock deep into her aching cunt. The pleasure was intense for Laura, she was now screaming, digging her nails into her husband's back as he fucked her. 

After a couple of minutes, Paul started to breath heavier, Laura knew he was coming.

"Pull out." She told him, "I need to suck your cock before you come tonight."

Paul did as he was told, taking his slick cock out and offering it to her. Laura sucked him hard, licking her juices from his wet shaft, loving the taste of her sex on him.

The blowjob only lasted a short while before Laura stopped and told him to fuck her again. She got onto all fours and pushed her bum up towards Paul. He once again slid into his wife and fucked her hard. This time he lasted no more than 30 seconds before he could hold out no more. 

Paul shot a huge load into his wife. He could feel bolt after bolt spilling into her. The couple collapsed onto the bed, completely spent, sweating and exhausted. They barely spoke, dropping off to sleep, happy and satisfied.

The following morning they made love again, it was slower and less frantic this time, just like it should be on a hung over Sunday morning.

Over the following week, they felt closer than they had for a while. Their weekend session had seemed to bring back the spark between them. Despite this, Paul still found himself looking on swinging sites, wishing he could arrange a meet. He didn't though, he was determined to keep up his end of their deal.

"I've got a surprise for you." Laura shouted down from upstairs while Paul sat drinking a beer, watching football.

"What are you up to?" Paul asked, intrigued.

"You'll have to wait a couple more minutes." She replied.

Laura had been upstairs or about 15 minutes now, sick of watching Match of the Day. Paul now wanted to see what Laura was up to, but waited until she was ready.

Another 10 minutes passed before Laura finally came down. She strutted in wearing her French Maid outfit that he had bought for a fancy dress party a few years ago. She had put on a few pounds since she had worn it last but she looked fantastic. The tight material clung to all of her curves, the skirt barely covering her bum, the top barely containing her ample tits. She also had a pair of fishnet stockings on and heavy makeup to emphasize her tarty look.

"You like it then?" Laura asked him.

"You look great!" Paul replied, feeling the stirrings of an erection. "I haven't seen you wear that for years!"

"I thought this would make a nice change." She said, casting her eye over the growing bulge in his trousers.

Laura dropped to her knees between his legs and started to fondle his cock through his jeans. His erection was now straining to be released. Laura then undid his trousers, sliding them and his pants to the floor, allowing his cock free. 

"Looks like my outfit did the trick then!" Laura said, admiring her husband's impressive erection.

"This one always worked for me." Paul replied as she started to stroke his cock and balls.

Laura then went to work on him with her mouth. She started licking his balls, gently sucking them into her mouth whilst keeping eye contact with him. She then started to lick up his shaft, only lightly at this stage, teasing him. Paul was dying for her to swallow his length but still she teased him.

Paul let out a groan when Laura finally put the tip of his cock in her mouth. She now alternated between sucking him and licking his shaft, being sure not to make him come yet. Laura them started working more on the base of his cock and back to his balls again, before moving along his perineum.

Paul had a fair idea what was coming, he hoped he did anyway. Laura pushed his legs back a little and allowed her tongue to flick across his arsehole. Again she teased him, moving back up his perineum and back to his balls before once again flicking her tongue around his hole.

Laura kept this up for a couple of minutes before starting to concentrate on his rim. She had learnt over the last couple of years just how much men enjoyed this practice. She hadn't been keen at first but was now totally into it. Paul moaned louder as she worked on his hole with her tongue, firstly rimming, then probing more deeply. His cock was now starting to ooze with precum.

Laura then stood up and slowly lifted up her skirt, revealing that she had no knickers on. She was also completely shaven. Paul could see a glistening wetness as she started to play with herself. Laura was loving putting this kind of show on her her man, milking his undivided attention. This was something else she had missed, having Paul all to herself, not having loads of other distractions going on at the same time.

"I want to taste you." Paul told her.

"Lay on the floor then." She replied, making it clear that she was the one in charge tonight.

Paul did as he was told. Laura stood astride his face, still playing with herself, giving him a fantastic view of her pussy. She then dropped to her knees, positioning herself over his face and allowing him access to her wet pussy.

Laura was reveling this, being in control and having her husband do as she please. Paul was now buried in her pussy, tasting her wet pussy, probing as deep into her as he could.

Laura was soon squirming on Paul's face, her hairless pussy feeling even more sensitive than usual. Paul now worked more on her clit, concentrating on this and bringing her to orgasm. Paul's face was now covered in her juices as she shook violently, coming on his face.

"I'm loving this!" Paul said as they got their breath back. 

"See," Laura said. "It doesn't have to be dull just because it's only the 2 of us!

Laura then led Paul upstairs, she knew he needed to come soon. 

"I want you to fuck me. Hard." She told him. "And when you're ready, you can pull out and come all over my dress."

Laura knew that this was one of Paul's little fetishes, he wouldn't be able to hold out for long.

Paul literally threw Laura down on the bed, roughly spreading her legs. He was now in control and loving it. Without anymore fuss Paul forcefully entered her, making her gasp as he did. He gave it to her hard as she had asked and was feeling like he was going to come in seconds.

Paul lasted for only about a minute before pulling his slick cock out of his wife's soaking slit. The first bolt of come flew out an landed on Laura's face. The next few rained down on her dress, making a complete mess of it. He had also covered her bald pussy in the stuff. Paul always came loads, but this was impressive even for him!

"That is some load!" Laura laughed. "You'd think you haven't had sex for weeks!"

"This is what you do to me!" He replied. "That was amazing."

"I told you it would be good for us to get back to basics a bit." Laura said. "And beside, I haven't finished with you yet tonight."

"What else have you got in mind?" He asked.

"Well you haven't given my arse any attention yet you naughty boy!" She teased him.

Paul motioned for Laura to turn over, putting a pillow under her hips. Her dress was already well hitched up so her bumhole was on display for him. Paul gently kissed her on the cheeks before starting to work his fingers up and down the crack of her arse. Laura was already moaning softly again by now, she was desperate for him to rim her now.

Paul then started flicking his tongue around her opening, making only the slightest contact with her anus. He kept this going until Laura started to press her hips back towards him. This was a clear sign that she needed him to lick her properly. He did as she wanted and started to concentrate on her bumhole, probing her gently, entering her arse with the tip of his tongue. This made Laura squirm and push her hips back onto him more, she now had his Tongue pushing into her as far as possible. 

Laura was by now masturbating again, rubbing her clot hard while Paul attended to her arsehole. Paul then reached for the lubricant from the bedside drawer and applied a sizeable dollop onto her hole. Laura knew what was coming, this is what she needed. Paul entered her with 1 finger, then used a 2nd to help open her up, ready or his cock.

"So you want my cock in your arse then?" He whispered into her ear once in position over her.

"Yes, fuck my arse hard." She told him. Laura loved the feeling of being so vulnerable, laying face down with her most intimate hole on offer to him. It turned her on so much.

Paul slipped the head of his now lubricated cock into Laura's tight hole. She took a sharp intake of breath, feeling the initial pain of being entered this way. This would soon give way to intense pleasure.

It only took a minute before Paul was hammering into her with all he'd got. Laura was now screaming a stream of obscenities at him, telling him to use her like the whore she was, and to fill her arse full of spunk. Paul lasted longer this time but could soon feel the spunk welling up inside him again.

Laura came with a scream, she had continued working on her clit as Paul drilled her. She convulsed and could feel her arse contracting around his cock. This was the moment for Paul to let go, he buried his cock deep inside her and came, biting her neck and calling her a string of filthy names.

The couple collapsed together, dripping with sweat and utterly satisfied. They said nothing for a while, just enjoying the moment of lying together with nothing else going on to disturb them.

This was what Laura had been missing, they had needed this break.

The month had now passed after their agreement to stop swinging. Their sex life had improved beyond measure. Paul hadn't even mentioned meeting anyone else, the thought hadn't really entered his mind for a while. It was Laura who eventually bridged the subject.

"Why don't we meet up with a couple." She suggested, almost out of the blue. "But this time go back to the start, a soft swing or something."

Paul listened to her.

"Instead of us calling the shots, why don't we answer an add." She continued. "Let's look for a first time couple or something. It would be nice to do something a bit less extreme. We just jumped straight in to gangbangs and orgies."

"That sounds like fun." Paul said. "We missed that stage out really."

"Why don't we just say that we want same room sex or something?" Laura went on. "Us girls can have some fun but full sex is with you only."

"Sounds like you've worked all this out!" Paul said, kissing her and squeezing her bum as he left for work.

Laura was all smiles later that evening when he returned. She had been off work that day and had spent most of the afternoon having an email conversation with a woman she had contacted on the swingers site. Jake and Kirsty were first timers, they had only just put their first advert up and were looking for exactly the kind of introduction to the scene that Laura was looking for. 

They had swapped photo's and chatted about what kind of boundaries both couples might have. Kirsty was a fit looking 32 years old with long dark hair and a lovely shapely figure. She had smaller tits than Laura but they were beautifully shaped, she clearly looked after herself. Jake was a larger man, not fat but well built and tall. He also looked muscular, as if he played some kind of sport or went to the gym regularly. Laura really fancied both of them and was really up for a meeting.

"What do you think then?" Laura asked him with an excited sound in her voice.

"I like the look of them." Paul replied. "You think we'll be able to stick to the soft swinging rules?!"

"Not sure!" Laura laughed. "Would you mind if I did fuck him?"

"Course not!" Paul said. "We'll just go along at their pace shall we? If they want a full swap we'll do it, if they don't, that's cool too. Let's just let them suggest it."

Laura was happy with this and emailed Kirsty to let them know it was on. They arranged to meet at a hotel on the A1, just south of Newcastle in 2 weeks. Kirsty and Jake were concerned about being seen by friends, so a more anonymous venue was chosen.

When the weekend came round, Laura and Paul could feel the excitement building. The break had worked, their other meetings had certainly become par for the course, but this felt new and different. 

The 2 couples met at half 7 in the hotel bar. It was a typical Motorway hotel with people stopping off on their way to somewhere, just the sort of place they wanted it to be. Kirsty and Jake looked just as good in the flesh as in the pictures. They greeted each other like old friends, meeting for a weekend away. 

Over the next couple of hours the drink and conversation flowed. It was mainly small talk for this time, jobs, holidays, hobbies and the like. It was Kirsty that changed the conversation to sex after a couple more drinks. She was keen to hear about the kind of things Laura and Paul had tried.

"So what sort of things have you tried then?" She asked them. "You said in your emails you'd had a fair bit of experience but not many couples."

"It's mainly gangbangs that we've had." Laura replied. "We did quite a few of those and made a few videos. Paul loves watching me have sex with other men."

"I'd love to see those videos!" Said Jake, in a clumsy manor. He was visibly getting turned on by this talk now.

"You can." Laura replied with a smile. "I'm happy for anyone to watch them."

"How many men did you have on these gangbangs?" Kirsty asked inquisitively.

"It was usually somewhere between 6 & 20." Laura replied in a matter of fact way. "Anything more than 20 tends to get a bit hard to organize. 

Kirsty was a bit shocked but she was enjoying hearing about this. She had long had a fantasy about being ravished by a group of fit, well hung men. This was really turning her on now too. 

"We've been doing that kind of thing for about 2 years now so we fancied a chance." Laura continued. "I think we'd just got too used to doing it, hence the change and looking for a couple."

"What was it like having sex with that many men?" Kirsty asked her.

"It is fantastic." Laura answered. "It all kind of becomes a blur after a while to be honest, but it is satisfying if it's what you're into."

"Don't you ever get jealous Paul?" Jake asked? 

"I did have a few moments early on when we did it first." He replied. "But it soon passed. It was my fantasy really so I'd made pretty sure sure that I'd thought it through before we did it."

"I'm not sure I could watch Kirsty do that to be honest." Jake said.

"It's not to everyone's taste." Paul agreed. "We enjoyed it though. It all just got a bit to regular in the end, it didn't hold the same excitement."
