 Kirsty called Laura on the Wednesday following they're weekend meeting.

"Hi," She said in a breezy manor. "Just calling to confirm that we're still on to come over yours on Saturday."

"Course you are." Laura replied. He had half expected that they wouldn't fancy once they thought it through properly. 

"Great!" Kirsty said. "We've been really looking forward to it, we've not talked about much else to be honest!"

"It's always like that after a first meet!" Laura replied. "We had a great time too, it was the most fun we've had in a long time."

The girls talked for the next 15 minutes, recalling the fun they'd had at the weekend, and the usual girly chat.

"I was thinking of inviting another couple of our friends round to meet you if that's ok?" Laura said before they finished.

Kirsty went silent for a minute, making Laura think that maybe she had overstepped the Mark a bit. It was only a few days after their first swinging experience after all.

"It's fine with me." Kirsty said after a few moments thinking. "I had better speak to Jake first though, I'll text you when I've spoken to him."

Laura had put Sam and Dan on standby for the weekend if the others agreed. They had participated in a couple of gangbangs with them, but had never really got into the scene full time. Laura had told them about their weekend meeting though and Sam seemed really excited about it all. Dan too was only too ready to join in if at all possible.

Later that night, Laura got a text through saying that Jake was ok with it. He was a bit nervous at first she said, but had soon come round to the idea, once Kirsty had described Sam to him.

On the Saturday, Kirsty and Jake were the first to arrive. They looked as smart as ever and brought a couple of bottles of really nice wine with them. They settled in to a drink and chatted about the previous weekend. Jake was saying that Kirsty had become pretty much insatiable since their meet. She was wanting sex morning, noon and night! They had even tried anal sex again last night, enjoying it without any major problems.

Sam and Dan arrived shortly after and all were introduced. Once they had a short while to get to know each other, Paul got their first DVD out and put it on. 

They watched in silence as the camera panned around to the huge group of around 15 men in the room. Kirsty and Jake were both grinning as the action unfolded. Laura explained who Debbie was, and that she was currently off the swinging scene as she had a new man that she was trying to be faithful to.

By this time in the film, Laura and Debbie had sucked and fucked most of the men in the film, and were both covered in come. Kirsty was already feeling very wet, while all of the lads were sporting erections, clearly visible through their jeans.

"This is fantastic!" Kirsty said, rubbing Jake's leg, and getting ever closer to his straining cock.

"I knew you'd like it!" Paul said to her, with pride in his voice.

They continued watching the film as Sam made her entrance to it. Sam blushed as she did, it was the first time she had watched this with anyone else other than Dan. Over the next half hour of the film, all 3 girls took on all of the men in all holes, finishing with Double penetration, then more cumshots.

"I really fancy trying a DP tonight." Kirsty said. 

"I'm sure the lads won't mind helping you out there darling." Jake replied to her. 

Paul and Dan nodded their approval. Kirsty had really transformed quickly from a shy looking first timer into a complete nymphomaniac. Laura could see a lot of the way she was 2 years ago in Kirsty, and was only too pleased to help her discover these sexual delights.

Laura decided to kick things off sexually, standing up and getting undressed. Everybody else followed, shedding clothes and starting to play with their respective partners. Laura was the first down on her knees, sucking Paul's cock. 

Sam caught a glimpse of Jake's huge cock and did a double take.

"Jesus Christ!" She exclaimed. "That is huge!"

"Rather impressive isn't it?!" Kirsty joked. "You're welcome to have a try if you want."

Sam didn't take a moment to take her up on the offer, swapping places with Kirsty and getting down to suck Jake's huge cock. All 3 girls were now down, giving head to the 3 delighted lads. Sam tried to deep throat Jake and managed to get most of him into her mouth, she couldn't quite manage it all though.

Jake then helped Sam back onto the sofa and spread her legs. He also wasted no time getting down to taste Sam's sweet pussy. 

Kirsty and Dan were soon in the same position, Dan loving tasting Kirsty's soaking slit. Paul and Laura had moved on and were now fucking, both of them watching the other girls being eaten. 

"Fuck me." Sam told Jake. "I need to feel that cock inside me."

Jake said nothing and did exactly as she asked, bringing his cock up level with her, then nudging himself slowly inside her. Sam gasped as his length slid into her, this had to be one of the largest she had ever taken and it felt wonderful. Jake was soon hammering into Sam, making her squeal with joy. When Jake looked over to his wife, she was now riding Dan, grinding herself onto his cock, looking like she was about to come at any moment. 

Kirsty let out a big scream as she had her first orgasm. She didn't usually come from intercourse alone, but watching the horny scene around her was enough to get her going.

Laura and Paul got up and joined the others now, Laura with Sam and Jake, Paul with Kirsty, who took great delight in tasting Laura on his cock while she rode Dan. Laura licked Sam's tits while Jake hammered his cock into her, also rubbing her clit, bringing her ever closer to orgasm. 

Sam came with a huge scream, going bright red in the process. Jake continued to fuck her hard, showing her no mercy. 

"You'll have to pull out when you come." Sam told him. "I'm not on the pill anymore."

Jake grunted and nodded his agreement and continued, finally slowing down a bit as he approached orgasm. Jake pulled his cock out as asked and sprayed his come over the 2 girls. Laura had put her mouth down to his cock, receiving a couple of jets in her mouth. More went over her face, some also covering Sam's pubic mound.

A few seconds later, Paul came in Kirsty's mouth with a loud shout. He had warned her he was coming in case she didn't like it in her mouth, but she clamped her lips around his cock and swallowed every drop. She even kept on sucking when he was finished, as if she was trying to drain him dry. 

While this was happening, Dan came inside Kirsty. She was preoccupied with finishing Paul off and hadn't really thought about Dan. She was quite happy having him come inside her though, she loved the feeling of his warm juice pulsing out in between her legs.

The 6 of them now took a break, having a drink and chat while they got their breath back.

"I need to freshen up a bit." Kirsty told Laura. 

"I'll take you up." Laura replied. "Anyone care to join us?" She asked.

Paul followed them up and nodded for Jake to follow them up, knowing that Laura usually had a certain treat in mind at this stage. Sam and Dan had a fair idea of what they were up to and decided to stay out of the way for now.

"Have you ever tried watersports?" Laura asked Kirsty.

"Never!" She replied. "It's never been something that's appealed to be honest."

"Fancy trying it?" Paul asked them.

Kirsty looked at Jake and kind of shrugged, as if to say I will if you will. Jake nodded and smiled, quite fancying a little try at something naughty. 

Paul got into their spacious bath and allowed Laura stand astride him. She squatted over his chest, giving Kirsty as Jake a great view of them. Laura started to pee, first a small trickle, then a full on stream, cascading over his chest. She seemed to go on forever, Paul occasionally bringing his mouth up to her pussy to taste her. 

"You looked like you enjoyed that!" Kirsty said to Paul.

"It's a nice little treat from time to time!" He replied. "Do you 2 fancy a go?"

"Not me I'm afraid." Jake said. "Don't think it's my cup of tea."

"I'll try it." Kirsty offered. "Why not!"

She then took Laura's place and squatted over Paul, but could only manage a trickle at first. Kirsty soon relaxed and the stream if pee soon followed, covering Paul again. He once again lifted his head up, tasting her warm liquid and licking her pussy that was still wet with spunk from the previous session.

They finished off with Paul in more of a mess than he went upstairs, needing a more conventional shower to clean up.

"That felt strange." Kirsty said to the others as they went back downstairs. "It did feel good as well though."

"It's not to everybody's taste I know." Laura replied. "We enjoy it now and again."

Sam and Dan were sitting together, naked on the sofa, enjoying a glass of wine, while they waited to carry on.

"Enjoy that?" Sam asked Kirsty.

"Yeah." She replied. "Weird but kind of nice!"

"I know what you mean." Sam went on. "I've tried it a couple of times and I'm

still not sure."

"I'd do it again." Kirsty went on. "I'll have to talk Jake into trying it with me."

He smiled at her and playfully smacked her bum, knowing his wife would talk him into it eventually if she really wanted to. She always did.

The couples all chatted and drank more for a while, generally enjoying the company of each other as well as the great sex. Eventually the conversation did move back to what was to come and what they all wanted to do next.

"I'd love to try a DP." Kirsty told them. "I got really turned on watching you in that video Laura."

"It feels amazing." Laura told her.

"Painful at first." Sam chimed in. "But you soon get used to it."

Jake started things off by kissing his wife, touching her tits as he did this. That was the cue for all the couples to start getting into things again. All the married couples were together at this stage, staying this way for a while as played out various sexual acts. 

Kirsty sucked Jake, making sure he was hard again, while Sam and Laura were pleasure orally by their respective men. Jake then fucked his wife for the first time tonight. She loved the feeling of his cock inside her, feeling so much larger than the other men. 

Jake then stopped to take the small bottle of lubricant out of their bag and got this ready. He then pushed Kirsty's legs back to give him a clear access to her anus. He kissed and licked around her rim, occasionally pushing in a little further with his tongue, making his wife squirm with pleasure as he did. Jake then inserted a well lubricated finger into her arse, followed by another, fucking her slowly to get her arse ready for his cock.

Kirsty felt the now familiar pain as Jake nudged the end of his cock inside her ring. He held steady for a few moments allowing her to relax, before slowly fucking his wife's arsehole. It soon felt normal again, despite the fact that she had only tried anal for the first time a week ago.

"Fuck me a bit harder." She said through gritted teeth.

Jake did as she asked, pushing her legs a little further back and thrusting his cock harder. He could tell it was hurting her a bit but she kept on telling him to go harder.

"Do you want to try DP now then?" Jake asked her, holding the full length of his cock inside her arse.

"Yes." She replied. "I need to do this."

Paul soon offered his services, keen to repeat his anal experience with Kirsty. Jake pulled out to allow his wife into position. He agreed to lay down, allowing her to sit astride his cock. Jake then held her bum cheeks apart ready for Paul to enter her.  

Kirsty lent forward to give Paul better access to her, holding still ready for him to enter her. He slowly slid inside her, without much resistance as Jake had already got her more than ready for this. 

Kirsty loved the feel of these 2 cocks inside her, she felt so full it was unbelievable. The lads started to fuck her slowly now, Jake could feel Paul's cock through the thin wall separating her arse and pussy. As they built up speed, Kirsty started to scream louder and louder. She was now screaming at them to fuck her hard, unleashing a stream of obscenities.

After a couple of minutes, Paul withdrew, giving Dan the chance to get involved. Dan was soon fucking Kirsty hard in place of Paul, making her scream again. The weight of Dan fucking her from behind was pressing her onto Jake's cock was enough to make her come. She nearly passed out, such was the intensity of the orgasm. 

Kirsty fell almost limp on top of her husband, barely able to hold herself up anymore. 

While all of this was going on, Kirsty hasn't even noticed that Laura was filming it, she had managed to get the entire thing filmed for them to watch later.

"I can't believe you've got all that on camera!" Kirsty said. "Can't wait to watch that back."

"We haven't finished yet!" Laura told her. "We still need a comeshot yet if you want to make a proper porno!"

"Kneel down," Jake told her. "We're all going to come over your face."

Kirsty did as she was told, kneeling in front of the camera with the lads either side of her. She had never let anybody do this to her before, but she really was game for anything tonight, nothing was going to stop her now. She went around the lads, giving them all a blowjob, getting them ready to come.

Dan was the first to come, he wanked next to her before spurting 3 or 4 bolts over Kirsty's face. She loved the feeling of the warm liquid on her, and the look of joy on Dan's face. Once she had sucked the remaining come from him, Jake lined up. He came in more of a dribble than a squirt but produced loads, dripping off of her chin, down her tits and stomach.

Paul was the last one to finish himself off, wanking next to Kirsty. Laura got in closer for the final shot just as her husband erupted a final load over Kirsty's pretty face, covering her in his hot seed. 

Paul made a couple of copies of the DVD the next morning, and with Kirsty's blessing, all of them got a copy of it. They all agreed that they would be in touch in a few weeks and sort something out.

Laura and Paul decided to have another short break after the last couple of weekends. They decided to go away to London for the weekend, just a couple of days of quality time together. 

They had a great time, going for a meal and drinking the first night away.

They made love that night, slow and sensual, the complete opposite to the previous weekend.

The next day, they spent most of the day drinking around the West End of London. Laura spotted an advert in one of the free magazines left in the pub for a strip venue. This got her attention, she hadn't ever been to a strip place like this, only the typical Hen night stripper type nights.

"I fancy going here." Laura told him, pointing out the advert when he returned with the drinks.

"Really?" Paul questioned her. "It won't be like a posh lap dancing club by the look of it."

"I'm not bothered." She answered. "I like the idea of going somewhere a bit rough, the girls are bound to be a bit dirtier!"

Paul couldn't help but laugh and agree. He had visited this pub a few times when he had lived in London, before moving up north. It was a real old fashioned pub, with proper beer and girls that did a full, very raunchy strip. 

Laura and Paul got a taxi at 7.30, taking the short 10 minute to the Griffin. The pub front was black, the windows were also blacked out. 

"You do know what kind of pub this is, don't you?" Asked the burly bouncer on the door.

Paul nodded yes and they walked in. The inside of the pub looked dingy, and quite badly decorated but was packed. Paul got them both a drink as scantily clad woman made her way around the bar collecting £1 coins in a pint glass. Laura put £2 in for Paul and her, exchanging a smile as she did.

"Is that all they dance for?" Laura asked Paul, "A couple of quid here and there?"

"A couple of quid?!" Paul mocked her. "Think about it. How many men are there here, 50? 60? They'll all dance 3 or 4 times over the night so you can do the maths!"

"I hadn't thought of it like that to be honest." Laura said. 

"Then there's a few table dances along the way." Paul continued. "They'll go home with a couple of hundred quid tonight, not a bad nights work I'd say."

Laura agreed. Their conversation was then stopped by louder music and the sight of a girl getting up onto the small stage at the end of the pub. She danced provocatively for about the first minute of the song, before peeling down her top and revealing her tits. She then followed this with her knickers before doing a variety of poses with her legs spread wide for an appreciative audience.

Laura was a little shocked at how explicit the dance was. She had expected maybe full frontal nudity at the most, not someone sliding down a pole with her legs open. Not that she didn't enjoy it. Laura enjoyed watching women dance, they always looked better when dancing and stripping than men.

The evening progressed in much the same way, the girls coming round to collect, then going up on stage for their dance. Most of them were also trying to talk people into having a private danced, in a small curtained off area next to the main bar. 

Laura and Paul were pretty drunk after a couple of hours of this and having a great time. They had, so far, turned down any offers of a private dance, but were getting more tempted the more they had to drink. One particular girl appealed to Laura most, she was a friendly English blonde, and probably the only girl working that didn't have false tits.

"Shall we get a private dance with the blonde girl?" Laura asked Paul.

"Yeah, come on, it'll be fun!" He replied.

The next time she came around, she asked again, this time they accepted her offer. It would cost them £10 each for a 10 minute private dance, which they were happy to agree with. 

Sarah, as she introduced herself, took them to the private area. It consisted of nothing more than a table, a pole and a sofa that stretched round the back for the punters. They paid Sarah and sat back, giving her a moment to sort herself out.

Once the next song started, Sarah began her dance. It was slower and more sensual than the ones she did on stage. She took her time to undress this time, slowly peeling her top off then asking Laura to help her unclip her bra. Laura was feeling pretty turned on by this now, she had never done anything like this before, despite all of the various sexual situations she had found herself in over the years. 

Sarah slowly took her knickers off, sliding them down over her bum, bending forward to give them a great view of her pussy and arse as the removed them. She then leant back against the pole, slid down and spread her legs. Sarah now started to rub herself, holding her lips open and simulating masturbation, all the while maintaining eye contact with them.

Just before the end, Sarah slipped a finger inside herself and gyrated with her pussy just inches from first Laura, then Paul's face. They both felt ready to burst by this time, but for once they had to show some restraint.

Sarah collected up her clothes and got dressed, asking the couple if they enjoyed their dance. They both agreed they did, thanking Sarah for her time.

"That's not all I can do, if you know what I mean." Sarah added as they were about to rejoin the main pub. "For a price, you can have me for the night."

Laura and Paul stopped. The temptation was huge, despite the fact they were supposed to be having a weekend away from the normal stuff they did.

"We'll let you know." Said Laura hurriedly, before going back into the main bar.

"Bloody hell!" Laura joked to Paul. "I wasn't expecting that!"

"Me neither." Paul replied.

"What will we do?" She asked him. "I wanted to slow all of this down, but I really fancy her!"
