 Her long slender fingers still inside my tight pink hole, as her tongue bathed my clit. Missy sucked at my clit like it was a little cock, rolling her tongue around it and scraping gently with her teeth. My legs spasmed as she played with my pussy expertly. She removed her fingers from my wet clenching pussy and raised her hands to my breasts so she could rub my juices on my nipples. Missy's glistening face grinned up at me from between my thighs as she squeezed my large tits and soaked my skin in my cunt's juices. "So that I can taste you later. " she cooed at me. Missy thrust her ass into the air as she kneeled in between my sluttishly splayed legs, suddenly she thrust her head back to my pussy. Her long hard tongue dove straight into my cunthole, making my body squirm and my juices to flow into Missy's open and sucking mouth. 

I came so hard with Missy's talented tongue buried in my pussy, I should call her soon, now that I remember how good she was at eating pussy, I'd love to taste her again. But on with the story. Missy continued eating my wet cunt but she was soon really fucking me with her tongue, and moaning deeply into my pussy. I opened my eyes and saw one of the team members slamming his long, thick black cock deep into Missy's tight pink pussy. I moaned at the site of his dark skin against her paleness as he fucked her like a whore. On her knees on the cold tile floor, tongue buried in my slutty pussy letting the whole team run a train on her. I envied her. I missed those cocks. I let my head hang back, leaving my mouth open hoping it would soon be filled with a hard cock. My wish was soon granted, missy had her pussy filled and I was soon sucking cock after cock to get them ready for her wet pussy. 

I loved having all those different cocks in my mouth, sucking one after another letting them just fuck my mouth like a cunt. Most of the guys didn't cum in my mouth, but a few did. I loved their sperm running down my throat and covering my sweet angel face and big tits. (Just the memory is making me want to go out and get fucked….I think I will soon.) As much as I loved Missy eating my pussy and the team fucking my mouth I wanted some cock in my cunt or asshole and Missy's wet sloppy pussy in my mouth. I pulled my mouth away from the thrusting black cock and sat up, softly pushing Missy's head from between my legs. "My turn, switch girly I want to taste that cum-filled cunt, and have some cock of my own." I sneered at the used whore in front of me. She grinned back, her face soaked with my cunt juices and stood up, the team's cum began leaking from her well fucked cunt.

I smiled as she lay down on the bench and lewdly spread her tanned legs, opening her shaved blonde pussy to my gaze and touch. I let my fingers trail up her legs and around her cunt. Up her stomach and to her big breasts, I cruelly pinched both her nipples and she cried out in surprise and pleasure. I smiled at her, "You want me, then beg for it. Beg me to eat your nasty, cum-filled cunt." Missy moaned at my voice's harshness, she loved to be dominated and treated like a whore, we had a lot in common. She knew as well as I did that no matter what, my tongue would soon be scooping out the cum from our winning football team. I wanted their sperm and her pussy juice to run down my throat, God I can still taste her pussy. Anyway, Missy looked up at me with her big doe eyes and cooed, "Hmmm please let my pussy feel your tongue, wrap your lips around my clit and make me cum. Eat the sperm from our team, lick my nasty dirty pussy. Hmmm…ohh….please Jade make me cum.

I loved the control she gave me. I lowered my lips to her big, beautiful breasts. I loved her nipples. I let my tongue roll around each one in turn, gently sucking then letting my teeth scrape roughly on her flesh. I wanted to taste her cunt, but first wanted to make her scream and squirm in pleasure and need. I let my tongue trail down her body slowly, licking up the creamy cum on her soft skin. I was teasing myself just as much as I was Missy, so I finally and without warning I fastened my lips to her still tight pink hole. I let my mouth cover her pussy and sucked the cum from her writhing form as she came hard in my mouth. I can still feel all that tasty cum in my mouth, god I miss her. As I was worshipping her pussy, I was suddenly speared from behind! One of the team members got tired of watching and just shoved his massive black cock deep into my wet pussy. I moaned as my face was thrust into missy's wet, gushing cunt.

She cried out as my tongue found her hard clit. I let my tongue play on her clit like it was a tiny cock, flicking it and sucking on it. I let my teeth scrape softly on her clit and was rewarded with a scream and girl cream covering my face. The big cock in my pussy was making my moan into Missy's pussy and really get to work on her. I loved licking and sucking her slick cunt lips and feeling that huge black cock in my own wet pussy. I loved feeling the rest of the team's eyes on my slutty body as they waited their turns. Missy had my old job, as I ate her sweet pussy and got royally fucked, her mouth was occupied by one cock after another. I moved my lips and talented tongue from her spasming snatch and let my fingers have some fun. I wanted more cock. I motioned to the nearest big hard cock, and moaned out "please fuck my mouth. I want that cock, I need to suck on your cock. Hmm….Oh god, please give me more cock." They all smirked and a new line was formed near me.