 In an earlier chapter I told you how it all ended with Julie. Now I am going to start from the beginning. Forgive me if the background is more of that and less erotic, but we need to show where it all began. 

*

I met Julie through the oddest of ways -- through her 9 year old Daughter. Julie was one of those girls who married at a young age, popped out a lot of kids, and then found herself the victim of a drunken, out-of-work husband who beat the crap out of her. I was working at an elementary school for the military and her daughter gave me a card and told me to give this lady a call. I just assumed it was another community action project and called the lady the next day. Turns out, the little girl's mother was at the event and had prompted her. Our first date was a lunch meeting and our second date was drinks by my apartment. After the nocturnal activities of the 2nd date she told me she had never been with another guy other than her husband. Unfortunately for Julie, I was on the rebound. I was just divorced and had a very low opinion of women in general. I made it very clear to her that I was going to be dating a lot of women and wasn't in a place to commit. I got the feeling from her that her first husband ran around on her quite a bit and she was tolerant of that. Over the several years I dated her, I never took her to meet my family. She was, for lack of a better term, a "fuck buddie."

Now, some of this she brought on herself. Maybe she didn't want a long term relationship either. Maybe she wanted to be a mom, with a piece on the side. I am not sure, but I took advantage of Julie and the situation. If I needed a piece, I would stop by her house late at night, fuck her, and then be on my way. In her own way of trying to control the situation, if she knew I was going on a date, she would fuck me like crazy before the date, probably so that I wouldn't be horny later on. I know for a fact that she stalked me a few times and she shared with me info about girls I had gone out with.

It all started when she found out I was going to a wedding with an old friend. The wedding was out of town and while the friend wasn't really in my life, we had a sexual relationship at one time. In this case, it was because it was a relative of hers that was also an old coach of mine. We killed two birds with one stone and decided to stay together out of town. We were scheduled to leave at 7 pm as it was a 2-hour drive and we wanted to be rested for the next day. I got home from work and jumped in the shower. Because of the neighborhood I lived in, I rarely locked my door. When I got out of the shower and reached my bedroom, there was Julie dressed in a red corset, thigh highs with garters and red "fuck me" heals. It was a shock, but being that I was in my early 20s at the time, I sprang to attention, quick.

I should backtrack a little bit and talk about the day or so before. Julie brought up the subject of fantasies I had and I shared several with her. One was the typical guy fantasy (a FFM threeway). Another was anal sex. Others were Hooker fantasies, schoolgirl fantasies and other roleplaying things. Julie and I had only been dating a week or so at this point and one of the things I mentioned that I liked was when a woman got all dressed up and gave me very aggressive oral sex. By dressed up I meant slutty lingerie.

So, in what would be a common thing -- Julie totally slutting it out before I went on a date -- here she was dressed in an outfit that probably cost her $150 (something she didn't have). When I looked at her with a puzzled (yet turned on) look, she said to me, "I realized during our pillow talk that while I had given you head, I had never given you a proper blow job." The towel dropped and she came over and kissed me a little, but it was very clear that I had something else in mind. Soon she was on her knees and sucking my cock. I have to admit that she put every bit of effort into it as she licked the head and ran her tongue down to my balls. Knowing that there was no possible way I was going to cum standing up, I slid over to the bed and she worked her way onto the bed with me, never losing contact with my cock. It was on the bed that she did what no other woman had done to me at that point. As she was licking my balls I raised up my knees to give her access. She then proceeded to slide her tongue beneath my balls and into the crack of my ass. This wasn't just a lick, mind you, but a full out tongue buried in my butthole. I raised my legs in the air and she buried her tongue and face in my ass. Through all of this she continued to stroke my well-lubricated penis with her hand. After a bit, she ran her tongue back up my taint and under my balls before resuming her action on the head of my cock. Pretty soon she was deep-throating me like no other woman had. I even grabbed the back of her head and held it down in her throat, but she didn't resist or grunt. She would just occasionally look up at me and smile while she gave her jaw a break.

It was at one of these breaks that I asked her, "What are you going to do when I cum."

Her response was, "I'm going to take it all." Despite all of the stories that I will share with you about her, the one thing she lacked was dirty talk. I could not get her to talk dirty, tell me a fantasy, or even get her to say "cock" or "cum." Still, I was happy to hear that she was going to swallow it down. Unfortunately, through no fault of her own, she was not able to get me over the edge with her mouth (something my ex-wife couldn't do, either). 

Time was getting close (my date was going to be at my place in less than an hour) and I needed to cum. I picked her up and laid her on her back. I then took my cock and buried it in her pussy. She must have been enjoying herself because she was good and wet and after a few minutes of pumping into her she started to cum. I myself was close, but I knew what I wanted. I looked at her and said, "I want you to get your mouth ready." She didn't say anything, but I cold tell she knew what I meant. When I was ready to go over the edge I pulled out of her pussy and quickly came up and stuck it in her mouth. She continued to suck on me, never pulling her head off or gasping for air, until I was ready to get out. In fact, she sucked on me so long that I got a very sensitive feeling -- almost like a tickle -- which she would use to her advantage from time to time. The method of me shooting in her mouth like that would become a normal thing. One thing about Julie is that once she introduced something to the bedroom, it was always on the table. 

I got up and started to dress as Julie lied there seductively. She knew my date was coming and I was getting a little anxious. She got up slowly and said, "I know you are due back Sunday night. I will be here at 7 pm for another treat you want." She then got up, put on an overcoat and went out to her car. 

While I would love to say that I didn't do anything on the date, it would be a lie. What I will say is that it wasn't near as good as Julie and I was anxiously awaiting my Sunday encounter.