 The Adventures of Kim and Olivier

The Bachelor Party

My husband Olivier and I started a catering business roughly a year ago. We had only been married a year prior to that and decided to start the business for a change of jobs. I was an executive chef and he was a bar manager. We made plenty of money, but wanted to do our own thing.

We primarily catered weddings, bachelor and bachelorette parties and did fairly well, even to the point where we hired strippers for some of the parties. I'd often find myself getting excited as I watched the girls strip and then get fucked by guys at the party. Ollie always made me cum afterwards.

"You like watching the sex don't you baby?" he asked one night as we were cleaning up after a party.

"Hell yes. I would love to be gangbanged like that. It's one of my fantasies."

"I'd love to see that."

"You'd love to see a bunch of guys fucking me?"

"You're super hot and I know guys would love to fuck you and I'd enjoy seeing it."

I unknowingly got my wish the next weekend. We were having the biggest bachelor party we've ever catered for the son of a local politician and they expected 30 guys.

That Saturday morning, our regular strippers Stacy and Susan, twins, called off because their father was in the hospital with chest pains. I nearly had a panic attack.

"Honey, isn't this what you wanted?" Ollie asked.

"But 30 guys? How could I satisfy all of them?"

"I know you can do it. You've had sex for 5 hours before."

"That was in college though."

"I know you can do it!"

I was nervous as we loaded up the van for the trip to the hotel. I would dress conservatively while fixing the food and would change into an all black outfit that consisted of a corset, panties, garter belt, thigh high stockings and 5" heels. I had pole danced for money in college, so it would be like riding a bike. As Ollie said, I HAD had sex for 5 hours with 3 guys in college, but 30 guys made me nervous. I figured half wouldn't want to fuck me though because of commitments, to their wives and girlfriends. I was so wrong!

I admit I'm hot. I'm 5'4" tall with wavy brown hair and killer legs and only weigh 110 lbs. Guys are naturally attracted to me and I basically fucked for money in college. Ollie encouraged it. He said it turned him on when he saw me with other guys and our sex life was great because of it.

The party was held in the largest suite away from other hotel guests. While I was setting up the food, guys started arriving and Ollie took care of their drink needs. They ate and chatted for about an hour before someone asked about the "entertainment".

Ollie cleared his throat and everyone looked at him. "Our regular girls called off."

"So there won't be anyone stripping for us?" the groom, Paul, said.

"There will be: my wife Kim is going to do it."

"Will we get a chance to fuck her too?" another guy asked.

"Absolutely. She's looking forward to it."

Ollie had put in our stripper pole. It was fixed by a special rigging system. I came out and all the guys wolf whistled, making me blush. Ollie started playing the stripper music and I danced slowly, taking pieces of clothing off until I was down to my stockings, garter belt and heels. Those I'd leave on.

Ollie then put Paul in a chair for his lap dance and I gyrated all over him. I was really getting into it too. I felt his hands rub my ass and a finger slipped into my pussy. I moaned as he reached for his pants zipper and freed his now hard cock.

I got between his legs, gripped his cock and began sucking him hard. I heard Ollie chuckle as other guys got involved. I got on my hands and knees as Paul shoved his cock deep into my mouth and another guy slid into my sopping wet pussy. I moaned as both guys pounded me hard. My time as a whore came rushing back as I shoved Paul deeper into my mouth and grinding back into the guy fucking my pussy. I heard both cry out and suddenly both filled me with cum.

They pulled out and were replaced by 2 more guys. I looked around and all 30 were naked and stroking their cocks or buried inside me. I closed my eyes as I started cuming hard. The cock in my pussy jumped and I felt his hot seed fill me. He was replaced quickly by another cock. Ollie came over and cuffed my hands behind me and told them to fuck me hard and rough. They did just that, thrusting harder and faster until I was whimpering from the pounding.

Ollie was using a camera, not on their faces, but their cocks as he snapped shots of them fucking my holes. Whenever one came, he was quickly replaced by another, thus keeping the cum inside me. I couldn't get pregnant, so I didn't mind. Ollie was getting a lot of shots of cum leaking out of me.

"Can we tie her up any way we want?" Paul asked.

"Just don't hurt her to the point she'll need hospitalization," Ollie said.

Paul grinned and asked for the help of his best man Mark. They had Ollie change the cuffs so they could go above my head and then cuffed me to the headboard of the bed. Paul rubbed one leg from ankle to thigh and Mark did the other, sending shivers through me. They tied my legs spread wide and back to the headboard so that my ass and pussy were both in position. Paul got some duct tape and my eyes got big as he put it on my mouth.

"Baby, we're going to make you scream as we fuck your ass now."

Now, I've had my ass fucked a few times and love it, but some of these guys were huge! I wasn't sure of them all filling me, but I knew it would happen. Ollie got into position with the camera to where he could see their cocks entering my ass and my face.

"I can't wait to see some of these huge cocks widening your ass honey," he whispered and I got chills of excitement.

Paul was first and took 2 fingers and thrust them into my pussy hard. My back arched as he pulled out gobs of cum and spread them on my tight hole, sliding 1 and then 2 fingers into my ass. My eyes closed briefly at the feeling and suddenly his fingers were replaced by his hard cock. I screamed as he roughly raped my ass.

"That's it slut. Take my hard cock in your tight ass. I'm gonna fill you up!"

He banged me very hard for several minutes as Ollie and the others cheered him on. I wasn't regretting this at all and started cuming. I cried out as I clenched around him and I felt his hot spunk fill my ass. He pulled out quickly and was immediately replaced by Mark. Ollie was cheering them all on.

"That's it guys! Rape that ass and fill it full of cum! Make her our cum dump!"

I was really turned on by Ollie talking dirty and the guys doing exactly what he told them: I was their dirty cum slut.

For 3 hours, they kept me tied that way and raped my ass. I was getting sore but I wasn't about to stop. After the last one fucked my ass, they untied me and cuffed my hands behind me again. Paul got on the floor and they lowered me onto his cock and removed the tape from my mouth. I was panting heavily as his girth filled my pussy. The pushed me forward and Mark's cock was thrust into my mouth. Someone got behind me and slid into my well-used ass and I had my first full gangbang of the night and it was heavenly! I moaned and came within 5 minutes, but they kept fucking all of my holes for another 5 minutes before cuming. Paul exploded first, completely filling my womb.

Three others took their places and it started again. I had another orgasm before they all exploded. I was tired after the first go round of 10, but they were determined to cum in all 3 of my holes in gangbang fashion. I was like a rag doll by the time it was finished 12 hours after it began. At that point, Paul wanted one more poke. He put me on my stomach over a table and fucked my pussy from behind. He took his time, although he was doing it very rough before cuming after 20 minutes.

Ollie then took me to bed after they gave me $20,000 for the fun. 

"That was the best party ever," Paul said, kissing me. "If we ever get the chance, will you do it again?"

"For you guys, yes."

"Good, because our buddy Dave is getting married in 5 months."

I knew I'd let Stacy and Susan handle the bigger parties (except when they ask for me) and I'd do the ones with 10 or fewer. As much as I enjoyed getting fucked 300 times in 12 hours, it was taxing, although Ollie loved it. He was hoping we'd get a BBC party. 

"I want to see 10 or more big black guys fuck you with 10" or more."

Secretly, I wanted it too.