 This story is a further instalment in the series written for a sexy lady who is the star. The stories are based on her fantasies, ideas/ experiences and friends. This instalment she her once again with her close friend Jenna. As this is a fictional world safesex is not always mentioned. 

*

"Do you want another drink or do you need to get back to work?" Debbie asked Jenna.

"Go on then one more." Jenna responded.

Debbie went up to the bar and noted the barman having what appeared to be an animated conversation on the telephone behind the bar. As the carried on talking she got the impression there was a problem. As he concluded the call he slammed down the receiver and as he turned towards the bar his face looked angry.

Seeing Debbie his ace lightened and he grinned at her. "Sorry to keep you there. What can I get you?" He asked.

After giving him their order and he started to get the drinks Debbie asked "I don't mean to pry but you seemed a little annoyed there. Hope everything's ok?"

He laughed as he placed the drinks on the bar. "We have a bachelor party booked in for tonight and I have been let down rather badly." 

"How so?" Debbie asked as the barman turned to the till.

Turning back with her change he replied "We had arranged some 'entertainment' as part of the booking. However, I have been told my booking has needed to be cancelled due to ill health and given the short notice it looks like I cannot get a replacement. The long and sort of it is my boss is going to be beyond annoyed when he finds out"

"It's not your fault!" Debbie replied.

"Yes, but I took sorted the booking out so I need to get the replacement in place and to be honest it is not looking good."

Debbie shrugged her shoulders "Why the problem, surely it cannot be hard to find a suitable replacement.... they may be too drunk to notice!"

The barman laughed and beckoned Debbie to lean closer. As she did he whispered "The booking was quiet specific. The party wanted two strippers, a blonde and a brunette. They were to perform then put on a show for the lads. So I need two women who know each other and meet the criteria. As yet no joy."

Debbie winked at him and whispered back "I am sure you will find an answer." She picked up the glasses and walked back to Jenna. She handed Jenna the drink and smiled at her.

"Have you got anything planned tonight?"

Jenna replied "Probably a takeaway meal and a night in front of the television with Tom. Why?"

Debbie explained to Jenna the problem the barman was having and suggested the pair of them met the description and Debbie confessed she was up for the possible fun they could have.

"Why not!"Said Jenna.

When they finished their drinks both Debbie and Jenna walked up to the bar.

"Have you sorted out your problems yet?" Debbie asked.

"No, still making calls." The barman said grinning.

"Well, we are two women. One blonde." Said Debbie pointing to her face.

"And I am a brunette!" Jenna added making the same gesture.

"You are dancers?" He asked.

"Well we can dance. To be honest we have never performed as such but we would do it as you are stuck!"

"Cheers ladies but they want more than dancers!"

"We guessed they might have other plans." Debbie said. "Or are you saying we are not pretty or curvy enough?" At this point she pouted and cupped her ample breasts.

"Are you serious?" The barman added.

"Sure. Want to book us, after all this is a once in a lifetime opportunity to be the person who gets our first ever floorshow, and show us the venue?" Debbie asked.

The barman told his colleague to mind the quiet bar for him and he joined the ladies. He took them into a side entrance which was a corridor which had two doors. He opened the first and took them into a fairly dark and basic room with a couple of seats by a large mirror. 

"You ladies can get changed in here. Then when you are ready you come this way." He led them through a door and they were faced with a large dark curtain. 

"This is your stereo for music. Then through the curtain to this." He flicked some switches by the stereo and as they moved through the curtain they were faced by bright light as they stepped onto a large raised platform. 

"You can dance on here. They have asked for a lesbian show. Is that a problem?" 

Without saying a word Debbie turned and kissed Jenna full on the mouth and Jenna opened her mouth allowing their tongues to twist and combine.

"Oh I will take that to be a no then!" The bar man said laughing. "So there will be a dozen or so in the party and there will be a security man on the door in the bar as well as one in by the changing room to make sure they behave in here. So 7.30 tonight for an hour and a half is that ok?"

"Yes." Both the women replied. They made their way back to the bar and as they were leaving the barman stopped them.

"Okay ladies, a couple of things. Firstly I am Paul." He said extending his hand.

"Debbie." She replied shaking his hand.

"Jenna." Added offering her hand.

"Cool, nice to meet you both. Now as you are stepping in you need this." Paul said handing Debbie and envelope. "See you at 7 so you are ready for 7.30."

"Sure, see you tonight Paul." Debbie said before leaving the bar.

Once they were away from the bar Debbie and Jenna giggled and when Debbie opened the envelope her eyes opened widely. "Oh my god!" She said and held open the envelope showing Jenna eighteen $50 notes.

"Fucking hell! We are so in the wrong job!" Jenna said laughing. "Come to my place at 6 o'clock and we will get made up together." 

******

When Debbie arrived at Jenna's she was told her friend had told her husband to make himself scarce as she was going out and wanted the house to herself to get ready.

"If he had been here now I am sure it would have degenerated into another threesome!" Jenna said laughing. 

"I checked online and we are being paid the full rate for tonight!" Debbie commented.

"Of course, so we had better make sure we are ready as well as putting on a great show." Jenna replied.

Jenna took Debbie's hand and she led her up the stairs to her bathroom. The women both stripped off and they stepped into the shower. Jenna turned the water on and she applied shower gel to her hands rubbing it into Debbie's skin. Debbie stood before her just five feet tall. Her curvy full figure glistening as Jenna soaped and lathered her shoulders and back. Moving her hands down she massaged Debbie's firm buttocks and her legs. Having rubbed the skin and then rinsed the lather off Debbie turned and faced Jenna. Jenna could not resist the opportunity to suck on Debbie's stiff pink nipples before she knelt and started to finger Debbie. She licked and kissed Debbie all over her pubic area. Stopping she took the can of shaving foam and shaking it she squirted a ball of white foam into her hand.

Jenna applied the white foam all over Debbie's groin and then she took the safety razor and carefully and skilfully she shaved her pubic area until it was totally smooth and sensitive. At this point Jenna started to lick and tongue Debbie until she had an orgasm.

"Your turn." Debbie said as she grinned down at Jenna with a flushed face. Debbie repeated the cleaning on Jenna who is a touch taller, but has slightly smaller breasts as she had 36D breasts as opposed to Debbie's 34DD. Jenna's breasts droop slightly lower than Debbie's but she has large nipples with Braille like bumps all around her areole. She covered Jenna's pubic area in shaving foam and the slowly and carefully she removed any trace of hair from Jenna. She rinsed the soft pink skin and returned the favour of giving her oral sex until Jenna had also cum.

Having cleaned themselves they killed the shower and towelled each other dry. They made their way into Jenna's bedroom.

"I have bought us some new gear!" Jenna said as she gestured to the bed. Laid out on the bed were two white t-shirts, two black leather mini skirts and two black thongs. 

"Mmmm nice." Debbie responded. They had agreed these would be their stage costumes and now they sat on the bed and applied each other's make up. Debbie wore her black eye liner which extenuated her beautiful blue eyes while Jenna placed a layer of green eye shadow on her eyelids to complement her green eyes. 

They dressed as they would ordinarily do when visiting the bar and Jenna packed everything into a holdall to take to the venue.

******

Arriving at the bar Debbie approached Paul.

"Evening Paul."

"Hi Debbie, are you ready?"

"As I will ever be!" She said laughing. They both walked over to the door which they now knew led to the function room. This time a huge Afro-Caribbean man who was at least 6 foot 6 inches tall was stood in the doorway.

"Good evening ladies." He said opening the doorway for them. "My name is Wayne, I am in charge of security so any problems or concerns tell me or one of my lads."

"Thanks Wayne." Debbie said feeling more secure and confident.

They walked through the door into the private room and immediately heard the loud sounds of the all male party. Debbie peeked down into the dimly lit room and she saw thee were in excess of a dozen men sat in the room.

There were two Caucasian security men in the room who nodded to them. One walked silently to the door of the dressing room and as he opened the door he gestured for them to enter. As they walked past he leaned to Debbie and said

"We will be just outside the doors. When you are ready put the music on and you will have their attention. We will stand by the doors and make sure they behave. Whatever you want to do feel free but anything you are unhappy about just let us know, ok?"

"Sure, thank you." Debbie answered.

They made their way into the dressing room and silently they undressed and when they were naked they stepped into each of their g-strings then the matching back leather mini skirts. Finally, they put the white t-shirts over their naked tops. Jenna then filled the two pint glasses with water. She placed then against the wall by the door and took a quick look out at the audience.

"Oh my god." She whispered.

"Let's do it honey." Debbie said. "At first let's ignore them and have some fun!"

Jenna placed the Britney CD in the CD player. The music started and through the door the noise level fell as the attention clearly turned to the stage. The first piece of music was a general introduction and Debbie took Jenna's hand in hers and they walked out onto the stage. The silence of the men was then broken as they cheered, applauded and whistled. The music then cut of the distinctive sound of "Toxic" by Britney. Debbie and Jenna started to dance with each other as the extended mix version pounded out of the speakers. They danced together before breaking apart and facing the men. They danced separately and provocatively and Debbie turned from the men and bent down to reach to her ankles. A huge cheer went up as her mini skirt rose to expose her firm round buttocks to the audience. Jenna danced over to the door and she returned carrying the two pint glasses. 

Debbie pulled the chair which was on the far side of the stage then walked towards the front of the stage and placed it a foot or so from the edge of the stage. She sat in the seat and sexily crossed and uncrossed her legs. The men cheered and moved forward. Jenna walked up behind Debbie and she poured some water over the shoulder of her white shirt. The water made dark marks down the cotton and the water rushed over Debbie's right nipple. She felt the skin of her areola tighten as he felt the chill of the water. Jenna added more water and placed the glass on the floor. She took her hands and rubbed her damp palms all over Debbie's tits making the material more transparent. The men cheered as Debbie's full chest became more visible. 

Jenna had made a small incision in the neck of the t-shirt and having made the front of the shirt wet she leaned over Debbie's shoulders placing a hand on each side of the shirt and she tugged across tearing a deep rent down the front of the t-shirt. Debbie's tits burst from the torn fabric and the crowd went wild. Jenna poured the remainder of the water all over Debbie's skin making her nipples solid. Jenna then cupped the breasts from behind and flicked the nipples with her nails. Debbie turned and faced Jenna and kissed her deeply.

"Your turn!" Debbie said as she got up from the seat.

Jenna took her place amid more cheers from the crowd she opened her legs wide and lifted her legs up and down in time with the music. Debbie poured water over the t-shirt and repeated the tease again. As the crowd cheers built up and the fabric got wetter she too tore the fabric open and exposed a topless Jenna to the crowd.

At this point the girls danced together once more and their tits bounced and swayed with the music. Debbie turned away and Jenna undid the zip at the back of her skirt and the leather fell to the floor. A cheer went up and she turned to Jenna who turned and allowed Debbie to loosen the zip and her skirt then feel to the ground. They danced in their thongs, each bending over showing the full round asses. They each then hooked their hands into the waistbands of the undies and drew them down and stepped out and discarded the garments. They walked towards the men and moved to each side of the chair. Debbie lifted her left foot and placed it on the seat and Jenna did likewise and placed her right foot on the seat. The women faced each other and they groped each other and took it n turns to tease and suck each other's nipples as they hardened. They after facing the men they each self sucked their own nipples much to the delight of the men watching them.

Now the two women were fully exposed and the men cheered and whistled as both bare and moist pussies were fully on display under the spotlights. The girls faced each other and manhandled each other's breasts. They then took it in turns to lick and suck on each other's rapidly hardening nipples. The men applauded and Jenna leaned over and whispered into Debbie's ear.

"Shall we play with the man who's getting married?"

"Oh yeah!" Debbie replied. 

Debbie moved the front of the stage and beckoned to one of the men to approach her. She knelt on the stage edge and placed her hands on the man's shoulders and spoke into his ear. 

"We want the main man on the stage now please!" 

The man grinned and moved into the audience. A sheepish looking man in his late twenties was pushed and made to get up. He slowly approached the stage and Debbie leaned forward and offered her hand and as he took it she drew him towards her and he climbed up onto the stage. 

Debbie moved him gently towards the chair which Jenna had moved through 90 degrees so it was side on the front of the stage. Debbie lowered the future bridegroom into the seat and she whispered into his ear.

"Now Jenna and I will show you how good each of us is at oral sex. You simply have to pick a winner who will finish you off."

Without a further word Debbie undid his trousers and freed his penis. He took the six inches of swelling penis into her hands and gently rubbed him before she started to move her head down. She pulled his shaft into her mouth and slowly bobbed her head up and down whilst allowing her tongue to go all over his cock. After about a minute she moved away and Jenna took her place. She masturbated him and licked the head of his penis as she looked into his eyes. Her hands cupped and massaged his balls as the crowd cheered and clapped.

Jenna moved away from his cock. Both women shrugged their shoulders and looked at him as he was sat with his hard cock standing to attention and it twitched with his pulse almost in time with the music.

"Who gets to finish you off young man?" Jenna asked. He replied by pointing at Debbie.

Debbie grinned "Yay, another vote for me as the best at giving blow jobs!" She shouted.

She wasted no time in kneeling down and started to perform oral sex once more. She was taking her time giving the man of the moment a really good suck. She looked up at him and his eyes were watching Jenna behind her. Debbie assumed Jenna was dancing and teasing him visually and the crowd were getting rowdier as she must be putting on a show. Then she felt her vagina being penetrated by a dildo.

There was a roar from the crowd as Debbie released the cock from her mouth and looked behind her to find Jenna was fucking her with a large strap on dildo. The men all moved forward to watch the Jenna fuck Debbie.

Debbie turned back and started to lick and suck the hard penis rapidly as she paid all her attention on making the future husband cum. She enjoyed the fucking sensation as she sucked and licked him. Her hand cupped his balls and she felt him twitch, his balls drew upwards and she squeezed his nuts. He pushed his shaft up in her mouth and his cock erupted and he filled her mouth with his sperm. 

Debbie released him from her mouth and she moved away from Jenna and she moved to her. She took Jenna's face in her hands and she moved forwarded and kissed her deeply. They then made a big show of moving the sperm over each other's tongues and they snowballed. After twirling their cum-soaked tongues together both Debbie and Jenna swallowed the sperm they both now had in their mouths.

Without speaking Debbie laid Jenna on her back and she moved her legs and she lowered herself down onto the dildo. Debbie started to "ride" Jenna and her hand move to her clitoris as she started to masturbate as she moved up and down on the plastic phallus. The men were shouting and cheering Debbie on as she ground her pussy down onto Jenna as she moved her hand rapidly across her swollen clitoris.

As Debbie orgasmed she moaned loudly before she fell forward and embraced Jenna as the rolled around kissing on the stage. With Debbie laid on the stage Jenna climbed off her and she unhooked the strap-on and without a word she squatted over Debbie's face. Jenna squealed as Debbie probed her with her tongue. Jenna was very damp and her pussy was covered in a mix of her perspiration and juices. Debbie's fingers tease at the soft pink folds of Jenna's vagina before she then moved to Jenna's rear and pushed a finger into Jenna's anus. Jenna bucked backwards and forwards and her tits swayed. She started to cum and Debbie's face was soon awash as Jenna's juices increased and ran down on to her as she licked her to a further orgasm. Jenna moved down and kissed Debbie on the mouth. She could taste her own musky scent on her friend's face. 

"Shall we have a blow job contest?" Jenna asked.

"Oh yes!" Debbie replied laughing.

Debbie turned the music down and Jenna walked to the edge of the stage.

"I want five of you sat in a line to my left and another five of you in the same position but to my right." Jenna announced.

There was a rush and scrabble as they struggled to get on the stage and quickly the seats were in place and were filled with eager and excited men.

"Cool, that's good to see you all so keen." Said a naked Debbie who was walking in front of them. "Now I want each of you to stand up, undo your trousers and drop your clothing and sit down. Then I want to see ten hard cocks swaying and awaiting some attention."

Without any words the men all did as Debbie had asked and as she and Jenna inspected the men they were presented by ten impressive erections. 

"Ok guys I want each of you to do your very best not to cum as Jenna and I visit you in turn." 

Debbie and Jenna moved to the furthest end from each other and they knelt before the hard erection in front of them. The crowd watching started to count down from three and when the yelled go both women moved forward.

Debbie took the penis in both hands and moved her mouth fully over the penis and sucked hard on the cock which filled her mouth. She moved her head up and snaked her firm grip around the shaft and as she moved round she drew her hands up and down. Her tongue flicked the head of the cock and to her right she heard Jenna sucking loudly and she saw her friend's cheeks bulge and then she pulled her head clear and there was a thread like line of fluid from the shrinking penis to her mouth. The man groaned and Jenna gulped down the sperm. She moved to the next man and Debbie focused her efforts sucking hard as she rubbed the shaft with one hand and with her spare hand she moved her fingers across his scrotum and pushed an extended finger into the man's ass. She felt the puff of air which she knew meant her mouth was about to be filled. The cock head exploded and hot semen flooded her mouth.
