 Monday morning couldn't come quick enough for Miss Jones. She never wore panties to work any more. She did wear stockings - either hold ups or garters. She spent more money on bras these days too. But Monday morning was always her favourite. By then it was always three days since her last sex and she was always horny. 

At ten she knocked on Mr Smith's door and walked in, carrying a tray. She set the tray down with a very cheery good morning to him. 

"Good morning Mr Smith, how are you?"

He smiled a warm smile to her. 

"Can I be completely honest with you?"

"Of course", he replied. 

"Mr Smith, I'm feeling incredibly horny this morning. I want everything. Look, I've brought you tea and coffee and biscuits. I want it all! I want you to fuck my brains out. Please!"

Then something happened that she couldn't later explain. Somehow she knocked the tray off his desk. Everything fell onto the floor with a crash of crockery and a splash of hot, wet tea. 

"Clear it up Miss Jones, you've made quite a mess."

She did so without complaint or fuss. After she'd finished, Mr Smith asked her to come over to his desk. 

"Miss Jones, you know you're going to have to be punished, don't you?"

She nodded. 

"Put your arms out in front of you and shut your eyes."

Again she did so, expecting a smack on the wrist. Instead she found, in an instant, that he had produced handcuffs and had tied her wrists together. 

He led her to the board room table. She was completely compliant. He bent her forwards over the table and with more cuffs tied each ankle to a different table leg, nice and wide apart. 

Good, she thought. I'm going to get a good seeing to. I need it so badly! I hope he fucks me hard. 

Mr Smith went round to the other side of the table and looked her in the eye. 

"You said you wanted everything, didn't you?"

"Are you going to fuck me?" she asked nervously. 

"I'm not going to fuck you but you are going to get fucked hard. You see as part of your punishment I have invited two of my colleagues to come and pay you a visit. They both rather like you. But they're quite shy and don't want you to know who they are. So I'm going to blindfold you."

"Oh God, Mr Smith. You're going to leave me to the mercy of two complete strangers? To do what they want with me?"

"Exactly. But it's what you wanted! I need to pop out for an hour. Miss Jones let me give you some advice. Relax and enjoy it."

"Mr Smith, I don't want anyone else to fuck me, I don't! I want you."

"Miss Jones, you're not really in a position to argue, are you? Try to remember my advice. It might be fun. See you in an hour or two."

With that he closed the door and left her to her fate. She couldn't move. She heard two male voices outside and then the door handle turned, but she couldn't see a thing. What was going to happen to her?

They came in. She could feel their presence in the room. She could hear them move around. Two, she thought. Quite young, moving easily round the room. One lighter and shorter the other taller and heavier. They were stalking around the room, eyeing her up, like predators sizing up their prey, deciding what to do with her. 

I don't want them, I don't, she told herself. 

One of them stood in front of her and unzipped his trousers. She could hear him freeing his cock right in front of her face. The tip of his cock pressed against her lips but she kept her mouth firmly shut and her lips pursed. 

Meanwhile the other was exploring at the other end. He lifted her skirt and she heard his "Oh!" as he discovered he pantiless state. She could feel his hands stroking her buttocks. There was nothing she could do about it with her legs forcibly held apart. He moved his hands between her buttocks, brushing against her backside. Then he moved down a little towards her pussy, stroking her so slowly and gently. 

Oh God! I'm getting wet. Am I enjoying this now? I was so turned on when I got here and I need to be fucked so much. Oh but no, not by these two! I want Mr Smith, I need him, she thought.

His hands rubbed against her pussy. He pushed one finger right inside her and rubbed her pussy lips with his other hand. It was really turning her on. His finger slipped easily in and out. He pushed another finger in. Tighter this time. She gasped and in that moment the other guy slid his cock into her mouth. He put a hand on the back of her head to make sure he stayed in and he slowly began to move back and forth. 

This had never happened to her before! How could Mr Smith allow it. And yet.... was this the moment when she turned from not wanting to wanting? What had Mr Smith said to her? Enjoy it! She relaxed her mouth a little and began to taste the cock inside her mouth. She began to move back and forth in time to his thrusts. He took his hand off her head and she relaxed a little more. She started using her tongue on him too. She had the satisfaction of hearing him moan with pleasure. His cock was fat and thick and filled her mouth nicely. She began to really enjoy sucking him off. She loved being fingered at the same time too. She loved the all over sensations of being pleasured at both ends at the same time. His moans increased in frequency as she sucked him harder and faster. She wanted him to come. She liked the salty taste of his cock and wanted to taste his come too. He took over and thrust in and out of her mouth faster and faster until he came in her mouth. He produced three generous spurts of come which she just managed to keep inside. 

There was no rest for very soon the two men had swapped. This time there was no resistance when offered the other cock to suck. Miss Jones was really starting to enjoy herself now. She was getting the seeing to that she needed even if it wasn't what she had expected. 

The new cock was slightly thinner but just as tasty. He held her head steady and rocked back and forth, fucking her mouth. It was so good to have another one in her mouth so soon again. 

At the other end, thick cock guy had untied one ankle, and lifted her leg up to give him better access to her pussy. His tongue was exploring her pussy lips and flicking her clit. If her mouth hadn't been stuffed full of cock, she would have been moaning loudly. He really knew what he was doing with his lips and tongue and she really appreciated it. If they carried on like this she was going to need a fucking. 

Thin cock guy pulled his cock out for a moment. She gasped loudly. the oral pleasure continued for her as his tongue flicked back and forth. 

"Fuck me! I need to be fucked! Now!". She couldn't believe what she was saying but it was true, she wanted them to fuck her now. Her inhibitions were completely out the window. 

The licking stopped and the tongue was replaced by a cock. At first it was just rubbing against her pussy but then it slipped right inside her, that thick cock filling her nicely. The thin cock was back in her mouth too and she was getting fucked from both ends. And she absolutely loved it! She'd never had a threesome before and was really enjoying this one. 

The two of them worked her over, thrusting in and out. Mr Smith had been right as usual. Relax and enjoy it. She certainly was. Her pussy was getting stretched and pounded and fucked hard. Thick cock had already come once and he seemed able to pound her hard without any problem. Thin cock was being more careful and only fucking her mouth more slowly. She held her teeth close enough together to make him brush past on his in-thrust so that she raked his shaft. On his out thrust she moved her teeth back and sucked to resist and try to prevent his cock leaving her mouth. To judge from his moans he was enjoying it as much as she was. This went on for some time but at some signal between them they both stopped. She was disappointed but she knew they weren't finished with her yet. She felt her other ankle being untied. Thick cock guy rolled her over and pulled her towards him so that she was sitting on the edge of the table. He slid easily into her and fucked her a couple of times but then stopped. He lifted her handcuffed wrists over his head. He put his hands under her buttocks and lifted her off with his cock still deep inside her. He turned round and sat in the table himself eventually manoeuvring himself and her so that he was lying flat on his back with Miss Jones on top of him. Then she felt the boardroom table creak as thin cock guy got onto the table as well. What were the up to? They clearly had a plan. Thin cock guy massaged her buttocks. He spread them wide and played with her anus a little. Then she felt something wet there being rubbed around. What was he going to do with her? She already had one cock in her pussy, surely she wasn't going to have another one at the same time? But there she was, face down, wrists handcuffed together, powerless to resist. But her arse had been lubes up and there was another stiff cock ready to penetrate her at the same time. 

"No, not in there, I don't want it in there. Please no, you can put in my mouth if you like, but not there."

She clenched her buttocks tight to prevent him entering her. It squeezed the thick cock inside her which felt nice, but she wasn't going to have it up the arse. He tried pushing his cock in but it wouldn't go. He lubed her up some more and began exploring with his finger. But even that she managed to prevent from getting too far. Then finally one of them spoke to her. 

"Listen, Missy, you're going to get fucked up the arse if I have to wait all day for it. And I'm going to fuck you until you tell me how much you love it and until you beg me not to stop. Understood?"

She nodded. 

"And don't think your Mr Smith is going to rescue you. He's not coming back until we tell him we're finished. "

She understood but she wasn't giving up so easily. Fat cock guy underneath her managed to slip a hand down and began playing with her pussy. He managed to get one of her nipples in his mouth and played with the other nipple. Meanwhile thin cock guy was rubbing her between her pussy and her anus which felt incredible. She was already in a heightened state of arousal from all the attention. And the anxiety about preventing him from fucking her arse only added to her excitement. They relentlessly pushed her and and pleasured her as they help her pursue her orgasm. It just built up and up and up. Her cries and gasps got louder and louder. And finally the inevitable happened, she orgasmed long and loud. It was so good she nearly passed out. She slumped forward, exhausted and relaxed. Which was just what they'd been waiting for. That was the moment he slid his cock past her sphincter and deep inside her. 

The surprise of it took her breath away. 

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck no! Oh God, stop please, it's too much."

She'd never had two cocks inside her at the same time and it was quite a remarkable feeling. That cock up her arse seemed to be exploring places she didn't know she had. He knelt behind her and held her hips. He pulled her towards him as he thrust in and pushed her away as he pulled back. It meant that when he pulled her towards him it forced both cocks deep inside her at the same time. That was what made her gasp. 

She had no choice but to get used to it, but she had to admit that now she was past the first shock of being penetrated, that it wasn't quite as bad as she'd feared. And the pleasure of having a cock inside her pussy while another one rubbed a different part of her was something she was getting to like. Tomorrow morning this was going to hurt like hell but right now ... could it be?... she was almost getting to like it!

Oh God, I'm not meant to be enjoying this, she thought. But she was. The two of them pumped in and out at a a steady pace. Synchronised fucking. In, out, in, out. Two cocks in, two cocks out. But when fat cock guy went pack to playing with her tits and pussy again, she knew she was in for a big orgasm. 

"Don't stop! Harder! I need it harder! Make me come! Make me fucking come, yes, yes, I DO love it, fuck me harder, don't stop!"

They laughed as they fucked her to the most amazing orgasm she'd ever had. Thin cock guy finally came too up her arse with his own grunt of satisfaction. 

She was gasping and moaning still as he pulled out of her arse. She was still gasping as the other guy rolled her over onto her back and pulled out too. 

They were finally done with her. They quietly dressed and came back over to her. She was lying on the boardroom table, still blindfolded and handcuffed, and enjoying the afterglow of her orgasm. They both kissed her on the cheek and said their goodbyes. As they closed the door she thought to herself that she still didn't know what they looked like. All she knew was how their cocks felt inside her. Yes... inside her mouth, her pussy and her arse. God she was sore. And what was she going to say to Mr Smith when he got back?

A few minutes later she heard the door open. 

"Hello, Miss Jones, how was that?" Mr Smith asked as he took off her blindfold and unlocked her wrists. 

"Oh, Mr Smith, I don't know what to say!" She looked at herself in dismay. Her hair was all over the place, her blouse was ripped and her breasts were both out of her bra. Her skirt was ripped and there were come stains on both front and back of the dark material. 

"Well it certainly looks as if you had a good time", he observed. 

"Oh I didn't want them to do it. I didn't want any of it but they made me. I sucked them both off and they both fucked me and then they both fucked me at the same time, one in my pussy and one in my arse. I tried so hard to stop them, I really did, but I couldn't stop them but they did it to me as much as they wanted they just kept fucking me more and more and they said they wouldn't stop until I told them I loved it and begged them not to stop. I thought I'd never say it but I did say it, I loved it and I did like it and it was amazing and I've never had two inside me at once but now I'd like to do it again but not for a few days as I'm so sore."

"Miss Jones, I've never seen you so excited and so bubbly. So just to make this clear - you didn't want to at first but you actually enjoyed it?"

"I feel bad but yes I did enjoy it!"

"Good, just as I planned! I have been wondering for a while if you secretly like the idea of being forced to do things you don't normally do."

"What? You planned all that?"

"Oh yes! I planned all of it. I was concerned that I wasn't meeting your needs, Miss Jones, and I asked a couple of friends to do me a favour. They're not employed here at all, but they do jobs for me occasionally. But this wasn't work by the way! I don't think I'd have to pay anyone to fuck you! But I did want them to do it in a certain way...."

"That was your idea?"

"Oh yes. And of course I knew Craig loves anal. And Bill just likes any sort of sex. Maybe I'll introduce you to them for real some time...."

"Maybe better not!" she laughed. 

"Miss Jones, I think you should take the rest of the day off to recover and Tuesday too if you want it."

As she went home on the bus that afternoon, she thought to herself 'I know when your birthday is Mr Smith, and I'm going to give you a real surprise in return. I'll show you'. 

Miss Jones spent most of Tuesday in bed recovering from the incredible fucking she'd received on Monday. When she first woke up she was sore and could barely move. Later in the day she managed to get up and eat something. 

How did she feel, she wondered? Sore, obviously, but exhilarated too. Was it having two cocks at once? Yes, partly that. Was it the fact that she was forced into it? Definitely. The fact that she had completely lost control of the situation and they had done exactly what they wanted. That's what she'd enjoyed most. And she wanted some more of that.