 It was a warm August morning and I'd spent it setting up the lighting, backdrops, taking test shots, making sure all the batteries were charged and even gone so far as to take on a stylist I was friends with through my work. And as per her promise, she arrived a little early in order to make sure she was set up in the small kitchen with not just the makeup and hair styling tools, but also a small but sexy selection of lingerie for you to try if you weren't entirely happy with your own. This was to be a boudoir shoot right at the upper end, a style we'd wanted to shoot together since forever, and I wanted it to go well and for you to feel at your best.

Letting you in the front door with a small but delicious kiss, and a light touch to your perfectly rounded bum, I introduce you to Lucia, a petite but ample breasted dark haired Italian woman in her early thirties, giving her a traditional double cheeked kiss, your hand already on her waist, leaving it there just a fraction longer than necessary, testing already.

You glance at me approvingly, a naughty twinkle in your eye. Clearly you approve of her and I don't think that's from the point of view of being good at her job either.

Having already worked with her several times I was more than aware of her life story (several times over!) so I leave you two to prepare whilst I made the final adjustments to the studio. 

Sat on the edge of the living room table, I drink my coffee, listening to you two girls in the kitchen, laughing and joking, doubtless about "girl stuff."

Eventually I hear Lucia call out "She's ready."

I wait expectantly as the kitchen door swings open, revealing you stood there in a silk gown, your gorgeous legs looking long, calves defined in the black high heels you'd donned. With not a lot of makeup and your hair to one side, I could feel myself not only absolutely melt, but a stirring in my groin as well.

You smile at me, almost shyly, "Well?"

Blinking hard, breaking myself out of my reverie. "You look amazing," I manage.

Lucia comes out behind you, "You've seen nothing yet."

I meet your eyes again as you slowly undo the sash, turning your back to me as you do so. Lucia is watching you as well, really quite avidly, and I briefly wonder what she's thinking when you open the robe, looking back over your shoulder at me as you slide it slowly down your arm.

Lucia's eyes are clearly running over your body, still concealed from me, and it crosses my mind that she's giving you the same sort of look I'm aware that I'm currently giving you. 

"Shall we shoot?" you ask coyly.

The double meaning isn't lost on me as you let the robe fall to the floor and slowly turn to face me. You are so so exquisite. Legs accentuated perfectly as you give me a twirl. Peephole bra and crotchless panties, it's clear you've recently been shopping again, and my immediate appreciation is also quite clear as well as I feel myself immediately responding.

"I told you," Lucia says, eyeing you enviously.

You turn to give her a devastating smile, then move to take your place on the damask sofa in front of the camera and lighting.

"Damn..." I hear her murmur under her breath. I'm starting to think I'm not the only person in the room right now who wants you, her rising colour betraying her thoughts.

Clearing my throat, I move behind the camera, adjusting the tripod head to frame you properly in the Nikon's LCD screen. The action helps me to regain my more professional equilibrium and I focus on the job in hand. For how long remains to be seen.

"Okay baby, if you can lie back and place one foot on the arm, the other leg extended on the knee with that foot pointed straight."

You do so, placing your hands in your hair as well and arching your back, turning to look at me at the same time.

"And hold that..." I fire off a couple of shots, the twin off camera flashes triggering simultaneously. 

"Perfect," I say, not bothering to view the images, a trick I learned early on. It helps to improve the images when you're not constantly reviewing them, forcing you to focus more.

We run through some more poses, becoming more daring, more blatantly sexual. And all the time I can see the increased effect it's having on Lucia, her nipples hard and clearly aroused through her vest top, thighs pressing together where she's sat out of shot.

Smiling mischievously I say, "Lucia, can you give her a quick touch up on the hair please?"

Your eyes flick across to her as she moves, then back to me, a knowing look passing between us, and I can read your thoughts in your eyes, "G, you're SO naughty..."

Lucia makes some adjustments to your hair, moving it with a slight tremble in her hand. Oh she definitely wants you...

I'm still behind the camera, observing, the remote trigger in one hand as you turn to face me full on.

You lift your head, looking directly at me, breasts proudly jutting forward, nipples suddenly hardening as you slowly open your thighs, your fingers resting on them, curved down, directing attention, revealing your smooth self to the camera, to me. Lucia is still adjusting your hair, altering it so that it's flowing down the one side.

I pull a fake frown, shaking my head. "No, not happy with that...Lucia, can you move it so that her right nipple isn't covered."

As she makes the alteration her fingers surreptitiously brush across your breast and I hear the short intake of breath from you at the contact, my thumb reflexively pressing the button in my hand to fire the camera.

Lucia starts, like she's been caught doing something she shouldn't and looks away from her task, blushing hard.

"Naughty G..." you say, your legs opening a little wider.

Smiling at you both, I give a small shrug. "Well, when you have two lovely models, it's almost criminal not to capture them."

Lucia blushes even more, self consciously brushing her hair aside, "I'm no model."

Giving her a playful look you reply, "Neither am I but I trust G to make me look like one, and he's never yet failed. Maybe you could practice? I'm sure he won't mind."

I shake my head in agreement, "I don't mind in the slightest."

She opens her mouth to protest but you stand to face her, "It's okay, I don't mind helping out. You're beautiful, you COULD be a model."

She looks between us and any thoughts of further protest are swept away although she tries a half hearted, "Okay, but I have nothing with me..."

Smiling, you reach to brush her long dark hair aside where it's fallen forward again, lightly touching below her ear as you look her in the eyes, "You're absolutely fine as you are, lovely."

"Okay..." she responds a little nervously. "I've never been in front of the camera." It's not a protest this time, just a simple factual statement.

"That's okay Lucia, I'm sure you take erection well," you reply, deliberate with the fake Freudian slip, a fact not lost on anyone present.

She glances down between the camera tripod legs at my own extension, "Yes..."

Smiling, you lead her to the damask, instructing her to sit side on to the lens.

"Is that a telephoto G?" you ask innocently.

Clearing my throat yet again, "Very much it is."

"Good. I think it's going to be put to good use today."

There's nothing at all I can say to that other than to agree, your meaning absolutely loud and clear.

Idly arranging Lucia's hair, casting long glances at me as you do, I almost forget to fire the remote shutter release.

"If I pose with you Lucia, then you can take my lead," you tell her.

"Please yes, that would help I think," she replies.

Immediately you're on your knees beside her, hands resting lightly on her thighs where you instantly start delicately stroking the outside.

"Okay, ladies. If you could both turn towards me..."

As you do so I fire a series of rapid shots, grateful that I'd set drive mode to high speed.

You turn to face her, leaning in closer so that there's mere inches between you, "That's not so bad is it? You're quite a natural."

She smiles shyly, looking back from under her fringe, glancing at your moist parted incredibly kissable lips.

"Hold that!" I tell you both, aware of the heavily charged air between you, the mutually felt attraction that's barely concealed. That image I already know is going to be amazing.

"I think he'll get something good with us together," you tell her, reaching up to touch her cheek with the back of your hand, barely conscious of the firing of the flash.

Her eyes involuntarily close at your soft touch, murmuring, "I think yes too," in her accented voice, lower now, breathing shallower.

Taking a deep breath, I say, "How do you two feel about a girl girl shoot? Nothing adult, mildly erotic though?"

You both carry on looking at one another, saying nothing, the silence loaded.

"Ladies?"

"I think that would be quite...enjoyable G," you quietly say, still stroking her cheek softly.

Lucia says nothing, just watches you, almost transfixed. Her desire for you is palpable and it's all she can do to keep from ravishing you right there and then. In her defence, I understand that feeling as it's the same one I get around you as well. Utterly intoxicating, mesmerising.

"Nicole, do you have anything that Lucia could maybe change into?"

You turn to look at me in amusement, as if you're saying, "Seriously??"

"Okay, bin that idea..." I say. "We'll move onto some more posed shots, work with what we have."

"Sounds good," you say, turning back.

I pause to think for a moment, but that's fake because i already know where this is going.

"So, very briefly, we'll shoot to a little bit of a story here. You two are lovers, you've not seen one another for some time and you're both eager to be intimate again. But I want you to restrain that, hold back so that it's almost like an eternal tease. Touching but not quite. Breathing one another in, more said in the look and the almost-touch, the almost-kiss."

You give a small laugh, "Fuck me G, could you make this any harder? I'm trying to behave as it..." 

Lucia cuts you off, leaning to lightly kiss your lips before pulling back again. Even I'm thrown by that. I'm meant to be ready for the unexpected as a photographer, but I didn't quite expect that just then.

The three of us remain locked in place. Me because I'm kicking myself for missing the shot, you because you weren't expecting her to take the lead, and Lucia because...well, quite frankly, neither was she.

"Okay..." I say aloud, and the frozen tableau moves again.

"I'm sorry, I should not have..." she says to you, attempting to stand.

You place a hand on her arm, "Don't. I wanted you to." And you return the kiss, lightly, delicately, deliciously, savouring the smooth moist open curve of her lips, how they open for you, allowing you to take her breath from her.

"So much for the almost..." I mutter to myself, pressing the shutter release several times.

Watching you both is incredibly erotic and sensual, and I'm hoping this is being captured in the images I'm recording. It's quite clearly not just wanton abandonment, this is much more than that. Deeper mutual understanding, attention to one another, response to your touch, her touch.

As you separate you say, "You taste so sweet Lucia. Your kisses..."

Her hands wander across you, seeking you, her touch arousing you more. "I want to taste you too Nicole, but...down there."

Your own hands are teasing her as well, lightly squeezing and pinching her hard nipples through her vest top.

She goes to pull it up, to remove it, but you reach out a restraining hand. "Let me."

By this point I've fallen silent and it suddenly occurs to me that I'm not even pressing the shutter release any longer. Instead I hit the small red "Record" button on the back and step away from the rig, knowing it's now recording in full HD.

I watch as you slowly lift her vest, exposing her glorious large breasts, her nipples engorged. As her vest rises over her head, she raises her arms to help, but you leave the top there, covering her eyes as you lean in to kiss her again.

She's eager for your touch now at her quasi imprisonment and she returns the kiss passionately, your tongues entwining, tasting, searching.

"Wow..." I say. "Room for another?"

You break to look at me and smile, "Always room for you lover. Come here."

I waste no time crossing the space between us, careful not to cross in front of the lens.

Standing before you, you reach out to touch my bulging manhood through my trousers, enjoying the hard well defined length through the material.

"Lucia, G has something for us," you say huskily as she removes her top all the way.

She watches you touching me, her own hand reaching out to join you massaging my cock, the other going to your own hard nipples.

You take a sharp breath as your eyes close, clearly relishing her touch on you, the way she gently squeezes your nipple, harder, harder still, until a low moan of delight escapes your open lips, your fingers tightening on my cock through the material of my trousers.

You lean back slightly on the damask, arching your back, thrusting your full breasts towards her touch, still stroking me.

Lucia leans closer to you, until she is scant millimetres from your now fully erect nipple, reaching towards it with her tongue, gently encircling it with her mouth, drawing it into her warm, wet mouth, eliciting a further moan of pleasure from you.

"You like that baby," I observe as I feel your hand tighten on my cock further.

"Mmmm you know I do," you reply. "You know I love having my nipples pinched and sucked hard like that."

"Lucia, pinch them really hard," I instruct.

Reaching up, she takes the other breast in her hand, finding your erect nipple and squeezing it hard until you cry out.

You feel my cock twitch in your hand at the sound, and suddenly you're reaching inside for me, wanting me in your hand, needing to see my arousal.

I take your hand away. "No baby, Lucia should do it. I want you to watch her."

You feign a hurt look but readily acquiesce and guide her hand inside my trousers where she takes hold of my hard length, bringing it out to stand rigid before you both.

You smile like you're almost greeting an old friend, leaning closer to kiss the tip.

"Hello you, I've missed you." And you take the head in your mouth, teasing it with your tongue.

Lucia hasn't been idle either, slipping her hand behind you as you're bent forward, caressing your cheeks, feeling how firm and round they are, leaning to kiss them, gently nibbling on each.

"Mmmm Nicole, you work out, yes?" she asks between gentle bites.

Smiling from your position in front of me, you pause a second and say, "No baby, just lucky."

I see the surprised look on her face, "I must be lucky one today," and she bites your arse again, harder, just as you sink down onto my full manhood.

Your mouth involuntarily tightens on me as you sink down onto me and I give a moan of pleasure at the sensation of your tight warm mouth about me, my hand going to the back of your head to push you further down.

You take me all the way in to the hilt and I feel you gag as I slide to the back of your throat.

Letting the pressure up slightly, you come back up, keeping me tight between your moist lips before again sinking down onto me. This time I don't push you down and you still take me to the back of your throat. God you're so good at this Nicole, and as you repeat the movement again I raise my hips to meet you this time, again feeling you gag a bit on the fullness of my rigid cock.

Lucia is behind you now, still biting your cheeks, and I see her move into a more centred position. I can see her bury her face between your cheeks, hearing her tongue between them, enjoying your moist pussy, making it wetter still, her eyes open and looking up and me as she eats you.

You let out a small yelp of delight as she finds your hard clit, the sound almost muffled with my cock still in your mouth.

Looking up at me as well, you sink down on me again and again, thoroughly enjoying the passion and lust on my face as you give me the most amazing head.

"Don't stop baby," I tell you. "Take it all."

And you proceed to suck my cock with renewed vigour, hands cupping and squeezing my tight full balls as my hips rise again and again to meet you.

Behind you Lucia is making the most of your beautifully shaven tight wet cunt, running her tongue between your lips, tasting you, finding your clit again and again.

Before long you're pushing back against her, wanting her to finish you off.

Still licking you, she rubs two fingers between your wet outer lips, lubricating herself from you before sliding them deep inside, all the way to the knuckles.

You pause momentarily from my cock, distracted by the pleasure she's giving you, your fingers still tight around me.

"Jesus Lucia, that's good baby. Don't fucking stop," you tell her between panting breaths, close to cumming.

"You taste so sweet Nicole," she replies between strokes with her tongue. Clearly she's enjoying you as much as you're enjoying her.

Her tongue finds your aching clit again and as it does so you give a series of shudders, climaxing, your juices flowing as your pussy contracts and throbs.

"You should taste her too baby," I tell you as you start coming down from your orgasm. "Change places."

You look up at me as she moves from behind you, her mouth glistening from your wetness.

"You want that I pleasure you?" Lucia asks.

I give a nod, replying, "And Nicole can taste you too."

"Maybe I want you taste me," she says, hands on hips, looking down at me imperiously.

Instead of answering, I stand, my cock hard and proud before me, aching still from the attention you've given it, balls tight and firm.

I have a better idea...

Leading you both to sofa I instruct you to lay lengthways which you willingly do, one foot on the floor.

Immediately you both know what my idea is and with an almost girlish giggle Lucia straddles your face, teasingly swaying her shaven cunt just out of reach.

"Lucia..." you moan, your hands on her thighs, trying to draw her closer.

In the meantime I've positioned myself between your open thighs, my engorged cock gently nuzzling your lips, the tip teasingly parting them.

Lucia is facing me, her full breasts swaying as she moves, until she finally sinks down onto your eager mouth and you taste her sex, so so wet and ripe.

Easing myself forward I slowly enter you, inch by inch until I'm halfway in, watching my cock slide between your ripened lips. God you're so wet, so turned on. I've never known you this horny before and it's all I can do to hold back from plunging deep into you straight away. I want this to last, for you to gain as much pleasure as it's possible for you to take.

Lucia too is incredibly turned on, slowly grinding herself against you, making sure you both get the most from one another. I can see how wet she is, her pink lips so moist from the combination of her own juices and the attention your mouth is giving her.

I pull out until just the tip of my rigid cock is just inside you, and lean forward to take first your breast in one hand, and then Lucia's in the other, squeezing both nipples hard enough to draw out moans of delight from you both, and for you to push your groin towards me, wanting me inside you.

This time I give in and plunge myself hard into you, all the way to the hilt, so hard your breasts jiggle, their movement captivating to me.

"Fuck yes..." you gasp as I fill your tight wet cunt. "Fuck me hard G."

Reaching up further, I rest my hand on your throat, gently squeezing it as I slowly fuck you deeply, each stroke all the way to the hilt, my balls slapping your arse cheeks as you rise to meet each thrust I give.
