 You sit back facing me, reaching for your latte and taking a small sip of the hot liquid.

"So?" you ask demandingly.

I shrug, feigning non committal. "Do you think we can?"

You smile that smile, the one you know I can never resist, and I can feel one foot gently rubbing the inside of my leg. "I know we can, baby."

I smile back, but you're not looking at me, instead your eyes peering over my shoulder. Suddenly you look away from whatever has caught your eye and I see a flush start to rise in your cheeks.

Curious, I turn to look, and see a woman looking across in our direction, watching you. Noting she's quite pretty, I guess her age to be similar to yours, maybe a couple of years younger. Her olive skin belies her Mediterranean origins, and if I had to guess I'd say either southern Spain, or maybe Italy. Her eye catches mine and she looks away, but not before casting a quick longing eye at you. I've seen her around work, even spoken a couple of times in passing. I'm almost sure she has a Spanish accent. If I could just remember her name tag...

I turn back to you to see you staring at me, eyes full of...is that lust? Cocking my head to one side, I state clearly, "You like her."

You nod, lips pursed together, glancing again at her. "She's cute."

"She is that, yes." I give you a half smile of my own, encouraging. "Go speak to her."

Your eyes widen. "I can't do that!" you emphatically state, your voice betrayed by the slight quiver of badly hidden desire.

"Why not? You like her, go say hello."

You shake your head as her name comes to me. Sighing, I turn to her, "Elizabetha, do you have a minute?"

"G!!" You're dying in your chair as she comes across. "Oh my fucking god..." you quickly murmur.

"Hola," she says, coming up to us.

I smile disarmingly at her. "Hi hunni, what you up to?"

I can feel your daggers across the table but pay them no heed.

"Just finished, on half day today," she replies in that sexy Spanish accent, glancing at you, quickly taking in your outfit, my favourite red halterneck, the swell of your breasts threatening to spill from them.

"Good, same with my girlfriend here," I say.

"Girlfriend?" almost managing to not sound disappointed.

My smile widens cheekily. "Elizabetha, this is Nicole. Nicole, this is Elizabetha. You both like girls and...OUCH!" I was able to ignore the daggers, but not the sharp point of your shoe.

"G...for fuck sake..."

I look at you both and hold my hands out. "Well, it was either say that or put up with you two staring at one another like puppies for the rest of the day," I exclaim.

Silence greets that statement as you both exchange shy but knowing looks, the tension in the air between you almost electric.

"So...it's the weekend...what are you two going to do about it?" 

Another silence as you both mull that over, this time, your eyes never leaving one another, the chemistry clear between you.

"Well..." you begin. "We could..."

Elizabetha answers by parking her gently rounded bottom on the corner of the table, eyeing you, running her gaze over you, mentally undressing you.

Getting to my feet, I take you by the hand. "Come with me, both of you." Totally in control, knowing you like that, you both follow me down the corridor, pausing only as I open the door into Surgical Day Case, leaving the light off, the light from the corridor more than enough, making sure the door locks properly behind you.

"Is this...wise?" Elizabetha asks, already perched on the edge of the desk, eyes still on you, almost devouring you. Her desire for you is obvious, and is already turning me on hugely.

I look at you, smiling, "IS it wise Nicole?"

Your eyes move to my groin and you approvingly note the growing bulge there. Moving across to the desk, you take her hand, placing it gently on your breast, your breath shallow.

"I think it's what we want..." With that you lean to kiss her gently, your lips moist, tasting her, fingers touching her cheek as she immediately responds, fingers seeking your already erect nipple through your dress.

You press yourself against her tighter, your fingers now in her hair as you kiss her harder, the sight of your tongues meeting, tasting, entwining causing me to shift my weight to alleviate the growing pressure in my jeans. 

I move across to the vinyl seats, taking one facing you both so that I can properly watch, my hand resting idly on my jeans, enjoying the light touch against my manhood.

Her fingers in your hair now, her other still teasing you nipple, proud and erect through the material of your dress, she pulls your head back, exposing your neck to kiss it, softly lick it, kiss is behind your ear, her touch causing you to moan quietly with pleasure.

Your hands move down her uniform, rapidly and expertly unbuttoning the tunic to expose her firm tanned body, breasts spilling free and barely restrained by her bra. At the sight of her naked flesh you almost feverishly tug the tunic down both arms, stopping just short of pulling it all the way off, so that her arms are semi restrained. Looking her in the eyes you run your hands across her tanned skin, over her full breasts, eliciting a murmur of delight as you find her nipples through the lacy material.

Hair falling across your face, you kiss your way down her neck, across the swell of her breasts, gently biting a nipple through her bra.

Leaning back, supporting herself against the desk she arches her back, offering them to you, and you're quick to accept, freeing both ample breasts from the material, nipples hardened in the cooling air, pert and pink like fresh bubblegum.

Using first your tongue and then gently nibbling, you tease them harder still, her back arching further.

She shakes an arm free, finally able to reach out herself, and she reaches behind you into your hair to undo the halterneck. Almost violently she pulls it down, your own full breasts spilling free and she almost falls upon them, devouring each one in turn, absolutely hot in her passion for you.

She takes a dark hard nipple in her mouth, biting hard on the bud, and you grab her head, pulling her tight to you, your moan of pleasure so loud as you teeter between pleasure and pain, on the edge already of your first climax.

I'm sat watching all of this, taking it all in, completely entranced by your ecstasy, by Elizabetha's desire for you, conscious of my own aroused state, wanting both of you as I stroke myself through my jeans, so painfully hard in my restriction until I can bear it no longer. 

The sound of my belt undoing breaks through and you both turn at the sound, momentarily distracted, your hard nipple still in her mouth.

Our eyes meet, full of passion, desire, lust, want and you swallow hard, trying to find a way to speak between panting breaths.

"G...come..." you manage.

I shake my head, playing my role perfectly. "No, you both come here." as I reach inside my jeans.

Your eyes widen, "G, no. I want to..." as you gasp again when Elizabetha's hand reaches between your legs to cup you firmly.

"Then come here...both of you." I say commandingly.

You take Elizabetha's hand, the one cupping your mound and lead her towards me. As you walk, your dress slides down further with each step, revealing more and more of you. A couple of steps away and it falls to the floor so that you stand before me in nothing more than a small thong, already damp and pressing between your moist lips.

"Nicole, you're beautiful." she says from just behind you, reaching out to run an appraising hand across your bum.

Your eyes close at her touch, your lips parted as her fingers reach between the top of your cheeks.

I watch as she slips both hands around you, moving to cup your beautifully rounded breasts, fingers seeking your nipples, squeezing them tightly. Your back arches involuntarily as your own hands reach back behind you to find her through her uniform trousers, stroking between her thighs.

She reciprocates, moving down your body, fingers seeking your own moistness out, dipping down, across your lower tummy until she finds you, one hand still teasing a breast, kissing and nibbling your neck, behind your ear as she does.

She slips her fingers inside your thong, touching you directly and you let out a low moan of pleasure, "Elizabetha..."

Enjoying your ecstatic responses, I'm aware that you're both still beyond my own reach and touch

"Aren't you two forgetting someone?"

You both look at me, my hand inside my jeans, teasing myself.

You cross the short distance between us and I reach out to you, taking hold of your waist, reaching up with my head to seek out your breast and take an ever so hard nipple in my mouth, teasing it roughly, sucking hard, biting.

You pull my head tighter against you, crushing me to you as Elizabetha fingers your wet pussy from behind, her free hand inside her own trousers as she pleasures herself simultaneously.

"G..." you breathe as I bite your nipple harder still.

Pulling back to see you both I say, "Nicole, finish undressing her."

You hesitate, enjoying being the filling between us both, my mouth on you, her fingers sliding inside you, her palm rubbing against your aching clit.

"Now, Nicole." I instruct, putting more force into my voice.

You immediately turn to face her, hands taking her ample breasts, your head bending to seek her own nipples, your cute arse jutting teasingly before me.

As you free her from the confines of her bra I reach out and roughly snap the small string of your thong, letting it fall so that you're absolutely naked between us, immediately seeking you out with my mouth, gently biting a cheek.

You give a murmur of approval, bending further as you take her trousers and panties down, exposing her shaven pussy to you.

"Nicole," she breathes deeply. "I think he's feeling left out."

You give her a small kiss just above her bare mound and then turn to face me, now both totally nude, both so very clearly aroused and wanting.

Without waiting you both kneel before me, one either side as you both massage me through the rough material of my jeans whilst kissing and teasing one another's breasts with a free hand.

I sit back, my enjoyment growing as I watch you both, pushing my own hips forward slightly with each stroke.

Pausing in your mutual play you say, "Do you want to see him, what he has for us?"

She casts a glance at me, at my hard bulge, and nods, "Can I?"

"Of course," you reply as you lean up to kiss me, a hand inside my jeans, grasping my hardness, 

Elizabetha yanks at my jeans, pulling them down and kisses her way up my thighs until her face is only inches from me.

"Show me," she says in her accented voice.

Slowly your hand reaches inside my tight boxers, taking my length in your fingers as her hands take my boxers and slides them down, freeing me.

"Oh god..." she says, eyeing my erect manhood, solid and hard in your fingers.

You move back down until you're both level before me.

"Shall we share?" you ask her.

"Mmmmmmm yes," comes her reply.

Already your fingers are stroking me and hers rapidly join in, my own breathing shallow and fast at the touch of two beautiful women together.

You run your tongue along my length, your eyes encouraging her to join in. She needs no further invitation, hand cupping my full, tight balls as she joins in.

At the top of each lick you kiss, tasting my scent on one another.

Elizabetha takes a firmer grip on my cock, slipping the engorged tip into her warm wet mouth before slowly sinking down onto my full length, taking me all the way in as you watch, turning to look up at me, eyes meeting, taking in the pleasure on my face.

"You like that?" you ask me, reaching up to gently tease my nipple.

"You know I do," I reply, lifting my hips slowly in time with Elizabetha's rhythmic movements.

"Is she good?" 

"Mmmmm, she is." 

"I can tell..." you answer.

I look at you again, noting how your eyes don't leave her devouring my manhood, your dilated pupils belying your high state of arousal.

"You should taste her baby. I bet she's sweet like you..." I tell you.

Your hands exploring her naked skin, you move round behind her, leaning to kiss her swaying bum, gently nibbling on her cheek before you bend further, kissing, nibbling, licking her wet and ripe cunt.

Her eyes close at your expertly sweet torture of her, your tongue running across her clit as her mouth sinks down on me time and again, fingers stroking me each time she rises up.

You reach down between your thighs, seeking your warm wetness, easily sliding two fingers deep inside as you massage your own clit with the palm of your hand, quickly reaching your climax.

As you cum you bury your face deeper into her bald mound and she climaxes as well, her mouth tightening round my cock as she does.

"God I want to fuck your girlfriend..." she says between breaths.

You look at me from behind her and I nod acquiescence to you.

Moving quickly, you sit on the vinyl seat next to me, "Come here baby." you instruct her.

She kneels before you, kissing her way up your open thighs to your own well kept pussy, licking your outer lips slowly before parting them with her tongue, tasting how sweet you are.

You take her long dark hair in both hands, sliding down further, placing your legs around her neck so she can better reach you.

Whilst you enjoy her attention I kneel behind her, playing with her pussy with my fingers before bending to give her my own tongue. She's oh so sweet, almost but not quite like you, a slightly different taste but almost similar, lips petite and wet, dark like yours but ever so pink inside.

"Fuck me, you're good..." you say, breathing heavily as her she slides two fingers inside your soaking cunt, playing with the edge of your arse with her thumb whilst repeatedly licking your aching clit.

"Mmmmm, he's good too, you're very lucky girl," she replies between deep tastes of you, her accent much more pronounced.

You look down along her back at me, watching as I pleasure her from behind, lustily smiling at me as your eyes meet mine, your hands full with her hair between your thighs.

"I know," your sigh turning into a gasp as she enters her arse with that teasing thumb.

"Elizabetha, sit on my face," you tell her.

Eagerly she scrambles up your body, straddling your face as she braces herself against the seat back and wall.

You proceed to eat her pussy again, her juices covering your mouth, spreading her lips with your one hand whilst playing with yourself with the other, your fingers soaked through and glistening from your own juices.

Pausing for a second, you gesture to me, telling me to come closer.

As I approach I say "Turn round baby, I wanna fuck you deep from behind."

Still tonguing her ripe cunt, you turn so that your perfect arse is before me, swaying seductively, legs wide, inviting.

I don't need an invite from you, I know you're always ready to take me.

Teasingly I nestle the tip of my cock against your lips, rubbing myself between them, against your clit as you drink from Elizabetha, finger fucking her hard and deep.

Each time my cock, now rampant like an iron rod, brushes your ever throbbing clit, you push back slightly, eager to have me inside you.

Finally I can no longer resist and I slide slowly and easily into you, feeling you push back to meet me, catching your breath as you feel me enter you, filling you totally.

"Oh god...G..." you breathe in quiet ecstacy, relishing my hard length, your nerve endings tingling, pausing only for a moment against Elizabetha's own glistening pussy.

"Fuck," she says, obviously in her own plane of fulfilment. "Don't stop. Fuck my cunt Nicole."

Doing as you're told you carry on pleasuring her with your tongue, your fingers, as I start a slow, long and deep rhythm, spreading your cheeks wide so that I can get deeper inside you, to the hilt, my balls tight and full against your clit with each thrust.

Your moans become louder with each deep thrust, and you pause again to look back at me over your shoulder at me, hair falling to the side.

"Fuck me hard G, fucking give me that cock."

I thrust harder, almost ramming myself inside you, "You like that baby? You like my cock in your wet cunt?"

You've turned back to Elizabetha, paying attention to her inviting desires again but you still manage a breathless, "God yes, fuck me you bastard, make me squirt."

I slap your arse, enjoying the yelp of pleasure it elicits from you. 

"You're gonna cum so fucking hard baby."

Elizabetha looks downs at me pounding hard into you, her fingers pinching her nipples hard as you lick and fill her with your tongue and fingers, her eyes on mine as I fuck you harder, almost slamming you with each stroke, the force pushing you against her cunt each time.

She grabs your hair tightly, pulling you hard against her, almost pulling some of it out such is the power of her climax. The pain is at your threshold and pushes you into your own orgasm. I feel your muscles tighten around me as I pound you hard and I pause, feeling myself building towards my own one, not wanting to unload yet.

You continue pushing back against me though, fucking my rigid length, desperate to feel my hot seed empty inside you.

Instead I pull out, just allowing the tip to push between your lips, the sensation driving you mad.

"Not yet baby," I gasp out, so close.

"Mmmm G, fucking fill me."

I take a hold of you by the waist, adjusting myself slightly so that I'm brushing against your arse, spreading your cheeks with my free hand.

Immediately you realise my intent and you look back at me again, fingers still deep inside Elizabetha's dropping cunt, now almost dripping from juices.

"Fuck yes. Fuck me in the arse."

Ever so gently I enter your tight hole, easing steadily into you, feeling how you adjust yourself to take my cock, still damp from you.

"Oh Jesus God that's good..." you say in absolute ecstacy as I fill you completely.

"Mmmmm she likes that," Elizabetha says, still with a hold on the back of your head, tight against her.

I start carefully, easing you into a slow, gentle rhythm. That quickly is brushed aside by you as you grind back against me with each stroke.

"Fuck yes baby. Fuck me harder."

I take hold of both of your hips, increasing my speed, "You like that? You like being fucked in the arse you dirty bitch?"

You nod, face buried deep in Elizabetha's pussy again, taking her to climax again.

"God yes, fucking do me," you moan aloud.

Reaching beneath my balls, I play with your soaked cunt, opening your lips, rubbing your clit rapidly as I feel the first sensations building inside me again. This time there'll be no stopping them and you sense it too.

"Go on G, fuck me hard. Fill my arse."

Breathing hard, trying to hold on, I fuck your tight arse faster and harder, my fingers moving quicker and quicker over your clit, your tongue and fingers faster and deeper on Elizabetha.

Right on the edge she cries out, and that's enough to push us both over the precipice.

With a final deep thrust I explode deep inside your arse as you cum as well, clear liquid jetting from your pussy across my thighs, across the floor.

"Oh god, oh god, oh god, oh god," you cry over and over as it feels like your climax won't ever stop, Elizabetha cumming again as well.

Finally I come to rest still inside you, my hot cum seeping from you, down between your lips, covering your sex with my seed.

Still breathing hard, your muscles still contracting, you reach between your legs, taking my cum on your fingers, at first tasting, swallowing deeply and then again, reaching up to offer it to Elizabetha who willingly sucks it from your fingers.

As I slowly withdraw from you more runs out, my still semi erect cock covered in myself.
