 After the incidents of part 4 (and well before the first story I wrote about her), things stayed as they were. I was dating other women and Julie was my go-to girl. I kind of felt sorry for the other women, too, because if they weren't giving in bed then I wasn't about to stay with them. Why date a girl who might give you a blowjob from time to time when I had Julie, who would let me cum in her mouth anytime I wanted or fuck her ass anytime I wanted. I will say this about Julie, over the 3 years I was dating her, I never got serious about another girl until the end. It is that incident that I will share with you now.

As I have mentioned before, once Julie put something on the table, we could do it anytime I wanted. By letting me take it from her ass to her mouth once, she let me do it any time after that. I didn't do it often because I liked kissing her, too, but if I was feeling kinky or controlling, we would do that. Julie still loved to be handcuffed, almost insisting on it from time to time. I guess she felt that if she were always available to me -- in any way I wanted -- I would always come back to her. She was right, too.

After about 2 ½ years of seeing Julie, I did finally meet a girl and got serious with her. We hadn't quite reached the "committed" stage, but were mad for each other. Julie was aware of this and backed off, but she made herself available as always. I had been dating the new girl about a month and my birthday was approaching. Julie called up and asked if she could see me on my birthday. I felt a little trepidation about this, but given that my new girlfriend was going to be out of town for a few days, I decided that was ok. I was getting really close to her and was ready to be exclusive with her. So, I set a time to see Julie figuring that I would back it off with her.

Julie had just moved into a new place and being the winter months (darkness), it was hard for me to find the address. Though I didn't intend on being late, I was by about 15 minutes. Now, it was normal for me to be late, but given that I was essentially going to break it off with her, I didn't want to be rude. Unfortunately, that is what happened. When I arrived she had a candlelight dinner going and had an appetizer on the table. I could smell it was one of my favorite meals (Julie really was a good cook) and she had shrimp cocktail out for the appetizer. It was clearly a romantic dinner setting -- which also had me worried. Not wanting to ruin her efforts, I went in, kissed her and she hugged me rather tight. I looked at her feeling rather guilty and asked, "What?" 

"I have something special in store for you tonight," was her reply.

"Oh, what's that?" I inquired.

"You'll find out later," Julie answered slyly, "now let's sit down and eat."

Dinner was great and the talk was about anything but our relationship. She served several courses and I had plenty to eat without getting that overfull/stuffed feeling. Julie barely ate -- as usual. She kept checking the clock and taking small bites. At about 10 minutes until 8 she asked me why I hadn't inquired about the present.

"I guess I am just a little bit hesitant. Not sure what to think or where this is going. I also don't want you spending all sorts of money on me. You didn't do that?" I asked, knowing she didn't have money and that we were going to be breaking it off.

"No, it is nothing like that," was her response. "I just felt that I should give you what you always wanted."

"Oh, what's that?" I asked, looking at her and not really knowing. She got a little shy smile on her face and thoughts started running through my head. Was she really saying what I thought she was saying? 

Instantly I forgot about why I came there that night. My little head had clearly taken over as I hesitantly asked the question, knowing that what the answer was going to be. "Are you telling me you have arranged a three-way?"

"Yes. Is that ok?" she asked. "I guess I just want to give you something you always wanted. Besides, if I am going to have to share you then it will be on my terms."

With her affirmation my head started spinning with questions. Was this going to be a true three-way? Was she going to go down on this woman and was this woman going to do the same? What kind of things would we be able to do? 

Every question I asked was answered in the affirmative or was a better response than I was hoping for. Finally, I had to ask, "Is this girl going to let me do her butt, too?"

"Yes she will," Julie replied. "I know how much you like that."

I shot back with, "and that other thing I like.....are you going to let me put it in your mouth after it has been in her?'

Her response was simply, "If it is clean."

At this point I was totally ready. I was going to have a three-way and I was going to do what I wanted. If this girl was at least semi-attractive and anything at all like Julie it would be awesome. As the 8:00 hour rolled around a car pulled in the driveway. I was So nervous I didn't go anywhere near the front door. All I heard was Julie answer her with "It is on," and then instruct her with, "get ready in the bedroom and meet us there."

I am not sure if not knowing what the lady looked like made it better or not. All I know is that I was anxiously horny and all thoughts of the girl I was serious about left my head. When Julie came back into the room where we were eating I was on my feet and all over her. She was more than accepting of my eagerness, but teased me with, "If you just want to do it with me, I can send her home."

It was no surprise that my answer was a quick, "No!" Then Julie more or less laid out some ground rules. I say more or less because there really weren't any.

Julie explained, "Beth is a friend of mine who I have known for several years. She has seen you come and go and I have told her about you and about how you are in bed." 

Of course I was wondering, "Is this a good thing or a bad thing?"

Julie continued with, "She thinks you are attractive but also has been trying to get me to do something with her for a while. She is bisexual and was in a bad marraige. She isn't feeling all that good about herself, so if you don't find her attractive, please do what you can." 

I couldn't believe my ears. On one hand I not only had a girl asking me to do a three-way, but she was basically begging me to show interest in the other partner. On the other hand, I was wondering if she was a dog or something. Still excited about what was going to happen, Julie took me by the hand and said, "I told her to wear something I thought you would like. She doesn't feel that confident about the outfit, but I figured that you would like it better anyway."

Having never been in the house before, I had to be directed upstairs to the bedroom. The lights were dim and there were candles lit. I could not see the other girl yet. Julie then stopped me and then proceeded to put a blindfold on me saying, "Beth would prefer if we started with you like this."

While Julie had blindfolded me before, I was a little hesitant about going into an unknown room and situation with the blindfold on. Still, there was no way I was going to turn this down. She had me strip down to my boxer shorts in the hall and then had me put on the blindfold. She led me to the bed and had me lay down in the middle. It wasn't as good of quality blindfold as I was had used on her, but it got the job done. While lying on my back, however, I could make out a little bit of what was in the room. Trying not to ruin what was in store for me, I closed my eyes when I could tell someone was entering the room. By the shifting of the king size bed, I could tell that the ladies got on either side of me. 

While I had my briefs on, they weren't doing much good as I could feel my erecting sticking out of the top of the shorts. I could feel their breath as they both leaned in to kiss me and I was caught not knowing which way to turn. Julie then directed my head towards her as I could tell the way she kissed. Beth then got up some nerve and I soon found myself in full lip-lock with her. It was more sensual and less aggressive than I was used to with Julie. Definitely like a first kiss on a date, not a kiss of "I'm going to fuck you." Julie was rubbing her hands on me and worked them down to my shorts. She stuck them on either side of my waist bands and removed them, before promptly placing her mouth around my pre-soaked cock. I had been leaking seminal fluid this whole time and Julie gave me a resounding, "Someone is looking forward to this."

As Julie began to mouth my cock, the kiss with Beth continued. I caressed her cheek in an embrace of passion as I arched my back while Julie did her thing. At this point Beth got up the nerve enough to untie the blindfold behind my head. She hesitantly released the blindfold and I got my first look at her. She looked quite different than Julie. While Julie was a long, straight-haired brunette, Beth was a short-haired blonde with some curl to it. Julie was skinny to the point of being anorexic and while Beth was not fat by any means, she was still filled out and a larger girl. This had its benefits as while Julie was a sagging B Cup, Beth was C or D. Beth was kneeling there in a pink baby doll that had some sort of elastic supporting her breasts and was tied in the middle. I glanced down at Julie and she was wearing a black and red corset without a bottom, but with thigh highs. I smiled at Beth and while I could not make out the color of her eyes, I could see that she had a minor scar on her cheek -- as if someone had stabbed her at some point. After getting my first visual image I leaned in for some more kissing and Beth was pleased enough to accommodate. Beth wasn't a 10 by any means, but she was definitely turning me on.

At this point Beth started to slowly kiss her way down my chest, commenting on my chest muscles in route. When she got to my cock, Julie pulled off and proceed to kiss Beth in what I can assume was their first kiss together. I was so turned on by this that I craned my neck over to kiss Beth's legs and she accommodated me by sliding her left leg over my head and sticking her shaved-bare pussy in my face. As she continued to kiss Julie, I buried my mouth into her very wet vagina. Beth seemed to appreciate it almost instantly and sat up a little on my face, smothering me a tad in the process. I was able to position myself so that my nose was free and resumed my task at hand. 

At first I thought I was going to be ignored, but pretty soon Beth leaned forward and began to place my uncovered penis in her mouth. It was slow and gentle at first but then she did something no woman had to that point. She deep-throated me all the way to the base of my cock. I am quite certain that the curvature of my cock and the angle at which it went in her throat enabled her to do this, but it was still a first. She emphasized her accomplishment by holding it there for a good 5 -- 10 seconds before sliding it out again with a gasp. For a few minutes she would work me a little with her mouth and hand, and then give a couple of deep throat thrusts. It felt incredible.

Somehow through this process, I was able to slid a finger into Beth's pussy and work my mouth around her clit. I was only able to suck it for a tad because of the position, but it seemed to have an effect as it was getting rather engorged. Beth sat up again and placed her hands on my chest for balance. She was a little heavier than Julie, but the weight was fine and she took just enough off of me to allow me to provide slow methodical strokes to her clit with my tongue. Meanwhile, Julie had replaced Beth in sucking my cock, but because of the angle it didn't feel quite as good.

I could feel Beth beginning to build and she gyrated a little side to side while I worked my tongue. I was getting a decent rhythm going when all of a sudden I felt a different feeling on my cock. Julie had hopped on top of me and was riding me simultaneously. This also made things more comfortable as Beth was able to take the weight off of my chest and lean into Julie somewhat. I can only assume they were kissing as my eyes were blocked, but I was able to get a nice rhythm going again. As I was able to do that, Beth's groaning changed to a more passionate sound and her grinding on my tongue increased in pace. I knew not to change things up and let her take complete control - fucking my face. She let out a series of louder quick groans followed by a longer one as she held her pussy over my face. I felt quite a bit of moisture run down my cheeks.

I think Julie must have indicated a desire to change places, because Beth got off of me and Julie slid up on me. Unlike Beth, Julie got on top of my face with her knees by my ears, rather than in the traditional 69 position. Julie looked down at me and asked, "Are you enjoying this so far?" When I gave a grunt for a reply she said, "Good, because I want you to do for me what you did for Beth."

Julie then proceeded to grind her pussy in my face. Both because of the size of her vagina and the angle she was on me, it was rather easy to get my mouth and tongue on her clit. I think it was also a nice feeling of power for Julie as I was usually the one to take control of the situation. I could see Julie close her eyes and slide her pussy over my mouth, stroking the top side of her clit with her finger as I worked the bottom side with my tongue. 

As Julie was doing this, Beth moved between my knees and said, "Julie, I can't wait to taste your pussy on his cock." She then proceeded to give me head in the opposite angle from when she was sucking before. She was a substantially better cock sucker than Julie because she knew how to use her hand and mouth without getting her teeth in the way. The motion of her hand stroking along with the head of my penis hitting her palate was enough to take me over the edge if she continued, but she didn't keep it up. 

Julie was starting to go over the edge, but she was known for a series of smaller orgasms rather than a larger one. I could see her face clench up a little and felt her pussy do the same. She wasn't as vocal as Beth, but she came quite the same way. Julie continued to ride my face for quite a bit of time but I didn't mind because I could tell that Beth was going to get on me.

I was expecting Beth to put a rubber on me but was pleasantly surprised when she did not, instead she said, "I can't wait to have this big cock inside of me!" as she slid her pussy lips around my cock. It was already apparent that Beth was more of a dirty talker than Julie and that seemed to wake Julie from her orgasmic glow. She got off of my face and proceeded to kiss me some before once again asking if I were enjoying myself. Julie proceeded to kiss me passionately, if only so that she didn't have to watch me sliding in and out of Beth. 

At some point, though, Beth untied her babydoll outfit and released her mammoth breasts for me to see. She coaxed me with more dirty talk as she said, "Suck my big titties!" I happily obliged and sucked on them hard and nibbled on her nipples a bit. Beth's pussy was substantially tighter than Julies, but I held off hoping for more. This didn't stop Beth at all as her pussy tightened up and I once again felt the rush of fluid on me. This time it was Beth that got off of me and sucked me clean. 

Julie then rolled onto her back and said aloud, "Isn't it my turn?" I was going to respond, but Beth beat me to it with the comment of, "I've been waiting all night to lick that pussy of yours, Julie." I don't think that this is what Julie wanted, but Beth proceeded to slide her head between Julie's legs. She was alternating between licking Julie's twat to sliding fingers in and out of it and talking dirty. 

I was getting by just watching the dirty lesbian action alone, but Beth kept saying things to Julie like, "Did you like watching your boyfriend fuck me?" and "I can't wait until he shoots that big load inside of me." Without so much as a thought I got in behind Beth and started to fuck her from behind while she was eating out and talking nasty to Julie. 

I got in on the action by saying things like, "God Beth's pussy is so tight." Julie closed her eyes again the way she always did when she was receiving oral sex. Whether it was because she wanted to block out me fucking her friend or because she was enjoying it, I'll never know. I do know that Beth made a big show of eating out Julie and in turn getting it from behind by me.

I then spoke up a bit and asked, "Isn't it time for Julie to return the favor?" This was one thing we had not discussed back in the dining room -- Julie going down on Beth. Clearly not wanting to disappoint me, Julie slid off the bed without a word and Beth rolled over on her back. It took a bit of kissing of the legs and coaxing on the part of Beth, but eventually Julie got up the nerve and started to slowly lick Beth's pussy. So, for what I can only assume was her first time ever, Julie had her face planted in another woman's vagina. 

The nastiness in me took over and Beth was going along with it. I coaxed Julie on with, "That's it you slut, show Beth was a slut you can be." I proceeded to slide my cock inside of Julie's pussy and I think that made the task at hand go easier on Julie. This lasted for quite a few minutes when it was clear that her loose pussy wasn't going to do it for me. 

Beth saw me playing with Julie's ass and when I pulled out my cock she blurted out, "That's right, fuck her ass while she eats me. Show me what a slut Julie is." It didn't take any effort at all on my part as my cock slid into Julie's ass with ease and I buried it to the base. Julie let out a groan, but Beth grabbed the back of her head and made her continue.

Knowing there was more to come I would reward Julie for her continued efforts by alternating between her pussy and ass. I would give 10 -- 15 strokes in both. Each time I fucked her pussy it seemed to clench up even more until it got to the point that I could tell that she wanted me to continue. I continued slow methodical strokes in her until she pulled her head off of Beth and let out a long quiet groan. I then stuck my cock in her ass one more time before telling her to, "Come over her and suck this clean."

Julie rolled off the bed and dropped to her knees. Beth was watching this whole thing and added he vocal commentary of, "Julie, you are one nasty bitch." I sat down on the bed as Julie continued to lick my cock from base to tip and I raised my legs up in the air. Julie put on quite a show by licking the underside of my scrotum and then sticking her tongue in my asshole. While Julie did this Beth started to deep throat me again and finally said to me, "I think it is time that Julie got a close-up view of you fucking me."

Who was I to complain? Beth laid back on the bed again and motioned with her finger to come over and make love with her. I climbed between her legs and started to make out with her. I am not sure where Julie was at this point, but I was in heaven as my cock slid back into Beth's pussy and it clenched itself around me. I was really starting to go at it and I felt Julie reach around me and start kissing my neck. With this Beth transitioned from love making to fucking and she arched her hips up and exclaimed, "Show Julie how much you like my pussy more than hers."

Man was she right about that. I really got into fucking her pussy. 

Beth then made the comment I was hoping for. She said, "I'll bet you were hoping you would get to fuck my ass, too?" 

She rolled over on all fours and scooted her ass back to me. I stuck the tip of my cock in her ass and held it there for a bit. Unlike with Julie, I could tell it had been awhile for her so I allowed the sphincter to loosen up. I pulled Julie around to the front of me and started kissing her as I slowly eased my cock deeper and deeper into Beth's ass. I think Julie would have been fine with me just fucking Beth's ass for a bit, but Beth pushed the limit some more. She called out to Julie, "God his cock is so big!" and "Look at him fuck my ass." 
