 Author's Note:

Best to read the other chapters first otherwise it won't quite make sense. 




In the evening Miss Jones checked her phone. There was a text from Mr Smith. 

"Be at work at 7.00. You'll need to pack for 2 nights away. And bring your passport and a bikini."

Wow, she thought. I wonder where we're going - a conference maybe? An exploratory trip to check out a business opportunity? Either way two nights away had to be an opportunity to get fucked by Mr Smith a few times. She was starting to feel better now, and her sex drive was definitely returning. Just thinking about going away made her feel horny. She packed her bag and left it by the door. She set the alarm for six and had an early night. 

She arrived at reception, just before seven and almost immediately a smart car arrived with smoked windows. A chauffeur jumped out and greeted her:

"Good morning madam, you are Miss Jones, I presume? Allow me to help you with your bags. Please step into the car."

"Is Mr Smith here?" she enquired. 

"All will be explained by this", he responded, handing her an envelope which was labelled "MISS JONES". 

She got into the car and as they sped off, she opened the letter. 

"Dear Miss Jones,

I have been so concerned about you recently. I hoped Monday's activities might have helped but I think you need some more treatment. I have therefore booked you into a special retreat for the rest of the week. The chauffeur is taking you to the airport from which you will be flown to an exclusive resort. I look forward to seeing back with a spring in your step and a twinkle in your eye on Monday morning. 

Regards,

Mr Smith"

So he was sending her away for a few days. And what sort of treatment did he have in mind at this special resort? Ah well, all will be revealed she thought. 

A short while later, Miss Jones found herself airborne, the only passenger in a private jet. They seemed to be flying south to judge from the sun above the clouds. She was offered tea or coffee by her personal air hostess, but she declined and instead chose to take a nap. 

She awoke a little before landing time and found her personal air hostess sitting in front of her with her seat belt on. 

"So you're Mr Smith's new assistant?", said the hostess, whose name on her badge said "Jenny". 

"Yes, how did you know?"

"Oh, I just looked at the itinerary notes ... and I know his type!"

"What do you mean?"

"Well you aren't his first secretary!"

"How many others have there been?"

"A few ... but that's not important. Some are more serious than others. I mean he never flew me off to where you're going."

"Were you his PA?"

"Yes." Jenny looked away, with a sad look. 

"And did you ...?"

"Oh yes. I thought he was the one for me. And do you...?"

"Yes, we do... Why did you stop?"

"Um, I think I fell in love with him but he didn't reciprocate and I couldn't deal with that. Do you want my advice?"

"Sure."

"Enjoy every moment of your time with him but don't expect it to last. Make the most of it."

That left Miss Jones something to ponder. They landed soon after and that was the end of her encounter with Jenny, but it made her think. 

As soon as she had landed she was met, whisked into a car and driven to a harbour. The driver carried her bags and led her to an expensive looking motor boat with a handsome man waiting there for her. He was about 30, slim, smooth dark skin and a brilliant white smile. 

"Welcome aboard Miss Jones. Take a seat near the stern and hold on tight. This journey takes 40 minutes on the ferry but we'll be there in 20 in this boat."

She tried to make conversation during the journey but the motor was too loud and the spray was too much so she stopped after a while. The journey was amazing. They left a large island where the plane had landed and headed for a small speck in the distance. As they got closer she could see that it was a classic desert island. A glorious day with hot sun and blue skies made this idyllic. Beach all the way round, a little hill in the middle and some jungle in between. And so remote! Was it to be just the two of them? She wouldn't mind that, she thought, glancing at his slim figure and tight fitting clothes. 

His estimate of 20 minutes was pretty accurate and they were soon alongside the jetty. He whistled and immediately two more handsome young men arrived to give her a hand out of the boat and with her luggage. What delights lay in store for her on this magical desert island?

The handsome man who'd met her in the harbour gave her a hand out of the boat and walked her up the path. 

"I'm Julio, I work here full time as manager of the boys. The overall boss is Miss Davenport - I'm sure you'll meet her later. While you're here we'll do anything to make your stay comfortable. Anything!"

She noticed the glint in his eye as he spoke. What did he mean?

"Everything is paid for already. Everything. All you have to do is ask. Are you hungry? We will cook you what you want when you want. Everything is on the house."

They'd reached the top of the path and there was a beautiful house. Almost colonial in style with a large patio put on the front. Slightly elevated above sea level with a beautiful lawn and well tended gardens. It seemed a little out of place with the desert island feel but it looked very nice. 

"By the way madam, you are the only guest here at the moment so you really are able to ask for anything."

There was an underlying message to his words but she wasn't sure what he meant. Oh well, all would become clear. 

She was led up to her room - it was magnificent! Incredibly luxurious with an enormous bed in the middle. Well furnished too, space to work, nice bathroom with a sunken bath, balcony with a marvellous view. What was Mr Smith paying for this? The weather's amazing too, she thought, cloudless sky, hot sun and a cooling sea breeze. It was early afternoon so she decided a bit of sunbathing by the pool would be a good start. That's why he told me to pack the bikini! 

She changed and went down to the pool in her silk dressing gown. The moment she appeared, three young men presented themselves - arranging the sun lounger for her, taking her dressing gown. Was there anything else she wanted? They were so eager to please. All dressed in the same tight trousers and black shirts. And all so young and gorgeous. As one bent over to put a cushion under her feet his cute bottom was within touching distance. No VPL there, she thought to herself. And when he turned round again there was clearly something stiff in his trousers. 

She decided on a large G&T and a bowl of peanuts. They seemed genuinely disappointed when she said that was all. I'm hardly having a whiskey chaser at 3 in the afternoon, she told herself primly. She closed her eyes and soaked up the sunshine. Such a contrast to the Bristol cloud. Glorious. 

After half an hour of sunbathing Julio appeared at her side. She opened eyes. In the shadows she could see a number of the handsome young men, awaiting her instructions. 

"Madam, is there anything else we can help you with? Anything else you need at all?"

"A top up of my drink would be lovely, thanks."

"Is that all?"

"Yes that's fine, I don't want to drink too much!"

Again there was an air of disappointment about him. 

She was just starting to relax, about 30 minutes later, when Julio came over again. 

"Miss Davenport would very much like to meet you. Would you care to come to her office for a chat? Here is your dressing gown."

Oh dear, she thought, this sounds like a summons to the Headmistress' Study. Looks like I'm in trouble. 

Julio led her inside, along a corridor, to a large wooden door. He knocked, pushed the door open and said "See you later!" and left. 

This is it, she thought. I wonder what she's like?

"Come in, Miss Jones, do have a seat! Welcome to my Island Paradise! How do you like things so far?"

Miss Davenport was in her 40s, well cut shoulder length blond hair and a fine looking woman. Very successful too - she was wearing a very expensive looking business jacket with a well cut blouse and expensive jewellery too. She was seated behind the most enormous desk, which had nothing on it except a phone, an iBook and an empty in tray. 

"Well, it's very nice here, very quiet, the waiters are very helpful ... but I'm not sure why Mr Smith sent me here, to be honest."

"Hmm, roughly what I thought. Miss Jones do you know what sort of place I run here? The most exclusive and expensive retreat in the world for women who need something a little extra in their lives. Do you like the boys? They're a lot more than waiters you know. I trained every one of them myself."

(At this Miss Davenport paused, smiled and licked her lips in a very suggestive way.)

"They are on a strict diet, they must train every day in the gym, they keep their bodies completely smooth, and dress exactly as I tell them. I pay them well, of course, but if they don't make the grade then I pack them off to the mainland and write them a good reference. I'm training one of them right now as a matter of fact. I think that's enough for today don't you?"

What was going on? Miss Davenport seemed to be talking to her own feet. Miss Davenport pushed her chair back from the desk and stood up. Miss Jones first shock was that Miss Davenport was naked from the waist down! The second was that Miss Davenport's pussy was completely shaven and was glistening with moisture. The third shock was that a young man crawled out from under the desk. Had he been licking Miss Davenport's pussy the whole time? He had!

"You can go now! Send in the next one please."

He scurried off and the next boy ran in and crawled out of sight under Miss Davenport's desk. 

"Miss Jones, the boys here are expert lovers. I know because I've trained every one of them, just like I'm training this one now. And I do find that having your pussy licked all day helps make those admin days go more quickly. Now do you understand what this resort is here for? Rich women come from all over the world to stay here and some pay extra to have the place to themselves. There was a gap in my bookings due to a cancellation - Angela Merkel's been so busy recently trying to save the Euro that she's postponed - and here you are with all these boys to yourself. Look at you! Late 20s, gorgeous, look fabulous in a bikini, you're the youngest guest they've had for months and all you want is a gin and tonic? They're desperate to give you a good time. And when a guest is here on her own she can decide everything - how meals are conducted, what the boys wear, where she spends her time, oh everything!  Now either you get out there and start enjoying yourself with them or I'm going to have to fuck them all myself!"

By the end of that little talk the penny had certainly dropped for Miss Jones and they were both laughing at Miss Davenport's last remark. 

"Now I see why Mr Smith sent me here!"

"Yes - one of the phrases in his email was 'seriously underfucked'. I want that remedied in the next three days. Now off you go! We'll dine together at 8 so you've got 4 hours to enjoy yourself before then. 

Miss Jones walked back put on to the patio and had a quiet word with Julio. 

"Miss Davenport had a chat with me - it seems I'm not making the most of my time here. I'm going to make a bit more effort now. So here's what I would like. If I hold up my fingers that's how many boys I want sent over. I like the boys shirtless please, I like to see their backs and chests. The first four will be applying some suncream - at first anyway! Okay?"

"Why certainly, madam, the boys would be delighted to help. "

She went over to the sun lounger and was about to whistle for four boys to come over when one appeared at her side carrying a sliver tray. There was a folded note which turned out to be headed notepaper:

"From the desk of Miss Davenport:

Miss Jones, 

The boys may be expert lovers but they don't always last very long. However their recovery time is incredibly short and they'll be ready again in the blink of an eye. And anyway you can always call up a couple more. 

Enjoy!"

Worth knowing, she thought. Very soon after there were four young men, topless as requested, kneeling beside her sunlounger. Their smooth, hairless chests were beautiful, not an ounce of fat. She lay face down as they squeezed out some factor 12 suncream into 4 piles on her back and on her legs. Then they started rubbing it in. Just gently and softly stroking her skin, speeding out a little wider. onto her shoulders and shoulder blades. she reached back to unclip her bikini top and immediately they had helped her with it do that her back was exposed. The ones on her legs were doing beautiful job but when they rubbed the inside of her legs it really made her tingle. She reached down and eased her bikini bottoms down a little so that could rub her bottom. But before she knew it they had slipped them right off. As it turned out that was the last she saw of them on her whole trip. 

They rubbed her buttocks, right up to the top of her inside thigh. It was really turning her on. She rolled over, her bikini top falling off in the process. Now she was fully naked before them. She spread her legs a little and they rubbed more suncream right up to but not quite touching her pussy. It was so arousing but frustratingly close too. The two rubbing her chest couldn't take their eyes off her breasts. She stroked their spines and backs then moved her hands up to their shoulder blades then their necks and gently pushed them forward. They leaned in closer and still she pushed them closer until they both moved down onto her nipples. They licked at first but were soon taking her beautiful brown erect nipples into their mouths. How lovely, Miss Jones thought, to have both nipples sucked at once. 

The other two were edging ever closer to her pussy but perhaps they needed some encouragement. She opened her legs wider and reached down for their hands. She moved one hand onto her clit and the other she moved a little lower down. There was no mistaking her message. Her pussy needed some attention and with all this help available she didn't see why she should have to do it herself. 

Pretty soon she was getting the best fingering of her life. Four hands massaged every little bit of her hungry pussy. There was one finger and thumb gently massaging the tip of her clit. Each of her pussy lips was getting a very gentle massaging between another finger and thumb. And there was another finger slowly and softly sliding in and out of her. It wasn't rough or urgent but beautifully done by two masters of their art. It wasn't going to make her come quickly but it was so so good. She wanted them to rub and press harder and to finger fuck her more quickly but she was getting more pleasure from letting them choose the pace. 

She let her fingers drift along their backs lovingly stroking their lovely skin. Then a lovely thought came to her and she called over to Julio:

"Two more please. And completely naked this time!"

Now we'll see of they're as smooth as she says, thought Miss Jones as she leant back and shivered with pleasure at the amazing stimulation she was receiving.

Very rapidly two gorgeous youths appeared at her sides. Their cocks and balls were completely smooth as were their legs and chests. Their stiff young cocks stood to attention so she wrapped a hand around each cock. 

What bliss, what heaven, she thought. Here I am with six men to entertain me. All ready and willing to serve my sexual needs. Better make the most of it, she thought. 

She played with their cocks. 

Slowly at first she ran her hands up and down their shafts. A little stiff she thought. 

"Some lube please!" she called over. Instantly someone squirted lots of lovely jelly onto their cocks and her hands slid nicely up and down. She rubbed their tips a little and went back to sliding her hands up and down. Let's see how long they last! She pumped a little faster and gripped more firmly, and she kept going faster and faster until they both, simultaneously spurted out their lovely white come. Both instinctively put a hand out to stop it going everywhere but she could certainly see how much there was. There was a towel handy and she wiped her hands on it. 

"Two more in 5 minutes", she requested. Now I'll just enjoy these other four, she thought. 

"You four swap over please. You'll get your rewards later. "

As they swapped over she opened her legs much wider and the two who had been sucking her nipples so beautifully she pushed gently right into her pussy.

"I want both your tongues on there", she told them and they happily dived in. 

One immediately went for her clit, sucking hungrily on it. It really got her going, and made her squeal with pleasure. The other managed to get his tongue between her pussy lips and was flicking her back and forth. Did they practise this, she wondered. And to really finish her off one of them managed to get two fingers inside. And her nipples were also receiving the most delightful sucking again. It was getting a bit much and she was certainly going to come soon. 

"Oh yes, give it to me. Don't hold back, make me come! Lick me faster, more, more! I need to come, fucking do it to me, fuck, yes, oh fuck! Don't stop, faster! Harder, more, more, oh fuck, oh fuck yes, oh yes, nearly there, fuck yes, YES!"

Her voice had been building up and up over the last minute and she was shouting out the last few words as her orgasm took over all her sense. She relaxed back on her lounger. 

"A few minutes to myself, boys, then I'll be ready for more."

There was no doubt about it, Miss Jones was now horny. Very horny. She'd been passive for a while but now she wanted a bit more action, and a bit more involvement. 

Two lovely boys presented themselves to her. She indicated to them to stand on the same side and they stood to attention, hands behind their backs and beautiful, erect cocks pointing out and upwards in front. They looked SO good! She needed a fucking, but, she decided, not quite yet. 

She took one mouthwatering cock in each hand, and felt their firmness. The foreskins were nearly peeled back revealing the beautifully shaped cock heads. One slightly bigger than the other but both a decent size. She licked one then the other, a long slow lick each time, swirling her tongue around the head, around the back and back to the tip. They tasted fantastic. Lovely smooth skin, salty taste. The boys themselves were fine shapes too - tanned all over, the skin tight, with good muscle tone. If there was only one of them she might have explored the rest of the body but with two there she only had eyes for their cocks. 

She moved from one cock tip to the other. She didn't bother looking them in the eye as she might with Mr Smith to see how he was responding, but just enjoyed gazing at their lovely bodies. Her hands slid down their shafts and found their balls. She squeezed and massaged them. But now when she tried to lick their cocks, they bounced all over the place and the only way to keep a cock still was to have it in her mouth. Oooh that felt good. She sucked hungrily on, still massaging both sets of balls. She decided to give one of them a really good sucking and make him come. She moved her up from the balls to the shaft of the other one and moved his foreskin up and down slowly. The other she kept in her mouth - it was too good to let go. She sucked at it hungrily, like she'd never sucked on before. But it was one of the nicest she'd ever sucked, so she carried on sliding up lips up and down the shaft. She paused at the top, keeping her lips around the tip and licked it. Mmmm. She moved her lips up and down very slowly pushing the back of her tongue against the tip. It was getting too much for him... he warned her, but she wanted to taste it all and let him come in her mouth. 
