 The final song ended, and we parted, slightly breathless, eyes heavy and full of promise and wanting.

Clearing my throat a little, I say "Should..."

"Ask her to come back," you say to me, barely able to contain your desires, so evident.

I nod, a small smile coming to my lips. Taking you by the hand, I guide you to the bar where she's sat, her eyes watching your every move as we approach, wandering across you appreciatively, pausing at your plunging neckline.

"You two looked amazing out there," she almost cooed, staring at you across the top of her cocktail. "I was very...envious..." her gaze shifts to me,"...of both of you." she finishes, the meaning plain.

There's a pregnant pause, the air between us heavy with...you shake off the spell, your long hair cascading over your shoulders. "Would you like to come back for a drink Sophia?" you ask, almost holding your breath in anticipation of her answer.

"I'd love to, Nicole. I was starting to think you'd never ask," she replies gaily.

I let out the breath I'd been holding myself as she slides off the stool, the black satin clinging to her figure almost perfectly, noting that she is very deliberate about the way she refuses to drop her gaze from yours, almost imperious in her defiance, commanding almost.

She's between us, height wise. Very well defined features, with a hint of Spanish about her. Quite obviously educated, and more than capable of holding conversation, as she's proven the last couple of hours. Very distinctive green eyes and long dark red straight hair, she almost looks TOO glamorous to be here, with flawless skin and pronounced features. It was that which drew your gaze to her several times...until she caught you looking longingly at her and gave you such a long smouldering return gaze that I could almost feel your response, your thighs pressing together in reflex. You'd drawn my attention to her as well, and I must admit that the hour glass figure, and the way it filled her dress was really quite appealing. There was clearly no excessiveness to her figure, appearing almost svelt-like in her appearance. More than once I'd wondered what you two would be like together as the evening progressed, the drink and conversation flowing freely, without any hint of inhibition, coyly playful and full of barely hidden meaning.

I smile to myself as you mirror her look and posture. Her hand brushes yours ever so slightly as she turns to me, and you draw a small but sharp breath at her touch. "Which way, G? I'm so...thirsty, and it's so... hot. Don't you agree?"

You go to slip a hand through my arm but she beats me to it, smiling playfully at me. "You don't mind do you, G?"

Without waiting a response, she swings you both round and leads you away from the bar, leaving me stood there thinking...what DO I think? This is so outside my frame of reference...it's so bloody exciting. And beyond hot...staring at your retreating backs, almost hypnotised as your perfect behinds sway in unison.

I follow behind, admiring the view, catching up at the elevator bank, where you two are laughing with one another. I don't ask at what because you're quite clearly in your element right now and I'd hate to interrupt that. Although I do place a light touch on your bottom, which causes you to push back ever so slightly, invitingly. Gazing at my reflection in the lift doors you say, "Mine's not the only one..."

Sophia is looking at me as well, desire plain in her reflected countenance. Moving a little closer to you, she places a well manicured hand gently on your other cheek, lightly stroking my fingers. "I'm okay Nicole...I can wait...for now." And she gives you a gentle squeeze with my fingers.

Further interaction becomes impossible as two other couples join us, the lift finally arriving.

As we rise through the floors, I stand across from both of you, watching as she discreetly caresses your hand, fingers delicate on the inside of your arm. I also catch the admiring glances from the other males in the lift, and can almost see the very pornographic images they must have looking at you both. Can't say as I blamed them either because she IS stunning, and engrossed as you both are in one another, it's utterly captivating.

A small, almost imperceptible murmur escapes you as the outside of her hand brushes the swell of your breast, your eyes half closed, shifting slightly closer to her, inviting her further touch.

She's looking directly at me now, lips parted, her breathing slow and restrained, her full breasts straining with every breath, her desire all too plain, and I feel myself stirring as I glance between you both, the lift stopping at two other floors almost unnoticed, until we arrive at the top floor, our floor.

The spell broken, I lead us from the lift across the small foyer and let us into our apartment, grateful we'd gone the extra mile and decided on the penthouse. Also grateful of the momentary reprieve...I was feeling extremely horny right now and had we stayed in the lift much longer...that emergency stop button had been beckoning like a beacon in the dark, crying to be pressed.

"Would you ladies care for a drink?" I ask, taking control back.

"Vodka rocks for me," she replies airily, moving through the apartment and casting an appraising eye about its contemporary design.

You come and give me a small kiss, "My usual, baby...and thank you."

I wink at you as I go to make your Dissarano and coke and her vodka with ice. I make myself a Jack Daniels straight up before joining you both in the lounge, taking a long pull on the fiery liquid as I walk slowly in.

Handing Sophia hers, she brushes her fingers across mine as she takes the drink, her eyes not leaving you, nor yours her when I hand you yours. I prop myself on the arm of the large chair and you join me, snuggling in as she eyes us both speculatively, carefully sipping the clear liquid, the ice clinking loudly in the quiet.

"So Nicole, tell me more about you."

I feel you shrug against my shoulder, and I wince inwardly because I know what's coming.

"Not much to tell you. I'm a mum, I work to pay the bills. Just...average me," you give your default reply and she responds the same way I do.

"You do yourself a disservice Nicole. You're far from average. You're clearly an intelligent, very beautiful and very desirable woman and any man, or woman, would be very very lucky. Isn't that correct G?"

I give an acquiescent nod as I relish the burning from my drink, happy for this to play out.

You shake your head and I feel your sense of inferiority rise again. "I'm just...me, Sophia. Not like you..."

I place my arm around you, drawing you closer and you rest against my lap. Be still my darling...

"How do you mean Nicole?"

You pause before saying, "You...you're almost a model. You COULD be a model, you're so pretty..."

Sophia smiles from behind her drink before placing it down and walking right up to you. "Nicole, anyone can be a model, anyone can be fake like that."

She brushes your hair aside, revealing your neck, which I instinctively kiss, inhaling the scent of your perfume.

"But it takes a REAL woman to be herself, and to give in to herself...and her desires."

Slowly, deliberately, she slides a strap from your shoulder, watching you, before leaning to lightly kiss your skin. I feel you shudder slightly at her touch as you lean to one side to allow her to explore further.

She pauses, looking at me, and I nod. "Please, continue..."

She slides the other thin strap down and your dress is only held in place now by the swell of your breasts and you pressing against me. Daringly you had worn nothing beneath it, a look that had drawn more than just my own admiring stares through the evening.

Casting her eyes over you, she takes my hands, guiding them round your waist. She tilts your head back, lightly kissing your exposed throat, her own hands moving across you, caressing you through the material. 

You give a small moan as her fingers find your raised nipples, teasing them softly, quite clearly enjoying their tautness as they strain against the material of your dress. Taking my hands again, she slides them down your navel to the top of your thighs, before leaning in closer and kissing you fully, her tongue tracing the curve of your mouth, tasting you. I feel you respond, and I am becoming more excited, aroused.

"Nicole, stand up..." I instruct. You do so and as you do your dress falls to the floor, revealing your lingerie. 

Not even the slightest bit self conscious, you watch her as she looks at me, smiling. "G, may I?"

"You may..." I reply. 

I needn't have said anything because she's already moving before I finish my reply. Her fingers run through your hair, stroking your neck as she pulls you closer, kissing you softly, delicately as my own hands hold your waist, moving down to explore your curves, the perfect shape of your bum, my finger tracking across the top of your lacy briefs.

"Turn round baby," I say huskily, my own desires barely in check.

As you turn, her fingers find your hard beautiful nipples again, teasing them. You give a low moan of desire as I kiss you, deeply, with no small degree of passion, your fingers in my hair, pulling me harder against you. Between our kiss and Sophia's touch, you're feeling so turned on right now and the room becomes filled with anticipation and barely held in check sexual energy.

Breaking the kiss, I pull back to look at you, your eyes half closed and heavy with wanton lust, desire, passion. Your hands move across me, fingers seeking the buttons of my shirt, slipping between them to touch me.

At the same time Sophia is behind you, exploring your exposed body, admiring your curves, kissing them. She looks up at me from behind you, her fingers hooked into the top of your underwear. "May I remove these?"

I nod, still watching you, and she slowly slides them down your legs, her nails tracing a path down your thighs, causing you to give a sharp intake of breath. They fall to the floor and you're now before us both, nude, beautiful and so very much alive.

Your hands reach out to me, touching me through my jeans, feeling the growing bulge in them and you give a smile.

"G, you're a very lucky man," Sophia says from behind you, stood now again. Her hands reach around, seeking you out, exploring every naked millimetre of you. "Your skin is so soft Nicole," she tells you, and I find myself utterly unable to disagree with anything right now, absolutely entranced as I am by you both, so incredibly aroused. She kisses your neck from behind, watching me as her fingers find you, sliding lower now, to the top of your pubis, lower still...

Your back arches as she finds your most sensitive part, gasping aloud, your hands reaching behind you, pulling at her hair, already on the edge of control, pushing yourself against her touch, longing, craving it.

"Wait..." I instruct, and your eyes snap open, almost glaring at me. But you know me, you know what I want.

"Sophia...it's his turn." you say breathlessly.

She smiles knowingly, moving to me, eyes on my straining crotch, and then on mine as her hands move up my thighs. She goes to kiss me and I pull back, seeking you out, finding you. You nod as you step closer to her, your own hands moving now, unzipping her.

Sophia leans forward again, seeking me, and I allow our mouths to meet, her tongue parting my lips to taste me, all the while my eyes open and on you as you slowly slide her dress down, revealing her curves, her exquisite lingerie. God, the look in your eyes as you watch mine...desire, passion, want, need...

I gasp slightly as her fingers trace my outline through my jeans, nails touching my swollen manhood through the rough material.

Reaching behind her, she takes your hand and guides it to me. "He's so ready for you. What is a girl to do?"

Your eyes look into me as you reply, "Free him...I want you to see what's mine..."

She turns back to me as you continue to slowly undress her, explore her, taste her flesh, fingers seeking her out as well. You watch me as well as you enjoy her, seeing how turned on I am. The fact that I'm so aroused turning you on even more so that you can feel the ache between your thighs becoming more insistent, beginning to throb.

With deft fingers she undoes me, reaching inside to take me in her hand. Smiling she looks at me approvingly, "Wow..."

You pause to respond, "I know..." before returning to teasing her, touching yourself as well, unable to help yourself now.

With a swift movement she sets my manhood free and again pauses, "Nicole, you're one lucky lady..." before bending forward to lightly kiss the tip of my engorged cock. Doing so, she exposes herself fully to you and you lightly kiss her shaved mound from behind, eliciting a small moan of approval from her as she sinks down onto me briefly, making me harder still as I'm watching you give her pleasure too.

In a voice heavy with desire she says, "Nicole, dinner is served..."

You return to me, fingers reaching out to encircle my damp cock that is now so ready for you, looking in my eyes. Slowly, with mounting passion you kiss me deeply, your hands exploring my flesh, gently cupping and squeezing my balls.

"G, there's something wrong here..." you murmur. I look at you quizzically for about half a second. In one swift movement you rip my shirt apart, paying no heed to the buttons which fly in all directions. At the same time you lean down and take a nipple in your mouth, teasing it hard, a low moan of pleasure escaping me.

Sophia is behind you, her mouth, her fingers exploring you. As you tease me, she likewise teases you, fingers sliding between your moist lips, your juices covering her deft digits. "Nicole, you're so...ready...wet..." she says with an infinite amount of approval.

"You should taste her then," I reply.

You look up at me from my chest and go to respond. Instead you gasp loudly as her mouth finds you, "Oh God..." is all you manage before the first orgasm hits you like a cannonball, her tongue like magic on you as your juices flow, the sensations almost overwhelming you.

Feeling my cock throbbing for your obvious pleasure, your hand instinctively reaches for me, enclosing the rock hard shaft, fingers moving along the length as your climax subsides.

"I see what you mean G, she's sweet..." Sophia says, eyeing me as she slowly takes your taste from her fingers.

I manage eye contact and go to reply but never get there. You sink down onto me, taking me deep into your warm, wet mouth, a low but loud moan escaping me. My hands automatically go to your hair, wanting to create a rhythm, but resisting.

"You want her..." Sophia says, watching as you devour me, her own hands between her thighs.

I nod, unable to speak from the absolute pleasure and attention you're giving me.

She nods approvingly, "Then take her. She's so ready."

Reluctantly almost, I pull you up off me, and you immediately kiss me hard. All I can taste is the most heady combination of myself and her on your tongue, and all three combined are the most amazing aphrodisiac. 

Pulling away, your breasts pressed against me, you say, "Fuck me G...HARD."

Needing no further invitation, I pick you up, your legs wrapped around me, blood pounding through me, and carry you to the large sofa, laying you down before me, looking in your heavy eyes, at your lips, parted and moist, taking in every curve of you.

Turning slightly I say, "Sophia...some assistance..." 

Smiling, she comes and kneels next to you on the sofa, fingers light on your naked skin, so that your back arches, breasts so prominent, nipples so hard. She leans forward, taking one in her mouth, gently biting until you gasp in the delight of the pain/pleasure threshold. Her hands move slowly over your body, down your sides, along your thighs, between them, seeking you out again.

I remain before you, watching your obvious enjoyment and you sense my gaze, your eyes half opening to watch me as her one hand strokes me slowly, each slow pull touching you at its zenith.

Playing devil's advocate, I move forward so that my tip is against you, moving slowly, rhythmically against you with her motion on me and you sigh at the sensation as she enjoys both my length and your warm moistness together.

"Nicole," I say. "I think Sophia should have something too..."

Sophia smiles like a woman who knows what she wants. "What I want is very simple. I want Nicole...and you..."

I see you smile, and you reach out between her thighs to caress her, feeling how wet she is, how much she wants you, how you turn her on.

Quickly she moves across to straddle you, her pussy wet and warm against your skin. Grabbing her, you pull her up your body until she's leaning over the back of the sofa, her arse facing me, lips glistening between her open thighs.

Slowly, you use your tongue to part those lips, as I use the tip of my now rampant cock to part yours, and as you find her swollen clit, I slide inside you, all the way to the hilt.

You come again at that, and it's all you can do to not bury yourself in her, crying out as I so completely fill you, your legs wrapping round my back to draw me tighter against you. At the same time Sophia climaxes and you taste her juices, knowing all of this is for you, for us, the thought driving you on to taste her even deeper, causing her to cry out as well, grinding herself against you.

Slowly at first I thrust inside you with long, slow strokes, ensuring that you feel every single inch of me, gasping at every one.

Sophia moves, legs quivering at the power of the orgasm you just gave her, and she kneels behind me, hands around me to take me in them as I'm inside you. And with every deep thrust her knuckle touches your raging clit. And you climax again. A deep seated shuddering climax that is so hard you almost draw blood biting your lip.

Your eyes open, looking at me watching you, and I feel those first sensations deep within me, building with each stroke. I keep it slow and deep, resisting the urge, god knows how, to hammer at you, knowing how much you relish this buildup in me, knowing how total the absolute loss of control will be with you.

"Fuck me G," you almost plead. "Fuck me hard...and deep." And I do, so very deep, my cock glistening with you. You reach up to take both my hands, our fingers entwining, our eyes locked on one another.

From the corner of my eye I see Sophia, but I almost pay her no heed, even though her own fingers are buried deep inside herself as she watches us.

Our breathing quickens now as we start to lose self control.

"Oh God...G..." between breaths, right at the precipice. And then Sophia climaxes again and her loss of self pushes us over, all three of us climaxing together, crying out your name as I fill you with my hot seed, our fingers crushed together as the waves all but obliterate us and we know nothing but that sweet, raw animal in us, our eyes never losing one another, KNOWING one another...

Finally, we collapse together, all three of us spent, exhausted, sated, completely fulfilled, a thin sheen of sweat covering us all, cooling rapidly.

Laying there, in one another's arms, no words are needed from any of us...