 I am not sure now why I did it. I had only been in California a few days and came over as an English nurse on an exchange visit. A girl friend, who is a Californian, had arranged for me to meet a boy and we were to go out for a drink and to a nightclub. Something had gone wrong with the arrangements and I found myself standing beside the road at least half an hour after I should have been picked up.

Suddenly a pickup came to a sudden halt beside me. A couple of young boys asked me if I needed a lift and I answered that my date seemed to have stood me up. I would certainly have thought twice about accepting a lift from strangers back home in England and of course I shouldn't have accepted their invitation. They said that they were having a party back at home and I was welcome to join them. On the spur of the moment and because I was, so to speak, all dressed up and nowhere to go, I said "OK then!" 

One of the boys jumped out and I was literally bundled inside to sit between them. I realised immediately that I had stupidly placed myself in a dangerous situation and have to admit that I probably subconsciously deliberately took a risk because of the sexual thrill that it gave me. 

We drove for several miles and came to a gas station. They had been chatting to me and the boys said they were 18 year old twins and I said, "same age as me." The boy who was driving pulled up outside the gas station. Without saying a word he went in and I saw him go to the men's room. I considered whether I should try and get out but I was too far from anywhere and I feel sure the other boy would have grabbed me if I had tried to get out. We drove off again and I was feeling very panicky. One of them said they were going to their sister's place and she would be there so I shouldn't worry.

We arrived at the house and once again I was sandwiched between them as we entered. No sign of another girl but a third boy was present. I guess he was in his twenties and I have to say that he was very good looking. All the boys fitted my preconception about Californian males. They were bronzed with the sun and muscular. 

They were seated and I was not immediately offered a chair. I began to feel like a fawn who has been surrounded by a pride of lions. Where would all this end, I wondered.

Fear is a powerful aphrodisiac and I could feel my panties becoming damp. My brain was telling my vagina that it should be well lubricated for what is likely to happen soon! At any moment I imagined that the two younger brothers would seize my arms and older brother would tell me that I had two options. 

Either I could undress in front of them and we could all go upstairs to bed and have some fun, or I could play it the hard way and get stripped naked and carried upstairs to be held down while all three of them took turns with me. Frankly I was terrified.

Then, much to my surprise, a slightly older young woman, who turned out to be their sister, did put in an appearance. She said that she was pleased to see me and the boys explained that I had agreed to come to the party! She looked at the boys and then to me. I had seen myself in a mirror and the colour had drained from my face. I must have looked very different from the bronzed girls they were used to. 

I hadn't been over from England for many days and my skin was still quite white and not tanned. Also, because I had arranged to go to a nightclub I was wearing a cocktail dress and nylons. All very different to the local girls, who seemed to live in jeans and Lycra shorts etc. I was certainly a picture of femininity!

Big Sis, whose name was Beverley told me that I was a very pretty girl, but then I already knew that! I had a good figure with nice breasts that, like many English girls, were a bit on the small side but nevertheless perfectly formed. I was smaller in stature than the typical American teenager but in terms of sheer sex appeal I knew that most boys approved. 

Beverley then demanded to know what party! Girls are no different than boys and sex is on there minds just as much or more so. The presence of Beverley in the house had changed my outlook dramatically and I no longer felt that I was about to be gangbanged. I had become very sexually aroused by the whole atmosphere of menace which had prevailed.

Big brother then said his name was Randy. I laughed out loud and he became annoyed and asked me what the joke was. I explained that in England that was certainly not a boy's name and the word simply referred to a person being "sexy!" I said that one might use the word by saying, for instance, that so and so is "feeling randy tonight!" They all laughed at this and Randy said that fitted him exactly!

I told them that they should call me Penny. One of them said that was an unusual name and I explained that it was short for Penelope. It was their turn to laugh because, as Randy said, it sounded so very English and "upper class!"

Beverley poured some drinks and they asked my about myself and whether I liked being in the US. The atmosphere became relaxed and we all enjoyed each other's company. Randy eventually said "well are we going to have a party or not?" 

They put some music on and Randy produced some playing cards. At the sight of the cards it seemed that Beverley was no longer required. "OK you guys, I am going to watch TV." She could see that I was not a brash experienced girl and her parting remark to me was, "if those Guys get out of hand Honey, you just holler!"

I felt all the better for that until Randy said that we should play Poker for money. "I haven't got any money," I said. Of course the real reason for producing the cards and for Beverley's sudden departure was Strip Poker, no less! "Its not fair boys" I said in what they considered to be my "classy English voice."

"Neither is three against one!" 

I wasn't going to let them think that this little English girl wasn't brave and anyway, as I said, girls are as sexy as boys and I was really "up for it" by now. So it was with a feeling of real sexual adventure on my part that Randy dealt the first hand. I felt like a condemned person asking for one last wish when I suggested that we should play a couple of dummy hands so that I might get the hang of it. This request was, of course, flatly refused!

Before the "game" started properly Randy got up and poured me another drink. After he did this he again came up behind me and held my shoulders. I have to say that I thrilled to his touch and when he kissed me on my neck I felt his hot breath in my ear and I made no attempt to stop him.

I promptly lost the first hand. What a surprise! I took a shoe off and fully expected the boys to gang up against me and tell me that wasn't enough. However, I guess they thought they would soon have this pretty little girl in her underwear and the next hand was dealt.

One of the younger brothers lost a shoe and the boys lost shoes and socks in the next few minutes. All I lost was my other shoe. The boys then lost their shirts and I still lived a charmed life! As one of the younger brothers who was the same age as me lost his shirt a large packet of condoms fell out on to the table. So this was why he visited the Gas station. I blushed crimson at this and Randy just said that they were Boy Scouts once and "Be Prepared" was their motto!

One of the younger brothers objected to losing his shirt and glared at Randy. "You have to play the game," I said and got up to pull his shirt off his back. Everybody laughed at this but he no doubt wanted to know why their victim wasn't being stripped. 

Randy once more poured some drinks. They weren't strong and I felt that it wasn't his intention to make me drunk. He came up behind me again and this time put his hands around me and on to my breasts. He squeezed them gently and in reply I offered my face up towards him. Our wet lips met and we kissed gently and in a really sexual way. 

This was my surrender and Randy knew it. He squeezed my breasts once more and I whispered in his ear. He undid the ribbon of my ponytail and I shook my long blonde hair over my shoulders. I had surrendered to an inevitable fate and this was my surrender flag! I felt so aroused.

The boys continued to have bad luck and the two younger ones lost their jeans before Randy himself lost his shirt. Their skin glistened and their muscles were a big "turn on" for me. Of course Randy had controlled the game from the start and eventually I lost the vital hand which was to mean taking my dress off in front of them. 

Randy just sat there and the other two held my arms as if I was about to try and run away. I felt fingers fumbling with the dress fasteners behind me. I was looking straight at the seated Randy and he was looking straight into my eyes. My sexual arousal was so great that I felt weak at the knees. The feeling of fear and panic returned but after the enthusiastic way that I had taken part in what was, after all, just a sex game, I had no right to complain.

My glamorous cocktail dress was eventually pulled off my shoulders and slid silently down to my ankles. Randy was in line with my waist and could see that the sexy slip I was wearing was only just concealing my stocking tops. One of the younger boys gasped and made no attempt to hide the fact that he was holding himself. 

Randy rose from his chair and came up behind me once more. He put his hands around my waist and squeezed my body to him. Playtime's over children, he said. Time for bed! I couldn't have agreed with him more!

His hands reached down and grasped the hem of my lacy slip. In one movement he lifted it over my head. He undid the fastener of my bra and took it off whilst at the same time managing to briefly caress my breasts. I was now in full view of the three boys in just my panties, which had an enormous wet stain on the front of them and nylons and, of course, my garter belt.

Just before leaving England I had taken a weekend trip to Paris and the underwear that I had on was a particularly sexy underset from there. They weren't panties really, but a pair of ravishing French knickers. This meant that they came right up to the waist and had little short wide leg openings trimmed with lace. All the underwear was a matching feminine pink. Not a bit like the mini briefs and thongs that I noticed most of the local girls favoured.

We turned to go upstairs to bed and just as the other boys had gone before us Randy cuddled me once more from behind and slipped his hand into my French Knickers to feel my pussy. Somehow I was surprised and a little shocked that he should do that just then and he realised that I was a little surprised. "I'm sorry honey," he said, "I shouldn't have done that but there was something that I just had to know."

"Did you find out what you wanted to know," I asked him a little indignantly? "Yes, I did," he said, "and I know now that you are one gorgeous girl." I grabbed the bulge in his pants. "How would you like me to do that to you I asked?" Silly question really!

Randy bundled me upstairs and into a bedroom with a king size bed. I was ordered on to the bed immediately and I lay on my back. One of the boys parted my legs and I felt completely vulnerable and totally aroused. One of the younger boys knelt on the bed between my legs and grasped the elastic of my panties. I obediently lifted my bottom to allow them to be slipped off me. 

The reason for Randy's hand in my knickers became obvious. He had wanted to know if my pussy was shaved. I dislike pubic hair and had shaved it off only that evening and that is why he was so thrilled with me. 

Younger brother had removed his boxer shorts and he flinched when I held his rock hard erection to put a condom on. He was so excited and was having trouble locating my slippery vagina. I held him again and guided it in. As he began to push in and out of me I sensed that he was not going to last long. Sure enough, before I could start to really enjoy the sensation that I had waited all evening for he groaned and I could feel him pumping into me before he collapsed on top of me.

I wasn't surprised because I had glimpsed him playing with himself most of the time that we had been playing cards. "Sorry," he said as we briefly hugged each other. 

I may not have been a sexually very experienced girl but neither was I a virgin. However, so far in my short life the sexual act had been a real disappointment. The first two boys that I had opened my legs for were also so excited with what was happening that they both reached their climax before I had began to enjoy it properly. My fingers had so far proved to be the best lovers and never failed to produce an orgasm when I masturbated, which, like all teenagers, I did frequently. 

Boy number two was already beside the bed with his shorts off and caressing his penis! This was the first time in my life that I was having sex whilst people looked on. I might have thought that this was an embarrassment but instead I was really enjoying being looked at. Must be the exhibitionist in me!

I was completely shameless by now and enjoying the power that I imagined I was wielding over these boys. I smiled at boy number two and beckoned to him with my finger. He knelt between my legs and laid on me as he kissed me. He tried to put his manhood straight into me but I was having none of it. "Hey," I said, "what about a condom big boy!" Once again I held his erection steady to slip a condom over the end and he immediately slid into me. 

We started to fuck at a furious rate and just as I was beginning to think that my ambition of having an orgasm with a boy inside me was about to be realised there was someone calling from below. It was Beverley and she was half way up the stairs. "Sorry to spoil your fun," she said, "but that friggin bed is going to damage the wall unless you do something to stop it banging against the wall when you are having your fun!"

My partner withdrew immediately just as Beverley came right into the bedroom. "Its OK," she said, "I have seen it all before!" They pulled the bed away from the wall and Beverley looked down on me. It was strange that I simply revelled in being naked in the presence of the boys but felt quite embarrassed when Beverley looked down on me. "God, you are lovely," she said and with that bent down and kissed me full on the lips before disappearing downstairs again. "Oh her, she is just as keen on the girls as the boys," said her brother. 

My partner had lost his hardness and I masturbated him until he was up to speed! We both gasped as he put it in and he was soon off at a furious pace. I could feel my orgasm building and had nearly "gone over the top" when I felt him coming inside me. "Don't stop now, please don't stop now," I panted but it was too late and he collapsed on top of me. "Did you like that," he asked me? "It was lovely darling," I said. I just hadn't got the heart to tell him that he had left me behind.

There was no sign of Randy and I was desperate for him to come to bed with me. I got off the bed and straightened my honey coloured nylons and shook my hair out. Then he appeared and immediately crushed me to him. He still had his jeans on and he stood in front of me as I sat on the bed. I undid his buckle and his zip and pulled his jeans down. 

His penis was making a tent of his boxer shorts and I lost no time in pulling them down. His manhood shot out as if released from a gun and it was right in line with my face. Impetuously I kissed the end of it. Then, feeling very brave I managed to get my lips around it and wet kissed it. I had never had oral sex before and had always thought that it was something that I could never bring myself to do. 

Randy was still standing in front of me and my hand was holding his shaft firmly. Slowly I took his knob into my mouth and began ever so gently to suck it, whilst at the same time pulling it in and out of my mouth. This made me wild with desire and I was soon literally fucking him with my mouth.

He couldn't stand too much of that and picked me up to lay me gently on my back on the bed. I spread my legs and allowed him to kneel between them. He looked down at me and I must have been a picture of desire for him. My head was framed by my blonde hair which lay on the pillow all around. My legs were apart and my honey coloured nylons were all that I had on.

Randy then leant forward and we kissed and kissed each other. His mouth was on one of my breasts and he suddenly bit the nipple hard with his teeth. I yelped but he paid no attention and his mouth was now on my other breast. I braced myself because he had me in an iron grip and I couldn't avoid letting him do just as he wished. I yelped in pain again as his teeth closed on the other nipple. "You bastard," I said and promptly hungrily returned his passionate kiss, which he had planted, on my mouth by way of saying he was sorry. Sorry indeed! he knew just what he was doing because my tingling nipples were sending a sharp sensation of pleasure right down to my vagina.

Randy was everything I knew that he would be when I first ran an approving look over him. His lovemaking was very controlled and he was doing sensational things to my vulnerable body.

He then kissed me all the way down to my vagina. Kneeling on the floor he pulled me to him and the next thing I knew was that he was kissing my clitoris and darting his tongue in and out of my vagina. This was too much and after a few seconds of being treated in this way I held his head firmly whilst I shuddered in the throws of a wonderful orgasm. 

He rose to his feet and picked me up in his arms to lay me higher on the bed. I eagerly parted my legs for him to kneel between them and got a condom from the bedside. What a stud! As I rolled it on to him I could see that he was hard as iron. The prospect of fucking me was enough in itself to bring him to full erection without me playing with him again.

He was kneeling in an upright position and held my waist with his hands. Suddenly he pulled me on to him and I gasped as he fitted me over his manhood rather than sliding into me.

Almost immediately he hit a devastating pulsing rhythm in and out of me. I felt my climax building as he relentlessly fucked me with that oh so reliable pulsing rhythm. I was soon "over the top again" and my whole body was shuddering. He must have felt my vagina twitching and contracting as it does in orgasm because as soon as I lay still he pulled out. 

His knee was in my crotch as we kissed each other and he then instructed me to kneel whilst he took me from behind. This was a new sensation for me and I must say that it is now a favourite position.

He was giving me a lesson in lovemaking and I adored him for it. Something else that I never knew I had was the ability to have multiple orgasms. What a lucky girl to be able to come not once, but two or three, or even four times, one after the other.

His regular pulsing rhythm was inducing another lovely climax and I was soon shivering and shuddering in the throws of yet another orgasm. When it was over I sighed and collapsed on the bed. 

Randy was not finished with me yet, however. He made me kneel again and began to put his fingers in my vagina and then inserted a finger into my bottom. This was another unexpected thrill but then he wanted to push his manhood into it. We tried two or three times and Randy was being ever so gentle but I began to panic that he would just thrust it good and hard and that might really hurt.

I said to him, "When I first arrived you said that nothing would happen to me that I didn't want to do. Well, darling please don't do that any more in case you hurt me." He promised that far from hurting it would be something that in future I would always want to happen to me. But Randy was as good as his word and stopped trying. 

He then lay on the bed and facing him lowered myself on to his lovely big cock. It was my turn to be in control and I proceeded to fuck him fast and furious as my thighs bounced up and down. My firm breasts were dangerously near his mouth and he was able to wet kiss them as we fucked. Suddenly his time had come and he threw me off him and on my back on the bed. He knelt and masturbated himself just two or three times before suddenly shooting all over my breasts. 
