 With our cocks losing their blood supplies, we wilted like last week's tulips. Tygre was ready, willing and waiting, and the two of us had nothing to offer her. We had to think, and fast. I jumped up off the chair, dragged Tygre over to the couch and made her kneel on the thing, hands on the back support, both feet dangling over the front edge. I waved Jesh over furiously. He quickly stepped over. 

I reached under the couch and withdrew a long instrument made of pink latex with some sort of machinery or ball bearings deep inside the murky plastic. There were two wires that emerged from the bottom leading to a small breakout box with some controls on it. The main shaft was about 14 inches long. About eight inches down from the tip (shaped like a cock helmet, but about 1 1/2 times bigger than your average porno dick) another branch of latex sprouted from the base mast and curved upwards as well. 

There was a soft white raised ring around the place where it joined the master stick. With a twist the anal branch could be disconnected from the massive vibrator for single-probe action. Connected, it provided some wonderful feelings to both holes at once. Tygre had never seen this particular toy before, and her anger was somewhat (though not entirely) replaced by curiousity and a little trepidation.

"Phae, how big around is that thing?"

"Well, let me see." I fisted it. My fingers barely met, which I estimated to put it at around 2 inches across. Nothing too alarming, but plenty to get her off.

"Two inches, I think, in diameter. Probably about 6 in circumference. Can you handle that?"

"Fuck, I can take Maurice. I can take anything after his dick. I don't think I've ever been the same since that first Halloween party." Tygre had been pseudo-violently "raped" at that particular party, in a gang bang I'd organized. She'd always had the fantasy of being forced to do a bunch of strangers' biddings. With our costumes and such, our group provided her with the closest thing to her fantasy that we could. 

She had not known Maurice before that night. When I brought him into the room from behind the curtain, she had screamed and actually tried to get away. Lisa and Jesh had held her down on the bed and forced her legs apart. She hadn't used the code word, though, so he fucked her even as she screamed no and tried to beat him off with her fists. Her cunt must have ached for days afterwards, but she came at least 2 times. Ah, the good old days.

"Should be fun. Let's hurry it up, Phae -- I'm totally horny." She wiggled her ass and looked back at me expectantly. 

I spread some lube on the funstick and patted her left asscheek with it. "Reach back and spread these balloons, 'cause this big bastard's coming on in."

She reached back with both hands and spread them. Her lips protruded from her pussy, wet and reddened by our prior fun. I took the stick in both hands and ran the master tip up and down against her cuntlips to get things ready. She moaned and shifted on the couch. Her fingernails dug into her asscheeks. She pushed back against the stick. 

At that point I heard rustling behind me and Jason walked over. His dick was once again hard from some serious head by Rebecca and Rachel, who were over on the bed wiping their chins and rubbing each other. He pushed Jesh and me aside. "Take your silly little toys elsewhere fellas, this lady needs some cockflesh." With that said, his fisted his dick and aimed it right at her, stepped forward and slid into her pussy to the short hairs. Tygre moaned, closed her eyes, pushed back and said, "You better not pull any shit here Jase, I'm in no mood for more teasing."

"Naw, I'll deliver. I've come twice already with those hot broads on the bed, it's gonna' take me forever to come." They started balling. Tygre's asscheeks bounced, rolled and quivered with his thrusts. He reached down and held her tits in both hands. With him so thin and bony, this put him bent over her back like some sort of skin umbrella as conceived by H.R. Giger. His hips flexed and pushed, pulled out and shoved back in. His haunches reminded me why this position was called "doggy". 

She was his bitch, and he was out to get her howling. Small grunts were already issuing from her mouth as his cock assaulted her. His hands roamed over her back, pulled her hair, pulled on her hips, rubbed her thighs, played with her asshole, slapped her ass. Hard.

Meanwhile, I stood there like some derelict piece of farm equipment left in a overgrown field. My function had been made obsolete! Chagrined, I looked around to see if anyone else could use the punishment I had planned for Tygre instead. Watching Tygre get fucked was breathing a little life back into my dick.

At that moment, the curtain parted and Jeff walked in. "I think that's it, folks, Things upstairs are totally dying down. Juan's on his way. I posted the DND but Juan knows to come in anyway. Should keep everyone else out. Phae, what about your roommates?" Rarely, the guys I live with would join in. Whoever lived in the same house I did were automatically "members" but that didn't always mean they appreciated or enjoyed the membership itself.

"No, I don't think so. Graham was way too drunk, Tim's fucking some stick-thin blond hottie named Jen in his room, and Thom, well, I don't know what the fuck he's doing but I imagine it involved a great deal of hash, a large pipe and some stoner slut of his own. He'll be useless. I think it's just us."

Jeff nodded. "Mind if I clock off, in that case?"

"No prob." I walked over to my desk and got out 5 twenties. I handed them to him. "Here's your tip. Thanks for the lookout, as usual."

"Not at all, my man." Since Jeff's entrance, Rebecca and Rachel had become excited little girls over on the bed, giggling, kissing each other and playing with each others' breasts. Their eyes never left Jeff. His stamina was legendary. He was a large guy, maybe 170 pounds, but his bouncer lifestyle meant his whole body was carved from a chuck of stone. He was 34, so there was a little looseness in the butt and under his chin, but his abs, arms, legs and pretty much everywhere else was full of rolling muscle tissue. He'd do guys if they asked for it, but it was clear his preference was women. 

He liked nothing better than taking two women at once, switching back and forth and maintaining a piston-like, smooth delivery of his cock (a nice 7 1/2 incher, but rather wide and with a distinctive bend near the top) into the girls. He'd call them "kittens" when fucking them. Don't ask me, I was afraid to inquire too deeply, you know? Everyone's got their own thing, I guess. The important thing was, he could go for hours, quite literally. I'd been there, I'd seen it happen.

"Aw, kittens, all dressed down and no one to fuck? What are you doing in a room full of horny sluts, all alone on the bed? These men not enough for you? Worn 'em out already? Jeff's here, all will be well." He walked over to the bed, stripping himself naked while he moved. As he reached the edge, he kicked off his shoes and leapt onto the mattress, making Lisa, Rebecca and Rachel bounce up and down. All three bitches squealed with laughter and undisguised glee. What a beautiful sound that was.

I heard someone coming down the stairs, and I quickly walked over to the curtain and went through it, naked with funstick in hand. Whomever it was would certainly know they were in the wrong place at the wrong time. But to my relief, and not entirely unexpectedly, it was Juan.

"Hey hottie, gear's all shut down. You want me to bring the decks down here for some spinning?"

"No, I don't think so. Just load up the carousel or player on the laptop with some cuts. I have something better in mind for you." The stick in my hand needed a home, and I think I just had found one. Juan eyed the stick warily, wondering what was going on down here. He'd find out soon enough. I treated sex toys like desert Fremen treated crysknives -- you didn't put one back without sticking it deep inside someone first.

We both walked back into the room. "Did you lock the door?"

"Yeah."

"Good. Get naked immediately."

He stripped down. Jeff was getting his dick, balls, nipples and torso sucked and licked by Rachel and Lisa, and Rebecca was climbing up to ride her husband's face for a while. Jesh was still in recovery. He'd opened up the minifridge and was drinking a bottled water, while perusing my laptop. (Most of the guys I knew were geeks -- some even hardcore gamers). Jason was pounding Tygre, who had evidently decided to enjoy his dick for a while and not rush to get off. 

Finally, Maurice, our African lion, surprised me by being half-naked when Juan and I came back in. Once Juan was naked he walked over to Maurice and helped him take the rest of his clothes off as well. I had discovered what Maurice had been waiting for. They embraced and kissed passionately. I hadn't known of any romantic leanings between them before, but it was obvious they'd stalked each other all night, building up to this moment and the ones to follow. It was a pleasant surprise, for sure.

"Ah, _that's_ what's going on. Maurice, you still planning on sharing?" I asked the new couple.

They both rushed to nod their heads. "Oh yeah, he's still available, and so am I. I mean, I hosed _you_ down, didn't I?" Maurice laughed. I laughed with him. Juan looked at me with a funny look in his eyes -- I don't think it was jealousy, more like envy. But I'd have to keep a watch on this one. Straight couples emanating from the group had their problems, but jealous male couples tended to prove the most volatile. They could go from sharing their asshole among five cocks to screaming angry face-slapping little bitches in an instant. However, the risk was worth it -- both these sex-crazed sluts were smart, gorgeous, with nice big cocks and talent in the sack. I didn't want to lose them -- too hard to replace, and I loved both of them a lot. I'd really miss them, both in my ass, hands and mouth and also in my life. Members of the group were a family and each time someone left I felt grief.

They went back to their kissing. Damn. Still needed a home for this beast of a toy. I had an idea. Just because Jason was taking care of Tygre didn't mean she couldn't provide some sort of shelter for the sad, lonely latex. It just meant her poor little back door would have to accommodate a much larger version than normal usage of the toy provided. I twisted the secondary branch so it came off the main stick. I covered the big shaft with lube and also spit on it for good measure. Walking over to Jason still slapping her cheeks and pushing his cock into her cunt, I tapped on Tygre's shoulder.

"Yeah, what the fuck do you want? Can't you see I'm busyhhhhheeey what are you doinfuuuuuck yyyyeeesssssrrrrrrrrrrr...." Her speech became a long drawn-out growl of angry lust as I started to push the big fucking vibrator up her ass. Still dilated from Jesh's dick, she put up only token resistance to the larger version of fake dick I was using. It only took about 8 back-and-forths until the thing was as deep as I thought necessary. It was time to turn it on.

There were two controls to the stick. One controlled speed of lateral motion (the ball bearings were forced into counterclockwise rotation, making the latex skin feel as if something was rubbing marbles against the entire length of it from the inside). The other controlled heat. The vibrator could be warmed up until uncomfortably hot. I'd never used the maximum heat setting because it was simply too hot to make any sense. But a 7 out of 10 was perfect to get Jason's cock feeling like it was burning up and Tygre's ass nice and relaxed. 

Turning the control, I took my hand off the vibrator. It looked like some perverted thermometer stuck inside Tygre. It waved around while Jason kept fucking her. It made me think of some adult version of King Arthur -- the Dong in the Ass. "Whoever shall pull this Dong from this Lady shall win her heart forever..."

"Jason, make sure that thing moves along with you."

"Ok, my man, you got it." He began to follow my instructions, setting up a double penetration with alternating strokes, his cock in her cunt and the vibrator in her ass. 

She was constantly moaning now, and getting really fucking hot. I could see the dildo was having an effect on her internal system. Sweat was on her back, her nipples hung down heavy from her pendulous breasts and were hard as pebbles. Her hair was matted from her exertion. 

Her right hand held the back of the couch for leverage, and her left was slowly moving over her clit every once in a while to keep herself on the edge. She hadn't gone over yet. I guess she was trying to build herself up to a screaming howling explosion or something.

I began to pull my own wang while I watched, until someone knocked my hand away. I looked down from watching the torrid rape of Persephone in front of me to see Jesh on his knees, one hand keeping mine from interfering, the other moving to embrace my asscheek to bring my pelvis closer to his face. 

His mouth opened, but before he sucked me in he look up into my eyes and said, "Watch Tygre. Do you want to fuck her? Do you?" 

Then he took me in. Mmmmm, felt so fucking good. I was a little sore from Tygre, but his mouth was talented and the soreness just made me last longer and take more time to achieve full erection. I hated to disappoint Jesh, but my second volcano was reserved for someone else.

Jason was still working Tygre over. She was getting close, and had made the decision to go for it. I tried to tell if Jason would be with her, but he was right -- he didn't seem anywhere near the level she was at. Her hand was actively seeking her clit out, rubbing, rubbing.

Jason was plunging the fake cock in her ass, as she pushed back on both his cock and the toy to get them as deep as possible. He'd pull his cock out until the head actually came out of her, while the vibrator was buried. Then, pulling it out, he slid his own greasy, slick penis (covered with her juice, my come, his own precome, lube from her ass, spit and cunt fluids from his wives and God knows what else) back into her inviting, grasping mouth of a sex. It swallowed him whole -- the pussy farts sounded like burps after each "meal". 

His cock was purple at the head, deep angry red on the shaft. He was close. His balls slapped her clit, his free hand gripped her hair and pulled her head back until her neck strained and you could see the tendons in it. Her teeth were gritted, she growled through them, and pushed with her free hand on the back of the couch. "Fuck, pull my hair, pull my hair, slap my ass, make me come," she demanded.

"Aw, fuck yeah you bitch, my cock, too tight on my cock, Jesus..." cried out Jason. The heat from the toy was making him sweat too. It was getting him close really fast.

"Oh yeah?" hissed Tygre. "Too tight? My little pussy too tight for your big dick, baby? Fuck that cock feels good, you feel so fucking big when you slide in after that fake dick. God, it's SOOOO HOT, that vibrator's making my whole body sweat, my asshole feels like it's on fire, sooooo goooood, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me..." She trailed off into a moan.

"Yeah, yeah, oh yeah, my dick's on fire, shit, the fucker's on fire, fuck, your cunt....cunt....oh fuck fuck fuck oh fuck oh fuck OH FUCK I'm gonna come, gonna come, gonna...shit, rrrrrrrr, rrrrrrrr FUCK! COMING COMING, FUCK, SUCK THAT SHIT OUT OF MY BALLS!!!!! TAKE IT BITCH!" Jason was yelling as his testes emptied their sweet thick payload deep into Tygre. She couldn't take that shit. 

When he started coming, he shoved both cocks into her, maximum depth. She rotated her hips to feel them both rubbing against each other. She arched her back like some wild feline, and started screaming in little gasps, each one a little longer than the last. With little sexy uncontrolled jerks she shoved her whole lower body back in Jason's direction. It almost looked like she was getting shocked, the spasms were so quick and strong. She was there.

"Ahhhh. AAHhhhh. AAAAHHHHhhhh. AAAAAAHHHHH. _AAAAAHHHHHHHHH!_ AAAHHH FUCK, AAAHHH FUCK! DON'T STOP YOU MOTHERFUCKER COCK-SUCKING PIECE OF SHIT, DON'T FUCKING STOP!!!! COMING! YES! OH GOD YES!!!!" she screamed out. Her face flushed, we watched as the blood moved down her back and hit her asscheeks. Her whole body was turning red by the blood flow. The flush was like watching a night-blooming jasmine open up to the sinful light of the full moon. 

She was crying a little from the force, but no tears came out, just these little sobs as her body underwent the transformation from highest tension to utter release. Her brain, under so many neural pulses, pulled her face into a grimace of what looked like pain, but was instead unbearable pleasure. It appeared she had succeeded in her goal. 

I was transported by the scene. Jesh's mouth was still working on me, and his work on the head and shaft, plus a few licks on the balls and even a couple of darts into my asshole, had gotten me back to full hardness. I needed to fuck someone, right now. And that woman was Lisa.

On the bed, no one had come yet, much to my surprise. They were all busy sucking each other off. A series of 69s had developed. Lisa and Rachel were eating each other, Rebecca was lying on top of Jeff swallowing him as he had 2 fingers in her ass and her clit in his lips, and Maurice and Juan were making a Yin-Yang sculpture on the edge of the bed, having trapped each others' cocks in their mouths and fingers up each others' asses. 

There were so many butts, mouths and pussies ready for my cock I was having a lot of trouble deciding. But Lisa was still the sheath of choice. Her ass was just irresistible. It was perched up right above Rachel's face. Rachel's huge tits were mashed out to the sides by Lisa's abdomen. 

I walked over to the edge where they were loving each other with tongues and fingers. Rachel looked up at me from upside down while she licked Lisa's cuntlips. Her eyes smiled at me and with one hand she crooked a finger at me and patted Lisa's asscheek with her other hand.

I looked down with love and said, "Here's a treat, Lisa. Rachel, can you prepare me please?"

Rachel stopped licking and said, "My God, you're really hard. What was going on over there? Is Tygre still alive?"

"Yeah, but she'll need a rest for a while." I answered. With that I took my cock in my hand and aimed it right for Rachel's mouth. "Love me, Rachel."

"Oh yes, feed me," she moaned. "I'm so hungry Phae, I can't get enough in my mouth. Feed me with your beautiful cock."

She sucked me in. Her position allowed her to take almost 3/4 of the dick into her throat before gagging. I pushed a little harder to try to get the rest in and I made her gag a little harder on the next few strokes. Her face bloated and flushed with the involuntary reaction, I eased up a bit, let her recover, and then pushed in again. The sound of her gagging was getting my balls churning. 

Her hands gripped Lisa's asscheeks hard as she struggled to control her diaphragm and throat. Her chest heaved and her nose snorted when I withdrew to get another breath before the next onslaught. Finally, I'd had enough. I pulled out completely.

"God, thank you baby, that almost made me come."

"Phae,  you know you can have my throat anytime. Fuck, you went in deep. Maybe Lisa can handle that, but I almost lost it." Rachel said before going back to work on Lisa's lips and clit. 

My cock was slick with Rachel's saliva, long drips hanging off the tip and shaft. It looked pretty fucked up, actually. Before my titillation wore off and disgust started in, I aimed for Lisa's cunt and slowly slipped in. I saw the small of her back tense with the new pressure inside her cunt. 
