 It was Saturday night and Jenna was getting ready for a party at a friends house.

After getting out of the shower she put on her pink plaid skirt, tight white v-neck shirt with her black boots.

Putting on her make up as she called her friends to come pick her up so she could help set up.

Once they got to the house, they got everything set up.

Everyone started finally showing up around 7:30, around 8:00 the house was packed.

Jenna was hanging out with a couple friends, drinking and laughing and having a good time when she felt someone grab her shoulder, turning around to see who it was.

"Oh my god, Dan!" she said, hugging him, "How have you been?" glancing from Dan to his friend, who had his jaw dropped.

"Pretty good and yourself?" he replied.

"I've been really good," she says.

"Oh," Dan says, "This is my friend Scott." 

Smiling as she takes Scott's hand, shaking it, "Nice to meet you," she replied.

"Wow," Scott said, "You're beautiful."

"Aww thanks. You're not too bad on the eyes either." She said grinning.

Talking to Dan again, grinning, "Remember the last time we were at a party together?" Jenna said.

"How could I forget," Dan said smiling.

"Wait," Scott said, "What happened at the last party?"

Before she could answer him she herd someone shout her name. 

"Excuse me boys," Jenna said, "It was nice seeing you again and it was nice meeting you Scott," she said smiling.

As she started walking towards her friends she could hear Dan and Scott talking about her. When she reached her friends they were talking about Dan and Scott.

"So Miss Thang," they said, "Who were those two smokin' hot guys that you were talking to over there?"

Laughing, she replied, "That's Dan and his hot friend Scott."

"Ohhh," they said, "So that's Dan."

"Haha, yeah, that's Dan," Jenna said grinning.

A couple of hours went by and Jenna was ready to head home, but her friends were too drunk to take her home so she went looking for Dan, hoping he didn't have a lot to drink.

Finding him she asks, "Did you drink a lot tonight, because I was wondering if you could take me home?"

"No I didn't. Yeah I can give you a ride," he said

"Okay, thanks," she said smiling.

"If you want though you can come back to my place with me and Scott for a little bit, we were just going to watch movies, drink and hang out for a bit," he said.

"Okay, yeah. That sounds good," Jenna said.

Jenna went around and told all her friends bye and that she would see them later. Grabbing her purse they headed towards Dan's car.

Scott sat in the backseat, letting Jenna sit up front, and then they headed to Dan's.

Once they got to Dan's they all got out of the car and headed inside.

As soon as they got inside Jenna and Scott sat on the couch while Dan went into the kitchen to get drinks.

They all finally agreed on a movie, Dan getting up to put it on, not paying attention as he grabbed the movie. Sitting back down to watch the movie, as the opening scene started with two women, half naked, making out and feeling each other up.

Dan knowing the lesbian porn turns Jenna on didn't even bother to get up and turn it off. 

"How about we turn it off and find something else to watch," Jenna said quickly.

"Haha, I don't know," Dan said, "I kinda wanna watch. It's pretty hot."

"Yeah, well that's not the only thing that's gonna be hot in a minute," she said.

"Yeah, I know," he said grinning.

"What do you mean by that?" Scott asked. Jenna started blushing, her cheeks turning beat red.

"Should you tell him, or do you want me to?" Dan asked.

"You," she said quickly.

"Haha okay," he replied, "She get's really turned on by lesbian porn."

"Oh really," Scott said looking at Jenna, "That's pretty hot, lets keep it on then," he said laughing.

"It's not funny," Jenna says as she punches Scott's arm. 

Laughing, Dan get's up and goes into the kitchen to get more drinks and to find something for them to eat.

Jenna started feeling her panties getting wet from just listening to the women moan, she wiggled around, so she wouldn't have to feel her wet panties, but she couldn't do it. Not being able to take it anymore she decided to get up and leave the room.

Before she could completely get up off the couch Scott grabbed her hand.

"Don't go," he said.

"Why?" she replied.

Dan still in the kitchen smirks as he watches them.

Without saying a word Scott pulls Jenna onto his lap. Grabbing her chin, pulling her face towards his, he starts kissing her softly, a small moan escapes from her mouth.

Pulling away slowly, grinning, Scott says, "See I knew you didn't wanna go."

Smiling back at Scott, they start kissing again, turning her body to straddle him.

Once she had him straddled she felt his hand sliding under her skirt, up her thigh, towards her soaking wet pussy. Pushing her panties aside, sliding the tip of his finger up and down her pussy lips, making her gasp as he slowly slides his two fingers into her pussy and began rubbing her clit.

Jenna gasped, pulling away from Scott, grabbing his shoulders.

Scott slowly started sliding two fingers deep into Jenna's pussy.

Digging her nails into Scott's shoulders, she began moaning louder, as he slid his fingers in and out of her pussy, moving his fingers faster and faster.

"Oh god!" she moaned, "Don't stop!"

Scott slowly pulled his fingers out of her pussy, grinning.

"No, no, no," she says, "Please don't stop."

Just then she felt Dan picking her up and he put her over his shoulders, walking to the bedroom, as Scott followed.

Dropping her on the bed, he says, "My turn."

Pulling Jenna to the edge of the bed, he slides his hands up her skirt, up her thighs, grabbing her panties and pulls them down her legs, dropping them on the floor, sliding his hands up her thighs, pushing her skirt up to expose her hot pussy.

Dan slowly spread her pussy lips, flicking her clit with the tip of his tongue, making her moan loudly. Sliding two fingers into her tight pussy he begins fingering her hard and fast as he sucks on her clit, making her moan even louder as she grabbed the back of Dan's head.

Jenna turned her head to look at Scott; she noticed the bulge in his pants. Looking from his cock to his face, back down to his cock, she began licking her lips and smiling seductively. 

Scott started unzipping his pants, dropping them to the floor. Stepping out of them, he walks over to the side of the bed. Grabbing his cock, he puts it in Jenna's open, waiting mouth. Closing her lips around his cock, she begins sucking hard. 

Dan fingering her harder and faster, making her moan even louder, with Scott's cock still in her mouth grabbing his cock with her hand, she starts jerking him off, as she sucks on his head as she looks up at him. 

Jenna continues to jerk Scott off, turning her attention back at Dan, moaning loudly, "Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum." 

Dan looking up at Jenna as he continues fingering her pussy, sliding in a third finger, flicking her clit with his tongue, making Jenna moaning louder, as she moves her hips closer to his face. 

"Oh god," she moans loudly, letting go of Scott's cock, as she starts cumming, grabbing the sheets with her fists, cumming all over Dan's fingers. 

Pulling his fingers out of her pussy, bringing his fingers to her mouth, Jenna grabs his hand, slowly sucking each finger clean, one at a time, as she looks him in the eyes seductively.

He pulled his hand away after Jenna sucked each finger clean, pulling her towards him, he began kissing her.

Pulling away from Jenna, "Roll over and get on all fours," he demands.

Jenna got on all fours, looking back at Dan, wiggling her ass at him. Dan starts undoing his pants, dropping them to the floor. 

He then grabs his hard cock, sliding it up and down Jenna's wet pussy, making her moan.

"Mmm, fuck me," she whimpered, "I want your cock."

Taking his cock, sliding it deep in her pussy, he began thrusting in and out, harder and faster. Jenna started slamming back against him. Just then Scott gets on the bed, kneeling in front of Jenna, opening her mouth; he slides his hard cock in. 

Dan grabs her hips, slamming her hard on his cock, making her whimper and moan with Scott's cock in her mouth. Slamming harder and harder making the headboard slam into the wall. 

Dan grabbed a handful of Jenna's hair, pulling on it as he slammed harder, making her whimper even louder. 

Jenna could feel Scotts cock getting harder and harder in her mouth every time she whimpered. Looking up at Scott as she sucked on his cock harder, sliding her tongue ring up and down his cock, she could tell by the look on his face that he was about to explode in her mouth.

Digging his fingers into Jenna's hips, Dan started thrusting even harder. Jenna could tell that he was about to cum.

Groaning, "I'm gonna cum in your pussy," Dan said.

"Mmm, yes sir," Jenna moaned. Dan grabbed a handful of Jenna's hair as he pumped his cock deep in her tight pussy, groaning as he came deep inside her. 

Moaning, Jenna began sucking even harder on Scotts cock. 

Dan got up and left the room to clean up while she finished Scott off. 

Moaning while she moved her head up and down his shaft, pulling her head back, sliding his cock out of her mouth, she slowly licked the tip of his cock with her tongue, putting it back in her mouth sucking harder.

Scott grabbed a fistful of hair, groaning loudly, "Holy fuck," he groaned, "You want me to cum in your mouth you dirty little slut?" he said.

"Mmm hmm," she moaned with his cock in her mouth. Grabbing her hair tighter, pushing his cock further into her mouth as he began cumming down her throat, Jenna swallowing every last drop. He then took his cock out of her mouth, and she licked his head clean, as she looked up at him, grinning. 

Scott got off the bed and put his pants back on. Jenna went to the bathroom to clean up, realizing that her panties were too wet to put back on. Walking out of the bathroom she found Dan and handed him her panties.

"Here are the panties you've always asked me for," she said grinning. "Thanks," he said, smirking. "Well I think it's about time for me to head home. You boys wanna give me a lift?" Jenna asked.

"Yeah, sure," Dan said.

"I'll go along for the ride," Scott said. They all headed out to the car, Scott getting in the back seat again and drove to Jenna's house. Jenna got out of the car and Scott got out, moving to the front seat.

"It was nice meeting you Scott," Jenna said smiling.

Walking over to the driver window, Jenna leaned in the car, "I'll see ya around Dan," she said grinning, then kissed him goodbye and went inside.