 This is part of a series, but it mostly stands on its own. It will make a bit more sense if you start from the beginning.

Thanks to LarryInSeattle and Cheer_Smartie526 for all the help editing this story. As always comments and rating are highly encouraged.




Brad stood and watched the people on the other side of the counter preparing his lunch. He dared not look over his shoulder. Sherry and Charlotte had already picked up their food and were sitting in a quiet corner. Brad knew the sight of his wife and mistress together would probably give him an erection, so he focused on the grill instead. It was Charlotte's idea for them to all have lunch together. He wondered if this was just a friendly meeting or if his wife and mistress had something else in mind.

Charlotte took a long drink of her beverage and then set it down. "He should be here in minute or so."

"Are you still okay with this?" Sherry asked. Seeing the straw between Charlotte's lips caused Sherry to imagine watching Charlotte sucking on Brad's cock. It was not the first time Sherry had thought about watching the two of them. Charlotte confided to her that every time Brad returned from one of his booty calls he had been extremely horny. More than once Sherry had fantasized about what Brad did when he went home to his wife. If Brad is agreeable, it will be a chance to fulfill a fantasy.

"Yea, yea, I am," Charlotte answered. "Do you think Brad will be okay with it?"

"After what he got for his birthday and what he is going to get out of this, he better be. If he objects I will kick his ass," Sherry replied.

"It's a nice ass to kick," Charlotte said, staring at her husband's backside.

"It is indeed," Sherry confirmed dreamily.

Once his order was complete, he picked up the tray and made his way through the nearly empty restaurant. They were having a late lunch, so the lack of patrons was understandable. He slipped into the booth next to his wife. His eyes were drawn to Sherry's impressive cleavage. Oddly, he felt comfortable sitting next to his wife and staring at Sherry's tits.

"I suppose you wonder why I have called you all here," Charlotte said. All eyes turned to her.

"I'm all ears," Brad said.

"As you may know, my birthday is in a few weeks, and I have been thinking about what I want," Charlotte said. She put her hand on Brad's thigh. "Brad, I want you to be open-minded about this. If you are uncomfortable about it we can discuss it, but I have thought about it a lot and it is something I want."

"Okay," Brad replied hesitantly.

"I want a threesome," Charlotte blurted out.

"Do you mean with us three?" Brad asked, a broad grin spreading across his face.

"Yes, but..." Charlotte answered.

Brad's grin vanished, "But what?"

"What I want for my birthday is you and another man," she said, her voice quivering slightly.

"What? But, why?" Brad replied, a bit surprised, "Am I not satisfying you?" 

"Yes, yes, oh God yes," Charlotte gushed, "but the time you spend with Sherry, well, I got to wondering what it would be like with someone else. I guess I am just curious, but at the same time, I'm too much of a chicken to try it on my own. It might not be for me, but I won't know until I try it. Do you understand?"

Brad sat quietly for a minute. His wife had been very open-minded about his affair with Sherry. There was no legitimate reason to say no, but it was difficult to imagine her with another man. He knew that she slept with other men before they met, possibly even while they were first dating. Now it was different.

"Why don't you hear us out," Sherry interjected, "and then we can discuss it."

"Okay, what do you have in mind?" Brad asked.

"It's actually three threesomes, one for each of us," Sherry explained, "The first will be you and I and another man. We want to see if you can play nice with others."

"Who is the other man?" Brad asked.

"That's Charlotte's choice. She's going to pick the man for me, and I'm going to pick the man for her. Neither of them will be anyone you know," Sherry explained. 

"And I have the perfect guy," Charlotte gushed, "He was an intern with my company a few years ago. He had a fling with one of the women in HR of all things. She said he was pretty talented and very, uh, creative."

"The second threesome will be Charlotte's actual birthday present," Sherry said with a seductive smile. It is you two and someone I will pick out. There are a few candidates and I might need to audition them to make sure I pick the right one."

"If you don't freak out, then the last threesome will be just us," Charlotte said, looking at Brad.

"And if you are expecting anything to happen between me and your wife, well, it might require a little quid pro quo from you," Sherry added.

Brad sat back. The moment Charlotte said the word threesome his cock had become fully erect. His mind was swimming with visions of Sherry and Charlotte naked. Brad knew that Sherry went out with other men and probably had sex with some of them, so a threesome was not that much different from the status quo. He knew that they would accept whatever answer he gave them, but he could not imagine turning the offer down.

"What if one of you gets cold feet and decides that you don't want to be with two men? Does the last threesome still happen?" Brad asked.

"Yes," Charlotte said, "and if anyone is going to chicken out, it will probably be me."

Charlotte looked into her husband's eyes, trying to see what he was thinking. Much to her relief she did not see any sign of pain or regret. If anything there was an ember of lust, but mostly he looked like he was thinking.

"I want you two to kiss, no quid pro quo," Brad said and the negotiations began.

"Just a peck on the cheek?" Charlotte suggested.

"More than that," Brad countered.

"Okay, on the mouth, no tongue. Well, maybe a little tongue if we decide we like it," Sherry hurriedly agreed. She had no qualms about touching Charlotte and thought it would be fun to see Brad's reaction. 

"Anything past that is quid pro quo," Charlotte insisted, feeling confident that Brad would not go very far with another man.

"Are there any hard limits?" Sherry asked.

"My butt is off limits," Charlotte said, blushing a bit, "there is no amount of quid pro quo that will change that."

"Okay, but you don't know what you are missing," Sherry replied.

"Actually I do, and I don't miss it at all," Charlotte answered.

"Nothing humiliating," Brad added. He noticed both his wife and Sherry were getting aroused. He could see both women's nipples protruding noticeably under their clothing. 

"I agree," Sherry said, noticing that Charlotte was nodding.

"So when do we get started?" Brad asked.

"Well, Chance and I keep in touch and I know he will be in town next week. I think I can persuade him to meet you two for drinks." Charlotte said.

Brad raised his paper cup, "A toast, to next week."

"To next week," Charlotte and Sherry said, joining in.

The tires squealed slightly as Brad stopped in front of Sherry's house. Before he could get out the car, Sherry stepped out and closed the door behind her. Brad stopped to admire her from afar. She was wearing a backless top that looped over her neck, which managed to not only show an impressive amount of cleavage, but also allowed a generous side view of her D cup breasts. Her skirt was also black and hung loosely on her hips, stopping at mid thigh. Her feet were clad in black leather heels that accentuated her legs.

"We have plenty of time, you don't need to be in such a hurry," he said as he walked towards her.

"I know. I'm just excited. Aren't you?" she replied.

"Absolutely," he replied. He had felt a bit apprehensive at first, but Charlotte had assured him that the man that he and Sherry would be meeting was the perfect candidate for a threesome.

"You look even more stunning than usual," Brad said as he and Sherry walked back to the car.

"You don't think this is too much? I feel a little skanky," she replied.

"If it is then I like skanky, I like skanky a lot," he said, opening the door. He let his gaze stall briefly on the gap between her large breasts as she settled into the car.

"So what do you know about this Chance guy?" she asked.

"Just what Charlotte told us, he's a bit younger than us, and very adventurous. Charlotte assures me he is the ideal person to complete our threesome," Brad answered. Even as the words rolled off his tongue, he could not believe that he was going to be there when another man fucked Sherry.

"Are you ready for this?" Sherry asked, feeling a bit nervous. She had been rationalizing all day about the threesome. She had juggled lovers before, and this was no different. All she was doing was compressing the timeline. She looked over at Brad. Much to her relief he looked confident and eager to proceed.

"I am so ready, but to be honest it's the threesome with you and Charlotte that I am most excited about," he said.

Chance picked up his drink and swirled it in the glass, then took a sip. He had arrived early, not sure what to expect. He thought back to the phone call that brought him to his present location. One of the women he had worked with years earlier called him and asked if he was still as daring as he was during his internship. By daring, she meant horny, but she was too polite to be that candid. Her name was Charlotte and he had always had a bit of a crush on her. She was several years his senior, but she was hot. She dressed conservatively, but he could see she was fit and more than once, he had fantasized about her. She seemed to know a lot about the women he hooked up with during his internship, no doubt from office gossip. Before he knew it, he had agreed to meet two strangers as a possible hook up. She sent him pictures, a man and a woman, both attractive and like her they were several years his senior. He wondered if Charlotte was now some kind of madam, hooking up older clients with younger men.

The music coming out of the bar was loud, but not excessively so. Brad looked at the doors and wondered if he was truly ready to see Sherry with another man.

"Are you ready to go in?" Sherry asked.

"Ready as I will ever be," Brad replied, opening the door.

Brad scanned the room as soon as they entered and saw Chance sitting at a table against the back wall. He was facing the door. Chance noticed Brad looking at him, stood up and waved. Brad could see he was wearing a tight fitting shirt and jeans, just as planned.

The moment the couple walked through the front door, Chance recognized them from their pictures. The woman was a change of pace for him. She was clearly older, but hardly a cougar. She dressed like a much younger woman and managed to pull it off quite well. Even in the dim light of the club he could see she had large breasts, the top she was wearing showed them off perfectly. The man was about the same age as the woman and he had a confident swagger as he led her across the room. As the woman got closer and closer Chance realized he was staring at her tits, mesmerized by the way they swayed with each step she took. He had no doubt they were real and that they were spectacular.

The table had four chairs, two on each side. As they approached, Chance stepped towards the end of the table.

"You must be Chance," Brad said, extending his hand.

"And you must be Brad," Chance replied, giving a firm handshake, and then turned his attention to the woman.

Sherry ignored Chance's outstretched hand and put her arms around him, letting her hands slide down to his ass. Then she whispered in his ear, "I'm Sherry."

The firm embrace confirmed Chance's suspension that she was not wearing a bra. He could feel that her nipples were already erect as her large breasts flattened against his chest. He put his arms around her and let his palms rest on her ass.

After she released Chance, Sherry sat down in the chair Brad had pulled out for her. As soon as Chance sat down, she let her shoe drop to the floor and began rubbing her foot against his leg. She noticed he had picked a table in the shadows, where it was difficult to see exactly what was going on.

"It's nice to be back in town. I really enjoyed the time I spent here during my internship," Chance said. He had originally thought he would need to break the ice, but Sherry's hug had already set the atmosphere to steamy.

At first, Brad, Sherry, and Chance avoided the elephant in the room, talking about everything but the reason for their meeting. Finally, Brad broached the subject and they all giggled like schoolgirls. Brad and Sherry confessed that this would be their first, and Chance shared a few details of his limited experience.

When Chance excused himself, Sherry turned to Brad. "I think Charlotte was right, he certainly fulfills all of my requirements."

"This sounds awkward, but I like him. I can see Chance and I going out to get a beer after we both fuck your brains out," he said.

"I'm not sure you'll be up for anything when I get done with you," she replied.

When Chance returned, he walked up behind Sherry. It was time to get started. He leaned over her shoulder and pointed to a drink on the menu, "I think you will like this. The alcohol is subtle, but it has quite a kick." As he pulled his hand back, he dragged his fingertips across the side of her breast. She lowered her arm, trapping his hand. He spread his fingers out, trying to span the exposed part of her tit. Chance looked up and saw that Brad was watching him. As he slipped his fingers under the fabric of Sherry's top, she relaxed the pressure on his arm. He slid his arm forward, slowly encroaching on her nipple. He could almost feel Brad's eyes following his hand.

Sherry leaned her head back and turned her face towards Chance. At the same time, she arched her back, giving both men a clear view of her cleavage. "Do you see anything you like...On the menu?"

"I'm good with whatever you want. I've already got quite an appetite," Chance replied.

"Maybe an appetizer, I'm not ready for anything big" and after a slight pause, "yet," Sherry replied as she felt Chance's finger trace around her areola. She had never been felt up like this in public, at least not while she was sober. She glanced at Brad. He was clearly enjoying the show she and Chance were putting on.

"That's true, we don't want to get started too early," Chance said, withdrawing his hand, "I'm going to go order our first round, I think I have the perfect drink to get started with."

"I'm going to have to get Charlotte a top like that, it looks like it could be a lot of fun," Brad said as he watched Sherry adjust the fabric to keep her erect nipples from being too obvious.

"She has one, you just need to convince her to wear it," she replied.

Moments later, Chance returned with the drinks. He sat down and they resumed their conversation.

Much to her surprise, Sherry found herself nursing her drink. As the three of them talked, she came to realize she would not need liquid courage for the night's adventure. The most unexpected discovery was how well Brad and Chance were getting along. She had been concerned that the two men would be trying to one up each other. While there was some friendly jesting, for the most part they seemed to be enjoying the evening. More than once, she caught both Chance and Brad staring at her cleavage. In response, she slipped off her shoes and rubbed her feet along their legs.

"If you two will excuse me, I need to visit the ladies room," Sherry said. Both men rose as she stood.

"How long have you known Sherry?" Chance asked. Even though he had just met Brad, he felt like they were old friends.

"We've been out a few times, nothing serious," Brad replied. He didn't want to lie to Chance, but part of the arrangement was for things to remain mysterious.

"So, have you, well, you know?" Chance asked. Somehow, he could not bring himself to ask outright if Brad was fucking her.

"Yea and she's amazing," Brad replied. He wasn't comfortable discussing this topic, especially in Sherry's absence, but sex was the reason they were all there. He could not avoid the topic.

"Pretty wild too, I bet," Chance said with a grin.

"Yes, but," Brad cautioned.

"But what?" Chance asked.

"She has a policy of quid pro quo. Anything you do to her, there's a pretty good chance she is going to do it to you," Brad explained.

"I don't really see a down side to that," Chance replied.

"Say you want her to swallow... does the word snowball mean anything to you?" Brad countered.

"Oh, shit," Chance replied. He was familiar with the concept, but not to that extent.

"The up side is you can pay things forward, say you were able to talk her into a threesome with another woman and you wanted to see them kiss..." Brad said.

"I'd have to kiss you," Chance muttered.

"What are you two talking about? My ears are burning so it must be about me," Sherry said as she arrived at the table. She stood behind Chance, then bent over and pressed her tits against the back of his neck and whispered in his ear, "That's not the only part of me that is hot." She took a step back and Chance pulled out a chair for her.

"Brad was just..." Chance tried to explain.

"Just going to tell you all my dirty little secrets? I hope he saved a few, I was hoping to surprise you with some of them," Sherry said.

"Oh, there are plenty of things I did not tell him," Brad said.

"I will let you in on one secret," she said as she grabbed Chance's hand and placed it in her lap.

Chance noticed that she had pulled her skirt up, and his finger was resting on her underwear. She guided his hand under the fabric. Her skin was completely smooth and soon his fingertip was resting on the lips of her dripping wet pussy.

"Now you know how turned on I am" Sherry whispered lustily in Chance's ear. Then she looked down at the menu. "Now I'm in the mood for something filling."

Chance pressed his finger between her labia and heard her sigh. He gently stroked her hot, slippery flesh.

Sherry kicked off her shoe and pressed a stocking clad foot against Brad's erect cock. She felt his hands embrace her foot and begin to massage it. She wondered if anyone else in the bar was aware that she was well on the way to having an orgasm. She felt Brad's thumbs press into the arch of her foot. Then he slowly worked his way towards her toes, flexing her foot as he did. He gently tugged on each of her toes and then let her foot slide down his leg. When it reached the floor, he hooked his leg under hers and repeated the process with her other foot.

As Brad finished caressing her other foot, Sherry was convinced everyone in the room knew what was going on, but she didn't care.

Brad stood and walked around the table, looking over her shoulder at the menu. "There's something with a cherry on top." As he spoke, he slipped his hand into the side of her top and pinched her nipple between his fingers.

"I think everybody is going to want what I am having," Sherry moaned quietly as Chance finger fucked her and Brad tugged on her breast.

"Something covered in a warm sauce would be good," Chance said as he continued to toy with Sherry's clit. He could tell she was breathing faster. He looked down and saw Brad's fingers moving under her top, then slipped his hand inside her top and cupped her breast in his hand. He slid his hand along the bottom of her tit, pressing his fingers into her warm skin. He could not wait to have both his hands and his mouth on her breast.

Sherry felt Brad's hand on her shoulder, it was slowly moving up her neck. The fingers of Brad's hand brushed against Sherry's ear, sending a chill down her spine. She turned to look at her suitors, first Brad and then Chance. Both had a wicked grin on their lips and eyes that burned with lust. She bit her lip to stifle a moan as Chance pressed his fingers back into her pussy.
