 It wasn't long after 5 on this sunny Friday night that everyone was out of the office. You and I were chatting on MSN messenger and even with everyone gone we were having too much fun to stop. I propose you to stay a little while longer so I can finish some work and we can go have a drink later. As time goes by the conversation goes from casual and funny to a bit sexy. I ask you about the color of your hot shorts, and you reply that you're not wearing any. Jokingly, I respond: 

"Ya, right, I'm not wearing any underwear either." 

And you say: "Really? I'm gonna have to see it to believe it." 

We make the typical laughing comments and then the typical moment of silence comes around. 

"So what can we do with this whole office to ourselves?" I ask. 

You say: "Well I'm still waiting for proof that you're not wearing any underwear." 

And I reply: "and I'm still waiting to see if you're half as good at foreplay as you claim to be."

I know you're a tease but you definitely know how to make a guy linger because for over a minute you don't respond. Next thing I know you're sliding the headphones off my head and you're standing behind me. 

"We'll just have to find out, won't we?"

Before I can even realize what's going on, you slide on top of me on my chair and plant your lips on mine. I've never thought of you that way but my body responds instinctively and I kiss you back even more passionately. It isn't long before our tongues meet and our hands start running up and down each other's body.

I just don't know how far this is gonna go but I'm willing to find out. We give the room a quick glance to make sure there's no one around and your shirt goes flying, revealing your baby blue bra. In a single-hand swing, we move my computer tower and keyboard out of the way and I sit you on the edge of my desk, my lips never leaving yours. After a few minutes of heavy petting, the initial curiosity leaves place to a hot sexy mood and my hands discover your barbel as yours unbuckle my pants. It isn't long after you slide your hand down my pants that you find my throbbing tool, hard with my desire for you. As you amplify my lust for you with your hands, I slowly slide your bra off each arm to reveal your soft breasts. Things are getting out of hand, your head spins with desire, this is so sudden, yet so kinky considering the location!

I kiss your neck and tickle your ears with my tongue. You do the same and it drives me wild. I look at my pants down on the floor and suddenly I find myself overdressed. I look at you, and reading my mind you unbutton your pants. I move in between your legs, place my hands under your bum, and slowly start pulling your pants down.

Predictably or not, you really aren't wearing any underwear and this leaves us in a very hot skin to skin situation. I crave to discover your body and you haven't let go mine. Our tongues are still fighting and now are hands are on each other's most intimate parts. I slowly tease your thighs with the tip of my fingers and it's making you shiver. Your eyes close and you lay back, inviting me to push my exploration further. My fingers meet your lips the same time my mouth meets yours again, and you moan in pleasure. I slowly move my fingers around and the rhythm at which you are beating my cock loses it's tempo. I know then just how much I want you; and the look in your eyes says you want me too. You look down, and slowly guide the tip of my dick into your pussy.

I want to show you just how much of a tease I can be too and I only insert the tip, sliding it in and out ever so slowly. My hands are still playing with your nipples and you move your torso up for a kiss. My cock finally goes all the way inside of you and you let out a loud moan. Our bodies are already sweaty but we couldn't careless right now, it's me and you giving in to our wildest desire. My thumb reaches down to help my cock and my lips start teasing your nipples. I've never felt so hot. Your hands are squeezing my ass, pushing me deeper inside you with each thrust and I can tell that you're about to explode.

"OH my god, what the hell is going on here?"

We are both freaked out when we hear this voice. We were so into it that we didn't realize someone had came in. Scarlett was standing 10 feet away.

"Please don't interrupt yourself for me" she adds, "but next time..." 

She walks over right behind me. 

"Please at least have the decency to take her socks off." 

And she starts laughing as she takes off your socks.

We don't know what to do. Still inside of you, very shy that we've been caught, we look like we've seen a ghost.

Scarlett laughs. 

"Here, let me help you" she says before she removes her shirt over her head and starts kissing your nipples. 

It takes both of us a second to get use to the idea, but who are we kidding. She's so hot that even a gay man would. Now with Scarlett's mouth on your body, my thumb playing with your clit and my rock hard tool inside of you, you're free to kick back and truly enjoy yourself in the best way you ever will. We increase our tempo and your breathing gets louder and heavier. Scarlett kisses you and I go nuts. You place your hand behind her head pulling her closer and her hand replaces mine at the entrance of your - by now - very wet cunt.

It doesn't take long before we're both back into the heavy breathing and close to orgasm. I begin thrusting faster and harder. I can feel your muscles contracting around my cock and it's driving me wild. Scarlett is covering your body with her lips and hands. I've never been this excited and you've never had this much attention given to your body. In a series of loud moans and sighs, you begin to cum. The contractions of your pussy takes me above the edge and I start cumming too. My hot scum makes you feel hotter than before and you kiss Scarlett wildly. After a few more moments of thrusting, you collapse on the desk, and it isn't long before I collapse over your sweat-covered body as well, kissing you softly.

Scarlett laughs. 

"Who's next?" she asks as she pull her pants down with the biggest smile on her face.

To Be Continued...