 I almost had a seizure in the shower. I'd just jerked my shaved cock in front of 10 of my clothed friends, fire-hosed cum all over myself and one other, all while high on weed and poppers and my favorite extremely bisexual porn played on the TV for everyone to see.

I was excited for the rest of the night. Unless I read the room way wrong, we were about to have a big fucking orgy. But first, I was freaking out a little about what I'd just done in the first moments I had to myself since.

I leaned my head into the shower spray and let the water wash the cum and lube from my body. I was still a little drunk and a lot high. The whole scene I'd just lived over the last half hour or so felt totally unreal. With the exception of my roommate and best friend Zane, I'd never seen any of the group naked. We hadn't so much as skinny-dipped together and I had just shown them beyond doubt what a little sexual deviant I was.

Luckily they all seemed to really get into it. That's what I kept telling myself. I smiled as I thought to myself that I'd made Zane and Brian bi-curious and turned Tasha, Mandy and even Sean into cock whores. 

Still. Fuck. What I'd just done was absolutely crazy over-the-top. And I couldn't be surprised if the whole campus found out about it and no one ever looked at me the same again. I tried to push the worry out of my head and decided it would go away completely as soon as we got this orgy going. 

Everyone was waiting on me. I tried to quickly finish soaping off but found my thoughts drifting to re-living my slut scene in a way that was turning me on. The cleaning of my dick and balls might have lingered a little longer than strictly necessary.

I abruptly snapped back to reality and rinsed off, turned off the water and opened the shower door to grab my towel. That's when I noticed Mandy sitting on the toilet. 

"Hey, stud," she said, looking up at me with a smile and not a trace of shame at getting caught mid-piss.

"Holy shit, I didn't hear you come in," I said. 

"Told you I had to piss again," she said as she leaned over to wipe. "You get all cleaned up, you little whore?"

I winced and muttered, "Yeah."

"Babe, I'm just teasing," she quickly reassured, sensing my mood. "That was the hottest fucking thing ever."

"I'm ok," I said as I dried off. "Just had kind of a freak out moment. That was pretty intense."

"Yeah, I've got a feeling things are about to get even more intense," she said as she stood and pulled up her shorts. "Hurry out."

"I'll be right there," I said, really just stalling so I could get one more moment alone to compose myself. 

"Hurry the fuck up!" I heard Brian yell from the other room, followed by shushing from Zane. 

I hung my towel, took a deep breath, self-fluffed a little to make sure my dick looked good and headed back to the main room, still stark-ass naked with my cock ring snugly in place. 

The crazy bisex porn scene was still playing but reaching the end. The gay guy was on his back with his propped up ass getting fucked. I arrived just in time for the bottom bitch to reach a glorious climax and shoot jizz up to his neck, much as I did a little earlier, except he did it with a hot cock in his ass.

After he came, the gay guy asked to eat his buddy's cum and was obliged. This shit was hot. I rarely made it this far without cumming. Everyone else was filtering back in after grabbing a fresh drink and all seemed captivated by the porn's hot ending. 

Tasha, the black smokeshow who'd helped me cum and taken a bit of friendly fire in the process, was watching it so intently she hadn't noticed me come in. When she did, I was watching so intently I didn't notice her looking or realize I was casually playing with my dick. 

She got up and walked directly towards me. I didn't even notice until she was a step away. She grabbed my arm and led me to the middle of the room, dropped to her knees and took my soft, shaved cock in her mouth. 

"Mmmmm," she moaned, quite loudly, as she made my dick completely disappear.

She flicked her tongue around and my cock quickly stirred to life. When I was mostly hard she started bobbing up and down on my shaft and massaging my ass cheeks. Her blowjob was incredible. I went from feeling totally spent to worried I was going to pop too soon in about 30 seconds inside Tasha's mouth.

And then, just like that, she unlatched from my dick with a loud kissing sound, fully exposing my boner that was once again quite hard. 

"I love your soft cock," she said, still kneeling in front of me and flicking her tongue out to lick my piss slit. "But I love your hard cock even more. Problem solved."

I could only manage a nod and ragged breath in response. She led me to a vacant corner of the couch and we sat down. She lightly ran her fingertips over my cock and balls as Zane started to speak.

"Well," he said, "I guess there's still some sexual energy in the room." 

"Dude," Brian said, "my balls are bluer than Papa Smurf's," and laughed at his own joke. 

Sean said, "Yep, I feel like we're all the lesser-known character Boner Smurf."

Everyone laughed at that.

"So we're all as ready as I am to see where this night goes next?" Zane asked. "Great. As Mark mentioned earlier, anyone can say no to anything at any time. But I think it's important we not beat around the bush here and call it what it is.

"Is everyone in this room ready to have an orgy tonight?"

We all nodded or said yes. Katie just moaned and squeezed her tits. Brian was impatient.

"Christ, can we just get naked already?" he said as he rubbed his clothed cock, looking like he was feeling a mixture of pain and arousal.

"Yes, but should we do it one at a time or as a group?" Zane asked. 

Brian had heard yes and not waited for the rest of the sentence. He had already been shirtless but quickly ripped his shorts off, revealing a monster cock that was rock hard and, unlike the others revealed so far, wasn't manscaped at all. 

"Oh," Brian said as he realized he'd jumped the gun. "Fuck it, I don't even care. Ohhhh, it feels so good to finally have it out."

He pulled his boner down and let go, letting it slap back up against his stomach. Mandy gasped.

"I think he's got the right idea," Katie said. "Let's just do it. Now."

"Guys," Mandy spoke up. "I'm not sure I can. I play the part of the confident girl who loves her body. But that's maybe an exaggeration."

Tasha spoke up first and, as usual, nailed it.

"Do you want to do this, Mandy?" she asked.

"This night has been so perfect," Mandy said, clearly emotional. "I want to have magical sex with this group more than you could know."

"Then you've got to get out of your head, girl," Tasha said. "Because that's the only place in this room where there's any judgement of your beautiful body. None of us are perfect, and yet we all are. Beautiful women come in every shape and size. Just forget about all that and live this moment. You'll regret it later if you don't.

"And besides," she added. "I'm curious to see what other erotic tricks you've got up your sleeve and whether you've ever applied any to another girl." 

Before Mandy could even react, Brian jumped in and sealed the deal. He slowly jacked his hard cock.

"You see this?" he asked. "This is for you. The anticipation of seeing those incredible tits has kept me hard for most of the last hour. 

"No offense to the other beautiful ladies here tonight, but my favorite type of woman has a little curve. I think you're a fucking 10. I don't want to miss this party, but I'll take you to a bedroom and fuck your brains out if you don't feel comfortable out here. But I'm fucking you tonight. Unless you say no."

"Please stay, Mandy," I said, to a chorus of agreement from the others. 

She seemed to struggle to compose herself. We waited with breath held. After a few tense moments, she stood up and completely undressed in five seconds, like she was ripping off a band-aid or jumping into a cold pool. 

Her tits were indeed incredible, big and perky. They sat above a round belly that led down to shapely hips and a shaved pussy that I could tell from across the room was wet and red with arousal. 

She stretched out her arms and said, "I love you guys. Here I am in all my glory. Thank you for giving me the confidence to do this."

Mandy walked straight across the room to Brian, turned around, reached between her legs and grabbed his cock which she stuffed straight in her pussy. She was sopping wet and he slid halfway in on the first thrust. 

She took him fully on the second, then leaned back and spread her legs wide, giving everyone a perfect view of Brian's throbbing cock penetrating her. It took some convincing for this first time, but would you believe Mandy became at least the second-biggest exhibitionist there that night? Stories for another day.

Mandy kind of rocked her ass back and forth on Brian's hips, letting his cock push in and out of her pussy. She was actually riding that dick pretty athletically. I was impressed. She had her hands up and head turned sideways, grabbing the back of Brian's head and pulling him against her lips as they passionately kissed.

This all happened in a flash. Mandy had gone from clothed to fucking in maybe :30-seconds. Zane said, "Well, I guess that's our cue."

Katie pulled her top off to reveal just an immaculate set of C-cup tits and said, "No anal. But otherwise, I'll fuck any of you any way you want."

"Ditto," Carli agreed, as she stripped off clothes as well.

"Even me?" Evan asked. They'd dated in high school but had stayed close friends.

"We were always good at that part," Carli said. "I'm game for a no-strings-attached fuck if you are."

"Fuck yeah," Evan said as they both ripped off their last bits of clothing. "I'm down for another ride with that pussy."

Evan probably had the best body of any of us but his cock was a little smaller than average, certainly the smallest here. But it was hard and well-manicured. He had a good looking dick. He pushed Carli down into her chair, knelt between her knees and buried his face in her pussy. 

"Fuuuuccckkk," she moaned, grabbing the back of his head and pulling her legs into the air. "I forgot how good you are at that! Jenna! Feed me your pussy, girl!"

I hadn't heard Jenna say 10 words all night. She was almost hidden to my left, past the still fucking Brian and Mandy. I saw her stand, completely naked with her right hand tweaking her nipple and left furiously rubbing her clit. 

"I thought you'd never ask!" she panted. Jenna was always dressed a little frumpy but it turned out she'd been hiding a pretty rocking body under those baggy clothes. She was curvy with big, natural boobs and pale skin. She wasn't used to showing off her body much, but here she was, hiking her leg up and stuffing her well-trimmed pussy in Carli's face. 

Sean stood up and took off his shirt. Bella knelt in front of him and pulled his shorts down, once again revealing the smooth and perfect cock he'd shown me earlier. She turned him a bit sideways, giving Tasha and I a perfect view, and took him in her mouth. 

She went down on him for a few moments and then pulled off with a smack. She ripped her own clothes off now. She was a skinny, freckled, redhead with small tits and a triangle of carpet that matched the drapes. Bella was 21, same as me, but hadn't really fully hit womanhood yet. She turned into a smokeshow when she did, maturing into a young Nicole Kidman. 

Bella pulled Sean over to the middle of the room and had him lay on his back. He understood what she wanted and slid his head under Evan's groin as he knelt in front of Carli. Sean put Evan's hard cock in his mouth and lightly caressed his balls. 

"I'm not gay," Evan said, coming up for air from Carli's pussy.

"Do you want me to stop?" asked Sean. 

"Fuck no!" Evan demanded. "Suck my cock, faggot."

Sean moaned as he did just that, at exactly the same moment Bella squatted on his dick. There was a fivesome in my living room! Jenna was getting eaten out by Carli, who was getting eaten out by Evan, who was getting sucked by Sean who was getting fucked by Bella. Jesus!

Tasha had managed to shed her clothes and had her face in my lap, sucking my cock and rubbing my taut balls while she watched the group fuck. I was reaching behind Tasha's ass to play with her bald pussy. 

Katie was seated diagonally from us, completely naked and fucking herself good. She was furiously beating off and rubbing hard on her perfect tits, occasionally directly tweaking her nipples. Her pussy was completely shaved and, unlike Jenna, she was tan all over. 

Katie was mostly a stranger to our group an hour ago. Now she was watching her friend Bella ride a cock as the caboose of a sex train while she herself looked about to blow her choo choo whistle. 

Zane was naked and sporting quite a boner while he filmed the first moments of our orgy. He approached us and Tasha stared straight into the camera while she blew me. He moved over to Katie. She also looked right at the camera, spread her legs and shoved three fingers in her obviously soaking wet pussy. 

Everyone was feeling the exhibitionism that night. He focused on every member of the sex train and all of them acted extra slutty when the camera was pointed their way, bathed in the harsh light of the flash. 

When he got to Carli, she slipped out of her chair and knelt in front of Evan, letting him fuck her from behind. She was so ready for him he was balls deep on the first thrust. Sean was still on his back with his face between Evan's legs. He licked everything he could reach, from Evan's taint to Carli's clit. 

"Hey, I was supposed to be the first to do that," I said, teasing Sean. 

"Weren't fast enough, bitch," he replied sassily.

Jenna was now sitting where Carli had been, legs raised in the air to provide maximum access for Carli to resume eating her pussy.

I glanced back at Katie. I'm not sure anyone in the room was in a higher state of arousal than her in that moment. She was positively vibrating as she masturbated. She caught me looking at her. I just smiled and kept watching. Her intense expression never changed, but she got up and came over to Tasha and I.

"Tasha, dear, I'm so sorry to interrupt," she said. "But I'm absolutely desperate for a cock in my pussy. His cock. I'm so ready to cum, I don't think I'll need him for long."

"Baby, this is an orgy," Tasha replied. "Of course you can fuck him. Take as long as you want. 

"As long as I can play, too," she added seductively.

"Actually, I'm pretty ready to fuck, too," Zane interjected as he propped up the phone camera for a wide shot of the room. "Tasha, maybe we could get started working on Mark's pussy-to-mouth fantasy about my cock. We'll let him join us when Katie is fully satisfied."

Tasha was already sitting up and had Zane's dick in her mouth before he finished his sentence. I watched in awe. My best friend's cock was the best in the room, in my humble opinion. Thick and veiny, about seven inches long, cut and very hard. He had a well-manicured triangle of pubes above his cock. His regular-sized balls and underside of his shaft were completely smooth. His chest was smooth as well but a thin treasure trail ran from his pubes up past his belly button.

"You can play with that gorgeous thing later," Katie said, snapping me out of my cock-trance. 

"It can definitely wait," I said. "I honestly wanted to fuck you the second I saw you. I can't believe it's happening."

"I have to admit, I didn't want to fuck you until you showed us your magnificent cock," she said as she grabbed ahold of it. 

"I'm glad you came around," I said thickly, trying to maintain the witty banter but lust was suddenly making my brain not work so well. 

"I'm about to cum around," she replied. Ok, that was a bit on the nose. Maybe lust had her a little off her game as well. I couldn't help but laugh.

"Maybe we should just get to it," I chuckled.

She gave me the most radiant smile as she laughed and agreed. 

"Yeah, maybe," she said as she crawled on top of me, placing her knees outside my hips. 

I massaged her ass cheeks and crawled my fingers to her middle. I reached all the way around, found her pussy and barely stuck two fingers in. She gasped and arched her back. I leaned my head down and took one of her nipples in my mouth and lightly tongued and nibbled. She suddenly pulled away and leaned her face down to mine, gasping directly into my open mouth.

"I need your cock inside me," she pleaded. "Right now."

She reached her right arm behind her, grabbed my throbbing member and guided me into her sopping wet pussy.

"FUCK YES!" she shouted as she dropped all the way down onto me. Zane didn't even bother to shush her, even though the whole complex might have heard that shout of ecstasy. He was too busy receiving what looked like a pretty amazing blowjob from Tasha.

Katie lifted up her knees, placing her feet where they had been, leaned back and looked down. My cock was completely invisible, buried deep in her cunt as she sat on me. Her clit was visibly engorged and a bit of my cock ring could be seen between our shaved pubic areas.

"Oh fuck, will you look at that?!" she practically shouted. 

"Oh my god, so fucking hot!" I replied breathlessly as she gave her clit a few vigorous rubs. 

"Pretty hot, indeed," Tasha purred from next to us while she stared and continued to lick on Zane's beautiful cock.

Just like that, Katie was done looking and showing off. She was ready to ride. She threw her body against me and dove her mouth on mine. We kissed deeply and passionately as she started bouncing on my cock. She stuck her fingers into our mouths, letting us both taste her pussy. 

I rubbed her right ass cheek with my left hand and played with her left tit with my right hand. When my left middle finger flicked across her asshole, she let out a little scream. 

Like during my earlier public masturbation session, I was receding into my own world, except this time Katie was there with me. It was just her and I in that moment. Until I heard Zane's voice. 

"We've all stopped what we're doing to watch you two sluts fuck," he said, eliciting loud moans from both of us as our tongues explored each other's mouths. "I know it turns you both on, having an audience. It's turning us on, too. Katie's pussy is so hot, bouncing right on your hard dick, her juices making your smooth balls glisten."

Someone grabbed my balls as he said that, making me gasp and moan again. Katie reacted the same way at the same time and she broke off the kiss.

"Oh fuck yes, stick your thumb in my ass!" she yelled.

I peeked around to see what was happening behind Katie. Carli was riding Evan reverse cowgirl, directly across from us so they could both watch our show. Zane was stroking his wet cock with one hand and filming us with the other. It was Tasha who was between my legs, rubbing my balls and Katie's asshole. I looked just in time to see Tasha's face dive between Katie's ass cheeks. 

"MotherFUCK!" Katie shouted. "Wait, Tasha! I want to try Mark's little brown bottle."

"Oh fuck yes," I said. "Sniff my poppers and you're going to cum so hard!"

The bottle appeared, cap already removed. We both took deep hits and urgently resumed making out, the passion and intensity at a level I'd never come close to experiencing before. I sensed in Katie the moment Tasha dove back into her ass. A moment later I felt Tasha's fingers exploring my own asshole.

I heard Brian say, "Oh fuck, you guys have to try these poppers! FUUUCCCKKKK!!"

And then I felt him step onto the couch. He stood perpendicular to us and stroked his cock furiously inches from our faces. He leaned closer and we put his dick in the middle of our makeout session. I could taste his precum and Mandy's pussy, in addition to Katie's tongue. We were all close, but it was Brian who went first.
