 Lisa let go of Jesh's dick and Rachel's boob. She asked me for a cloth, and I gave her one of the washcloths I kept handy on the desk, in this small tub of hot water. I'd picked up these little tubs at Bed, Bath and Beyond that could be plugged in and the water kept hot. There were three or four spread around the room on various tables. They were extremely handy for people who did not want to leave a room but who still needed to clean themselves up. 

She wiped her face and between her legs (although for some strange reason the running mascara kind of turned me on, I was hoping she'd fuck someone at least once before taking it off. Don't ask me, I'm weird that way about white trash shit). Then she turned to Jesh.

"Jesh, honey, can you bring your dick over here, please?"

He moved over to her. She pushed her auburn hair back behind her ears and began to tell us a story about Brian. While she told her story, she stroked Jesh's cock, and every once in a while would take time out to roll his testicles in her mouth or suck hard on the spongy head. Jesh was pretty excited, he kept hard through the whole story.

"So, you all know how I moved up to Merced to be with Brian. Well, God knows there wasn't much to do there, so Brian and I fucked a lot. And when I say a lot, I mean, at least once a day, if not more. We become very inventive."

Tygre walked over to the desk, grabbed a chair and brought it over. She started to take all my clothes off. Rachel was still standing with her husband and wife, listening. Jason was slowly stroking his dick, kissing Rebecca every now and then. Rebecca had taken her pants off, but left her small halter on. She had no bra (her very small breasts almost never required one) and her nipples were semi-erect, pushing the halter out in two little points. When they got really hard, they could extend a full half inch away from her chest. It was an exciting sight to see.

"He was always up for getting laid. Fortunately, as you know, my little cunny can take some serious abuse, so chafing was rarely a problem, except on those days we played the 'Crimson Game.'" We all listened closely, wondering what that meant.

"The Crimson Game was a little sexgame we had. We'd go down to a mall where we'd look around the clothing stores for hot chicks. Brian's pretty straight, so guys were out, unfortunately. Another good reason I left him. Anyway, we'd find some hottie, check for a ring, and if we didn't see one, we'd pretend to shop. We would pick out a bunch of really revealing shit and then I or Brian would leave to try it on. We'd go back to find a dressing room.

"Sometimes these rooms didn't allow people to come in with you, and if that happened the game was pretty much over at that store. But if they did, we'd both go into the room. I'd put on an outfit (if I was fitting) and come out. I'd get the hot chick's attention and ask her a few questions about the outfit, etc. While talking to her, I'd really try to make contact, brush my arm against hers, etc. Just basically turn up the sex dial way high and see if I got a response. You cannot believe how often those poor girls would totally get off on it. I mean, they're so bored standing around all day, anything weird or strange happening was bound to get their attention."

Lisa broke off to suck on Jesh's cock for a little bit. She slipped her tongue out to lick the head, then pursed her lips tight, brought the underside of the tip to her mouth and sucked pretty hard on it. Rubbing her lips against that supersensitive place, Jesh's eyes rolled back and his hands held her head. His balls jerked with excitement. 

She finished by taking his length down her throat, all the way so her nose impacted his abdomen. She held him there for a while. Every guy there was wishing he was Jesh at that moment. Then we heard her gag, but she held Jesh in her throat. (She knew that was another thing that turned the guys on.) 

Finally she couldn't take any more and pulled him out, gagging a bit more. Long ropes of saliva and precome kept her mouth connected to the end of his cock. Totally decadent.

She pulled off Jesh. He started wacking off. 

She wiped her mouth and chin with the heel of her hand, and said "So, eventually, I could tell the girl was getting excited by my attention. This is where the name of the game comes from. If the girl turned red because she was embarassed or excited or both, we knew we had her. It helped a lot that Brian was so fucking fine, you remember, Tygre." Tygre nodded. 

"If she didn't, she was unmoved and just wanted my paper. In which case, game over, next store. Like I said, we were consistantly surprised at how many 'went Crimson.' When that happened, I'dI say some code phrase like 'Do you think my boyfriend would like it?' or something." 

By this point I was naked, Tygre was sitting on my lap with my half-hard dick trapped between her asscheeks, and she was running her hand over my shaved head, feeling the small hairs sticking out of my scalp like a chia pet. She smelled so good. This fragrant scent wafted from her curls and there was a hint of Obsession from her neck -- just enough to tantalize.

"When Brian heard that phrase he knew things were golden. He'd take off his shirt inside the fitting room and wait. I would slowly lead the hot bitch over to the room and tell her I needed a different size of some shirt or something. Then I'd hand it to her, open the door which showed Brian with his shaved chest and fucking cut upper body, and step in. As I closed the door, I made sure she saw me start to kiss Brian and my hand slip down to caress his cock and his balls through his pants. Click. The door would shut. This was the moment of truth. If she told us to come out or busted us or whatever, well, no harm done, nobody was naked, no one got hurt. But if she went to go get the different size, awwww yeah, we were going to have some serious fucking fun with that girl."

Lisa then gave Jesh a few more sucks on his pole. It had to be putting some pressure on his balls, the way they blew up. Poor guy.

Rachel and Rebecca were touching themselves and kissing Jason's ears and neck. He was naked too. His cock stood out and I wasn't sure he was listening too carefully. The three of them moved around clumsily until they could fall on the bed behind Lisa as she sat at the edge. She didn't seem to mind.

Lisa continued, "Anyway, if she came back, she'd tell me she had the new piece. I'd ask her to bring it in to me, as 'I was half-dressed.' The truth was, I was stark naked and getting eaten by Brian while I stood in the middle of the room. Brian still had his pants on. Didn't want his dick scaring anybody -- at least, not yet. She'd open the door and almost always stop.

"Once or twice we had a girl who knew what the fuck was going on long before we thought she did and waltz right on in, closing the door behind her, Mmmmmm, those were nice times. But mostly she'd freeze. I'd reach over, grab her hand with my eyes half-closed and pull her inside. Brian would stand up and close the door as I moved over to kiss her."

Rachel had mounted Jason and started to ride him, slowly and sensually. Rebecca was actually listening to the story, once in a while leaning down to kiss Jason on his eyelids, lips, forehead. I could see a lot of love in their family, made me a little envious.

Maurice was still fully clothed. Couldn't figure out what was going on with him, maybe he was just hanging out watching tonight or something. We all kept listening.

Lisa said, "Kissing those girls was almost always a learning experience for them. Each one, unless she'd been with other women before, had this expectation of being led, taking the follower position, from having kissed so many straight men in her life. But with me, I'd show her (sometimes it could take a while) that she could lead, she could be the one calling the shots. It would lessen her fear, and increase her confidence.

"It was always a pleasurable experience, watching a girl expand her kissing horizons and realize her power. She'd start to take control, and then Brian -- they always forgot about Brian -- would step up behind her with his pants still on and kiss the back of her neck. She'd freeze again, but I'd move in and kiss her lips, touch her breasts. To make a long story short, it could take some time, but by the end she'd be naked, sitting on Brian's cock while facing away from him, with me on my knees licking her clitty, coming like a firehose all over my face. Man, I loved that game.

"Now fuck me."

With that, she leaned back. Her head fell back on Jason's chest, and his hand came up to brush her hair. Jesh was hard from the story and grabbed her ankles, pushed her legs apart and slid right in. I was pretty hard too, although not entirely. Tygre could tell I needed some encouragement and stood up.

"Phae, my asshole needs some attention. Get your tongue in there as far as it will go. Lick me, baby."

I leaned forward to kiss the pucker. She leaned even farther forward, until her head reached down to Rachel's face and they kissed deeply. I heard Tygre say "I love you, Rach" before their lips were too connected to get any sounds out besides moans. I parted her cheeks with my hands and promptly buried my face between yet another set of fabulous, tight-skinned big-jellied asscheeks. It just didn't get any better than this.

After some time, she stood up and took one small step backwards. "Hey mister, can I sit on your mister, mister? Looks like it could use some pussy juice on it."

"Yep, sure thing, lady. Whatever you need."

With that she sat down facing away from me. My cock went straight up her cunt. She slowly rose up and sat down, relishing the dick up inside her. I was holding on to her hips, helping her rise up and come back down, a little harder each time. Her waist was tapered, lovely, sexy. 

Pretty soon we set up a nice slapping sound as her cheeks impacted my thighs. The walls of her cunt grasped my dick in this lovely little trap. Wet slickness clung to the skin of my prick as she rose up, then I could feel the spongy head coming in contact with something (probably her cervix, but she never winced or slowed down so I wasn't sure) that made my dick feel awesome. 

I felt this with some girls, it was either some sort of bend in their vaginas or something. Whatever it was, I loved it when I got hard enough to hit it. This time I was definitely hard enough.

Slap. Slap. Slap. She was whipping her hair around, making a show for Maurice, Jason and me. Some time ago the boys had pooled a bunch of money together and bought memberships in this dance class for all the ladies who were currently members. The dance class was a fitness seminar called "Strip Tease 101." It taught the rudiments of strip club dancing, pole dancing, etc. while maintaining a pretty severe exercise regimen. 

It was worth every fucking penny. When those girls had finished the class they gave us an overview of what they'd learned. That was a night to remember. 

She sat down hard, leaned back and turned her head enough to whisper in my ear "Can I sleep with you tonight, baby?" before kissing me really deeply. I broke away long enough to whisper back "Of course, but you might not be the only one. I don't know who else is staying over."

Lisa heard us whispering and said, "Hey, no secrets. What are you two -- unh, unh, yeah, fuck yeah, Jesh -- planning?"

I said, "Tygre -- oooooh fuck, that's so nice, you sexy little bitch, gonna' make me come soon, slow down -- wants to sleep over in the king tonight. I told her that's fine, but she might not be the only one."

Maurice spoke up. I turned to look at him while he spoke, and I saw he had his zipper down and was stroking that big black nightstick he called a penis. Guess he was enjoying the various shows.

"Yeah, Phae, I was hoping to get some space on the bed too. It's a long drive back to Fairfield and it's already 3:30."

"Sure, -- ohhhhh -- no -- fuck, fuck, harder, you little wench, get that cunt on there, oh fuck yes -- there's plenty of room."

Lisa also wanted in. "OK. Anyone else?" I asked.

The threesome on the bed declined -- they had to get home because of the sitter. Jesh lived so close by he could walk, so he was going to play it by ear.

Meanwhile, I watched Maurice's hand travel the long distance from nuts to tip and back down. The sight was rather mesmorizing, like watching clothes tumble in a glass-fronted dryer. Could sit there and watch it for hours. 

Maurice would milk the English Chunnel on the underside every once in a while, getting a present of two or three big drops of precome for the effort. Maurice would skillfully swipe the head with his palm and strategically smear his own lube over the rest of his dick to give him a little more slickness.

"Maurice, baby, come over here," I said.

He walked over, knowing what was coming. Tygre slowed down to give me some space. She leaned back and turned her face to Maurice as well. He fisted his tool, pushed his hips out at us so juices wouldn't get on his breeches, and said, "That's right, starting sucking, bitches." 

He tended to provide our ghetto-fab feel for the evening most times, even though it was possible he was the most cultured one of all of us. He was our beloved token black man. He was an expert saxophone player and had been trying to get his club playing to pay his bills so he could drop his day job. 

At some events I had him perform for us to get us in the mood, but not tonight. He knew street lingo pretty well and also knew we were a bunch of white anglos turned on by the concept of a ghetto-fabulous black man here to rip us apart with a massive cock.

Tygre and I both opened our mouths and accepted his beautiful gift of a long, hard, soft-skinned veiny telephone pole. We pushed our lips together and took each side of the big fat head, kissing it in welcome. 

Maurice groaned to see his wang smooched by a raven-haired, big-titted bitch and an urbane, skinheaded boytoy. Tygre took the first shift, opening her mouth and taking about 4 inches inside. I moved to his balls, taking them with my right hand and bringing the long, hanging, come-heavy nutsack up to my mouth for some 8 ball in the corner pocket. 

Maurice reached down and took both our heads in his hands. He looked down at us and said, "You two suck my cock so good. You like sucking on big black dicks? You little hos like that dick?" We both looked back up at him trying to put pathetic, submissive looks on our faces and nodded. 

I let a big egg drop from my mouth and while I stared into his eyes I said, "You black motherfucker, you know we have to suck your dick. We can't help it. I see it, I've got to eat it. I just can't help it, baby, it's too big, too hard, too juicy. Tygre, you tasting his sweet precome?" She nodded vigorously, her mouth still working the pole. 

Maurice, feeling the nod on his dick, moaned. I continued exciting him with words. 

"See that, baby? See her mouth working you? See what a helpless little fucking slut you make her? She's totally forgotten my dick up in her. All we can think about right now is teasing all that beautiful, delicious come out of those big black nuts to come exploding out all over our faces. We want you to paint us with your thick, sticky come. Please Maurice, please, all over us." 

With that, I went back to licking in between his sack and his thigh, where the sack connected to his body. It was especially sensitive right after a wax or shave, and Maurice had just waxed 2 days ago or thereabout, from what I could tell.

Our work on Maurice and my language was taking its toll. His hands were shaking slightly, his breath was coming faster and faster, and he could not take his eyes off of Tygre's mouth swallowing his Louisville Slugger. She was not nearly as proficient as Lisa (that cockeater could get almost his whole dick down her throat, and it was something to see) but her tongue was very talented, whipping around the big excited purple and black head when she pulled her back, then sliding against the sensitive underside when she took him back in as far as she dared. 

She was pushing herself a little, because I'd hear her choke and gag a bit now and then, pulling back quickly to lick while her throat and body recovered. I wondered if she was trying to work herself up to be a challenger for Lisa. If so, it was going to take a while, Lisa had taken over 10 months to get the skill level she had now. That bitch could swallow, for damn sure.

We kept licking and sucking. Tygre remembered my dick, but it was pretty soft by now -- I'd been focusing a lot on Maurice and had let my own excitment abate a bit. Tygre reached down to play a little with my balls, touch my dick, and stroke herself. Just wanted to make sure I knew she loved me, and also to let me know we weren't done yet.

With Tygre being in front of me, I couldn't see what was going on on the bed around Tygre's head and chest. But from what I heard, Lisa was getting really close. She started into her speech, telling Jesh exactly what to do when. "Yeah, yeah, God, yeah, yeah, like that, like that, fucker, like that, like that, yeah, oh my God so gooooooooood, nnnnnnnh, nnnnnnnnh, nnnnnnnnh." Her excitement was working on Maurice -- he looked over at her getting fucked by Jesh, and I think that kicked him over the edge. 

I felt his balls draw up close to his body. I could almost see the circumference of his dick expand to make space for the flow of lava about to erupt from deep inside his body. His prostate was gearing up to throw that come as far away from his dick as possible. The cool thing about Maurice was, when he came, he came a lot, and hard. Volume, speed and force all combined. He was going to hose us down.

Jesh was steadily pumping away into Lisa. They had been banging for a good while now. I asked Tygre what was going on on the bed, but her mouth was too full of Maurice's dick for her to make a report. Maurice began giving me a play-by-play, interspersing his description with a few choice words about the unacceptable behavior of the bed crowd and what uncontrollable sluts and bitches they all were. According to Maurice, Jesh was watching Lisa make out with Jason, Rebecca and Rachel in turns. The bed had turned into its normal writhing mass of sexflesh. Sweat was collecting on Jesh's back because of his effort. Rebecca got up on her knees and present her tits to Jesh for some sucking. Jesh nuzzled them like a newborn, reclaiming his inner child. Then he opened his mouth and sucked in the nipples to show Rebecca his feelings for her. 

His ass was still flexing, pumping, flexing, pumping. He was a workhorse in the mistress' stable. His balls must be getting huge because of the amount of time his erection had been squeezing Lisa's juices out of her. I mean, when he surged his 10-pound salami inwards, there simply wasn't any room left in that sexy slut's 5-pound bag. The lube virtually squirted out with each thrust. 

It was making Jesh crazy. Pump, pump, pump, the bed was shaking, the frame was creaking, those two were making the entire structure try to propel itself across the floor. It was fucking Marine World Six Flags, for fuck's sake. Lisa was moaning, groaning, acting like someone was pushing a stake through her and turning her over a bonfire. Frankly, it sounded like she was dying from sex.

Then I heard Lisa hit the top. "YEAH! NOW! COMING! NOW! GOD YES! FUCK YES! ooooOOOOOOOHHHHHH..." That was too much for Maurice. 

The surge of come up through his vas deferens was almost audible. The nuts became little bullets, the sack pulled in tight, and I pulled off to warn Tygre. "Tygre, baby, here it comes, get ready." 

She pulled her mouth off and I sucked on a tight nut really hard. Maurice roared, the pain of his nut getting pulled into my mouth really hard was exquisite. My hand held his buttcheek and I pulled him closer to our faces. Tygre's hand was skillfully keeping the friction intact on his dick. She licked the head mercilessly, not giving his cock any chance to stand down from these climactic levels of stimulation. 
