 The day seemed to drag on forever; the office just couldn't hold her interest today. Maria had called this morning and told Peggy that she needed to come to the meeting this evening because they were going to discuss her membership in the motorcycle club. Peggy was supposed to wear her sexiest outfit in order to better influence the membership. 

Peggy couldn't contain her excitement! This was what she had been waiting for, finally to be accepted into the family and have friends in town. 

She was going through her wardrobe in her mind trying to find just the right outfit. She settled on the short leather skirt she had recently purchased and the new black thong panties should go well with it. She struggled with which top would go best, the new red camisole would go well with a black vest she had in the closet, she remembered the biker who had left the vest and a smile came to her face as her pussy became very wet at the memory of the fantastic sex they had had over the years, she wondered when he would return to rekindle the desire. She decided on the black lacy bra with the vest, not wanting to take any chances on being asked to join the club. 

Her mind went back to John and the great sex they had had, she closed her office door and let her mind wander for a while. She began to rub her already erect nipples at the thought of how he had touched and sucked them. Her pussy was becoming wetter as she ran a finger past her skirt and up to her hot mound. Her body trembled with excitement as she thought of his tongue and the magic it had worked when he had been there. She reached into the drawer that held her vibrator, and she flipped the switch and felt her pussy get even wetter. As usual it was over too soon, but at least there was some satisfaction. 

Peggy rushed home at last; she fixed a small snack her nervousness covering up any hunger she might have. She opened a bottle of Riesling and poured a glass, it helped a little. She showered, trimmed her pussy and fixed her makeup, another glass of wine seemed like a good idea so she poured one. The outfit was lying on the bed, so Peggy tried it on. She checked herself in the mirror; she did look hot for a 50-year-old, she decided she would go out with her if she met her in a bar. 

The phone rang, it was Maria, she was offering to come over and give Peggy a ride to the meeting. Peggy's excitement was growing, but she was a little nervous so she readily agreed and they settled on a time to meet. 

Peggy still had an hour to kill so she finished the bottle of wine and was starting to get a little bit of a buzz; she figured it would help with the anxiety of waiting for the meeting. 

Maria arrived at the door, she was looking pretty hot herself, dressed in a short skirt with a halter-top, Peggy was impressed. She felt her own desire grow as Maria came in and surprised her with a large hug. She held the hug a little longer than was necessary and was surprised when Maria rewarded her with a long kiss as well. Maria slipped her tongue past Peggy's lightly parted lips and explored her mouth lusciously. Her hands began to caress Peggy's already aroused breasts, her nipples were throbbing wanting more, without a word Peggy guided Maria to the bedroom, where they slowly undressed each other exploring each others bodies with soft caresses from hands and tongues. 

Peggy laid Maria back on the bed and admired her erect nipples and very wet pussy. She climbed on top and began to kiss Maria passionately; she covered her neck and her chest with kisses as she moved toward the wonderful tits. She sucked each nipple, nibbling a little, smiling as she heard the little moans of pleasure coming from Maria. Her hands were exploring everything Maria had to offer, her fine titties, and her soft sides, running through her soft hair, working down to the silky mound nestled between her legs. She moved her kisses slowly downward taking her time anticipating the sweet taste of the other woman's hot pussy. She kissed all around teasing and arousing Maria even more. Peggy suddenly dipped her tongue into the steaming mound, searching and finding the erect throbbing clit that made Maria groan loudly. 

Maria grabbed Peggy's head and pushed it harder into her mound, starting to fuck Peggy's face as she came hard, screaming out her passion. 

Peggy started licking even harder, moving down to Maria's asshole, feeling another orgasm building already. This woman can come quick Peggy thought. 

Peggy ran her finger around Maria's asshole as she moved back to licking and sucking her clit, she could feel Maria pulling away a little, so she licked harder and held on tightly. Suddenly she plunged her finger into Maria's tight little asshole, still licking her clit furiously and felt Maria's orgasm slam into her. 

They snuggled on the bed for a few minutes as Maria regained her composure. Maria started to kiss Peggy all over, taking her time to cover all the same things that Peggy had. As her orgasm approached and crashed through her Peggy knew this was going to be a night like no other. 

As they arrived at the bar, Peggy noticed about a dozen motorcycles, she recognized several of them, but she knew she hadn't met all the club members yet anyway. 

She noticed the closed sign as they entered the bar, but Peggy didn't think much about it. The bar was dimly lit as most bars are, but Maria led her right to the back room where the meeting was to be held. Maria introduced her to the men that were there; it seemed a little strange that there were only men, but Peggy shrugged it off, she was excited to be here. 

Maria took her aside and informed her that she was supposed to serve the men their beers and drinks, so Peggy got started taking orders. She was flirting with the men that were there as a good waitress is supposed to do. The men were patting her ass, rubbing her legs; sometimes they would grab her tits, giving them a good squeeze. Peggy was getting hotter by the minute; she had had a couple of margaritas, while she was serving the men so she had lost her nervousness. She was listening to the proceedings of the meeting when they came to the part for new members. 

Maria was called forward to start the proceedings for Peggy's joining the group; everyone agreed that she had done a good job serving them their drinks. Peggy was called forward and as she approached Maria, Maria grabbed her and started to kiss her passionately, Maria started to undress her in front of everyone and Peggy struggled a little. Maria whispered that she should just go along if she wanted to be a part of the club, so Peggy, who was getting more aroused as they went, gave in and let Maria undress her. Maria paraded her around for everyone to see, the men were hooting and hollering, and Maria did a strip tease for them all and motioned Peggy over to dance with her. They were dancing and rubbing and getting hotter all the time, when Maria laid back on the pool table and pulled Peggy with her. Peggy was really into the moment and started to make love to Maria, kissing her all over, moving down towards the prize she sought, the men were growing more excited watching. 

As Peggy started to lick Maria's clit, she felt hands on her ass, and then she felt a huge cock slide into her waiting pussy. She stopped licking for a minute to enjoy the sensation of being filled with a hard cock, but Maria pulled her mouth back down and Peggy began to lick harder as she felt the cock in her pussy begin to swell, about to shoot his load in her. She fucked back harder, wanting more of the cock in her, licking even harder as she felt Maria getting closer. 

The cock in her pussy exploded about the same time as Maria's orgasm and they both pulled away, only to be replaced by another cock in her pussy and a second one in her mouth. Peggy willingly obliged, running her tongue up and down the hard shaft in front of her, while feeling a new cock slide deep into her hot wet pussy. It was hard to concentrate as she felt another cock being slipped into her hand. She started to stroke it and found another cock for her other hand, all of the cocks were driving her crazy. She was having a hard time concentrating on any one of them, when she noticed that Maria was involved in the same activities on the pool table next to her. Peggy felt an orgasm building as she was surrounded by all this sexuality, the cock in her mouth started to throb ready to explode, she eagerly awaited the load she was about to receive. Suddenly the cock was pulled out and the load of cum erupted into her face, dripping from her nose and eyes back onto the cock that had given the gift. The cock in her pussy was pounding harder and faster reaching its peak as well, Peggy fucked back ignoring the cum on her face, focusing on the rhythm in her pussy, her own orgasm building. She felt the release in her pussy, throbbing and hot as the cock was pulled out and replaced with still another. She felt the cocks in her hands starting to release as well, another large dick was in her face now and she gladly started in sucking on it. It was being pounded into her mouth furiously and she went along with it. She could feel her own release coming harder now, building like none she had ever had, she felt the cocks pounding in her pussy, her mouth and now two more in her hands, she thought about the cum that was all over her and suddenly her orgasm exploded in her. She fucked hard onto the cock behind her, took the cock in her mouth all the way in and furiously stroked the cocks in her hands as all of the cocks exploded with her. 

The cocks all slipped away only to be replaced by more. Peggy felt a familiar pressure on her asshole and smiled as a nice hard cock began to slip slowly into her tight asshole, she let the cock all the way in and started to fuck slowly back onto the hard member as she started to suck the new cock being slid into her willing mouth. This continued for hours until everyone was totally spent, the vote was taken and Peggy was unanimously accepted into membership. 

She kissed all the men goodbye and walked to the car with Maria, holding hands as they headed for home both smiling about the wonderful evening.