 The Halloween party was really kicking into overdrive. My friend Kyle was off making out with his girlfriend, and my other friends Nathan and Rob were over by the kegs, trying to finish one off between them, leaving me alone on the dance floor; well, not really alone, it was packed. People were pressed together, trying to dance, as the band played off in the corner.

I wished I had thought ahead, and wore a lighter costume; the robe from my priests outfit was heavy, and the collar made it hard to breath. The only reason I had agreed to wear it, was because when the four of us were together, the ensemble made for good comedy. I'm catholic, so I dressed like a priest, Nathan is Jewish, so he dressed like a rabbi, Rob is Buddhist, so he dressed like a monk, and Kyle is Baptist, so he dressed like a preacher.

I was trying to make my way towards Nathan and Rob, when I bumped into a cute little blond, dressed up like an angel; that is, if angels wore corsets, mini-skirts, and knee high stockings. She spilled her drink all over the front of me, and I was now thankful that the robe was so heavy; because I actually didn't feel wet.

It was too loud to hear her, but I could read her lips as she apologized. I tried to tell her that it was okay, but had no success over the noise. I pointed to the kitchen, and she nodded; I followed her. When the door closed behind us, the noise level dropped enough for us to be able to talk.

"I'm sorry about that." She said.

"It's okay; it's my fault. I didn't see you there." I replied. "Let me get you another drink." I took her empty glass and walked over to the kegs. "Yo, Rabbi; top me off."

Nathan looked over at me and said, "Sure thing Father; anything for a fellow man of the cloth." He filled the glass and handed it back.

I turned back to the angel and gave her the beer. "There you go, all better now."

"Thanks, but what about your costume; it's all wet." She said.

I was about to respond, but she reached out with her left hand and ran it down the front of my robe. I stood there, having completely forgotten what I was about to say. She leaned in close so that no one else in the kitchen would hear, and said, "Let me make it up to you; back at my place."

I was sure I had heard her wrong, so I asked, "What did you say?"

She smiled, put her drink down on the counter, and said, "I want you to come back to my place and fuck me; is that clear enough?"

"Crystal." I said.

She took my hand and led me out of the party. We walked, hand-in-hand down the street, until we got to a dark little house. I recognized it as a sorority house, I knew that, like the fraternity house that the party was being held at, anywhere from four to ten people could be living here. I stopped and she turned to look at me. "What's wrong?" she asked.

"Is it okay to go in there? I mean, will we wake anybody up?"

She laughed and tugged on my hand to get me moving again. "No, no; everyone else is at the party. We have the whole place to ourselves." I followed her in and let her guide me through the dark house, up the stairs, and into her room.

When she turned on the lights I saw that there were two beds in the room, and that it looked like the two women who shared this room were complete opposites. The side of the room that she went to was what you would expect from a spoiled princess; it was pink, with lots of frills and lace everywhere, and seemed soft and inviting. While the other side was dominated by blacks and reds, had a lot of metal, and reminded me of the kinds of bars that I would normally avoid.

She let go of my hand and walked over to her desk, where she removed the gold halo from her head, and placed it neatly on her desk. She then slid the wings off her back and hooked them onto the back of her chair. She turned and sat down on the edge of the bed, motioning me to sit down beside her; which I did, naturally.

"Look before we do anything; I don't even know your name." I said.

She giggled a little, and then said, "My name is Angel; it really is. What's yours?"

"That's quite a coincidence." I said. "My name is Ryan."

"Well nice to meet you Ryan; shall we fuck?" I couldn't believe how blunt she was, but it was refreshing; most college girls play all kinds of games, and take forever to get to the point.

She reached over, pulled me into her, and we started kissing. She wasted no time, and guided my hand to her chest; I could feel her erect nipples poking through the material of her corset. I rubbed her tits, trying to pinch her nipples through the material. She got to work on unbuttoning my robe from the bottom, but stopped about half way. She stopped kissing me, and untied the front of her corset, before pulling the cups down, exposing her perky tits. She started kissing me again, and continued unbuttoning my robe.

When she finally managed to undo the last button, I stood up, shrugged the robe off, and removed the collar; she took that time to completely remove her corset. I sat back down and continued kissing her, eventually working my way down her neck until I was finally licking and sucking her nipples. She reached into my lap with her left hand, and rubbed my dick through my pants; at the same time, her right hand guided my left hand up under her skirt, and to her panties. I rubbed her pussy through her panties, following the same rhythm she was keeping with my dick.

"Enough!" she shouted, before standing up. "Quick, take your clothes off and fuck me right now." She matched actions to words and she unzipped her skirt and pulled it and her panties off at the same time. I saw a carpet of blond pubic hair; natural blond. 

I jumped up and stripped as fast as I could. When I was naked, I looked to see her lying on her back, with her legs spread open. "I want you inside me now." She said.

I didn't need any more incentive, and climbed in between her legs. I lined myself up, and slowly entered her. When I was in deep enough, I lay down on top of her and started pumping. She started moaning right away, and grabbed my ass to pull me in deeper. She was so tight and wet, I had to slow my pace or I might cum too soon. I started licking and kissing her neck, and sucking on her earlobe.

"Lie down." She told me, as she pushed me over on to my back and climbed on top of me. She leaned down and sucked my dick for a few seconds, before climbing back up and sitting down on it. She started grinding her pelvis into me, and said, "I'm almost done; just let me get off once, and then you can go ahead and finish." Without waiting for a response, she placed her hands on my chest, and started fucking me.

She picked up the pace quickly, and I was glad that there were no other people home, because she started shouting vulgarities at the top of her lungs. She was getting so frantic now, that when I looked at my dick, all I saw was a blur on skin; I knew she was really close, and so was I.

At that very moment, the door burst open, and someone came in. "What the hell is going on here?" they screamed.

Angel looked over but continued fucking me, which confused me enough that I didn't notice any details about this new arrival just yet.

The person walked over and yanked Angel off me by her upper arm, and said, "I asked you, what the hell is going on here, bitch?"

She pulled her away from the bed and to the door. I started to get up but stopped when the newcomer shouted, "Stay where you are, shit-for-brains!" It was at that time that I was able to finally focus enough to see what was happening. The newcomer was another girl, Asian, and slightly smaller than Angel. She was wearing the same outfit as Angel had been, except hers was red, and instead of a halo and wings, she had horns and a tail. They were now at the door, and the new girl closed it, turned the lock, and removed the key; so much for trying to beat a hasty retreat, I thought.

She shook Angel and said, "Answer me."

Angel looked from her to me and back before saying, "Please just let me finish, I won't take long, then he can go and no one has to get in trouble." I was starting to feel bad; had she broken some house rule, and was she now going to be punished.

"Absolutely not! You know the rules, and you broke them; now you need to be punished."

"Hey wait a minute," I started to say.

"Shut-up maggot!" the Asian girl yelled at me. "I'll deal with you in a minute." Despite the fact that she was the smallest person in the room, there was no doubt that she was in charge here. The tone of command in her voice, and the fire in her eyes, kept me frozen where I was.

"Please, don't do this." Angel pleaded.

The Asian girl started pulling her to the other side of the room, "You brought a man into our room, without telling me about it, and had sex with him. You know that you have to be punished." She made Angel kneel down beside the other bed, and produced two pairs of hand-cuffs, which she used to cuff Angel's hands to both ends of the bed. Without looking at me she yelled, "Come here, maggot!" I stood up and walked right over to stand next to her, at the spot she had indicated. She looked at me and upon noticing that I was covering myself with my hands, yelled, "Remove your hands, worm!"

I just stood there, confused, and said, "Look, I don't know..."

The force, with which she slapped me, surprised me, as my head snapped around to the side. I looked back at her and was about to say something, but she yelled, "Shut your mouth, you dog; you will speak only when I tell you too; is that understood?"

Too shocked to answer, I just nodded my head.

"Good; now I said remove your hands, worm!"

I did what she said, dropped my hands to my side, and stood there naked. Without warning, she grabbed my dick and pulled me forward by it, until it was right in front of Angel's face. "Is this what you want?" she asked Angel, "Did you enjoy having his dick inside you?"

Angel stared straight at my dick, and started crying. "Yes." She whispered.

The Asian girl slapped her with her free hand. When Angel looked back at her she asked, "Did you enjoy him, more than me?"

Angel shook her head violently, all the while crying, "No! No! Never!"

"I don't believe you. Why else would you sneak him up here, without telling me?"

Angel looked back at my dick, which the Asian girl had started to stroke, "It's just different; I wanted to try it."

The Asian girl bent down to kneel in front of Angel, still stroking my dick; she leaned in and sniffed it. "I can smell you on him." Suddenly she put my dick in her mouth and sucked in it for a few seconds; when she pulled it out, she said, "I can taste you on him."

She stood back up and looked down at the crying Angel, "Now for your punishment." The Asian girl stood up, released my dick, and proceeded to strip, until she was wearing nothing but her red knee-high stockings. I couldn't help but look at her tiny, pert breasts, and the rather large erect nipples she had. I continued down and saw that she shaved completely, and had a plump little pussy. She caught me looking at her, and slapped me again. "You don't get to look at me, maggot, unless I tell you."

She turned back to Angel and said, "For breaking the rules, you're going to have to sit there and watch while this piece of trash pounds my pussy with his dick." She glanced back over her shoulder at me and said, "And he's going to keep pounding me until I cum," She looked back at Angel, "Or he's going to have to do your job, and eat me until I do; and you won't be able to touch me, him, or even yourself."

She moved forward, spread her legs, and bent over the bed; so that Angel was sitting on the floor, inches from her pussy. "Now you," she shouted to me, "Stick your dick in my pussy, and fuck me!"

I stepped forward and lined my dick up. I looked down, and could see that Angel was no longer crying, but watching with a hunger in her eyes. "What are you waiting for!" the Asian girl shouted, "Fuck me already!"

I slowly inserted my dick, and was amazed at how tight and wet she was. I knew that there was no way I was going to last that long in a pussy this tight, so I tried to reach around her to play with her clit; hopefully, stimulate her more that way.

She smacked my hand away and shouted, "Did I say you could touch that, dick-head? No, I didn't." I started to get disappointed, but noticed that her hand never reappeared on the bed; seconds later, I felt her fingers brush against my balls, as she played with her own clit. "You better not even think about cumming inside me!"

"Are you enjoying the show, Angel?" she asked.

"Yes, it's beautiful, Miko." Angel replied.

I couldn't help myself, Miko was so tight, and I started pumping her faster and faster. "Yes! Yes! Just like that; deeper, harder!" Her encouragement made me increase the pace, and force of every thrust. "Oh, yeah; smack my ass, you dog!" I reached back and brought my right hand down hard on her ass; her skin was so perfect and white, that my hand print stayed pink on her skin. "Again!" she shouted; this time I smacked her with my left hand, leaving a matching hand print on the other butt check.

She started to thrust her hips back into me with every stroke. "Grab my hair!" I reached forward with my left hand and grabbed a handful of hair; I pulled back until her head was tilted back and she was facing the wall. "Give me your hand!" She said as she reached back with her free hand; she was now being held up by her hair. I placed my right hand in hers, and she brought it down to cup her breast. "Now squeeze my titties! I want you to pull and twist my nipples hard!" I got right to work on the right one while she did the left one.

"Yes! Yes! Yes! That's it; right there!" she screamed, and I knew she was about to cum. Seconds later, she screamed out in a language I didn't know, and I could feel her pussy compress around my dick; I was glad she had finally cum, because I was about to blow my load.

Suddenly, she bumped back into me hard, and freed herself from me. She then bent down and sat on Angel's waiting mouth; Angel greedily licked and sucked up every last drop of Miko's juices. I was so close to cumming that I wanted to reach down and jerk off; but Miko was watching me over her shoulder, and her eyes warned me against doing just that. I thought that Miko would probably tell me to get dressed and leave, forcing me to go home and finish myself off.

When Miko finally stood up, she undid the handcuffs, and helped Angel stand up. She kissed Angel, and licked at the juices off her chin. I watched as Miko's hand drifted down the front of Angel's body, until she reached her pussy; I saw Angel's body shudder, and Miko plunged two fingers into her. Miko brought the fingers to her mouth and sucked on them for a few seconds.

She pushed Angel down on the bed, climbed up next to her, and held her legs open "She's not far off; it shouldn't take you more than a few minutes to make her cum." She said to me. Then she looked right at me and said, "And you better make her cum, or I'll make you wish you'd never set foot in this house, worm."

I approached Angel and was about to shove my dick inside her when Miko said, "And you better not cum in her!"

I thrust my dick all the way inside her, and was rewarded with a gasp from Angel. I immediately picked up the pace, and started pumping as fast as I could; Miko had released Angel's legs and was now using her right hand to rub Angel's pussy, while she rubbed her own with her left hand.

Sure enough, in about three minutes, Angel screamed and her body started bouncing on the bed. I could feel her pussy trying to squeeze my dick, and was about to come when Miko yelled, "Pull that thing out of her right now!"

I pulled out and Miko immediately grabbed my dick. She pulled me forward until my balls were pressed against Angel's pussy. "Look at what this filthy creature was going to put inside you, Angel." She said as she stroked me.

Having almost gotten there with Angel, and then even closer with Miko, I burst like never before; just as Angel looked up, I blew my load. My first shot actually hit her right in the check, with a couple of others making it to her tits, before the rest pooled at her belly button. Miko kept stroking me, squeezing every last drop out of me, before letting me go.

I took a couple of steps back, and had to focus just to stay standing. I watched as Angel, with a shocked look on her face, reached up and scrapped my cum off her check with her index finger. She looked at it closely, before opening her mouth and licking it off; Miko watched her before licking the cum that was on her hand. The two girls smiled at each other and proceeded to clean my cum off Angel.

When they were done, Angel sat up next to Miko and said, "See, that was fun, wasn't it?"

Miko looked from her to me and back, before answering, "It wasn't unpleasant."

Angel looked happy, and started clapping her hands together, "So then, he can come back and play?"

Miko looked right at me, "If he does what he's told, then I suppose it would be alright."

Angel hugged and kissed Miko, "Oh, thank you; thank you. You won't regret this." She stood up and walked over to me. "Isn't this great? You can come over and play." She whispered to me, "But you better do what Miko tells you to, or she'll never let you come back. You do want to come back right?"

I nodded my head.

"Angel, bring the maggot here, and let's get some sleep."

Angel turned back to Miko and said, "He has a name, you know."

"I don't care what the maggot's name is."

Angel planted her fists on her hips and said, "Well, if he's going to be coming over for playtime, then you should at least call him by his name."

Miko rolled her eyes, and said, "Fine; but only because I love you, and it will make you happy."

Angel smiled and said, "I love you too, Miko." Angel took my hand and led me over to Miko's bed.

I awoke the next morning between two beautiful, naked women, and realized that college was going to be a lot more fun than even I could have imagined.

THE END