 After almost six years of marriage, still without children to compete for their attention, focus, and energy, Jeff and Karen enjoyed sex with each other frequently and enthusiastically, but they sometimes had a little trouble getting started. Video pornography always did the trick within a very few minutes. Karen knew that Jeff had a collection of porn on DVD, some of which he'd bought and some of which he'd transferred from WMV files he'd downloaded, that he regularly enjoyed when he was alone, and she didn't mind. When she was in the mood, she'd suggest that he bring one out to play on the large flat-screen TV opposite their bed. 

The porn Jeff chose that night was, as usual, girl-on-girl, Jeff's favorite kind. Like most straight men, he found the sight of two attractive, apparently heterosexual women kissing, fondling, licking, and sucking each other endlessly fascinating and almost unbearably arousing. Karen, like many other straight women, also found herself unable to watch two women together without become excited. 

"New one, love?" Karen asked as it began to play. 

"Yeah. It arrived last week. It was made in Britain."

"The girls are very good-looking."

"I hadn't noticed," Jeff said. It was a running joke between them that he never looked at other women.

"It's very well-filmed," Karen said. "Good production values."

"I'm glad you approve."

"It's not quite as explicit as most American ones."

Jeff reached under the covers between Karen's legs and found her clit hardening and her pussy lips wet. "Seems to be doing the job, though."

Karen reciprocated, reaching for Jeff's hard-on. "Yes, it seems to be working just fine, love," she said. 

They turned on their sides, still fondling each other. Jeff gave his wife a deep kiss. "Turn it off?"

"It can keep playing," Karen said as she brought her body into full contact with her husband's.

For the next several minutes, there was no more conversation. The soundtrack of the DVD served as both a background and an echo of the sounds Karen and Jeff themselves were making. 

===

"What is it about sex between two women you find so exciting?" Karen asked as they spooned. Jeff had used the remote control to turn off the TV, where a different pair of women from the first were at it. "After all, as far as I know, there's no porn for women of two guys together."

"That's called gay porn."

"Those women we just watched weren't real lesbians. And I don't want to watch two gay guys go at it. It's not the same."

"It's true. But I don't know why I like it so much. Apparently a lot of guys do, though, because there's so much of it available," James said. "I like watching beautiful naked women being sexual."

"You hardly ever play a DVD of women playing with themselves, though."

"I have a few of those," James said. "I like watching that, too. I like watching you masturbate."

"That's completely different, love. I'm right here. And, anyway, it usually leads to us having sex."

"That's true," Jeff said. "But there's just something special about watching women together."

"You probably imagine yourself joining them," Karen said. "Isn't that every guy's fantasy? You and two girls?"

"Well, when I watch two women, I don't consciously imagine myself with them. But yeah. The idea of me with two women really turns me on."

"I'd consider it, love," she said suggestively.

"You would?" he asked, incredulous. In all the time they'd been together--almost ten years, including the years that they'd lived together before their marriage--he never dared broach the idea, and Karen had never suggested it.

"Yeah." She hesitated before speaking again. "But I have a deal to make with you."

"What's that?" Jeff asked, idly toying with her breast. With the notion of having sex with Karen and another woman, his cock was stirring.

"I've always had the fantasy of having sex with two men at the same time. You and another man."

Jeff swallowed hard. It was not an idea he had ever entertained. He found the notion paradoxically simultaneously repellant and exciting. He thought of himself as devoutly heterosexual. He wasn't at all homophobic--in fact, he considered himself a strong supporter of gay rights--but he had never found himself attracted to another man. He'd never even engaged in the sort of homosexual experimentation early adolescents occasionally try--such as checking out each other's cocks, mutual masturbation, or group jerk-offs. He wasn't even comfortable being naked with other men in places like gym locker rooms or showers. And yet the idea of being with Karen and another man was hardening his cock. 

"It would only be fair, after all, love," Karen said, shifting her bottom so that his penis nestled in the crevice between her buttocks. 

"I suppose..." he said. "But who would the other guy be? It couldn't be anyone you'd been with before we met."

"No," she conceded, "that would be too complicated. It wouldn't be fair. We'd have to pick him carefully. Of course, the same is true for the woman."

"Yes," he said, rocking his hips back and forth so that his cock rubbed gently against her ass. 

"Oh, and there's another part of the deal, love," she said, shifting her bottom and lifting her leg so that his cock was now between her nether lips.

"What's that?" he asked, using his hand to tip his cock up to the mouth of her pussy and sliding in. She was still wet, or was wet again.

"Well, just so you don't chicken out after we go to bed with another woman," she said, pressing down and back so that he was deep inside her, "it has to be us and another guy first. That way you don't get to fulfill your fantasy without me fulfilling mine."

Jeff cupped both of her breasts as he steadily stroked inside her. The complementary fantasies--the two of them with another man and the two of them with another woman--alternated in Jeff's mind. He reached down and found Karen's hand already at her crotch, fingering her clit. "Okay. Deal," he said.

Her fingers moved rapidly under his hand. She moaned and shivered through her second orgasm of the night. He loved when she played with herself. He loved when she came. He buried herself in her and easily reached his own second orgasm.

===

For the next several nights, they discussed exactly how they'd go about finding the right man, and how they'd take him to their bed. The discussion invariably led to them having sex without the need for any video porn to get them started. 

Eventually they settled on their first candidate. He was a guy named Phil who Karen had been friendly with at her previous job and with whom she'd kept in touch. In fact, they'd just had him over for dinner a couple of months earlier. He was single and unattached. Jeff liked him, although until then he'd never considered him--or any other man, of course--as a potential sexual partner. "We'll just invite him over for dinner again," Karen said. 

"And I can still veto it," Jeff said.

"Until we reach the point of no return," Karen said. "That is, if you still want to have a threesome with another girl."

This discussion was, like all the other previous ones on the subject, taking place in bed. Jeff was fully erect. "Yes," he said, entering her ready pussy. 

===

The Friday they had arranged for Phil to come for dinner, they came home from work and immediately got into the shower together. Washing themselves and each other often led to sex, and Karen watched Phil's cock get hard even more rapidly than usual. He reached between her legs.

"Not now, love," Karen said. "Let's save it for later."

===

Dinner with Phil had been pleasant and unhurried, the conversation wide-ranging and entertaining. Phil was intelligent and funny, and he and Jeff had a lot of the same interests and points of view. They'd finished the bottle of Chablis he'd brought. 

"There's a movie on Netflix I thought we all might enjoy," Karen said after they'd quickly finished cleaning up. She and Jeff had discussed this carefully. It was an R-rated movie about a threesome involving a man and two women. She mentioned its title. "Have you seen it?"

"No, but I heard that it was good."

"That's what we heard."

In the living room, the television was directly opposite the couch. Jeff brought in a new bottle of wine and three glasses, which he set on the coffee table. Karen sat down in the center of the couch. She turned on the TV, switched its input source to the Roku, and went to Netflix to find the movie they'd discussed. Jeff opened the bottle and filled the three glasses in a row, sitting down to Karen's right.

Phil sat down opposite the third glass, to Karen's left. The movie began. Karen lifted her glass. "Cheers," she said, clinking glasses first with Phil and then with her husband. 

===

They finished both the movie and the second bottle of wine. Jeff found watching the movie in the present circumstance wildly exciting. He was already engorged.

"Well," Karen said to Phil, using the remote to turn off the TV, "What did you think?"

"I really liked it," he conceded. "Those girls were really hot."

"Have you ever been in a threesome?" Karen asked.

"Never been so lucky," Phil said. "The way things are going, probably never will."

Karen turned to him so that her face was only inches from his. She put a hand on thigh just above his knee. "Never say never," she said, and leaned in to touch her lips to his.

Phil pulled away abruptly and looked past Karen at Jeff. Phil's expression was incredulous. His right eyebrow was raised quizzically. Jeff swallowed hard. It was the point before the point of no return. He saw that Karen had turned to look at him, too. She put her hand on his thigh and squeezed firmly. Shifting his eyes from Karen's to Phil's, he nodded, ambivalently but unambiguously.

Karen turned back to Phil, and she leaned in to kiss him again. This time, Phil didn't hesitate or resist. At she kissed Phil, she moved her hand up Jeff's thigh to his crotch, fondling his hard-on through his pants. Jeff looked over to see that her other hand was between Phil's legs. 

Jeff's head was spinning. His wife was kissing and fondling another man while she was fondling him. It was frightening, and it was also unbearably arousing. 

After a moment, Karen broke the kiss and turned toward Jeff. She leaned in and kissed him, her hands still between the legs of each man. Jeff opened his mouth to Karen's, and he thought about where her tongue had just been. She seemed to taste subtly different.

Karen stood. "Let's go to the bedroom," she said softly.

The two men stood. Taking each man's hand, Karen led them both to the bedroom, where a soft bedside light was already lit. They reached the side of the bed. Stepping out of her shoes, Karen said, "Undress me."

Jeff glanced at Phil, who seemed to be in a state of incredulity. Jeff was sure that his own face looked the same. Phil reached to the hem of Karen's top and pulled it over her head as she raised her hands. 

Jeff unfastened the button at the top of Karen's pants and pulled the zipper down. He looked up to see that Phil had reached around Karen to open the clasp of her bra. As Jeff pulled her pants down to her ankles, Karen shrugged out of her bra, displaying her beautiful breasts. Her nipples were already hard. Phil sighed. Although the room was quite warm, Jeff shivered.

Karen shook her feet free of her pants. Jeff reached up to her panties and pulled them down. They fell to the floor. She stepped out of them and put an arm out to each man, pulling them to her. Jeff felt her bare body pressing against him and also felt Phil against his left side where Phil, too, was in her embrace. It was disconcerting and confusing and unbearably exciting. She kissed her husband deeply. Automatically, he put a hand on her right asscheek. The tips of his fingers met Phil's fingertips on her left cheek. 

She shifted her head and kissed Phil just as deeply. In the dim light, the sight had an unreal, dreamlike quality. 

She took her mouth from Phil's and moved back, sitting down on the bed. "Now you both undress," she said softly but commandingly. 

Facing each other, staring at each other, they deliberately and unhurriedly undressed. Jeff could hear his wife sighing. Soon they were both down to their boxers. Jeff saw that Phil's cock was peeking out. 

Jeff reached to the waist of his underpants, pulled them down to reveal his own aching hard-on, and stepped out of them. As he did, he watched Phil do the same. Jeff was relieved to see that Phil's cock was about the same size as his own, and seemed about as thick. It had a slight leftward curve to it. 

Still sitting on the edge of the bed, Karen leaned forward toward Jeff, reaching out. She took his cock in one hand, his balls in the other, and put her mouth to him. Jeff's own mouth opened in pleasure. He sighed deeply as she sucked him in. He put his hand on the back of her head.

After only a few seconds, she withdrew her mouth and let go of him. She turned her head and reached toward Phil. Jeff stared blankly as his wife did to Phil what she had just done to him. He heard Phil moan.

Jeff felt Karen's hand at the back of his waist again, drawing him closer to her and Phil. His cock brushed against Phil's, making him shiver. The side of his naked body was pressing against Phil's side. 

He felt Karen's hand at the base of his cock, and looked to see that her other hand was on the base of Phil's. She drew them even closer together, so that heads of their cocks pressed against each other. She opened her mouth as wide as she could and took in their tips. 

It was incomprehensible. Somehow, that Karen was part of this made it okay to be so intimate with another man. As Karen ran her tongue on their cocks, Jeff felt another arm, Phil's arm, at his waist. Jeff turned his head and saw that Phil's face was only inches from him. Phil was no more than an inch taller than he. 

Karen took her mouth from the men's cocks and drew back, letting go. 

Phil looked awkwardly into Jeff's eyes. "Listen, I've never done anything like this. I'm not gay."

Jeff met Phil's awkward stare. "Me neither. I'm not either."

But being with another man and his wife made what was happening seem different. Somehow, paradoxically, it was still all a straight experience. 

Jeff leaned closer and brought his lips to Phil's. His tongue parted Phil's lips without meeting resistance. Jeff's tongue entered Phil's mouth. It was just like kissing a woman, and it wasn't. But whatever it was, it was dizzyingly exciting.

If Jeff had taken the lead at first, now Phil made the next move. As they kissed, Phil's hand dropped from Jeff's waist to his ass and grabbed a hold of one cheek, drawing Jeff more closely to him. Jeff felt his cock fold up against Phil's pelvis as he felt Phil's hard cock against his own. 

Jeff heard his wife moan deeply. He glanced down to see that her legs were spread wide and that she was playing with herself with two hands, one at her clit and the other with two fingers in her pussy. 

"Jeff," Karen said, "I want to see you suck him."

Jeff didn't know if he was ready for this. He met his wife's eyes. "Our deal," she said quietly, almost whispering. 

"Shouldn't we be using condoms?" Jeff asked.

"I'm clean," Phil assured him. "I haven't been with anyone in over a year."

Jeff was shaking as he dropped to his knees. Phil's cock, so like his own and yet completely unfamiliar, stared at him, its tip like an eyeless face, its mouth already open and wet with clear fluid. His hands shook as he reached to grasp Phil's cock and sac. He opened his mouth and, for the first time in his life, put a penis in his mouth.

Somehow, it was a familiar sensation. He remembered that he occasionally dreamed that he was able to bend down and suck his own cock. In those dreams, he knew exactly what to do, and he knew exactly what to do now, relaxing his jaw to take it all in, running his tongue along its soft underside, pulling his head back so his lips closed over the tip and then sucking it all back in. 

In his right hand, Jeff felt Phil's sac tighten and his balls lift up toward the base of his cock. Jeff used his tongue to press Phil's cock more firmly against the roof of his mouth. He heard Phil groan loudly and felt him spasm again and again. He felt the semen spurt into his mouth, filling it. 

Karen groaned loudly, too. It was the familiar sound of her coming. "Oh, God," she said in her deep orgasmic voice. 

Gently, carefully, Jeff drew back from Phil. His mouth was still filled with Phil's ejaculate. He wasn't sure what to do with it. 

"Kiss me," Karen said, as if in answer. Jeff rose to her and put his lips on hers. Their mouths opened and Jeff let Phil's semen seep into hers. She scoured his mouth with her tongue, cleaning it out, swallowing again and again. 

Jeff felt Phil's hands on his cock and balls, and then Phil's lips on the tip of his penis. Karen was still kissing him, and she dropped her hands to meet Phil's on her husband's cock. Phil's mouth felt as good as Karen's had ever felt. Jeff felt a finger, he assumed Phil's, tickling his asshole. It was all mind-boggling, overwhelming. He moaned into Karen's mouth and felt the most powerful climax he could ever remember, emptying himself into Phil's mouth. He could feel Phil swallowing and again.

Karen took her lips from Jeff's. "Let's get into bed," she said, standing to pull back the bedcovers. 

Karen arranged herself on her back at the center of the bed. Jeff put himself at her left, half his body draped over his. Phil was at her right in a similar position. Jeff licked and sucked her left breast. Phil did the same to her right breast. Jeff's hand met Phil's between her legs. She was as wet as Jeff had ever felt her. She raised her legs so they could fondle her more deeply. 

Jeff's erection had never subsided. It was as if he hadn't just come. His cock rubbed against her hip. 

"Get the lube," Karen said, "and a couple of condoms." She turned her back to Jeff, and he understood just what she had in mind. He fumbled in the drawer of the bedside table and found two packages and the tube of jelly. 

Karen liked it when Jeff played with her asshole, but only very rarely permitted him to enter her anally, which Jeff found an astonishing pleasure. Tonight, it seemed, would be a special occasion in several respects.

Jeff reached over Karen to hand Phil a condom still in its wrapper. He opened the other one and rolled it down onto his aching, throbbing cock. He flicked the tube top open and squirted a generous amount on both his hand and his condomed penis. He put the tube of jelly aside and gave his penis a stroke to distribute the jelly more evenly. He reached between her cheeks with his sticky hand. The fingertip of his middle finger found her asshole, caressed it, and slid in easily. Karen sighed. He added his forefinger. It seemed that her asshole was especially relaxed and open. She raised her left knee and sighed deeply. Through the thin wall of tissue, Jeff felt Phil's penis enter her. He withdrew his fingers and used a hand to rub his cock back and forth between her cheeks. She shifted her hips back toward him slightly, and he found the orifice and pressed in. She squeezed her muscles around him. He felt his cock pressing against Phil's through her flesh with every stroke. Karen was groaning deeply again and again. 

They were a tangle of arms and legs. Jeff felt Phil's hand on his waist, pulling them all more closely together. Jeff reached over, putting his hand between his wife's body and Phil's, cupping her breast. He kissed the back of Karen's neck as he pressed himself into her, his groin against her wonderful bottom. 

Phil's rhythm increased, and Karen's moaning deepened. Phil pulled Jeff even more closely against Karen. Jeff heard Phil groan and felt him spasm inside Karen. Karen shuddered in her own orgasm. Her muscles squeezed rapidly around him. He shuddered and spasmed and came, the pleasure so powerful he almost lost consciousness. 
