 Wendy awoke to the buzz of her phone flailing to find it with half open eyes before placing it to her ear, "Hello?"

"Hi Baby!" Mark's voice was cheerful. "What am I looking at?"

"Apparently my ear!" Wendy laughed as she put the phone in front of her seeing Mark smiling at her.

They both laughed.

"Are you still sleeping?" Mark looked puzzled. "Isn't it almost noon?"

Spinning her head, Wendy looked at the time on end table, "Wow, am I ever late for work!"

Mark laughed, "Good thing you are the boss!"

Slipping out of bed Wendy made her way to the bathroom while they spoke.

"Nice. I get to watch you pee?" Mark chuckled.

"We both know you are a freak like that." She laughed quickly wiping and propping her phone on the sink to wash up.

"Late night?" Mark decided to poke the situation.

Wendy struggled to contain herself wanting to share every detail, "Yeah, you could say that."

Mark left it alone at that point.

"When are you home? Tell me you'll be home before the long weekend?" Wendy liked their annual boat trip with their friends.

Mark smiled, "Four days sweetie. I'm going to have this wrapped up and I'll be on a plane home to you."

Wendy beamed and kissed the phone, "I'm so excited! It feels like you have been gone forever this time."

"I feel the same way baby." Mark blew a kiss at her, "I will call you tomorrow. Get to work before Amy takes over."

Amy was Wendy's only employee at the bakery; like Wendy she was also a licensed baker and shared in Wendy's love of artistic cupcakes. The business wasn't going to make her rich, but it paid the bills and offered a modest income to herself and Amy. 

"Well well well...look what the cat dragged in." 

Wendy could only smile and give an apologetic wave, "Busy morning?"

"Pretty calm really, just the usual suspects." Amy gave her a toothy smile, "So what kept the boss up all night?"

"How do you know I was up all night? I could have had another appointment or errand to run." Wendy sat on the stool behind the counter.

Amy chuckled, "You are right, you could have been doing either of those but you weren't."

"What makes you so sure?" Wendy gave her a playful stare.

"Well...you look like you're still asleep to start with." Amy cracked into a belly laugh as if she was the funniest person she knew.

Wendy couldn't help but laugh as Amy was extremely jovial with a contagious laughter that made work a terrific place to be. When the laughing subsided she nodded, "Busted. It won't happen again boss."

In the back Wendy was working mindlessly on creating a batch of buttercream when her mind wandered to the night before. She recalled the reminder of Kevin's assault on her pussy as she was talking to her husband while she was peeing. She smiled knowingly to herself reliving the events of the evening as she worked. 

"Can you get that?" Amy's words broke Wendy's concentration.

"Pardon?"

"We have a customer and I'm up to my elbows in mix!" Amy held her arms up to illustrate the mess she was in.

After assisting her customer she made her way back to her buttercream.

"I could almost smell the wheels burning Wendy!" Amy smirked at her, "I don't think I've ever seen anyone concentrate so hard making buttercream before."

Wendy shook her head, "Just thinking."

"And smiling devilishly." Amy added.

"Was I?"

"Yes mam you were. Like a cat with cornered mouse." Amy headed to the sink to wash her hands off. 

Wendy looked up catching Amy's gaze, "Just thinking about Kevin."

"Who?" Amy looked puzzled.

"Mark, my husband." 

"Oh I know who Mark is, but who is Kevin?" Amy's face turned very inquisitive

"I have no idea where that came from." Wendy hoped her lie would cover her tracks. "Weird huh?"

"Weird? Oh yeah weird. Don't forget hubby's name when he gets back or you'll be in some trouble." 

Both ladies laughed and got back to work.

Placing the buttercream in the fridge she asked Amy to keep an ear out for the front while she used the facilities. As Wendy sat and tinkled, she noted the enormous wet spot in her panties. She grabbed some tissue and did her best to dry them off before pulling them back up. As she washed she thought about Kevin once again and knew for sure that she needed to give him a call.

"Dude, we need to talk about last night!" Kevin stared down over the pod wall at Dominic.

Dominic looked up with a smirk, "I could use a break."

All conversation ceased until they were safely in a small alcove meeting room with the door closed.

"FUCK" Kevin dragged the word before continuing. "That woman was unbelievable!"

"That woman could suck too!" Dominic smiled to himself remembering her hot mouth.

Kevin leaned forward on the table, "I shot a load down her throat it was fucking amazing!"

Dominic shrugged, "Doesn't always play out that well...must have been beginners luck."

"Dude she had me so worked up I had to bust another nut when I got home." Kevin gestured to his crotch. "I can't even focus on work."

"She's married dude, don't forget that part." 

Kevin shrugged, "I'm not in love dude; I just want to fuck the living hell out of her again and again."

"Have you called or texted her yet?" Dominic raised an eyebrow.

"Cant." Kevin wrung his hands together, "I gave her my number but I didn't get hers."

Dominic shook his head in disbelief, "That's shitty."

On the other side of the world, Mark was sitting in a cab on his way back to his hotel room. Wendy's exhaustion returned to his mind and it ran wild thinking of all the possible reasons that his wife might be exhausted; he always returned to sex as the explanation. He knew that 'well fucked' look well and it was the only real explanation. Undoing his seatbelt momentarily he adjusted himself so his stiffening cock had room to maneuver before clicking it back on. He would have loved to know the details, but he was going to respect her don't ask don't tell.

His mind thought back to their conversation and Wendy's words echoed through his mind, "I'm only doing this if you are." It wasn't for lack of desire that he hadn't slept with anyone, it was just a lot more difficult for a guy to get laid and that is just a sad fact of life. Admittedly, Mark hadn't even tried and promised himself he would take advantage of the next opening to see where it went.

That night Mark took his place at the hotel lounge and sunk into the deep leather chair. The bartender quickly made her way over with his drink in hand, "Single malt." She smiled at him as she held the drink out.

"Am I that predictable?" Mark reached to grab the tumbler and their fingers touched.

"Yes." She did her best to hide her Hungarian accent; she loved working at the bar and all the practice it provided her to work on her English.

Mark smiled and watched her walk away. She was an iron curtain beauty with long chestnut hair almost touching her waist. She was tall and slender and her company mandated skirt really complimented her ass. Naturally his mind wandered off to fantasize about what type of sex she liked and what he would do to her if he could. Lifting his empty glass in the air he smiled at her and lipped the words, "one more please."

She arrived promptly holding out another tumbler. 

"Are you trying to get me drunk and take advantage of me?" Mark reached up intentionally placing his hand momentarily over hers as he looked into her eyes.

The young woman laughed, "Handsome and funny."

"I'm Mark." He held his hand up to her.

Offering her hand to his she spoke, "I'm Sladjana."

"I'm glad to finally know who has been looking after me all this time." Mark felt the softness of her skin, "Its quiet tonight."

Sladjana took a seat across from him, "You are my only customer since the rush after dinner."

Mark took the opportunity to learn as much as he could about her. She was a university student studying law with a minor in languages. She inquired about his work and eventually navigated the conversation to his wedding band. Taking a brazen approach he decided to come clean about Wendy and himself being swingers.

"Do they have that here?" Mark played the innocent card.

"Not that I know." Sladjana blushed shaking her head.

Mark held his phone out with a picture of Wendy in a bikini from their last outing, "This is my wife Wendy."

"She is beautiful very much." Sladjana's words mixed.

Mark nodded, "Right now, she is probably in the arms of another man."

Sladjana was intrigued, "You are jealous, yes?"

Mark laughed, "No, not jealous."

"Really?"

"Yeah I'm okay with that." Mark smiled, "It's just not fair."

"How is this? I don't understand." Sladjana looked puzzled.

Mark took a sip, "it's much easier for a woman to find a man."

"Yes." Sladjana smiled. "This is true. You are very handsome man, should not be problem here."

Mark smiled and took the last sip of his whiskey, "Would you go out on the town with an old fart like me?"

Sladjana laughed, "Old fart? Very funny expression."

"Would you?" Mark stared into her eyes seriously, "Can I take you out somewhere?"

"No." Her answer unintentionally abrupt, "You are not old. I come see you after work in an hour, we will have fun. Okay?"

Mark stuttered in disbelief, "Okay."

"Room 1512 right?" Sladjana smiled

"How did you know?"

She cut him off, "Charges to room every night and I have a great memory."

Mark laughed in disbelief that this was really happening.

"Go get cleaned up." Sladjana stood and made her way back behind the bar.

Mark stood and gave her another smile before heading to the elevator.

Mark jumped in the shower and rinsed the day off before toweling off and running his electric shaver over his stubble. In his closet he grabbed a form fitting golf shirt and a fresh pair of slacks. Uncertain of what the night would bring, he sat patiently on the tiny sofa and awaited his guest.

Wendy spent the bulk of the day fighting the urge to text or call Kevin; she didn't want to seem desperate, but she really needed to get fucked again. As the day went on she became less focused and eventually burned a batch of red velvet muffins telling her it was time to call it a day. Once home she flopped on the couch and texted Mark.

WendyI miss you so much. Hope you had a great day. Xxoo

To her surprise, Mark responded immediately.

WendyNo meetings?

MarkFinished early and grabbed a bite at the hotel. Are you home already?

WendyYup, it wasn't very busy in the shop today.

MarkPlans tonight?

WendyStill thinking. You?

MarkHoping something is going to pan out.

WendyGrrrowl what a lucky girl. Save some for me.

MarkLOL. You don't go wearing yourself out and save some for me too.

WendyI love you 

MarkI love you...so much.

A knock on the door broke Mark from his phone. Placing it on the arm of the couch he opened the door to see Sladjana smiling at him.

"Please come in." Mark gestured her inside.

Sladjana glanced around, "Very fancy."

As far as rooms go in Budapest, this one was the size of an average apartment in the city. It had an unused kitchenette and dining table with a small living room and the bedroom off to the side.

"Can I get you a drink?" Mark made his way to the bar.

"No thank you." Sladjana placed her bag on the table and put her purse on the floor, "It's okay if I take shower?"

Mark pointed to the bathroom, "Make yourself at home."

Sladjana grabbed her bag and headed to the bathroom. Mark listened as the shower turned on and noted that she had not closed the door. It was all he wanted to do, but he refused to get caught peeking in on her. He had barely sat back on the sofa when Sladjana stood in the hallway looking at him; Mark was speechless as he took in the slender beauty's naked body.

"You are joining me. Yes?" Sladjana smiled and pointed to the shower, "Is much nicer with a friend."

Mark stood speechlessly and followed her to the bathroom. Before Mark could respond, Sladjana stepped close and pulled his golf shirt free and over his head. Mark unbuckled his belt and let his trousers fall to the floor.

Sladjana smiled at him, "Naughty boy, no underwear." Holding back the curtain she gestured for Mark to get in and followed closely behind him. When he attempted to face her she kept him facing away from her and pressed against his back. "I clean you, and then you clean me."

Before Mark could respond her soapy hands began washing his hips, slowly making their way over his firm stomach. He wasn't ripped but he kept himself in shape as best he could with his schedule. Her hands glided up over his chest applying a sudsy layer. Slowly her hands soaped the sides of his torso to his hips. As her hands moved forward over his hip bones he moaned under her touch.

Sladjana pressed her lips against his back, enjoying the feel of his skin on her breasts. Applying more soap she returned her hands to his hips slowly making her way to his manhood. Her fingers traced the edge of his pubic hair before moving on to the main event. When her fingers bumped his rock hard member, she immediately wrapped her hand around holding it in her slippery grip.

Mark put his head back and moaned his words, "That feels so fucking good."

"You have a beautiful cock!" the word cock popped as it left her lips. She slowly stroked it while her other hand gently soaped and massaged his balls.

Mark groaned in disbelief, "You better stop that or I'm going to explode."

"Okay, you wash me then." Sladjana released her grip and spun around pushing her long hair over her shoulder.

Mark lathered his hands with the small bar of soap and gently caressed her long flawless back. As his fingers danced delicately on her sides he watched gooseflesh. With each pass his hands moved slowly forward until his fingertips traced the sides of her breasts. He watched her body shiver as her breathing slowed. Slowly stepping forward he pressed his cock against her ass, smiling as she adjusted herself so it moved between her legs.

Leaning forward he kissed her exposed neck and slid his hands over her breasts. As he massaged her soapy breasts he slowly ground his erection between the firm cheeks of her ass. When Sladjana put her hand on his and guided it south; he didn't hesitate moving his hand to her silky smooth baldness. Removing his lips from her neck he kissed her ear and jaw until she turned and their lips met.

His kiss was soft and gentle sending electric shocks to her sexual nerve center. As his finger danced over her lips and clit she gently rocked her hips back and forth sliding along the hard cock with her pussy. His magical fingers were doing everything right and she sped up her grinding until her pussy quivered sending violent tremors over her body.

Mark struggled to keep her on her feet as the weight of her body pressed against his hand. She panted in his mouth as wave after wave of her orgasm ravished her body. When she put a hand on his, he relented and held still letting her recover. Her tongue danced at his lips as she panted trying to recover.

"Why don't we get washed off and go someplace more comfortable?" Mark pulled the nozzle from the wall and washed the soap from her body before turning the spray on himself.

"Wow." Sladjana pressed herself against the cold tile in the corner of the shower, "I came so hard."

Mark just smiled and looked down as he rinsed his rock hard tool off.

"Let me help." Sladjana took the nozzle in one hand and his cock in the other methodically rinsing the soap from his cock and balls, "I just have to check now." She held the nozzle up for Mark to take as she quickly sucked his cock to the back of her mouth.

Mark almost fell trying to brace himself as her hot mouth devoured his manhood. He stared down and watched her slowly start to work his cock without any hands. When she looked up, he stared deeply into her dark brown eyes and began gently fucking her mouth. It was all he could do to not flood her with his seed; after all it had been a few weeks of built up need begging for release. 

She could tell he was close; his balls tightened, his breathing shallowed she sped up her assault.

"Please." Mark shook his head pleading, "Don't make me cum yet; it's too soon."

Sladjana nodded and grinned as she sucked him hungrily.

"Jesus, please..." Mark held her head and began fucking her mouth wildly.

As soon as his cock started to erupt, Sladjana pulled him from her mouth and jerked his cock wildly, "Cum all over me."

Mark held her head firmly with one hand as his other replaced hers jerking his cock, "All over that beautiful face." He watched as his cock shot an endless stream of cum across her cheek, lips and chin. Once satisfied he was drained he released his cock and stood staring down at the beauty looking up at him with cum all over her face. 

Sladjana held his cock in her hand and stroked it until a glob of cum made its way out of the tip; leaning forward she opened her mouth and sucked his cock into her mouth cleaning his shaft. Once satisfactorily cleaned she took the nozzle and washed the sticky load from her face and climbed out of the shower.

Mark helped dry her off before doing himself, "You are something else."

"What am I?" Sladjana smiled.

Mark laughed, "I mean you are an unbelievable lover."

"Mmm." Sladjana kissed him deeply. "I must go or my mother will wonder."

"I'm not sure I was done with you yet."

Sladjana smiled, "Tomorrow, I will tell her I'm staying with friends."

Mark smiled at the thought of having her in his bed for the night, "I can't wait."

Kevin jumped up and stared over the wall at Dominic, his facing glowing, "Guess who just texted me and wants to go out?"