 "An Amaryllis party for the holidays? What's an Amaryllis party?" Holly Beery asked.

Cynthia Morse grinned wickedly. "It's named after Amaryllis belladonna. You know, that bulb that shoots up pink flowers without any leaves until after the flowers die? The one called Naked Lady?"

Holly's eyes widened. "Does that mean what I think it does? The men come clothed and we go nude?"

"The men come in 'black tie' and we go into the master bedroom and hang up our clothes while they mix up the wassail and get out the hors d'oeuvre. The we come out and mingle."

"Uh-huh. And after a glass or three the fondling and patting begins and I know where that is leading. No way could I bring myself to do that."

Cynthia shot her a disapproving look. "Of course you can. I have a prescription for Surrenderone and keep getting refills that I stockpile. It's not like I need it but for less adventurous women it's just the ticket. You take a shot from the squeeze bottle before undressing and about the time the second cup is down, it's game on. And if Phillip is too inhibited Sol has a store of Vigorilla. About a half hour after everyone arrives some girl will get down on her knees, another will bend over the back of the sofa and pretty soon everyone is happily fucking away. After we're done, we clean up, have some more to eat and drink and wait for the guys to recharge. Then it starts all over again. We all get laid, probably twice, get dressed again and go home."

Holly was amazed. "You mean people swing? Here in Riverdale? I thought that only happened in places like Hollywood or New York! How long has this been going on?"

"You bet we do, honey. It got started with just a couple or two but now we've had to move it to the Bankson's because theirs is the only house that will hold everyone. Now here's your invitation and a list of discreet babysitters who will be available a week from Saturday. Don't let me down. You know Phil will love it and so will you. I promise."

*****

Phil had reservations. "A what? And they do what? This is a joke, right?"

Holly shook her head. "No it isn't. And honey, they hold it at the Bankson's. You know, it's all the richest, most respectable people in the neighborhood? I have this terrible feeling that if we don't go it could mean social ostracism. And Cynthia promised that if we were too nervous that we could use some of their Surrenderone and Vigorilla. She keeps it on hand for this sort of thing."

The thought was intriguing. Phil had heard of Vigorilla, the supercharged next generation drug for ED, and had also heard that sometimes guys who didn't really need it found it a powerful aphrodisiac. The image of Cynthia Morse naked and available floated through his brain as did the idea of Charles Bankson plundering Holly.  If some other guy doesn't want your wife, why would you? he'd once heard. And he had to admit that he did get a charge out of other men eyeing her. This was just the next step. And Holly was making noises that she might just be okay with it. He pondered.

"A week from Saturday? Well, I don't have anything else planned so if you're sure you want to give this a try I guess I'm game. As much as I paid for that tux I really need to exercise it more often and this is a good opportunity, I suppose. Okay, but I sure hope Vigorilla is all it's cracked up to be. I don't know if I could pull this off with nothing but Christmas cookies and wassail."

Holly had sort of hoped that Phil would put his foot down and shout, "No way in Hell!" It would have made a perfect excuse to beg off but now that he agreed, even if half-heartedly, they were committed. She hoped the Surrenderone would work as advertised. The last thing she needed was a set of hysterics in public.

*****

Holly looked Phil over critically. He was right. The tux was expensive and fit him beautifully. She could well imagine several of her neighbors, nude in their high heels, raising an impressed eyebrow toward him and considering how hard they should try for his 'attention'. She wasn't sure it was a happy thought. Still, as she straightened his festive and carefully knotted Stewart tartan bow tie, she reminded herself that whatever hijinks the two of them got into at the Bankson's, they were going there together and would go home together. A bit of play on the side, with mutual consent, wasn't going to ruin the good thing they'd built over the years. Heck, they might even do it more often.

For his part, Phil mildly regretted that Holly wouldn't be knocking them dead in a sexy evening gown. Instead she dressed well but in things that would be easy to get out of and back into. A simple business suit without any underwear would leave her matronly but attractive figure unlined when she unveiled herself to the assembled group. He had to admit that she looked plenty good to him and would to the other men in the group. How did we get ourselves into this?

*****

As they drove to the party, Holly kept running the whole idea through her head. After the kids had been picked up for a slumber party, she'd spent the afternoon bathing, shaving, exfoliating and moisturizing. When the whole process was complete she stood in front of her full-length mirror and had to admit that she looked pretty damned good. Yes, a few pounds had been added with each of the children but they were all in the right places and she had maintained an exercise program that had left her—well, lush was the best word. She was confident that she would get all the attention she'd come to expect back in college. After all, Phil wasn't her first or even her only man back then; just her favorite. And didn't every college student have their share of one-night stands and the occasional wild party? This was just a more sophisticated, more deliberate version of the same idea. The longer she talked herself into it, the better she felt.

Phil, on the other hand, was getting more and more excited about the idea of showing his wife off and sharing her—while of course indulging in the sharing of the other wives. They'd been a faithful couple for years, now, and he fully intended to stay that way. That is, he intended to stay that way except when opportunities like this came along. It wasn't cheating, after all, since both of them were consenting adults and consenting together. And it wasn't going to lead anywhere. Just a night's entertainment and then back to happy domesticity. After all, Holly was okay with it . . . 

*****

Bankson men had been career soldiers since the Negro Regiments of the Civil War and all of them had married late after retirement and bought land. Through all of America's wars, despite prejudice and discrimination, they had served—and prospered. Charles had done the same getting a JAG commission after law school and retiring as a Lieutenant Colonel after only twenty years and then marrying the daughter of a prominent Atlanta banker. Now, still ramrod straight and fit with a distinguished grey goatee and sideburns, he was the most important lawyer in Riverdale and one of the biggest landholders in the county. It seemed odd that he should be hosting an Amaryllis party but he met the Beery's at the door with hearty greeting, took their topcoats and shooed Holly off with his wife, Eula.

"Glad you could make it, Beery," he boomed, "these little affairs have become quite a local sensation. Eula loves setting them up and just quivers with anticipation all day before the guests arrive. Now take my advice. Whether you think you really need it or not, I strongly recommend a shot of Vigorilla. The stuff takes 15-20 minutes to take effect but when it does—wow! It's like being nineteen all over again. Here, just like nasal spray."

Meanwhile Eula led Holly up the long staircase to the second floor balcony. "We really like having the ladies undress upstairs," she whispered confidentially, "It makes such a grand entrance to come down naked and it's so sexy when you jiggle as you step down each tread."

Pushed gently into the master bedroom, Holly found most of the other women guests in various stages of undress. Cynthia, clad in pine tree earrings, a snowflake necklace, heels and nothing else, gave her a hug and handed her a couple of hangers. "Here, honey, just hang your clothes up on the rack over there. Leave your heels on, it gives your legs a better line. Besides they make it easier for the men to get into you from behind. Oh, but first take a couple of good hits on the Surrenderone. I've already had mine."

"I thought you said you didn't need it," Holly protested.

"Oh, I don't need it; I like it. It gives me a melting, languid feeling I just love. When I take it I just want to ooze into a man's arms and have his warm hands all over me. Then when he tells me what he intends to do to me I just get shivers. It's really the most delicious stuff. Once you've been overcome with it you'll want to do it again and again. Why, it even makes sex with my own husband something very special. Now quick, take a deep breath."

A bit confused but willing to try anything once, Holly took two deep breaths as Cynthia squeezed the bottle up each nostril.

"I don't feel anything."

"Oh, of course you don't. It will take at least 15-20 minutes to take effect. That's why we make sure there is a big bowl of wassail and plenty of seasonal snacks beforehand. Now get naked and we'll all go downstairs. The men are waiting."

As she hung up her clothing Holly mused that with all the other women nude this might not be as hard as she feared. None of her friends and neighbors had model figures. Not all of them were young. However, all of them were cheerful and saucy like they actually looked forward to an evening of debauchery. It was both odd and comforting so when they sauntered out the door and down the stairs to the applause of the tuxedo-ed men she flushed with pleasure as much as with embarrassment.

Sol Morse presided over the wassail bowl and handed each woman a generous cup before ringing the side of the bowl with the ladle.

"Gentlemen, a toast! To the ladies and to mistletoe!"

"Hear, hear," rang out the response.

"And ladies," Eula replied, "to the gentlemen!"

"To the gentlemen" was followed by giggles and a fair amount of jiggles. The implication that they were toasting the 'little gentlemen' as well was obvious.

Holly chatted amiably with the other guests as they worked their way down the buffet overhung as it was with bunches of mistletoe. Somehow they didn't look as though they were placed to encourage mere kissing. 

She was amused to see that the evening had an almost Dickinsonian theme with Scotch eggs, sandwich size beef Wellington, miniature Welsh rarebits and individual plum puddings, among other appropriate things. She was about to stick a Scotch egg into her mouth when Eula came up.

"Holly, dear, you must meet another of our new guests, this is . . ."

"Well, hello to you Alan!"

Eula blinked. "You know each other?"

Holly wrinkled her nose in a grin. "Oh yes, we went to high school together. He spent the entire four years trying to get into my pants."

Alan laughed. "Eula, I spent four years trying to get into her pants without success. Perhaps this is my lucky day?"

Holly lowered her chin and looked at him through her eyelashes. Perhaps the Surrenderone was beginning to take effect because tonight the idea was more appealing than it had been years before. He looked quite handsome in black and white, handsome enough that she felt a tingle grow between her thighs.

"Perhaps it is, Alan. Though Eula, I wasn't the only object of his desire. Quite the would be Lothario was our Alan in those days and there are several of us here tonight. Somehow I'm sure that one or two of us will overcome our previous inhibitions . . ."

The party wore on. The guests commented on the provisions and complimented their hosts on the choice of food and the quality of the wassail and as time passed, just like Cynthia had promised, Holly found each man more attractive than the last. She spoke to each from smaller and smaller distances as the seductive trembling in her thighs increased. "Melting" Cynthia had said and Holly had to admit that melting was just what she felt.

As she raised her cup for another sip a warm hand reached around from behind her, cradled her belly and then began to slowly move up toward her breasts. "You know," Alan whispered in her ear, "I do believe this is my lucky day."

Holly leaned back against him, as much for support for her quivering legs as in submission. She lifted her other arm to let him reach around her from both sides, a quiet smile spreading across her face as the other hand took hold of a full breast and squeezed. Alan fondled and squeezed and ran his finger softly back and forth under her nipples.

"Yes, Alan," she sighed, "it is. How do you want me?"

"I haven't decided, yet, Holly. Right now all I want is to caress you in public, run my hands all over you and claim you for this moment." His right hand descended down over her belly to the smooth cleft between her legs. Gently he stroked her, surprised to find her wetness growing so fast.

He nibbled her earlobe and started a line of slow, sensuous kisses down her neck until she moaned in anticipation.

"Look over there, Holly," Alan continued, "Phillip is raising his cup in a toast to us and Eula is down on her knees unzipping his fly. There's a big bunch of mistletoe hanging over that sofa. Let's go show everyone what it's for. Kneel down and bend over. I always thought your ass was your best feature."

"H—help me walk, Alan," Holly whimpered, "I can hardly stand up. I want you inside me so bad!"

Helped over to the sofa, Holly knelt on the seat and lay her head on the back on crossed arms. She spread her thighs invitingly and then smiled when Alan began to rub his hands all over her buttocks. He stroked her thighs and fingered her sex, now dripping in eagerness. 

"I'm taking you now, Holly. It's been a long wait but I believe it will be worth it. Yes, I'm really going to enjoy this!"

The blunt head of his cock rubbed her labia, swirled around and bit and then plunged inside her.

"Oh!" Holly gave a heartfelt grunt of pleasure. He was so hard! If the Vigorilla did that to him she was definitely going to insist Phil get some. It felt so good going in. And then he began to thrust, growling deep in his throat. Heaven.

Holly raised her head dreamily and looked around. Every woman at the party was being fucked somewhere. Eula was deep throating Phil, Cynthia was held against a wall by Charles' long frame and all of them, all of them were moaning, whimpering, chirping in time to their lovers' efforts. She sighed happily but then as the tension rose began to whimper. Alan seemed to have superhuman endurance and he sent her over the edge and sent her over again. In time the orgasms ran one into the next until she was reduced to a long, quaking, wailing state of ecstasy. Finally, Alan groaned and it was over.

One after another the couples climaxed and came down. Warm damp towels appeared, cleaned up the juices of passion and were discarded. Tuxedos straightened, zippers closed and the recovering men once again poured the wassail and handed it around.

So this was an Amaryllis party? Holly clung to Alan's arm, an unstoppable smile on her face as Eula came by on Phil's arm. "You're a natural, Holly, she purred with a leer, "aren't you glad you came?"

Holly blushed and nodded. 

"And now for the next part," the hostess continued, "You need to get up and circulate, hon. All these delightful men are ready to feel you up and then in about twenty minutes we'll all get it again. I wonder who will do you then."

Holly's eyes widened at the thought. Again? If the next man plundered her like Alan had she was going to be sore in the morning. True, it would be a good hurt but maybe putting her oral skills to work would be better. Phil always told her she gave the best head around though how he actually knew that she never asked.

Turning to Alan she wrinkled her nose in mischief. "Alan, I'm thinking I shouldn't have resisted you so hard. That was fun."

"You really were worth the wait, Holly. Come, let's get another wassail. I can hold it in one hand while I rub your butt with the other."

They were doing just that in front of the fire when Sol came up. "May I cut in?"

Alan bowed slightly and gave Holly a gentle push toward him. "Be my guest. She's delectable; you won't regret it."

Handed from one man to another? Holly felt she should have been shocked or possibly put out but the Surrenderone had a four-hour effect and instead she went into the crook of his left arm and rubbing her breasts against his lapel, reached up and slowly ran her tongue up from his collar to the lobe of his ear.

"You ready so soon, Solly?" she asked, "I thought it would take longer for you guys to recharge."

"Oh, I'm not up to another round, Holly, I just want to get my hands on that luscious body of yours. You have such a fine ass, belly and boobs. I want to take my time appreciating them. I was saying to Phil just now, the four of us ought to get together at our cabin on the lake. Cynthia has already suggested it and now that the ice is broken we can little Amaryllis parties of our own."

"And what did Phil say to that?"

"He said it was a fine idea if it didn't happen too often. Maybe the Spring Equinox or Summer Solstice. But that's some other time. Turn around, dear, I want to spend some quality time groping you, my little present, since I have you unwrapped."

Holly turned. Most of the group was already engaged, women being fondled and watching their husbands fondling other women. She turned her back on him, raised her arms and leaned back to hold his head as he began, as Alan had, to squeeze and titillate. The heat returned to her belly, her thighs started once again to melt. Sol wanted her. She wanted him to want her, to use her, to enjoy her. Standing naked with his evening wear rubbed against her back, his French cuffs slightly scratchy as his hands roved all over her, she thought Cynthia was right. It felt wonderful being so compliant, so submissive, a vessel for a man's pleasure.

The women were handed from one admiring, ardent man to another until finally Holly found herself in Charles Bankson's big hands. The contrast between those dark hands and her pale body gave an added frisson to the experience. 

"I'm taking you into one of the guest bedrooms, Holly," he murmured, "Sex on the furniture is all very well but nothing beats a bed for bedding."

He lifted her off the ground, threw her over one shoulder and carried her up the stairs to the laughter and cheers of the rest of the group. Holly was thrilled. Phil hadn't been able to do that since their first was born and being so overpowered was delicious. However much she loved her husband, playing with other men had turned out to be a lot more interesting than she suspected. The next time someone suggested an Amaryllis party she was bang alongside. How would her host have her, she wondered?

Charles tossed her onto the bed and as he started to undress growled, "On your belly, girl!"

Rolling face down, Holly let her mouth fall open and her tongue fall out slightly over her lower lip. She turned her head to watch the big man emerge from his tuxedo. Like his hair and beard, Bankson's chest hair was iron gray and tightly curled. Once naked his Vigorilla enhanced manhood was impressive.

Another pike staff stiff cock! Holly thought, I'm really getting it tonight. I wonder how long he'll pound me. Phil really needs a supply of that stuff and I need more Surrenderone.

Straddling his lover and leaning forward on one elbow, Charles ran his phallus up and down the cleft of her ass before pushing it down and thrusting hard into her wet, puffy pussy. Again, Holly moaned as the dance of lust began. The bed creaked and sproinged as they bounced in tandem. Grunts and moans, wails, snarls and cries bounced off the walls to be met by more of the same coming up from the room below. The chemically driven orgy continued for half an hour before, one by one, each rutting couple climaxed and collapsed together. Charles and Holly were among the last to surface, he once again immaculate and she dreamily euphoric and clinging to his arm.
