 As soon as the bus arrived in town we rushed off and into the shopping prescient (or shopping mall if you call it that). It was also quite empty and Amanda and I rushed towards the toilets instead of the changing rooms. 

"Right, what one do we go in, men's or women's?" I asked.

"Lets go in the baby changing room, there's a lock on the door."

We went in and I locked the door behind me. I hadn't even turned around when Amanda was on her knees wrestling my cock out of my zip. As soon as my flaccid cock was released she sucked it all the way down to my balls until it was quickly hard. 

When happy with the hardness of my prick she stood up and bent herself over a large side with a sink and 2 baby changing stations sort of things.

She pulled her thong down to around her knees and I wasted no time in thrusting my cock into her very wet cunt. I banged away as she was almost coming straight away.

"Mmmhhh...oohhhhh...ahhhhhh....ahhhhh...ahhhhhh, don't stop!"

I fucked her used pussy hard until she bucked her hips and unleashed several prolonged cries of ecstasy. I wasn't finished with her cunt so I carried on banging away.

For about 10 minutes I was fucking Amanda's cunt and she had come another two times, she was out of breath and pretty fucked out. I kept going though as I could feel I wasn't far either. I kept pumping in and out and soon enough I flooded her cunt with my cum. I pulled out and stepped back as she washed my cock with her mouth. 

"I needed that," she smiled. 

She cleaned herself up and we both cautiously left in case security was waiting outside, they weren't.

When we got back to Amanda's house, it was 7pm. She had spent about £400 all on sexy stuff. She'd brought herself lots of very sexy bra's and thongs, about 8 different pairs of stockings, 4 pairs of leather knee high boots and heels, several miniskirts, several very slutty tops and we went to a little sex shop that did almost any sex item you could want. 

Amanda had bought a tight rubber black dress, a leather Basque with black rubber stockings and black rubber gloves an enormous 12" black dildo! She had also gotten a French maid outfit and a nurse outfit too! 

When we got in I sat down whilst she rummaged through her bags.

"Ah found it!" she shouted.

"Found what?"

"This..."

With that she pulled out a 10" inch strap-on!

"Don't you think your using that on me!", I laughed, "So, what is it with the strap-on?"

"Mmh, oh yeah, well you'll find out soon enough."

"What does that mean?"

"It means what it means", she grinned.

A few hours later, we was watching television when there was a knock on the door. I thought to myself that I hope it wasn't her sister Carrie.

"Shall I hide?"

"Don't worry, I know who it is."

She opened the door and I could hear another girl's voice. Amanda walked in with her other best friend Claire. I had known Claire since we were 15. We were friends but never got together, apparently she used to fancy me too. I hadn't seen her for about a year, Emma saw her often as all 3 usually hung out together. She had short brown hair, brown eyes, probably about 5'10", curvy and was pretty. 

We said hi and talked about what we had each been up to. I noticed that she had lost a bit of weight since I last saw her. She was wearing a pair of jeans and a tank top which showed off her large breasts. I had fancied Claire also, but we became friends rather than a couple, which is something I think we both regretted. 

When Claire went to the loo I asked Amanda if Claire was suspicious of me being there. 

"Oh no, I invited Claire round, and Emma had told Claire that you would probably pop round to see me anyway, so don't worry."

I had noticed that Claire brought a bag round but had taken it upstairs when she went to the toilet.

"Why did she take that big bag with her to the toilet?" I inquired.

"She's sleeping tonight."

Fair enough I thought. Something I should of mentioned earlier is that I had had about 5 cans of beer by now and I noticed that Amanda was keeping me supplied with beer, I felt myself getting a little tipsy.

"Right, I'll be back in a minute", and with that Amanda went upstairs. I sat there watching TV and drinking beer for about 20 minutes. I heard a pair of footsteps in which sounded like heels coming down the stairs. I turned and my eyeballs almost rolled out of their sockets!

Claire was stood in the doorway wearing thigh high leather boots, a micro miniskirt, and a Basque which pushed her big tits up and made them look great. 

"Claire!?" was all I could manage to say.

"I've heard all about you and Amanda, and I decided that I wanted a piece of that thick cock of yours too."

I couldn't believe my luck! She looked amazing, my cock was up faster than you can say 'fuck me'! Claire casually strolled over and ordered me to strip. I pulled my top off and pulled my jeans down. My boxers looked like a tent! She knelt down and eased my shorts down which allowed my prick to spring out.

"Mmmhhh, that is thick", she said as she slowly stroked my throbbing cock. As she slowly ran her hand up and down my shaft, I didn't notice Amanda stood in the doorway. She was wearing a pair of knee high black boots and fishnet stockings, and nothing else.

She walked over and knelt next to Claire, they both smiled at each other and Claire placed her mouth around the tip of my cock and slowly sucked it. Amanda ran her tongue down my shaft and started to lick my clean shaven balls.

Claire was giving really good head and with Amanda licking and groping my balls, I was battling not to cum. It proved too hard and I moaned that I was close to coming. Claire just kept sucking and I unleashed a torrent of cum into her mouth. She looked up at me and opened her mouth to show me my spunk swirling around in her mouth and running down her chin. 

Amanda came up and licked Claire's chin and the two passionately snogged as I watched my cum swap around in their mouths, and run down their faces. After they had licked and swallowed all of my cum, Claire told me to sit on the couch.

As I did so, Claire knelt between my legs and started to suck my cock like a vacuum cleaner. Amanda walked into the hallway and was fiddling with something on the stairs. I was too interested in Claire sucking my cock than seeing what Amanda was doing though.

I watched Claire's head bob up and down on my cock when Amanda walked back in the room wearing the 10 inch strap-on. She knelt behind Claire as she was quite exposed from behind while she was sucking my cock. Amanda pulled up Claire's miniskirt and pulled her thong down to her knees. Claire reached around and pulled her ass cheeks apart to allow Amanda to ease the strap-on into her pussy.

"Oooohhhhhhhh!" Claire moaned as Amanda pushed the 10" strap-on into her cunt. Amanda slapped her ass and told her to take it. Amanda was buried half way in with it and began to push in and out. The strap-on was black so I could see the glistening of Claire's pussy juices' as Amanda began fucking her.

Claire was really enjoying it as her moaning was muffled by my cock in her mouth. As Amanda fucked Claire harder, she sucked on my dick harder in response. 

This went on for a good 5 minutes, and Claire was getting a real shafting from Amanda who was showing no mercy! The whole 10 inches slid in and out of Claire's cunt and she was sucking my dick so hard I came for the fourth time that day! I pumped my load straight in Claire's mouth and she swallowed it all without stopping. After I had come she was still sucking my cock like before so my cock didn't even get a breather. Claire herself had come over and over again at the hands of Amanda's strap-on.

Amanda then pulled the length out of Claire's pussy. She pulled Claire off my cock and onto her feet. She turned Claire towards her, so Claire's back was facing me. With that Claire sat back and plunged herself onto my cock. She was very wet and loose, it was lucky that my cock was thick otherwise I wouldn't of touched the sides of her cunt thanks to that strap-on.

Claire started to grind away while Amanda knelt down in front of us. I then felt a familiar tongue start running from the base of my cock up to Claire's pussy. I obviously couldn't see the spectacle myself but I guess it must have been a real sight of Amanda licking Claire's pussy juices which were running down my shaft.

Claire started to moan incredibly loud and I could only guess that Amanda was licking her clit. As this was happening I had reached round and was now playing with Claire's big breasts as they bounced in all directions as she pounded away on my cock.

She was soon overcome with intense pleasure and came again with a loud scream.

"My turn", I heard Amanda say.

Claire slowly stood up and my cock plopped out of her cunt with a loud wet noise.

Amanda turned to me and straddled my cock, her pussy wet with excitement but still tight. I looked behind her and saw Claire had put the strap-on on. She came up behind Amanda and started to rub it against her asshole. 

Amanda then squealed in pleasure and pain as Claire thumped it into her tight anus. I reached round and held Amanda's ass cheeks apart so Claire could bury the dildo deeper and deeper into her ass. 

This went on for quite a while, Amanda was screaming in pleasure throughout. I couldn't believe my luck, I was fucking my girlfriends' best friends, both who'd I'd had fantasies about no end of times.

I sucked away on Amanda's pink nipples whilst she got both of her holes filled.

Amanda eventually climbed off my cock and I moaned a sigh of relief as my cock was beginning to get a little sensitive on the account I had came four times already that day.

I remained sat on the couch as Claire removed the strap-on. 

Claire knelt on the floor and leant over the couch, "eat my cunt Amanda" Claire ordered. I watched as Amanda leant forward and lapped away at Claire's cunt. Claire was only inches away from me, so she leant over and took my cock in her mouth again.

"Oh yeah," I moaned, "suck Amanda's cunt juices of my cock!"

"Craig", Claire looked up at me, "fuck me in the ass like you have done with Amanda, be careful, its my first time."

I stood up and knelt behind Claire, I ordered Amanda to lick Claire's ass, I wanted to see Amanda give Claire a good rimming. 

When I was satisfied, I pulled Amanda's head away and pushed my cock back into Claire's sopping cunt. I needed lubricant so I used her cunt juices, she was so unbelievably wet. I pulled out my rigid cock and then scooped my fingers into her cunt.

I smeared her juices over her asshole and slid my middle finger in.

"Ahh." Claire silently moaned. Amanda watched with a big smile across her face.

I slid a second finger in, which was met by a heavier moan than the last. I finally slid a third finger inside her anus and began to slowly finger her ass.

"Ahh, ohh my God, ahh"

I aligned my penis with her ass and pushed myself against her ass, the head of my cock easily forced its way into Claire's virgin ass.

"OH MY GOD, AHHH,OHHH,OH FUCK PLEASE BE GENTLE!"

I wanted to bury my length inside that ass I had so often stared at when I was younger. I was half way in when I could not go much further, I would need to fuck her ass a bit more perhaps.

I withdrew only to slide back in again, backwards and forwards I slid in and out of her amazingly tight anus. 

"AHHH,OH FUCK,OH FUCK, OH CRAIG MY ASS!" 

Little by little, her anus allowed me in further so I sped up my rhythm and fucked her tight little asshole. I grabbed a hold of her hips and began to fuck her that little bit harder.

Before long I was giving her ass a good hard banging.

"OHHH FUCK,OH FUCK,IT'S SO SORE,AHHH,AHHH!"

Every now and then my cock would plop out of her ass and Amanda was there on hand to give it a quick suck before feeding it back into her deflowered ass. Even though her ass was allowing me to violate it, it was still incredibly tight, much tighter than Amanda's. this fact only resulted in me realising I was going to come again.

"Oh fuck", I moaned, "Claire, I'm gonna come!"

"AHHH,OH GOG, COME IN MY ASS CRAIG,I WANT TO FEEL YOU COME IN MY ASS!"

I banged away until I felt that familiar feeling and shot my cum into Claire's deflowered ass. 

I was incredibly exhausted and pulled my soon-to-be-flaccid cock from Claire's ass. As I withdrew I was amazed to see how much cum came pouring from Claire's stretched asshole.

"I'll deal with that", Amanda smiled.

I watched amazed as Amanda started to lap away at my cum trickling from Claire's ass. She was such a dirty fucking whore I loved it, watching this spectacle was such a turn on, I couldn't help but position myself behind Amanda and thrust my cock into her asshole.

The night didn't stop there, but I knew that the 2 weeks my girlfriend was on holiday would soon be over.

*

If you liked or disliked the story or have any suggestions please comment or send feedback as it is really appreciated. I will always try to respond to all of them, good or bad. Thanks.

THIS STORY IS FICTION. Any resemblance to actual people or events is purely coincidental.