 I had met them on a Sunday afternoon when they showed up at my fraternity house with a boyfriend who wanted to buy pot. They looked like twins with their long blonde hair, big brown eyes, small upturned noses, thin lips, small breasts, slender waists, narrow hips and long legs. The four of us went upstairs to my room and smoked a joint, mostly so he could make sure of what he was getting but also because I just felt like catching a buzz with them. The one without a boyfriend kept her gaze on me the whole time, and from the look in her eyes I could tell she wanted me. Too bad, I thought, because they looked like high school girls, jail bait for sure. We finished the joint, the boyfriend and I concluded our business, and they left. As I watched their cute little asses sashay away, I figured I would never see them again.

Imagine my surprise, then, when they showed up at the house several months later, this time on a Friday night and without the boyfriend. I was sitting at my plain wooden student desk, listening to Jefferson Airplane on an old monaural record player as I rolled joints in anticipation of doing some good business that weekend, when I heard a knock. "Hey, Beard," said a pledge as he stuck his head in my room, "there's two chicks here to see you, man." And as he stepped out, they stepped in.

I recognized them right away, but they looked older than before. One was wearing red corduroy bellbottoms and the other had on a white miniskirt with white knee-high vinyl boots. Both sported thin T-shirts festooned with peace symbols of various sizes and colors. Neither was wearing a bra, and despite the dim light cast by the naked 40-watt bulb in the ceiling, their hard little nipples were clearly outlined through the cotton material.

"Hello, ladies," I said. "What brings you by the house tonight?"

They stood in the doorway and looked at each other for a second or two. Then the one in boots said, a bit hesitantly, "We wanna get high."

"Yeah," said the one in bellbottoms. "Really, really high." And they both looked at each other again and giggled nervously.

"Well," I said, "you've come to the right place. How much dope did you want to buy?"

Again they looked at each other and giggled. After another nervous pause, Bellbottoms said, "We were hoping we could like, you know, just share a joint with you."

"Yeah," said Boots, "like we did before." And then, with a mischievous little smile, she added, "My friend thinks you're cute." 

Bellbottoms blushed but she didn't say anything, and that's when I realized that she was the one who had been making eyes at me before. "What about you?" I asked Boots.

Now it was her turn to blush. "She thinks you're cute, too," said Bellbottoms, "we both do." And they giggled again.

At first, I didn't know what to say. Could it be, I wondered, that these two nubile young women were offering me sex in exchange for drugs? True, they weren't exactly my type; I prefer big breasted redheads with enough money to buy their own pot. But they were cute enough to make me want them, and they certainly weren't asking for a lot of dope – at least not yet -- and so I began to wonder how this scenario might play out. At last I concluded, what the hell, this is the dawning of the Age of Aquarius, and what promised to transpire here in my room was, quite possibly, a golden living dream of vision, a mystic crystal revelation, if ever there was one. And so I said, as nonchalantly as I could manage, "Well, then, ladies, shut the door and have a seat!"

The only place to sit in that small room, other than the wooden desk chair I occupied, was an unmade double bed. As they made their way in, I got up and straightened the covers. Then I motioned for Boots to sit in the chair and for Bellbottoms to sit on the bed. I plopped down next to her and in front of Boots, within easy reach of the desk. "This will work better if I sit here," I said, not bothering to explain what I meant by "this." 

I reached for my Zippo and one of the freshly rolled joints, and in no time the three of us were happily getting stoned. Between tokes, I learned as much about them as I cared to know. They were best friends who had just graduated from the local high school, turned 18, and enrolled in the university, and now they roomed together in the same freshman dorm I had lived in three years earlier. Boots' boyfriend had joined the Navy, leaving her in dry dock, while Bellbottoms had never had a steady guy because "high school boys are jerks," as she put it.

The Airplane album finished playing, so I got up to replace it with Iron Butterfly. Then I fired up another joint and handed it to Bellbottoms. When I sat down, I deliberately edged up against her so we were sitting hip to hip, shoulder to shoulder. She giggled and smiled; more importantly, she did not pull away. I could tell that the weed was beginning to affect her. Her big brown eyes were starting to squint, but they had a smoldering look in them. Her lips seemed a little thicker, and her breathing a little heavier. As I passed the joint to Boots, whose eyes were beginning to glaze over, I put my arm around Bellbottoms and kissed her.

After a second or two she giggled and pulled back, but just a tad. When I pulled her close to me for a second kiss, she didn't back away at all. Soon we were making out passionately. I put one hand up her shirt and stroked her back while my other hand petted her thigh. She wrapped both arms around my neck and, with eyes closed, pressed her lips tightly against mine. Gently, I pushed her down onto the bed so that we were lying side by side. My hand moved from her thigh to her breast, and she sighed as I tweaked and caressed her nipple. When I slid my hand inside her bellbottoms, she parted her legs enough for my finger to find her clitoris. She squirmed and cooed while I rubbed her nub, and offered no resistance as I eased her out of her pants. Soon we were both naked, with me on top and the swollen glans of my penis pressed hard against her outer labia. Those sweet lips kissed my stiff cock invitingly, as if pleading for it to part them.

At first, I thought she might be a virgin, as my initial thrust managed to penetrate her only about an inch, and that with some difficulty. But she loosened up after a few more shoves and before long my pecker was buried in her pussy. I fucked her slowly, occasionally pulling out so as to tease her by rubbing my glans against her clit. She gasped each time I did so and grabbed my ass cheeks with both hands, as if to pull me as deep inside her eager little snatch as possible. She moaned as my cock worked its way in and out of her tight cunt, softly at first but then louder as our lovemaking became more heated. Each time I thrust in, my balls slapped against her bottom and her wet pussy made a slurping sound, like a greedy mouth trying to suck in a tasty morsel. Harder and harder we humped, until at last I felt my orgasm building inside me. Her tight twat felt so incredibly good, stretched as it was around my swollen cock, that I just wanted to fill it with the hot seed boiling up from my scrotum, consequences be damned. But, instead, I did the right thing: at the last possible second, I pulled out, rocked back on my haunches, and spurted gobs of thick sperm all over her belly.

And that's when I realized that Boots had been watching us the whole time. She gasped as I finished cumming, and when I turned to look in her direction I could see that she was staring at the puddle of goo on her friend's belly. Her face was flushed, her eyes were wide with wonder, and her mouth gaped in astonishment. "Omigosh, you guys," she blurted, "that was outta sight!"

"So you dig that primo weed, huh?" I said, knowing full well that wasn't what she was talking about at all.

"No," she stammered, the joint dangling from her hand as if she were about to drop it, "I mean, you know, watching you two ... do it, you know, watching your ... thing go in and out of her ... thing, it was, like, outta sight!"

By now Bellbottoms had roused enough from the afterglow of her orgasm to catch on to the conversation her friend and I were having. "Geez, Annie," she muttered, "you mean you just sat there the whole time and, like, watched him screw me?"

"Well, yeah, Janny, what was I supposed to do? Join in?" And then she stared at my penis with a hungry look in her eyes. I had flipped onto my back beside Bellbottoms, our naked asses touching. My prick, still as stiff as a flagpole, glistened from the mucus her cunt had just waxed it in, and it wagged at Boots as if hoping to hypnotize her into aligning her Venus with my Mars. 

"Why not?" I responded, even though the question was rhetorical and hadn't been posed to me. I got out of bed and, with an exaggerated gesture, motioned for Boots to take my place. She glanced hesitatingly at Bellbottoms and then, with a shrug and a giggle, she laid down the joint, stripped off her clothes and jumped naked into bed next to her equally naked friend.

What a heavenly spectacle! Two stoned chicks were sprawled lewdly across my bed, their creamy skin accented by pink nipples and flaxen down. Bellbottoms' freshly fucked cunt glowed rosy red, while Boots' inner labia, damp with desire, peaked coyly through wispy curls. As I admired the feminine charms so fully exposed to my view, I realized that my own nakedness was on full display as well. I'm no Adonis, but years of playing sports have given me a muscular physique, and past girlfriends have made it clear that my cock and balls are as well formed as anyone's. And so I stood there, ogling and being ogled, my erection throbbing and ready for more action, when Boots cupped her hands behind her head and grunted, in a voice raspy with lust, "What are you waiting for?"

In a flash I was on her. My dick slipped easily into her wet cunt, and in no time I was fucking her with long, steady strokes. Unlike her friend, Boots knew what to do with a hard cock between her legs. She hooked her feet behind my ass and spurred me into her, throwing her pelvis up to meet my every thrust with perfect timing. I banged her so hard the headboard began thumping into the wall, and for a second I thought the dilapidated bedframe might collapse under the weight of our three naked bodies. Judging from her moans, I made her cum several times before I felt the hot seed boiling in my balls again, but again I managed to pull out just in time to cover her belly with hot, sticky sperm.

Marijuana is an aphrodisiac, and sometimes it gives me an erection so hard that no amount of cumming will make it go down. Even better, sometimes marijuana gives my sex partner an itching clit and a burning twat that can be quenched only by hours of hot, sweaty sex. As luck would have it, tonight was one of those times, for me and my two blonde wantons. The three of us spent the rest of the night smoking and screwing as I took them in turns. After I ploughed them both twice, I rolled onto my back and let them ride me to their hearts' content. Drained of sperm, there was no danger of me cumming, so they were free to climax over and over again, collapsing confusedly on my chest before crawling off to be replaced by the other. It was a living dream of vision to watch golden tresses flounce and little titties bounce as their creaming pussies bobbed on my prick of steel. At one point, Boots mounted up so that her ass was facing me, and I was treated to the delicious sight of her puckered brown anus winking at me while her pussy lips stretched around the girth of my cock and slithered up and down its length. 

After hours of dope and debauchery, the hot teen twats at last got their fill of my dick. They snuggled against me, four hard little nipples poking like bullets into my sides. Giggling, they took turns stroking my cock and fondling my balls while I returned the favor by diddling their cunts. They wriggled and came on my fingers as my penis erupted one last time, gushing sticky white lava all over their hands. I kissed them both good night and fell asleep between their warm naked bodies, my mystic crystal revelation complete.