 Chapter 01: Opening the Door

"I'll miss you." Wendy's lips pouted as she pulled herself closer to her husband.

Mark pulled her tiny frame tightly to his gently putting his lips to hers, "I'll miss you too."

Once Mark made his exit, Wendy sat on the couch with mixed emotion. Mark's new job had him travelling across the world for another three weeks. There was a lot of expansion taking place at his company which resulted in him travelling offshore to strengthen relationships with new supply chains. After his last trip, Mark was made the Vice President of Business Development; it was a position he had been groomed for over the past eight years. The money and bonus options put Mark and Wendy into a lifestyle they had never been accustomed to.

A couple weeks had passed and Wendy was settling into bed for the night; she was lonely and in need of serious distraction. Wendy reached into her night stand and pulled her magic bullet out placing it beside her on the bed. As she typed into her iPad, the website she searched for auto-populated. Clicking on a video, she adjusted her pillow and propped the iPad up against her blanket. 

The video created a gentle glow over Wendy's bare breasts. As she watched, her hand delicately squeezed her left breasts letting her index finger dance across her nipple causing it to stiffen. She watched intently as a tiny blonde in pigtails struggled to but the head of a giant cock in her mouth. The actress stroked the thick shaft wildly as she struggled to take more of him in her mouth.

Wendy's mind thought about sucking Mark's cock. It was beautiful and he was very skilled with it. In her mind it was her sucking Mark's cock on the video. She closed her eyes remembering his smell, the taste of his delicious cock and the guttural groan when he would explode in her mouth. 

Reaching over she clicked on the bullet and pressed it against her most sensitive of parts; it only took a moment for tremors to slowly wash over her body until her hips began to convulse wildly. Her heart beat wildly in her chest as she pressed a hand against herself to calm her sensitive pussy. The actress on the screen was now bent over a couch and was being taken from behind wildly; the huge cock was buried inside her with every thrust. Wendy pressed two fingers into her wetness and began working them deeply inside her; she imagined what a big cock like that would feel like. After another orgasm, Wendy returned her toy to the night stand and turned off her iPad calling it a night.

Wendy awoke to the buzz of her phone and excitedly answered, "Hi Sweetie".

"Hi Beautiful; did I wake you?" Mark's face filled the screen.

"I was awake, waiting patiently for your call." Wendy smiled into the screen, "Only 4 more days."

Mark frowned, "My trip needs to be extended; we've had some setbacks that need to be dealt with."

"Oh no!" Wendy couldn't hide her disappointment, "How much longer?"

"You aren't going to like the answer, but it's going to be another two weeks before I can get back."

After a long silence, Wendy spoke, "I understand".

"I have an idea!" Mark's voice trying to be chipper, "Go on a date!"

"What?" Wendy struggled to ensure she understood, "Date? You want me to date someone?"

Mark laughed, "Yeah, you are a beautiful young woman who shouldn't be stuck at home because I'm on the road."

"I just don't understand you." Wendy shook her head slightly in disbelief.

"What don't you understand?" Mark laughed, "We've both played with others together; I'm just suggesting that maybe it would be okay to play apart too given the situation."

"Let me get this straight; I can meet someone and date them until you get back? What happens when you get back?"

Mark laughed, "It's not about getting into a relationship; it's about filling a void. You have needs and you shouldn't have to put them on hold because I'm away."

"Are you going to find someone to fill your needs?" Wendy probed.

His voice went serious, "I'm not going to say I wouldn't like to, but I'm really more concerned your needs."

"Well, I'm only doing this if you are." Her words were matter of fact. "If we are going to play separate too, we both have to do it."

"Okay." Mark's response was quiet. "Ground rules?"

Wendy began rattling them off, "No falling in love. It's just physical. Don't be getting diseases or knocking anyone up!"

Mark chuckled, "Wow, that list was waiting to come out, wasn't it?"

"What about your rules?" 

"My rules?" Mark's voice seemed puzzled, "I'm good with your rules."

"Nothing specific for me?" Wendy probed deeper

"Like what?"

Wendy blurted her response, "Like anything? Don't do this or that?"

"Just be safe and don't get into any situation you aren't comfortable with." Mark smiled, "I trust your judgement completely."

Wendy laughed, "Fool. I'm kidding. Are we really doing this?"

"I think we should." 

"Okay then it's settled." Wendy's voice was nervous, "Do we follow the 'don't kiss don't tell' or' full exposure' rule?"

Mark laughed, "Entirely your choice."

"I don't want to know." Wendy's decision was very clear.

"Okay, we are not going to kiss and tell."

The conversation changed abruptly as they spoke about their plans over the next day or two before bringing the call to an end.

Focusing on work was next to impossible; Wendy found herself replaying the conversation with Mark as she folded and sorted clothing. As the day went on she found herself thinking of ways to meet someone; she had been married long enough to lose track of the dating game.

She had only been married for six years, but she felt like they had been married forever. Mark was everything she had dreamed of and six years later, he was still that man. If Mark set his mind to something, he wouldn't stop until he got it. 

Wendy's mind went back to the first time Mark had taken her to a swinger's club he found online. He was highly inquisitive and experimental which thankfully was something they shared in common. She recalled starting the night out nervous which was quickly followed by intrigue, arousal and ended with a stranger bringing her to an earth shattering climax. When Mark was home, the club was a regular Saturday night out. Wendy let out an audible "hmm" as she realized the answer to her question, she would go as a unicorn to the club. It was Tuesday and Saturday seemed to be a lifetime away.

That night, Wendy began surfing and decided to check out the theme for the club. Mark usually did most of the arrangements on the site, so she wasn't completely familiar with the layout. A tab labelled 'Clubs" caught her eye and she clicked it.

The club at the top was the one that she always went to with Mark; there were others, but they were somewhat out of the range she was willing to travel. Wendy was surprised to see the club had events every day of the week. For some reason, she had assumed the club was a weekend only thing.

As she looked through the events she noticed events for everyday of the week; there were afternoon delights each day, Tuesday's were for Bi people, Wicked Wednesday was S&M, Threesome Thursdays and Friday allowed single men in the club. Most importantly single women were not only welcome anytime; they got in free of charge.

After a lot of consideration, she decided to jump in the shower and get herself ready for the club. Although she wouldn't describe herself as bi, she was open minded depending on the individual. At this point, she really just needed to get out and blow off some steam.

In the interest of time, she skipped washing her hair and focused on giving herself a clean shave and a thorough wash down. She examined herself in the mirror as she towelled off feeling confident in her appearance; thirty years old and she still had the same build from when she was twenty. Her hands found her ample breasts that stood proudly on her chest defying gravity; in her tiny hands, her 32D breasts seemed enormous. 

"Focus!" Wendy called out to herself as caught herself day dreaming as she massaged her breasts.

She opted to leave her long brown hair down for the evening and gave it a nice brushing to remove the kinks of the day before heading to the closet to select a dress. After careful consideration she opted to wear the dress that Mark loved the most. The dress was tight fitting and came down to her mid-thigh; the front plunged to her belly button with the silky material tying behind her neck exposing her back. After adjusting the fabric over her breasts she stepped into a pair of crimson open toe heels. It was ten o'clock and the party should be well underway. Wendy grabbed her keys and headed out the door.

Immediately upon entering the club the host smiled, "What a surprise to see you here during the week."

Grey stepped around the counter and helped remove her coat, "Is Mark parking the car?"

Wendy smiled, "Nope, he's away on business and I need to get out and have some fun."

Grey smiled widely; he was in his early fifties and was a genuinely friendly person. He co-hosted the club with his wife Janice, "You've come to the right place! Get in there and have some fun."

Wendy made her way through the club watching for anyone else she may know as she made her way to the lockers in the play area. As she locked her purse and keys she glanced around the play area to see two people tangled together in the dim lit room. She loved to watch people almost as much as she enjoyed playing herself and decided to do a tour of the room before heading out to the dance area.

As she neared the couple she could see the person on top sucking hungrily on a hard cock. The person on top lifted their head and smiled at Wendy. She tried to hide the fact that it was two men enjoying each other. She smiled back before slowly making her way out to the dance floor. 

With the exception of the activity taking place in the back, it really looked like a normal Saturday night event. Women were always playing with each other, so there wasn't anything out of the norm happening on the dance floor. As she danced her way on to the floor, she playfully bumped her hip against a few people to make room for herself.

After a few minutes of freeing the strains of the day through dance a tall man made his way in front of her with some fancy foot work causing her to laugh. He smiled down at her, "Hi there."

Wendy looked up and smiled, "Hi."

Leaning down he put his mouth to her ear so she could hear over the music, "I'm Kevin."

"I'm Wendy!" She watched as he pulled away quickly due to how loud she spoke into his ear. "I'm sorry!"

He just smiled with his face in front of hers, "You have some lungs on you don't you?"

Wendy shrugged, "Sorry" and proceeded to give him her cute expression.

"I forgive you." Kevin smiled. "Who are you here with?"

Wendy beamed, "Tonight, I'm the elusive unicorn!"

"Damn!" Kevin beamed back, "It's my lucky night!"

"Maybe." Wendy smiled, "Maybe it will be your lucky night."

"Ouch! What's a guy gotta to do to improve his odds?" Kevin smiled down mischievously.

"Shut up and keep being cute!" Wendy put her arms around his neck and danced closer to him.

They danced to the endless music with one song blending into the next until the heat of the dance floor became unbearable. Kevin looked down at Wendy, "Do you need a drink as much as I do?"

Wendy nodded and without hesitation, Kevin took her hand and guided her across the floor towards the bar area.

"What are you having?" Kevin eyed her up hungrily.

Pretending not to notice, Wendy smiled, "Red wine please."

As they stood at the bar, Kevin took the opportunity to put his arm around her waist; resting it on her hip he pulled her gently towards him, "You are gorgeous."

"Thank you," Wendy had to crank her head up to make eye contact from this vantage point, "You aren't bad yourself." She nuzzled her body against him playfully.

"Who are you here with?" Wendy spun around to look up at Kevin who immediately put his other arm around her; his big hands slowly crept towards her ass.

"A friend of mine brought me." Kevin smiled.

"A friend?" 

"Yeah a buddy of mine said this place was a lot of fun and invited me to come check it out." Kevin stared down at the petite woman in his arms. She had long dark brown hair and the greenest eyes. Her gaze made him feel like she was looking into his soul; she was stunning. He took the opportunity to slide his hands down over her ass cheeks and pulled her closer. "I need to kiss you."

Wendy smiled up, "Are you waiting for an invitation?"

Their lips embraced gently at first until the passion took over them. Kevin's big hands pawed at her body pulling her tight to him. His tongue probed her delicate mouth until she slowly began to suck it. Wendy's heart beat wildly in her chest as she surrendered her body to this brawny stranger. When their kiss broke they stared into each other's eyes lustfully for a moment before Wendy spoke, "Why don't we find a seat somewhere?"

Kevin looked around and finally pointed to a place that only he could see as a result of his 6'4" height, "There's a spot over there." Grabbing his beer off the bar he took Wendy's free hand and made his way through to a booth with a view of the dance floor. Wendy slid in and Kevin slid in beside her.

"Cozy?" Wendy smiled.

"Very." Kevin leaned in and their lips connected setting off the fire that had not been doused. 

When Kevin broke their kiss, he began making his way across her face hungrily towards her ear. The feel of his facial hair on her soft cheek sent shivers down her spine. When his mouth attacked her neck, goose flesh exploded over her entire body. 

Kevin couldn't get enough of her delicate flesh, kissing, sucking and nibbling the delicate flesh behind her ear and the back of her neck. He took the opportunity to inch his hand slowly up her thigh pushing her dress up as he did. With his free hand he held a handful of her thick hair. He could feel her begin to quiver as he neared her delicate area. Pulling her head back he put his face to hers and devoured her mouth at the same time his hand pressed against her bare pussy.

Wendy moaned into Kevin's mouth as his fingers danced in her wetness. His fingers toyed delicately with her lips until they found what they were looking for. "Fuuuuuck!" Wendy threw her head back as Kevin slowly worked two fingers inside her.

"You needed this, didn't' you beautiful?" Kevin's hot breath danced at her ear as he spoke.

Wendy could only purr her content.

"Let me so those big titties you've been pushing against me all night." Kevin kissed at her ear lobe.

Wendy pulled the deep plunging material of her dress to the sides exposing both her breasts.

"Damn, those are some big beautiful titties." 

Wendy had slid down hanging her pussy over the edge of the bench giving Kevin the best possible access to her that she could. Her legs quivered unstoppably as he pounded his fingers inside her slapping at her clit with every thrust. When he sucked her nipple in his mouth, she was finished. Throwing her head back she couldn't contain herself, "I'm cumming!" She tried to maintain some composure, but it was too much and her pussy exploded gushing her lady juices all over Kevin's hand before puddling on the floor under the table.

"Please!" Wendy stared down at Kevin who was still sucking and licking her breast. "Please! I need a break."

"We were just starting to have some fun." Kevin sat up and slowly removed his slickened fingers from her tiny pussy. "You aren't done with me are you?"

Wendy smiled, "Oh hell no! Just a break and I'll see if I can make you feel as good as you did me." She took the opportunity to cover her breasts and fix her dress as she reseated herself on the bench. "You have a very talented mouth and hands."

Kevin just smiled, "You just wait until I put my mouth on that little pussy!" He leaned in and kissed her again, "I want to fuck you so hard you won't be able to walk."

Wendy smiled as they kissed, "Think you have that in you?"

He just smiled, "I've got just the weapon to break a tiny little thing like you."

Wendy put a hand on his lap, "Am I getting close to that weapon?"

Kevin reached down and relocated her hand to rest on his swollen cock. It was thick and stretching down his pant leg enough for Wendy to realize she may have bit off more than she could chew.

"There you are." Dominic slid in the booth across from them.

"Wendy, this is my friend Dominic I was telling you about." Kevin gestured towards the man across from them. He was nothing like Kevin's build; he was very fit, but slender and clean shaven.

"Nice to meet you Wendy." Dominic's blue eyes flickered as he reached across the table and shook her hand. "I wasn't sure if you left without me Kev but now I know why you disappeared."

Kevin shrugged, gestured at Wendy and smiled coyly, "I found a unicorn."

"You two seem to be having your own party, so I will leave you to it. Nice meeting you Wendy." Dominic got up and disappeared.

"Where were we?" Kevin placed his hand over hers and put it back on his swollen cock, "it was about here wasn't it?"

Wendy stared at him, "That fucking thing is huge! There is no way I can take that thing."

"Relax beautiful, let's just take it slow and see where we get to okay?" Kevin smiled at her and gave her neck another kiss. "Best case, you get that pussy fucked, worst case, we play and get each other off in other ways. From my perspective, we can't lose."

Wendy smiled and kissed him.

"What do you say we go to the backroom and I can introduce you properly? Maybe he'll seem less intimidating when you see him in person." Kevin laughed and stood up not waiting for her response. When he held his hand out she took it and that is all he needed to know.

Wendy grabbed a couple towels from the shelf and began to undress.

"What do you think you are doing?" Kevin put his hand on hers to stop her progress. "You are keeping that outfit on beautiful."

Kevin proceeded to open a locker and pull his golf shirt over his head. His shoes followed and Wendy watched in anticipation as he undid the belt of his pants.

"Like what you see?" Kevin chided her and turned as he slid his jeans down and stepped out of them. In a quick move he wrapped himself in a towel before putting his clothes in the locker.

Wendy couldn't hide her disappointment although the bulge was still very present in the front of his towel.

On their way to the bed area, she grabbed a couple condoms from a bowl. In the back area, Kevin pressed Wendy against a wall began kissing her as one hand pushed the material of her dress squeezing her breast and the other went right up her dress causing the hem to ride high on her hips. It only took a moment and his skilled fingers were slick with her juices and rhythmically slipping in and out of her.

Reaching over she pulled the towel free from Kevin letting it fall to the ground. The dim lighting did not give her the reveal she was hoping for so reached over and wrapped her tiny hand around the thickest cock she had ever felt. 

Kevin moaned at her touch, "Do you need to say hello?"

When Wendy nodded, Kevin pulled his fingers from leaving her feeling empty. She grabbed him with both hands and stroked his manhood as they kissed. 

Taking her hand he led her to an area with tiered mattresses and sat against it, "Say hello."

Wendy took her cue and kneeled on the floor. Her mouth was now inches away from him and she could finally grasp the magnitude of the cock she had been teasing all night. "You lied! This thing looks even bigger in person." Kevin laughed and placed his hand on the back of her head gently guiding her lips to him.

Wendy surprised herself when his thick cock fit in her mouth. With her jaw fully extended she sucked him as deep as she could while she stroked his shaft. As she sucked she drooled profusely on his meat and her hands used it to lube his shaft up liberally with her saliva. When her jaw needed a break, she would dance her tongue up and down the shaft, making sure to give his boys a tickle too while she was down there.
