 THE AMBERDOWN CHRONICLES Part 02 - The Girly Lunch Club

 Chapter One

It was always the Albermarle Hotel. They really must change it someday, thought Melanie Taylor as she walked in through the lobby and took their usual spot in the bar by the window. Gerard, the Maitre'd greeted her in his usual suave manner. As he did, he wondered whether this blonde member of the threesome that dined here almost weekly together would be as good in bed as the other, slightly older blonde whom he had had the not inconsiderable pleasure of squiring on a number of occasions recently.

Gerard was putting together plans for a new French restaurant in town and Gina Harcourt, in her capacity as a business advisor was seeing to his financial requirements. As a nymphomaniac and sexual predator, she had also been seeing very satisfactorily to his physical requirements and he had reciprocated very much to Gina's liking.

Unfortunately for Gina, Gerard's fiancée Annabel had just moved over from France, so that little liaison had been put on ice. She hoped not indefinitely.

As Mel sipped her first glass of Chablis she had to admit she was not feeling herself, and for good reason. She just hoped it wouldn't show and put a damper on proceedings. Jen Caldwell breezed in as ever looking larger than her five foot frame as she glad-handed Gerard, turning on own her charm and briefly making the Frenchman forget the other two ladies.

Gina was late for once and a little rushed.

"Sorry girls, still putting things together for tomorrow night. I'm so excited you're going to finally meet him!"

They took their drinks through to the room where Gina had first laid eyes on 'him' - one Michael Anderson, a giant of an African American, who had become a lover and treasured friend over the last few months. After what had seemed like an eternity, he was back in England and Gina had insisted he stayed with her instead of the hotel. So far so good - it was working well.

Given Gina's talents, Mike had not argued. Not that anyone could argue with Gina.

Jen had been the first to spot Mike and had pushed Gina at him when the chance arose. Since then, Gina had been buying more stock than usual from Jen's exclusive lingerie shop as a 'thank-you' than she ever had; and that was saying something.

Jen was in raptures. "So, we're finally going to meet the big man are we?" Jen was in awe that Mike's cock was almost a fifth of her body-length. She had tried so many times to imagine what it must feel like, but she had to admit it was a rather intimidating thought. She wondered how Bethany, Gina's lodger for the summer had managed Mike when he, she and Gina had a fun-packed threesome together upstairs in this very hotel.

Jen smiled inwardly at the thought of sweet Bethany, who had started the summer hating Gina as much as Gina hated her. Bethany was now back at University in Durham, a long way north. and Jen thought often of how the young girl had taken what she referred to as her 'second virginity' when Jen had admitted to Gina about having feelings for other women. Bethany had been so lovely and gentle and Jen had now - thanks to the lovely young lassie breaking her ice (or 'permafrost' as Gina had once sarcastically remarked) - got her Sapphic liaisons up to three.

She looked at Gina over a mouthful of scallops. "So, how's my special little Pixie doing back up north?"

Gina shuddered. Everyone called Bethany a 'pixie'. She just thought of her as a drop-dead gorgeous girl whom she had shagged silly for the best part of the summer. She had to admit she was missing the girl; the house was quiet without her.

"She's doing fine. Back with Allie; still screwing at Olympic level. She made the hockey and netball teams, and their silly little folk-rock band is somehow getting gigs. Says she's still off the cigs and cutting down on the naughty stuff. I think there's occasionally an interruption for college work."

Laughing, Mel chimed in. "Done any LDCS with her?"

Beth was addicted to what she called "Long Distance Cyber-Sex" - getting off over Skype, often involving long green vegetables. Lately, a lovely pink g-spot vibrator that Gina had given her as going away present had been involved.

"What Miss Hamilton and I do in the privacy of our respective bedrooms is none of your business, Melanie darling."

Mel looked shocked. "Fuck off, Harcourt - you could barely sit down at this table during the summer without rambling off on one of your dirty tales of how you skewered the poor girl while she was spread-eagled on your fucking great big water bed!"

Gina took a mouthful of food and chewed thoughtfully. "Ok, later babes. I promise. God, she's a dirty little girl. That's all I'm saying at the moment."

Over dessert, the talk turned back to Michael Anderson. Jen and Mel had both made searing eye contact with him in this very room, but neither had met him properly, and both were very nervous. Not least because they desperately wished they could swap places with Gina for just one brief hour of his company.

Jen reluctantly pushed back her chair. "Sorry ladies, got an appointment at two. Maisie Summers is coming in for a fitting. I'm fervently hoping it may be..." She held up four fingers and mouthed, "Number Four!"

Mel looked at her friend. "Size of your tiny cunt, she'll never get that many fingers in..."

Jen threw her head back in disgust. "And on that delightful note..." She turned on her heel. "Till tomorrow ladies. Seven thirty, Gee darling. Alex and I will be there as punctual as ever."

Mel was laughing but it seemed a little forced, which was unlike her. "Hey Jennie-girl - good luck, eh?"

Jen smiled back. "Thanks darling." She lowered her voice and leaned towards them, covering her mouth with her hand. "I have to confess, I'm a little... moist at the thought! Toodle-pip, ladies!"

Gina and Mel laughed as she left and Gina poured the last of the wine. She looked at her friend candidly. "You seem a bit off today, babes. Everything ok?"

Mel knew it was no use lying to Gina. She was almost empathic and knew when something was not right.

She shook her head. "It's Shaun. Away on business again and probably doing the nasty..." She paused, sighing. "...Again."

Gina took her hand. "Aw Mel, no! Sorry darling. That's awful." Gina may have been a sexually predatious alpha-female, but she never took - at least knowingly - what was someone else's.

Mel's big blue eyes misted over. "You know what, Gina? What the thing is that scares me most?"

Gina shook her head.

"I just don't fucking care anymore. I honestly don't give a flying fuck what he does. I've had it."

Gina knew that Mel had been a wild girl in her youth and had only quietened down when she moved from London to this small town in the Sussex countryside and settled down there.

She fixed the older woman with her amazing eyes. "You know I spent four or five years almost constantly horizontal back in the day, don't you? Me and the girls living on our diet of the 'Three C's.' - cocaine, champagne and cigarettes."

She paused and took a long drink. "I was glad when I got out of it." Her eyes filled with tears and Gina held a hand out to her, but she pushed it away. She looked down at the table.

"Trouble is Gina, now I miss it so fucking much..."

She drained her glass and banged it down on the table, making Gina jump. She picked up her bag.

"See you tomorrow, eh? No Shaun. Just Melanie. Just poor little fucking Melanie Taylor - all on her fucking own."

Gina sat open mouthed as her friend left the restaurant in a flood of tears.

 Chapter Two

The get-together had gone well. Some that knew Gina may have been astonished that she could organise a party that didn't end up with the majority of participants writhing on the floor in a tangled mass of heaving flesh.

Everyone had taken to Mike and Gina was so pleased. She had been more than a little scared to introduce him to her friends, but she was beginning to hope that maybe for once in her life, she was about to embark on a meaningful relationship. She was not a religious person, but she offered up a little prayer to any God that would listen that Michael Anderson would soon become something more than a casual lover.

Almost everyone had left. She was chatting to Jen's husband Alex who had long had the raging hots for her. She knew what Jen had planned and vowed to keep Alex eating out of her hand until she had fulfilled her little dream, bless her.

Jen wandered casually into the kitchen. Alex was in safe hands for a while. In Gina's presence he was like a puppy dog. If he knew even ten percent of what Jen knew about Gina, he'd be coming in his pants; given what Jen was about to do, she needed him on best form when she got him home.

Mike was fixing himself a last drink of the night. He had his back to her and Jen pushed the kitchen door closed behind her. Emboldened by fine drink and food, she slipped up behind him and grabbed his magnificent ass in both hands.

"Michael Anderson, it has been a sublime pleasure to meet you properly this evening, but in case you need reminding, I pushed her in your direction..."

Mike turned, a glass of bourbon in his hand. His big, handsome face split into a smile that made Jen go weak at the knees. "Jennifer, there isn't a day goes by that I don't thank you and some deity or other for that fateful day when you put your hand in Gina's back and propelled her Mike-wards!"

Jen shivered at the sound of his voice. "And, Michael, there have been few days since that fateful day that I haven't wished that Gina had been pushing me instead..."

Mike grinned. "I'd kinda like that idea too!"

Jen sighed. "Fortunately or unfortunately, I made a vow to Alex more years ago than I care to remember. Otherwise..."

Mike looked at her, slightly puzzled. "But Gina said you and Beth got together... so...?"

She put a hand on his chest and her already weak knees turned to jelly. "Michael, I vowed to him I'd never sleep with another man. I've kept my solemn vow. Well, you're an intelligent man - I think you can fill in the gaps. You and I both had the pleasure and privilege of knowing Bethany Hamilton in a carnal sense. It can't compensate for not knowing you that way, but it was a remarkable afternoon."

Mike put his hand on Jen's, engulfing it. "That girl was something else... and I'm sure you would be too, Mrs. Caldwell. If you ever change your mind..."

She shook her head. "No, not to be. I'm having fun as a middle aged wannabe lessie. He doesn't know. Gina knows, Melanie knows and obviously delicious Bethany knows, but otherwise it's our little secret." She paused. "But to be honest I think he'd be quite turned on by it."

"You got a good guy there. Take care of him."

"Oh I do, Michael, I do. And he takes rather good care of me. He's very well endowed, and despite my size, I accommodate him rather nicely. Now if you don't mind, before I say goodnight, there is something that if I don't do, I will spend the rest of my existence regretting."

As she spoke, Jen slipped her hand down the waistband of his Chinos and both of them gasped; Mike in shock and Jen in complete awe. 

"I don't suppose you realise, Michael, but according to Harcourt, that outrageously wonderful schlong of yours is almost one fifth of the length of my entire little frame. I shudder to think what it would do to me."

She held her hand there much longer than she intended, but eventually she pulled it free. She sniffed at her fingers. "Gina told me it was a thing of beauty. How right she is! So close... so fucking close. Goodnight Michael Anderson. Please do me a huge favour and one day soon turn Miss Harcourt into Mrs. Anderson the second."

Mike shook his head as she opened the kitchen door and left. He had loved the feel of her tiny hand on his shaft. He whispered to himself. "May just do that, Jennie-C. May just do that..."

Gina said goodnight to Jen and Alex, and as her husband walked down the drive to get in their taxi, Jen turned to her friend. "I'm like a dog in heat tonight. Felt Mike's cock, I'm sure you won't mind! The way Alexander lusts after you, I think it may be a good end to a fab evening darling. He'll be fucking you and I'll be fucking Michael, but I'm sure we'll both benefit. I may even allow him to anoint me!"

As Jen departed, Mike came out from the kitchen. "Hitting the hay, babe. Great night. You got some cool friends. Don't be long, hey? Your little friend Jen got ol' Mikey all steamed up. Need a little bit of white puss-"

His words were cut off as Mel came lurching out of the living room. She'd been so quiet all evening, so sullen, that Gina had almost forgotten she was there. It was like being back at the start of the summer when Beth had been such a miserable bitch.

Mel was swaying, more than a little the worse for wear. "See ya, Gee. Nice night. Bye babes, Mel is leaving the building." She yawned expansively and waved to Mike. "See ya monsta cock..."

Gina grabbed her by the arm. "Mel, what the fuck?" She hadn't realised her friend was so drunk. Mike was halfway up the stairs. He mouthed to Gina, "She ok?"

Gina shook her head. "Come on Mel, get yourself together woman - what the hell are you playing at?"

Her friend turned her head towards her and Gina was shocked to see the way she looked. She was obviously drunk, but she also looked jaded and her usually immaculate hair and makeup were a mess. She should have looked radiant in sheer white culottes and a lovely off the shoulder pale blue top that showed off her smooth, tanned skin. 

She had her car keys in her hand. Gina snapped at her. "What are you doing, Melanie?"

She slurred her words as she responded. "Dunno what the fuck I'm doing Georgina dear. May just go home and drink myself senseless. May drive down to Brighton and find an all-night club and get fucked stupid by complete strangers. Or I may drive off Beachy Head and be in the fucking headlines whenever they find what's left of me." She took a step away and towards the kitchen door. "Or I may just go back in your kitchen and finish that bottle of red that is shouting at me..."

Gina reached into Mel's hand and ripped her car keys out of them. She threw them to Mike, halfway up the stairs. He nodded and kept on going.

Mel swung her fist in anger at Gina but she was so drunk, Gina caught her wrist easily before it could do any damage. She held on to Mel's arm. "For fuck's sake, Mel! This isn't you babe! You've just given me four shitty options, the best of which is the wine. If you must, take that option. But whatever you do, for God's sake, go upstairs and crash in Beth's room."

It had been the spare room for years, but to Gina, it was now and forever, 'Beth's Room.'

Mel shouldered past Gina grunting some sort of gratitude and headed into the kitchen. Gina tried to forget her friend's predicament. Mike was back up in London for a week from tomorrow, and she had a pressing engagement with something large and black. But for once, the allure of Michael Anderson almost seemed secondary to her. She turned and went upstairs. She'd let Mel sleep it off and hopefully sort her out in the morning.

Mel sat at the kitchen table feeling drunk, wretched and stupid. She looked at the wine in the glass she had just poured and felt the start of a dull ache behind her eyes. She was going to regret it in the morning even more than she was regretting it now. 

She picked up the glass and started to head up to Beth's room, hoping Gina's young lover had left something in one of the drawers. Maybe a half-smoked joint - a vibrator? Didn't even have to have batteries. Anything would do.

She knew one of Gina's stairs creaked. Fourth from the top, wasn't it? She cursed herself when it was the fifth one that sounded like a whoopee cushion going off. 

She stood at the top of the stairs trying to work out where spare room was. Beth's Room. How could poor old Melanie Taylor compare to the fucking living legend that was Bethany Hamilton? With Gina these days, it was all Bethany.

She closed her eyes and fought back her frustration and anger. Beth was a Babe, with a capital 'B' and didn't deserve her ire. 'Sorry kid,' she thought. Jealousy is a horrible thing.

If anyone had ever asked Mel what made her turn left instead of right that evening, she would have found it easier to give a lecture on Quantum Physics. And that is not easy for a hairdresser and beautician, despite her not inconsiderable talents in both of those departments.

Standing with her hand on the doorknob of Gina's bedroom, her heart was like trip-hammer in her chest. She felt a little less drunk, which was probably just as well. She was at a Goldilocks stage. Just drunk enough to carry out what she had in mind, not sober enough to tell herself it was a mistake. And certainly not too drunk to fuck, as the old song had once so eloquently said.

Just right.

Before she knew it, the door was wide open and she was leaning on the doorpost, a glass of red wine at her lips. She sent out a silent prayer that Gina Harcourt could ever forgive her for thinking she had exaggerated about the size of Michael Anderson's penis. Her best friend was working on a thing that was so big, so black and so utterly beautiful that Mel could feel herself moistening up down below.

Gina looked up in shock from her work as the door opened, but as she saw Mel leaning on the doorpost with a look of longing in her eyes, something told her that this may be the culmination of a very long-standing fantasy.

Mike was about to say something, but aware that any implied wrong word may send this whole thing sideways, Gina bit down on his cock and uttered a guttural sound that he knew meant for him to button it.

Gina's eyes met Mel's and she saw her friend swallow hard. Mel took a sip of wine, but otherwise did not move. A full five minutes passed as she stood motionless, watching Gina in action. Mike was willing the other girl to join them. It had been her he had first seen in the restaurant of the Albermarle Hotel and despite falling deeply in love with Gina, he still would have been very content to have taken Melanie up to his room that or any other day.

Sobering up by the second, Mel finally found some strength in her legs and moved into the bedroom. She crossed to Gina's makeup table and grabbed hold of a wicker chair. Positioning it next to the bed she sat down, more heavily than she intended.

She took another sip of wine and slid her free hand down the front of her white culottes. Gina stopped for a moment and glanced up at her. Mel whispered, "Don't mind me..." She gasped as her fingers found her clit.

Gina had often told Mel of her prowess when her mouth was intimately involved with genital parts, and whilst her friend had no real reason to doubt her, she now got an object lesson in just how to work on a cock. It didn't matter that Mike was ridiculously large - Gina was awesome and Mel was soon digging deeply into her now sopping wet snatch.

Gina was just about to beckon her friend to join them when Mel leaned forwards, her hair flopping over her lovely face. Mike didn't know where to look, but as the girl he had first seen across the dining room of the restaurant began to shake, he realised this was something special. Mel rocked and bounced on the chair as her fingers went deeper and harder. As she came, she closed her eyes, so tightly she thought she may never open them again. Gina nearly came herself at the sound Mel made. A deeply satisfied, racking sigh that shook her entire body. Her mouth was wide open in a perfectly round 'O.'

But Mel did eventually open her eyes, and as she did, she looked into the eyes of Michael Anderson, and he mouthed two words to her.

"Oh my..."

Mel let out another deep breath and extricated a sticky left hand from her culottes. She stood and picked up Gina's makeup chair and put it back under the table.
