 ANAL ASSAULT

Since that day, Alex became a sex toy for Pantelis and me, and she was enjoying every moment of it. During the day, I always was together with Alex at school, nothing unusual for our classmates, since we were close friends for a long time. Of course, we didn't give a sign about our new relationship. But at nights, we were fucking like crazy.

One evening, around two weeks after our first fuck, Alex and I came back home from school and Pantelis was waiting for us with a hard on. He immediately kissed her on the lips and fondled her ass. Alex squeezed his hard on and giggled.

"Somebody is very horny." she said.

"I was at home all day, dreaming about you, honey!"

She knelt in front of him, stripped his trousers down and took his dick out. She first started licking the head and then took it in her mouth. Meanwhile, she was taking off her clothes. I helped her take off her skirt and soon she was naked except her G-string. I was kissing her neck and fondling her pussy through her panties. 

"Come on, let's go to the bed!" she said as getting up. 

She held his dick and dragged him to his room. I followed them. She laid on the bed, took her G-string off, opened her legs and displayed her pussy. 

"Come, and fuck me!" she said. 

"I want it Greek style, today." said Pantelis.

"Well, how's that?" she asked. 

Then he explained her what Greek style is. She was afraid at first and didn't try to do this but finally he could manage to convince her. She got on all fours and was waiting for Pantelis. I sat on the edge of the bed, next to her. Pantelis was dripping lube on his cock. Then he applied some lube on her asshole. 

"Ohh, that feels weird." she said.

"Don't worry, relax." I said holding her hand. 

Alex moaned as Pantelis pushed a finger in her asshole .

"It is tight, there's no way you can stick your dick in there!"said Alex.

Pantelis said nothing and went on probing her ass. Once her asshole is stretched a bit, he stuck two more fingers in. 

"Ahh!" yelled Alex. "Did he stick another finger in?"

"Two more.." I said. 

"Oh, really!"

"Does it hurt?"

"A little."

Next, Pantelis took his fingers out and put the tip of his cock against her tight puckered hole and pushed gently. There was resistance, but gradually she relaxed and it started to make progress. 

"Is it in?" asked she.

"Just the half of the head."

"Oh God!"

He was pushing slowly in. It's head disappeared in her ass now.

"Oh, stop, stop..." she hissed in agony. " Take it out. It's too big."

"The pain will be gone soon," said Pantelis. "You'll like it, once you've adjusted yourself"

"Oh, please Pantelis."

I stroked her hair and whispered in her ear. "It's ok, it's ok."

Pantelis pulled a little out.

"That's good, that's good." said Alex.

But suddenly he pushed it back in with one thrust and almost half of his dick was buried in her rectum. Alex screamed with pain. 

"Take it out, take it out.. Please!" she begged. I was stroking her hair and telling her that she should be relaxed. She was holding my hand and crushing it.

"I'm sorry Alex, I had to do this. It would be more difficult, if I'd do it slowly." said Pantelis.

"But it burns.." she cried. Her eyes were full with tears. I kissed her cheek and was constantly stroking her hair. 

"Shhh..." I was trying to comfort her. 

"It hurts, John." she was complaining.

"Come on, help me." said Pantelis to me. "Lick her cunt, so that she can relax."

I obeyed his order and laid down under Alex. I smelt the wonderful scent of her pussy and then found her clit with my tongue. Pantelis was not moving, his dick was still inside her ass. As I sucked her pussy and stuck my tongue in her hole, she started moaning. 

"Do you like it now?" asked Pantelis to her.

"Well, it's a strange feeling," she answered. "A mixture of pain and lust."

I sucked her pussy for almost five minutes before Pantelis made his next move. Meanwhile, she opened my pants and took my dick in her hand. She was squeezing it hard, as if trying to give me pain as much as she was suffering. 

I could see what was happening on her ass. Pantelis started pushing it in and out. He wasn't using the whole length of his dick yet. 

"How you feel?" asked he to Alex.

"Not bad, go on."

He increased his speed and with each thrust he was going deeper inch by inch. And I was sucking her clit and tonguefucking her cunt. She was enjoying it and moving her ass with lust. She was jerking my cock off and licking its tip. Soon, she was quite close to orgasm and moaning. 

"Yess... Faster.."

Pantelis was fucking her hard now and Alex started shaking. Her pussy juices were flowing down my chin. She was squeezing my dick. It was painful but I loved it. 

"Oh.. yes...I can feel your contractions." Pantelis hissed and with one big stroke he buried his cock in her ass. He was pumping his load into her rectum. They were having a simultaneous orgasm. Both were moaning and groaning. Her legs were shaking, her muscles were contracting and it was a long long orgasm. When it's finished, Pantelis slowly pulled his dick out of Alex' ass and a gush of sperm flew down on her ass crack.

I stood up and walked behind Alex's still quivering body. I adjusted my cock on the entrance of her ass. Alex was panting and having difficulty to talk. She said:

"No.. Pussy...Please!"

Doesn't matter for me. So, I aimed her cunt and pushed my dick in it slowly. It was so wet and hot, my dick slipped in easily, almost without any resistance. I've lost no time pumping my shaft in and out. When I was fucking her, cum leaking out of her asshole was joining our juices, adding more excitement to the moment. Surprisingly, not more than a few minutes later, Alex started having a powerful orgasm again. What a cock hungry slut! Her legs were shuddering and she was screaming. Her cunt muscles were contracting around my dick, squeezing it tight. It didn't take much long for me to squirt my sperm into her pulsating cunt. Then I collapsed on top of her. 

She liked anal sex but she preferred not to do it often, because of her concern about permanent damage. Unfortunately, she did not allow me to fuck her ass, since my dick was thicker than my Greek friends.

ED'S MONSTER

Ed, my Afro-American home mate was aware of the situation, but did not want to be involved in this, since he was faithful to her fiancée. Pantelis and I were fucking Alex almost every night, when she was available. Although sometimes Pantelis was borrowing her for a long sex session, Alex was usually sleeping with me, because she felt closer to me. We knew each other for around three years, after all. Anyway, our threesomes always took place in my room, which was next to Ed's. He had to listen our passionate voices and as a healthy male, he couldn't resist more than a month. 

Ed opened the door of my room, while I was practically sitting on Alex' face. I was holding her legs, pulling them back as far as possible for Pantelis to have full access to her cunt. He was fucking her with no haste, and I was pushing my dick in and out of her mouth. 

We all three have looked at the door, Alex tried to make a move to cover herself but Pantelis didn't allow her by holding her hands and increased his fucking speed. I, on the other hand, was already holding her legs and also pushed my dick hard in her mouth. She struggled a little but then remained still and turned her attention back to the two cocks in her holes.

Ed was standing at the door and hesitating, until Pantelis waved him to come in. He approached us and watched Alex' body in amazement. He reached and touched her tits and since she didn't protest, he courageously played with them. He was rubbing, and squeezing them and pinching the nipples. Then he leaned and started kissing and sucking them. 

Soon Pantelis came and left his place between her legs to me. Once again, I entered her cum filled, slippery, hot hole. Meanwhile, Ed was removing his shorts. When she saw his giant dick, Alex opened her eyes wide. It was more than 8", probably 8.5" and as thick as my wrist. She eagerly took it in her hand but her finders couldn't wrap it completely. 

"Never saw like this one before!" she said with excitement. 

He came closer and offered his giant member to her mouth. She had to open her lips really wide to take its head in and this sight made me highly aroused. I increased my fucking speed. Alex was moving her hips and moaning. Ed was also like in heaven, because Alex knew how to please a man orally. She was taking the head of the dick in her mouth and using her tongue on the slit and the bottom line of the head. None of us were talking, there were just groans, and slurping sounds. Then I came, again pumping my sperm into her hungry vagina.

"I want that monster in me!" hissed Alex.

Ed did not lose time to mount himself on top of Alex. Pantelis was curious to see, how she could manage take Ed's dick inside her cunt, so he came closer.

"Bury that pole in this slut!" said he. 

"Yes, I will! This bitch is a pro, man!" answered Ed.

"I'm your whore. Fuck this filthy whore!" yelled Alex. 

Ed slowly pushed his dick in. Her cunt was extremely wet with two loads of cum and her own juices, but she was not used to take such a thick penis in her vagina, that's why Ed was having difficulty to insert it in. Once its head disappeared, he started pumping in and out with short strokes. On every thrust, he pushed more and more into her. All you could hear on each down thrust from Alex was a loud, "Ah!". Five or so minutes later, and to everyone's surprise, she was taking the whole thing in her cunt. She was screaming and her toes curl on each thrust over and over again. 

"Ohh God... Greaaattt!"

Her voice was quivering, because she was having a big vaginal orgasm. She wrapped her legs around Ed's waist. Ed buried his cock deep into her pussy and waited for her orgasm to subside, but soon he was shaking too. 

"Ohh, I'm cummin! This bitch so hot."

They were shaking together and finally they collapsed onto the bed.

"Oh my god.. What was that?" said Ed panting. "I thought your cunt was trying to swallow my dick."

Alex laughed at this comment and said: "That's the magic of your monster. I loved it."

Later, Ed confessed that her fiancée, Diana, was cold in bed. She was just lying there, never gives head, never moves during sex or even she does not make a single sound. Although he loved her, he couldn't keep himself away from Alex and he thereafter took a part in our fuck sessions at least once a week.