 For the second meeting with the gang, Angela dressed in sexy clothes again. There was no point in leaving anything to chance. Her skirt showed off her legs and her perky butt to best advantage. She left the top buttons undone on her shirt. Without a bra, her pointy nipples pressed nicely against the material, inviting any man to stare and to touch. 

Angela intended to make another offer that night and she was the kind of person who always closed the deal. She arrived early, still nervous. Angela understood there was danger in what she was doing. But she'd put herself into potentially dangerous positions before. Each time she'd reveled in the thrill she got afterwards. Grigor and his two thugs were probably the most dangerous scenario she'd encountered. Her plan was set and she was determined to see it through. Besides, Angela felt her usual confidence that she could handle the negotiations. She'd always succeeded up till now. And she still had her secret weapon.

"You can have the extra time," Grigor informed her when they were all sitting in the grimy office. With a smile, he added, "But it will cost you."

"I want you to give me a further thousand reduction in the debt." Angela countered. "Obviously this is mutually beneficial." And she smiled her sexiest smile as the two other thugs stirred in their chairs.

"You understand that I have people I have to answer to. So a headjob won't be enough for a thousand bucks this time. Not even three headjobs."

"I understand. But you understand that I need that extra thousand. And you also understand that I need your utmost discretion. I cannot afford to ever have any of the details of this deal get out into the public. So, I need total secrecy." 

She paused for a second. The first meeting she'd taken their cocks into her mouth and their semen into her tummy. But she had wanted more. She needed more to make her plan really work.

"And I'll let you fuck me if I need to pay for that."

Grigor looked Angela up and down. He doubted that this woman, with her cute pixie face, needed the cash. He'd done some checking. And what about the photo his man had sent to her husband? There was something more to this deal than she was letting on. 

"Not just me," he said firmly. Grigor was after the best deal and he thought Angela was no different. "I have to look after my boys as well. So if its an extra thousand, you'll need to fuck all three of us."

Angela tried to suppress her smile. Her heart was racing. But her cunt was stirring. 

This was what she'd been hoping for. Trying to look casual, she opened her legs so the three guys could see up her skirt. She was not wearing underwear that night. The looks on their faces alone were worth a thousand dollars.

"I said this would be beneficial for everyone," she went on. "So, I think your proposal is fair. If your boys can get hard enough, I am sure they can have me as well."

Following her plan exactly, Ange walked across the room to Grigor. As she moved, she shrugged off her shirt and her skirt to leave herself naked apart from her black heels. Angela enjoyed being naked in front of men. They never failed to drool at the sight of her pert little body. Her perky boobs and pointy nipples. Her slim, short legs. Her tight, rounded butt. 

She thought about the first time she stripped naked for Jeff. But he wasn't man enough to really appreciate her assets. 

This was so much better. It was intoxicating to expose herself to three virtual strangers. Angela knew that she had what was needed to keep these men under control. Her body was still young and firm. Her A-cup tits were high and perky, always guaranteed to make men look. She knew that her nipples were standing out, hard and long. 

Ange had calculated that her brazen moves would ensure the gang gave her precisely what she wanted. And Grigor made her feel safe with his casual authority over his men. 

"Lets get this started," she said as she rubbed her hand over the leader's crotch. 

She looked at him as she went to her knees, pulling at his trousers to bring his cock into view. It looked even better the second time. The two thugs were almost as eager. As Angela had expected, they could hardly stop themselves at the sight of a naked young woman on her knees. And she knew they were dropping their trousers as well. Three hard cocks ready for her! Angela could not remember being so turned-on ever. 

"Don't forget to take photos for me," she said to Thug 2. He scrambled for his phone as she wrapped her hand around Grigor's magnificent shaft. 

The leader's cock felt fantastic - hard and hot. The veins and ridges were delightful and the gentle curve was fascinating. She stroked him a few times, enjoying the lewdness of her behavior. She ignored the danger now - these guys were right where she wanted them, as had been true of many other men. And Grigor was even better in her mouth as she sucked him deep and tried to swirl her tongue around the meaty shaft.

It was so easy, so natural, to let these men have her. Angela had arrived feeling horny and now it was even worse. She was almost grateful that these three fuck her. It was more than a plan - Ange knew it was what she needed. She caressed the hairy balls, running her fingers through the dark pubes as she felt the leader's shaft stiffen and grow in her mouth.

The other two men watched on as that amazing woman sucked their boss. Both remembered how sweet and soft her mouth was and each was eager for his turn.

Soon it was the turn of Thug 1. She reminded Thug 2 to take another picture. That was what her plan called for. She heard the digital shutter working as she swallowed the second man's cock. This one throbbed very agreeably and she could feel his excitement. His was not a bad cock, as far as that went, and she enjoyed working her lips and tongue over him. 

It was made hotter by the knowledge that the other two were watching intently. Men were so easy. She relished her power over them. That was where Jeff had gone wrong - he was too mild-mannered, not enough of a man. He almost never looked at his wife and thought of taking what he wanted from her. 

Angela couldn't explain why she'd waited so long for an experience like this. The boys at the football club should have been enough for her to know how exciting it was to have three guys so completely focused on her. These dirty bastards would do whatever she asked and what Angela had asked for was a total fucking by them all. Soon she had sucked each man to his full size and their cocks stood before her, bobbing and glistening with her saliva.

She knew her cunt was sopping wet. It was time. The office was a grimy place. Oh yes - the office! Not like poor Jeff who always insisted on the privacy of their bedroom. 

The desk would be perfect. She remembered the first time with the professor, leaning over his desk and exposing herself fully. Her small, naked body was a perfect invitation to the gang. They all agreed silently as Angela slowly draped herself over it. Her round little bottom was so tempting. And her slender legs looked just perfect as she slowly spread them wide. Angela knew they could see everything. 

The men crowded around her again. She was so tiny compared to them. Angela could have felt trapped, afraid. But she had used her secret weapon - her passion for giving headjobs - and now the dirty bastards were panting for her. It was thrilling to know that no-one wanted to turn back.

"This is worth a thousand," she said to Grigor with a lewd grin. "I want you first and then your guys can have a turn."

The three men had never heard a woman utter such words. And they were sure that her cunt would be at least as sweet as her mouth.

Angela could hardly believe she'd said those words out loud. It was only the weeks of planning, her determination that Jeff must be punished, that had made it possible to imagine it. But it was exhilarating to be acting in that way. She was horny and feeling desperate. She needed to be fucked by a stranger and the only thing better was the knowledge that this night she'd have three different cocks. 

The three men crowd around, their cocks aching to penetrate her. Angela felt so tiny, dwarfed by their bulk and drowning in their lust for her tight, small body. She knew her cunt was gushing. That always happened when she got dirty with a new man. Grigor would be the first in her cunt since she'd moved in with Jeff. Far too long, she knew. 

"Don't wait," she urged him. "Time to fuck a married woman."

Grigor wasted no time, shoving himself in that wet hole with a single thrust. Angela's eyes flew wide open but there was no protest from her. He was nicely thick and a perfect fit. She waited for her hole to adjust so he could go deeper.

"Oh, fuck yeah ...deep, you bastard. Fuck me now."

His cock felt so good as it opened her cunt. Angela could not help her moans as his cock, so thick and hard, worked deeper. The lovely curve in his shaft made him touch new places inside. She was already enjoying this new cock. 

Angela gave a final, brief thought to her husband. He had never been able to fuck her the way this man would - with his huge body and his impressive tool. She let herself sag against the desk as Grigor took control of her from behind.

"Fuck, she is hot!" said one of the thugs.

"You feel so good," Grigor said gently to Angela. 

He was something of a gentleman but he assumed that this little woman was a slut who enjoyed being fucked hard. So he forced his cock fully into her until his balls were resting against her cunt lips.

"Aaaah," she gasped. It had been a long time since she'd felt something so manly in her cunt. "Yes, fuck me now."

Grigor obliged, thrusting slow and deep at first. Already Ange was moaning, surprised that she could feel her first orgasm building so soon. But that big, curvy meat felt too good.

And when Grigor started fucking her properly, Angela had to bite her arm to try stifling her noises. This bastard knew how to satisfy a woman.

She could hardly believe how exciting, how thrilling it was to be fucked like this by a virtual stranger. It was just how she imagined. The wickedness of it only made the sensations better and she was already in love with that impressive cock as it reamed and stretched her hole.

"Yes, you bastard. Do me."

Grigor hardly needed the encouragement. He was a natural lover and knew exactly how to use his cock in a tight little cunt like this one. He took hold of her hips and thrust harder and faster. 

"She feels good," he said to no-one in particular. Her married cunt already was gripping his shaft.

Grigoe decided to make it a night she would remember. He knew his thick cock was a "pussy pleaser" and it gave his ego a rise to hear this small, delicate woman cumming loud and hard. This next thrusts were harder and deeper.

Angela could never tell her orgasms apart. All she knew was that she could climax for long periods of time. And he was doing her really good - she could feel her body begin to tremble as the power of her climax threatened to overcome her. The three of them were on top of her, crowding in so they could touch her as she was being fucked. It only heightened the feeling of their dominance. She loved the excitement of being wanted so badly and having three horny men at her disposal.

There was only a brief disappointment as Grigor withdrew and Thug 2 took his place behind her. She felt him shove himself into her with a single movement. That felt good. She was soaking wet now, and nicely stretched thanks to Grigor. This one quickly found his rhythm and she enjoyed the thrusting, long and deep and his balls slapping against her clit. No wonder she was still cumming.

And it wasn't long before Thug 3 took his turn. A third cock in one night. It was her ultimate cock experience and her secret fantasy. She looked down on Grigor's men since they were only thugs. But she was loving being fucked by them all the same, bent over the table and at their mercy. Yet she was the one who felt in control. These men had so easily agreed to give her what she needed. She was still cumming as the third cock worked into her, slamming her slow and hard.

"Urgh... urgh..." she grunted as Thug 3 tried to smash her married hole. 

His thrusting was just what Ange needed. She appreciated his enthusiasm. That was what she was here for - to be properly fucked by guys who would not worry about hurting her. She got plenty of gentle sex from her dumb husband.

"Yes... yes..." she gasped in time to Thug 3.

Angela knew she was being as slutty as she'd ever imagined. She let each man have a turn, swapping places and constantly filling and fucking her. Strong, powerful men using her cunt. It was a thrill to have so many different sensations - different cocks and different techniques. She'd dreamed of this. Even before Jeff. And she'd never get sex like this with Jeff. Angela had lost count of how many times each of these bastards had penetrated her but she still wasn't close to being done.

Someone, perhaps Grigor, moved her from the desk and onto all fours. The floor was dirty but Angela didn't care. It was no more dirty than she was, after all. The men wanted more. They were enjoying her tiny body, her tight hole. What better way to use a horny slut like her than put her on hands and knees. They would penetrate her more deeply doggy-style and Angela knew she'd enjoy it.

Grigor took the first turn with her once again. Yes, it must have been his idea. Ange was happy to let him direct the action, to take charge. She appreciated his size and his casual authority. What a turn-on! And even better when she felt his bulky meat forced into her cunt again.

"Yeah, do me," she cried out. "Take me ...use it."

She was almost screaming out now. The guys were willing fuckers and the whole scene was overwhelming her thoughts. It was lucky for everyone that the pub was so noisy.

And then Thug 2 knelt in front of her. Ange knew what he wanted. She wondered why he'd waited.

"Yes... please... " she said to him. 

She wanted him in her mouth while another pumped into her from behind. This was the kind of sex she had needed for the longest time. Her pathetic husband could never give her this ecstasy. She wanted to be filled with cock meat.

Again they went in turns, using her at both ends. Angela had never ever been spit-roasted but, right then, she was hooked. There were so many wonderful, horny men to choose from. There could not be a better way to experience their cocks. Moaning loudly, she let them thrust into her, turned-on even more by the taste of her cunt juices on their throbbing cocks. 

"I'm going to cum in her mouth," called out Thug 2.

"Hmmm... hmmmm..." mumbled Angela. 

She wanted to urge him on. The thought of tasting his seed was the hottest thing right then. A cock exploding in her mouth was her greatest pleasure. She even forgot her worry about being damaged by his lusty thrusting into her mouth.

Thug 2 took hold of her head as he began to work deeper. He was taking control of her but, truly, wasn't that what she had wanted?

The only disturbance to her reverie was a sudden sensation in her anus. A finger was being inserted there. Ange told herself it must be Grigor, the gang leader. Ne dirty bastard! She'd not been used there for ages and she was in no mood to protest.

Thug 2 shot his first bolt into her mouth just as the finger thrust into her bowels. She might have cried out except for the tangy warm stuff that was flooding her mouth. Thug 2 clearly enjoyed the feeling of her mouth as much as her cunt and he emptied his balls down the throat of the tiny, sexy woman.

Angela thrilled to the power of his eruption, and the taste of his stuff. She'd loved cocks and their juice from the first time. It was fantastic to experience it all again in such a debauched setting. The thick finger stretching her rear passage made the whole thing better.

Thug 3 was next in her cunt. He was thrusting hard and fast and Angela knew what that meant. He was no longer able to control himself. 

"Yes, yes..." she gasped in time to his hammering. 

"I'm cumming in her..." he called out to his buddies. 

Angela was cumming, too, as she felt him pulse and jam deeper. He was blasting his semen against her cervix and right then Ange could have imagined nothing hotter. Only another drink of semen could have matched the thrill.

"You have a tight little arse," Grigor told her as he pulled Ange to her knees.

She grinned at him, understanding what he was suggesting.

"Well, Mister Gang Leader," she grunted. "Give me the deal I want and you can have it."

But Grigor was not thinking of her bum at that moment. She watched him stroke his beautiful curved cock, only an inch from her face. So much better than Jeff's. And he would give her a prize Jeff would never think of. 

Ange usually thought it a waste not to taste and swallow a man's issue. But she knew Grigor would coat her face and she was not about to say "no" to the dirty gang leader.

It was a dirty, slutty act and Jeff had never been permitted. But this would be special - the perfect end to her incredible plan. 

"Come on, boss man," she egged him on. "Give it to me."

Ange really meant it. She was so tiny, surrounded by these hulking men. The two thugs were watching her, watching as their leader stroked his cock and made his balls boil. She could have felt vulnerable and frightened but instead she felt in control. What a slut she was! 

Angela opened her mouth, giving him a bigger target. She imagined how his cock must be throbbing, ready to burst. Grigor threw his head back just as he was about to erupt. She couldn't stand to be denied any longer.

"Give it to me," she gasped. 

She laughed as his cum erupted. Spray after spray of hot, white cock juice flew against her face. Some went in her mouth. Some went high onto her hair. Angela wanted that, too. As if it proved he'd lost his control. And how fabulous was a man's cum? It blasted against her face and even in her eyes and Angela felt herself cumming anew as the imposing gang leader treated her just as she was. Another man who'd been unable to resist giving her what she wanted. She wished he could keep cumming endlessly, covering her completely in his precious fluid.

Angela waited for him, making sure to get every drop on her face and her neck. Both of them were breathing heavily. Angela had taken a proper coating of cock juice. She was aware of the stares of the three men. But there was one more thing. She leaned forward, taking the tip of Grigor's cock in her mouth to clean him. 

"I bet that was worth the thousand," she said with a grin to Grigor as he lifted her to her feet.

Cum was leaking from her cunt and dripping down her face and her tits. She knew she was a sight. One eye was almost stuck shut. But she saw their faces and knew they'd been blown away by her performance. A packet of wipes were retrieved from her bag and Ange did her best to clean off most of the leader's cum. She could taste semen as well but that was probably Thug 2. The sticky cock juice would stain her dress on the way home. There was not much she could do about that. But she was glad not to have worn underwear. 

Once dressed, she inspected the pictures they'd shot. 

Her first thought was, "Holy shit!"

Angela had never seen a picture of herself being fucked. She had to admit that she looked good. Even better was the obvious presence of three horny men, dwarfing her and making her look so vulnerable. She thought pics were very erotic. Still, she deleted most of them so that only the headjobs were left.

"Please, send these to my husband again," she asked with a smile. 

And then she was out the door. Their thrusting and pounding had left her sore. There were no complaints from Angela, however. Jeff wouldn't be getting in there. The ache would fuel her thoughts for the next two weeks. 
