 This story is part of an ongoing series. The chronological order of my stories is now listed in WifeWatchman's biography.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, language and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.

Part 18 - Blooded

As Red Brooke took aim, Tanya looked up and over her shoulder. She'd tried her best, but this was it.

*WHOOSH!*

A burst of silver light flashed from just behind Brooke and to his right. As he looked down, he was amazed to see the stump of his wrist, with his hand no longer attached. He looked over as Teresa Croyle came around his right side, the blood-stained katana in her hands.

Teresa was much shorter than the very tall Red Brooke, so her next thrust with 'Ward Harvester' was at the serial killer's belly. She caught him just below the ribcage and drove upwards, the sword cutting up into his vitals, slicing into the organ that was pumping blood, whatever it was... certainly this man had no heart.

As Red Brooke realized what was happening to him, and in less time than it took to read this, Teresa had pulled the katana back out of him. He was a dead man reeling.

"You fucking... bitch..." Red gasped as he fell to his knees. "You will not... win... this day..." Those were his last words.

*SWOOSH!*

Teresa swung the katana with a mighty backhand blow (for a right-hander), and 'Ward Harvester' bit into the back of his neck. It sliced easily through, and Red Brooke's head toppled to the earth, followed by the rest of him.

Teresa began cleaning the sword with the special cloth as she asked Tanya "Are you okay?"

"I'm a mess." Tanya said. "You were just in time. Thank you." They heard the sound of the back door opening. Commander Troy, Todd Burke, Teddy Franklin, all with swords, poured into the backyard, followed by Jack Muscone and his FBI team.

"Commander-sama," said Teresa formally, "may I invite those of you with swords to test your blades. It will be a good omen for you."

"Hai, Teresa-san." I said. The Crowbar Katana sang as it slid out of its scabbard. I sliced Red Brooke on his lower back. It is possible that it was on the exact same vertebrae as my own damaged ones. Todd and Teddy also made their small cuts, a bit lower on the back. We quickly cleaned our swords, as well.

The FBI team was attending to Cindy, and Fire Marshal Zoe Singer had come up right behind them. She administered smelling salts, and Cindy woke up, coughing. Then she gasped out as the pain hit her. Zoe was telling Cindy not to move, and was checking on her injuries, especially her swollen nose.

Meanwhile, after making sure she was uninjured, I bodily lifted Tanya up and put her back in her wheelchair. "Excellent work, Angel." I whispered into her ear.

"Cindy saved my life. She showed up just in time." said Tanya. "Then Teresa saved my life by showing up just in time."

"And Tanya saved Cindy's life by ramming Brooke." said Teresa as she sheathed the now-cleaned 'Ward Harvester'.

"That's my Angels." I said proudly. "Best team on Earth." I could see on their faces just what those words meant to them. Especially Tanya. 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Wednesday, March 7th, late afternoon. With Red Brooke dead, the TCPD was told to stand down. The aftermath and the paperwork began. We all made our statements and police reports. Then I went to the Hospital, to check up on Cindy.

"Broken nose." said Dr. Morgan, to me and Teresa as we stood outside the examining room that Cindy was in. "She has a hairline fracture of the jaw, but we're not going to go to the extreme of wiring her jaw shut, as long as she takes it easy and just drinks liquid meals for a few days."

"Oh, you absolutely should wire her jaw shut." said Teresa.

"Cap-tnnnnn..." I admonished. "She's kidding, Doctor." I said as I saw the look on Dr. Morgan's face. "What else?"

"She has a concussion from the kick to the side of her head, but fortunately no other bones broken or severe fractures." said Dr. Morgan. "She's lucky in that regard. Dr. Fredricson offered to let her stay at your home, and she'll watch over Captain Ross tonight."

"Good. Thanks, Doctor." I said. Teresa and I went into the examining room, where the nurse was finishing putting what looked like Breathe-Rite nasal strips on Cindy's swollen nose.

"How do you feel?" I asked Cindy.

"Like I got the shit beat out of me." Cindy said forlornly, barely moving her mouth. "You were right, sir. I thought I could handle Brooke, but I was wrong."

"Well," I said, "some days you get the bear, and some days the bear gets you."

"The bear got me." said Cindy. "Almost cost Tanya her life. I'm sorry, sir..."

"Stoppit. Everyone is okay." I said. "We will talk about all that later. Ready to go home? You're staying with us tonight."

"Sure." said Cindy. I drove her to the Mountain Nest, Teresa following in Cindy's SUV. 

"Daddy!" I heard when we came inside. Carole came running up to us, followed by Marie and Bowser.

"Hi there!" I said. "Hi Marie!"

"Hi Mis-ter Crow-bar." Marie said. Both girls gave me a hug at the same time as I knelt down. Then I petted the redoubtable Bowser while the girls gave Cindy hugs.

Then, as the girls gave Teresa her allotment of hugs, Callie Carrington came up and gave Cindy a hug. "Are you okay, baby?" she asked in her most soothing voice.

"My face hurts." said Cindy. "My pride hurts, too."

"And well it should." Teresa said mercilessly. "You'll never win the Police Boxing Matches again if you don't get your sh--- er, act together."

"We'll see about that." Cindy declared, knowing Teresa was teasing her in her 'normal' way. "I'm just glad they don't allow katanas in the ring."

"What's a katana, Daddy?" Carole asked me, having listened to our conversation.

"It's that long sword I showed you and told you to never touch." I said. "Why don't you and Marie go back to playing."

"Okay, Daddy!" Carole said. She and Marie ran back into the greatroom, followed by that outstanding Police dog, the redoubtable Bowser.

Laura had come up to us and was checking on Cindy. "Your eyes are responding well to the light, so that's good. I'm going to be checking on you every couple of hours tonight." She guided Cindy and Callie to the guest room as Teresa and I went to the kitchen to get some food.

"The 'Ward Harvester' katana is now blooded." I said. "And for the best of reasons."

"Yes." said Teresa. "I had no problem making that happen. You know, Don, I think my sword is sharper than yours. It sliced through Brooke's neck more easily than yours did through Wallace Bedford's."

"That's because Bedford's head was thick with stupidity." I said with a grin, then said "No, seriously, I do think your sword was a bit better-made than mine. Not that I'm complaining. You saved Tanya and Cindy's lives today."

Then I said in a much lower voice: "So what happened, just between the two of us? Why were you and Cindy at Tanya's in the first place? I'll keep it between us, but I need the truth on this."

Teresa said "Cindy told me she was going to pick up Tanya to bring her to my house. Problem is, and your mother pointed it out to me, Tanya has a van to transport her. I realized that Cindy had figured out that Brooke would go to Tanya's, as my house was well-guarded. I think Cindy wanted to one-up you by taking out Brooke... and she found out that he was as good as you said he was. Tanya said he kicked her ass from start to finish."

I nodded. "Yeah, that's what I figured, too. I tried to tell her... with Brooke, it was about psychology."

"I know." said Teresa. "Though head games aren't as easy when the man does not have his head on his shoulders any longer." I laughed out loud at Teresa's pawky vein of humor. Then Teresa got serious.

"Don," she said, "I'm not trying to start any trouble here, and she saved Tanya by going to her house, but Cindy was supposed to come to my house. She almost got herself killed today. I know it's none of my business, and it's your call to make on what to do about it..."

"Yeah, I know." I said. "But she took her punishment today. I don't she's ever had the shit beat out of her like that. It will serve as the wake-up call she badly needed."

"So," I said, "I'd probably discipline her under ordinary circumstances. But take my word for it, I think there are reasons why I'm not going to do to much on this one."

Teresa peered at me for a moment, then nodded. I think she was realizing what I was saying, and why.

"One other thing." Teresa said. "Tanya thought her gun was loaded, but it wasn't. How did that happen? She kept her gun with her at all times. Brooke had no chance to get to it and unload it."

I nodded. "Yeah, I'm thinking about that one... and I don't like what I'm thinking. Someone that was able to get close to Tanya must've unloaded it. That means someone at her place of work, or someone in the TCPD, or someone in the FBI... is a mole, and was working with Brooke. That also makes sense in that someone was feeding Brooke information..."

Part 19 - Stuff

"This is Bettina Wurtzburg, KXTC Fox Two News!" shouted the lovely redheaded reporterette at 7:00am, Thursday, March 8th, from in front of Police Headquarters. "Fox Two News has learned that serial killer Red Brooke has met his fate!"

"Red Brooke was a serial killer who murdered a number of people all over the country after escaping from a Supermax prison last summer." Bettina said. "Police and the FBI believe that the motives behind his killing spree and his movements were based upon getting revenge against the FBI Agent that arrested him several years ago, and that Brooke was also targeting Commander Donald Troy, who was participating as an FBI Consultant in the manhunt for Brooke."

"FBI psychology experts believed that Brooke might attempt to come to our Town & County," said Bettina, "and they were right. Brooke was spotted around Courthouse Square yesterday, and Police began an intensive manhunt for him. He was captured near the home of retired TCPD Lieutenant and current SBI Captain Tanya Perlman, who is being credited by the TCPD as being part of the Law Enforcement team that took Brooke down."

"Brooke refused to surrender to authorities," said Bettina, "and Police were forced to take action that ended his life after Brooke was engaged in personal combat. In a statement to the Press, Commander Donald Troy praised the actions of Captain Cindy Ross, Captain Teresa Croyle, and SBI Captain Perlman, and he also said that there was no gunfire that might've threatened other citizens. FBI Special Agent in Charge Jack Muscone, who led the Federal effort to capture Brooke, also praised the TCPD Officers for their courageous actions."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Yeah," said Sergeant Micah Rudistan, rather loudly and jovially, "no more crowbars in the Police Boxing Matches. From now on, we're using those Japanese batons to simulate sword fights!"

Everyone in the very full MCD room laughed. Except Captain Teresa Croyle. And Captain Cindy Ross.

"You're all going to lose to me," Teresa said, "no matter what weapons you use." That started some 'ooohs' and 'aaahs'.

"Or no weapons at all." said Vice Detective Roy McGhillie. "Ma'am, are you going to throw your weapon out of the ring like you did last year?"

"No." I said. "Rule change. The fight will be stopped if someone loses their weapon out of the ring, whether on purpose or not, and that weapon returned."

"Oh, everybody knows you're going to win, Commander." said Detective Jerome Davis. "Though I'm going to give you my best shot in the Finals." More 'ooohs' and 'aaahs'.

"Davis, you're not even going to make the Finals!" replied Detective Joanne Warner. "That's going to be me taking the Iron Crowbar down!" Joanne and I exchanged eye-to-eye two-finger gestures as more 'ooohs' and 'aaahs' rang out.

"What do you say to that, Captain Ross?" asked Rudistan, trying to start trouble.

"I have no room to talk right now." said Cindy, her nose still set with the wire-infused band-aids. "But I will be training harder, working on my game."

"None of us have a chance," I said, "if they ever let Angels in wheelchairs get into the ring." I said that because I saw the ever-perky Tanya Perlman drive into the room.

"You got that right, Commander!" said Tanya, with her beautiful, cherubic grin. "And I'll beat you in the wheelchair races, too!" Everyone laughed, and then began applauding Tanya; the entire Police Force had heard of her actions and near-sacrifice to save Cindy. 

I could see the look on her face. It told me she loved being part of us, even for just a coffee klatch. And she wanted to be back here permanently more than anything.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"This is Priya Ajmani, KSTD Five-Alive News in the Morning!" said the gorgeous Indian reporterette at 8:00am, from in front of City Hall, as my three Angels and I watched in my office. "Five-Alive News has an exclusive announcement for you! We have ADA Paulina Patterson here. Go ahead, Paulina!"

"Thank you, Priya." said Paulina. "I am announcing my candidacy for the Office of District Attorney. I will not be making sweetheart deals with criminal drunk drivers, nor with rapists, and I believe my experience and record as a Prosecutor in this County makes me the best qualified for this job!" There was applause coming from people outside of the range of the camera.

Priya: "Will you be running for the Cook seat on the Council as well?"

Paulina: "No, I'm going to concentrate on the D.A. race. That's where I feel I'm called to be, and where I'll be of best service to our Town & County..."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Wow, she's in!" said Teresa, showing a glimmer of happiness.

"Ye-es." I said. "It's getting more interesting now."

"Any idea why she got in?" asked Cindy. "Especially with Jenna already in? They used to work together, and I thought they were friends."

"They like each other well enough." I said. "As to why Paulina got in, she said that if Jenna wins the Cook seat in the special election, she'll probably run for it again in November, so Paulina will be the one taking down Krasney."

"If Jenna stays in, they'll split the vote." said Cindy. "Krasney might yet pull it out."

"Are you kidding?" asked Teresa. "Paulina is going to get the black vote, hands down. She may split the women's vote with Jenna, but that's not going to be all that big. And I don't know who in their right mind is going to vote for Krasney."

"Right minds notwithstanding," I said, "people will vote for him merely because he's the incumbent and they don't pay attention until they get in the voting booth."

"What about the Sheriff's race?" asked Cindy. "Della's about to start running ads. I've heard that they're attack pieces on you, Don."

"Here's that ad now." said Tanya, looking at the television. We all watched:

"Standard Tools." said the announcer. "The Bypass. Ward Harvester... twice. First Baptist Church. County Airport. Cemetery Hill. The University Campus. Courthouse Square." Pictures of these buildings and the road, post-explosions and post-plane-and-helicopter-crashes, were shown, and then the riots where I'd killed that slimy perp throwing Molotov Cocktails, and the action against the Anarchists trying to take down the statue of President Jefferson.

"Commander Donald Troy is 'fundamentally transforming' the landscape of our Town & County, all right." the announcer said. "And people are dying in the process. We need a Sheriff that will corral the 'cowboy law enforcement' of the Town & County Police Force." A photo of Daniel Allgood in his 'Western' outfit and Stetson hat, next to me in my Police Uniform with my Tilley Hat, was shown.

"Della Harlow will bring order back to the Police Force, fully fund the Fire Department, and provide women and minorities equal access to opportunities in the Public Safety Department. Vote Harlow in the Democrat Primary, May 8th." said the announcer, followed by Harlow saying "I'm Della Harlow, and I approved this message. Because we need a Sheriff that will take charge, not a cowboy or an out of control Police Commander."

Wowwww..." gasped Teresa. "She's taking shots at Daniel Allgood, and basically running against you, Commander."

"Yes. Yes she is." I said. "By the way, the Fire Department is more than fully funded, since they're getting the EMS money, too."

"Well," said Tanya, with her perky, cherubic grin, "if she's going to run against you, Commander, you might as well get in the race. Shall I leak your announcement to the Press?"

"Don't you dare." I said with a grin, even as a red crowbar was being waved in her general direction. "But like I've said many times, y'all stop worrying about this."

"Whatever your plan is," said Cindy "it'd better be a damn good one."

"Oh, it is." I said. "It is..."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

At 10:00am, Thursday, March 8th, Chief Moynahan called me into the Chief's Conference Room. Also in the room was Chief Emeritus Griswold, and a Police Union official.

"What this is about, Mr. Crow-bar," said the Chief after having me sit down, "is that Precinct Captain Briggs has requested a transfer to the Sheriff's Department, which will have to be at the Captain level."

"What does the Sheriff's Department have to say about that?" I asked.

"They don't know yet." said Chief Moynahan. "Well, we haven't submitted the transfer request to them, anyway. But assuming he could transfer, I want to know your opinion of the request."

"Well," I said, "first of all, I think we should get Captain Croyle's input as Captain of Operations. She can best tell us how this transfer will affect 1st Precinct, and who we might put in the Precinct Captain slot in Briggs's place."

"Yes, and we will do that." said Moynahan. "But I want your unvarnished opinion first."

"My opinion," I said, "is that Briggs has been slacking off so badly that I don't know if he can get his ass in gear again. I think, in fact I know, that he's basically cooling his heels waiting to be promoted to Captain, which is not going to happen in the TCPD. We've come close to firing him for cause, and I don't want it to look like we're pushing a problem off onto the Sheriff's Department."

"The Union does not agree with your assessment of Precinct Captain Briggs." said the Union rep. "And we don't think you have sufficient cause to fire him."

"Direct insubordination is a very sufficient cause." I replied. "What, are you trying to goad me into going through with it?" The Union rep looked at me with a glance that was part disbelief, and part anger.

"What do you say, Grizz?" asked Moynahan. "You've known Briggs much longer than the Commander, here."

"Yeah, Briggs came into the Force sixteen years ago, after several years in the military." said Griswold. "He was a good Uniformed Officer, and climbed to the rank of Sergeant quickly. Claims he's never had to draw his gun while on duty. He was on the Detective track, but that didn't go well because he had certain views... political views... that led to him twisting facts, and possibly evidence, to suit his theories. He's actually similar to you in his viewpoints, Don, but he let that get in the way of his work. 

"So he rose to Lieutenant and then Precinct Captain, but over a long period of time, and others were promoted ahead of him." continued Griswold. "He might fit in with the Sheriff Department more than the the TCPD. So if they have a place for him, I'd support the transfer."
