 Angela could not remember a night as amazing as this. She was totally naked, her tiny body on full view for the three horny bastards. Her small tits jiggled beneath her as big Grigor rammed her cunt from behind. His cock had a lovely curve and it felt so good, buried deep inside her. 

She grunted with each thrust. Her sounds were muffled by the hard cock that was shoved in her mouth. The first of Grigor's men had fucked her and then shot his load down her throat. This next bastard was going to chase that with another blast of fresh cock juice. Angela could not have been more turned-on.

Grigor was humping faster now and her body was responding as it always did. Being small, Angela felt dwarfed by the three men surrounding her. It made the experience of being gang-fucked even more intense. She craved for them to use her. 

The gang leader had reamed her butt that night and the warmth was still flowing through her. Grigor loved to use her arse, forcing his extra thick cock into her tiny hole. The others enjoyed cumming in her married cunt. But she knew tonight he'd coat her face.

The guy in her mouth was close. Grigor would not be far behind. She was ready, eager to taste and feel their eruptions.

What made it all so good was the photos these three bastards had taken of her, naked and being screwed. Grigor would send them to her husband before Angela returned home that night.

************************

Her stupid husband had not realised it at the time, but Angela had him to thank for her new lifestyle and for all the fantastic sex she was enjoying. 

Angela had met Jeff through work. He was an IT specialist, brought in as a contractor - very clever and Angela had liked his smile from the first. He was nice and warm and somehow vulnerable which she found attractive. Angela had been surprised by that. Jeff was so different to the men she'd been involved with previously.

She was small -- only five foot and four inches. She had a face like a pixie and wore her hair short to take advantage of it. Angela felt she had a good body, slim and shapely. Her breasts were small -- barely more than an A-cup. They'd started to grow when she was thirteen and then stopped. But they were a good size for her frame and Angela liked the fact she could go without a bra in hot weather. The fact that she had hard little nipples under her T-shirt, and her boobs jiggled slightly as she walked, never bothered her. More important were the admiring looks she earned.

Angela was in finance, making big deals for corporate clients. She was the youngest in her office but she was very skilled. Even more, she had shown she had a nose for a deal, both good and bad. That wasn't the only reason for her rapid promotions but it was the explanation most of her colleagues accepted. 

She had dated Jeff a few times and found it easy to go to bed with the IT guy. Jeff was nothing special in the sack. Angela knew she'd had better. He was kind and gentle and very giving as a lover. Or was that because he was pathetically grateful to her for sleeping with him? He made her laugh and somehow she started to fall for Jeff. He was very bookish in looks and had a smallish cock compared to most men. But Angela told herself that she needed to grow up and stop thinking of relationships as being all about fucking. There was plenty of sex - Angela insisted on it. But she didn't judge Jeff on his lack of prowess even though she wished that he'd really give her a solid hammering once in a while.

About 18 months after they'd moved in together, Jeff had come to her with the news of a deal he'd been offered. It was from another client. The stake was $50,000 and this guy was offering a $50,000 pay-off in three months. It sounded too good to be true.

"Its too good to be true," she warned Jeff. "There's no legitimate way these guys can make that kind of return." 

Angela knew that had to be the case. Jeff was too stupid to realise he was being scammed.

"The deal has to be something illegal," she told him. "Or they're going to run off with our money."

The young couple, both just turned thirty, could afford that kind of money but only just. Jeff needed to listen to Angela but the big talk he'd heard had convinced him to commit the money. He had gone ahead without telling her. 

Naturally, when the deal fell through, and Jeff had to confess to Angela, she was incredibly angry with him.

It wasn't just that he'd risked their financial security. Being involved in something illegal, having helped to finance it, risked Jeff doing jail time. It meant the real chance of Angela losing her career. Worst of all, there was the chance the other people would hurt Jeff if he didn't meet their demands. 

What made it more complicated was that now, instead of paying Jeff a return of $50,000, they were demanding a further fifty grand from him. It was explained that they owed money to others involved in the deal. But the couple would lose twice as much money.

There was a meeting planned where Jeff was supposed to hand over the extra money in cash. Angela was so furious that she demanded to go to the meeting in Jeff's place. She knew it was risky but she was determined not to let her idiot de facto stuff things up again. Angela knew finance and she knew numbers. And, she well knew, they'd be unlikely to use any violence towards a woman. That meant a chance that she could keep Jeff safe. And there was always the possibility that she could talk them into a better deal. 

That wasn't the only reason for her decision. Angela was confident she could get the upper hand on the dolts who'd dreamed up the scam. The key was to turn the deal to something more favourable. She might get Jeff off the hook or, at least, reduce the amount he owed the gang. Angela was confident because she knew all too well that she had an advantage with most men. It was her secret weapon that made the difference. 

Angela liked to fuck men and she liked to suck their cocks. Most of all, she liked to suck their cocks. 

****************************

Angela had long known about the power of a woman's sexuality. She'd used it to her benefit many times. She figured that this could be another of those times.

Jeff knew nothing of this. He'd accepted Angela's version of her sexual history. He had even less experience than she would disclose. So he trusted Angela when she told him of a few boyfriends and gave only limited details of her sex life before she'd met him.

Angela had always attracted the attention of boys. Her cute face and small frame always did the trick. She'd enjoyed the fact that, of all her high school pals, she was the one who always had a boyfriend. Of course, her good looks sometimes usually boys who had certain things on their minds. Several of them had tried to force the issue with her and pulled her hand to their crotches. In the end, Angela had relented and jerked-off her first guy. 

Before uni, Angela got plenty of experience with cocks. She found them amazing things. She was hooked on cocks. She could not believe how big and hard a boy's "thing" grew even before she could touch it. 

She'd never forgotten her first. His cock had literally throbbed and pulsed as she tried to stroke it, uncertain of what to do. Being young, naturally he'd cum in seconds and Angela was amazed afresh at what a cock could do. More to the point, she was impressed that she had the power to cause such a reaction. It had seemed so easy.

With practice, having plenty of requests to indulge, Angela quickly became adept at giving relief to her boyfriends. She never kept one for more than a few months. She liked them for their cocks and once she'd gotten to know one boy and his needs she was bored and ready for a new conquest.

Then came the day she overheard her older sister talking with her friends. The discussion was about how to "keep a boy happy" but not risk getting pregnant.

"If you want to stay a virgin," her sister was saying, "then don't let a boy put his penis in your pussy. Simple"

"So then what?" asked one of her friends. "I don't want to make him dump me because he says he's got blue balls."

"No," came the confident response. "Put it in your mouth instead. Then he'll be happy and he won't want to fuck your pussy anymore."

"In my mouth?" came the anguished reply from the friend. 

"Oral sex, dummy," said a third. "I know all about that from my brother's porn collection. I think he spends hours whacking off while he watches it."

"Yes," said the second girl. "I know about sucking a guy off. But what happens then? What about his stuff coming out in my mouth?"

"That's the whole thing," her sister was saying triumphantly. "He cums in your mouth and then he doesn't want sex any more after that."

The other girl didn't sound impressed by that idea at all. She was convinced it would be horrid and yucky to have a boy ejaculate in her mouth. 

"Its disgusting," was her summary.

Angela had had a very different reaction. She knew about oral sex as well. She and some friends had discussed it and even watched some on-line videos. But it had seemed the kind of thing best left for "later". Knowing that her sister had done it, Angela was determined to try it for herself.

The next weekend, she had let a boy hit on her and then stunned him by kneeling and taking his erect cock into her mouth. He was not her current boyfriend but that was no obstacle. He'd felt even better in her mouth than in her hand. She could really feel the way he throbbed in response to her. Of course, he'd lasted only seconds. Angela had been intoxicated by the power of his cock spurting his salty semen into her mouth -- a seemingly endless flow of white semen that she had swallowed more out of surprise than anything else. Her only regret was that she should have known he'd produce so much and should have been better prepared.

The next night she'd sucked off her boyfriend and happily swallowed his entire load. He tasted even better than her first. Angela had fallen in love with her new power over boys. The boyfriend had been so grateful. Angela decided on the spot that her new mission was to give head to boys.

Not long after that, Angela decided her virginity was a burden she no longer needed. But the reputation she'd earned was for her willingness and her prowess at oral sex.

Angela was still proud of the time a friend of hers had convinced her that they should sneak into the men's changerooms at the local football club. The friend claimed to have made an arrangement with two mates of her older brother which involved she and Angela sucking their cocks. The friend had chickened-out at the last second and fled the scene. To her shock, Angela realised she was alone with three burly young males who were all expecting head-jobs. 

Not one to refuse a challenge, Angela had smiled at their throbbing hard-ons and gone to her knees. The risks were easily ignored, especially when she heard the compliments from these older guys. One after another, she'd made them slick with her saliva. Eager to impress, Angela had sucked them all to completion. 

"Touch my balls," one had said. He almost begged her. Angela cupped those strange eggs in her spare hand, fondling them as gently as she could. They felt so amazing, almost as if they were alive.

The guys had made her feel so worldly, so experienced. She delighted in being able to service all three of them. Each had been over-excited, quickly shooting their semen into her soft mouth. The sounds of their orgasms, and the encouragement they gave Angela, had made the experience even more enjoyable. They were so impressed by her and, once again, she'd found it easy. She'd swallowed all three loads, sucking to extract every last drop of juice from those three rampant cocks. It had felt a natural thing to do and, besides, she enjoyed the taste and feel of a boy's cum. It was only later that Angela worried if it was "safe" to swallow so much semen.

She never told her friend -- she lied and said that she had fled the scene as well. And none of the men ever bragged about their encounter. They might have feared her brother. But Angela treasured the memory of her wanton performance. She had a secret weapon that seemed certain to work on any male.

With all that behind her, and Jeff's stupidity, Angela was quick to formulate a plan. 

She was still furious with him. He'd done the most idiotic thing and risked both their futures. What made it worse was his decision to ignore her warnings. Most of the time, Angela tried to avoid thinking about the sacrifices she'd made for Jeff. He was a nice guy but far too pedestrian, especially in bed where his nerdy body and smallish cock were barely enough to keep her satisfied.

Now she was going to get something for herself. She would teach him a lesson at the same time.

*************************

During her time at university, Angela had enjoyed a busy sex life. Her good looks, her pixie-face, ensured plenty of attention from boys her age and older. After a time, she had realised it was prudent to "tone down" her escapades. There were far too many cocks on campus for her to suck every one of them. She took a series of boyfriends and, in the main, kept her sexual activities to those males. There was plenty of sex, with guys fucking her cunt or even her bottom -- Angela was not going to pass up the opportunity to find out how that felt. But she was always happy when the guy wanted a head-job if it meant she didn't get caught with the taste of a condom. 

Angela had never told most of the details to Jeff. She wasn't ashamed of being a slut but she wasn't interested in being judged by her new boyfriend. There seemed even less reason to tell Jeff once they'd moved in together. 

For his part, Jeff was trusting and accepted that, like him, Angela lacked a lot of sexual experience. He was curious that she seemed so "wild" in the bedroom but that was nothing to complain about. Jeff assumed that most men didn't receive regular oral pleasure from their girlfriends or wives. So he counted himself lucky. Angela loved being fucked from behind -- that had been a regular fantasy of Jeff's when he'd been younger. Angela liked to get on top and she liked sex outdoors. A few times she'd even convinced Jeff to lick her bottom.

Jeff could not have been happier so it suited him to assume that he knew everything about Angela and her sexual adventures. He had no idea about her brief fling with a married professor in third year of university. 

Angela had thought he was rather sexy, for an old guy. When she first realised he was hitting on her, she had worried that he might get into trouble. Students were warned strongly against getting involved intimately with their teachers and she knew that the staff got similar warnings. Still, she had given that little mind when she was in his office one day and he was clearly desperate to touch her. She liked the professor, very much But there was something else -- she knew she had a special weapon that gave her power over him. Her hunger clouded her judgement. Angela assumed it was she who was seducing the older man. In fact, he had carefully laid his trap, turned-on from the first by the sexy undergraduate. 

After letting him grope her briefly, Angela had sat in his plush chair while the professor exposed himself. He had a lovely looking cock and she'd happily let him press his length into her mouth. It had fit perfectly. And she remembered how differently the older man had thrust into her, mixing passion with skill as he properly fucked her face. Angela had been delighted when he came, moaning forcefully as he flooded her mouth.

Having done that once, it was easy to please the older man the next week and the week after that. It was only after a month that Angela finally let the professor fuck her, bent over his desk with her skirt pulled up and him stuffing her from behind. She felt so sexy as she exposed her flanks to the professor. He'd let out a groan at the sight of her small, firm butt. She still remembered the gasp he elicited as his steely prick had driven into her soft wetness. It was a glorious fuck and Angela's lesson had been that older men were better lovers.

They had fucked twice more, at his house. He'd been skilled in a way that boys her age could not match. The first time, she was exultant as she gave her body to the professor, to his mouth and his fingers and his wonderful cock. He'd fingered her tight butthole as he fucked her and she'd been delighted to let him take that, too. It was only when she was exhausted that he had let her rest. Then he'd moved up close to her, as she lay with her chest heaving from the fading orgasms. Staring into her eyes, he'd shot his load over her small tits and Angela had delighted in his confidence and in the power of his ejaculation.

Their liaison had been exciting and dangerous. It had ended shortly after their second fuck, when the professor's wife had come home early and suspected that he was doing more than just "tutoring' his student. Angela was sure she'd earned her grades but the extra "insurance" had been worth it. And it reminded her of how much more enjoyable it was to combine sex with risk-taking.

Most of all, sex with an older man, a senior academic, had revealed something new. As much as she hungered to suck cocks, it was the confidence and the power of older men that really did it for her. The professor was her senior in every way. He had fucked her not as a clumsy youth but as a wordly man, one with authority. She'd never breathed a word of her fling. But she'd never forgotten how the professor had fired her body and her mind.

Angela was thinking of all this as the day of the meeting approached. She even had another fight with Jeff who was insisting he should take responsibility for his actions.

"Too late, Jeff," Angela had shouted at him. "You had the chance to be responsible before you handed our money over to those arseholes."

Then Jeff had tried to use an argument about safety to dissuade Angela. He really was concerned that she might be walking into a hostile reception.

"That's why I have to go," she said, with exasperation. "You put me in this situation. But I have to go because they won't hurt me cos I'm a woman."

Angela didn't mention her real intentions. She was going to try to save them the extra money. What she really wanted was to get back the fifty grand that her idiot husband had given away so recklessly.

Her aim was to shift the deal. She would offer the gang something they weren't expecting. She'd make them re-think what they really wanted. Angela had no problem delivering something different to money. And she was sure these men would be interested in her offer -- they were males, after all.

Her plan went beyond that, too. This would be payback. Angela was in no mood to forgive her husband. Stupid Jeff deserved to be taught a lesson he would never forget. 

************************************

On the fateful night, she prepared by dressing a little more sexily than was required. It was important that she got their attention from the start. The whole time she was picking her clothes, she was remembering her first job after graduation. 

Ah yes, the firm -- surrounded by men who thought they were smarter than her. But Ange had not found it too hard to impress her employers. The guys in her team were mostly focused on their own egos. She had gotten better grades than all of them. More importantly, Ange focused on the deal and what was best for the clients. She did a good job and everyone made money. Her brains and her attitude soon brought her to the attention of the senior executives.

One of the partners, Mr Simpson, began paying Ange much more attention than was proper. He started to find reasons for them to meet. She couldn't ignore the way he looked at her. Again, Angela believed that she was in control. While knowing the risks, she started to reward his attention with little glimpses of her bra or letting her skirt ride up during their meetings in his office. When Mr Simpson started standing far too close, Angela only smiled more. The danger made it more fun. The sight of his cock swelling in his trousers made her determined.
