 PROLOGUE

It was a rainy February night. I was sitting on my computer browsing the internet for an essay as the door bell rang. 

"Pantelis, can you answer the door, please!" I called.

I was living in an apartment with two of my college friends. Ed was an old friend of mine, an Afro-American. I met him on my first day at the college. We were sharing this apartment together for 3 years, with another guy called Brendan, who graduated recently. Then Pantelis, a Greek exchange student, took his place. We didn't know much about him at first, but he was a nice guy though. He was getting along with people, plus, he was a handsome guy; tall and having a muscular body. So he usually was getting the attention of the girls at school, but did not have a regular girlfriend. Me neither. Speaking of me, I can say that I'm not that handsome, but I think I'm good looking .

Ed was staying at his fiancee's place that night. I didn't know much about this girl, but I can say that my housemate was deeply in love with her. Recently, he was spending most of the time with her. Their plan was getting married as soon as they graduated from school, that is 6 or 7 months later.

After giving a little background about me and my friends, I can continue to tell my story, the beginning of which was the door bell and goes on now with an unusual marriage. I called Pantelis to answer the door, but there was no reply. The door bell rang again. 

"Pantelis??" I called once more. 

Still no response, so I stood up from my chair and went towards the door, as the bell rang a third time. Simultaneously Pantelis was walking there, too. So, we were standing side by side at the entrance, as I opened the door. It was Alex, wet from the rain outside, standing there with a sad look on her face and a purse in her hand. 

"Oh Alex, don't stand there, come in... Is something wrong?" I said.

"Oh John..." she walked in crying and put her face on my shoulder. She was having difficulty to stand. I didn't know what to do to confront a crying woman, looked at Pantelis' face questioningly. He was more stunned than me. She was crying loud now, so I hesitantly hugged her and tapped her back. 

"Why don't you come in?" asked Pantelis. 

We went into the hall together, she sat on a couch and started to talk fast, telling something in tears, which we couldn't understand. 

"Easy, easy!" I said. "Pantelis, can you please bring a glass of water?" 

"Oh, sure." he said, then went to the refrigerator and quickly brought the water. I took the glass from him, kneeled in front of Alex and helped her to drink the water.

"Now, calm down and tell us what's wrong."

She took a deep breath and started speaking. She told us that her boyfriend had cheated on her. Here, I should tell you a little bit about Alex. She was a classmate of mine and we were close friends. Actually, I had a crush on her. She was an attractive girl, not a superb beauty but she was cute. I won't give a detailed description about her but I can say that she was resembling Allyson Hannigan, both her face and her physical posture. In the past, I was having plans to ask her out, but she started dating another guy. It was Orlando, a handsome and rich architect which I never had a chance, if I had tried to compete with him. Alex was staying at the dorm, before she met him and after a few months of dating, she moved to his place. Anyway, during daytime in the classes, Alex and I were usually together and eventually we became good friends. 

Now back to the story. After finding Orlando with another girl in his bed, Alex left the house without taking anything, walked a little on the streets in the rain, then took a cab and came to my apartment. 

"Can I stay a few days here, until I find another place?" she asked. 

"Oh, Alex. Don't worry. You can stay here as long as you want, ok?"

That night, she took a shower, put on the pajamas that I gave her and slept on the couch. The next day, we three went to Orlando's house, while he was at work, took Alex's things and brought them to our apartment. Ed also did not object to her staying. So she was staying with us, sleeping on the couch. She could not overcome the shock easily, she did not talk much and was usually crying in the nights. 

FIRST TIME

A few days passed. It was a Friday night. Ed was at his fiancee's place again. Alex, Pantelis, and I were sitting in the hall, talking, listening to music and drinking. Again Alex was not talking much, instead she was drinking a lot. As the night went on, she became more and more drunk and started talking about Orlando: what a bastard he was, how could he do that to her after two and a half years bla bla bla.

"You didn't see that bitch!" she said. "She was so ugly, unbelievable. How could this son of a bitch fuck that breastless slut? Right, she does not have breasts!"

"Take it easy!" answered Pantelis.

"I'm serious." she said again. "Pantelis, you have bigger tits than this whore. I mean, how can a man leave these!"

She was touching her breasts. She seemed not to have control of herself.

"He doesn't deserve you, forget it!" I said.

"Tell me, aren't these beautiful?" she asked caressing her tits over her t-shirt. 

Pantelis and I looked at each other. 

"Well.. I mean..errr." we both stuttered.

"Come on..." she said. 

"Need to see them first..." said Pantelis to my surprise. 

Alex grinned roguish. Then surprisingly, she slowly stripped her t-shirt off, reached behind and unstrapped her bra. My jaw dropped. Never thought any second that she'd do this, but it was the alcohol I guess. She had really beautiful tits; not small, not too big, firm and shapely. They were pretty close to each other and her nipples were big and erected.

"How do you like that?"

I was breathless but Pantelis seemed perky.

"Handful..." he said. "Do you mind?"

She said nothing, just smiled. Pantelis approached Alex on his knees and started caressing her tits. 

"Feels great!" he said.

Pantelis went on fondling her breasts, rubbing, squeezing. He took her nipples between her fingers and rubbed them. 

"You like that?" he asked.

"Mmhh. Go on." she said in ecstasy.

Then I decided to join them, instead of sitting and watching there. I stood up from the chair I sat and walked slowly towards them.

"Give me some room, pal!" I said. 

He nodded and left the right tit to me. I touched it; what a wonderful feeling. I was dreaming about this moment for a long time and now I was playing with this wonderful softball. Her eyes were closed and she was having her time. Then I started to kiss her tit, took her nipple in my mouth and sucked it. She was moaning.

"How does it taste?" asked Pantelis.

"Try yourself!"

We both were sucking her tits now. It was a weird moment for me but didn't care, as long as I could touch this beauty. She was moaning and her hands were on our heads. Our hands were all over her body. 

I put my left hand in her pants and started fondling her ass and Pantelis was rubbing her pussy through her shorts. Then slowly he peeled it off. I stopped fondling her ass and sucking her tits and kept on watching. He was kissing her legs and her thighs. I reached and kissed her lips. Her lips and tongue were burning like hell. We were french kissing and suddenly she deeply moaned.

"Aaahh, yess.." she said. When I looked down, I saw that her pants were gone, she was completely naked and Pantelis was sucking her clean shaved pussy. 

"Yeah, that's the right place..." she hissed. 

Pantelis, who was on his knees, had his hands on her inner thighs and was licking her slowly and enjoying himself. Meanwhile, he was taking his clothes off, too. Her pussy was spread out nicely and he was plunging his tongue deep into her. She started to moan as I once again started tongue kissing her and was rubbing her tits again.

This went on for almost ten minutes. She was craving on the couch and suddenly started violently shaking. She was vacuuming my tongue while having an orgasm and I was pinching her nipples. She came and came and came. Soon, she was lying on the couch, tired and heavily panting.

"Come on," said Pantelis, "let's continue on the floor."

We carried her onto the floor and she laid her down on her back. Pantelis was naked and his cock was erect with a purple head. It seemed a little shorter than my 6.7" dick, maybe 6.2" and mine was much thicker. Anyway, he opened her legs apart, mounted himself on her and adjusted the tip of his dick on her wet opening. 

"I want a hard, single thrust!" said Alex.

"You'll get what you need!" answered Pantelis and did as Alex wished. She screamed at first because of pain, but soon with the rhythm he fucked her, Alex started moaning and groaning. I sat on the floor just a foot away watching their love session. With rough hands, Pantelis gripped onto her shoulders for support, fucking her hard. Meanwhile they were kissing deeply. Meanwhile, I took my clothes off.

"I'm close..." said Pantelis a few minutes later.

"Cum in me!"

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, I'm still on the pill. Come on, I want you to wash my insides with your cum..."

What Alex said, made Pantelis start groaning and shaking. Then they remained locked together motionlessly as he savored his balls draining into her womb. 

When Pantelis collapsed onto the floor exhausted, I took over right where he left off, wasting no time to ram her gaping pussy with my own member. I remember masturbating while dreaming having sex with Alex many times and now my fantasies have come true. I was in her tight, wet hole, which was extremely slippery with both of their juices and this was an incredible sensation.

I wrapped my arms around her body and held her tight and started pumping. Now, Pantelis was watching us a few feet away with his limp and glistening dick. Fucking such a beautiful girl after a period without sex, which lasted more than a year and the highly erotic situation that night made me extremely aroused and it did not took long for me to ejaculate my jism in her pussy. 

We three were sitting on the floor now, trying to breath steadily. I was looking at Alex, sitting still naked with her pussy swollen and exposed to us, looking just so fucking sexy it was unreal. Her legs were wide open, cum dropping down from her hole. My cock started to swell again, and within a minute was hard enough that it flipped up against my belly. So was Pantelis' dick. 

I got up, approached Alex and offered my dick to her mouth. She smiled at me and eagerly licked its head, which was covered with love juices. Then she wrapped her lips around its head and went down quickly and then pulled back out slowly. She was making slurping noises as she was trying to taste every inch of my cock. She reached around and grabbed my ass to pull me closer. She did not even hesitate as she went right down and completely took it in her mouth. She held it there for a second and then slowly pulled it out before she went quickly back to the deep position. She did this a few times before she pulled it out and began to lick its tip and shaft from all sides. She brought me even closer and licked my balls.

Then I noticed that Pantelis also came closer and playing with his dick, then brought it close to her mouth. She held the base of his cock, as she put my dick in and put a few times more. Then she took mine out and put his cock in. She did the same things to his cock, too. She ran her tongue in circles over its head while it was in her mouth. Then she proceeded to alternately suck on me and then Pantelis. Her mouth felt fantastic and the alternation between cocks was so exciting. First I would penetrate her lips and then Pantelis, then back to me again. We thrust our cocks deeply into her throat each of us turning her face around so the other could enjoy the pleasure of taking her mouth. 

Pantelis lifted his foot and rubbed the top of it against her pussy as she continued to suck our cocks. Then he ordered Alex:

"Lie facedown on the floor!"

She did as ordered. Without warning, Pantelis plunged two fingers into her hot and hungry pussy. Next he straddled her, one hand on each buttock, he pulled her cheeks apart. Then holding her ass cheeks apart with one hand, he adjusted his dick with his other hand at the entrance of her cunt. He brushed his cock against her pussy lips and then pushed into her, sinking in slowly, all the way. Then Pantelis began to fuck her with slow, deep steady strokes.

I moved to face her and held her head in my hands, raised it so that she could take my cock in her mouth. She started sucking greedily as Pantelis fucked her from behind. She knew, how to please a man. Pantelis grasped her buttocks hard as he rode her and my hands held her face as my cock sank deeper and deeper into her mouth with every thrust. Maybe five minutes or more later, Pantelis shuddered his orgasm into her womb. He sat down on the floor, laid down there for a few minutes and then left the hall to go sleep, as I still was assaulting this beautiful girls mouth. 

"I'm close.." I said soon. 

She took my cock out of my mouth and started jerking. She also found my underwear on the floor and let me come on my pants. She cleaned my cock with it, after I emptied my whole load. 

We rested there on the floor for a little while and then decided to go sleep. We went to my room, got into my bed together, and hugged each other. She quickly fell asleep. I was tired too, but couldn't fall asleep quickly, because I was overjoyed, fucking this beautiful girl, which I always had secret feelings for. I was wondering whether she could remember when she woke up what had happened tonight. 

The next day, my question was answered with the shake of my bed, a squeaky sound and groans. I opened my eyes with difficulty and saw that Pantelis had mounted himself on Alex and was fucking her without mercy, right next to me. Alex saw me wake up and said:

"Come on, I need your dick in my mouth." 

What a pleasant wake up. She took my soft cock in her mouth and let it grow in her mouth, which took no more than five seconds. When it became rock hard, she started to lick just the head and slit and this drove me crazy. 

"Oh, Alex... You really know how to suck a cock."

"Mmmhh, I'm a slut!" she murmured.

"Yesss, you're such a big slut." confirmed Pantelis. Then he increased his speed and came in her pussy for the third time since last night. Quickly, I took his place and buried my prick into her wet hole.