 Lisa had never been with a woman, much less one less than half her size before but Mac had always told her about the fantasy he had. 

They had been together five years now and she wanted to do something special for him. In those years he had not only loved her but taught her to love herself for who she was. Before him Lisa had not believed that anyone could love. much less desire, a woman over 400 pounds but he showed her that her abundant body was both beautiful and desirable. In those years he had fulfilled many of her fantasy's and taught her about passion so she had decided to find someone if at all possible and give him his fantasy.

She knew that she had no desire to pay someone to be with her, it would be just too humiliating, so she began to search on line. Less than a month before there anniversary Lisa stumbled into a mailing group for women who like big women and finally met Jean, a slender 22 year old bisexual woman who lived only 120 miles away and who had serious fantasies about being with a woman three times her size. They talked on line and Jean told Lisa about her fantasies of being squashed and going down on a large woman and that she would not mind if Lisa's husband was there.

Finally they set a date for Jean to come visit without telling Mac they would have company. Friday night when he came home from work he found the house lit by candles that lead him into their bedroom where he saw a sight that both shocked and thrilled him.

Lisa stood in the middle of the room in lacy lingerie, a soft pink baby-doll and thigh high stockings covered her pale skin and her long blond hair flowed down her back. Kissing her was a short, slender, pretty young woman with short red hair and small firm breasts wearing only black thigh highs.

He stood in the doorway watching the redhead run her hands all over Lisa's fat, delicious body. Finally Lisa looked up and smiled at him. 

"Happy anniversary baby." she said, and introduced Jean to him, telling him that she was going to fulfill his fantasy. "The only thing is you have to watch, you can't play with us yet, I am not sure how comfortable I am with that but you never know. And you can tell us what to do like a porn director."

Mac agreed and drew a chair near the bed after taking off his clothes. "You two go on kissing." ordered Mac as he sat back and got comfortable.

Lisa had never kissed a girl before that day and in fact had only kissed a few men in her life. She was surprised at how different kissing Jean felt, her lips were much smaller than Mac's and softer, there was no stubble and Jean started by kissing much more gently than any man ever had. Slowly Jean's kissing got more intense and more passionate and Lisa stopped obsessing about the fact that she was kissing a woman and began to enjoy the sensation.

"Ummm, you two look so hot together, now I want you to take off Lisa's top for her, slowly." Jean reached out and began to trace the lacey edges of Lisa's baby-doll lingerie with one finger, sliding her fingers down the deep V in front and then lightly teasing Lisa's nipples before sliding her hand to the bottom of the light pink silk. She stroked her hand up Lisa's full belly to her huge tits which were four cup sizes larger than her own fine Cs. She let her hands touch the nipples for a moment than lifted the lingerie up over Lisa's head.

"Oh yeah, that's it now tease her nipples Jean, she likes them twisted hard, make her squirm." Mac began to touch his cock slowly, not wanting to come too soon. "I want to see you twist those big nipples."

Jean reached over and pinched each of Lisa's nipples between her fingers and began to twist them. "Harder." he demanded. She twisted and lifted the breasts by the nipples until Lisa began to squirm and sigh. Jean worried at first that she would hurt Lisa's thick nipples and was shocked at how much twisting they took and how much pleasure Lisa seemed to get from it.

"I want to see you suckle on her big boobs, you two get on the bed and see if you can suck each others nipples." 

Lisa lay on her back halfway down the bed while Jean got on her hands and knees over Lisa's head so that her perky little nipples were hanging in front of Lisa's face and so that she could reach Lisa's boobs. Lisa didn't wait to get orders, she had been wondering ever since talking to Jean what it would be like to suck on a woman's nipples, she had sucked her own but it was not the same. Jeans nipples were so different from Lisa's, barely half the size and darker than her own inch thick light pink nipples. 

Jean lifted one of Lisa's big breasts to her lips and sucked the swollen nip into her mouth, she had never sucked on a nipple that was so large and the feel of it in her mouth made her moan and bite down. Lisa squirmed and reached up to grab Jean's other nipple between her fingers and gave it a strong twist. They sucked and bit at each others nipples until Mac told them to stop.

"I want to see you squash Jean, I want you to lay on top of her." Mac told Lisa.

Jean rolled over on the bed and pulled Lisa towards her when it seemed that she would balk at putting her whole weight on the smaller woman. "Do it Lisa, I want to feel all of you covering me, smoother me baby." Jean pleaded.

Lisa carefully crawled over Jean and using her arms for balance lowered herself on to her holding her upper body away from Jean's chest. Jean used both arms to knock Lisa's hands out from under her so that the much larger woman fell on top of her slender form.

"Oh yeah." said Mac as Lisa's fat body nearly hid Jean from sight.

"Yes, like that! It feels so good, I am drowning in you." Jean exclaimed, "Bounce on me Lisa, please move up and down against me, smash me into the mattress." 

Lisa began to do as she was asked, slowly bouncing her body up and down over the slender form beneath her, smashing Jean's breasts flat against her chest and knocking the breath out of her. Jean sighed and moaned while putting her hands on the back of Lisa's head and drawing Lisa's mouth down to meet her lips in a deep kiss.

"Oh God baby, that is so hot, I want to see you sit on her face, make her eat your big sweet cunt." Mac began to stroke himself faster as Lisa pulled herself up, and grasping the headboard, lowered herself onto Jean's face. Jean reached up and spread Lisa's pussy lips and began to lick and suck on Lisa's clit making her bounce up and down and letting Jean catch her breath every so often.

After a few minutes Lisa began to seriously thrash and grind her pussy into Jean's face as she came, flooding Jean's mouth with her juices then rolling off of her and laying exhausted on the bed with her head hanging over the edge.

"Jean don't stop, if you keep at it she will cum and cum over and over, lick that pussy and finger fuck her hard." urged Mac as he moved to sit at the side of the bed next to Lisa. Jean dove between Lisa's legs and spreading her large wet cunt lips open she began to suck on Lisa's throbbing clit while Mac began to twist and pull on Lisa's tender nipples.

Lisa began to howl as Jean worked three of her slender fingers into Lisa's cunt and yet another orgasm caught her up and still Jean licked and fingered her furiously, driving her to three more orgasms before she begged them to stop.

"God that is hot." said Jean, "I wonder what she would do if I worked my entire hand up inside of her?"

Mac took a look at Jean's delicate hands and told her to try it as he moved to stand in front of Lisa.

He placed his cock against her lips, "Suck it baby, I want you to suck me while she fists you." 

Lisa opened her mouth and took Mac's hard cock deep into her mouth as he watched Jean work first three fingers back into Lisa's cunt then a fourth. He thrust his hips toward her and Lisa took more of him into her mouth.

Jean put all four of her fingers into Lisa and began to pump away at her, making Lisa groan around Mac's cock. Mac got hotter and hotter watching his beautiful fat lady going down on him while being pleasured by a tiny little waif a third of her size. In his desire for her Mac pushed his cock deeper into her mouth and thrust faster.

As Jean finally worked her thumb and four fingers into Lisa and let her hand slide deep inside of her Lisa let out a groan and sucked harder on Mac's cock. Jean thrust her hand in and out of Lisa's soaking wet cunt as Mac fucked Lisa's greedy mouth. Finally Lisa began to shutter and shake with another orgasm just as Mac pushed all the way into her mouth and came down her throat, pulling out, he dripped a few drops on her lips.

Jean worked her hand out of Lisa and climbed up on top of her until they were face to face, "Let me taste that." she said as she licked Mac's cum off of Lisa's face and kissed her deeply.

Mac was surprised to realize he had not lost his erection after cumming in Lisa's mouth.

"Your turn to get off Jean, I want to fuck Lisa while she goes down on you." 

Jean slid off of Lisa bulk and laid back against the pillows at the head of the bed and spread her legs. Mac helped Lisa get up and crawl between Jean's legs. "That's it baby, you lick that little pussy for me, make that little girl squirm and cum on your beautiful face." Mac directed as he got behind Lisa and worked his still hard cock into her soaking wet pussy. "My god your pussy is so wet and hot." he said as he thrust into her, pushing her face into Jean's open pussy.

Lisa wasn't sure what to do so she began to do what she liked to have done to her, first she licked from top to bottom over and over and then found the clit and flicked it with her tongue as fast as she could. Jean grabbed Lisa's long blond hair and forced the larger woman's face deeper into her cunt. "Suck my clitty, suck it hard Lisa, please, please Suck as hard as you can." begged Jean.

Lisa did as she was told and clamped her lips around Jean's surprisingly large clit and sucked deeply as Mac's fucking pushed her harder against Jean. She could taste the salty sweet taste of Jean which was more tangy than Lisa's own juices when she licked them off of Mac.

Mac grabbed Lisa's wide hips and pounded deeper and harder at her, making her entire body jiggle and shake. Finally Jean threw back her head and howled as she started to cum and pushed Lisa's face harder against her pussy lips, "Don't stop, oh God, don't stop, suck it, suck my clit hard." She demanded over and over as her little body was shaken by multiple orgasms.

Mac pounded into Lisa a final time and then pushed himself in as deep as he could as his orgasm hit him. 

Mac rolled to one side and pulled Lisa's back against him and cuddled her, Jean crawled down the bed and curled up in Lisa's arms and tenderly kissed her.

"That was amazing." said Mac.

"Jean is staying the weekend honey, wait until you see the bag of toys she brought with her." sighed Lisa as she felt both of her lovers stroking her abundant flesh.