 Rebecca was asleep in her bed for about two hours when her husband crept in the front door.  She hears him and rolls back over to sleep.  As he crawls into the bed his half of the bed sinks lower and she feels his arm wrap around her torso and smiles.  His kisses trail down her neck and his hand begins to pull up her white satin negligee.  

 “I was waiting up for you, but I fell asleep.”  

 “It’s ok, Becca.  I like waking you up this way.”  She smiled and kept her eyes closed.  

 “I like waking up this way too.”  

 “Well let’s heighten your senses a little.”  He reached over her and grabbed her eye mask from the bed table.  

 “I’d love to, Jim.”  Jim placed it on her and removed the blankets from the bed.  

 “Now no peeking, Becca.  I’m going to undress and get some goodies from the fridge.”  Jim walked out of their bedroom to see the girl he brought home with him.  He smiled at her and said,

 “Stacy, my wife is right through those doors.  Go into the bathroom and get undressed.  Then meet me back in the bedroom.”

 “Is she really going to enjoy this?  I know I will, but . . .”

 “Trust me.  She’s wanted this for a long time.”

	By the time Jim made it back into the bedroom Stacy was walking out of the bathroom. Jim kissed Stacy’s lips as his one hand felt her breast.  The two of them made it back to the bedroom and Rebecca was lying there naked curled into a ball.  Jim figured she must’ve fallen back asleep. 

She often falls back asleep while he’s getting the whip cream or strawberries.  Jim looked at Stacy and her eyes widened as she bit her lower lip.  Jim watched as Stacy walked to the bed and pulled Rebecca’s legs down.  Jim crawled on his side of the bed and wrapped his arm around Rebecca again this time his hand trailed to her shaven and now wet pussy. 

Stacy got on the other side of Rebecca and began to tease Rebecca’s nipple with her tongue.  Stacy watched as Rebecca’s hips arched and she smiled taking the whole nipple into her mouth.

Jim watched as he felt Stacy’s hand join his on Rebecca’s pussy.  Their eyes met and then Rebecca sighed.  Jim smiled and removed his hand from Rebecca’s cunt.  He began to rub himself and as he did this Rebecca reached for the head that was sucking her nipple and felt the long curly hair.  Quickly Rebecca removed her eye mask and looked at Stacy.  Stacy stopped and smiled at Rebecca as Rebecca looked at Jim.

 “Who’s this, Jim?”

 “This is Stacy.  I brought her home for us to enjoy.”  Stacy smiled.

 “Hi, Rebecca.”

 “Jim, why didn’t you tell me?”

 “Put the eye mask back on and relax.”  Rebecca was starting to cover herself 
back up and Jim shook his head no.  “Relax.  Stacy isn’t going to hurt you.”  
Stacy smiled and began to kiss her way down to Rebecca.

 “Only if that’s what your into.”  Rebecca looked at Jim and he bent down to start kissing her before she could argue back.  She pulled away and as she did Stacy reached her wet pussy and Jim got to see Rebecca’s reaction the first time his wife has ever been licked by a woman.  Her face bore a face that was pure pleasure.  He smiled and asked.

 “How does that feel?”  Rebecca couldn’t say anything just a groan.  Jim chuckled and grabbed her breast in his hand and began to squeeze her nipple all the while watching her reactions.  He wanted to fuck her so badly.  His cock was so hard but he wanted her to get eaten out by a woman.

 “Becca, I’m going to sit back and watch.  I need to cum.  I’ve been wanting to fuck you all night.  I’m too horny to hold back now.”  Rebecca reached out for his cock and brought it to her mouth.  Her hips were moving like crazy as Stacy’s fingers were gliding in and out of her cunt.  Stacy smiled at Jim and then went back to sucking her clit. 

	The way Rebecca was sucking on his cock he knew he was going to cum soon.  Sooner than he would have liked.  She was contracting her throat and moving so hard and fast on his shaft.   Rebecca tasted a drop of pre-cum and pulled her mouth off his cock.  Because he felt her suddenly stop he looked down at her.

 “Why did you stop?”

 “I want to see you fuck her while she eats me out.”  Stacy looked up and Jim said,

 “Well honey, she’s here for you.”
 “Jim, I’ve always wanted to cum while your fucking someone else.  Why don’t we move so we can all enjoy this.”

	Rebecca moved to the edge of the bed and Stacy knelt on the floor and Jim came up behind her.  Rebecca handed Stacy some pillows for her knees and then Jim grabbed Stacy’s hips entering her soaking cunt so hard with the first thrust she groaned in Rebecca’s cunt.  They all were on the verge of cumming.  

Rebecca pulled on her ankles more getting her cunt closer to Stacy’s mouth.  Stacy was moaning so loudly into her cunt that the vibrations were turning Rebecca on more.  Rebecca came as soon as she saw Jim’s face as he thrust in and out of Stacy’s cunt. 

Rebecca pulled her cunt away from Stacy’s face and moved toward her.  Rebecca started to kiss Stacy and let her hands roam down to Stacy’s breast to squeeze them.  As soon as Rebecca tasted her cum on Stacy’s lips she kissed her harder.  Rebecca moved her hand away from Stacy’s breast and let her hand trace Stacy’s spine until Rebecca felt Stacy’s crack. 

 Rebecca placed a nipple of hers into Stacy’s mouth to suckle on while she watched Jim getting closer and closer to cumming.  He started to hunch over and Rebecca met his lips and knew he tasted her cum on her own mouth.  He started to cum into Stacy and Stacy bit down a bit on Rebecca’s nipple as she started to cum.  

Once Stacy and Jim came Jim stood up and walked over to the bed and collapsed.  Stacy stood and left the room.  Rebecca leaned over Jim and kissed his lips.

“That was a wonderful way to wake up.  Thank you so much.”

 “No, Becca.  Thank you.”  The front door opened and shut and Rebecca looked at Jim.

 “Do you think we’ll see her again?”

 “Of course we will.  She moved in right down the hall.”