 SHAVING HER

It was a Friday night at the end of March; I, Alex and Pantelis were having a wonderful night at the bar. Alex had really sexy clothes on her, a halter top without a bra and a miniskirt, which revealed a lot of flesh when she danced. We danced a lot together and everybody was looking at us, because both Pantelis and I were feeling up Alex's body at the same time. Our hands were all over her waist, legs, ass and even her breasts. She was also giving us kisses on the lips and we didn't care about the puzzled looks of the people. Yeah, we were really drunk.

When we got back home, I started to kiss her lips immediately. We were hugging each other as Pantelis was fondling her ass under her skirt. Then he stripped her G-string down her legs and as I could see from above, he spread her ass cheeks with his hands and started licking her asshole. Alex was moaning. Then she broke the kiss and turned her back to me, to let Pantelis lick her pussy. He didn't lose any time to bury his tongue in her hole. I cupped her breasts from behind, squeezed them and started kissing her neck. 

"You're such a filthy whore," said Pantelis, "your bush is like a jungle. I'll shave them."

"What?" she asked.

"You heard me. Come on, let's go to the bathroom."

"But you're drunk," she said and laughed loud.

"Don't worry; I don't want to damage that perfect little pussy!"

She giggled as Pantelis held her hand and dragged her to the bathroom. I followed them. 

"Take your clothes off!" ordered Pantelis.

She teasingly took her halter top off and then removed her skirt. She remained completely nude. Pantelis was removing his clothes, too. So did me.

"Get in the bath tub!"

She eagerly obeyed and lay down in the tub. She moved her legs apart and was waiting for him. I approached the bathtub and sat down on the floor to watch this ceremony, my hand on my hard dick. Pantelis had a washcloth in his hand in addition to the blade. He turned the shower on and as hot water started running down, he washed the cloth in his hand. He leaned and gave the hairy pussy a kiss. He washed her pussy with the wet warm wash cloth. She squirmed as the water ran down on her pussy. 

"John, can you please give me the foam over there?" asked Pantelis.

"Sure" I said and brought him the can. 

He massaged the foam gently over her hairy pussy and inner thighs. Her lower abdomen was a bed of white foam. He made the first stroke, slowly, and deliberately trimmed the edge of her foamy triangle. It glided smoothly through her muff, leaving behind only soft beautiful skin behind. Another stroke and more skin were revealed. Stroke by stroke the dark curls came away on the blade.

"You like that?" asked Alex.

"It looks so good; I can't wait to see you when it's all gone"

"Me too," she said. "The feeling of that blade sliding over my skin is making me drip."

She seemed so sexy and I couldn't hold myself so I leaned and kissed her. I slid my tongue between her lips. Our tongues fought inside her mouth, pushing and sliding against each other. Meanwhile, Pantelis was working down very slowly, careful not to cut her lips as I was now watching his movements. He was holding the flesh of her cunt lips between his fingers to give a straight area to shave. Most of the foam was gone and her slit was open, bringing her swollen clit and cunt into view. Finally he was finished now. 

"And done!" he said.

He moved his nose close to her pussy and deeply inhaled the scent.

"Smells perfect!"

I pulled the shower head from its mount and sprayed her down, washing all the shaving cream off.

"Let me check here!" he said and spread her ass cheeks. 

"Mmmh!" he said. "Clean!"

He licked his index finger, started sliding it between her cheeks and rubbing her asshole. She moaned and pushed back against his finger, forcing it into her tight hole. 

"You want more?" he asked. 

She said nothing in response, but began to rub her clit furiously. 

"I'll take that as yes!" 

Her hips rocked up and down, his finger was sliding in and out, and her moaning was growing louder. I leaned over, moved her finger away and started massaging her clit myself. Pantelis pulled his finger out and sat on his knees. He adjusted his prick on her cunt and then buried it in. He was fucking her furiously and I was still massaging her clit. Alex was screaming with delight. It didn't take too long for her to start violently shaking and having an orgasm. Pantelis followed her and left his place to me. Quickly, I started fucking her cum-filled hole, as I always liked.

DP

Sometime in the middle of April, we were at home except Ed, who was at his fiancées place as usual. It was past midnight. Pantelis was in his room and Alex and I were studying for an exam together. I was explaining her something on the book but realized that she was looking into my eyes. She had a roguish smile on her face. With a sudden move, she found my lips and started a deep kiss. 

Harshly, we started to take each other's clothes off. We both remained naked except for our underpants. I started sucking her tits and squeezing her ass, putting my finger under her panties and poking her asshole. She took my dick out of my boxer and was jacking it off. 

"Lay down on your back!" she ordered me. 

I did, as she said. She hooked my boxers with her fingers on its sides and peeled it off. My dick was swinging. She took its head in her mouth and started to give me head with her magic tongue. 

"Oh, God!" I howled.

She was directly looking into my eyes, with my dick in her mouth. 

"How's that?"

"Grrreat!" I howled again.

Then she straightened herself, took her panties off showing me her beautiful pussy. She straddled me and then widened her legs until her pussy was just touching my cock, which of course was hard as a bone and pointing straight up my belly. She wiggled her hips back and forth sliding her pussy along the length of my cock, without inserting it. She was both very hot and very wet. 

"Come on, put it in!" I hissed. 

"Not yet." she said smiling. 

At this juncture, the door of my room opened and Pantelis stepped in. He was naked waste down and had a hard on.

"Look what you did to me?" he said holding his dick in his hand.

"Mmmhh..." said Alex. "You know what to do!"

Without saying anything else, he walked behind Alex, reached under her, slid his hand in between Alex and me and fingered her pussy. 

"Ahhh!" she moaned loudly.

She leaned over to kiss me moving her ass up higher than it had been. Pantelis took a small bottle out of his shirt pocket, obviously lube. He opened the bottle and dripped some of the 'personal lube' on his cock. Then he applied some oil onto her ass, too.

"What are you doing?" she asked turning around.

"As usual," he said.

"You already fucked my ass once this week," she protested.

"This is gonna be different baby," he said. "Now relax."

Pantelis started moving his hand over her asshole, spreading the lube. He started to finger her ass and dripped some more lube there, as Alex cried out with pain. Then he dripped a little more lube on his cock, moving it up and down her crack and then slowly pushed it in. 

"Oh, be gentle!" gasped Alex as Pantelis pushed a little more into her.

"How's that?"

"Slowly.. Do it slowly!" she said. 

"Ok, don't worry."

He slowly pumped in and out and with every thrust his dick was going a little more in. In a few minutes, he was able to bury his full length into her. He made a few more slow strokes.

"Do you feel pain?"

"Just a little," she said.

He fucked her a few minutes more.

"Now it's time for one more!" he said.

"What?" she cried.

"John is waiting for you."

"No way!"

"Come on, you'll love it," he said.

She objected that idea at first but we convinced her quickly. 

"Ok," she said, "but when I say stop, you'll stop, ok?"

"Promise!" we said.

She reached down to grab my cock. The movement was a little awkward with Pantelis' cock stuffed into her ass, but she managed to lift a bit and with my help slid the tip of my cock up into her very wet, tight pussy, which certainly did not need any extra lube. 

Alex had her head turned up like she was looking at the sky, with a weird look on her face expressing her pain. Slowly she lowered herself more on my dick. "Aaah!" she yelled and stopped her progress.

"Take it a little bit out," she said to Pantelis.

Pantelis took it halfway out. Alex took a deep breath and then suddenly sat on my dick and buried it completely in her cunt. Once again, she cried with pain. We remained like this for a few minutes, without making any movement.

"Are you ready now?" I asked impatiently.

"Ok, ok. Let's go!" 

She started rocking her hips back and forth, which had the effect of alternately sliding me and then Pantelis in and out. I reached up to play with her nipples and she gasped. We fucked for more than five minutes and finally she could overcome pain. She was now moaning with pleasure.

"Oh fuck that is soooo good. Oh God - fuck me boys, more, more, more!". 

I had never done a double penetration before and was surprised that I could feel my friends cock move against mine through her as he slid it deep in her ass. The feelings were incredible. 

"That's cool!" he said. "Your ass feels tighter than ever."

The situation was so erotic for me I don't know how I had held off cumming for that long. Alex leaned over a bit and I pulled her down to suck on her breasts as Pantelis and I fucked her. I then heard Pantelis mutter.

"Oh fuck oh fuck oooohhh Fuck!" 

God, I could feel his cock throb. He emptied his load deep into her rectum and then remained silent, with his cock buried deep in her. Alex remained still and I started pumping in and out. I was fucking fast as an engine piston. Pantelis' cock was still buried till in her asshole and I could feel it. When I bit down a little on Alex' nipple, that set her off and she started to cum, almost screaming and nearly incoherent.

"Oh Goood! Yessssss!"

Her orgasm lasted very long, almost two or three minutes. Her cunt muscles were contracting and vacuuming my cock. It was too much for me and I immediately started to ejaculate deep into her pussy at the same time. It was a huge cum, seven or eight big squirts of jizz, as I thrust as deeply into her as I could. She collapsed on me and we remained like this for at least five minutes, our cocks softening in her holes as we were trying to recover our breaths.

Finally Pantelis raised himself slowly and Alex shuddered as he slipped out of her ass. She then pushed herself up to a kneeling position and then lifted her butt and I slipped out. She sat on the bed, her legs spread and cum dripping from her pussy. She grinned. 

"That was fantastic! I never thought that I could cum that hard."