 He lay there, wondering what would come next. As if in answer, he felt Erica's hand slip to his flaccid cock and gently begin rubbing the slit with her thumb. The ball of her thumb was so soft, so gentle. Tingles spread up and down his spine. In no time, he felt his penis begin to grow again. He was a bit amazed at his recuperative powers. Normally it took awhile for him to be able to achieve another erection, but this was anything but a normal situation.

"Prew, honey," Erica cooed. "Why not set up the video cam and come over here and get into the act?" He watched as her husband set up the camera then quickly undressed. He noticed with pride that Prew was not nearly as well endowed as he was, probably six inches to his eight and a half. Funny how guys place such importance on that he mused.

"There's my favorite playmate," Erica said as her husband turned to her. "Come over here and let me give him a kiss." With her hand still on his own cock, he watched Erica take her husband's erection completely into her mouth. He noticed how practiced they were together, how Prew moved in time to Erica's oral ministrations, and thought how often the couple must have done this in the past.

Erica pulled her mouth off her husband's penis and said, "Prew, don't you think it's time my fantasy was fulfilled?" She turned shifted on the bed until she was on all fours, her butt pointing straight back towards him while her head was at the foot of the bed. Prew moved so that she could again take him into her mouth and said to him "I think she needs a fucking."

That was all the invitation it took! He positioned himself between her legs, admiring the roundness of her ass cheeks, the gleam of her juices on her rectum and labia, then guided his hard cock between her still soaking pussy lips. He moaned with pleasure at her tightness, like a velvet glove it that gripped his shaft. A benefit of having a husband with a small cock, he thought. She began to move her hips in time with his stroking, all the while feasting greedily on her husband's tool. The sounds she made, slurping, moaning, and the way her hand rose to play with her breast, fingers pulling on her nipple, drove him wild. 

He pumped faster and faster, driving deep into her hot love canal. Suddenly, her vaginal muscles clamped onto his shaft, holding him in her, deep, milking him. She pulled her head off her husband for a minute and whispered, "Slow down. Make it last." She wiggled her hips then, the sensation along the nerves of his penis was electric.

With tremendous effort he tried to follow her request, taking long, slow strokes, the tip of his cock touching her cervix on each inward thrust, then pulling back to glide across and almost out of her hot lips. He opened his eyes to see Prew lightly slapping Erica's cheeks with his cock. Erica moaned with pleasure before taking her husband back into her mouth and sucking him in deep.

He couldn't hold out much longer. His strokes increased in speed, as did the bobbing of her head on the cock in her mouth. He reached a hand around her, his finger finding her clitoris. He rubbed it in time to his stroking and felt her respond. Her orgasm shook the bed. That was the final straw for him. Squeezing her ass tightly, he let out a roar, then popped out of her, spurting his hot seed all over her back and ass. At the same time, Prew pulled out of her mouth and sprayed her face and hair with his own jism. Erica grabbed Prew's spurting shaft and milked the last drops onto her cheeks. 

His own orgasm was subsiding. He rubbed his still stiff penis through the cum that had collected on her ass. Erica reached her hand back and helped guide him through it, then brought her fingers to her mouth and licked them clean. She then rolled onto her back, her full breasts falling to each side a bit and asked Prew to bring her another drink.

"Let's rest up just a bit before round three, okay boys?" she asked. Her husband attended to the camera then made the drinks.

'Round three'??? Could he go another? He wasn't sure, but as Prew handed him a drink and he looked at how seductive Erica was, lying there, semen still on her face, he knew he would give it his best try!

End of Chapter 3