 Last summer I had something happen to me that I thought would never happen to me. I had just moved into an apt. because my ex and I had split up and I needed a place to live.

Later that day as I was starting to get my place in order my caretaker came and knocked on the door, he asked if I could move my truck as I had the parking place next to the door, and there was another couple of people moving in that day. I said sure and went out to where my truck was parked. I noticed two beautiful women standing by a half ton. They came over and introduced themselves as Lisa and Monica. They quickly said thank you and I didn't pay any more attention to them as they had six big guys waiting to help them unload the truck.

About four hours later, Lisa came to my door and told me that they were finished and that I could move my truck back. I thanked her and went out to move my truck.

The next morning as I was getting ready to go shopping and leaving the apt. I ran into Lisa again and she asked where I was going. I said that I had to go get some groceries and she asked if she could join in as she had to shop too. Lisa and I went of to the mall and did our shopping, probably spending more than we needed to. When we got home her room mate Monica was there and helped carry the groceries in.

After we had got everything where it was supposed to go they both thanked me for taking Lisa shopping. The kiss and hug that I got from both was a lot more than a thank you and there was a very lusty smile on both of their lips.

I went home and finished putting away the stuff that I had bought. About ten minutes after I had finished, there was a knock on the door. I said come in and Lisa walked in and said "would you like to come over for a drink of wine and help us celebrate our new apt." I said "sure, but give me a minute and I will be right over." 

About two minutes later I was in their apt with a wine of glass in my hand. Lisa was sitting on the couch with me and Monica was sitting on the floor in and Indian style of sitting. I could see the outline of her cunt as she was sitting there. Lisa, too was a little more displaying than I would expect. She had her left leg up on the arm of the couch and I could get a peek of one of her lips.

Monica and Lisa were getting a little aggressive with their talk and the talk soon was on the topic of sex.

Monica said to me "Have you ever had two women at the same time?

"Yes", I replied "in fact I have had three friends at the same time."

Lisa asked if it was good and I told her that it was the best night of sex that I had had in my life.

Lisa then commented that, that seemed like a challenge. Monica agreed and said she was up to the challenge.

Lisa said she was too, and proceeded to come over and lean in and give me a long tongue filled kiss. Monica in the mean time started to rub my leg just below my crotch. 

Lisa's kisses started getting more demanding and she actually started to suck on my tounge so hard that I thought she was trying to suck it out of my mouth. I started to think that I might as well take advantage of the situation, and I lifted Lisa so that she could straddle me.

Lisa was only to willing and she continued to kiss me. I started to undo her halter top to let out her wonderfully firm 36d tits. After they were out, I started to play with them, and soon had her nipples as hard as a 45 pistol shell. Lisa started to get very squirmy on my lap and soon was rubbing her crotch on my leg. 

Monica saw this happening and lifted Lisa's ass back up and started to rub Lisa's crotch through her shorts and it had a sudden and wonderful effect. About ten minutes into this rubbing Lisa stood up and took off her panties. While she was doing this Monica reached up and pulled my pants down and off my legs.

Lisa's eyes almost bulged out of her sockets as she saw my cock being released from my pants, and she got the biggest grin on her face.

Monica in the meantime, was getting out of her clothes and when she had gotten completely undressed she came over to me and started to kiss me. I felt her 38dd tits crushed up against my chest and her full lips were crushing mine right against my teeth. Monica sure knew how to kiss and I was actually getting harder as she kissed me.

Lisa in the meanwhile had reached underneath Monica and started to stroke her cunt. It wasn't long and Monica was starting to moan as she kissed me. Lisa was really making Monica get hot and she also started to play with my cock. 

Monica stopped kissing me and said to Lisa that she should make up her mind what she wanted to do. To either Play with Monica's cunt or my cock.

Lisa said she wanted to do both, and she told Monica to turn around and straddle me again. Monica did one better, after she turned around, she lowered her self on me and took me all the way into her hot wet cunt.

Lisa said that that would work, and came in close, to where we were on the couch. She buried her face into Monica's fur, and started to suck on Monica's clit. Monica started to moan again and as she was brought closer to cumming she started to clamp down on my cock. Lisa's mouth would everyonce in while roam on the underside of my cock, as it was buried in Monica's cunt.

Lisa soon had Monica just writhing and it was affecting me. Monica's cunt became so tight that I couldn't hang on any longer. I filled Monica's cunt with a huge load of cum just as she started to cum herself. The juice that resulted started to flow out of Monica's cunt. Lisa just put her face in there and was licking up the juices as it ran out of Monica's cunt.

Monica finally got off me and there was juice still running down her leg. Lisa pulled her close and licked the juice off her legs and from her cunt.

Lisa then stood up and commented that it was her turn. She leaned in and started to kiss me, Monica licked me and got me hard again so that Lisa could fuck me. Lisa commented that she wanted the same thing but just a little different. She told me to lie on the floor.

After I lied down, she mounted me with her back to me. She layed down on top of me, and just clenched me with her cunt. She told Monica to get on top of her in a 69 position. Monica climbed on and soon was eating Lisa and licking my cock. I could hear Lisa sucking on Monica's cunt and it was getting me hotter than I had ever been.

I reached out and spread Monica's legs further apart and I moved Lisa's head out of the way so that I could have access to Monica's cunt. I reached up and put two fingers into her cunt. After I got my fingers really juiced up, I reached up and started to work my fingers into Monica's ass. That just sent her over the edge. She not only started to suck on Lisa's clit but she started to work with me and move with my fingers. 

A short time later, we experience a full blown orgasam that we all had at the same time. Lisa was moaning so loud that I thought she was going to make me deaf. Monica came so hard that she actually flowed juice down her slit and all over Lisa's face. I came again, but maybe with not so much force. 

After we all came down form that high, we untangled off the floor and sat on the couch just doing small little foreplay things. The girls said that we had really broken in the apt. and that we would have to do it to mine. 

That is another story, and I will tell it soon.