 Brad was sitting at his desk looking at the financial statement that his accountant had given him. He hadn't realized how much business he had done since setting up his own operation two years ago. Before that, he had worked for Skidmore, Owens for about five years where he earned a national reputation for designing such buildings as the New Museum in Dallas, the Bank of China headquarters in Beijing and the magnificent estate, The Willows, which he designed for the president of Coca Cola in Atlanta. Now that he was on his own, and a few clients from Skidmore had followed him which gave him a good start, he had decided to specialize in his first love, which was private homes and estates. The Willows was the last job he did for Skidmore and it showed his amazing talent in designing a unique and very livable environment for people who are looking for something really different.

His thoughts were interrupted by the intercom when his secretary, Norma, told him it was a Mr. John Cartwright who was referred by the owner of The Willows. Brad told her he would get it and picked up the phone and introduced himself. Cartwright told him that he was a guest at The Willows a few weeks ago and wanted to personally congratulate him for his magnificent concept. Then he said that he and his wife are thinking about building a new home and wondered if he would be interested in designing it for them. Brad kept a straight face but was jumping up and down inside as he accepted the commission because this man was almost as powerful as the owner of The Willows and whatever he did for him would be seen all over the world. 

He asked a number of questions regarding the property and the size of the house he wanted. It was to be built on 100 acres in Westchester County which involved rolling hills, forests, a small lake, trout stream and breathtaking scenery everywhere. When he got the basic information he wanted, he asked if he could see the property first and they made plans to meet the next day and John, who insisted he call him that, told him he'd pick him up at 10 am at his office. 

After he left, Brad let go a big sigh and walked over to Norma's desk and told her what a big break this commission could be and then decided to call it a day since it was late afternoon already and he headed home. The apartment was empty since it was about an hour before his wife, Tyko would be home from work. He undressed and showered and was sitting in his robe in the living room reading a magazine when she came home. She was surprised not only to see him home but it looked like he already showered also. He answered her look by telling her of the new commission and what it could mean to his reputation and she squealed in delight and came over and sat in his lap and planted a big kiss on his lips. 

As she sat there, she felt his cock get hard and push up against her ass cheek so she reached underneath and slipped her hand into his robe and grasped his erection in her fist. As soon as her hand closed over his shaft, he was lost and was all hers which always happened each time she did it. She slipped off his lap and onto the floor at his feet and gazed admiringly at his beautiful erection before running her fingers over his tight ball sac and thick, throbbing shaft. Her fingers felt wonderful but when she started licking his shaft and crown, he was transported into another world. She took him up on a series of highs and then slowly brought him down again until his penis jerked and he fed her load after load of hot cum which she gobbled up and licked her lips for more. She kept sucking his softening organ long after his orgasm to make sure she got all of his juices and then jumped up and announced that it was her turn to cum as she lay back on the couch and opened her legs wide to show him her sexy spread.

He always found the sight of her spread wide like this to be a fantastic turn on for him and he couldn't resist getting down and kissing the insides of her thighs as he slowly worked his way up to her crotch. He looked at the petal like labia that were slightly swollen and parted revealing her wet, pink hole just below and took each lip in his mouth and sucked it before sliding his tongue into the wet, pink opening and tasting her delicious juices. He moved back and forth from her dripping wet hole to her erect clit and soon had her climbing the walls in heat. She had her legs spread wide and her hands on his head as she moved her hips and moaned in desire. 

Then she started to shudder and held his head tightly to her crotch as she wet his face with her nectar and told him to keep sucking until he got every last drop. After she came down from cloud 9, he lifted his face from her crotch and thanked her for a most delicious appetizer before dinner and she took the hint and got up and started preparing something to eat.

They talked about the new commission during dinner and Brad told her all about John Cartwright and his meeting with him tomorrow to see the property. They cleaned up after dinner, watched a movie on HBO and went to bed early and had a nice slow fuck before falling asleep still wrapped in each other's arms. 

He got to the office early as he wanted to check up on his new client before meeting him. From the information he received, it seemed as though Cartwright was a very wealthy bottler and had most of the NY Metro area as customers. He was married to a former beauty queen and had 2 grown children who were married and living on the west coast. He had pulled up some interesting newspaper articles about the Cartwrights in which there was some innuendos about wild parties at their home but no details. Norma walked in and told him that Mr. Cartwright was waiting for him downstairs so he picked up his attaché case and headed out the door. 

Cartwright was sitting in a large Lincoln SUV in front of the building and, after greeting him, they headed up the FDR Drive to the Major Deegan and then got on the Saw Mill Parkway. During the drive he asked John how large a home he was considering and was told that it had to have at least 10 bedrooms as they have a large family who comes to visit often and they often have weekend parties for friends and need the room.

John pulled off the highway at the Katonah exit and drove a few miles north before pulling onto a narrow country road and following it up a gradual incline a few hundred feet before coming to a stop at the top. They got out of the truck and Brad was impressed by the view. John told him that they were just about in the middle of the property and showed him the boundaries in each direction. Brad told him that from what he could see, this would be the perfect spot to build the house as the view was magnificent and overlooked all the property. He told him that there was plenty of room for a large house and hardly any major earth moving equipment would be required to flatten the land. 

He took out his attaché case and pulled out a sketch pad on which he made a few sketches of the views in various directions and then told John that he had seen enough. Before leaving, John told him that he and his wife enjoy sunbathing nude and that he wanted the house and pool to be totally secluded so that no one could see anything from anywhere in the area. Brad smiled and told him that he and Tyko love to do that also and he would make sure that the property was landscaped with that in mind. 

As they were driving back to the city, John asked him how long it would be before he could see a drawing of Brad's concept and Brad told him that he would have something for him to look at within a week. John suggested that when he has the drawing ready, he should come up to his house so that he could meet Dina, his wife as she can't wait to see his ideas on paper. In fact, he suggested that Brad bring his wife also and spend the day with them relaxing around the pool and staying for dinner. Brad told him that Tyko works during the week and could only join him on a weekend so they made tentative plans for the following Saturday depending upon whether the drawing was ready. 

He dropped him in front of his building and Brad told him he'd call him to verify their appointment by Wednesday. When he got up to his office, he immediately started work on ideas for the main house and by the end of the day had pretty much decided on the style and scope of the project. It was to be a sprawling split level house with lots of floor to ceiling glass wrap-around walls so that the view in every direction would always be prominent. He was excited about the new project and showed Tyko the sketches when he got home and told her about their date for Saturday. He also mentioned that the Cartwrights also liked to sunbathe nude so he didn't think bathing suits would be necessary. 

Saturday rolled around and they were driving up to Harrison around noon as John had asked him to make it for lunch when they talked on the phone Wednesday. John's directions were perfect and they pulled into a tree lined driveway a few minutes before noon and drove up to a large Victorian style house where the Cartwrights were standing and waiting for them. John's wife was a tall, gorgeous blonde with what looked like a killer body. John explained that he had a camera on the entrance to the driveway and they saw them pulling in. He introduced Dina and Brad introduced Tyko and they went into the house. They were wearing terry robes and sandals and Brad assumed that they had been sitting out by the pool. John asked if they would like to change as they have lunch prepared at the pool and told them that they could slip on bathing suits if they wish but that it wasn't necessary as they have robes ready for them also. 

Dina showed them to one of the guest rooms and told them that the robes are hanging in the closet and told them she'd see them at the pool and turned to leave. Brad glanced down at her magnificent ass as she walked away and his penis jerked when he watched the robe moving sensuously as her ass cheeks moved. Tyko had noticed it also and remarked about how beautiful Dina was and that John was an extremely attractive man also. She smiled at him and asked if he had already made it with John since they seemed quite friendly and now with the nude sunbathing and all, it looked like a setup to her. He told her that nothing had transpired between them and that, from his quick research into John's background, he surmised that they were fairly loose sexually and today might turn out to be a very pleasant surprise for them.

They undressed, slipped on the robes and went back inside where John was waiting for them in the sitting room. He led them out to the large kidney shaped pool where Dina was relaxing totally nude on a double chaise lounge and looked absolutely magnificent. John walked over to the chair and casually removed his robe and sat down alongside his wife. As he sat back on the cushion, both he and Tyko's eyes were riveted to John's penis as it was very thick and even though it was soft, looked like it was going to be a beauty when hard. Dina noticed their eyes locked on her husband's organ and smiled as she told them that they were gazing at her favorite hobby. Tyko slipped off her robe and it was their turn to stare as her sexy body came into view and she sat down on the other lounge chair opposite them. When Brad took off his robe and turned to face them, there was a sharp intake of breath from Dina as her eyes locked on his penis and full balls. 

He noticed that John was staring at his cock with unrestrained lust in his eyes as he sat down alongside Tyko. Dina went over to the food table and prepared a plate for each of them and handed it to them as she then prepared plates for them also. As they sat and talked about various things and mutual acquaintances, John's eyes were moving back and forth from Tyko's sensational body to Brad's superb penis and when they were having coffee, he noticed that John's organ was slowly rising. 

Tyko had noticed also and her eyes were dancing as she watched the beautiful organ harden. When it was fully erect, Dina smiled and grasped it in her hand and asked them if either of them would like to try it out. When Tyko heard that, she asked Brad to go ahead since she wanted to watch him a while. He got up and walked over to their chair as Dina got up and sat down alongside Tyko mentioning that watching John with another man was one of the biggest turn ons for her as well. As Brad stood next to John, he felt John's hand on his leg moving up his thigh until it reached his full, tight ball sac where he fondled his balls for a moment before taking the rapidly rising shaft in his hand and guiding the head to his lips and licking the crown with the flat of his tongue before taking the head in his mouth and gently nursing on it. 

Brad was hard as a rock in a minute and John stopped long enough to remark to Dina that this indeed was a cock to enjoy as Dina watched him with lust in her eyes as he toyed with Brad's beautiful organ. He asked Brad to lower the back of the chair and lay down with him so they could get to know each other more intimately. Brad did so as he couldn't wait to get at John's fabulous, thick penis and they rested their heads on each other's thighs as they began licking and sucking their crotches.

Tyko was breathing heavy as she watched the sexy sight before her and Dina reached over and tweaked her erect nipple as she told her what a turn on it was to watch them eating each other. Then Tyko reached over and played with Dina's erect nipple also just before sliding her hand down between Dina's sexy thighs and into the folds of her wet pussy. Dina spread her legs wide and put her hand over Tyko's hot crotch and the two of them played with each other as they watched their two men working on each other's erections while making sexy comments to them and trying to direct the show. Dina had Tyko lifting her ass off the chair as she tweaked her clitoris which was hard and peeking out of the folds of the hood and Tyko returned the sensations by doing the same to her while the two of them had their eyes locked on their men and the cocks they were sucking. 

Then Dina cried out as her orgasm hit and she went into a series of convulsions during which she pulled on Tyko's clit and triggered her orgasm also. Both women were staring at their men as they came and Brad happened to look over when he heard their gasps and moans and locked eyes with Tyko as she was cumming and he was deep throating the absolutely delicious cock in his mouth. He could see that she was in another world as she held Dina's hand tightly to her cunt and slow fucked it as she came. 

Meanwhile, he was totally enjoying sucking on John's organ and found him delicious and loved his manly aroma. John had started working his mouth up and down his pole and drawing deeply on the organ as he sucked and Brad started to go up on a wonderful high. He started to do the same to John as he wanted to try and time their orgasms for the same time. As he sucked deeply on the beautiful cock, he felt John responding to his efforts and knew that they were heading in the same direction. Suddenly, the organ in his mouth jerked and shot a hot load of cum onto his tongue which he found delicious. As he was savoring each load, his orgasm struck and he began pumping ropes of hot cum into the hungry mouth that couldn't seem to get enough and the two of them went off to heaven together and emptied their balls into each other. 

They came back down to earth to applause from their wives who told them that they had just put on the hottest show they ever saw and then asked for an encore performance with a sly smile on their faces. Brad told them that all they would need was a few minutes rest and they could easily go right back for more if that's what they want and they immediately changed their minds and admitted that they both wanted cock. Brad told Tyko that she absolutely must try John's penis as it tastes delicious and will feed her all sorts of tasty juices from precum to cum and John followed by telling Dina that, if she wants to taste something really delicious, she must try Brad's thick organ. Both gals took us at our word and Dina came over and sat down alongside him just as John went over to Tyko. 

She reached over and took his flaccid organ in her hand as she told him how totally exciting it was to watch John suck his cock while he sucked John's and that she and Tyko had a good cum from watching it. She told him that she hasn't gone down on Tyko as yet and is looking forward to it later and he told her that she's in for a treat as Tyko's juices should be bottled and sold at a premium. Her talented fingers were beginning to get a rise out of him and his cock stirred as if from a long sleep and started to rise. She bent her head and flicked her tongue over the smooth, flared crown just before taking it between her lips and nursing on it while she tugged gently on his balls. She lifted her head to report that her husband was right on regarding how delicious his penis is and then went right back down enjoying herself again. 

She sucked cock like a woman in love with it and had him writhing in passion in a short time as she alternated between holding him deep down her throat and milking his shaft as she swallowed and nursing on his crown and feeding on his delicious precum. He had to have her cunt and asked her to swing around and feed him her crotch to suck. She never missed a beat in sucking him as she swung around and her gorgeous crotch came into view. She held it there a moment so he could look at it before lowering her labia to his mouth for sucking. Brad was mesmerized by the sight of her crotch. She had a tiny, puckered asshole and a long slit guarded by puffy outer lips. Her inner labia were like delicate petals just above her pink opening which glistened with her juices. Then she lowered it to his mouth and he tasted her delicious flavor and breathed in her sexy aroma and totally lost himself in the sensations he was getting from her. 

Dina was a great cocksucker and knew how to take him up on highs and then bring him down before taking him up again and she had him leaking lots of precum which she greedily lapped up as she told him how delicious it was. He had his tongue deep in her cunt when he felt her shake and heard her moans, with her mouth wrapped around his cock, as she went into orgasm and her savory juices flowed onto his tongue. He kept sucking deeply on her opening and licking the inside of her passage to capture every drop of her nectar. After some time, Dina rolled off him and lay back alongside as she followed his gaze and saw her husband and Tyko locked in a 69 with Tyko starting to bounce around like she's close to cumming. Then they saw her sink down on his mouth and shudder as she went into orgasm and fed him her juices. When she came down from her high, she swung around and sat alongside John as she extolled the talents of his tongue and then they noticed us watching them. 

Both John and Brad had thick, throbbing erections and Dina asked if she and Tyko could take turns getting double fucked. We told them to flip a coin over who goes first and Dina won and asked Brad to lay down so she could straddle him. She held his erection and guided herself down until his cockhead penetrated her passage. Then she moved up and down a little to get his cock sliding smoothly in and out of her before she sank down on his thickness and filled her cunt to the brim with his meat. When she had as much of him as she could take, she told John she was ready for him and he wet her anus with his precum and pushed the head inside to her gasps of pleasure. When he got them good and lubricated with his juices, he started stroking deeply into her sweet ass and timed his strokes to hers as she rode Brad's cock. 

She was grunting in heat and her eyes were glazed as she experienced the two cocks inside her and the pleasures they were giving her. Then she asked Tyko to come around as she wants to suck her pussy while she's being fucked and my wife needed no further urging as she opened her legs wide to give her full access. Dina attacked pussy the same way and with the same fervor as she did with cock and he could see that she was really enjoying herself. Every once in a while, she would lift her mouth from Tyko's delicious pussy to tell them to keep doing what they were doing as it felt so wonderful and not just a few times did she rave about the fabulous flavor of his wife's cunt. 
