 You have read about Lisa and Monica, but, that was not the end of it. Lisa and Monica worked for a decorating firm, and they had many friends from the firm, that they partied with. A couple of times I had to actually go and ask them to have the noise down to a dull roar as I was trying to get some sleep. 

Well, Thanksgiving was coming, and I wasn't sure what I was doing, and it looked like I might be spending it alone. My own family had gone out of town, and I had no where else to go. I ran into Lisa one day in the hall way of the block, and we were talking about Thanksgiving, and she asked what I was doing that day. I told her that I had nothing planned and she asked if I wanted to come to her place for dinner. I never had trouble accepting an invitation to her apt. and I told her I would be there with bells on.

I got there about twenty minutes before supper, and as I came into the apt. I noticed another person sitting on the couch. Lisa introduced me to Shauna, and I told her hello.

Lisa said, "Shauna had no where to go for dinner, and I thought that we could have a nice time with the four of us." As I agreed, Lisa gave me a wink.

Shauna is a Nordic beauty, with long blond hair to her ass, and beautiful blue eyes that just take you in. She has a full set of lips, and a set of tits that are just aching to sucked and played with. She was dressed in a t-shirt, and a set of jeans that didn't leave much to the imagination. She also had an evil glint in her eyes that gave you a hint of what was about to come. 

Lisa took me aside, and said that Shauna had wanted to meet me, after she had heard about our ongoing sexual encounters. Lisa said that Shauna had just broken up with her boyfriend, and was looking to have some fun.

Dinner was very good, and after as we were cleaning up, Shauna made sure to rub up against me as often as she could get away with it. Monica kind of whispered to me that I had better take care of her, as if I didn't Shauna was probably going to attack me.

I didn't need any more encouragement. Lisa and Monica had already put up their mistletoe, and I stood under it, and motioned to Shauna to come over. She looked up and saw where I was standing and came over with a smile on her face. When we kissed, her tongue and lips seemed to move in perfect order as she gave me a kiss that got me well on my way to getting hard.

She let her hands roam down my back and when she got to my ass she pulled me in and ground her groin against me. She was ready to go.

I looked at Lisa and she pointed to the bedroom. I led Shauna by the hand to the bedroom and as we got down on the bed we got into a lip lock that was as passionate as they come. Shauna was getting very hot and she was squirming on the bed. I started to work my way up her t-shirt and was starting to feel her breasts when she kind of threw me over on my back, and straddled me.

After she straddled me, she pulled her t-shirt off and showed me the most incredible tits that I had seen in a while. They were D's and stood straight out from her chest. The nipples were starting to stand out and as I reached out to finger one she stopped me.

She then stood up on the bed and took off her jeans and panties and stood there in all her glory, as she stood there I could see small beads of juice starting to form on her lower lips, and I wanted to taste them immediately upon seeing them.

Shauna got back on the bed, and proceeded to help me get undressed, and as she did she said she was going to do something to me that I may have not had done before. She said that she was going to give me what she called hair. I looked at her with a kind of quizzical and she said just lay back and enjoy.

She straddled me and started to use her hair to tease me and let it slide all over my body. The feeling was amazing. I felt things that I had never felt before. She carried on for about 20 minutes, and after she was finished I was never so horny as I was then. My cock was straining to get bigger, and it was just aching to be in her hot and juicy cunt.

Shauna then proceeded to start kissing me again, and was using her hands to roam and explore my body. She worked her way down to my nipples and using her tongue she got me very worked up. She then worked her way down to my throbbing cock and she then used her hair to rub me again. I told her if that she kept it up that I would end up blowing a load in her hair. 

Shauna giggled and said that she would take care of me, and she just took all of me in to her mouth. She is as good as any one that I have had and with in about 2 minutes she had me to the point that I was ready to give her all of my cum and shoot it down her throat. She seemed to sense that I was close and wrapped her lips around my cock and sucked on it like it was a lollipop, and I soon blasted into her mouth.

After, I had come she said that I had to take care of her, and with great pleasure, I rolled her on her back and started to explore her body, with my tounge and mouth. I started to nibble on her tits and she started to moan in ecstasy. She started to buck a little, and as I worked my way down to her pleasure mound, she was squirming on the bed. I could smell her juices, as I got close, and I wanted to taste them, and lick them up and swallow all of her honey.

I got between her legs, and placed a hand on each of her cheeks so that I could lift her up and buried my face in her crotch. The smell was intoxicating, and I couldn't get enough. I wanted to spend the rest of my days with my face buried in there. 

I started to use my tongue on her pussy and licked at the lips. I licked up the lips and ended at her clitoris. Each time I did that she would groan again. As I was doing this, I could taste juices that were seeping out of her cunt. She was getting very close and I wanted to taste all of her juices as they came out of her. 

I finally just stuck my tongue in her cunt and just as I did she came in a torrent, I couldn't keep up with the juices that were flowing out of her, and I lapped as hard as I could. Because of my lapping she was continuing to come, and she came for about a minute. When she settled down, she just stayed there and said to me that it was time for the real thing.

I agreed, and started to kiss my way up her body again, but she said that she wanted me to do her from behind . She got up on all fours, and gave me full view of her cunt and ass. I got in be hind her and slowly slid into her cunt. It was as good as I expected and better than I was promised. Shauna's cunt just gripped onto my cock and started to milk me. I reached around her and started to play with her slit. She got so more excited that she really started to work her cunt muscles. I couldn't stand it any longer, and I came again shooting right into her.

Just as I was finishing, she pushed back and sat on my thighs, and worked her muscles again. It wasn't long and I was hard again. Shauna said that I had to finish her and I said that I would be glad to. She got up and I slipped out of her cunt. She said that she wanted her ass cherry taken and that I should be gentle. 

Just then Lisa and Monica came into the room, and said that they would be willing to help. Lisa brought out a tube of KY and started to spread it on my cock. Monica used some to grease up the outside of Shauna's ass. I told Shauna that I was ready if she was. She said that she was, but to be gentle.

I put the head up against her little rosebud, and started to push slowly into her ass. When I got the head in, I stopped and let her relax. Shauna said that she wanted to control how fast I got in, and she slowly pushed up against me stopping when she felt that she had to. It took a while but I finally got buried right to the hilt and I just stayed there while her rectum relaxed.

In the meanwhile, Shauna and I were getting a show, as Lisa and Monica were starting to kiss and fondle each other on the other side of the bed. We just stayed and watched while they were going at each other. Lisa climbed on Monica and started to eat her like it was her last meal. I could just see Monica's face and she was in her glory having her cunt licked and nibbled.

Just for fun, I reached behind Lisa and started to finger her cunt, and it wasn't long and her juices,were flowing. I didn't have to convince Monica to keep it going and soon they turned into a 69 position and Monica had her face buried in Lisa's cunt.

I was getting pretty excited, and I started to move in and out of Shauna's ass and played with her slit, so that she would get really worked up. She started to match my movements, and I kept pounding into her ass. She started to moan and started to scream that she was coming. I said that I was too, and I let go of a third stream into her ass.

It didn't take long, and Lisa and Monica were coming too and were just lapping at each other's cunts. Shauna said that she needed a break and we just cuddled in each others arms. Lisa and Monica got on either side of us and we ended up drifting off to sleep.

We all slept like that for the night and when we got up in the morning we can all say that we had a lot to be thankful for. Lisa, Monica, and Shauna are all very willing to do this again, and I know that I will be a very willing partner. It seems that I can't get enough of these girls and I will go where it takes me. 

Hopefully I will have lots to tell in the future