 They lay there for a while, the three of them on the bed, snuggling, cuddling, touching and caressing. The couple told him of their marriage, of all the good years, and how they wanted to experience things while they still could, but without the emotional pain affairs could bring.

"An alternate lifestyle seemed like just the thing," Prew told him, "To share others together, to enjoy each other's pleasure. But first we had to get past the jealousy thing."

"Yes," Erica added, "And it is not easy finding people. Most of the women in this lifestyle appear to have bi tendencies, and that doesn't appeal to me. I'm to fond of cock!" She giggled as she reached out and stroked his back to attention.

He wondered if his ex-wife would have seen things the same way, had he only thought to suggest it. But it wasn't the sex alone that ended the marriage, he reminded himself. They had simply grown apart. Not this couple, though. Prew and Erica seemed closer than anyone he had met. It amazed him that Prew could so openly share his wife, but he was happy his old army buddy felt this way. Erica was definitely one erotic woman.

As if to prove his point, she again lowered her lips to his shaft. However, instead of sucking, she lightly kissed up and down its length, to his balls. Her tongue bathed his scrotum in her warm saliva. It was apparent she was ready for more.

"I want to get you good and wet," she said. Her mouth went back to its work, until his cock was shiny with her moisture. Then she motioned him to get behind her as she climbed above her husband. Her ass presented a delightful target and he sensed what she wanted. His finger began to probe and play with her puckered rectum as she guided her husband's erection into her vagina.

Erica leaned forward, a cock glistening from her pussy, and told him. "Now, please?" That was all the invitation he needed. He guided his throbbing cock to her anus, and then pushed the head in slowly. She moaned in delight as his thick penis filled her ass. He could feel her husband's cock throbbing inside her. It was a most unusual but highly erotic moment.

It took some experimentation, but Erica was able to establish a rhythm that allowed both penises to slide to their maximum depths. He wondered if the adjoining rooms were occupied. No one could be getting any sleep with the sounds Erica was making. Her animalistic howls of pleasure were an extra incentive to his own pleasure. She squeezed his cock with her sphincter muscles, milking it in a way he had rarely experienced. His balls could feel Prew's beneath them, a most unique sensation.

Erica increased the tempo of her rocking until her husband could take no more and began to fill her vagina with his hot seed. His own cock felt as if it were growing even more. Prew slipped out and somehow away from Erica as she rose up, forcing her buttocks down onto his own shaft. His hands went to her breasts and kneaded them as his shaft swelled deep in her ass. Erica went back to all fours and ground herself against him, her soft buttocks pressing into his abdomen as he drove his shaft deep. Faster and faster she moved, crying out as one orgasm seemed to follow another for her. At last he could hold out no longer and let forth an explosion of semen. His penis pumped and pumped and pumped. His third orgasm of the night, and yet it seemed he was cumming more this time than the other two combined. Finally he pulled out with a loud suction sound and collapsed on the bed, thoroughly spent.

Erica fell on top of him and rolled to her side, sandwiched between the two men. The heat of their bodies gradually cooled. They lay there for quite some time before she finally spoke.

"Oh, my god," she said at last, "I think I need two cigarettes after this!"

Prew brought in two wash clothes and the men gently began to clean her from head to toe. Their hands moved softly across her skin, getting the last traces of their semen from her pores. Erica closed her eyes and enjoyed the attention, basking in the afterglow of sex.

Finally, the three of them snuggled close together, their bodies winding down from the exertions of the previous hours. Erica whispered softly before drifting off to sleep, "You're welcome to visit us any time, dear!"