 "The ice machine is at the end of the hall," she called to him before opening the door to room 1210 and disappearing inside. As he filled the bucket from the machine his hands shook, and not from the cold. Was he reading this right, he wondered? Or was it just because it had been a while since he had been with a woman, was his hungry body clouding his common sense? There was only one way to find out, he decided. Quickly he took the bucket and made his way back to the door of the room. It was cracked a bit so he entered without knocking.

The sight that met his eyes caused him to stop in his tracks just inside the door. Erica was sitting on the side of the bed, her top and skirt on the floor in front of her. His eyes drank in the sight of her silk encased legs, black high heels, purple ensemble of garter belt, panties and bra. Her tongue ran hungrily over her lips as she purred "C'mere."

He hesitated, suddenly unsure. A small voice inside his head told him 'no, you can't do this.' But his body said otherwise, and he stepped to the bed. Her hands reached out, finding the buttons of his shirt, deftly undoing them. She laughed devilishly as she pulled his shirt wide open.

"Erica," he was able to hiss. "Please. Prew will be coming."

"Oh, you silly man," she laughed. "Surely you don't think you are so irresistible that I would risk my marriage for this! You, sweetie, are my birthday present! We were in the bar tonight looking for someone. Prew wanted to give me something special for my birthday and, well, I've always fantasized about two men, and you being there, someone he knew, it was perfect!" With that her hands moved to his belt, then his pants. She quickly pulled them down, revealing the tent his erection made of his boxer shorts. "Do you mind being used?" she laughed again as her hands gently guided his underwear over and off his throbbing shaft.

In answer, his hands reached out to cup her soft, full breasts. Gently he squeezed them, kneaded them, and felt her nipples harden in his palms. God, it had been awhile since he had touched such exquisite globes. Her hands reached behind him, her fingernails dug into his buttocks, pulling him towards her. Her tongue, hot and wet, snaked out to touch, just touch, the tip of his aching penis. He nearly exploded from the sensation. His hands went to her head, pulling it onto him. In unison with his motion, her mouth opened wide, allowing his shaft to slide in across her soft tongue. Her lips tightened, holding him in while she gently began to suck. One of her hands cupped his sack, rolling his balls in its fingers. 

He was in heaven as her head began to move, to slowly bob up and down the length of his erection. His hips moved in time with her motion, slowly fucking her mouth in long, deep strokes. 'God' he thought, 'she can take it all!' Her nose pressed into his abdomen, her soft warm breath on his skin as her mouth worked his cock. "Mmmmmmmm," she hummed, adding to the sensation. It was not just what she was doing with her mouth but the way she seemed to enjoy doing it, to be absolutely hungry for it, that excited him most. He felt his ejaculation begin to build. Erica did as well, pulling off his cock and squeezing the base of his shaft tightly with her fingers.

"Not yet, cowboy," she giggled, "We have to wait for Prew."

As if on cue, the door opened and her husband entered. Far from being angry about the sight that met his eyes, his wife firmly gripping another man's penis, Prew simply smiled and asked "Started without me?"

"Just getting warmed up, right honey?" Erica replied. "Now, how about a drink, sweetie?" she asked. 

He felt odd, sitting on the side of the bed, another man's wife running her hands over his chest and back while he drank with her husband. But Prew didn't seem to mind. In fact, as he explained, the whole scenario excited him. Prew and Erica explained that they had recently made a commitment to each other to try and indulge their fantasies while they could. Erica had always wondered what it would be like to be with two men at once, and this was their chance to find out. In addition, Prew admitted to being a bit of a voyeur, that the idea of watching his wife with another man was a turn on for him as well. They asked if they could take pictures of the evening, for later stimulation.

As Erica slipped her hand into his lap and began to bring his cock back to life, he was in no position to say no. He desired her, badly. When Prew suggested removing Erica's bra and panties, he eagerly jumped at the chance. Free of those encumbrances, she lay back on the bed and spread her legs. He took in the sight of her neatly trimmed pubic patch, which proved she was not really a redhead. The pinkish lips of her pussy glistened with her own juices. Pleasuring him had excited her. Prew began to snap pictures while he climbed over Erica and took one nipple into his mouth. Sucking gently he enjoyed the sensation of feeling the rubbery nub harden between his lips. He moved to the other one and gave it the same attention. He then climbed over her, into the sixty-nine position. Her hand guided his again stiff erection to her mouth as he inhaled the sweet aroma of her sex. His tongue lightly traced along her labia as her mouth engulfed the head of his penis. In unison they began to lick and suck each other as Prew continued to snap away with the digital camera. 

In no time Erica was tensing, moaning with her first orgasm as his tongue lightly tickled her clitoris. Her sucking intensified as she came, and he felt his own orgasm begin. He tried to pull out of her mouth but she held him in. As she raised her hips to meet his mouth, the first spurt of his ejaculation filled her own. She sucked harder, her hand milking his balls as she did. He was oblivious to the camera as his semen filled her mouth and oozed out the sides. His tongue worked feverishly, plunging as far as it could into her vagina. At last, she let go with her lips, and lapped up the last of his cum from his shaft. He lay back, satisfied. Erica stuck her cum-covered tongue out for another picture.

"Round one," Prew laughed.

End of Chapter Two