 Stella was my trophy wife. She knew it and I knew it. 

We had met at a high class function a few years ago and I thought she was the most beautiful creature I had ever seen. With long, luxuriously dark hair framing a stunning face with high, classic features, a lithesome body and a friendly out-going personality I was immediately captivated and knew that I had to have her. And I did have her, later that evening, and straight away realised that I wanted to spend the rest of my days with her.

But it was clear from the start that the feelings that I had for Stella were not reciprocated to quite the same excessive extent. She was fond of me, that much was obvious, but the all consuming passion that I held for her was never really returned. 

So we had made a deal – an arrangement, really. To be honest, I would have agreed to almost anything. I was successful – I still am – with more than enough money for both of us to lead an opulent lifestyle. She would have the houses, the fast cars, the jewellery, the clothes, the credit cards. What I would get in return would be her as my wife. It was an agreement that I readily acceded to.

But then came the rub. 

Even though it was very useful to me business-wise to have a stunningly beautiful woman as my wife who would accompany me to functions, my part of our bargain was still mainly sexual - I could get an instant erection just by looking at Stella in her designer underwear. But in my arms and in my bed she was cold. 

She performed her part of our arrangement in a purely functionary manner; laying back whenever I felt the urge (which to be honest was often) and spreading her long, sensual legs for me. But there was rarely a moan of lust that escaped those full, pouting lips or any sign that she really enjoyed our coupling. I tried everything that I knew in an attempt to spike her passions – and I had certainly never had any complaints before - but in the end I knew it was a lost cause. I couldn't really complain either; there had never been any mention in our arrangement that she had to be "passionate" – she was doing exactly what she had consented to.

And then one day quite recently, everything started to make sense.

Our neighbours, James and Donna who lived near us on the exclusive Parkwood estate had been having problems with their marriage for several months and James had eventually departed their five-bed roomed villa leaving his attractive blonde wife alone in the house. Stella had been a good friend to her and, to be fair, the two of them had become increasingly almost inseparable. Looking back now, maybe I should have noticed the signs but, as usual, I was way too wrapped up in my own business life to see.

Until that Saturday.

As usual, business called me and, being a Saturday made no difference. I left for my office before eight and drove the short distance in just a few minutes. As soon as I sat at my desk I was immediately engrossed in work and by the time I looked up at the antique grand-father clock in the corner, I realised that the entire morning had disappeared. 

My business is security and detection and I had been working for a female client who had suspected her husband of adultery. I had finished the case and I was just reviewing all the notes that I had made over the previous two months before submitting my final account. 

But as I read through the file, certain elements of my client's testimony suddenly seemed to have an effect on me: insensitivity towards her, unexplained absences, furtive telephone calls, a general coldness in bed. Not all of the criteria matched but a good proportion of it could have been written by me about my own marriage. That's when it hit me, Stella must have a secret lover!

Never being one to procrastinate, I immediately headed home to confront my wife with the intention of sorting things out once and for all. During the drive my mind was filled with images of fit young men with huge erections. An image of Stella's face flitted before my eyes and my imagination ran riot. How would they fuck her? Would he be on top, would she? Would she suck his cock? Would she take him analy? Would he cum on her, between those magnificent tits? By the time I pulled into the driveway I had convinced myself that I was right. There was no room for error in my thinking.

But I was wrong. In part, anyway.

As I entered the house through the kitchen and peered into the lounge my breath rushed from my body as if my chest had been crushed by a gigantic weight. Stella was sprawled on the sofa and accompanied not by some fit, younger man, but by the fit, sensual figure of Donna our neighbour. The younger woman was leaning over my wife with a lustful expression on her face and clearly about to kiss her.

The effect on me was almost catatonic. My whole body seemed to freeze up with the exception of one part of my anatomy; as the mists began to clear from my mind I realised that I was left with a pounding heartbeat and a solid erection!

As the two women embraced, as of yet, unaware of my presence, I tried to justify my throbbing reaction. Of course it wasn't so bad if she was cheating with another woman, was it? In fact not bad at all. It seemed very simple to reconcile myself to the situation with no loss of pride at all.

As I watched closely – I couldn't help myself. I defy any man to do otherwise – the two women embraced lustfully. Their hands roamed each others bodies through designer dresses and fingers stroked long, silk clad legs. The contrast between Stella's dark tresses and Donna's blonde curls was almost electrifying and as Stella's hand slipped up under the hem of her friend's short skirt to caress a black panty covered buttock, my cock jerked and grew another inch. But I had always been a participant rather than a spectator, and I felt this more strongly now than ever before.

"So, how long has this been going on?" I asked calmly as I stepped into the room.

Both girls immediately looked up in astonishment as I announced my presence.

"But...but...but you're at work?" Stella said somewhat stupidly. "Why aren't you still at work?"

"I don't think that really matters now, do you?"

All of a sudden both Stella and Donna looked suitably contrite. They had been busted and they knew there was little they could say.

"Oh God! Please don't tell anyone." Stella pleaded, almost sobbing. "Our reputations would be worthless."

I could see from Donna's expression of abject fear that she clearly felt the same way. I thought for a brief moment and then smiled. I had always been good at turning situations around for my own gain.

"Well, I guess I could keep quiet I suppose, but..."

"We'll do anything!" Donna blurted.

I smiled again. This had been the response that I was hoping for. Over three years of unsatisfactory sex and I was now staring at two women in a state of sexual arousal in my own lounge room. Of course I was fucking smiling!

"If you want my silence then I suggest that you get rid of some of those designer clothes." I laughed wickedly.

Stella seemed a little more surprised than she should have been. "What...you mean.....?"

"Of course," I replied, "did you think I would just walk away without so much as a blow job?"

My set expression was clearly enough to convince both women that I was far from joking and I saw a look of quiet compliance creep slowly across both their faces. They both looked at each other and shrugged. They seemed nicely resigned to their combined fate.

I sat back on the leather hide sofa and watched as both my wife and her best friend peeled off their short dresses. As was her habit, Stella wore black silk stockings and black lace underwear. Donna was similarly attired but her stockings were flesh coloured with lacy hold-up bands at the top. Neither woman had bothered with a bra and two pair of delectably firm tits were now mine to, seemingly, do with as I pleased.

"Panties as well, please." I stated firmly as I lounged back into the sofa enjoying the sense of power that the situation afforded me.

Neither girl objected and for a moment I saw just a hint of a wicked smile curl around Donna's full lips.

"Now, Stella, it's high time you sucked your husband's cock!

I laughed as I quickly pulled down my pants and underwear sitting back again with my legs spread and sporting an erection that throbbed wildly and pointed towards the ceiling.

As Stella complied with my demand, I pulled a nearly naked Donna over towards me and kissed her hard on the lips.

I sighed into Donna's mouth as my wife's soft lips drew my cock into her own mouth and her tongue began dancing up and over my swollen glans. It wasn't as if she hadn't sucked me before but the times had been extremely infrequent and, obviously, never under these circumstances. For a moment the thought of my marriage being in tatters crossed my mind. But this was the best sex I had had for years – possibly ever – and if that was the price then I considered it worthwhile.

Stella was using the fingers of one hand to tease my cock and balls while the other was stroking up and down her friend's stockinged thigh. As I pushed my wife's head down further onto my cock I saw her fingers slip smoothly into Donna's already moist pussy. Donna moaned into my mouth and I thrust my hips upwards as I flooded my wife's mouth with hot cum.

Although I had virtually blackmailed the girls into having sex with me, they both immediately looked a little disappointed that I had cum so soon.

"Don't worry about me," I said with a salacious grin, "with all this going on I'll be hard again in a matter of minutes! Just give me something sexy to watch."

Without another word, both girls grinned and fell into each others arms. Stella's face was still stained with the evidence of my lust and she lost no time in pulling her friend towards her and sharing my issue by way of a long lingering kiss. Their embrace lasted for several moments and concluded with both nearly naked women tumbling to the carpet in a flurry of limbs.

Donna's face was straight between my wife's open thighs and Stella immediately did likewise. I sat transfixed on the sofa as I peeled off my shirt and resumed stroking my cock back to an erection. With the soft, sensual lapping sounds and satisfied moans that both Donna and Stella were now indulging in, I knew it wouldn't take long. I also knew that, if they kept up their frantic oral ministrations on each other, both women would be enjoying their own orgasms very soon.

Actually it was Donna that climaxed first and the trembling of her hips and legs followed my a low, rumbling groan of lust from deep within her throat, indicated to me that it was indeed a good orgasm. But if Donna's climax was good, then Stella's, that followed only a few seconds later, could only be described as shattering.

My wife's back suddenly arched as if an electric current had been passed through her. Her toes curled inside her black stockings and the nipples atop her firm breasts hardened into tight, rose coloured buds. Her buttocks lifted clear from the carpet and while her friends continued to nuzzle at her exposed and stiff clitoris, she collapsed in a frenzy of exhaustion.

With my penis now back to full attention (are you surprised, dear reader?), my wife's drained condition was just what I wanted. With a wink I signalled to Donna who was kneeling with her thighs spread and idly stroking a finger through the moist folds of her pussy lips.

"Like to help me with her?" I whispered.

Donna grinned back her affirmation and we both picked up my still twitching wife from the carpet and bundled her onto the sofa. My hands immediately went to her legs and, gripping a black silk ankle in each hand, I dragged her legs open to expose her soaked snatch.

Whilst I lined up the head of my cock with her Stella's pussy, Donna was busy at the other end. Throwing her leg over my wife's head she lowered down her own vagina onto Stella's face and began to grind her pelvis back and forth.

"Damn, that's so fucking hot!" I commented as I thrust myself deep into my wife. "I guess she can really eat pussy, yeah?"

Donna's reply was at first merely a grunt and deep moan of approval. Her hips moved up and down over my wife's face causing her hard clit to rub over Stella's nose and mouth. 

"Ohhhhh!" Dona exclaimed as her hands went to her breasts and began teasing her nipples. "Eat me baby......lick me....eat my cunt and ass too!"

Having already cum previously in my wife's mouth, I was now more in control of myself. My stamina was holding up well. Deep thrusts and lunges into Stella's pussy produced stifled groans as her tongue sought out her friend's most intimate orifices. 

And then with a high pitched wail, Donna climaxed again. This time it was just as powerful as before but seemed to go on for much longer. I grinned as I punctuated each of her howls of delight with a firm thrust into my wife's soaked snatch.

"I know that Stella is not much into it but I am." Donna breathed somewhat cryptically as she climbed down from the sofa. Her legs were a little wobbly as she stood before me with her blonde hair glimmering under the lights.

"Into what?" I questioned as I halted my thrusts into Stella's tight body

"Stella doesn't like her ass filled, we all know that. But I do. Would you like to ass-fuck me, Tony?"

It was said so matter-of-factly that I half wondered if I had heard her correctly. Did my wife's best friend just invite me to stick my cock up her ass or did she just ask for a dry Martini with a twist. I thought I'd better check.

"Say again?"

"Jesus, Tony. Just stick that big cock up my ass, will you?"

In what seemed like a blur of activity to me, I was suddenly sitting back down on the sofa with Donna's blonde hair tickling my face and her pussy and ass hovering just above my groin. Stella was busy too. Her hand wrapped softly around my shaft and steadied it while her friend began to lower herself down.

Stella's tongue had done wonders in lubricating Donna's ass and, as my throbbing cock head pressed against the entrance to her tight back door, the hole opened under the pressure and let a few inches of my erection inside.

Both Donna and I gasped out loud as I penetrated her. It felt as if my shaft was being gripped by a velvet covered vice and as the blonde woman began to ride up and down on my throbbing tool I knew that another cum was almost imminent. I could feel the familiar tingling in my balls. I realised that I only had a few moments left before I was going to unload again and said so straight away.

"Don't do it inside me, Tony," Donna sighed as she lifted her self up again, "I want to see you cum this time!"

In a flash Donna had raised herself completely from my twitching tool and had pulled my wife over, pushing her back down on the sofa so that I was looking down at the familiar face and pert breasts that had before seemed so cold to me in the past.

But not this time. With a couple of quick pulls on my cock I pointed myself down at Stella and jerked off furiously. In a moment my cum began to fly from the tip of my cock and splash down onto her covering her face ant tits. With a word of encouragement from Donna she opened her mouth and allowed my hot seed to coat her tongue and lips. Donna bent down quickly as I spurted. Her face was only inches from my contracting penis and as her pink tongue extended, she lapped my cum from the tips of Stella's nipples, her nose and her eyes. As before, the two women kissed deeply, swapping the sticky issue from one mouth to another. It was one of the most erotic sights I had ever seen.

And afterwards the inquisition.

Would my marriage be over? Would Stella, infuriated at my blackmailing, turn to Donna for comfort and disavow me entirely? As the three of us dressed in virtual silence I had to wait for my fate to become evident.

For several minutes silence reigned supreme. I tried not to make it too obvious that I was watching as breasts were once again covered by thin dresses, vagina's were hidden behind silky panties and stocking covered feet were tucked back into designer shoes.

I couldn't take any more of the silence. I knew that it was all over.

"Ok," I said to Stella. "You get to keep the house here, the beach house and the BMW. I'll also give you a healthy allowance each month. Satisfied?"

Stella looked back at me, her expression almost emotionless.

"No."

"Damn it woman, what else do you want?"

"I want this." Stella said simply. 

I glanced over at Donna who was beaming at both of us.

"I want this." Stella repeated. "The three of us together. And I know Donna does too. She's been craving cock ever since James left."

"Not that he was much good when he was here!" Donna interrupted.

Stella laughed and continued again.

"Here's the deal, Tony. We keep this between the three of us and repeat the performance three ..."

"No four!" Donna interrupted again excitedly.

"Ok, four times a week. And you pay Donna the same allowance that you pay me. Then you'll have two trophy wives! What do you think about that arrangement?"

Well, they say that actions speak louder than words and as I reached into my jacket for my check book, I could already feel the action of my cock thickening once again!