 We head out for a night of unwinding and celebrating. You are dressed stunningly in a short black skirt, slit high up the thigh and a sheer white blouse. I'm wearing loose fitting Dockers and a collared shirt. 

I ask which club you want to go to and drive us there. During the whole drive over my hand is on your thigh as you sing and dance as I drive. Every now and then you reach over and give my stiff cock a little squeeze and ask, "Are you sure you're ready for this?" 

With a wicked grin. I smile back. "As ready as I'll ever be," I say as I pull into the parking lot of the club. All kinds of thoughts race through my mind sending a jolt straight to my cock. I adjust my pants as I watch you smooth down your skirt as you exit the car.

We enter the club and instantly you are devoured by the eyes of just about every red blooded male in the room. They are quickly disappointed when I walk in behind you, wrapping my arm around your waist. You lead me to the dance floor and start to dance. 

I slip in behind you and wrap my hands around your hips. You grind hard against my cock, my head spinning, loving what you are doing. I look around and realize that just about everyone else is doing the same thing. This really gets my juices going and I start to grind harder into you. 

You can feel my hard rod tucked firmly into your ass, as my hands caress up and down your smooth thighs. I inch your skirt higher, reaching the point where there should be panties and I feel nothing. I lean in close and growl in your ear, "You are a naughty girl, aren't you?" 

You just moan in response as I lightly caress your smooth pussy under your skirt. "You better stop or we may have to go somewhere," you tell me with a wicked grin. There is nothing I'd like better, but I have other plans for the night, so I back off just a bit. 

I tell you that I'm going to get us some drinks and why don't you join me at the table in a bit. I walk away but watch as you survey the crowd.

Soon your eyes lock on to a stunning little Asian girl sitting alone at the bar. You head over and start to chat her up. I watch from our table as you two talk and laugh. Soon I see you leading her by the hand out to the dance floor. The two of you start to dance, even closer and dirtier than you have EVER danced with me. 

A couple of young studs try to come over and join in. One of your withering looks is enough to make them tuck their cocks away quicker than if you'd kicked them. 

I'm loving the show, not just the way you drive the men away, but the way all the other women on the floor are watching the two of you. 

You dance up a storm and are soon glistening. If I didn't know better, I'd say that the two of you actually got off on the dance floor as you danced. After a half dozen songs the two of you finally come over to the table to join me. 

You slide in beside me, your breathing short as you introduce me to your new friend Suki. 

"I'm pleased to meet you" I say and she greets me with a passionate kiss. I feel you reach under the table and squeeze my cock as I'm kissing Suki. I have no doubt in my mind where this night will end up. 

We spend the next few hours dancing and laughing. I dance with you or Suki or both or watch the two of you until well after 2am. Finally the two of you collapse on either side of me at the table. You whisper into my ear, "ready to take us home?" as both of you run your hands up my thighs, your fingers meeting over my stiff rod. I can't get us out of the club fast enough. 

On the drive home the two of you sit in the back and I'm treated to a show in the rear view mirror as you kiss and fondle. Blouses are unfastened and skirts above waist height. We pull into the drive and I follow two extremely sexy, horny, gorgeous, partially clad women into the house. 

You direct Suki into our bedroom as you push me up against the wall, kissing me deeply. "Why don't you jump in the shower and then join us?" you whisper huskily into my ear as you break our kiss. "Don't be too long, you don't want to miss anything," you tell me with a wink as you slip into our room. 

I jump into the shower, my raging hard on leading the way. I resist the urge to stroke off right there and then. Deciding to wait to give you what's been building up ALL NIGHT LONG. I shut off the water and step out. On the counter I notice one of your favorite toys, the studded, vibrating cock ring. 

I towel off and then drag that cock ring onto my already rock hard cock and pad down the hall to our room. I stand outside the door and listen, all I hear is Suki moaning. 

I enter, my eyes panning the room. The first thing I see is that Suki is tied by the hands to the bed with a blindfold on. She is moaning and squirming as you lick and suck on her slick sex. Next I notice that you have set up the video camera on a tripod to record our little romp to be replayed later on. 

You pull your face away to grin at me. "She tastes so good, wanna try?" you ask with a smile. 

I respond by kissing you deeply, our tongues intertwined as I taste Suki's sweetness. Suki whimpers at the lack of attention so I reach down and slip two of my thick fingers into her twitching pussy as I continue to kiss you passionately. 

We break our kiss, "mmmm, almost as good as you sweetie." I tell you as you resume your prior ministrations. I slip my fingers into my mouth, tasting Suki again. I stand back and watch for a few minutes.

I stand at the side of the bed and lean over. Suki's breasts are not near as big as yours, but they are very perky and her nipples are sooo hard. I take one of them between my teeth and tug which elicits a loud moan from her. You look up to see what I'm doing and you whimper at me, your eyes beg me for some attention. 

I take your meaning and with a last tug on her hard nipple I let go and slip behind you. You lift your ass higher in the air and present me with two VERY tempting options. I poise my hard cock at the entrance of your smooth slit and slip the head in. You moan and push back against me as you continue to lick, suck and tease Suki's quivering pussy. 

Her breathing is starting to grow shallow and I'm not sure how much longer she can stand your assaulting tongue.

I bury my hard rod deep in your folds and switch on the vibrating cock ring. Holding there as the studs vibrate against your pussy.

You purr into Suki's sex sending her screaming over the edge. She thrashes around on the bed and you try to hold her hips as you drink her juices. Meanwhile I start a nice slow rhythm, in and out, the cock ring holding me in check as I slide in and out of your grasping folds. 

I hear Suki beg you to stop, her quivering pussy too sensitive to take anymore. You pull away and push back against me, you look over your shoulder and wink, "what do you really want?" I grin and say "you'll see!" 

I thrust in deep and you grind back against me, loving this feeling. I pull out of your warm folds and slip up beside the bed. I climb on and feed my cock, covered with your juices into Suki's waiting mouth. She sucks hungrily on your juices, "How does Terri taste?" 

I pull out my cock and Suki begs for more. This is just what I was hoping to hear. I reach up and untie her and remove the blindfold. I position you and Suki in a classic 69 with a twist, you are on your knees and I place a small pillow under Suki's head to make it more comfortable for her to reach your sweet folds. I then climb onto the bed behind you, ever so slowly I slip my throbbing head into your tight little ass. I wait, letting you relax before driving further in. 

At the same time, Suki has started to expertly lick and suck on your smooth, beautiful pussy. Your moans grow louder as I sink further and further into you. Fully buried you feel the vibrations all through your body. Suki reaches in and starts to tease and fondle your hard nipples. 

You dip your head to start to suck on her but just can't, her expert tongue and my throbbing cock buried in your ass are just too much. You can't concentrate and decide to just enjoy. I start to slip in and out of your tightness, faster and faster. Your hips slamming back to meet my thrusts. 

Suki struggling to maintain her oral actions, faster and faster. Now it's our moans that fill the air as we draw closer and closer. I reach up and run my fingers deep into your hair, grasping your scalp as I tug back. "Oh Mike, yes, yes! Give it to me, let it gooooo!" Is the last intelligible thing you say before your orgasm overcomes you. 

I can hear Suki sucking hungrily as her hungry mouth is flooded with your juices. I feel my cock jerk and twitch as load after load of hot seed fills your tight ass. I slow my rhythm and you squeeze, milking every last drop from my throbbing cock. 

I slip out and make my way down the hall to the bathroom to clean up. I walk back into the room, led by my semi rigid cock to find the two of you lying on the bed kissing and fondling each other. I stand and watch until you notice me. 

The two of you spread apart as you pat the bed between you, indicating where I get to fit into this fun. You reach down and grasp my cock and start to stroke as my head turns back and forth. Alternating kisses and sucks on yours and Suki's wonderful breasts.

"Would you like to taste her for real now?" you ask me with a smile and a nod. I roll onto to my back as Suki climbs up to straddle my waiting tongue. You climb onto my now hard cock and slide down, pulling Suki close, your breasts pressed tightly together, kissing passionately.

I lick and suck, all the ways that I know you enjoy so much. I hear Suki squeal in delight as I hit all the right spots. She squirms from side to side wanting to feel everything. I start to move my hips to match her rhythm, driving up deeply into your warm folds. I pull my knees up to the sides, burying even deeper as the tip of my cock strikes your sensitive G spot. 

You purr loudly into Suki's mouth as you continue to kiss. Your lithe body slams down on my hard cock as Suki squirms more and more. Breaking your kiss as your second orgasm overtakes you. My mouth is flooded with her juices as she explodes with you. 

Moments later my cock jerks as I fill your quivering pussy with my load. Breathing ragged, the two of you roll off to the sides. One on each side of me, my arms around you both as you snuggle into my hairy chest. Your hands once again meeting over my cock as we all drift off to sleep, fully spent, waiting to see what the morning brings.