 I actually can't believe I'm doing this. The countryside turns into city sprawl as I'm rocked gently back and forth on the 12:15 to Euston. It's surprisingly soothing as my mind races with a thousand thoughts. As a single thirty year old mum of one, I never envisaged my life leading up to this point. I've been to university and have a steady job but it just doesn't excite me. I've flirted with cam work and I've taken my fair share of horny callers on chat lines but to come and audition for an adult film is an entirely new level for my adult career. I feel like this is it and there's no going back. Sure, I've got a knot of nerves in my stomach but I feel so exhilarated it's got to be worth it.

I'm aware I've not got the 'typical pornstar' look. I'm petite with slightly stocky features, bright hair and a few tattoos, but with 34GG breasts, a shapely ass and striking blue eyes, I think I'll have some appeal. I'm looking my best, my hair's a striking shade of purple and what were once unruly locks have been tamed, a heavy side fringe hanging over my left eye. I've had new nail extensions and a spray tan done at the local salon which has left me feeling camera ready.

The film I'm auditioning for centres around lesbian erotica. Two female co workers go to the gym and start exploring each other in the showers. I figured this role would be a good fit for me because even though I've not got a mass of experience with other women, I like to indulge and watch lesbian porn to get me off if I'm feeling especially horny. I can learn on the job and have some fun too!

As the train rumbles into the station I realise I'm moments away from my big break. I take a deep breath and feel in ore of the concrete jungle that surrounds me. I sense glances being cast over my body, professional men in suits trying their best to make their stares discrete. I'm unsure if they can see flashes of my lace topped stockings from beneath my figure hugging skirt then I realise that one of the buttons on my pale pink blouse has come undone, my heaving cleavage now exposed. I could fasten it up, but I quite like the attention.

I look at my phone to make sure I'm at the right place. It looks surprisingly unassuming as I stare at the nondescript black door. I press the grubby looking buzzer and as the door clicks to open I tentatively step inside. Here goes nothing!

I'm greeted with a stale smell and dull reception area. Mandy, the receptionist gets me booked in and seated. I wait and after a few moments of glancing around the underwhelming space and flicking through my phone, a door opens. "Kathryn?" A deep and commanding voice enquires. There at the door stands a six foot something gentleman. Fuck he's handsome. His eyes are so dark they're like pools of rich chocolate, his hair and well groomed beard dark with flecks of grey. Shit, he's not what I expected. Now I'm nervous!

I stand up feeling suitably flustered but managed to fain a smile so hopefully he can't tell I'm nervous.

"You look nervous Kathryn." (so that worked)! "Can my assistant get you anything to drink?" I look over to see a striking latin lady hovering in the background. She looks experienced, some ten years older than myself, but her kind dark eyes instantly settle me.

"I'll have a water thanks."

"Okay so let's get the formailites out of the way. I'm Rich, known in the industry as Big Dickie." I try to stifle a laugh, biting my lower lip and locking eyes with him. He continues undeterred, "I've been in the adult industry for some time now and moved from starring to shooting. A creative director if you will. Lidia here is my creative assistant but she's also my go-to for girl on girl shoots." Lidia glides effortlessly over to pass me a water from the cooler. I look to her with a warm smile.

"Thanks."

"You're most welcome." Her accent is of beautiful Italian, seductive and husky. She stands behind Richard, who is sat in a battered brown leather armchair, poised with pen and paper in hand.

"Tell me Kathryn, do you have a stage name? An alter ego as it were?"

"Lola Chase." He raises his eyebrows and nods, making a note on his pad. I shift uncomfortably on the faded green velvet chaise lounge, aware that there's not really much to the studio, it's rather underwhelming. Large windows let the bright summer sun flood through but apart from a small kitchenette in the far corner, the rest of the unit is pretty sparse. I'm aware that there are two cameras, one is set up next to Rich, its blinking red light suggesting I'm already being filmed. The second one is placed on a side table next to the chair, it sits lifeless, unblinking.

"Well then Lola, tell me, if you're new to this, have you ever been with another woman?"

Lidia begins to walk towards me.

"I've experimented back in university, but no, no not really." I gulp hard, worried I may be failing the audition miserably. I suddenly become really aware that I want to impress him as my mind wanders briefly to what what lies beneath his plain grey t-shirt and dark baggy jeans. I'm curious, the hairs that show just above his neckline and muscle definition suggest a well kept gentleman. Okay, so now all I want to do is roll up his top and run my sharp nails over his chest, licking and nibbling his nipples. I need to get a grip and focus! Show him, show them, what I'm good at!

"Look, I may not have the experience... but I'm willing to learn." I give Rich a knowing smile as Lidia sits down beside me, her long olive legs stretching out from beneath her denim mini skirt. I can feel her breath on my neck as she studies me closely with her dark eyes,her ebony hair cascading over her shoulders.

"So you don't have much experience with women, no?" she gently moves my fringe from over my eye then slowly runs her finger along my jaw as I shake my head with a look of innocence. A wave of excitement courses through my body as I feel my pussy begin to throb.

She's so beautiful and as I start to examine her more closely she begins to rub my leg. "You are very beautiful young woman, there is no need to be shy with me. From me, you will learn... Now let's see." She slowly unbuttons my blouse and pulls it apart to reveal my heaving tits held in by my pink lace bra. "Well well, I see you have big juicy tits, may I?" She eagerly frees them then begins expertly circles my nipple with her tongue. Fuck, it feels amazing as she greedily sucks on my now hard nipples. It sends waves of ecstasy through my body so much so that I let out a moan and begin to caress her legs just stopping as the tips of my fingers reach her underwear. I want to go further but for now, I resist. I wonder if she's as turned on as I am right now? Are her panties wet for me like mine are for her?

I look to see Rich sat, with pen in mouth, enjoying what he sees unfolding before him.

"Do you know that the best way to suck tits is to use plenty of tongue with soft lips and suck hard? Like this yes?" She demonstrates on my erect nipples, tweaking the other as she does so. "Feels nice yes?"

"Mmmm, that feels so good. May I try?" I ask wide eyed. She nods and sits up taller so I can roll up and take off her white gypsy blouse to reveal a lacey neon pink teddy suit. I take her tits out from either side, they're a good size with dark pink nipples. Goosebumps run over her body as I take her nipple in my mouth and tentatively begin to suck. Her tits are so soft and full in my mouth and becoming increasingly greedy, take more of her plump tit in my mouth.

Now I'm really curious as to how turned on she is and I can't resist any longer. I run my free hand up her skirt and gently feel her teddy suit bottom around her pussy. Interesting. I can feel her juices through the material. Easing the suit to one side, I slip my fingers inside and gently begin to massage her pussy as I devour her breasts. She moans in pleasure moving her legs wider apart so I can access more of her dripping pussy.

As our breathing deepens, Rich goes to stand behind the camera, a noticeable bulge protruding in his jeans. I'm aware of how hot Lidia is but my mind wanders to wrapping my lips around his throbbing cock and taking him deep in my throat. I've got a technique I'm sure he'll approve of.

"Now I teach you how to eat pussy?" Lidia's words break my train of thought and bring me back to the moment. At first she slides off my skirt, then she rolls down my pink lace thong and drops it to the floor. "Lay back on here." She gently lays me back and spreads my legs, beginning to rub my glistening clit. "Huh, very wet, so you like my teaching yes?"

"Mmm yeah, I love how slow you go."

"It is the best way to eat, start slowly, suck the clit, then lick deep inside for the sweet, sweet taste." Lidia feels amazing with her tongue and takes me to the brink after a blissful five or so minutes of her eating my pussy. Now as she stands before me, she rolls down her skirt to reveal her truly breathtaking curvaceous latin body accentuated by the lacy bodysuit.

A voice comes from behind Lidia, "Take her hold ups off. I want to see her completely naked." Rich instructs. Lidia obediently does as she's asked then bends down to eat my pussy again. He stands with the other camera in hand moving in close to get a good shot of my pussy being eaten.

"Looking good Lola. You're a deceptively naughty lady aren't you?" He walks over to where my head lies at the bottom of the chaise lounge. "Your moaning is doing something to me though, not felt like this in a while. We can't be having that now can we? Here, take this in your mouth and see if it helps." He unzips his jeans with his free hand and slowly releases his huge throbbing cock in order for me to pleasure him. Dutifully, I open wide and take as much of him as I possibly can, being mindful to use my tongue for greater stimulation. He throws his head back and lets out a lustful groan of delight, I can feel just how hard he's become, pulsating and on the brink after only a few minutes."Fuck... That's a good technique you've got there. You really can take dick can't you?" He withdraws from my mouth and I can't help but feel disappointed. "I think it's only fair that you return the favour to Lidia and practise what she's taught you. Get on all fours and if you feel something big and hard slip inside you, don't be alarmed."

As Lidia lays down and opens her legs, I slowly pop open her teddy suit poppers to reveal her pussy. Although she's quite dark on the outside, spreading her lush lips open reveals a juicy pink pussy, her clit pulsating in pleasure as I slowly begin to sink my tongue inside. Fuck she's so warm and sweet, listening to her moans tells me I'm doing something right. With one hand I reach up to massage her tit, the other slips two fingers inside her, slowly massaging her G spot whilst sucking her clit.

From behind me I feel Rich slip his fingers inside my pussy, he's got a firm action with soft nimble fingers. "Fuck me you're wet!" he exclaims, "Now let's see just how tight you are." After working my pussy a little harder with his fingers, I feel him sink his hard throbbing cock into my wet pussy. He's so big but I think I can just about handle him. "Hmm, it is tight isn't it? You think you can handle all of me?" I nod whilst increasing the intensity of eating Lidia's pussy. Her legs are trembling as I briskly rub her clit. I can tell she's climaxing so I continue to enjoy her writhe in pleasure. Richard fucks me harder now, the motion moving my entire body. Lidia throws her head back, grasps my hair and moans as her legs stiffen. A gush of warm liquid squirts from her pussy. I pull back in shock and oar of her ability, a little jealous as I've never experienced something so intense before. Richard continues to fuck me hard and I can now truly appreciate his size and strength as Lidia tries to regain composure.

"You're good enough to make me squirt? Now I am impressed. Big Dickie, I think we should see if we can return the favour, yes?"

"Mmm fuck yes, I'd love to watch that tight little pussy squirt, it's dying to, I can feel it." He inhales deeply as he withdraws his cock. "Don't think I'm finished with you yet though." he whispers in my ear. As he stands before me I'm so fucking turned on by his naked body. Lightly tanned and toned, a blaze of dark hair on his chest and thick cock eight inches in length in one hand, camera in the other. "Tell me Lola, have you ever felt eight inches in your ass before?"

Jesus, he's going to ruin me, a whole eight inches?!

"I've never had anyone, especially of your size, in my ass before." I reply beginning to sound a little nervous.

"Consider this the ultimate audition then, 'cause I intend to bury this bone deep inside your ass." He squirts lube into my hand and I liberally spread it all over his cock then rub the remainder on my ass. A stinging sensation rips through my body as I kneel on all fours so intense I can't help but moan. "Fuck that ass is so tight, I've never felt anything like this before."

I take deep breaths and try to relax as he sinks further in. A familiar sensation within my pussy now as Lidia slides beneath me and begins once more to suck my swelling clit. All the time, I can feel pressure and arousal never felt before, an excitement building deep down inside me. There's no way I can take all of him in my ass, I want to impress him but with little experience, I'm not sure I can go much longer. Lidia slides her fingers within me and slowly massages my walls.

I'm suddenly really aware of the groans escaping my mouth, loud and intense. Between Lidia's greedy pussy eating and Big Dickies thick throbbing cock deep in my ass, my body courses with pleasure. An unfamiliar sensation builds in my pussy, strong, intense and like nothing I've experienced before. My legs shake as my climax crescendos.

"Mmm that's it baby," Lidia instructs "Relax and push through down through that orgasm. Rain on me!" Before I know it, an intense gush releases from my pussy. Richard's pulled out of my ass and covered it with his thick, hot cum as Lidia slides out from underneath me, he face wet with my cum. We collapse on the chaise lounge and stroke each others hair catching our breath, our bodies sweaty and heaving.

"So..." my voice breaks the silence, an optimistic tone in my voice. "When do I start?"

"Filming starts next Tuesday, we'll see you then." Rich looks at me, a knowing smile spreads across his face. "Join me for dinner tonight and I'll tell you everything you need to know."