 It was the day of the auction. Every year, the town hosted a festival to commemorate its' inception, and this year was no exception. There was going to be a two day celebration, with food, drink, dancing, talent shows, games, and even a midway - complete with Ferris wheel and clowns.

But it was the auction that I was interested in. I'd already bought a sow, and was impatiently waiting for the horses. You see, Jake McCreigh was selling a fine stud, and I wanted him. The stud, that is. He'd been born as 'Dudley', but was now called 'Studly', because he was so prolific.

Of course, Jake was pretty studly himself: 6'2", around 225 pounds, he had a great body - the kind that had strong wide shoulders, and tapered into a slim waist and lean flanks. He also looked and moved like a warrior instead of a cowboy, and he had dark hair and gem-green eyes. He was the biggest 'catch' in the area. His huge ranch was nothing to sneeze at, either.

Myself, I only have a modest ranch - if you can call my fourteen horses, my stable hands' two horses, and the eighteen horses I stable for area children, a ranch. I guess I'm what you'd call a hobby rancher. The children that I stable horses for live in town, so can't keep them there. I only charge them for feed, and whatever veterinary services are necessary. The kids who don't own horses themselves are always welcome to ride at my place too. If they can afford to pay something, I put them on the stabled horses, so that the owner gets the proceeds. If they can't afford to pay at all, I put them on my own horses for free.

The other ranchers snicker behind my back, but I love ranching, and I'm not in it for the money - I'm wealthy enough.

Finally, the horses were brought out for inspection by the crowd. I stepped up to the fence, and listened to the auctioneer carefully. The sun beat down on my head as one horse after another was sold. 

Then Studly came out. 'Here we go!' I think to myself. The bidding was fast and furious, and more than one person was surprised at my determination. Jake kept looking over at me, and it was clear that he was pleased at the price.

The bidding came down to me and Maria Pozzi. She was after Jake more than his horse, though. She was the town princess, I guess. Daddy's money got her everything she wanted, and always had. I upped the bid again, and suddenly it was over. Maria had reached her limit, and Studly was mine!

A smile as bright as the noon sun lit my face, and I walked over to sign the necessary papers. 

"You bitch!" I felt my arm being grabbed, and turned to see Maria. "You only wanted that damn horse to get Jake's attention!" she accused.

I looked at her for a moment, amazed at her temerity. Then the humour hit me, and I replied, "Honey, I don't need a horse to get a man's attention, nor would I invest that much money in it!" I shook my head, and turned to walk away.

She was practically foaming at the mouth in her agitation, and hissed, "You think your blonde hair and big boobs will get you whatever you want, don't you! They're probably fake anyway, just like the rest of you! Everyone laughs at your pathetic farm, and you don't even care!"

My eyes had widened with incredulity, and not wanting to cause a scene, I tried to shrug it off. But her whispered "Puta!" made me pause. I looked at her, took a step closer, and said clearly, "I didn't know you were so curious about my body, Maria. I'm sorry, but I don't swing that way."

In her shock, she didn't try to keep me as I turned my back and walked away. The crowd close enough to hear our exchange started laughing, and I was embarrassed at the attention she'd focused on us. I wished I was at home already, but I wasn't going to leave and let her think she'd chased me away, dammit!

Jake stepped into my path, and I heard Maria screech in rage as he smiled at me. Being a man, he was oblivious to her anger. 

"Hi, Shawn. How are you today?" He asked in his deep, rumbly voice.

I smiled back and said I was fine. "A little pissed at Maria, though." We made small talk for a few minutes, then he told me to be sure to call if there were any questions or concerns with Studly. I watched as he reluctantly walked away, glancing back at me a couple of times. I had the feeling that he'd be by my ranch soon. And for more than just checking on Studly, too. 

I spent a few minutes arranging to have the horse and sow taken home, and in a better frame of mind, decided to enjoy the rest of the day lingering at the festival. I browsed the craft tables, watched a pie-eating contest until I became too grossed-out to watch any more, then wandered away. I caught some of the talent show, enjoying a youth belting out an old country song, knowing she was dreaming of being discovered. Soon, though, I found myself back at the livestock pens.

I saw Maria again, beside Jake. I studied the way she leaned into him, her coy smile, and the way she flicked her long black hair over her shoulders again and again. I had to admit, she was quite a beautiful woman: tall and willowy, with a Mediterranean sophistication. She wore all black as usual, this time a pressed tee and designer jeans, and very expensive leather boots. The only colour she wore was a bright red lipstick.

For a split second - just the smallest possible sliver of time, really, I envied her for her height. I'd always wanted to be taller than my five foot nothing height. With a mental shrug, I turned my attention to Jake. His mouth and shoulders looked tight, as if he were angry. And he was staring at the beeves in the pen, blatantly ignoring the woman at his side.

As if he felt my stare, he suddenly turned and looked right at me. His lips softened, and curved ever so slightly, and he gave me a nod and a wink. 'He's flirting with me!' I thought. So I smiled back, tossed him a wink, and waggled my fingers for good measure. He broke into a wide grin.

Maria had noticed our little by-play, and wasn't happy. She tugged on Jake's arm and said something to him. He drew away from her, and said something in response before he stalked off. He was angry again. She watched him go, then turned a venomous look to me. I shrugged and turned away.

About three minutes later, I wished I'd paid more attention. After all, hell hath no fury like a woman scorned! I saw heads turning toward me, and eyes widening, but turned too late to avoid the stinging needles of ice cold water blasting from the hose in Maria's hands.

I yelped in surprise and shock, holding my hands out in front of me in that quite useless instinctive reaction. She was aiming mainly for my face, and I was pretty frantically trying to avoid the water so I could breath. I backed up, but suddenly slipped in the newly formed mud puddle. 

My boots, butt, and the end of my braid got covered in the reddish brown mess. I surged to my feet in fury, stalking toward her, no longer fighting the water. My white eyelet-cotton top was rendered transparent with the water, as was my sating bra beneath. I didn't care at theat moment that anyone who looked could plainly see my breasts. I was mad as hell!

When I reached Maria, I yanked the hose from her hands. She expected me to retaliate in kind, but when I lose my temper, I really lose it! I reached up and grabbed hold of a fistful of her hair, feeling her ear and her tasteful gold hoop earring in my hand as well.

She screeched and started batting my hand away, but I simply turned and walked, dragging her willy-nilly, behind me. 

"Stop you stupid bitch!" she screamed. "You're ripping my earring out. Ouch!"

I didn't stop, and I didn't reply. I steadily marched around the side of the livestock pens, to my goal. Reaching it, she renewed her struggles, but though I was ten inches shorter than her, I was much stronger in my temper.

"This is where you belong, Maria, here with all the other pieces of shit!" I snarled. With that, I hurled her face-first onto the large fragrant pile of manure. To add insult to injury, I placed one ruined boot on here ass, and pushed her deeper into the pile.

She was crying ans screaming invectives at me, but she was covered from forehead to toes in offal, which I found terribly satisfying. I dusted my hands together and turned to leave, coming face to face with Jake, and a whole crowd of incredulous people. Half were looking at the mess of Italian spite behind me, and half were ogling my near-naked chest.

Then, as if a spell was broken, everyone started laughing. Maria had succeeded in crawling out of the manure, but looked incredibly ridiculous. To my credit, I didn't laugh at her. I simply nodded my satisfaction and turned again to leave. Jake came over to me, and wrapped his plaid shirt around my shoulders. I looked up at him gratefully.

"Thanks," I murmured.

"No problem," he said. "You looked rather... cold." He grinned at me. "Remind me never to piss you off, Shawn. You're one dangerous little lady!"

I laughed as he led me away. We walked together to the parking lot, but when I would have gone to my car, he steered me instead to his dusty pickup truck.

"No sense getting your pretty car dirty," he said. "I'll take you home so you can clean up. It's the least I can do, since I know Maria only attacked you because of me."

"But what about my car?" I asked. "And the auction's not over - you'll miss the rest of it."

"Well now, Shawn. Here's my thought: if I drive you home, I'll have to drive you back for your car. And then, I figure I can sweet-talk you into dancing with me tonight." He smiled like a choirboy at me, and I laughed again.

"Aha!" I said playfully. "You have a hidden motive for helping me. Just like a man!" Snickering lightly, I agreed to his plan. "But I still expect that sweet-talk you mentioned!"

Just as he was firing the ignition, Maria ran up to the side of the truck. "Bitch!" She yelled. "Bastard! I hate you both!" She threw a handful of the manure that still covered her. Some of it splattered on the truck, but the rest landed on Jake's arm, chest and lap.

He cursed, and screeched out of the lot, covering her in a layer of dust. As we drove away, we saw Maria indulge in a furious temper tantrum, and a security guard approach her. I rummaged up a few paper towels, and leaned over to help clean him up.

"So we'll both need a shower before our dance." I said. Not another sound was uttered for the rest of the trip, my words playing in our minds repeatedly.

I directed him around the side of my house, and we entered into the mudroom. I led him to the guest bath, and told him to hand out his clothes. He tried to protest, but I wouldn't take no for an answer. "You can't wear mucky clothes, Jake. Be reasonable. I'll put them into the laundry with mine, and they'll be clean and dry in an hour and a half, tops."

While I waited for Jake to strip off, I slipped into my room to do the same. I quickly slipped on my silk robe when I heard his door open, and added his clothes to mine. I ran lightly down to the laundry room and set them to washing. Then I took my own shower. After toweling off and applying my body lotion, I chose a light summer dress and sandals to wear. I combed my hair, and quickly did another french braid, then went downstairs.

Jake was in the kitchen, pouring two cups of coffee, wearing the terry robe I keep handy for the infrequent visits from my brother. 

"I hope you don't mind," he said, gesturing to the mugs. I assured him I didn't. "I already put our clothes into the dryer," he continued as he eyed my dress appreciatively.

We made more small talk while we waited. I grilled a couple of steaks, opened a couple of beers, and we ate on my verandah, talking about anything and everything.

"You've got a great little setup here," he said. "I like how you let the kids stable and ride. You're a nice person."

"You sound surprised," I blushed. "Making kids happy is easy, and it doesn't really cost me anything."

Then he smiled, and started to chuckle. "I still can't believe that you actually manhandled Maria into that manure!" He laughed, then said, "and then, for you to push her deeper!" He slapped his leg.

"I shouldn't have lost my temper so badly." I said. "But I was cold, embarrassed, and muddy!" I let my disgust show, and then in an undertone, said, " and practically naked from the waist up!"

He sobered at that, flicked his gaze to my chest and quickly away. He started to speak, but ended up having to clear his throat. Thankfully, just then, the dryer beeped, signaling the end of its' cycle. I went and retrieved his clothes, and handed them over. He went back to the guest bath to get dressed. I had just loaded our dishes into the dishwasher when he came back into the kitchen.

"I, uh, guess these are yours," he said, with a sexy grin. I looked down and saw him dangling my panties from his fingers!

Being mischievous, I dead panned. "No, not mine. Where were they?"

He paused. "Not yours? But they were in my shirt sleeve!" I looked at him, then at my panties. I couldn't trust my voice, so I simply shrugged, shook my head and turned away. I was trying to concentrate on not laughing at his obvious consternation, but then I caught him trying to surreptitiously 'measure' them against my butt!

That was it! I burst out in giggles and grabbed them from him. He guessed then that the joke was on him, and impetuously began tickling me. I shrieked and ran into the living room, and he chased me. We were acting like lunatic children, which we seemed to realize at the same moment. 

Then it dawned on us: he was lying half a-top me, his fingers still on my ribs and belly, with one leg between mine. My dress, which was shorter than knee-length to begin with, was now hiked up on one side, almost to my waist. My face was flushed, and one leg was bent at the knee.

Our laughter died in a heated rush, and I felt the surge of his erection against my thigh. He watched as my nipples hardened into straining points. We each seem to hold our breath as he lowered hi head, then his warm lips met mine in a searing kiss that drove the breath from our lungs. 

He pulled back enough to look at my eyes, then said, "I would love to stay right where I am forever, Shawn. But I'm not going to take advantage. Let's go back to the festival, and dance. We can let tomorrow bring what it shall, okay?"

I nodded reluctantly, and he stood. He looked at me lying there on the floor in a wanton sprawl, sighed, and put out a hand to help me up. He muttered something about being an idiot, to which I silently agreed. I was an idiot for not begging him to take all the advantage he wanted!

The tension between us on the drive back to the festival was thick, hot and exciting. We each kept sneeking glances at each other. When we joined the crowd at the dancing pavilion, we were greeted like celebrities. Several people tried to draw us into conversations but we quickly made excuses and stepped onto the dance floor.

We two-stepped to Hank Williams, did a little boot-scootin', and did the Tennessee waltz. We gyrated our bodies together to some classic rock songs, but called it quits when our dancing to 'Black Velvet' by Alannah Myles generated catcalls and suggestions to "get a room".

We were both uncomfortably aroused, so we sat down to have a beer. By this time, we would have welcomed everyone trying to engage us in conversation, but they all kept a wide berth. We were isolated in our own little bubble of lust.

After a couple hours, Jake and I decided that it would be a good idea to leave. At my car, I turned to him and said, "after tonight, anything you do is no longer 'taking advantage'. It's more an 'act of mercy'!"

I stood on my tippy-toes, put my hands behind his head, and scorched him with my good-night kiss. When we finally came up for air, we found that somehow, I'd ended up crushed against my car, with his hands gripping my butt and my legs wrapped around his hips.

We slowly disengaged from each other, and he took a shaky step back. "I'll remember that," he said, his voice husky with need.

"Remember what?" I whispered.

"Everything," he whispered back. He watched as I started my car, and slowly drove off.

Later, as I was lying in bed, my phone rang. "Hello?" I said, hoping it was Jake.

"I'll get you, bitch!" I heard. Maria, drunk and vengeful. "You humiliated me today, and now you're trying to take Jake from me. Well, I won't let you, you hear? I'm going..." But I hung up on her, before she finished. 'The utter gall!' I thought. 'To blame it all on me, when she was the instigator!' Despite my indignation, and slight uneasiness, I drifted off to sleep soon after.

I was working with Studly the next day. He was magnificent! He had a tender, velvet mouth and a stallion's natural arrogant temper, and I warned my hands, Jim and Leo, not to let any of the kids near him.

We had converted a storeroom into a large, private stall for him the week before, in anticipation of his purchase. The few things from the storeroom were temporarily put into the tackroom.

Completing my work with the horses for the time being, I went back to the house and grabbed a shower. I had just combed my hair when I heard a knock at the front door. I slipped into my silk robe and went to see who it was.

"Jake." I pulled the door open to let him in. He eyed my robe hard, as if he had x-ray vision, and said, "Shawn. I came to make sure everything's okay with Studly. Did I come at a bad time? I should have called first."

I smiled wryly. "Right as rain, Jake. He's wonderful!" I led him into the kitchen, reassuring him that it wasn't a bad time, and made fresh coffee. He watched my robe lift as I reached into the cupboards, the back barely covering the bottom of my bottom.

When I was done preparing the coffee, I said, "Let me go up and put some clothes on. I'll be right down."

He caught my hand as I walked by, and pulled me onto his lap. I could feel that he already had an erection. 

"I really only came to ask you to dinner, Shawn. Then you opened the door wearing this wet scrap of silk, and all I could remember was the green light you gave me last night." 

I felt his hands tighten on my waist, and I gave up my pretense as well. I leaned forward and kissed him, telling him without words that I was willing, still.

He groaned and lifted me into his arms as he stood up. We slowly kissed as he carried me up to my room. His tongue rubbed against mine, and his teeth nibbled at my lips, driving me wild.

With only a cursory glance around, Jake set me on my feet, untied the loose knot in the sash, and opened my robe. His eyes drifted down to my breasts, lingering on my puckering nipples, then continuing over my belly, my bare mons, and down my legs.

He pushed the robe off my shoulders and tossed it onto the bed. Then he walked slowly around me, studying my body from each new angle. When he stopped behind me, I looked up at him. He was looking over my shoulder, and following his gaze, I saw our reflection in the large mirror above my dresser. 

I watched as he put his hands on my arms, and dragged them up over my shoulders. He continued, running his hands over my breasts, teasing my nipples with his calloused palms, causing goose bumps on my skin.

I leaned my head against his chest and kept watching in the mirror as he learned my body. I arched my back so that my breasts jutted out imperiously, and he groaned.

"You have great tits, Shawn. Your nipples are so responsive. Look how they beg for my hand. God, these are the greatest tits I've ever touched!"

He squeezed them together, lifting them up high. I watched his reaction as I bent my head and ran my tongue over my nipple, nipping at his thumb. Wordlessly, he offered my other nipple for the same treatment, and I obliged. At the same time, I reached behind me and unzipped his jeans.
