 Jonathan Cartwight leaned back and stretched his muscular 6'4" frame and then clasped his hands behind his head as he reflected on the events of the past year which were a milestone in his career. For 14 years he had been a curator of Impressionist Art at two major museums before deciding to start his own business and open a gallery specializing in art that very few people had the guts or knowledge to pursue. 

He had learned everything he knew about this specialized field from Pamela Woods while he was at the Museum of Fine Art in Boston. He had met Pamela one day at lunch in the museum cafeteria and found out that she was the curator of the museum's very private collection of erotic art which was only available to be seen by special appointment. The collection consisted of all kinds of erotic art from primitive sculptures to Picasso to modern day illustrators like Tom of Finland. Pamela was a woman in her early 60's, not very attractive and not sexually attractive to him at all. She tried to get him in bed all through the years he had known her but nothing ever happened. They became good friends as he invited his wife, Tina, to join them in a tour of the gallery once, and both gals hit it off from the start and became friendly on a strictly social basis since Tina wasn't in the least turned on by Pamela either and he didn't believe that Pamela was bisexually inclined anyway.

Through her, he had met suppliers, collectors and a number of modern day erotic artists whose work was excellent. While in Boston, he and Tina were discussing some of the extra special works in the collection which were a terrific turn on, while lying in bed and relaxing between sex sessions, when the idea to open a gallery catering to the many extremely wealthy art collectors in the world who, it seemed, would pay almost anything to get a particularly important work of erotic art, slowly took root in his mind. It took another few months of thought and planning before he discussed his plans with Tina. She flipped over the idea and just knew it was the right decision as her husband was intelligent and tasteful and knew quite a bit about art in general as well as all the ins and outs of sex which he loved every bit as much as she. They had a very open sexual relationship since they had first started dating and since both were bisexual, they shared many interests as well as partners. This would be the perfect business for Jon and she knew he would make it a success.

Now as he sat there thinking about the glowing statement his accountant had dropped off this afternoon, he realized that the business had exceeded his wildest expectations in only his first year and he hadn't even partially tapped the market of collectors worldwide. The business had taken him around the world at least twice this past year when he opened a few accounts in the Far East including a high ranking member of the Chinese government but he knew that there were many collectors in Europe and the Middle East who would be extremely interested in his works. 

Before opening the gallery, he contacted a number of reputable suppliers and artists and worked out special consignment contracts with them so that he stocked his gallery with fine erotic art in every medium for just a relatively low cost shipping charge and insurance coverage. He had decided that New York would be the best place to have the gallery and Tina conveniently arranged for a company transfer to New York so they packed their belongings and headed for the Big Apple. Jon remembered scouting out locations in the Upper Eastside, preferably on Madison Avenue, until he found the perfect spot on 79th Street and Madison on the west side of the avenue. It was a fairly narrow store but was very long and widened about halfway back and had a second floor the same size as the main floor. It also had a very large basement which was perfect for storage. The sign in the window read, "'The Gallery' - By Private Appointment Only –212- 248-8303" and he had a primitive Nambian carved ebony sculpture in the window which looked nothing like what it was until you were told that it was really a phallus entering a vagina and then it transformed itself before your eyes into a very erotic work of art. Those collectors who knew about this particular piece would smile to themselves as they passed the window each day. 

It was approaching 3 pm and he had an appointment with the Mexican financier, Carlos Rivera who was flying in from Mexico City with his wife. Jon had been referred to him by Pamela and they were coming in to see what he had in the gallery. Just then the bell rang and he took the long walk from his office through the gallery to open the front door for his prospective clients. Carlos was a big man, even bigger than he, and ruggedly handsome with wavy black hair and a seemed in excellent shape. Rita was an absolutely gorgeous redhead with huge breasts and ass and dressed to show it off. He showed them into the gallery and locked the door behind them as he showed them to a small sitting area in the back of the gallery where he told them that, after conversing with Carlos on the telephone from Mexico City, he had gathered a few very choice works from the modern period and was most anxious to display them. Carlos told him to go right ahead and he brought out a very special, very erotic Picasso etching which both of them practically drooled over as they picked out all the sex scenes depicted on the large print. Then he showed them three hand molded bronze vaginas by John Woods, each showing a different type of vagina and mounted on a bronze platform to be hung as a bas relief on a wall. They were perfect in every detail as, from what he understood, Woods had interviewed hundreds of women until he found the three he wanted and hand molded their vaginas. Last, but not least was a very large oil by Tom of Finland showing two magnificent looking men lying on their sides sucking each other's cocks. It was electrifying in its sensuality and he could see Rivera's eyes sparkle when he saw it. Carlos asked to see what else he had in the gallery and he took them around showing him the works displayed. While showing them a particularly sensual etching of two couples having sex, Rita happened to mention how appealing the scene was to her and leaned over and asked Carlos if he knew any couples in New York that they could meet tonight. Jon happened to overhear her whisper and asked them if they would like to join he and his wife for dinner at their place later so that they could get to know each other better. They immediately agreed and Carlos told him that he would be purchasing the Picasso, the Woods sculpture, the Finland oil and the etching by Giovanni. Jon totaled it all up and presented his bill and Carlos whipped out his checkbook and paid in full immediately. Jon told him he would have everything packed and shipped to Mexico City within the week and he led them out of the gallery as he closed up. He had phoned Tina and told her about the Rivera's and she said she would arrange for dinner to be delivered at 8 pm and would be home to join them shortly as she still had a few things to finish up at the office. 

He led them the two blocks to their building and up to their penthouse apartment overlooking Central Park which they thought was magnificent. He got them drinks and Carlos took out a thin cigarette case and offered him a professionally rolled joint which he said was from the very best Mexican crop. He told him that being a successful businessman allowed him to purchase only the best and prodded Jon to try it. Jon really didn't need much prodding as he too enjoyed good grass and from the first deep hit, he knew it was very good stuff as he felt the tingle course through his body almost immediately. He questioned Carlos as to the wisdom of carrying grass on an international flight but he shrugged and said that he's been doing it for many years with no problem. Jon took them around and showed them his private collection of erotic and impressionist art and it was while standing in front of a pastel drawing by Knowles that he felt a hand at his crotch and looked down to see Carlos' hand rubbing the bulge in his pants and squeezing his slowly hardening organ. He was totally relaxed and enjoyed the sensations that Carlos was giving him so he leaned back and rested against his solid frame as Carlos got him harder and harder. Then Rita moved in front of him and went down on her knees as she moved her husband's hand away and zipped open his fly and reached in and took his now fully erect cock out as well as his big, full ball sac which was so nice and tight and round. She began to lick his shaft from the base to the head and then took his balls in her mouth and sucked them as she ran her tongue all over them. 

As she licked him, Carlos lowered Jon's pants and shorts to his ankles and was rubbing his thick erection between his ass cheeks. Just then, the front door opened and they heard Tina announce her arrival. When she turned the corner, she saw the scene before her and told them not to stop because of her and that she would join them in a moment. Jon was in another world and didn't really want to leave it so he just stayed where he was and let Rita's talented mouth create wonderful pleasures in his organ as Carlos teased his anus with his magnificent, thick organ. Then he came out of a wonderful trance when he felt Tina's lips cover his and her tongue snake down his throat. She suggested that we all retire to the bedroom where we could be so much more comfortable and the three of them dragged him inside and stripped him of his clothes and then removed theirs. Rita asked him to get on all fours and got underneath and went back to sucking his cock as her husband fit the swollen head of his penis to Jon's tight anus and forced it inside after coating it with copious amounts of his precum. Then Tina got comfortable in front of him and offered him her pussy to suck which he couldn't possibly refuse. She was commenting on Carlos' fucking technique and complimented him on it as he stroked into her husband's ass. She told him that when he's finished with Jon, she would like to experience the same thing with him and he nodded his agreement as he suddenly grasped Jon's hips and forced himself deep inside as his cock swelled and exploded in spasm after spasm of ecstasy. Jon felt the hot cum invade his anus and started to cum into Rita's waiting mouth by the second spurt. He didn't want Carlos to stop cumming and neither did Carlos. They were tightly locked together as both experienced mind blowing orgasms. 

Then Tina pulled her cunt from his face and went around to Rita who opened her arms to her. Carlos and he went off to clean up and when they returned their wives were locked together in a 69 which was so sensual it was getting his cock hard again. He and Carlos rested against the headboard pillows and played with each other's organs as they watched the sexy scene before them. Tina loved cunt and seemed to be really enjoying Rita's just as Rita seemed to be lost in his wife's delicious organ. Every once in a while one of them would raise their head and comment on how delicious it was and then go right back to enjoying and pleasuring each other. Jon rolled over on his stomach and lay down between Carlos' outstretched thighs and gazed at the beautiful penis that throbbed so sexily as it danced before his eyes. He couldn't resist taking the smooth, swollen, sloped cockhead in his mouth so he covered the entire crown with his lips and began to nurse on it as he teased the tiny slit with the tip of his tongue. 

He worked his hand up and down the rest of his enormous shaft and massaged it lovingly as he nursed on the delicious head. Carlos began feeding him loads of savory precum which he lapped up like it was nectar. As he was so occupied, he heard both gals cry out in orgasm and Carlos described to him what a beautiful sight it was to see them both cum together. He was totally lost in sucking the beautiful penis when Carlos asked if he could swing around and enjoy himself also. They lay down and rested their heads on their thighs as they sucked each other's cocks and played with their big balls. Jon lifted his head and told Carlos that he was going to fuck him before the night was over so he should be prepared to be invaded. Then he went back to sucking the large, thick erection to cries of encouragement and erotic suggestion by the two gals who were now watching the two of them while playing with themselves and each other. They were both hard and horny and thoroughly enjoying what they were doing but neither of them was anywhere near climax so after some time, they parted mutually just as the intercom rang. 

The doorman was sending up the food that Tina had ordered so they made themselves presentable and by the time they were ready, the doorbell rang. Tina let the crew of two in with their large rolling cart and told them to set everything up in the dining room. The two waiters were very efficient and the table was set and the food out in no time at all. When they were finished, Tina told them to return in an hour as we would we be finished by then and they started eating an absolutely exquisite meal prepared for them by the hand of their favorite chef, Franco. While eating, Carlos told them that they must come to Mexico City sometime soon and stay with them a few days and meet some very interesting friends of theirs who are great in bed and, by the way, are all in the market for good erotic art. Jon told Carlos that he was planning a trip to Monte Carlo soon but might be able to take him up on it after that. Tina mentioned that she would be busy at work for the next week but should be free after that and they made tentative plans to visit them in about a month to be firmed up by phone sometime before they leave for Europe. They finished their coffee and had retired to the living room when the waiters returned and cleaned up the dining room before wheeling out the cart.

Since Carlos and Rita had just flown in to see the art, they had made arrangements to leave the following day as Carlos had some pressing business to take care of in Mexico. He mentioned that had he known they would be having sex like this, he would have made it a longer trip. All four of them decided to spend the night getting to know one another better intimately and use the time they had wisely and efficiently so Jon asked Carlos if he was ready for a good fuck and Carlos smiled and walked over and grasped Jon's half hard penis in his hand and told him that he was going to have to get it hard enough first and dropped to his knees and took the crown between his lips and murmured that it was the most delicious desert he could have as he nursed on the sweet meat. As soon as Jon's penis was fully erect, Carlos removed his mouth and assumed the position as Jon rubbed his precum over his anal opening with the head of his cock and pushed it inside to the encouraging calls coming from their audience. He started to stroke in and out of the sexy ass and it wasn't long before both of them took off on a beautiful high and lost themselves in each other. Tina came over and got underneath Carlos and took the head of his cock in her mouth and began to suck it back and forth as she played with his balls. Rita got underneath him and began sucking his balls and moving in rhythm to his strokes as he fucked her husband. It wasn't too long after that that Carlos exploded in orgasm and fed Tina the juices from his balls. Jon felt the spasms as Carlos' ass contracted around his thick shaft which brought on his own orgasm and he began shooting hot ropes of cum into Carlos in spasm after spasm of pleasure. Each spurt brought a grunt of approval from Carlos as he unloaded the contents of his balls into Tina's hungry mouth. 

After cleaning up and showering, they got back on the huge bed and relaxed with drinks in hand. Jon mentioned that his upcoming trip to Monte Carlo was to see a few very important early Greek erotic sculptures which have been part of a major collection for many years. The owner recently passed away and his heirs had the works up for sale. Tina told them that she was coming along for the ride since it would be a quick 4 day trip and she couldn't pass up a few days in that fabulous city. Carlos asked if they happened to know a Count Bergerow in Monte Carlo and when Jon told him that he didn't, he told them that they should definitely look him up as soon as they got there as Philippe and his wife, Ghislaine, were close friends of theirs and were part of the international group of bisexuals that they have been partying with for years. He asked Jon for paper and pencil and wrote down their address and phone number telling them that they won't be sorry they contacted them and mentioned that he was going to call Philippe when he got back home to let him know they were stopping by. 

While they had been talking, Tina had been playing with Carlos' penis and had it fully erect and throbbing. With a look of satisfaction and accomplishment on her face, she got on her hands and knees and asked Carlos to please insert his rigid tool in her ass and fuck her like he did Jon earlier. Carlos needed no prodding and moved quickly behind her and rubbed some precum from the head of his erection over her anus and pushed the head inside. As his swollen cocked popped inside her ass, she cried out in pleasure and pushed back to capture more of the thick meat. Jon lay down in front of Tina and asked Rita to come over and sit on his cock as he wanted to fuck her in the ass also while Tina sucked her cunt. Rita lowered herself on his stiff organ and worked it into her anus as Tina lowered her head and began licking her labia. The four of them took off on a wonderful sexual high as they pleasured each other, remarking every once in a while how good they felt. Carlos had reached underneath Tina and was playing his fingers in the folds of her slit as he stroked in and out of her sensational ass and it wasn't long before she lifted her mouth from Rita's tasty pussy and cried out in orgasm. Soon after going back to sucking Rita's clitoris, Jon felt her shudder and cry out that she was cumming as her ass contracted around his thick shaft with each spasm she experienced. Carlos was still moving smoothly into Tina's receptive ass and, as soon as Rita calmed down a bit, she resumed her beautiful horseback riding movements on his cock and the four of them lost themselves in pleasure once again. 

Although hard as rocks, both Jon and Carlos were nowhere near ready to cum so after experiencing a number of highs, Jon suggested that they form a suck circle and taste each other's organs for a while. Since Tina had been sucking Rita, she lay down and rested her head on Carlos' thigh and gazed at his enormous throbbing penis after going inside and bringing wet and dry towels and thoroughly cleaning his cock before taking it between her lips. Carlos guided Jon's throbbing organ to his mouth as Jon made himself comfortable on Rita's sexy thigh and looked at her most attractive spread before dipping his tongue into her swollen pussy and tasting the delicious juices she offered him. Rita took the towels from Tina and cleaned his cock before covering the swollen crown with her lips and murmuring her approval as she nursed on the sweet meat. They changed positions every once in a while so that each tasted the other's organ and then somehow wound up with Jon and Carlos sucking each other as the girls did the same. Carlos had a wonderful mouth and, in some respects, was even better than his wife, who was no slouch either and Jon started to feel the oncoming orgasm as Carlos deep throated his throbbing penis. He lifted his head from the delicious tool and told Carlos he was getting ready to feed him a load and asked if Carlos was anywhere near ready to feed him also. Carlos told him that he was almost there also and not to stop what he was doing and he would have the juices he craved as well. Jon went off on a pleasure trip as his cock swelled and started shooting ropes of hot cum down Carlos' hungry throat. As the first spurt splashed into his mouth, Carlos' organ began erupting and Jon gulped down load after load of delicious cream as the thick penis discharged into his waiting mouth. They kept sucking deeply on each other's cocks long after their orgasms were over and finally parted complimenting each other on a job well done. 
