 Author's Note: the following story is a work of pure fiction, based on a nugget of fact. The people in this story actually exist, although no real names are used. The thread does exist and the banter between strangers who became long distance friends really occurred … and is ongoing. The meeting and subsequent events in this story are a total work of the imagination of the author and what he wishes earnestly might happen with these ladies. Oh, yes, the most accurate facts in this story are those relating to the beauty and sexiness of the four women involved…but even my words don't do them real justice. My thanks to Pookies, Copper Butterfly, Martini in Silk and Dee957 for their cooperation in my story, for their editing efforts, and especially for their friendship.

I could not believe my good luck. Here I sat at the back of a big café in a strange city, at the back side of a round booth with two beautiful women sitting on my left and two beautiful women sitting on my right. True they classified themselves as "mature" women but to me that simply meant that they had lived long enough to be experienced and very ripe and luscious. The best thing about "young" women is that they become "mature" women

But let me tell you how I came to be here. It would be fair to state that I am older than all of these lovely ladies. By the time I became aware of their existence, I was retired from an interesting career in computer systems, having made a comfortable living. But, without female companionship (or at least, not very often), I went searching for an alternative.

No! Not that kind of alternative! I'll leave that lifestyle to those who enjoy it. Personally I enjoy women. So if I didn't get lucky enough in the real world to be honored with their favors very often, I could at least exercise my imagination. I began to search the Internet, looking not for porn but for something more satisfying. I found it when I stumbled across a site called Literotica.

Literotica provides a forum for just about every sexual taste. Many people write erotic stories and post them for others to read and comment about. Other places on the site provide a forum for simple discussions between strangers who wanted to talk about the same subject. Some forums were used just to chat, others were used to post pictures, often including pictures of the delights of various women or the cocks of men and occasionally pictures of activity between two or more people. It was a sort of "something for everyone" kind of place.

I had always had an active imagination and envisioned all kinds of scenarios that resulted in me having sex with a wonderful woman. In the real world, I have been lucky enough to sample the wares of several ladies (no, I've never counted and don't want to) and I have never, ever come across one that I didn't like … well, some more than others, but I have liked them all. And, of course, in my imagination, all women are very beautiful and very gracious and generous.

I began writing my stories and submitting them for posting. As time passed, I would have a casual encounter with a woman in a store and my imagination built a whole story about it developing into a wonderful sexual encounter. Or I would see pictures of some woman on Literotica and a similar situation would occur. Occasionally one of my real world encounter would come back to mind and I would write the story, occasionally just as it happened, usually embellishing it to the story I would have like to happen.

Thus it was that one day I was perusing the Amateur Pic Feedback thread called, "Tits of the Mature Lady!" Well, that was like waving a red cape in front of an angered bull … except that my emotion was lust instead of anger. I have always thought that the tits were among the most amazing features of women and there is nothing like the tits of a mature woman. They tend to be large, soft and wonderfully expressive. I have often followed a woman to get a better view of her after catching a glimpse of large boobs. It is a situation that makes my mouth water, yet turn dry while my penis grows stiff and struggles to find expansion room in my pants.

A person with the user name of milkjug had opened this particular thread. Not exactly a term of respect for the dear woman but, guessing that she might have suckled several infants through the early months of their life, I could believe that she might have felt like nothing more than "a milk jug" at times. And yet that nourishment directly from the body of the child's mother along with her loving, caring attitude to her offspring is exactly what makes me so drawn to her mammaries.

In this case the lady had a huge pair of boobs, and my mind jumped immediately to the image of her, on hands and knees, as I plied her treasures from behind, those jogs swinging and swaying wildly until I captured them in my hands and pumped myself into her. The fact that she was a mature woman only made me harder, made me want her more.

I subscribed to the thread and went back to it often. Although milkjug did not post many times, other mature women joined the thread, adding pictures of their breasts to those of the originator. Most of them started out a little shyly, posting a "bust" shot where they were wearing a sweater, blouse or dress and then worked their way into more erotic shots.

Some ladies came to the thread, posted one or two pix and then disappeared. But four women, four magnificently-endowed, beautiful, witty, intelligent women, posted their pictures, chatted with anybody who stopped to acknowledge them, and then posted more pix. I'm not certain about who came first but a lady with the username of Pookies posted several pix of her beauties. About the same time user Copperbutterfly (properly Copper Butterfly but usually shortened to just Copper) posted her fabulous breasts. Another user, Martini in Silk (casually referred to as just Martini) posted her fantastic bulbous beauties. A little later, the thread was honored when user dee957 began posting.

All four of these ladies posted multiple photos of their treasures, much to the delight of me and other men who visited the thread. Like other females, most of the guys came by sporadically, as they had time. A couple of guys and I seemed to have more time and posted more frequently, letting the women know how much we appreciated their generosity. Actually, in my case, that was not true … I never felt like I could find the words that were strong enough to convey my true feelings. Every time I went back to the thread and found a new picture, especially if it was from one of the "Magnificent Four", I felt so honored, so humble, so inadequate to express my gratitude … and lust. Sometimes I tried to hide the lust I felt for these women but I know it came through. I could only hope that it did not come through as a sign of disrespect, the very last thing I wanted or felt.

All four of the women turned out to have tremendous senses of humor. They took all the comments from guys and gals alike, many of them pretty ribald, and turned it into something self-deprecating or funny or just plain sexy. "E-kisses" were doled out by the gross. The ladies made us feel like kings, and referred to us by all sorts of sweet endearments, most of which were probably not justified but nevertheless were gratefully received.

Anyway days and weeks and months pass and I found myself spending as much spare time as I could checking the Tits thread. I found out that Pookies had a husband but Copper did not, although she did have a long distance relationship with a boyfriend. I wasn't sure about Martini or Dee but I didn't see them mention one. Occasionally I would exchange private messages with the individual ladies but most of our comments went into the public forum of the thread. I certainly didn't mind letting anyone know that I thought these were among the greatest women on earth.

There was always a lot of talk about getting together. I would write one of the ladies about how much I appreciated her magnificent twins and ask if I could squeeze them or maybe lick them or something, things I knew were just talk and would never happen. We lived too far apart and after all, this was just fantasy … wasn't it?

Then one of the ladies … I don't remember who brought it up first … suggested that as many of us as could get together for "coffee" or something. That got the talk started, slowly at first and then an excitement seemed to mount. A city close to the heart of the country was suggested as a meeting place and a few days later, Martini advised the name and address of a café that we could use for our meeting.

At first I thought it was out of the question. I was a good 800 miles from the location. But the idea nagged at me. When would I ever get the opportunity to meet four of the sweetest, most generous, understanding women in the world? And they all spoke my language … in more ways than one!

I began to make plans. Okay, I couldn't drive as long as I did in my younger days without getting a bad case of "jet lag" and I couldn't afford that. So I could break it into 2 days of 400 miles and make it easily. I found out that Copper was had about 600 miles, Dee had about the same as me but Pookies was only a couple hundred miles and Martini was the lucky one so she was going to play hostess.

We chatted about the details with several guys responding that they would be there. However among the ladies, only the "Magnificent Four" seemed to be making plans to attend. The closer it got to time, the more excited I got, although I tried not to convey that to the ladies. I have to admit that I was …well, let's say … apprehensive about meeting such beautiful women. I've never been all that confident in the presence of beauty and no matter what they looked like in reality (their pictures had not shown facial shots), I knew beyond a shadow of doubt that these four women were beautiful. Still I buoyed up my courage; I WAS going to do this.

The trip turned out to be a breeze. Well, maybe that's an exaggeration but every time I began to tire, I thought about those four lovely ladies at the end of this trip. Just getting to meet them in person, getting to talk with them and learn more about them would be the highlight of my year and probably much, much more. I didn't dare hope to get to know any of them intimately but … well, I had been surviving on fantasies for the last few months and this would surely add to my list of "possible" fantasies.

After a night at a very nice local hotel not far from the meeting place, I spent an antsy morning trying to kill time until the agreed meeting time that afternoon. I took one long warm shower and then two cold ones before dressing in slacks and shirt for the meeting.

When I arrived, the café's hostess showed me to the table in the farthermost recesses of the building. There sat Copper and Martini … I didn't need to be introduced to them nor did I need pictures of their faces. The Copper-colored hair and the shape of the body identified the beautiful Copper Butterfly. The shape of her lovely boobs and the way she sat with her shoulders back made me sure it was Martini. I was right about both ladies.

As I stopped at the table, both of them jumped up and I got hugs and kisses from both of them. Because I had not posted any pictures, I introduced myself as Techsan and they looked at each other and laughed. Copper said, "See. I told you he'd make it. Come on in here and sit with us, honey."

I slid around to the back of the table, winding up between the two women. They immediately included me in their conversation and in just a few minutes I realized that I really was among friends. Maybe fifteen minutes later Dee showed up and we went through introductions all around. That was repeated just a few minutes later when Pookies showed up. By then I was really in heaven, a lone man among four fabulous beauties.

Once again the group just seemed to absorb the new arrivals like old friends even though they had never met in person either. The conversation covered the gamut of life, from what size family each person had and how every one of them was doing and what they did for a living or where they went to school. I was a little left out when the talk turned to clothes because I have never been a real connoisseur of clothes.

The waitress had brought several pots of coffee, all of which disappeared as the conversation progressed. The banter was light and airy and friendly and they unfailingly included me. I was especially appreciative of the many light touches to my hands or arms and an occasional pat on the back. I was amazed when saw Martini look at her watch and realized that more than two hours had passed.

She put this sweet but devilish little grin on her face and said, "Well, I don't know about the rest of you but I'd like to go somewhere and get comfortable. There was a chorus of, "Me too" … and I think I even heard my own voice in there somewhere. The ladies began collecting their purses and sweaters while I dug out enough money for the coffee and a bit extra for the waitress who let us waste so much of her time.

In the ensuing scramble, I volunteered that I had a very nice room nearby and it was decided that they would join me there. Since we all had separate cars, I felt like I was leading a parade. I ushered the ladies into my room, grateful that I had remembered to straighten up my things before I left earlier and housekeeping had taken care of everything else.

The room had two double beds and two chairs so people used the beds like lounge chairs, kicking off their shoes and dropping purses on various furniture parts. We had been there only a few minutes when Martini said, "Ladies, our tits brought us together in the first place and our tits led to this meeting. My tits prefer to be free so I'm not going to be bashful."

Crossing her hands and clutching the hem of her top, she pulled it over her head, revealing her vast bra-encased cleavage. However it was the work of only seconds with her hands behind her and the bra followed the shirt. She cupped her huge tits in both hands, rubbing the red lines caused by the restraining bra. 

The pix she had posted always showed her breasts in relatively low light so I had wondered if her areolas were really as dark and as large as they appeared. They turned out to be huge and of a dark dusky red color. As I knew they would, they looked "udderly delicious."

I was amazed … and my cock began expanding immediately. I doubled up on the end of one of the beds, trying to hide my embarrassing condition. I need not have bothered. The ladies weren't concerned with me. Dee957 followed Martini's lead, unbuttoning her blouse and tossing it on a chair. She was wearing a sparkling white satin bra that held her beauties up tall and proud. But it quickly came off, revealing the big pair of tits I had drooled over only in pictures until now.

True to her pix, Dee's breasts were a creamy white color with smaller areolas but larger nipples, both in a pinkish crimson shade. The way her nipples already stood out stiff and proud made my mouth water with desire.

Everyone turned to Copper. Over the months she had been the shy one. She had posted as many pix as the other ladies had but far and away the majority of them had been "undercover." She was wearing a shirt or a bra or a towel. She displayed lots of wonderful cleavage, often with strands of her Copper-colored hair just barely touching the upper regions, always with her lustrous smooth skin and a smattering of freckles that added to my desire to lick her all over. Occasionally she would show the hint of a nipple but rarely did she reveal all of her breast.

Now the ladies and I all turned to her expectantly, hoping that she would finally open up and show herself to us. And she did, performing a sort of strip tease where she slowly removed her blouse to reveal the beautiful lacy purple bra that she had posted pictures of. Then slowly she unfastened the bra and let it slid down her breasts, revealing a set of twins every bit as magnificent in their own right as the others.

Her delicate skin was almost translucent like fine porcelain and I'm sure she could never sunbathe for long without sustaining a tremendous sunburn. However that didn't make them any less desirable. Her areolas were small but her nipples were large and they too were distended with excitement. They were a beautiful shade of pink with maybe just a tinge of rose stirred in. She looked even yummier than my imagination had conceived all these months.

Then all eyes turned to Pookies. I heard Martini say, "Come on, sweetie, it's your turn."

However, Pookies wrapped her arms around her front and replied, barely above a whisper, "No, I don't think I can do it right now. I promised I'd save myself for hubby."

Dee came over and hugged Pookies, "That's okay, sweetie, we understand." Aaarrrgggghh! Those big breasts all pressed together! My cock was still trying to grow like a completely inflated balloon.

Out of nowhere, Martini came flying across my legs, almost yelling, "Hey, look at this girls. Tech's got a little problem." She was drawing their attention to the stretched condition of the front of my slacks, the condition I had been trying to hide. Before I could react, she had me rolled on my back and said, "Are we going to let him get away with this, ladies? I think not. Come help me."

She began fumbling with my belt and gleefully Copper and Dee joined her. I admit I didn't put up too much of a struggle and my pants were soon pulled off my feet and discarded. Left in my jockey shorts, the ladies made ribald comments about my "tent" like men tend to make about a woman's curvy figure. It was all good-natured but with an edge to it.

Actually having the women wrestling over me had been even more of a turn-on because, for the first time, I got to put my hands on them, on smooth bare backs, on soft swinging tits, even on clothed legs. It was fun and I didn't want it to end.

However all the ladies again sat down on the beds while I lay crossways of one, with Martini sitting beside me on one side and Copper on the other. With my head hanging over the edge of the bed, I could see Pookies and Dee facing us on the other bed. Martini patted my arm and then ran her hand along my upper arm. Copper's hand rested on my chest while the talk resumed. For some reason, just the simple act of being in contact with these sexy ladies was very erotic to me and every so often my cock flexed of its own accord, without conscious thought or effort.

I became aware of Martini sending glances my way every so often and pondered what was on her mind. I didn't contribute to the conversation, unless someone asked me a direct question, because my mind and eyes were occupied by trying to memorize the magnificent lush contours of the breast of the ladies.

Then everything escalated. Martini moved her hand down to the tent in my shorts and touched me through the cloth. She gave me a couple of gentle strokes and I imagined I could read lust in her face…maybe it was just a little devilish grin but it had the same impact on me. I saw Copper turn and stare at Martini's hand, which carefully pinched a bit of the waistband of my shorts and began to pull downward slowly. She grinned at me, knowing that the anticipation was killing me!

As she exposed my genitals, Martini said, "Look at this, ladies. I think we might have another treasure here." I knew she wasn't talking about my size because I'm just average or maybe a little bigger, depending on whose version of average you believe. But I did produce a very stiff erection and right then, I was subscribing to the axiom, "A hard man is good to find."

Martini stroked my penis gently and I groaned with desire. Copper cupped my balls and her thumb began to trace the contour of my testicles. I was already in a state of ecstasy. Martini asked, "Anyone want to claim the right to be first?"
