 Have you ever had a partner who wanted to share your fantasies? How about one who was more concerned with making sure that your every fantasy was met before his were even considered? I was lucky enough to have found such a partner in Sam.

If you read Chapters 1 and 2, you know I consider myself very lucky to have found my perfect sexual fit in Sam. Sam and I can share anything. For example, he explains to me in great detail how it feels when I cum and my pussy clamps down on his cock and he can feel my juices running down his cock and over his balls. I explain to him how I take his cock in my mouth and consciously control my tongue so that I can push the head of his cock down the back of my throat. We also spend a lot of time talking about our fantasies. Well, truth be told, Sam spends a lot of time asking about my fantasies and trying to make them happen. When I ask him to share his fantasies he tells me he is already getting plenty as he can ask me anything I am happy to explain how it feels to me in great detail. Other than that, Sam doesn't share many of his nastier fantasies with me

On this occasion I must have caught him in a moment of weakness because when I asked him what he would like to try some day, he responded that I better be careful what I ask for or I might just get it. Now, that sounded like a dare to me, and not being one to back down from a challenge, I pressed him further. "I would like to see another man fuck you," he said. "Nothing would make me hotter than to be able to see you fuck another man, have another man make you cum and then to join in with you. Does that frighten you?"

I thought for a minute and said, "No, that doesn't frighten me, and if that is something you would like to see, then it would only be right for us to explore that opportunity. If you can find a way to make this happen, I will join you gladly."

I was pretty sure this wasn't the response Sam expected, but he ran with it before I could change my mind. That afternoon I opened my email to find blind copies of emails Sam had sent in response to some ads on a website as well as some of the responses he had received in return. Of course, Sam had only sent me the tactful responses as some were down right nasty. Over the next couple of weeks Sam and I proceeded to pick someone to meet with. We were all set for a meet and greet the next day when we chickened out and canceled. The more we talked about the missed opportunity the more we realized we wanted to share that experience together. We decided to start a little slower, choosing someone who just wanted to watch. I was great with this; I knew that Sam and I were so HOT together that anyone watching would be in for a treat. Along with that, I also knew that with Sam I would always be safe and that once he started kissing me my horny nature would take over and I would very likely forget we even had an audience. It had happened before.

The next day, Sam forwarded me an email that he had received from a gentleman who was interested in joining us to watch. Sam admitted that he had been perusing the personal ads and had sent responses to several advertisers who stated they would like to watch, or maybe join in with a couple for sex. I read the advertisement with a pit of nervousness in my stomach, but I had promised Sam I would participate, so I agreed that if Sam felt this would be the right man, I would stick to the bargain. Sam responded to the ad and over the course of the next month, spoke through email and telephone with Kyle exploring what each was looking for out of the encounter and attempting to establish a relationship each would be comfortable with. Sam involved me in each phase of the communication so that I would have every opportunity to voice any opinions and concerns. As the relationship developed and the plans began to firm up, Sam questioned me about my feelings and he asked me to describe what I would like to have happen when we met with Kyle. Sam reminded me that nothing was off limits and that anything I had ever desired could be available. 

I finally had to admit that I could not even begin to imagine what would be available to me with two men at my beck and call. But I also had to admit that the thought of someone watching the two of us fucking with more passion than most people accumulate in a lifetime was extremely erotic. Sam asked me if Kyle decided he would like to join in, how would I react? I thought for a bit and responded that when I was with Sam, rational thoughts were the furthest thing from my mind and that I was sure that if it felt natural I would go with the flow.

As the day approached, we continued to talk about what could possibly happen when we met Kyle. We had rented a hotel room next to an arcade and were planning on meeting Kyle at the arcade. If all went well, Sam would invite Kyle back to the room to watch, and maybe more. I still couldn't quite believe this would happen; it seemed so very far fetched. Sam stated that this wasn't that far out of the realm of possibility. 

In fact, he reminded me, I had had such an experience in the past. As a teenager I had been parked out in the woods with two older guys who I would have done anything to impress and they had shared me, one working my pussy and the other enjoying kissing me and feeling me rub his cock. Back then, I had felt like I had done something very wrong and I had done everything I could to forget that moment. In fact, I was embarrassed any time I even thought about it. I was sure that those two guys realized how inexperienced I was and that they had spent the next months laughing at my expense. Sam attempted to change my view of that night. Sam made me see how adventurous I was, even back then, and insisted that those two guys still came on their bellies when they thought back to that time. But, because it wasn't a pleasant experience for me, Sam wanted very much to re-write that history, so that I could remember having two cocks at the same time without embarrassment. Even to remember it with nostalgia and pride and definitely with a big smile on my face. 

On that Tuesday, we had decided to have a daytime meeting. We enjoyed having a little afternoon delight, an extended lunch, some pleasure in the middle of the day. Sam and I met and rode to the motel room together. We had arrived an hour early and found that the lure of the empty motel room was too much to ignore. I pulled a few outfits from my bag and gave Sam a small fashion show. Before long, Sam was removing my clothes and he pulled me onto the bed in a very passionate embrace. We spent that entire hour fucking, sucking and licking. I was doing my very best to make Sam cum, and Sam doing his best to hold off until after our meeting with Kyle. Finally Sam won out and we dressed to walk over and meet Kyle. As agreed to earlier, I put on a black mini skirt with the tiniest of see thru panties and a see thru white, button-up blouse with a white lace push up bra underneath. Truth be told, by the time Sam adjusted my nipples just right, very little of my tits were still encased in the lace. Together, we walked to the arcade to meet Kyle. 

When we arrived at the arcade, we took a quick look around and did not see anyone who resembled the man in the picture that Kyle had sent. As we wandered a little longer we saw Kyle arrive. Sam had been the only one to communicate with Kyle prior to the meeting and in order to save me and Kyle added pressure, Sam had told Kyle that I knew nothing about the meeting, but that I liked to show off and dress sexy in public. Sam also hinted to Kyle that if he were to approach me and win my trust, I would most likely very much enjoy the attention. Our agreement was that this would be a meet and greet and only if everyone felt comfortable would the meeting progress. 

Once Kyle arrived, Sam filled his pocket with quarters and took me to a Grand Prix driving game where I could sit and play next to him and where there was an empty seat on the other side of me should Kyle choose to join us. As we played, Kyle came up and sat down at the empty game next to me. I looked at him and smiled and continued to play my game. As I looked back to Sam, I noticed a huge smile on his face as he was truly enjoying the attention Kyle was paying me. I began to enjoy the game also, making sure my skirt was pulled up as high as was decently possible there in public and I began making small talk with my new neighbor. 

After a few minutes, Sam and I got up and moved to some pinball games on the other side of the room. As we walked, Sam was reminding me to walk with my shoulders back and my tits sticking out, I of course followed the directions (if you read Chapter 2, you will know why). As we walked, Sam whispered that when Kyle had walked in and sat next to me, he had given Sam a thumbs up sign, apparently pleased with what he saw in me. Playing pinball, Kyle joined us, again taking the empty machine next to me. This time, Kyle started the small talk and included both Sam and I, but as he spoke, I noticed his gaze kept falling to my shirt and what lay tantalizingly visible underneath and then back to Sam as if to affirm that it was alright with Sam that he was looking. I continued to talk to both men, flirting freely with Sam and slightly with Kyle as would befit a first meeting. While Sam finished playing, I introduced myself to Kyle and then introduced him to Sam. Sam advised Kyle that we were interested in playing miniature golf and asked Kyle to join us. Kyle quickly agreed.

Our threesome met at the first hole and we all agreed that ladies should go first. I looked slyly at Sam and bent down, in a very unladylike manner to place the ball on the tee, making sure that my ass and my very skimpy panties were visible to the men. I then stood up wiggled my hips back and forth and took a swing at the ball. (I sooo love flirting.) As I stepped away from the tee to allow Sam and Kyle to take their turns, I noticed a huge smile on Sam's face and a look of astonishment on Kyle's face. As the game proceeded, I continued to flash my partners showing them my ass and unbuttoning my blouse to distract them from making their shots. I even unbuttoned the blouse so they could more easily look at my tits as I bent over. All that bending over finally resulted in my tits falling out of their precarious position in the bra and I made no attempt to replace them. I knew that once he noticed this, it would drive Sam wild. 

As we played I rubbed against Sam and kissed him passionately and gently brushed against Kyle. Each time I looked at Kyle, I was rewarded with a disbelieving smile and a shake of the head. Each time I looked at Sam, I was rewarded with a look of pure lust. As the game proceeded, Kyle and Sam's golf games deteriorated, but a relationship began to build that would allow all partners to move on to the next step if they chose. As I would putt and then bend over to retrieve my ball from the hole I could hear Kyle telling Sam that it sure seemed like I enjoyed showing off and Sam agreeing with Kyle and encouraging Kyle to enjoy as much as he could. At the end of the game, Sam leaned in and whispered to me, asking me if I would like him to invite Kyle back to our room. Before I could think, I answered yes. This was Sam's fantasy and I was enjoying it very much as well. I wanted to make sure it continued to rock Sam's world. Once the offer to join us was extended, Kyle readily agreed to join us and we walked next door to the motel.

As we walked, I was almost overcome with nervousness, but Sam can read me so well. He calmed me with a look and kept up small talk so that I had less time to ponder what was about to happen. The three of us entered the room and the nerves of all three were palpable. To lessen the tension, Sam sat down on the bed and called me over to him. As I stood in front of him, he took me into his arms and began kissing me passionately. As I kissed him back, I worked hard to forget that Kyle was in the room watching us. In fact I closed my eyes and just concentrated and the pure unadulterated lust I felt coming from Sam. I finally looked back to Kyle and offered him a seat as it seemed strange to have him standing there while he watched. Then I turned back to Sam and lost myself again in his kisses. 

As Sam kissed me, he unbuttoned my blouse, one button at a time, and then slid the blouse slowly down over my shoulders. I continued to kiss him with my eyes closed, afraid to look and see what Kyle was seeing. Sam reached around to my back and unhooked my bra, then he took my breasts into his hands one at a time and caressed them placing each in his mouth and sucking on the nipples, making them stand at attention while I moaned. As he did this he reached down and slid my skirt to my feet, followed by my panties, commenting that they didn't cover much anyway. He reached up again to kiss me, moving his hands around to my butt, and sliding his hands over the cheeks, pulling them apart to give Kyle a pleasant view as I stepped out of my clothes. He then turned me around and sat me on his lap so that Kyle could see my newly unveiled body. 

As I sat on his lap, Sam kissed the back of my neck and circled my clit with his finger and teasing it out. I finally gained the nerve to open my eyes and looked up to see Kyle watching Sam's fingers as they spread the lips of my pussy and separated out my clit, pinching and caressing it. I don't know why, but I had expected to see Kyle watching my face and was shocked to see that his eyes never left my pussy. I looked down to see what Kyle might be seeing and saw that my clit was hard and standing up and the lips of my pussy were red and swollen with the rush of blood coerced to its new location by Sam's attention. 

Sam moved further back on the bed and pulled me up to ride him, knowing how much I love to feel his cock inside me and my clit grinding against him. I climbed on top of Sam, sliding his hard, throbbing cock into my pussy very slowly so that I could feel it scrape the sides all the way in. As I did, I completely lost awareness of the fact that Kyle was watching us. I moved up and down on Sam's member stopping at the bottom to rock in a circle, grinding my clit against his pelvic bone. Sam held my hands and pushed back against my locked arms raising his hips to give me a full range of motion on his cock. I came in a wave of orgasms looking into Sam's eyes as I did. I finally lifted off of Sam's hard cock and moved down between his legs taking his cock in my mouth, tasting the sweet and tangy taste of my cum on him. 

Sam reached down and lifted my chin and told me he was really thirsty. I knew this was my cue. Sam had left his drink on the dresser next to where Kyle was sitting and he wanted me to go to Kyle and give him the opportunity to look at me all at once. I climbed off the bed, giggling nervously as I told Kyle that Sam wanted me to show myself to him. Kyle smiled and told me I had a great looking body. I thanked him (what else could I say) and I grabbed Sam's drink and climbed back between his legs where I again took his cock in my mouth. 

I loved to suck Sam's cock and I stroked his hard member with my lips and my hand as I sucked on the head, slowly sliding my lips down over the head stroking the shaft with my lips and forcing the head into the back of my throat to that point where I gag. As I gave him head, Sam moaned with pleasure. As I slid my lips back up to the head, I circled the head with my tongue and flicked it gently as I looked up into his eyes to see him watching me. And then, I slid my lips back down, continuing to circle the head each time I came to the top of my stroke. 

Finally, Sam pulled me up to him and asked me if it would be alright if Kyle joined us. I couldn't speak through the nerves, so I just nodded my head yes and I went back to my pleasure. I heard Sam tell Kyle it would be alright if he would like to touch me. Kyle practically flew out of his clothes and joined us on the bed. Sam kissed me passionately, looking into eyes and holding my face in his hands in an attempt to keep the nerves at bay. He continued to kiss me and then moved down to caress and suck on my tits as I felt Kyle gently touching my neck and stroking my side. With a little cue from Sam, I rolled my head toward Kyle and kissed him. His kiss was so much different than Sam's that I was shocked at first, but I continued to kiss him while reaching for Sam's cock to remind myself he was there watching and everything was as it should be. 

When I finally looked at Sam I noticed he was looking down at me and smiling, his eyes asking me if I was OK and I nodded to him in answer. Sam moved up to kneel next to my face and I rolled my head toward him and took his cock in my mouth again. As I sucked on Sam's cock, I felt Kyle's hands moving down my body to my very wet slit. I felt him exploring and caressing as I continued to stroke and suck on Sam's cock, watching Sam as he watched Kyle explore me. Then, to my surprise, I felt Kyle moving down the bed and between my legs. Sam had been the only man who had ever given me head and I had to make a conscious decision to open my legs and let Kyle move between them to take my clit in his mouth. I was so unprepared for this that I almost jumped out of my skin, but what Kyle was doing to me felt so very good I didn't move; except to open my legs wider and to cum and shake in waves. I could feel Kyle's tongue circling my clit and sliding down to enter my hole, probing the depths and returning to my clit. As I came I looked up at Sam who ran his fingers through my hair and gently stroked my face and kissed me to let me know he was enjoying, all the time nodding to me and smiling, his way of asking if I was OK. I couldn't talk; all I could do was smile and nod. 

As Sam sat up on his knees again, I again took his cock in my mouth as I knew that he really enjoyed it when I came with his cock in my mouth. As I circled the head with my tongue I noticed that his cock was exceptionally hard and that it had been leaking from the sight of Kyle eating my pussy. I tasted his pre-cum, wanting more than anything to have my mouth filled with that taste. Just then, I began to cum in waves of orgasms. As I would orgasm, I would keep Sam's hard cock in my mouth and all I could do was suck. Then as the orgasm would fade I would begin stroking his cock again with my hand and my lips. Sam would look down and watch Kyle as he skillfully brought me to orgasm with his oral skills and then he would look at me again with a look of pure enjoyment in his face. Sam was getting his fantasy; he was watching someone else making me cum. And I wasn't making out very badly myself. Finally, Kyle moved up toward my head to give me a breather.

We lay on the bed for a few minutes, catching our breath and making small talk. It was not lost on me, nor on Sam, that I was comfortable, laying there naked between two men, two men whose sole intent for the day was to pleasure me. Wow, what a world I was living in. And I realized that Sam's next wish had been met, I was already rewriting the bad memories of the past when I had lay across those two teenage guys, embarrassed as they talked about how the truck smelled like pussy.

I felt Kyle running his hands gently along my side and I turned to him to kiss and caress his arms and chest. As I did, I felt Sam move down to take his position between my legs and he licked and sucked me until I was screaming. Sam took my clit in his mouth and teased it with his tongue and his teeth, he pumped his fingers in and out of my pussy and my ass making me lose all control of myself. He would alternate between licking and sucking on my clit and pushing his chin against my pussy as he stroked his fingers in my ass, and pumping his fingers in my pussy as he spread the hood of my clit making it stand all alone. All I could do was lay back and scream in ecstasy. As I moaned and came, I looked up to see Kyle watching me and rubbing my face and arm gently, enjoying watching me feel such pleasure. I couldn't help but giggle inside as I sang to myself "Anything you can do, I can do better....I can do anything better than you...." It was very obvious to the three of us in that room, that Sam knew exactly how to please me.
