 [Note from Author: Although this story is about Aimee, she does not appear in this chapter. This chapter involves her professor, Adam Grey, his wife, Leslie, and his secretary, Victoria, and sets the theme for future chapters involving these three. This chapter is a major departure from the Incest theme, and may be a disappointment for those who are reading this story for that theme. Take heart, however, because this chapter is short and Aimee will definitely reappear soon. --Vysis] 

* 

The alarm clock startled Adam. The disk jockey was going on about some charity benefit run planned for later in the day. He rolled over and slapped the doze button just to shut the guy up. Leslie rolled over and said, "Do you want me to fix you some breakfast before you leave?"

"No. You just sleep. It's only 4:30."

"Okay. Good night." With that she rolled back over onto her side and fell fast asleep.

Adam had placed his golf clothes in the guest bedroom the evening before so that he wouldn't disturb Leslie any more than he had to. He took a quick shower to wake up, got dressed, made himself a couple of pieces of toast, and jumped in his Jeep for the one and a half hour ride to the golf course. In New Mexico it is hard to play golf in the heat of the day, so Adam and his buddies always got an early tee time on Sunday morning to avoid playing in the heat. This morning's tee time was at 7:30, which allowed him to enjoy the sunrise over the mountains and the desert.

About nine o'clock, Leslie rolled out of bed, took a shower, and was getting dressed when the doorbell rang. She walked down the hall pulling her shirt over her head.

"Vickie! Right on time. Come on in."

"Good morning. You look nice in your yellow shorts."

"Aren't you sweet? I was hoping that after brunch we could take a walk in the desert before it gets too hot. Beaux loves to chase jackrabbits, but if it gets too hot, they're not out and he overheats looking for them. He's too dumb not to chase them!"

Leslie sliced a melon, placed two halves on separate plates, and removed a large bowl of fruit salad from the refrigerator that she had made the night before. "Vickie, please take these out to the patio. I thought we'd eat outside."

Leslie also grabbed two champagne flutes and a bottle from the refrigerator, and went out to the patio to join Victoria.

"So, we never got to finish our conversation on Friday," said Victoria. "You know, the more I thought about it yesterday the more I realized you were right. My ex-husband admitted to me that although his sex life is great with Bernadette, that's his trophy bimbo...uh wife, he has very little in common with her. But, you know, he would not have had to leave me for her if I had been willing to let him have some fun on the side. I bet that Bernadette does things to him in bed that every man dreams of; it was worth it for him to leave me. I guess my best revenge is that he seems to be as miserable as me...except he has a sex life and I haven't been with a man since the divorce."

"Ah, baby, you have to get on with your life! Why don't you go find yourself a young stud?"

"Oh, you're preaching to the choir. I'd love to find myself a boy toy. The problem is that I can't seem to meet any nice guys. You know I'm 31, which is not old, but the college guys aren't really interested in me when they have several thousand twenty-somethings running around. The guys that I meet in the bars all have something wrong with them; that's why they're not married. And, don't even get me started on the blind dates that my mom has set up for me! Believe me, Leslie, you are so lucky to have Dr. Grey."

"Why don't you ever call him, Adam?"

"I don't know. The day after I started working for him he asked me to call him 'Adam,' but I guess I thought it was just too familiar. I mean, he is...well, really good looking, and I just didn't want to get too close to my boss. Now that I know him, I realize that it wouldn't matter. But, I've just gotten used to calling him, 'Dr. Grey'." 

"Champagne?" Leslie offered the bottle to Victoria.

"Of course! Maybe if I get drunk I'll forget that I don't have a man."

"Maybe if you get drunk, you won't have to forget that you don't have a man."

Victoria stared at Leslie for several seconds trying to understand what she meant and then, once she had formulated several possibilities, she then tried to decide if she was excited or disgusted. She decided that she liked all the options and dove into the fruit salad. "I'm starving!"

After their brunch, the girls took a long walk through the desert that lay just outside the borders of the Grey's subdivision. Beaux chased three or four jackrabbits, but of course failed to catch any; however, he brought home a small scrub brush as an alternative trophy. After about an hour, they got back to the house. Beaux ran for the water bowl in the kitchen, slopped water all over his face and the floor, and then laid out flat on the ceramic tiles on the patio trying to absorb as much of their coolness as possible. "That looks like a good idea," said Vickie as she fanned herself with her hand.

"Why don't we go for a swim to cool off?"

"Well for starters, I didn't bring a suit with me."

"Not to fear, I've got several suits to choose from."

"Leslie," Victoria exclaimed putting her hands on her hips to emphasize, "my hips haven't been as narrow as yours since I was 20!"

"First, Vickie, your hips are not much wider than mine." She walked behind Victoria and grabbed her hips. "Second," she moved her hands off of Victoria's hips and grabbed two handfuls of butt, "your ass is firm and tight like a 20 year old!"

"Oooh!" she exclaimed surprised by Leslie's move. "I got my Christmas goose early this year!"

"But, look, if you don't think you can fit into any of my suits, that's not a problem either. We'll just go without."

"What?"

"Why not? I do it all the time. No one can see over our privacy fence, we're the last house on the street so we don't have any neighbors beside us or behind us, and Adam is playing golf. He won't be home for hours."

"Really?"

Instead of an answer, Leslie simply stripped off her shirt, dropped her shorts to the floor, reached around to unfasten her bra, and then pulled her panties down to the floor. Without saying a word, she walked through the patio door towards the pool clad only in her tennis shoes and socks. Vickie had to admit that she was stunning: tall, fit, and olive brown, with her firm butt swishing back and forth. No tan lines at all. I guess she really does swim naked all the time. Can I really do this? Why not? What am I afraid of? With that, Vickie followed suit, stripping to only her tennis shoes and following Leslie to the pool. By the time she had gotten there, Leslie had already kicked off her shoes and socks and was treading water in the deep end of the turquoise water.

"What are you talking about girl? Hippy! There is not an ounce of fat on you!" Leslie exclaimed admiring Victoria's body.

"Yeah, well, you haven't seen all of me yet!" Victoria turned her back to Leslie, bent over from the waist, and untied her shoes. "The caboose is not as small as it used to be."

"You've got to be kidding me! Your butt is perfect. Nice and round. It could use some sun though! I've never seen such a white butt in my life!"

Victoria smiled and dove in the water right next to Leslie. "Well, it's getting some sun today!" She took a deep breath, bent over so that her ass momentarily poked out of the water, and dove to the bottom of the pool. Leslie followed her down, and then they both shot to the surface for air.

"God, this feels good," Victoria said, looking over at Leslie.

"Come on, let's go to the shallow end and lounge for a little while."

After about 20 minutes in the pool, Victoria suggested that they get out to sun themselves for a few minutes. "Okay, but let me put some sunscreen on you before you fry. You really need to get out more!"

"Well, talk to your husband. He's the one that keeps me in my office all day."

"Trust me, he's going to know just how white your butt is!"

Victoria grabbed a beach towel from the pool locker and placed it in on a reclining patio lounge chair. She lay down on her stomach and closed her eyes. The sun felt good on her cool skin. Leslie went to the locker and chose the sunscreen with the maximum protection. She walked next to Victoria, squirted a liberal amount into her hands, and applied it to her back. When she was done, she squirted more sunscreen into her hands and then started working on her legs and feet. After what seemed like an hour to Victoria, Leslie finally applied sunscreen to her butt. Victoria noticed that Leslie was very careful to get all of her butt, including some parts that probably had never seen the sun. She was surprised by the jolt of electricity that shot to her head when Leslie brushed her hand across her butthole.

"Okay, that ought to do it. Now, roll over and I'll get your front."

Victoria did as ordered and Leslie started by applying sunscreen to Victoria's face. She then moved to her chest, spending plenty of time on Victoria's breasts. "This is the first time a woman has touched by boobs," Victoria thought, surprised at how soft Leslies hands were as compared to every other man that had pawed her breasts. Leslie moved on to Victoria's stomach, and then finished by doing her legs. Victoria was surprised at how disappointed she was when she realized that Leslie was finished and was not planning on seducing her. Victoria thought, "At first I was worried that she was going to try to seduce me, and now I'm sad that she didn't. Damn, I do need a man, and bad!"

Leslie lay down on the lounge chair next to her and closed her eyes, enjoying the late morning sun. 

Victoria heard Beaux jump up and run into the house, but didn't think anything about it. After a few seconds she heard the patio door slide open and far too late realized that Adam had stepped outside onto the patio.

"Oh shit! My boss is going to see me buck-naked!" Victoria thought to herself.

"Hi, honey, you're home early," Leslie said, getting up from the lounge chair to meet him halfway. She kissed him on the lips and whispered into his ear, "I need you to do me a huge favor and fuck Vickie really hard."

"What?" he whispered back to her, but Leslie had already turned and was walking back to her chair. She saw the fear in Victoria's eyes. "Honey, did you see that Vickie is her, too?"

"Uh, well, yes, as a matter of fact I had noticed. Hi, Vickie."

"Uh...hi." Victoria was getting more embarrassed by the second. She quickly started formulating a plan in her mind. "While I'm lying on my stomach he can only see my butt. If only I could get up and wrap this towel around me really quickly, he might only get a brief glimpse of my boobs and vagina."

Leslie sensed Victoria's thoughts. "Relax, honey, I'll make Adam join us." Leslie raised her voice so that Adam could hear her. "Sweetheart, why don't you rinse off in the pool."

Taking his clue, he began to disrobe right there next to the pool. "This is freaking weird getting naked in front of my secretary. What in the hell is going on?" Adam wondered.

As Adam walked toward the pool completely naked, Victoria admired his dick swaying back and forth. "Wow. He is even better looking than I imagined."

After several minutes in the pool, Adam climbed out next to the girls. "Honey, Vickie probably needs a second layer of sunscreen. I mean, look at how white her butt is!"

Leslie's prophetic words came back to Victoria now. "'Trust me, he's going to know just how white your butt is!' Well, I guess he does now!"

Adam reached down for the tube and started applying sunscreen to her back. She could feel the immense difference in Adam's strong, calloused hands as compared to Leslie's. Adam hurriedly finished with her back, and then her legs. When he got to her butt, he made sure to cover all of it, but he didn't stop there. He inserted his thumb into her butthole and then inserted two fingers into her wet pussy.

"Your pussy feels like you were waiting for that," said Adam.

"You have no idea," replied Leslie, not giving Victoria time to protest.

"Well, I guess I was kind of hoping he would do something like that." Victoria reached up and grabbed Adam's flaccid cock. She began to gently pull his dick, admiring it as it started to become erect. "I've got an idea of what you could do with this."

After a few moments of working her pussy with his fingers, he pulled her up onto her hands and knees. He positioned his face behind her butt and began to lick her pussy from behind. He could taste the sunscreen, but knew that when he got her juices flowing that taste would quickly be replaced by the acrid taste of her juice.

"Oh wow! I can't tell you how long it's been since someone licked my pussy like that."

After several minutes of licking her clit, he then moved his attention to her butthole, giving it a workout with his tongue and sliding a finger in and out of the hole. "No one has ever given me a rim job before. I can't believe how amazing this feels."

Adam was still confused and thought, "I can't believe I'm fucking my secretary, and that my wife insisted. What in the world is going on?"

"Please...please fuck me. Please fuck me hard. I need it so bad."

Adam got up on his knees and placed the head of his cock on the lips of her pussy. He knew by her pleading that it had been a long time and he really wanted her to enjoy this. He slowly pushed forward, allowing his dick to enter her. When he reached the bottom, he pulled out slowly, allowing his dick to come completely out of her pussy. He then repeated this about ten times.

"Oh god, you're teasing me. Please Dr. Grey, please fuck me hard."

"Don't you think that we've reached a new plane in our relationship, I mean with me having by cock inside you and all? Don't you think it is finally time you called me Adam?"

"Okay, Adam, fuck me hard."

Adam needed no more encouragement as he began to ram her hard from behind. Slap, slap, slap filled the air. After only a few seconds, Victoria moaned and came, shuddering violently. Adam slowed down to let her catch her breath.

"Hey guys, can I join in?" Leslie asked from the other chair.

Adam turned to look at his beautiful wife. She had her legs spread wide apart and had obviously been rubbing her cunt with her fingers.

"Come over here and lay down, Adam."

Adam walked to the other lounge chair and lay down where his wife had been. "Okay, Vickie, you impale yourself on his cock. I'm going to sit my pussy on his face."

Victoria walked over and straddled Adam's hips, picked his dick up, and lowered herself onto him, his dick easily sliding into her swollen pussy. As she started to rock up and down, Leslie lowered herself onto Adam's mouth. As he started to lick her pussy, Leslie leaned forward and kissed Victoria on the mouth, and then moved to her breasts, sucking on each nipple alternatively.

"I'm going to come again!" Victoria cried. "Oh, yeah, I'm coooooooming!" This was enough to send Leslie over the top, as she cried, "Meeeeee toooooooo."

When Leslie climbed off of Adam's face, Victoria could see that Leslie had really soaked him. Juice was running down both sides of his face, and then down the sides of his neck.

"Okay ladies, you've had your fun. Now it's my turn. Who wants the honors?"

Victoria looked at Leslie and said, "You've been more than generous with your husband's services. I'd like to watch you get fucked for a change."

Leslie walked over to the patio table, bent over from the waist, and spread her legs wide. "Come on stud, fuck me. Fuck me good."

Adam stood up and walked behind his wife. "Yes, ma'am."

Adam grabbed her hips and rammed his dick into his wife's wet, hot cunt. He began to pump furiously.

"Come on baby. That's right; fuck me. Fuck me hard. Fuck me like an animal."

Victoria walked up behind Adam and hugged him, pressing her tits into his back. She then lowered herself into a squat, reached up between his legs, and started gently fondling his balls with her fingernails. It was more than he could take. He erupted as his come filled Leslie's twat.

After Adam stopped breathing hard he inquired, "Now, does someone want to tell me what in the hell is going on here?"

The ladies started laughing.

"Oh no, not again."