 This is a continuation of chapter four. A shared threesome with Jane, Gail and myself.

--------------------------------------------------------------

Gail and I just enjoyed a shared climax together with me on top of her lying on the massage table. Jane helped us achieve orgasms with her well placed hands as she massaged our naked bodies. Gail's skin glows, set off by the warm waves of light created by the candles. Her eyes twinkle in post coital satisfaction. I ease up and away from Gail and gaze upon her naked form, an image I find highly erotic. Her breasts are flushed, nipples dark pink and erect; tale-tell signs of her satisfied state.

I swing my leg over to the side of the table and dismount. Jane and I reach out to Gail and ease her up off the table too. I pluck the 15 inch double-headed neon orange dildo from Jane. The ladies hold hands as they head to the shower. 

I collect a few candles along with the dildo and take it all to the master bedroom. I place the dildo on the nightstand and turn down the duvet on the king sized bed. I find Jane's bottle of lube in the nightstand and lay it next to the dildo. I place the candles around the room and relight each one, creating a warm, sensual vibe.

I walk into the bathroom and find Jane and Gail already immersed below the streaming water of two shower heads. Steam fills the bathroom creating a warm misty envelope that surrounds all three of us.

The ladies stand face to face with soapy washcloths in hand. I enter the shower and press up against Jane's back sandwiching her between her two lovers. I press my hips into Jane's round ass and wrap my arms around both bodies. Jane's full breasts press into Gail's orbs. Their stiff nipples hold tight together. Their bodies are slick with soapy bubbles as they share a deep, passionate kiss.

Gail and Jane wash each other with soft, sensual strokes. I grab another cloth, soap it up and proceed to run it across Jane's shoulders and down her spine. I move my hand lower towards her full round ass.

Gail and Jane move apart enough to wash each other's tits, hands move in a circular motion. Their soapy hands mimic one another as they lift and squeeze their breasts and pinch nipples. The firm flesh of each lady jiggles and shines with the cleaning. Their soft cloths move lower to their toned abdomens scrubbing away oil and sweat.

I drop to my knees and scrub Jane's slick ass with more soap. She spreads her legs to allow me to wash her inner thighs. I move the sudsy cloth up each thigh and apply more pressure as I reach the deep crease formed by her round ass cheeks. I run my fingers up and down and pay close attention to her tight anal opening. I massage her starfish ring, eliciting a small moan from Jane's lips.

Satisfied with my cleansing of Jane, I stand up and run my lips along her neck and shoulders kissing my way around her skin. A stream of water cascades over us. At the same time, Gail kneels before her friend and faces Jane's slick, smooth pussy. Water drips down Jane's body as she spreads her legs a little more.

Jane enjoys the pleasure of two people attentive to her needs. She was so patient while I fucked Gail on the massage table. I'm sure being so close to two writhing bodies stirred the juices of her inner soul. I reach around Jane and hold her breasts with my soapy hands. I lift each boob feeling the weighty mass and massage the underside of flesh. I use my fingers to tweak her hard nipples, rolling them around and around. 

Gail stares directly at Jane's puffy outer lips and the thin crease which hides her treasures. While I enjoy Jane's tits, Gail reaches around her lower body and grips her ass pulling her pussy oh so close to Gail's waiting mouth. Gail snakes her tongue and licks up the wet slit causing Jane to shudder within my grip.

Jane leans back into me and I support her weight, she twists her head and our lips meet. It's a gentle kiss which belies her growing arousal. Meanwhile, Gail shows some urgency with her focus on Jane's cunt. Warm water cascades over her and splashes against Jane's front. Rivulets of water drop down over Jane's heaving chest and form a river in the valley between her huge boobs. Droplets ease down the contoured slope of each breast and pass over each rose colored areole. Small drops form on her stiff nipples and drip to the shower floor.

Gail continues to lick up and down the slit where Jane's puffy outer lips come together. Gail applies a little more pressure and spreads the pink labia of her partner. She squeezes Jane's ass cheeks and presses her tongue deeper into a sweet pussy, lapping up the mixture of girl juice and water.

Jane's legs tremble as her climax builds. I hold her tight to keep her from collapsing. Gail's tongue goes into overdrive as she moves it quickly and forcefully within Jane's folds. Every time she moves her tongue up, she clips Jane's pronounced clit, driving her toward a rousing orgasm. Gail presses her face tight against Jane's cunt and pushes her tongue deep into her gash sending Jane over the edge. Jane collapses against me. I hold her up with my hands covering her tits. Gail holds her tight around her ass. It takes both of us to keep Jane from falling to the shower floor as her body shakes and trembles for several minutes. Her well-deserved climax surges through her body from head to toe.

Several minutes pass before Jane regains her footing and stands up unaided. Her satisfaction is apparent. Gail stands and the three us eregmbrace again bringing us full circle; Jane sandwiched between us. The ladies move close for a sweet kiss sharing Jane's cum. Their tits mash together, nipple on nipple. I press my semi-rigid cock against Jane's round ass as my hard-on returns.

The three of us stand together, temporarily satisfied. We shut off the water and reach for towels. We take our time drying each other, before heading to the master bedroom. Jane leads the way with her hand firmly wrapped around my cock. 

The glowing candle light in the room welcomes us to the king size bed where we will spend the night of continuous passion. The three of us fall upon the mattress, this time with Gail in the middle. We pull the sheets and duvet up over our clean bodies and rest. The clock on the wall shows it is just after 10:00 PM. There is plenty of time left for making love and sharing more orgasms this evening.

Chapter Two:

Only a short respite is needed to rejuvenate our spirits and libidos. With Gail in the middle, Jane and I move our hands over her warm skin, stroking her soft body. I turn on my side and glide my hand up and down Gail's frame. My hand runs the length of her body from her legs, up her thighs, over her tummy and around her breasts. Jane traces the same pattern from her side. Together we caress Gail's smooth body warming her up for more intense foreplay. I pass my hand over her breast; my fingers linger around her pink nipple and press down with a circular motion. Her nub hardens each time I stroke back and forth.

I move my hand down over her taught stomach to the sweet spot between her thighs, only to find Jane's hand already there. I place my hand on top of Jane's and feel her digits running up and down Gail's tight slit. I press down on Jane's hand as Jane dips a finger into Gail's pussy. Gail spreads her legs and encourages our joint effort to stimulate her. Jane takes the cue and dips two more fingers into Gail's wet gash. I feel Jane's hand move up and down in a slow thrust separating Gail's labia.

I let Jane continue her masturbating technique and move my hand back up to Gail's tits. I rub all around her beautiful mounds and lightly tweak her erect nipples. I pinch and roll her tiny pink bullets with my thumb and index finger. Gail's breathing intensifies as we continue our manual exploration.

I whisper, "I want to watch you ladies make love."

They smile at each other with my suggestion. Jane withdraws her fingers from Gail's inner flesh. They are coated with girl juice. Jane offers her fingers to Gail who sucks all three digits into her mouth. Gail savors her own taste as I grab the double-headed dildo and bottle of lube.

We throw back the duvet to give us plenty of room to maneuver. Jane and Gail sit up and rearrange themselves so they face one another with their legs intertwined. They reach around and draw together for a tight hug. Their breasts press together; hard nipples poking into soft skin. They press their lips together for a deep open mouth kiss. Their tongues search and probe. The sight of their tits smashed together is so erotic and keeps my cock hard.

This moment, however, is all about them and I suppress my urge to jump their bones. Instead I lube up both sides of the orange dildo and slide it between their open legs. As they continue to kiss, I reach over to Jane's pussy and run the tip of the dong up and down her slit. I use my fingers to spread her outer lips and press the fake cock between her folds. I push until three or four inches are seated nicely inside. Then I pull it ever so slowly twisting my hand as I withdraw the silicon prick. The dildo is slick with lube and Jane's cream. I slide it in again. This time it slides in with no resistance, until a full six inches resides within her inner core. Jane responds by spreading her legs more and sucking hard on Gail's tongue.

I change course and work the opposite end into Gail's open cunt. Her ample wetness sucks the head right between her parted thighs. With my fist squarely in the center, I work a good six inches deep into Gail. As the phallus enters Gail, the opposite end exits Jane. With the sex tool implanted in both ladies, my task is to heighten their pleasure. I keep a firm grip on the dildo as I move it back and forth between my lovers. The seesaw action stimulates both ladies as they lick and kiss each other.

Their hands roam all over each other, rubbing and massaging breasts, nipples and clits. I am mesmerized watching their pussies give and take several inches of silicone. Inner labia grip the girth of the double-headed dildo as I move it between their bodies. I increase the speed and then slow down as I attempt to draw out yet another climax from each girl. I use my free hand to assist rubbing all over their skin and occasionally I stroke my hard seven inch shaft.

The three of us are in perpetual motion as a light sheen of sweat builds up on our skin. I increase the speed of my thrusts with the 15 inch dildo. Jane and Gail are now determined to climax right away. I watch their fingers move to each other's magic pearl and run tiny circles around their hardened nubs. Each lady trying desperately to coax one more orgasm from one another. Both rise to the occasion as they stare into each other's eyes and finger their clits. It's pure passion at this point. I remove my hand from the dildo and they press their cunts tight together, grinding pubic bone against pubic bone.

I sit back and admire the scene before me. It's one of my favorite porn movies acted out in real life. I was determined to only watch and let the ladies enjoy a mutual climax, but I am now too overcome with lust. My cock is throbbing and leaking pre-cum. I get up on my knees and grab my shaft. I start pumping with long strokes. My cock points directly at the hot sex of two bi-sexual lovers. All three of us are nearing the edge.

Jane starts to moan incoherent words as her body shakes and quivers. Her orgasm has taken over her senses.

"Uugghh. I'm cum..., oh gawd, can't stop, don't stop, mmm, yes, yes, yes."

Gail presses her body into Jane and holds her tight; her own climax about to swallow her up. Their pussies clenched together and filled with 15 inches of hard silicone.

Gail urges her on, "Yes baby, let it go. Cum for me, cum for your lover. I'm with you. I'm cumming too. I'm so wet. Aarrrrggg."

They mash their tits together as they squeeze each other's body. Their lips press together while their tongues parry back and forth. Each lady shaking and squirming though a shared orgasm. It's all too much for me. I stroke my cock violently with a tight grip. My glans swells and my balls tighten as I unleash several spurts of jizz. Each long rope of cum landing on the top swell of their round globes. Semen drips down their tits. I continue to stroke my seven inches with one hand as my other hand reaches out and spreads my juice over their full breasts. I rub my cream into their skin like an expensive moisturizer.

The three of us slow down as our shared climax ebbs. Jane and Gail loosen their tight clench. Gail drops down and licks some of my cum from Jane's right boob. She slathers her tongue around and around and then sucks the erect nipple between her lips. Jane holds Gail tight to her breast and looks over to me. She mouths the words 'Thank you'. No, it should be me thanking them for such an erotic moment.

Jane eases back on the bed. The dildo slips from within her folds and is coated with her cream. The double-headed dong remains planted within Gail and projects out as a nine inch orange cock from her golden pubes. I try to imagine what it would be like to sport nine inches of hard man meat. I would be a lucky fella.

There is now room for me to lean in and help Gail clean Jane's tits. Gail switches to Jane's left breast and licks up more of my cum before settling in and sucking Jane's grape-sized nipple. This leaves Jane's right boob open for me to finish cleaning. I lick and kiss her skin and enjoy the scent of my cum. I lap around her rosy red areole and suck on her erect nipple. Satisfied that Jane is clean, I switch my attention to Gail and her C-cups. While she continues to lick Jane, I snake my tongue out and lick up some of my sticky goo from her pink nipple. I lick all around her breast and use the flat surface of my tongue to lap up and down her soft areole.

As a final act, I reach down and grab the dildo. I slowly pull the sex toy out of Gail's cunt. Her inner labia flare out. Her pink flesh is reluctant to give up the super dong. With a quick tug, it pops out of her gash. Gail's swollen lips close as her hips come together. I hold up the 15 inch monster and breathe in the intoxicating scents of Jane and Gail. I lick the length of the dildo and taste the pussy juice left over from their joint climax. There is a subtle difference in taste as I glide my tongue from one end to the other. However, both sides provide the sweet nectar I crave.

The hour is late and the three of us are ready for a well-deserved rest. I move off the bed and place the dildo on the nightstand. One by one, I blow out all of the candles in the room and return to my place on the bed with my two lovers. Exhausted for the moment, we fall back onto the bed with me in the middle. I grab the duvet and cover our naked bodies. Gail on my left grabs my shaft and holds on. Jane on my right grabs my balls and squeezes. I'm not going anywhere right now. I can't believe it is only Friday night. How am I going to make it through the weekend? As I contemplate this dilemma we all three drift off to sleep.