 Two years ago I was going out with this girl who was really into sex. I mean, really...

On one occasion, her parents had gone on holiday, and weren't due back for a couple of weeks. She was still living with them at the time, and, while they were away, I'd sort of moved in to keep her company. One weekend, she decided that we didn't socialise enough, and invited one of friends and one of her friends around for the evening.

Videos and quite a lot of wine were the order of the day, and, by midnight, it was quite clear that no-one was in a fit state to be trying to go home, so Carol and I decided that Sam and Marie had better stay the night.

Carol's sister was away at college, so Carol asked me to show Marie to her room, while she found somewhere comfy for Sam to sleep.

Marie was more than a little tipsy at this point, as well as being eighteen, blonde and willowy, and, after I showed her to her room, was stripping her clothes of before I'd even managed to get out of the room. "Oops" she giggled, as she realized that she'd just flashed me.

"Goodnight, Marie!" I told her, pretending to avert my eyes (while actually doing no such thing) as I backed out of the door and wandered upstairs to the room that I shared with Carol.

It turned out that this night I shared it with Sam as well. He was tucked up in our bed, while Carol bent over him, kissing him passionately.

Carol and I had discussed threesomes on several occasions, and she'd admitted to me that she'd had them before with previous partners, but I hadn't been expecting it that night.

Still...

Quietly, I crept up behind her, and pulled the thin straps of her dress down over her shoulders. Obviously, she had to help, shifting her arms through the loops of the spaghetti-thin straps, but Sam was so caught up in the kiss that he didn't notice.

Under the dress, she was braless. I cupped my hands around her small, sensitive breasts from behind, and caught her nipples between my fingers. She shivered in delight. As she continued to kiss Sam, I bent over her and kissed the back of her neck, and then gently bit her at the junction of neck and shoulder.

At her happy cry, Sam's eyes flew open as her realised just what was happening, but I touched a finger to my lips to indicate that he should remain quiet, and turned my attention to sliding Carol's dress and knickers over her hips and down to the floor.

Naked now, Carol drew back the bedcovers, and straddled Sam, still kissing him. She ground herself against the base of his cock, now hard against his stomach.

As she kissed her way down his chest, nibbling his nipples on the way, I lit the candles that littered the attic room, removed my own clothes, and sat at the foot of the bed.

By now, Carol's lips had reached Sam's cock. She took each of his balls in her mouth in turn and sucked on the gently, before taking the head of it between her lips, carefully guarding it from the razor-sharp teeth that I knew and loved.

Carol looked up at Sam and she sucked on him, working his balls and the base of his cock with her hand, her other hand buried between her own legs, holding his gaze so that he couldn't look away.

I moved up close behind her, and kissed the base of her spine, a private and long standing question between us. She wiggled her hips in agreement.

I draped my body over hers, holding myself above her with my arms, and buried my face in the dark hair that spilled down her back. My cock found the gateway to her body, and, as I slid into her, she stroked the tips of her nails over it in welcome.

Now the three of use were joined, my cock in her pussy, her mouth around his cock. Firmly, but slowly so as not to disturb Sam's fellatio, I pushed myself further into her. She ground herself back against me, forcing me deep into her womb. I drew back, and thrust myself into her again. Both she and Sam groaned in unison, but this was not yet what she wanted, and I knew it.

Now, she traced her way back up Sam's body, ignoring his groan of protest and his cock left her mouth with a quiet "pop" noise. As she moved forward, I moved with her, so that I never left her body. Only when she was once more kissing Sam, and grinding the junction of our bodies against his hardness, did I slide myself backwards, leaving her sweet warmth.

Carol arched her back, bringing the mouth of her pussy forward far enough the swallow Sam's cock. This time, I reached between our bodies, and stroked the underside of his balls, eliciting a startled, but excited, gasp from him. But he was not who I wanted.

I rose onto my knees, and, taking my cock in hand, pressed it's head against the part of Carole that had not been penetrated by a cock that night. Normally, it would slide it with a minimum of fuss, while still gripping my cock like a vice, but tonight Carol was already full of cock, and she grunted and squirmed as I worked myself, little by little, into her bum.

Sam was trembling, almost frenzied now, gripping Carols buttocks, and occasionally running his fingers over my abdomen as it slowly, slowly, drew closer to resting against Carol's buttocks.

"Baby, oh baby," Carol whispered as I buggered her. She had her face buried in the pillow by Sam's head now, and I held his eyes with mine as, for the first time, we shared a woman.

Carol's murmurs became incoherent as my balls came to rest against Sam's and I had to guide her by gently pushing in her buttocks, so that she could ride the cocks that so firmly impaled her.

Her murmurs became groans, her groans cries as she lifted herself back onto her haunches, allowing Sam and I free reign over her breasts, stomach, neck...

Lost in her delirium, finally she took to slamming herself down against us, so forcefully that I was afraid she would injure herself. "So full, so full" she cried.

We held her then, two men holding a single woman immobile so that we could take our pleasure of her. Tears ran down her face and fell dripping onto her breasts, but she begged us not to stop, begged us until we spilled ourselves deep inside her, and she collapsed onto Sam's chest.

Gently, I disentangled the three of us. Wearily, Carol rolled over and snuggled against me.

"I love you..." she whispered. After a moment she frowned. "But now you need a shower. Go shower..." She shooed me out of the bed, and, dazed and dripping with sweat and fluids, still naked, I started to wander down the flight of attic stairs to the shower.

Halfway down the stairs, though, lurking in the dark, pale and naked but for a pair of navy silken panties, squatted Marie, her hand buried in her crotch.

"That was hot," she whispered. "Want a hand showering?"