 The fear and excitement in Jean grew with each passing day, as Friday drew near. Hank was planning something for her she'd never experienced before. The thought of being taken by four men both scared her, and excited her beyond anything she could describe to someone if she'd had to. Hank had awakened her "inner slut", as he liked to call it, and there were days she was afraid it would consume her. The sexual hunger within her was almost insatiable. The more Hank fed it, the greater her cravings became for more intense sexual experiences and sensations. The thought that scared her the most as Friday approached was 'what if this became something I crave on a regular basis after this?' The evenings festivities weren't what scared her the most. It was her reaction to them afterwards that terrified her. 

Jean almost jumped out of her skin when the intercom buzzed in the hallway at 6:15. Hank walked over to it and hit the talk button. "Yes?" 

"Hey Hank it's just us!" Tony responded with his usual upbeat tone. "You ready to lose some money buddy?" 

Hank buzzed them in as he chuckled. "Come on in guys. You know where I'm at." Then he walked into the living room where Jean sat. Her eyes had that wild look as she anticipated what was about to take place. "You ok?" Hank asked with a half smile. He knew she was nervous. But he also knew she couldn't wait for what was about to happen. 

As she sat there with her hands folded in her lap she looked the proper housewife, conservatively dressed with a skirt that went past her knees and a blouse baggy enough to hide her enormous breasts, hair perfectly brushed, make-up sparingly applied. "I'll tell you when to go change." Hank informed her. "Understand?" Jean shook her head acknowledging his command. 

They heard the guys coming down the hallway long before they heard the knock at the door. Hank opened it grinning from ear to ear. It had been a couple months since the friends had seen each other. "Hank!" Tony yelled with his held out. The two friends embraced and slapped each other on the back. Tony walked past Hank into the condo allowing Jerry and Leon to greet Hank in turn. The four men walked into the living room laughing and joking till they saw Jean for the first time. 

"Guys! This is Jean! She's a very good friend of mine," he paused and looked straight at her, "and my bitch!" The guys joking and laughing fell silent as Hank just smiled at Jean. After what seemed like several minutes, when it had only been several seconds, Jerry spoke up. "What do you mean 'she's your bitch?'" 

Hank looked at him with that look he used to give them when he commanded them in the Army. That look that said, 'you really can't be that stupid, can you?' "I mean just what I said. She's my bitch, and will do anything I ask of her." 

Tony walked over to her and held out his hand. "Jean, you're a beautiful lady! Let me take you away from this asshole," he said jokingly. He then kissed her hand as he squeezed it gently. 

Jean giggled at Tony's flirting. Hank had said he would do just what he was doing. Hank knew his friends. "Hank warned me about you!" 

"He did, did he? What exactly did he tell you about me?" Tony asked with a smile. 

"Well, he said you're a real ladies man and charmer, and you like big tits." Jean said without blushing. The freedom she had discovered being with Hank was something she was still reveling in. Six months ago she would have never spoken so frankly about sexual things. Now she's flirting with a guy who's about to take her, even though he didn't know it yet. 

Tony threw his head back in laughter. "He's got me there Jean! Guilty on both counts! I do like my ladies with big racks! And you certainly have a nice pair!" 

"Well thank you kind sir! 

Jerry and Leon stood in the entryway to the lIving room listening to the dialogue between Tony and Jean. Occasionally they'd look over at Hank to see his reaction to what was being said. Hank just smiled as the tension in the room mounted. 

"I'm hungry!" Hank wanted to keep the evening moving along. "I see you guys brought the drinks." Leon was carrying a thirty pack of beer. Just enough for the evenings poker game. "Let's eat! The pizzas should be out of the oven in a few minutes." 

The guys went into the dining room and sat down around the dining room table while Jean went into the kitchen to get the pizzas for everyone. When she came back out carrying one of the pizzas, the guys noticed she had unbuttoned her blouse enough to see the valley between her tits as they strained against the fabric. Hank continued to grin as he watched the gaze of each guy focus on the those succulent jugs of Jeans. The talking around the table slowly died as each man became mesmerized with Jean's body and sensuality. "You've got a really fine looking woman there Hank!" Leon said in his deep booming voice. 

"That she is Leon! That she is! And she's a real tigress in bed!" Hank added. 

"And why are you telling us all this?!" Jerry asked angrily. He was getting frustrated, and he didn't like the way Hank and Jean were teasing them. 

"Relax Jerry! The evening is young." Hank said softly. 

"Relax!" Jerry almost screamed. "How the hell are we supposed to relax when you've got your lady strutting around here with her tits hanging out for our inspection?" 

Jean commenced with cutting the pizzas and passing out the pieces to the hungry men. She couldn't bring herself to make eye contact with anyone. The buzz going through her body because of all the attention she was getting almost had her to the point of shaking. Tony's arm brushed against hers as she passed out the pizza slices. It felt like an electric shock running through her body. She was on display before four hungry men, and she knew this was just the beginning. After she finished passing out the pizza slices she went into the kitchen to get another round of beers for everyone. As she was reaching in the refrigerator for the cans Hank walked in the kitchen and up to her. 

He wrapped his arms around her and cupped her breasts, squeezing them as he spoke. "I'll take care of their thirst. Go change like we talked about and wait in the bedroom till I call for you." Jean turned in his arms to face him. "Nervous?" Hank asked. 

"Maybe a little. More excited though. And you're right, Tony is a real charmer." She added with a giggle. 

Hank's eyebrow raised and he gave her his stern look. "Just remember bitch who you belong to. Cross that line with me and I'll turn your ass ten shades of red." 

Jean giggled again. "Promise?" As she walked away she wiggled her ass at Hank teasingly. 

Hank walked back into the dining room with another round of beers in his arms. "Alright gentlemen, let's play some cards." The guys cleared the table of all the pizza as Hank retrieved the cards and shuffled them. The guys started pulling out their money when Hank stopped them. "Put your money away guys. Tonight the stakes are going to be much higher." 

They guys looked at each other with a little concern on their faces. "Man, I'm not staking my car for a poker game Hank!" Jerry voiced his concern. 

Hank laughed as he passed out the cards for the first hand. "Relax guys. We're here to have some fun. Besides, I don't want that piece of junk. The nights game is very simple. We play three hands of poker. The winner of the first hand sits out the second and third hand. The winner of the second hand sits out the third hand. Then the last two standing play for third and fourth spots." 

"So what are we playing for?" Leon asked quizzically. 

"You'll find out shortly. Just play like this is the most important game you've ever played." Hank replied with a serious look on his face. The first hand was won by Jerry. 

As the guys played poker Jean changed into the outfit that Hank had laid out for her. Her heart raced as she anticipated what was about to happen. Her mind jumping back and forth between excitement and fear at the thought of being taken by four men. And then there was the question of how long would this last. She began to shake as she envisioned what was about to happen to her. 

The second hand was won by Tony. Hank won the third hand, which made Leon the fourth place finisher. 

"OK! So now what?" Tony asked. It was evident the guys were getting a little irritated at Hank, not knowing what he was planning. Hank knew it, but took it in stride. He knew his guys. He knew once they knew what was coming their irritation would turn to complete cooperation instantly. 

"Jean!" Hank yelled. "Get your ass in here!" 

Jean walked out of the bedroom and into the dining room. As soon as the guys saw her their mouths dropped open. She had changed into a black lace low cut bra, that barely held up her huge tits, and a pair of black silk stockings held up by a black lace garter belt. She was wearing no panties. She walked out on 4" spiked heels, her legs wobbling slightly, not from the heels but from the adrenaline pumping through her body. Jean walked around the table as each man stared at her, drinking in her beauty and sensuality, and stood next to Hank as he sat there. Hank wrapped his one arm around her waist and pulled her tightly to his body. He reached up with his other hand and began stroking her glistening pussy. Jean moaned softly as Hank's finger caressed her swelling clit while three lust-filled men watched in eager anticipation for what might be coming next. "Gentlemen, Jean is not just my friend. She's my lover and slut. She told me not too long ago that she fantasized about being taken by a group of guys, and servicing them. You gentlemen are going to be the lucky recipients of fulfilling her fantasy." 

"Well let's get this party started!" Jerry yelled as he slapped his hands together then the table. 

"Not so fast!" Hank said sternly. "Tonight's not just about our enjoyment, but Jean's as well. The reason we played a few hands of cards was to determine the order of things. Before any of you get to fuck her, each man has to prove he can pleasure a woman. Tony, grab that blanket over the back of the couch and lay it on the table." Tony retrieved the blanket and spread it out on the table. Hank looked up at Jean who was still standing next to him. "Up on the table babe. On your back." Jean sat up on the table and laid back with her legs hanging over the edge. Hank spun her around on the blanket till her cunt was facing Jerry. "You're up first Jerry. You two hold her arms while Jerry eats her. Each man has to get her off twice." 

Leon and Tony grabbed her wrists and pulled them back till her body was stretched to the max. Jerry grabbed her legs by the ankles and lifted them up and out, exposing her pink snatch. Jean's pussy was already soaked from the juices her body was gushing. Jerry draped her legs over his shoulders before he started playing with her pussy. Jean's body arched up and off the table as his touch felt like an electric shock coursing through her body. She moaned with need. Jerry's fingers explored tender flesh, sliding in and out of every moist crevice. Jean's moans slowly became sobs of need as her body was pushed by a man she'd never met till this evening. Jerry finally slipped two fingers into her cunt as he lowered his head and sucked in her throbbing clit. 

Jean's body erupted in its first orgasm of the evening. She screamed as her back arched up off the table, and her legs wrapped around Jerry's head in a vise grip. She tried to pull her hands free from her captors, but was unable as Tony and Leon held on tightly. They both smiled as they watched her body's reaction to the pleasure it was receiving. Jerry lapped up her juices as he continued to suck and nibble on her clit. Jean shook uncontrollably as Jerry worked her pussy like a man who knew how to pleasure a woman. Her pleasure was only intensified by the fact she was pinned to the dining room table, unable to move. She was now at the mercy of four men who were going to pleasure her and use her for their pleasure. 

Jerry continued to work her pussy with his mouth, reaching around her thighs with his hands and squeezing her tits. He began pinching and rolling her nipples between his fingers. Within minutes Jean was bucking and screaming through her second orgasm as Tony and Leon held her pinned to the table Jean's body continued to spasm and shake even after her orgasm subsided. "You've got yourself one beautiful bitch here Hank." Leon said smiling up at him. 

"I know! I wanted to see how she responded to being taken by four of us. So far I'm not disappointed." 

Jean opened her eyes at Hank's words and looked up at him with the longing of a woman needing to be held by the man who owned her. She knew she wanted this. She wanted to know what it was like to be taken by a group of hungry men. Men who would use her like a fuck doll and leave her aching for more. But she also needed to know that she was pleasing the man who owned her mind, soul and body. She needed to feel his arms wrapped around her and be told she still belonged to him. 

Hank saw the look in her eyes and knew exactly what she was thinking. He reached across the table and caressed her face. "Later babe. For now, just enjoy the ride." 

Jerry lifted his head smiling, his cheeks and chin soaked from her juices. "Who's next?" 

"I am man!" Tony spoke up without hesitation. "Slide the pussy around here and let me show you how it's done." Tony's bravado gave the guys a good laugh. 

They spun Jean around the table on the blanket till Tony's head was positioned between her legs. Her legs were getting tired from being held in the air after only one eating and she still had three to go. Hank once again sensed her struggle. "Jerry, grab an arm and leg." Hank got one side her body and grabbed her arm by the wrist and her leg by the ankle. Jerry got on the other side and did the same. They both pulled her legs back till they were almost parallel with the table, exposing her cunt and ass to Tony for whatever he had in store for her. Jean had never felt so vulnerable and helpless, yet so turned on, as she did at that moment. 

"Now that's what I'm talking about!" Tony said. "A nice pink juicy pussy just waiting to be eaten. Mama I'm gonna eat you so good!" 

"Oh would you shut the fuck up and just do it!" Leon bellowed. "I swear. You're going to talk the poor woman to death before you bring her off!" 

Tony dropped his head and began licking from her ass to her cunt and back again. Licking, sucking, nibbling, biting. Jean's body was sent into overdrive as one erotic sensation after another took control of her. She was quickly discovering that each man had his own technique for eating a woman's pussy and pleasuring her. Her world began to spin as the sensations took over. 

Leon stood watching for a few minutes before deciding he'd had enough of being a spectator. He leaned over her from between Jerry and Hank and grabbed both her tits with his massive hands. Jean's tits were huge, but they were no match for his massive paws. He squeezed them and pushed them together as he pinched and played with her hard nipples. Jean moaned, almost a whimper, as the two sensations radiating from her pussy and tits collided. "Nothing like tit meat to suck on!" Leon grumbled as he leaned over her head and began sucking and licking on her tits. 

Jean screamed as she began to orgasm again. For the next hour she was spun around the table as each man took his turn eating her pussy and tits. She lost all track of time. She couldn't tell if she had eight orgasms or it was just one long one that lasted for who knows how long. Her moans and screams slowly morphed into whimpers, then sobs, as her emotions tried to adapt to the way her body was being driven. By the time Leon had finished with his round of eating her pussy Jean had been reduced to begging them to stop. She could no longer take the intensity of the pleasure she was being forced to experience. 

She could smell the saliva that covered her tits as Hank pulled her to a sitting position on the table. She looked up at him, her vision blurred, and her cheeks covered in mascara from the tears streaming from her eyes. Hank smiled at her. "You've never looked more beautiful!" He paused as he stroked her face. "Now go wash up! It's our turn!" he said with a sinister grin. Jean slowly got off the table on wobbly legs. Hank and Tony helped her take her first few steps towards the bathroom. "When your finished washing up we'll be waiting for you in the bedroom. Leave the heels on! Every slut should be fucked with her heels on." Jean made her way slowly to the bathroom on shaking legs. 

"Gentlemen, let's take this party into the bedroom. Jerry, you won the first hand, you get first choice as to how you want to take her." Hank informed him as they made their way to the bedroom. 

"You already know the answer to that one Hank. You know I'm an ass-man. I want that sweet ass of hers!" Jerry responded. 

Hank laughed. "I was just telling Jean that this past week. Yeah, I do know you old buddy. You won the second hand Tony. What do you want?" 

"Man, I'll take that pussy." 

Hank looked at Leon. "Looks like you and I get her mouth for the first round." 

When Jean walked into the bedroom all four men were waiting for her. She stood staring for a few seconds as the four men stared back. She looked for the first time at the four cocks she would be servicing for what she figured was the rest of the night. Tony was laying on the bed, his erection in hand. "Come here mama. It's time for you to take a ride." Jean crawled up on the bed and straddled his cock. She then lowered herself onto his pole. Both groaned as the walls of her pussy encased his male meat. "Oh shit! You feel good mama!" Tony then pulled her down and began sucking on her tits as they hung in his face. 

Jerry saddled up between her legs from behind. Hank handed him a bottle of lubricating oil. "What's this for?" Jerry asked. 

"For her you dumb ass! It's going to be a long evening. I don't want her in pain before we even get started." 

"Oh, ok! Makes sense!" Jerry replied. 

Hank just shook his head as Jerry lubed up his cock. These were his best friends. But there were times when they were clueless about some things. Leon chuckled as Hank's annoyance with Jerry wasn't lost on him. 

Jerry positioned his cock at the entrance to her ass and rubbed it around a little, sending shivers up Jean's spine. He leaned forward and grabbed a handful of her hair. "You ready bitch? Nothing I enjoy more than a nice tight ass." He pulled her head back as he shoved his cock into her in one hard push. He wasn't gentle and he wasn't slow. He was taking her ass. 

Jean grunted and then screamed as her body was instantly filled with two cocks simultaneously. "AAAAAHHHHH FUCK!!" Hank had tried to prepare her for this moment. And he had to a certain extent. But now that she was being stuffed with two cocks at the same time, it felt as though her ass was being ripped open. Her ass was on fire as it stretched to accommodate Jerry's cock. 

Jerry chuckled. "I thought that was the idea bitch!" He held his cock inside her, balls deep, for a couple minutes allowing her to adjust. He then began a steady fucking of her ass. Jean grunted and gasped as both Tony and Jerry filled her with their cock meat. Within just a few strokes Jerry and Tony settled into a rhythm as they fucked her ass and cunt. Jerry held onto her hips as he pistoned his cock in and out of her, while Tony worked on her tits with his hands and mouth. Jean was once again being pushed towards her sexual nirvana. 

Jean's grunts and gasps slowly transformed into moans as she began to meet their thrusts and push back. The pain in her ass was gone, replaced by a deepening pleasure at the thought of being used by these men as their fuck doll. She had fantasized about this so many times she'd lost count. Now it was happening. "Damn Hank! This bitch of yours has one tight ass! You boys can thank ole Jerr later for getting her all ready for you." 
