 (This is Part Two of The Awakening, and I want to thank all who have read, voted, and sent me feedback on my writing. Like so many have said before, voting and feedback are the ways writers have of knowing that their stories have an impactÿso enjoy the story, and vote if you like it.)

* * * * * 

Faith leaned against Lisa trying to look totally relaxed and gazed unabashedly as Tim walked over to the pool, completely naked as were both of them The feel of Lisa's hand on her breast, still heaving with the passion that this woman aroused within her. This had been the first time she had ever made love to a woman, and the feelings still amazed her as the two of them devoured the sight of Tim walking towards them. The heat of the dying sun made the sweat gleam on his taunt muscles as he moved. Faith felt Lisa's breath in her ear and heard her whisper, telling her that Tim had been spying on them the whole time. The very idea sent shivers of excitement running through her as she realized that Tim had been watching the two of them making love. Today was sure a day of firsts for Faith, discovering that she had enjoyed the way that Lisa had made love to her, and then to discover that she found the idea of being watched highly erotic as well. From the way Tim was smiling, he too had found it exciting as well.

As he came up to the pool, both women could see his rock hard cock jutting out, as if begging for attention. Faith stood in the shallow water and holding Lisa's hand walked over to the edge of the pool. As if they both shared the same brain, wordlessly they held out their free hands and pulled the naked man towards them both. The look on Tim's face was like that of a kid in a candy store, his eyes moving over both of their nude bodies. Although he shared their bed, he never before had been invited to share her desires to be with other women. She did tell him in detail about her encounters, which excited him to no end. When Lisa had told him about her plans for Faith, he could hardly contain his excitement. He had hidden in the shadows, watching his wife seduce their new neighbor. He had felt a stirring in his groin at the first sight of this beautiful woman, and Lisa had felt the same way, as he discovered once they were alone in there new home. Lisa had stripped as soon as the movers had gone, literally tearing her outfit off her body and almost raped him on the steps leading to their bedroom. He smiled at the two women, feeling no guilt at having watched his wife make love to Faith, only total excitement from the sight of Lisa and Faith, his wife still holding Faith's left breast in her hand. With a smile, Lisa invited him to join them in the pool, and holding out her hand, Faith smiled that same intriguing look on her face as she too nodded.

The two women giggled as they sandwiched Tim between them, each rubbing their bodies against him, as they used their hands to explore his body. Lisa whispered into his ear and smiling, he reached for Faith. Gathering her in his arms, pulling that body tight against him, Tim kissed her. She had never felt so much passion in a man's kiss before, and she almost forgot all about Lisa as she felt herself becoming aroused once again. Her nipples were as hard as she had ever felt them get, and between Tim's kiss and Lisa moving up close behind her, Faith knew that her legs would not hold her up much longer. Reluctantly, she broke the kiss, and taking both of their hands in hers, she pulled them both out of the pool, walking backwards up the shallow steps of the pool. Wordlessly, she led them into the house and up the stairs to her bedroom. Moving to a closet, she pulled out several thick towels and then taking one of them, started to pat the water off Lisa. Seeing what she was doing, Tim grabbed a towel as well and joined in, but using the towel on Faith. She smiled, both at the tender way he was drying her and at the soft moans coming from Lisa as the soft material slide over her body. This was so new to Faith, both her feeling as Lisa made love to her, and then to find herself being very naked with both of them. 

Faith thought about her ex-husband, thought about how their love life had been so pitiful. Of course, she had been way to young at the time to know that at the time. She had been 19 years old and had fallen for a man that was 10 years older then her. He had been handsome and richYand bought her so many beautiful gifts. It was only after they were married that she discovered he had only been after one thing. She had been a virgin when they had married and once he had taken her, it was as if he was a very different man. Sure, in public, he treated her like a trophy wife, to make others drool over something that he possessed and they could not have. He had always made sure that she got her clothes from the finest of fashion houses that she had the best of everything, but thinking about their love life, she knew that he sucked as a lover. 

Until that night when she came home and discovered him in bed with a young boy, just a teenager at that. After his sentencing for five years of prison, Faith had divorced him, and with the help of a good lawyer, had gotten just about everything from the marriage. Wise investments had allowed Faith to live well in her newfound freedom. Well taking a shower, and preparing herself for the dinner she was fixing for Lisa and Tim that day, she had taken inventory of herself. Although she was now in her early thirty's, Faith had always been careful to take the best of care of herself. As she had stepped from the shower, she had looked at her own body reflected in the mirror. The image she saw was that of a young woman who looked like she was no older then twenty-five years old, and she giggled thinking of the endless times she had been asked for ID when she tried to buy herself a drink.

Then tonight happened, and her mind was brought back to the present as she felt two mouths on her at once, feeling both sucking on a nipple as hands caressed her body. She opened her eyes to see both Tim and Lisa on their knees, both of them ravishing her body. The feeling caught her by total surprise, and with the previous encounter with Lisa, only made her hornier then she could remember in all of her life. Faith placed a hand on both of their heads, pulling mouths tighter against her breasts, feeling so wanted and so loved. Tim and Lisa had their hands moving over her, soft gentle caresses that met and entwined between Faith's wide spread legs. The sensation of having two different sets of hands touching her was a new and wonderful feeling to Faith, like the hands of a old lover, even though she had just meant the two of them this morning.

Lisa moved up towards Faith's head, bending down and kissing her open mouth while keeping a hand on her right breast. She was so obsessed with the kiss that she grasped when she felt Tim start to lick on her very swollen clit. Faith, so turned on by Lisa that she had almost forgotten him, but from the way he was lavishing attention on her wet pussy, she knew that she wanted him inside of her. Breaking the kiss with Lisa, she smiled up at her new best friend and whispered that she needed to feel Tim inside of her. Lisa gently squeezed her breast, telling her that she would have them both before the night was over. Faith reached out and tugged at Lisa's legs, bringing that sweet, wet pussy over her face. Faith would never have believed on good a woman tasted until Lisa had taken a chance and made the first move.

Settling down on Faith's face, Lisa tugged on her husband's hair, pulling his head away from his devouring of the treasure before him. Seeing the look on his wife's face as Faith was using her tongue on her made Tim back away, getting to his knee's and moving forward to kiss her lips. This in turn caused his rigid cock to brush against the opening of Faith's drenched pussy. If Faith had thought, she was in heaven before, now she was sure as Tim's cock slide easily into her, the sensation sending her body out of control. Her tongue drove deep inside of Lisa, setting off a chain reaction between the two women, both cumming with almost equal force. The sensual smell of the three of them filled Faith's mind, and she had never thought that she would ever feel the way both Tim and Lisa were making her feel.

Tim caught up in the moment, the feeling of his hard cock sliding in and out of their beautiful neighbor and the kiss his wife was sharing with him, that he did not know how long he could hold back from cumming. Lisa knew her husband well, and could see the strained look in his eyes as they kissed. Moving her soft lips back, she whispered to him that it was okay for him to fill Faith with his juices. "I love you Tim," she added in such a soft whisper in his ear, that the very thought of holding back no longer mattered to him. With a shout, Tim pushed hard inside of Faith, feeling his orgasm explode out of the tip of his cock. The suddenness of his cumming set-off a chain reaction of orgasms, as both women joined in. Faith had such a limited knowledge of men, that the amount of cum that filled her wet pussy surprised her, and set off yet another wave of pleasure deep inside of her. She found herself clamping down with both her inner muscles, trying to drain Tim completely as well as her teeth on Lisa's throbbing clit. Seeing the look in Tim's eyes and feeling Faith's teeth biting on her raw, swollen clit almost made her faint as her thick hot cum flooded Faith's mouth, so much that the extra was running down the sides of her face.

Bodies trembling, the trio collapsed onto the bed, exhausted and sated from the round of lovemaking. Faith found herself in the middle of her neighbors, and gave each of them a long slow kiss, thanking them for such a wonderful evening. She fell asleep feeling both of their hands softly caressing her. The last thoughts she had was that she was happy at last to have such good neighbors. Faith now knew that the adventures had just begun and with a smile, she drifted off to sleep. 

* * * * * 

Well, this is the end of Part Two of' The Awakening.' Please continue to vote and send me feedback as that is the only way for a writer to improve. Thank you