 By the time Addison got back to her apartment after her late-night encounter with Sean, it was only an hour until it was time for her to get up to go to work. She decided to call in sick; in fact, she told her boss she would be out for the rest of the week. Addison knew she was in no condition to work that day being so physically spent from the pounding she endured from Sean. Her legs were still shaking, and sore inside. She felt as if she ran a marathon. But more than her physical condition, Addison was more concerned about her state of mind, specifically how would she react the next time she saw Sean. She felt as if it would be awkward the next time, she ran into him. 

Addison figured Sean would just forget about her now that he had his night of sex with her, but Addison wanted more, much more. All day, all Addison could do was replay the events that transpired that night, the image of Sean in the shower, the intimidation she felt when she first held his huge cock in her hands, the incredible domination he exhibited when he fucked her, and the mix of pain and pleasure as his massive ebony cock impaled her. Addison's first interracial experience was one that would haunt her for a long time, not in a bad way but certainly in a way that changed her perspective and desires. 

The next day when Addison woke, Sean was once again heavy in her mind. Horny and hungry for sex again, she went to her bedside table drawer and pulled out her favorite toy, an 8 inch dildo, but after a few minutes Addison knew it wasn't going to be enough. Frustrated, she threw it back in the drawer and got dressed. There was an adult store only blocks from where Addison's apartment was so she took a late morning stroll to the store that sold all kinds of sex aids and looked around. Addison's eyes widened with glee when she came across a large thick dildo that was a realistic replica of a black cock. It was 10 inches long and thicker than her largest toy at home. At the base of the toy were two huge balls that would anchor the toy if she decided to ride it or just provide a good place to grasp it when she used it. It looked so realistic with veins running down the side.

Addison quickly took it to the cashier and almost jogged home with anticipation. Once inside her apartment she threw off her clothes, jumped in the middle of her bed and took the dildo out of its package. Addison piled up the pillows so she was propped up to be able to get a good view as she guided the dildo's head into her pussy that was getting wetter by the second. She watched the dark shaft of the toy slowly disappear deeper and deeper inside her as she widened her legs even more to accept its considerable size. The sensation reminded her of when Sean was first sliding in her and her asking herself how much of his huge cock she was going to be able to take. She had just started to stroke her pussy with her new toy when her cell phone rang. Addison was about to hit the button to make the call go to her voicemail when she saw the number was from the station. She had recalled she promised to call her office about some work she was doing while on her mini vacation and answered the phone while she slid her new toy out of her.

"Addison?" ... she recognized the voice immediately and almost jumped out of her skin in excitement.

"Sean?" she answered.

"Yeah, they told me you were taking the rest of the week off. I came by to see if you wanted to do lunch or something sometime. Everything ok?" A huge smile came across Addison's face and she felt as nervous as a schoolgirl.

"Oh, uh yeah, I'm fine. I just decided to take the rest of the week off."

"Does this have anything to do with what happened in the exercise room?" Sean asked with a deep and sexy voice.

"Ummmm... maybe." Addison took the toy and reinserted it, working it deep inside her.

"So, did you enjoy yourself?" Sean asked slyly.

"Yes, I did."

"Have you been thinking about what happened?" Sean dug deeper with his inquiry. 

"Yes, I can't stop thinking about it." Addison answered shyly, but wanted him to know.

"What did you think about your first black cock?"

"It was even better that I dreamed of, I still can't stop thinking what you did to me." Addison picked up the speed and length of the strokes of her dildo. She even started to audibly whimper. Her pussy was getting very wet.

Sean could hear her whimpers and asked "Are you thinking about it right now?"

"Yes, I am, oh my God!" Addison's whimpers turned into loud moans and Sean knew exactly what she was doing. Addison was starting to furiously stroke her pussy with the large black dildo, watching as it went in and out of her pussy.

"Tell you what, I can't come over right now but how about I come over tonight after my newscast and I show you what a black cock can really do." Sean offers. 

Those were the words Addison wanted to hear and she told Sean she would be ready for him. She gave him her address and they got off the phone. Addison continued breaking in her new toy with even more excitement and fever with what she knew would be happening later that night and climaxed with an earthshattering orgasm. 

That night while Sean was on the news giving his sports report, Addison showered and put on a sexy silk robe wearing nothing underneath with the intention of jumping into the sex quickly with Sean. Over two hours passed with Addison almost starting to feel as if she was stood up when a knock came on her door. She ran to the door and saw Sean wearing the same suit he wore on TV, which was fine to Addison because she thought he looked handsome in it. 

"Sorry I'm a little late; there were some things I had to take care of." 

"That's ok" and with that Addison jumped into Sean's arms kissing him with the excitement of a woman who has been waiting for her man to get home. Before Sean can even try, Addison undid her robe and let it fall to the floor exposing her nude body. 

Sean almost laughed out loud realizing how much Addison wanted to get right into the sex. Sean picked up Addison in his arms and carried her into her bedroom as the two kissed passionately. When Sean set her down it isn't on her bed but on the floor. Setting her on her knees, Sean asks "Trust me?"

"Yes" Addison answers.

With that Sean undid his belt and took it off. He comes behind Addison and makes a loop with it and puts her wrists into the loop and tightens it, binding her hands together behind her. Then he takes the rest of the belt and wraps them around her ankles binding them and then tying the belt. Addison is now basically helpless, being almost hog tied while she is on her knees. Sean then undoes his pants and pulls out his huge erect cock, stoking it just mere inches from Addison's face. Addison watches with her eyes gazing on Sean's big black cock as it seems to grow & stiffen even more. 

"Please put it in my mouth." Addsion begs, since she can't reach out for it herself. Sean just continues to stroke it very near to her mouth, when it gets mere inches away, Addison opens her mouth and tries to grasp it with her mouth but misses. 

"You want this black cock don't you" Sean asks.

"Yes, YES I do!" Addison answers without hesitation.

"Now that you have had black cock you are hooked, aren't you?"

"Yes, I am"

"Is the saying true? Once you've gone black..."

"I'm never going back!" Addison interrupts. She knows the game Sean is playing and decides to play along, although her words are coming out instinctually, as if she has no control what she is saying because she wants Sean's cock so bad once more.

"Which do you love more, black cock or white cock?"

"Please don't make me decide." Addison begs Sean.

He repeats his question, "Which do you love more, black cock or white cock?" Now Sean has brought the head mere inches from her mouth again. As Addison tries to lunge for it again, he moves back. Addison almost loses her balance and nearly falls forward.  

"I don't want to say." Addison is starting to feel afraid of what she really wants to say.

"Which do you love more, black cock or white cock?"

"Black cock! I love black cock more!" With that Sean let Addison suck on his huge cock and she does so with a feverous gusto. Although she has no control of her hands and arms, Addison stuffs as much of his black cock in her mouth and begins to suck up and down on it in a wild pace. Saliva starts to jut out of her mouth and all over Sean's cock, she knows she is making a mess but she doesn't care Addison just loves to give head to the monstrous dick of his.

After a few minutes pass, Sean interrupts her by pulling his cock out of her mouth and kneeling behind her. "Still trust me?" 

"Um, yes" Sean takes off his tie and wraps it around her head making a blindfold out of it. He kisses her neck and whispers, "I'll be right back, just relax and be prepared for the night of your life." With Addison in total darkness all she can do is listen to what she thinks is happening in her bedroom. She can hear footsteps leaving her bedroom and it is quiet for a few minutes. When she hears the sound of Sean coming back in the room she swears as if she can hear another set of footsteps. Addison feels a little uneasy since she is nude and there might be another stranger in the room. "Sean?" she calls out.

"Trust me, you're going to love this." He answers her. 

Still blindfolded, all she can do is listen to make out what is going on in front of her. The sounds of zippers being pulled down and shoes or boots hitting the floor can be heard but it sounds like more than one or two men. She goes from excitement to fear and then excitement again. What does Sean have planned out for her? Then Sean's voice..." Remember how much you told me you love black cock?"

"Yes."

"Well this is for you." With that he removes her makeshift blindfold and standing in front of her are three strangers, all nude and all three black.

"Addison, the man to your left is Craig. I played college ball with him and he is one of my best friends." Craig had an athletic body but was shorter than Sean. As he stood there he was stroking his cock which was the smallest of the three men but looked to be a still impressive 9 inches long and very thick.

"Right next to him is my little cousin Tre'." Tre'was definitely the youngest looking of the three, appearing to be 19 or 20 years of age. His hard cock stuck straight out in a raging hard on and was 10 or 11 inches. He was the least girth of the men, but had a very impressive cock on him.

"Last but not least is..." 

"Isiah Evans" Addison interrupted, "I watch sports." Isiah was a professional basketball player who played for the NBA team in the city. He was an all-star and one of the most popular players in the sport. Isiah stood about 6'10" tall and was very lean and muscular. His hard cock was as big and thick as Sean's. Addison knew she was staring at over 40 inches of black cock, and all four men had a look of them like they wanted her badly. Before another word was said the three strangers approach Addison with their erect cocks, surrounding her closely, Craig on her left, Isiah to her right and Tre' standing right in front of her. 

With her hands still bound all she could do is open her mouth invitingly as the men began to stuff her mouth and rub the heads of their cocks on her face and neck. Addison would take each cock in her mouth as deep as she could and run her lips up and down it then switch to another by turning her head either left or right to take the next cock in her mouth.

"Damn Sean, you were right, this girl does love black cock." Isiah exclaimed while deep in Addison's mouth. After several minutes of going around on each cock, Sean untied his belt freeing her legs but still keeping her hands tied behind her back. While still bound Sean moved Addison to the side of the bed where Tre' lay on the bed in front of her as he bent her over. Sean held Addison by her arms and she opened her mouth letting Tre' put his cock in her mouth. Sean started to slide his cock in Addison, slowly and deeply. With each stroke Sean sped up his thrust as her mouth bobbing up and down Tre's long black cock. 

Her moans getting louder and louder with Sean's consistent fucking, Tre' telling Addison, "Suck this black cock white girl." Addison wanted desperately to have her hands free to grasp one of these magnificent cocks but she also loved being dominated like this and being made as the men's servant. 

"You want Isiah to fuck you now?" Sean asked Addison. 

"Mmhhmm" she answered with her mouth full. As Sean pulled out of her pussy, Isiah spun Addison on her back with her hands still bound behind them and opened her legs wide. She looked down as he begun to rub his head up and down between her lips and watched his massive 12-inch cock slide inside her.

Meanwhile, Tre' and Sean climbed on each side of Addison kneeling on both sides of her as they both fed her their cocks. Isiah held up her legs wide as he began to fuck her furiously. Although she just had Sean's cock, it takes a few minutes for Addison to get use to Isiah's huge black cock. Addison begins to moan loud with the mouthful of cock she has and Isiah pumping her pussy. 

"Mmmmmm, take that big black cock girl." Isiah tells Addison. 

"Yes! Talk dirty to me, I love it!" Addison screams in delight. "Make me your white bitch!"

"Oh man, this girl is fine and freaky Sean. You picked a winner man." Isiah tells him. With that Isiah really cuts loose and begins to fuck Addison like a wild animal. With her pussy lips being stretched by his thick black cock and his head hitting deep in her pussy, Addison is in sheer heaven. Craig who has been watching finally tells the other he has to have some of her, as he approaches her, he spins Addison around until she is on her knees with her head laying on the bed. 

As he holds onto the belt that is binding her hands together behind her back, Craig begins to fuck her pussy doggie style. His cock feels so good, not painfully large like Sean or Isiah's but nice and filling. As he fucks her the other three men stand around the bed watching Addison get fucked hard, stroking their massive black cocks enjoying the show. 

"So, you want us to treat you like a white bitch huh?" Craig asks.

"Yes, yes I'm your white bitch, treat me like one." thinking Craig would just simply pound her harder. Suddenly Addison felt the smack of a hand on her ass cheek. Not a hard, violent one, but a stinging one. It excited her. 

"Pull my hair too!" Addison demanded. Craig was happy to oblige as he took a handful of Addison's shoulder length brunette hair and pulled it back to him causing her head to lift up. Addison could tell he wasn't trying to hurt her, he must have done this before because his touch was just right, not enough to hurt her but enough to add to the sensation. 

"Oh my God... yes, YES!!" Addison screamed as Craig continued to smack her ass cheeks and pull her hair while punishing her pussy.

"I want all of you to fuck me like this, take turns fucking me like a white bitch!!" Addison demanded and the guys were happy to oblige. One by one they would get behind Addison doggie style and fuck her hard while spanking her and pulling her hair. All three had the same amazing touch, not hurtful but they did have a sting to their smacks and they pulled back enough to where they had control of Addison. First was Sean, who fucked Addison even better than he did in the exercise room, really giving her his black cock. 

Next was Tre' who stood on his feet and kneeled over Addison as he slid his long cock in her asshole to her delight. Addison also noticed Tre' has a very low hanging set of balls that were huge and when he fucked her ass hard, his balls would swing and hit her clit, a sensation she loved. But it was Isiah that fucked her best, and he was very vocal as he plowed her pussy for over 20 minutes. 

"So, you love black cock more than white cock huh bitch?" 

"Yes, oh God yes"

"Tell us why you love black cock more."

"Because your cocks are so big and hard, and you guys are fucking me better than anyone has ever fucked me!"

"Have you ever had a puny, small white cock before?" Isiah asked Addison as he continued to fuck her pussy hard and fast.

"Yes, in college. He was horrible. Your cocks are 100 times better than his!" Addison was almost in tears, not because she felt bad for telling the truth but because she knew Isiah could make her tell him anything. His fucking had that much power over her.

"You ain't afraid of us cumming inside you?" 

"No...I want you to." Addison admitted.

"You know, we call our cum, seed. You want that black seed planted deep in you white girl?" 

"Yes!! Plant your black seed in me!" Addsion cried out as the feeling of a huge orgasm started to swell inside her. Isiah grabbed a full fist of her hair again and started to pound his cock like a quick jab, not at a constant beat but pulling almost completely out and then thrusting it back in. Addison remembered going to a basketball game and watching Isiah play, she couldn't believe 8 months later she would be in her bed with this stud who was about to fill her pussy with his cum. On his last thrust he held it deep in her pussy and she could fill his cock pulsate and fill her pussy full of cum. She began to orgasm as well yelling out. "I LOVE THAT BLACK SEED FILLING UP MY PUSSY!!" 

As Isiah climbed off of her she laid there totally spend, her arms still tied behind her back and a large amount of cum drooling out of her. As Sean came over and untied the belt, Addison looked up at him and said with a twinkle in her eye, "Who wants to fill me up next?" She realized no matter how tired she was this was a once in a lifetime experience and didn't want to lose one precious second of it. Sean laid down beside Addison and invited her to climb up on him. With her pussy still full of Isiah's cum, her pussy slid down on his huge cock better than it had ever done before. While she began to ride Sean, Tre' came from behind her, once again standing on his feet and keeling down and put his cock back in her ass. When Craig kneeled next to her and arched back all she had to do was bend down a bit to fill her mouth with his cock.

Addison now had all three black studs inside her at the same time. Each one filling an orifice of her body and soon they all began to pick up the speed, even Addison picked up the pace of her mouth bobbing up and down on Craig's cock. Tre' was masterfully fucking her ass with long strokes that made the sensation of Sean filling her pussy even better. Throughout this fucking Addison was making gagging and the sounds of a full mouth "Mfff Bffmrrrff" as Craig's cock filled it to the brim and even would catch the back of her throat when she slid her mouth down on it too much. Sean wasn't going to make Addison do all of the work on his cock, he grabbed her ass cheeks and made her whole body sway up and down on his cock with a grip on her ass. After what could have been 15 or twenty minutes of fucking like this it was Tre' who came first, his cock pumped a large amount of cum in her ass which felt different to Addison but she liked it.

Now it was just Craig and Sean, Sean was pumping his cock in and out at a fast pace and Addison matched his thrust with her mouth on Craig's big black cock. Addison wanted to make Craig cum before Sean but she felt her own orgasm start to build up as well and when she came the two men came as well with Sean unloading a huge amount of cum inside her and Craig shooting in her mouth and then pulling his cock out of her mouth and shooting two or three more large loads all over Addison's face, something she never had done to her before but actually enjoyed. 

After Addison shared a crowded shower with the men, Isiah announced that he had to catch a flight the next morning and Sean told Addison he had to give the other two a ride home. Addison whispered to Sean "Thank you for a memorable evening." And Sean responded "We will have to do something again soon." 
