 A reasonably attractive Japanese woman, Ahiko knew that she would have no difficulty in finding a respectable man to settle down with. The trouble was, beneath her outwardly conventional exterior lay an all-consuming passion for outrageous sex. Ever since she had lost her virginity at 17, she had loved sex. Fortunately, since going on to the net, she had been lucky to find a boyfriend who shared her attitudes and who was just as willing to experiment as she was. Tonight was a special night. He had got together a small group of trusted friends to participate in a gangbang. And he was going to videotape it. Although they had visited several swing clubs and had had several group sex encounters, Ahiko had never before been the sole focus of attention of several men at once, and she was looking forward to it. To prepare for the event, she had actually denied herself (and her boyfriend) sex for a whole week and now, as the subway train raced homewards, she found herself starting to feel very aroused.

Mike would be arriving soon with his friends. Ahiko decided to shower and change. In the bathroom she ran the water and quickly stripped off her working clothes. Stretching her arms above her head, she admired herself in the mirror. She was in great shape, her lithe, petite body was perfectly proportioned, with slim hips and lovely small, firm little breasts. Her nipples were a deep brown, small and hard now in the cool air of the bathroom. Between her legs, there was only the slightest fuzz of jet black hair as she kept herself perfectly shaved, just how Mike liked it. She decided to shave now and rummaged through the drawer for a razor, suppressing the urge to masturbate there and then when she came across a 6 inch jelly dildo in the drawer. Using Mike's shaving foam, she concentrated on the business in hand and shaved her cunt and armpits as smooth as possible. Then she washed her short black hair and got out of the shower. In the bedroom she slipped on a pair of black cotton panties and a black leather miniskirt. As a 32A, she hardly ever wore a bra and, since she would soon be naked, decided not to bother with one tonight. Instead she put on a simple white t-shirt, which she knew would show her nipples to advantage.

She poured herself a drink and sat down to wait for the guys to arrive. She felt so damn horny it was all she could do to restrain herself from touching herself. Fortunately she didn't have to wait long before she heard the door open and Mike entered the house with his friends, Dave, Steve, Kev and Paul. They greeted her nervously, as Mike had told them what they were in for, and all sat down after helping themselves to some drinks. After a bit of chat, Mike suggested that Ahiko perform a little striptease for them to help get everyone in the mood. Ahiko put some music on and stood in the center of the room, swaying in time with the music and running her hands over her lissom body. Her tiny dark nipples were standing firmly to attention now and she felt herself getting more aroused as she saw the reaction of the guys. 'C'mon guys.' urged Mike, 'Are you going to show Ahiko what you've got?' 

They giggled nervously and then Paul unzipped himself and pulled out his erect penis. 'Well, I'm game.' he said. Ahiko smiled and moved over to where Paul sat. With one smooth movement she pulled off her t-shirt, exposing her tiny firm titties and then bending down in front of Paul's face so that the nipples were just inches from his mouth. 'Good boy.' she whispered. 'Now you get to go first. Suck my tits.' She cradled Paul's head in her hands and pulled him towards her breasts. He started sucking hard on each her nipples in turn. 'That's it, harder.' Ahiko groaned. 'Now pull my panties off.' she urged as Paul continued sucking and biting her hard little nipples. Paul lifted up her skirt, exposing her black cotton panties to everyone in the room. Putting his thumbs in the waistband, he eased them down over her slim hips and cute little butt, all the time never letting go of her tits. Straightening up, Ahiko let the panties drop down to the floor and stepped out of them. Looking around she saw that both Dave and Steve had pulled out their cocks and were playing with them gently. 

She reached around and unzipped her skirt, allowing it to drop to the floor, so that she was now naked in front of them. She heard a gasp from her audience as she gently ran her hands over her slim body, pausing when she reached her smooth newly-shaven and now extremely wet vagina. 'Come on, Paul,' she said huskily. 'lie down on the floor and let me see how well you can eat a girl.' Paul lay down on the floor and Ahiko straddled him, pausing to briefly caress his hugely erect penis, before lowering her pussy down on to his face. Paul needed no encouragement to start licking her slit from front to back, swirling his tongue around on her hard little clitoris. Ahiko reached down and spread her cunt lips wider so that he could get his tongue further in. 'That's it, baby, come on, see how wet I am.' she murmured. 

Paul was pretty good at this and Ahiko wanted to cum really badly now. She began rocking back and forth on Paul, groaning as she felt herself get more and more aroused. Meanwhile, in the background, Mike was urging Kev and Steve to get undressed and join in the action. In no time at all, they had thrown off their clothes and were kneeling next to Ahiko, both holding throbbing erections. Ahiko reached out and grasped Steve's head, pulling it down to her nipple. He started sucking it hard while Ahiko continued fucking Paul's face. Kev quickly moved around to the other side and started sucking on her other nipple. Ahiko was in ecstasy. She felt herself begin to cum and started crying out loud, a long high-pitched squeal that turned into a scream as she orgasmed, clenching her thighs tightly around Paul's head, almost suffocating him.

As her orgasm subsided, Ahiko shifted her position to allow Paul to wriggle out from under her. Still kneeling, she turned and took hold of Kev's throbbing penis, rubbing her hand up and down the throbbing shaft and then licking the tip. Kev was not huge, about 6", but quite thick and Ahiko slowly slid him into her warm mouth. Kev moaned as she began sucking him, moving her head up and down the shaft and then rolling her tongue around the swollen glans. On the other side of her she felt someone caress her belly and then start nibbling on her nipples. Catching a glance, she saw that it was Paul. He stood up, letting his long, thin cock touch her tits and then he began to masturbate. With one hand, Ahiko reached out to squeeze his balls, encouraging him to jerk off faster, although she continued to focus on sucking Kev's cock, urging him to pour his spunk into her. 

As she caressed his balls, she felt Kev's cock tense and knew he was about to cum. Wrapping her fist around the shaft of his penis, she felt the first warm, sticky, jet land in the back of her throat. There was more than she expected and she pulled her head back slightly. The second spurt, almost as copious as the first, landed on her face. She continued milking his cock as he produced a third and fourth jet of thick white sperm. As Kev's semen began to roll down her neck, she felt a spurt from Paul's cock hit the left side of her face. Quickly she turned to grasp his penis and managed to take the second spurt in her mouth, tasting his warm saltiness on her tongue. She was dimly aware of a camera flashing as she savoured the flavor of the tip of Paul's cock and knew it would be Mike keeping a record of the evening for them to enjoy later.

As Kev's and Paul's erections subsided, Ahiko reluctantly let go of them and staggered to her feet. In the mirror she saw that her face, hair and breasts were covered in semen. She walked over to Dave, who was sitting on the sofa with a massive erection and knelt in front of him. He was obviously turned on by the performance so far and groaned as she took the full length of his penis into her mouth. He was a little bigger than either of the other two and she had some difficulty in getting him into her.

At the same time, Ahiko felt someone take hold of her hips. It was the black guy, Steve, who had moved up behind her and was now guiding his cock into her still wet pussy. She groaned as he gently slid his full length into her.

She felt herself begin to cum as Steve fucked her harder and harder, his finger probing her tight asshole at the same time. As he thrust on her g-spot she sucked harder on Dave's cock, while at the same time he started thrusting into her, fucking her mouth to the point where she could hardly breathe. She felt herself cum and let out a stifled scream. As she did so, Dave came in her mouth. She swallowed hard as his thick, slightly acrid semen gushed into her mouth. She couldn't swallow all of it and opened her mouth wider to allow the excess to trickle down her chin. This was Dave's first orgasm and he was obviously a very heavy cummer, judging by the quantity of thick white liquid that continued to spurt from his cock. As she lapped up Dave's cum, she felt Steve empty his balls deep into her pussy with a final thrust. A few seconds later, she felt it trickle down her thigh as Steve's limp cock slipped out of her.

Looking up, Ahiko saw that Kev was standing next to her, his cock now fully erect for the second time. "Fuck me." she gasped to him. Kev needed no more encouragement. He moved around behind her and with one smooth thrust slipped his cock into her soaking wet pussy, still slippery with the combination of Ahiko's juices and Steve's semen. He was a bit smaller than Steve, but very hard and she urged him to fuck her as hard as possible. He grasped hold of her pelvis and began to slam his cock into her, his balls slapping against her as he did so. She was so wet now, and her cunt so enlarged that she could needed more stimulation, so she reached down between her legs and started frigging her clitoris to make herself cum again. Her incessant cumming was obviously too much for Kev and he came for a second time. This time he withdrew just before ejaculating, cumming onto her deliciously smooth buttocks. Ahiko rolled over onto her back, still playing with her clit as she looked up to see Paul, Dave and Mike kneeling over her, masturbating, their cocks fully erect. Kev and Steve were both lying on the floor, recovering.

Reaching up, Ahiko grasped Paul's cock in one hand and Dave's in the other. "Come on, cum for me." she whispered, urging them to masturbate faster and faster. Meanwhile, Mike had moved between her legs, where he was now kneeling and masturbating with one hand while he played with Ahiko's sperm-covered pussy with the other. As he had been watching all the way through, it wasn't long before he came. A huge gush of sperm erupted from his cock, splattering Ahiko all the way from her neck to her navel. Ahiko gasped, excited by the glistening trail of sperm decorating her tits and began wanking Paul and Dave harder. Paul leaned forward, replacing Ahiko's hand with his own as he pointed his cock right on to her titties and then jerked himself off, the remnants of his cum splashing on to her nipples. Ahiko reached down and smeared it over her chest, mixing it with Mike's cum, and craning her head forward to take Paul's cock into her mouth and suck out the last remaining drops. A few seconds later, Dave came again, adding his load to Ahiko's cum-soaked naked body. Quickly Mike grabbed the camera and took a few shots of Ahiko lying on the floor, spattered with glistening white sticky cum from five guys, as well as a couple of close-ups of her spread pussy and ass, where the last remnants of Steve's load were still dripping out.