 Tommy and Shannon pulled up to the front of Hank's condo as Jean and him were standing inside the lobby waiting for them. Tommy's eyes almost popped out of his head when he saw Jean, and how she was dressed. Jean was wearing a dark blue sleeveless dress with a cowl neckline and a hem that came several inches above her knees. As per Hank's instructions, she was wearing no bra or panties, as Tommy and Shannon would soon find out. After being taken by Hank in her own bed that morning they drove back to his place stopping along the way for her to pick up a couple items she needed for getting ready for the evening. 

Jean spent a couple hours before Tommy and Shannon arrived getting herself ready. When she walked out of Hank's bedroom, he just stared. It had been worth every minute she spent on getting herself ready. He walked up to her and wrapped his arms around her. "You are one gorgeous creature!" Jean almost blushed as his stare drilled into her. Hank admired and appreciated her for who and what she was. She hadn't felt this alive in years. 

Tommy's expression wasn't lost on Shannon as they watched Hank and Jean approach their SUV. "She is an attractive woman, isn't she?" she asked her husband with a smirk. "You always did have a thing for white meat." 

Tommy grinned knowing his wife wasn't jealous, just priming them both for the evening ahead. "Why do you think I married you? Nothing like a white bitch with big tits!" He enjoyed turning the tables on his wife whenever he could. Tommy and Shannon had just had their first baby six months before and she was nursing. Her breasts were a respectable C before she'd had the baby. But now they had swelled to DD as she kept her two babies fed, Tommy Jr. and Tommy Sr. "I think Hank and I might play a little show and tell this evening." 

"Ooohhh!" Shannon cooed with delight. "That sounds delicious! Are you going to make me?" Shannon felt her pulse quickening. 

Tommy reached over and hooked his finger in her silk choker and pulled her across the seat to kiss her. "I don't think I'll have to make you bitch! I think by the time we get to that point, you'll be begging for it. But if I have to make you, then yes, I will. You're my bitch, and you'll do whatever I tell you to do." Shannon was a complete sub. Her cunt began gushing as Tommy took control of her. Her choker was her symbol of subservience to Tommy and his ownership of her. She wore it gladly and only took it off to shower. 

Hank opened the back door of the Suburban and looked inside before Jean climbed in and slid across. "Alright you two! They'll be plenty of time for that after dinner!" 

Tommy looked around smiling. "I know! But there's nothing like a little appetizer!" He turned his attention to Jean. "Jean, you look great!" he said as he stared at her cleavage. His intended meaning wasn't lost on either Hank or Jean. 

"Well thank you!" Her cunt twitched as Tommy gawked at her chest. Jean decided to set the tone for the evening right off the bat. More for herself than anyone else. "So are you a tit man too, like Hank?" 

Her question took Tommy by surprise shocking him back to reality. He looked at Hank for a second, and the two stared at each other before bursting into laughter. "She got you there buddy!" Hank chided him. 

Tommy kept laughing. "Jean! I like everything about a woman's body. Hair, cunt, ass, legs, hands, mouth, the whole package. But yes, I do like a nice big pair of tits. I've been blessed with a bitch who has a nice big set. Now I see Hank has himself a . . . ." he didn't know how to refer to Jean. 

Hank filled in the blank knowing where he was heading. "She's my bitch! You can call her that!" 

Tommy smiled. "Hank's been blessed with a bitch with big tits also. This ought to be a good evening." 

Shannon looked back at Jean as Tommy pulled out into the flow of traffic. "I get the feeling you and I are going to have a really good time this evening!" she said smiling. 

Tommy followed Hank's directions to a steakhouse out in the western suburbs. They both had eaten there before with clients and knew they served an excellent steak. Hank had specifically called ahead for a booth. They ordered their meals and a bottle of wine. Hank wanted this to be an enjoyable evening for everyone. 

The evenings conversation was light with lots of laughter. Tommy and Shannon talked a lot about the baby, while Hank and Jean talked about how things started between them. Both Tommy and Shannon had seen what Ed was like at the company dinner, and both were aware of what he was like. 

Jean told an abbreviated version of her story to give them some background. After she finished there was a momentary silence, no one knowing exactly what to say. Finally Hank broke the silence. "You're mine now! That's the end of that discussion." Hank's statement gave Jean a contented, peaceful feeling, knowing that she was truly loved by a man who knew how to treat her and take care of her. It had been a very long time since she'd felt that way, and since she'd trusted a man the way she was growing to trust Hank. She leaned over, sitting next to Hank, and kissed him as she dropped her hand in his lap. She squeezed his cock through his pants as their lips stayed locked. 

Hank grabbed her by the back of her head and pulled her back. "You don't get your hand out of there, you'll be sucking it till I feed you dessert. Right here. Right now." The look on his face told Jean he meant what he said. Her eyes widened as the thought of going down on him in this restaurant excited her. She didn't say anything as she pulled her hand back. 

"Now I'd like to see that!" Shannon voiced her approval of Hank's threat. 

"Me too!" Tommy chimed in. "Maybe we should make it a double!" he added looking at Hank. 

Hank looked around the restaurant to see if it could be done without causing too much of a commotion. The place was crowded. "I like the idea of having them do that! Another time! As a matter of fact, I've got the perfect bar we could have them do that! Some of the guys there would even pay to watch!" 

Jean looked at him with a shocked look. She was still learning what it was going to mean to be Hank's slut and bitch. "Would you really do that?" 

Hank grabbed one of her tits discreetly and squeezed it. "You're damn right I would! And I'd make sure you flashed these while you were doing it!" Jean groaned as she thought about performing in front of a bar full of strange men. "That really turns you on, doesn't it?" 

"Yes!" Jean gasped. 

"Oh buddy!" Tommy laughed. "I think you've got a real slut on your hands! You need to train that bitch my friend! Train her and get her broken in!" 

"I know you two have been into this lifestyle for awhile. Maybe you can give me some coaching." 

"I would be glad to buddy! There's nothing like a well trained bitch to keep you satisfied and happy! And while we're at it, I'll have my bitch work with yours." Tommy looked over at Shannon and squeezed her tit discreetly like Hank had done. "I want you to help Jean understand the lifestyle and what's expected of her as Hank's sub! Understand?" 

"Yes master!" Shannon cooed like the bitch in heat she was becoming. She looked at Hank. "Would you like me to take her shopping sir?" 

Hank looked at Tommy with a big grin on his face. "I'm liking this already!" He looked at Shannon. "That would be great. You help her buy everything you think she needs." 

Jean sat there dumbfounded as they talked about her as though she was a piece of property. She had read a little on the BDSM lifestyle over the years. It always fascinated her, and she found it erotically exciting as a fantasy. But now that it was becoming a reality in her life the feelings running through her were overwhelming. Her stomach was knotting as both fear and excitement washed over her psyche. She knew the last vestiges of control were being taken from her. Or was she willingly giving them up? She didn't know. Her thoughts and emotions felt like they'd been thrown into a blender. What was she becoming? Where was Hank taking her? Could she trust him? She looked at him with longing in her eyes. "Please don't hurt me!" her voice sounded like a small child begging for mercy from a bully. 

It suddenly dawned on Hank what she was struggling with. All those years of being beaten down by her prick of a husband had instilled a fear in her of trusting men and expressing herself as a woman. Hank put his arm around her shoulders and pulled her to himself. He cupped her face in his hand as he spoke to her tenderly. "You have nothing to be afraid of with me. You belong to me now! I love you! Do you know what that means?" He didn't allow her to respond. "That means I'm going to take care of you. That means you're safe with me. That means I'm going to make you glad you're a woman, and my bitch. That means you have a new home. That also means . . ." Hank got that devilish grin on that Jean had grown to love, "that I own you, and your going to make me glad I'm a man and your master." He paused before he continued. "But I'm not going to force anything on you babe. If you want out of this, or this makes you feel uncomfortable, you just say the word and it's over. I don't want you just as my lover. I want you as my friend too." 

Jean was almost crying as she moaned. "I don't want to be anywhere or with anyone except you." She dropped her hand in his lap again and squeezed his cock as she gave him a weak smile. "I'll be anything and do anything you ask of me." 

Hank pulled her hand off his throbbing manhood. "You're going to do exactly that and more. Now why don't you and Shannon go to the ladies room while Tommy and I discuss the rest of the evening's festivities." The two men stood, allowing the ladies to slide out of the booth. As the ladies were walking away they heard Shannon say, "First thing we need to get you sweetie is a collar." 

While the ladies were in the ladies room Hank and Tommy mapped out how the evening would unfold. Both still had too much of the military in their blood. You didn't go into an engagement without a plan of attack. And that's what they had when the ladies finally rejoined them. Hank paid the bill and they walked out to the Suburban. Each guy helped his lady into the passenger's side door, then walked around and got in the other side. Tommy started the engine and drove to the backside of the parking lot. It was a little more secluded, but it was still light out being May. 

Tommy put it in park and turned off the engine. "Lower the dress!" Hank ordered Jean. 

Jean obeyed without hesitation. She leaned forward and reached behind her back to unzip the dress. She then slipped the dress off her shoulders and down to her waist. 

Shannon turned around to watch but was quickly reminded of her place by Tommy. "What are you looking at bitch? You heard the man. Lower the dress!" Shannon followed suit. 

Without being told Jean unsnapped her half bra and slipped it from her shoulders. She then sat back in her seat awaiting further instruction. 

Tommy looked over the front seat at Jean. "Damn! That bitch of yours has a nice rack Hank!" 

Hank leaned over the back of the front seat to check out Shannon. Her nipples glistened with the moisture of her milk as it leaked from her udders. "You've got nothing to complain about. It looks as though that bitch of yours is a regular milking machine." 

Hank then sat back and threw his right leg up on the bench seat. "You know what to do! Do it!" 

Jean unbuckled his pants, then pulled his swollen cock out. She moaned softly as she lowered her head and breathed in his scent. She was a bitch in need of being taken and used like the slut she'd become. She opened her mouth and slid his cock in till the head hit the back of her throat. Hank grabbed a handful of hair and held her tightly laying his head back. Her mouth felt like liquid velvet wrapped around his rod as it glided up and down his shaft. "Oh yeah!" he moaned. "I've been waiting for this since you walked out of the bedroom all dressed up for this evening." Jean reached inside his open pants and cupped his sack, massaging his balls gently as she devoured him. 

Shannon was in the front seat doing the same for her man. He held her head with one hand, and reached under her chest with the other. He began squeezing her fun bags till his hand was covered in her milk. Tommy chuckled, "I think my bitch needs to be milked." He looked over the seat at Hank. "You ever had tit milk?" 

"Can't say that I have. I mean I guess I did as a baby. But who remembers that? Why? Is it any good?" Hank asked out of genuine curiosity. 

"Oh man yeah! It's the best! Sweet! Warm! And it comes from a cow I plan on milking for a long, long time! You want to try some?" Tommy and Hank talked as their cocks were serviced. 

"That would be great! You don't mind?" Hank replied as he shifted in his seat. Jean lifted her head momentarily. "Hey! I didn't tell you to stop bitch! Get you mouth down there and use it for what it was intended!" Jean slurped in his cock once again and resumed giving head with the proficiency of the slut she was becoming. 

"No I wouldn't mind!" Tommy replied. "But I'm assuming this is a reciprocal agreement? I get to enjoy your bitch." 

"Of course. That's only fair." 

Tommy smiled back at Hank. "Then I can't wait to get back to Jean's place. That is where you said we were going?" Hank nodded his head. "Good! You can milk my cow and I'll work on yours. Man, I tell you, once you've had tit milk, there's no going back. You're going to want it all the time." Tommy paused as he worked Shannon's mouth. "Just so you'll know. She really loves it if you play with her clit while your sucking on her tits. Drives her insane." 

"I'll keep that in mind. Jean likes a finger up her ass as I'm sucking on her tits." 

"Hey! Has she ever gone down on a woman before?" Tommy asked. He could feel his orgasm building. "Oh that's it baby! Suck that cock you dirty cock sucking whore!" he groaned. Shannon increased her efforts. His name calling and degrading her only turned her on more than she already was. She loved being his slut. 

Hank felt his own orgasm approaching. "You know, I don't know if she has or not!" He lifted Jean's head by her hair. She gasped for breath as his shaft slid out of her mouth. "Have you ever gone down on a woman before?" Hank asked her. 

"No!" Jean gasped, trying to catch her breath. 

Hank shoved her head back down till his shaft hit the back of her throat. He looked up at Tommy and laughed. "She said 'no!' What do you think? Tonight?" 

"Tonight! Definitely! Nothing like watching two hot bitches go at each other." Tommy grunted as Shannon worked his cock like the master cock sucker she had become. "Ugh! Almost there babe! Oh yeah! That's it! Suck it bitch! Suck it!" Tommy gripped a handful of her hair as his stomach tightened. Shannon raked her teeth over the length of his shaft knowing that would push him over the edge. She knew what her master/husband liked. And she knew how to deliver it. Tommy grunted one more time as he began to spew his seed into her eagerly sucking mouth. 

Shannon sucked and swallowed as Tommy held her head firmly in place. Not that he would have needed to. Shannon was not only a master at sucking cock, it had become one of the things she enjoyed doing the most. For her it was not just a sex act. It was the joining of herself to the man she loved and belonged to. It was giving him the pleasure she desperately wanted to give to him all the time. Shannon drained his balls till he was laying back groaning from satisfaction and exhaustion. 

Hank's breathing became labored as his orgasm boiled inside his nut sack. Just as Tommy's orgasm waned, Hank's exploded inside Jean's mouth. Jean squealed with delight as Hank's cream filled her mouth and coated her tongue. She swallowed as best she could with a cock shoved to the back of her throat. Hank held her tight as he pumped jet after jet of his jism inside her. "That's it! Take it! Take it!" Each spasm brought another grunt to Hank. As his orgasm subsided Hank's firm grip on her head became a soft stroking. Hank laid back in the seat as Jean continued to love his cock. "You've got the address to Jean's place." He said to Tommy as he stroked Jean's head. 

"Yeah, I'm putting in the GPS now." 

"Good! We've got two very horny bitches on our hands, and I can't wait to see them perform." 

Tommy parked the Suburban in front of Jean's house and the four of them walked in together. The ladies had been allowed to put their dresses back on, minus their bras. "You keep anything to drink in the fridge?" Hank asked Jean. 

"Ed keeps some beer in there." Jean responded 

Hank snorted at the mentioning of his name. "I'll get each of us a beer," he said to Tommy. "You take the ladies upstairs. I'll be right up." When Hank got up to the master bedroom Tommy had pulled a couple of cushioned chairs into it and positioned them in front of the king-size bed. Tommy was seated and waiting. Hank walked in and handed Tommy his beer. "Alright ladies, Tommy and I think we've got two of the hottest sluts in the city. Show us what you've got." 

Shannon, being much more comfortable with what was being expected of them took the lead. She walked up to Jean, wrapped her arms around her, and kissed her softly, her hands roaming over her back and down to her ass. The initial contact was new and exhilarating to Jean. She gasped slightly as Shannon's body came into contact with hers. She squeezed her ass cheeks firmly, pulling Jean into her groin. After a couple minutes of grinding their pelvis's together Shannon slid her hands up Jean's back and unzipped her dress. 

It didn't take long for Jean to slip into the eroticism of the moment. She was a fast learner, and it didn't hurt that she was so turned on she felt like she was going to crawl out of her skin. As Shannon was pulling down the zipper to her dress, she did the same for Shannon's. Then each lady took a step back and slid their dress off their shoulders and onto the floor. Both stared at the other's body, inspecting and admiring the other's physical attributes. 

Shannon reached out and caressed Jean's tits. "You really have delicious looking tits!" she complimented her. 

"Mmmmm! So do you!" Jean returned the compliment as she began to stroke Shannon's milk engorged juggs. "I love the way you nipples glisten from your milk." Jean lifted one of her tits as she dropped her head. "May I?" she asked, already knowing the answer. 

"Yes! Of course! It's been a long . . . " She hadn't finished her statement before Jean gently sucked in the nipple she was holding up. It had been a long time since Shannon had felt the warmth and softness of a woman's mouth suckling on one of her tits. It was like an electric shock went through her body and down to her pussy. "Aaaaahhhhhh!" Shannon moaned as she threw her head back. She cradled Jean's head in her hands and pulled her sucking mouth into her chest till Jean had difficulty breathing. 

Jean may have been somewhat new to this but she caught on quickly. She did everything to Shannon's tits that she enjoyed having done to hers. She sucked on the nipples gently while playing with them using the tip of her tongue. Shannon moaned with delight as her pussy began gushing down the inside of her thighs. Jean dropped her hand between Shannon's legs and began a slow sensuous massage of her swollen clit. 

Tommy could tell Shannon was on the verge of climaxing. He stood up and stepped up behind her. He could feel the heat radiating from her body. It took every ounce of self-control he had not to grab her, throw her on the bed and bury his cock in her pussy. "You don't come till you ask permission, and I grant it!" he said softly, yet authoritatively. 
