 Have you ever looked at an RV, a car or a new house and thought "wouldn't it be cool to break this place in?". And then the sales person leaves the room and you are tempted to take advantage of the time alone? I used to wonder what that would be like....now I don't have to wonder, I know, and it is so fucking hot I will never forget it. 

Sam answered an ad for a guy who said he would show an apartment he was trying to rent; and he would do it while in the nude. At first when Sam told me about it, I thought it sounded weird, but on the other hand it definitely caught my attention. Sam did a little corresponding with John, and after some thought we decided we would like to check it out. We made an appointment for John to show us his apartment the following week. Of course, that next week was way too far away for me to wait to be able to be with Sam. It had been a very long time since I was able to taste him and feel him and I was VERY ready to have him. And, I got the impression that he was just as interested in spending a little quality time with me (thank goodness!!!). 

I had the afternoon free so we decided to get together and have some fun. That same morning, Sam had sent an email to John with some pictures of me. John responded with his address and that he would be showing the apartment that afternoon if we wanted to stop by and check the place out. Having no other concrete plans, we thought we just might stop by to check it out; kind of a quick look around to be prepared for the following week. I truly didn't think John would be there when we arrived and figured we would just see the place at the time we originally agreed to. When we got out of the car downtown I wasn't even nervous. Imagine my surprise when we walked up stairs and John was there. Of course, Sam was totally smooth as always. I was so nervous I thought I had swallowed my tongue. John was waiting for a couple of people to come look at the apartment but he was interested in talking to us. His first comment to us was how rare it was to find a real couple answering an ad, and he stepped back welcoming us in. 

We followed him in as he showed us the apartment. It was kind of strange looking at it and commenting on it all the while knowing what our intent for that apartment was. We weren't looking to see if the bedroom would fit our furniture or if the kitchen's layout was correct, but instead we checked the privacy and the view that we could make. As I checked out the lower drawers, I felt the eyes of both Sam and John checking the view under my short skirt. As we checked out the lighting in the living room, John and Sam talked about the view I presented in front of them. We heard a knock at the door and John excused himself to do his first showing. Before he left, he had asked if we were nervous and before Sam had a chance to answer I blurted out that I was a little nervous. John just smiled at me and told me to relax. 

As he showed the perspective tenant the available cupboard space, Sam and I talked about the character of the older home and admired the craftsmanship of the woodwork. When he was done showing the apartment, Jeff came back to talk to us some more. He was asking us what kind of things we were into, exhibitionism, voyeurism, that kind of thing. We talked a little about being into exhibitionism and how he came to place his ad. As he was talking I became more comfortable with him. We were just talking right, nothing to be nervous about. During this time, John's second potential tenant arrived and took her short tour of the very small apartment. When John finally showed her out, he locked the door behind her. This made me a little nervous, but Sam seemed to be fine with it so I just went with that. 

John seemed pretty open and sure of himself and talked so easily about the stuff we were doing. Just like Sam. Me, I am always waiting for lightening to come and strike me down right there in the presence of the two men I am thinking about fucking. Well, one I am thinking about fucking....the other one I am planning on fucking over and over and over again. In the course of the conversation, John again told me to relax as he sensed my nerves. He seemed so comfortable himself. He and Sam talked like they had met at some function and were very comfortable making small talk. John told us that when he received the pictures Sam sent him he thought they were from the internet rather than being of me. He also commented on how good I looked. I could tell he was trying to ease my mind. 

In the process of the conversation, Sam and I stuck in little tidbits of information for John. Things like how my comfort was the driving force and how making praising comments to me helped build my self esteem. John seemed to be a pretty quick study and put these tips to use quite quickly. As the conversation wound down, John asked if we wanted to do a little showing off for him to watch or if we wanted to just keep it to a meet and greet. He added that he had a towel and some lube in the car if we were interested and he would be happy to watch. Of course, I completely locked up again. Sam, the man who never loses his cool, just reached over and pulled me close and started kissing me. Now this was not just any kiss, the passion in Sam's kiss was fairly exploding from my nerve endings and had to be obvious to John. With only a small pause in his kisses, Sam told John he might want to get his stuff from the car. John fairly ran out of the room and to his car. 

While John was gone and Sam was kissing me I was getting so hot. I was thinking of how much I would enjoy hopping up on the kitchen counter, pulling Sam between my legs and rubbing against him while I came over and over again. As I was thinking this and sliding myself up on the counter John returned. He suggested we move to the carpeted floor in the living room where we might be more comfortable. 

Sam took me by the hand and led me to the living room where he started kissing me and rubbing my tits. As Sam was undressing me, I looked over and saw that John was also was getting undressed. As Sam unbutton my shirt and started sucking on my nipples, John was making comments about how beautiful my breasts were. I focused on Sam mainly, as I usually do, because it gave me courage and made me so hot that I become more comfortable about myself. Occasionally I would look over and watch John, seeing his cock rock hard for what he was seeing and watching him stroking his cock slowly as he watched. As Sam undressed me John would talk to himself, or maybe to us, about what he saw or what he liked. 

Sam sat down and I moved in to suck his cock. I was between Sam's legs with my ass in the air and me legs spread so that John would have a pleasant view of my ass and my pussy. By the sounds John was making he was very much enjoying the show. I could hear him stroking his cock as the Vaseline he was using lubricated his stroke. As I stroked Sam's cock with my mouth John commented about how great it looked and he asked me if I liked the taste of Sam's hard cock. Without taking Sam's cock from my mouth, I replied to him that I liked the taste very much. John commented again, something about me giving Sam a blow job and Sam responded that I was very good at giving blow jobs. I could hear Sam's unsteady voice and I knew that he was being overcome with the feelings of my tongue on his cock as I slowly slid up and down the shaft with my lips. 

After a little while Sam whispered to me to ask me if I was ok with John touching. I said yes and continued to kiss and touch Sam. As I enjoyed Sam I heard him tell John it was Ok to come up and touch my pussy. I felt John come up behind me and I felt his hands exploring my pussy. He was tentative at first, touching very lightly. But as I continued to suck on Sam's cock, John began to pump his fingers in and out of my pussy and I started cumming. I know how much it turns Sam on to have me cumming while his cock is in my mouth and that made me cum even more. Sam was caressing me and kissing me and massaging my nipples and reaching down to caress my clit and I just kept cumming. It felt very, very good. 

We took a short break and as I sat back next to John I took his cock in my hand and began rubbing it. The entire time my hand was on his cock, his hand was on it also. I didn't know whether to think it was because it just felt good for him to have both hands caressing him or if it was his way of trying to protect himself a little since he didn't know anything about us. Sam asked John he had a condom with him. John said yes, but seemed very uncomfortable. After some thought he said that he wanted to just watch on our first meeting. Being the consummate hostess, I told him that was fine as Sam lay me back and moved between my legs. 

I knew this was going to be a great moment. I so enjoy it when Sam goes down on me and I very much was looking forward to feeling him sucking on my clit. And he so fucking made me scream. Sam moved my lips apart with his hands and took my clit in his mouth. He sucked on my clit and then licked it as he looked up at me from between my legs. He placed his chin against my pussy and he worked my clit with his mouth until I was screaming for him. As he was making me cum in one, very long, continuous orgasm, I was watching John. I was looking at his face and watching him stroke his cock and watching his cock stay very hard for what he was watching. 

John leaned closer to me and started to gently caress my right tit. It was the only time he had touched me other than to rub my pussy. And as I came and came and came, John watched my face and I looked into his eyes. Sam reached up and took my left nipple in his fingers in an attempt to show John what happened when my nipples were touched a little bit harder. Sam rolled my nipple between his fingers and the intensity of my orgasm increased as he stroked his tongue in and out of my pussy. Even with the additional suggestion from Sam, I did not notice that John made any changes. 

Eventually it came to be the time I had to have Sam's cock in my pussy and I remembered how Sam had told what a hot sight it would be to watch me while I rode a man's cock. With this in mind, I moved on top of Sam as he lay on his back slowly slid down his cock. I rode Sam until I came again. Sam reached around and grabbed my ass spreading my cheeks to make a nicer view for John. I could hear John moving around to get a better view and I could hear him commenting and telling Sam to fuck me with his cock. It was a little strange to have so much talk going on. It makes me very hot when Sam and I talk during sex, but it was so different to have that third view as given by John. 

We rolled over and Sam fucked me some more, again it felt amazing. I could still see John moving around to make sure that he had a good view and I was thinking how cool it was to have him watching this live porn. I took Sam's cock in my mouth and started sucking on it again and I could feel John touch me once more, very gently, though he did not do more. I think he was reluctant to do anything without knowing it was OK and I am not sure he wasn't a little overwhelmed by the whole show. I am pretty sure that Sam and I blew his mind that day. 

We took a final break and talked for a few minutes. John had said that this was the first time he had been so close while watching. He talked about wanting to see women in public who were scantily clad and Sam shared some stories about what has happened when we have been out together. 

Finally, Sam and I left the apartment to finish what we had started. We talked about what had happened that afternoon and I got hotter and hotter knowing that Sam had not cum yet and I was going to have the opportunity to make him cum. In the back seat of the car, Sam told me he wanted to have his cock in my mouth while I came and he proceeded to make me cum over and over again. The man knows my body so well and makes me cum so very easily. I was amazed that I was still that sensitive to what he was doing to me and I can't tell you how great it was to hear him telling me he was cumming and to swallow his cum. 

As we sat back talking about our afternoon, I commented that I still can't believe we had done that. This was the closest I had ever been to being picked up. I liken it to it being a little what it would be like if we had been out somewhere and by chance ran into someone and invited him to join us for some fun. And it just amazes me that we had a casual encounter like that. It was definitely another Penthouse Forum afternoon. 

You know, that makes me think.....maybe I should consider writing about some of our adventures and submitting them somewhere like Literotica.....nah....no one would believe it anyway. No one but me....and I will never forget.