 The next few months after Addison and Adam's first encounter, the two would get together a couple of times a week to have sex. Addison was always amazed how great Adam performed in bed, and she never got bored with his lovemaking. At work their fellow co-workers started to notice how much time they spent together and some of the women would tease Addison by congratulating her on such a great catch.

"We're just friends", Addison would insist, but even she noticed that Adam's sexual trysts with the women of the station had stopped and he was only with her on their free time. One day Addison spoke about it with Adam, telling him he was free to see other women. Adam explained that he didn't have a desire to see others and that what they had was satisfying. Addison understood. They weren't a couple, no matter how much the other ladies wanted to act jealous about it; they just simply weren't seeing other people. One afternoon, while Adam was on assignment, Addison decided to have lunch with Linda. It had been awhile since she sat down with her, and of course Linda was full of questions about Adam and what they had done. Since it was Linda that really started the ball rolling with Addison's pursuit of Adam, she felt obligated to share with her, despite the fact that Linda would just end up telling the other ladies. Linda asked Adison if Adam had introduced Greg to her. Greg was Adam's best friend through college, he had mentioned Greg once when Addison was over his house and Greg called while the two were in the middle of sex, but that was the only time he talked about him. 

"Why would he introduce him to me?" Addison asked.

"Let's put it this way" Linda answered "as great as it is to be with Adam, a night with those two is something you will never forget."

"You mean a threesome!?" Addison said shocked. Addison wasn't jealous, but shocked that Adam would try something like that. 

"Apparently those two have made a great team since their days in college. Kelly got it on with them too, she can tell you how fabulous they are."

Addison wasn't going to ask Kelly about it, she wanted to talk to Adam. That night on the drive to his apartment, Addison's shock and bewilderment turned into curiosity. She started imagining herself with two men and if the other was as skilled as Adam, perhaps Linda was right. She recalled Linda's eyes and how she looked when she told Addison about Greg. Addison could tell it truly was an experience Linda never forgot. By the time Addison got to his apartment she was completely turned on but started the conversation with her inquiry of Greg and how many threesomes they have had.

"Yeah it's something we've done from time to time. We had a few in college and a couple since I started working at the station, when Greg would visit" Adam figured Linda or Kelly would eventually tell Addison. He didn't expect her to get excited or angry about it. What came next surprised Adam, since he thought Addison was offended. 

"How come you never introduced him to me?" Addison asked.

Adam was taken aback. "Addison, I'm not hiding you from him. It's just when we started seeing each other, you seemed... inexperienced. I just thought being with two men might be too much for you right now." 

"Why?" she asked. 

"Being with two guys can be intimidating and uncomfortable for a woman until she knows she is sure she wants to try it"

"I wanna try it" Addison told Adam.

"I should warn you about one thing with Greg, he loves to DP."

"What's DP?" she asked.

"While I'm fucking your pussy, Greg will fuck your ass. He loves to fuck women in their ass and since we have never had anal, I thought..."

Adam was right; it was something Addison never tried. She could remember as far back as Sharon in college telling her about it, even telling Addison how much Sharon enjoyed it, but Addison wasn't interested in that then. But she was now.

"...that since we have never done it, I wouldn't try it?" she finished his words. "Maybe I want to try it."

"Oh you do huh" Adam said with a smile. He walked closer to Addison, running his fingers through her hair and cupping her head. He started to kiss her while asking, "You wanna be fucked in your ass?"

Addison could tell that Adam was as turned on as she was, she responded with her kisses and told him, "Yes I do".

Adam guided Addison into his bedroom while still kissing her passionately and feverishly. She positioned her to the side of his bed and then spun Addison around with her back facing him. Continuing his kisses on her neck, he guided his hands down to the front of her jeans and undid them, sliding them and her panties down to her knees. Then with a bit of force, not violently but with command he pushed Addison down to where she was laying on the bed with her feet still touching the floor and she was bent over the edge of the bed with her ass exposed. Adam undid his pants and started to stroke his cock taking mere seconds until his erection was full. Addison turned her head to see behind her and she watched Adam open the night table next to his bed and take out a tube of something. He squeezed out a large portion onto his fingers and then brought his hand to her ass. She could feel the gel being applied to her asshole; Adam was working it around it as well as sliding his fingers in her to lube her ass even deeper. The gel was cold but Adam's fingers were sliding right in easily. 

"Relax baby, don't fight it. You have to make sure you're not tensed up back there or it might hurt" Addison was a bit intimidated by this new sensation and was probably clenching a bit, but she took Adams advice and began to relax more and stopped fighting his fingers. 

While Adam was lubing her ass, he applied more gel to his cock and started to spread it over his erect cock by stroking it. When he knew both his cock and her asshole were nice and slick, Adam got on his feet and position himself to fuck Addison while she was hanging over the edge of his bed. Addison could feel the head of his cock being pressed against her asshole, again she tensed up and his voice telling her to relax again took the nervousness away and she soon felt it pushing in her. When he was able to work the head of his cock in her the rest came much easier as he slowly worked his cock deeper in her ass. It was a weird sensation, but Addison liked how it felt. It was much different than having her pussy fucked, but still a good feeling. When Adam went as deep as he felt he could he slowly began to pull his cock out until his head was almost out, he applied another coating of the gel all over the length of his cock and proceeded to push back into her. When he felt she was ready, Adam started to fuck Addison's ass. His strokes were long and increasing in speed with each thrust. 

"How do you like getting fucked in the ass baby?" 

"I love it" she answered.

Adam then pulled Addison up and positioned her knees on the bed underneath her. She was in doggie position and he really started to give it to her. He loved how tight her ass was and was amazed with the pounding he was giving her. She never expressed any pain, just moans of pleasure as he pumped his cock deeper and faster in her ass. It only took about 10 more minutes until Adam exploded deep in her ass with a powerful blast of his cum. Although this was the shortest session of sex they had had, they were both physically spent but satisfied. 

"I'll give Greg a call" Adam said before he jumped in the shower with Addison following behind him.

Addison didn't have to wait long for her new fantasy to happen. The next weekend she got a call on her phone, it was Adam who asked, "So are you ready to meet Greg?"

"Is he there" she asked with excitement.

"Yeah, why don't you come over". Addison jumped into her car and drove with a giddiness and excitement she hadn't felt in a long time. When Adam answered the door, he met her with a long kiss and brought her into the living room of his apartment. Addison noticed the room was empty. 

"Is Greg on his way?" she asked with a hint of disappointment. She thought she might have to wait longer for this to happen. 

"Oh no, he's here" Adam answered. 

"Where is he?" she said looking around. 

"First let's get you out of these" Adam said as he began to disrobe Addison. Addison was shy about the thought of meeting a stranger completely nude. But followed and trusted Adam's plan. When he got her completely undressed, Adam took Addison by the hand and walked her to his bedroom, but the door was closed.

"Open it" he said with a smile. Addison was a bit nervous, could he be playing a prank. Could Greg not even be in the room and this was just a big tease? Her hands had a little tremor of excitement and nervousness as she reached for the handle and turned it. Addison slowly opened the door and noticed the room was dark, except for the faint glow of the candles on each side of Adam's bed. The candles illuminated the room enough to show the figure of the man lying in the middle of the bed. It was Greg and he too was completely nude and stroking his erect cock as Addison took a step in.

Adam walked up behind her and whispered in her ear, "Why don't you say hi to Greg". Addison knew exactly what he meant and she slowly approached the front of the bed, looking at the man lying there totally nude. His body wasn't as athletic as Adam, he had a thinner frame but he was attractive. Addison got on the foot of the bed and began to crawl up to Greg between his legs; it was there she got a perfect view of his cock. He was completely erect and had a cock that was longer than Adam's but thinner, it had a slight curve to it but she thought it looked very appealing. Addison was now on her hands and knees between Greg's legs and had grabbed ahold of his cock, she looked up to his eyes and said, "Hi Greg".

"Hi Addison, nice to meet you" Greg responded and with that Addison took his cock into her mouth. As she slid her lips up and down his cock, Greg cupped the back of Addison's head and moaned "Oh, yeah". As Addison worked Greg's cock with her mouth, Adam knelt on the floor behind Addison and began to lick her pussy from behind. He cupped her ass cheeks and spread them, licking up and down her pussy. It was at this moment that the realization of the situation hit Addison. She was sucking one man's dick while another was eating her pussy. This small-town girl never thought she would be in bed with two men at the same time and the reality of what was going on just made her incredibly excited. 

"MMMMM, baby, your pussy is so wet" Adam said and the news was no surprise to Addison. She continued to suck Greg's shaft, licking up and down and even running her tongue over his balls every now and then. In the meantime, Adam was expertly licking her pussy, sucking on her pussy lips and even licking up to her ass and rimming it. Something Adam never did but Addison loved the sensation of his wet tongue running around her asshole. This continued for the next few minutes, and Adam could hear Addison feverishly sucking Greg, making Adam want some of her mouth. He quickly disrobed and jumped on the bed on his knees, kneeling to the side of where Addison's mouth was. Now Addison had two cock inches from her head, one underneath her and the other to the side. Addison went back and forth between the two men by simply turning her head. While propping herself on her elbows, he had a hold of both of their cocks in each hand. She just imagined that a college aged Addison would never dream she would have two perfect cocks like this, sucking them. 

She would have loved to have done this longer but Greg announced he had to fuck Addison now, he told her to keep that position while he jumped up from his prone position. Adam gladly took Greg's place lying in front of Addison to get his dick sucked. Greg got on his knees behind her and guided his cock in her, thinking that Adam was absolutely correct in how wet she was. It didn't take long before his strokes became harder and faster. His thrust made her whole body sway back and forth and she realized she didn't have to move herself to go up and down Adam's cock. 

She simply let the motion of her body do the work as she kept it in her mouth and enjoyed her lips stroking Adam's cock. Greg really enjoyed the feel of Addison's pussy, it was tight but she could take a good pounding, while he fucked her he slid his thumb in her ass, she knew what he was getting her ready for thanks to Adam's telling her how much Greg loved to fuck women in the ass. As she continued to suck Adam's cock, she enjoyed the sensation of Greg fucking her while he was readying her asshole for what was next. It wasn't long before Adam told Addison to climb up and ride his cock. As Addison got on top of Adam and slid down his erection with her pussy, Greg went to Adam's night table and took the familiar tube of gel and repeated the same preparation that Adam did a few days ago lubing up Addison's ass and his cock. While Adam's cock was buried deep in her, Greg eased his cock into her. Since his cock head and shaft were slightly thinner than Adam's, Greg's dick slid much easier than her first time with Adam. Once he was deep inside her the two began to fuck both Addison's pussy and ass. All Addison could think of was Linda's prediction of how much she would enjoy these two stud's expertise fucking. 

Both really knew their way around each hole, Adam's cock filling her pussy so nicely and Greg's sliding his cock in and out of her ass. She really loved it when their cocks were out of sync with one pulling out while the other was being thrust in, like a couple of pistons working an engine. Addison just couldn't get over the sensation of two cocks in her body at the same time. The sensation of slight pain mixed in with immeasurable pleasure was intoxicating. Addison just screamed and moaned in delight, the guys were as vocal as well telling her how great her pussy and ass felt. She informed the men she was about to cum, as her body began to convulse and spasm wildly with the two men continuing their fucking. Addison orgasmed but the men didn't slow down or stop until a few minutes later when they decided to change positions. They laid Addison on her side, so she could feel more comfortable and Greg laid behind her spooning her while he slipped his cock back into her asshole. Adam took the front of her on his knees and slipped his cock back in her in a kneeling position.

They continued to fuck her with Greg cupping Addison's breast, and Adam holding one of her legs in the air. Their cocks were deep in her and never slowed down their uninhibited thrust until Greg announced he was going to cum. Addison could feel Greg's semen filling her ass and it was only a minute longer that Adam was shooting his cum deep in her pussy. 

Although the three had just spent over an hour of raw physical sex, all three were as game as when they started and they took their passion with them into the bathroom where Addison enjoyed a wet and wild shower with the two men, complete with a lot of kisses, fondling and a double hand job for the two studs while they played with her body. She begged the men for one more double fucking right there on the bathroom floor, but requested that Adam fuck her ass and Greg fuck her pussy, which the men obligated her request. This time the trio came together, seconds apart and that would end Addison's first threesome.

That Monday morning Addison had a tough time at work; her mind was distracted with the image of what she had done that weekend with the two men. Sitting there at her desk she could hardly concentrate on the reports she had to finish, with her mind still being blown away with the memory of being fucked in her ass and pussy by two absolute studs.

Two weeks later, late in the evening Addison received a call from Adam, she was excited to hear from him because he had been away for the last four days for a convention for cameramen working in the field of broadcasting. His voice however was strange and all he asked was if he could come over. They needed to talk.

"What's wrong" Addison asked.

"Let me tell you when I get there" Adam said in a sullen voice.

As it turned out while Adam was at the convention, he spoke to some representatives of a major network's sports department that were looking for experienced cameramen. Adam said he just got off the phone with a job offer that would have to make him move. It was too good of an offer to pass up and he always wanted to eventually go to sport's broadcasting. He apologized to Addison for the sudden news and promised her if he was ever near, he would visit her if she wanted. Addison took the news as well as she could have, she told Adam she understood and wished him well. He told her he had to start getting ready for the move and said he would call her later. 

After Adam left, Addison lightly wept but strangely she wasn't sad in the way most would think she should be. She cared for Adam and would miss him but she knew she was sad because she was going to miss out on the greatest sex she ever had. Addison thought she would never have a lover as good as Adam. What she didn't know was she was wrong, and it would only be a few months before she would experience a lover that even made her get over Adam.