 It was very late when they finally reached the front door.

They had wined and dined and whiled the night away… almost forgetting they had promised to be home around midnight. It was now closer to two. They both entered the house softly, not wanting to disturb the babysitter. They were glad she had asked to stay over that night to make it easier for them. 

They had both laughed over their meal at having to give her a good tip for her generosity. Tanya had teased him saying she knew the sort of tip he’d like to give her. The babysitter was about eighteen, she was a tall blonde who’d looked after their kids a few times before. Tanya thought she was too thin, but then again, she’d been that size at that age too. Joe had often found himself staring at her and wondering what it would be like with an eighteen year old again. 

They both stopped when they heard the noise in the lounge. They moved forward unsure what they would find. They both stood in amazement as they viewed the scene before them.

The baby sitter was lying on the couch. She was naked, her eyes closed, her hand wrapped around one of the larger cucumbers from their fridge. She was riding it with a passion, her breasts pert and nipples hard, her blonde bush swallowing the green length. She was moaning, obviously about to cum.

Tanya found herself entranced. She felt a warm shiver run down her. She looked to Joe, knowing what his response would be. He glanced sideways briefly before tearing his eyes back. She was cumming now, writhing and moaning.

Joe was hard. He watched her as the pace slowed, felt his cock rising and wanting. He glanced at Tanya, knew she was excited. She had begun to caress herself. She was running her hands around her breasts, caressing her nipples. He looked back to the baby-sitter who still was fucking herself on his lounge. He closed his eyes for a moment….

When he opened them Tanya was slowly sliding off her dress. She wore nothing beneath and he remembered he had promised her something special tonight. Her hand was running between her legs and he knew she’d be hot.

“Join her…..” he suggested.

She looked at him. Her green eyes locked with his for a second. She smiled tentatively then grinned as she reached over and felt him.

“You’d like to see that, Joe?” she whispered to him.

He nodded silently.

She leaned forward and kissed him. Her mouth was fiery beneath his, her tongue long and searching. 

“For you.” She stated softly.

She broke off her kiss and moved over to the lounge. The baby sitter looked up at the noise. She looked surprised and sheepish at first, but then seemed to quickly take in the situation. A smile crossed her face and she beckoned Tanya towards her. Tanya sat beside her, a bit hesitantly. The baby sitter reached out her hand, took Tanya’s in hers and directed it to her breast. She leaned forward to kiss Tanya, bringing her mouth upon hers. Joe watched in fascination knowing it was the first time Tanya had ever kissed another woman. He saw her hesitancy, and then saw her begin to respond. Tanya’s hand was playing with the baby sitter’s breasts, their tongue sliding in and out together in a sensual swordplay he found so erotic. He found himself stroking, watching his wife and the baby sitter as they kissed on the lounge. His wife stroked the baby sitter’s body running her hand down until she felt the large toy the sitter still used. Tanya looked down watching in fascination as she felt the sitter’s other hand clasp hers. Felt her hand being wrapped around the cool length. Felt the rhythm as the sitter helped her push it in and out of her blonde pussy. She saw the breasts, nipples hard and lowered her mouth, feeling the fleshy softness around the nipple, feeling the different texture of the nipple compared to his. She suckled and licked the sitter’s breasts as her hand continued to push the dildo in and out of her pussy. She felt her shivering beneath her, feeling herself starting to cum at the thought of what she was doing. 

Tanya looked down again and knew she couldn’t resist. She turned herself around, bringing her mouth down towards the blonde pussy. Her mouth found the hard nodule of the sitter’s clit running it under her tongue and nibbling at it, as she’d remembered her lover had always done to her. She heard the moans and lost herself, she felt the sitter orgasm again and again as she licked her clit and fucked her. She wanted to taste her. Wanted to know what another woman’s cum tasted like. She withdrew the toy and bent her mouth to sup.

The silky smoothness of the flesh met her tongue, the taste a wet sweetness that was hard to describe, but she found herself pushing her tongue further and further into her pussy, trying to taste more.

Joe watched in wrapt ecstasy unable to tear his eyes from them. The sitter had now lowered her mouth to Tanya, and they were licking and fingering each other quite contentedly. He stroked himself watching the two of them pleasuring each other. He saw them both begin to quiver amazed at the writhing flesh before him, his Tanya’s voluptuous responses coupled with the moans of the sitter. He saw the sitter’s hand reach out, saw her as she found the toy she’s been pleasuring herself with. She put it to Tanya, slowly sliding it into her hot red pussy. Tanya came feeling the cool length fill her she fell to fucking the sitter with her fingers, putting more and more into her blonde pussy. Her fingers were disappearing into the warm embrace of the sitter’s pussy. She delved her hand in, pushing hard and feeling the blonde arching herself, pushing down on her hand. 

Joe watched the two of them, his wife pushing her hand in and out of the blonde woman, whilst she herself was fucked by their large toy. They came again and again, slowing and speeding up as they rode the other. Joe’s stroking slowed, he could feel his own response, he wanted his own release, but not sure which he wanted the most. He wanted Tanya, but the blonde pussy was so young, so tempting….

As if knowing his need Tanya looked towards him, smiled and beckoned to him. He joined them. He sat between them on the lounge. Tanya kissed him in welcome, knowing he would taste the sitter on her. He felt the two women surround him. He closed his eyes. He felt kisses anoint his body, felt wet mouths caress his skin, unsure who it was, but knowing he liked the feeling.

He felt his nipples being sucked, his cock being caressed and a tongue slowly circling around his head. He recognised the touch, the feel, felt Tanya’s mouth enclose him and ride his cock with her mouth, he tried to resist, wanted to keep himself, but found himself ready to burst, felt his cum rising and wanting release. Tanya stopped her onslaught kissing him softly rolling him towards the sitter. He found himself between her legs his cock straining as it rammed itself into her blonde pussy. He bore himself down, clutching at her pert breasts as he plunged his cock into her. He felt a warm wetness enclose his balls, felt Tanya’s mouth as she sucked on him. Her tongue ran down further behind his balls onto the sensitive skin before it found his ass. He felt the tongue slowly ring his ass, felt his cock being wrapped in the sitter’s tight pussy. He felt Tanya’s mouth return to his balls, felt her hands caress his buttocks. He felt his cum laden balls being sucked, his ass being played with, his cock plunging into a warm pussy as he was fucked by his wife and the sitter.

Joe could hold back no more. He heard Tanya’s moans, heard the sitter, he joined his own to theirs. He pumped his cock into her faster and faster. He felt Tanya’s hands on his ass pushing him into her. She was increasing the tempo. The rhythm was building and building, faster and faster, harder and harder until he was shooting his load into the blonde sitter’s pussy. They all seemed to heave in a shivering pile. All wrapped in their own orgasmic world of lust. 

They were quiet for a long time afterwards.

“So when do you want me next to look after the kids?” the sitter finally broken the silence.

Joe and Tanya looked at each other, a gleam in their eyes.

“Soon.” They replied together. “Very soon.”