 "Why do you think you can fuck my sister?!"

I looked up in horror to see Brandon staring us in this position. 

"Relax, B. She's just your step sister. Besides, I was just doing a favour to her. Did you know she was a virgin?" Keith answered while still having his cock inside my pussy.

"I know that, dude. She's hot, and I actually intended to take her virginity on the summer. Now my plans are ruined." Brandon ran his finger in his hair, looking frustrated. 

"What the hell, Brandon?!" I was shocked hearing what he said. He wanted to take my virginity? Does he even look at me that way?

"I'm sorry, Aileen. First time I saw you, I already thought you're hot. It doesn't make it easier living with you this past year. I don't know how many cold showers and jerking offs I was through when I looked at you being sexy as hell. Sometimes I went out with girls and ask them for blowjobs and imagine it was your lips on my dick. I know you're serious with your studies, that's why I didn't bother you throughout the year, I want you to loosen up yourself before I introduce you to sex life."

I blinked. I couldn't help but wander to his crotch. It had grown to a good bulge and I started to wonder what it looks like inside.

"Alright, " I started to consider having sex with my own step brother. "How about I give you a blowjob?"

Brandon's eyes widened. "Are you serious?"

"Yeah. Get off me, Keith."

Keith pulled his dick off my pussy, and sat on the chair by the desk, watching both of us. "You guys are crazy."

"It's called seizing the opportunity, Keith." I went down on my knees for the second time today.

Brandon started to unzip his jeans and pulled out a white dick smaller than Keith's. I still got shocked though, I really hadn't seen a lot of dicks.

"Wow." I grabbed his dick in a full grip. It felt similar and different in the same time. "How big are you Brandon?"

"7 inch. I know Keith's is bigger, but he's black so it's obvious."

I slide his length inside my mouth until it hit the back of my throat. 

"Wow your mouth is so soft, Aileen."

I ran my tongue down to his balls and back up again to give the tip of his cock a slurp.

"Damn that was good. Your mouth feels so good on my dick, Aileen."

I bobbed my head like I did to Keith's dick, this time I tried to push it past my gag reflex. Brandon moaned.

I pulled it out and jack him off with my hand while I licked his mushroom head in circle, focusing on the under side. Another trick I heard from a friend. I put it back inside my mouth and suck it good.

"Fuuuuck, Aileen, you need to stop now," Brandon pushed me gently. I looked at him confused.

"I need to put my dick inside you, right now," He pulled me up and and lied on the bed. "Ride me."

I straddled his hips and with my hand, guided his hard cock to my pussy. I felt the head pushing through my lips as I lowered my hips. I stopped when our crotches met. I closed my eyes, trying to savour the feeling of the second cock that entered me tonight.

"Move," ordered Brandon. I moved my hips up and down. "Again," and I did. "Again, and don't stop." I started fucking him cowgirl style. I took his hand and place it on my boobs. His dick was not bigger than Keith but I like it just the same.

"Does it turn you on that you're fucking your step brother?"

"Oh yeah, it definitely does." I quickened my pace because it started to feel really great.

"Wait," Brandon put his hands on my hips to stop me. "I still wanna take your virginity. Get off me and get on your four."

"What do you mean?" I questioned while doing what he ordered me. I felt his hands spreading my butt cheeks and something blunt and wet touched my asshole. "Oh."

"I'll be gentle, I promise," said Brandon.

His cock was already lubricated with a mixture of my spit and my juice so it was no trouble getting it inside my ass. It hurt a little more than when Keith broke my hymen, so I let out a little whimper.

"Ow."

"Sorry."

He pushed a little bit slower and more gently until his cock was completely buried in my ass.

"How do you feel, Aileen?"

"I feel full, but alright. You can move now."

He started thrusting out and in slowly. It started to feel good so I moaned.

"Oh wow this feels really great."

"You like it don't you? You like it that your step brother took your anal virginity and now he's fucking your ass."

"Yes! Yess... I love it! I love having my step brother's dick in my ass!" 

Brandon was fucking my ass in a quick pace now. I turned my head and saw Keith jacking off his now fully hard black cock.

"Wow, it does get back up real quick, huh?"

"Well the view is very helpful, though."

"Come here, Keith, I can use my mouth for a better thing."

Keith got up quickly and walked to my side. He guided his cock to my mouth because I need my arms to support myself in this position.

"Oh yeah Aileen, your mouth is way better than my hand."

I couldn't move my head much from being fucked in the ass doggy style, so Keith did the moving and fucked my mouth.

"Incredible mouth, right, Keith?" asked Brandon.

"Yeah but nothing beats her tight pussy."

"I don't mind if you wanna fuck her pussy."

"What, are you done, B?"

"Nope," Brandon slowed down his thrusting. I spit out Keith's dick and looked around to see Brandon. He continued, "but I can do this." Out of a sudden, he flipped me up so now I was laying on top of him while still having his dick buried in my ass.

"There, pussy available."

"You're nuts," said Keith while spreading my legs. "I told you this is just going to get better." And with that, he slowly inserted my pussy.

I thought it was impossible but when Keith was deep buried there's nothing that could compare the pleasure of having two dicks filling both your holes. 

Both cock were now thrusting in and out in harmony. Brandon thrust his cock in and Keith pulled back until only his head inside. Then Keith pushed back in, so Brandon would pulled back. They both fucked my holes like piston.

I felt like I was in heaven. I never thought I would lost my virginity to a big black cock like Keith's, then lost my anal virginity to my own step brother. I sure never imagined having my first double penetration on the same night. I closed my eyes as I enjoyed the feeling of two cocks rubbing inside me, only separated by a thin membrane between my pussy and my asshole.

"Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuuuuuuck, I really love getting fucked with two dicks."

All the pleasure was overwhelming and I soon felt the now familiar build on the lower parts of my body.

"I'm coming," I announced while matching my hips movement between the two of them. "I can't take this anymore, this feels too gooood... Fuck!"

"Me too, I'm so close," Keith grabbed my tits to steady himself as he fastened his thrusting.

"Wait, I'm nearly there," Brandon gripped my hips to catch up with Keith.

Suddenly Keith pinched my nipples hard. I screamed hard because that made me cum.

"Fuuuuuuuuuuuuck!"

My whole body shuddered from head to toe as waves of orgasmic bliss flushed from my core. My pussy walls were clenching Keith's cock so hard it made him cum.

"Argh! Yeah! Fuck," Keith erupted inside of me. I felt like he cummed much more than he did the first time. Warm goo was flooding the entrance of my womb as Keith slammed his dick deep inside to prolong his orgasm.

It felt like hours until both of us relaxed. I noticed that Brandon also stopped moving. 

"Did you cum too, Brandon?"

"Not yet, but I'm almost there. Get off Keith."

Keith got up and sat on the chair, still panting. With a slurp, Brandon pulled his dick out of my asshole and move aside then get on top of me.

"I wanna cum inside your pussy too. I know you're not on pills and it turns me on so bad to cum inside my very fertile step sister. Although Keith might already knocked you up."

I was still in a daze to digest what he said. Brandon slammed inside my now very juicy pussy and fucked me hard to finish himself. He put one hand on my clit and suddenly I was there again, working my way to orgasm. I was surprised I could get horny again but there was no time to talk as I tried to match his pace with my already tired hips. It wasn't long until I finished my journey.

"Yes, Brandon, right there. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes!!"

"Aileen!"

I locked my heels on Brandon's ass as I felt his warm liquid joining what was left of Keith's cum inside my pussy. Millions of mixed sperms were right now swimming to my egg as I felt my orgasm subsided.

Brandon pulled out and lied next to me. I could feel all their spunk gushing out of my pussy. My body was sore in every part, but it was a good kind of sore.

I gave Brandon a french kiss. "Thank's brother." I rolled to my side to face Keith. "Come here, Keith, there's still some space for you."

Keith lied down on the other side of me. I gave him another french kiss. "Thank's Keith. Thank's, both of you. I don't think I can walk tomorrow."

Both guys gave me a tired laugh.

"Mission accomplished, then."

All three of us laughed until we all passed out.