 Ah, alone. A man can truly savor being alone sometimes. My line of work keeps me very busy on its own. Then there's the half of the week that I have my youngest son. Since the divorce, I do so much to keep my mind occupied and having him certainly does that. But I didn't have him that day. It's just me and the low him of the air conditioner. How is a single guy to spend the alone time? I planned on relieving a little personal tension. Still keeping things in the bedroom, I stripped from my work uniform and tossed it in the hamper. After loading my favorite porn flick into the DVD player, I laid back and watched the movie begin. 

The scene unfolded with my favorite starlet laying on her bed fantasizing just as I was. As she slid her glass dildo in and out of her wet hole, I began to touch myself. My cock slowly rose to full attention when I started massaging my balls. The porn queen imagined herself with a huge Roman soldier. She quickly found her way to his fleshy spear and began to run her tongue down his length. I was amazed at the petite blonde bombshell's ability to deep throat such a large prick. Watching her head bobbing back and forth, I began to stroke myself. I imagined my cock in her throat. 

I'm not a small guy by any stretch of the imagination. At 6'3 and 210lbs, my athletic physique reflects my days spent in the gym and hides my 32 years of youth. I often wonder how I would measure up to these mega cocks when I watch these movies. My eight inches of hard dick doesn't leave any woman I've ever been with complaining. 

The soldier has taken control of her and bends her over the chair. He fucks her furiously from behind. I'm starting to get into the scene now. The rhythm of her pleased moans causes my hips to rock in sync. I haven't had a good fuck in far too long. 

Knock knock knock. 

"Son of a bitch! Are you kidding me? Who could be knocking now? Two more minutes! All I needed was two more minutes!" Those were a few selected mumbles that I uttered as I threw on a pair of workout shorts and headed to the front door. 

"Hey Cess, what's up?"

Cecelie had been my youngest son's babysitter for the last year. She just graduated high school and was spending the summer with her dad before going off to college. She had a petite frame but her curves made her an absolute fantasy of every straight boy in her school. She was about 5'2 and just over 100 lbs. In the fall, she was a cheerleader and she ran track in the spring. Her tanned and toned legs always garnered her great attention. This day would be no different. Her white sundress had a purple floral print. There was nothing but pure flesh from the bottom of the dress down to her favorite flip flops. Her long, wavy brown hair was pulled back, but draped over the thin strap of her dress on her shoulder which led my eyes down to her full cleavage. She gave me a coy smile when she noticed me checking her out. 

"I remember hearing you say that you hadn't seen this movie yet," handing me the newly released comedy. "Someone gave it to me for my birthday last week and I don't have a BluRay player but I knew you did, so I thought I'd see if you wanted it."

"Wow, thanks! That was very thoughtful of you. Come on in ladies, if you're not in a rush to go anywhere."

"Jason, this is my best friend Tori. She's on the track team and the cheerleading squad and, well, I guess you could say we do pretty much everything together. Tori, this is Jason, the father of the cutest little boy anywhere. Where is my little buddy anyway?"

"He's with his mom today. It's nice to meet you Tori please come in and have a seat." I pointed them to the den where my home theater was. 

Tori seemed a little more tomboyish than my young babysitter. Her hair was jet black. I could tell she was in great shape, like Cecelie, but it was difficult to very much about the details of her body beneath her loose fitting tee shirt. 

They both glanced at my shorts as they came in. Shit! My bulge was easily seen through the thin material of my shorts since I didn't bother to put on any underwear on my way to the door. 

"So where is your little boy today? You guys aren't going to the park or anything?"

"Nah, he's with his mom today. I needed a little 'Me' time to catch up on things."

Cecelie walk towards me with lust in her eyes. Taunting. Alluring. "And just what needs catching up on? I hope we didn't interrupt you."

The softly spoken words caused my dick to swell as if commanded. Her hand was on my bare chest. I think she was trying to make my heart actually pound through my chest. I broke my gaze from her tender brown eyes back to Tori, who had perched herself on the armrest of my love seat beside me. Her creamy leg had rubbed against mine as she sat. She couldn't seem to take her eyes off the bulge of my crotch. 

"Hey Jason, I've got to use the bathroom. You should tell Tori about your artwork." Turning to her friend, "He has a great insight into people!"

I felt slightly dirty as I watched her tight ass sashay down the hallway. 

"She's such a tease!" said Tori, who had noticed the deliberate manner that Cess had left. Looking back to me, she commented "You seem to like it though." Again, she looked to the front of my shorts. "So, what kind of artwork do you do?" 

Though I didn't make my profession in art, I could have if I hadn't made the choice to be a father. Fatherhood is much more worthwhile, and I never complain about it. 

I showed her to a couple of my paintings that I had in my living room and then walked her into my painting studio, where I showed her my portfolio. She was particularly interested in the nudes. There was an intimacy with her towards them. I was very surprised. Cecelie had been the same way when I showed her. These two girls were birds of a feather. 

"Did you ask all of these people to pose for you?"

"I asked some of them, but most of them came to me."

"They just wanted to be naked in a painting for you?"

"Better. They paid to be naked in a painting for me. A few of them wanted to be more than just painted, but I don't mix work with pleasure. That may change after the work is done though. I don't see the world the same as most people. Form and flesh move me as the orchestra moves the ballet dancer. Every curve, every subtle change in color from the life giving blood sings to me. They give my heart life and my life meaning."

I couldn't help but notice, as I expressed my passion about my work, that she had began to lightly rub her breast. Her arousal had become even clearer when she moved closer to me. She looked at me wantingly. Her hungry brown eyes went from mine, down my smooth chest and stomach, once again to my cock which was straining to escape my shorts now. 

"Cess was right about you, Jason. You are intensely sexy! How long have you been single now? She says about a year but I can't see how that's possible. She talks about you all of the time. Do you notice that she wears her hottest clothes when she comes to see you? She really felt bad for you during your divorce and wanted to make you feel better. She just didn't know what to say or do."

"It's probably best that she didn't do anything then. The hole left in my heart by my ex-wife was terrible. I needed time to find myself again. I just buried myself into work and my children until I healed enough. Truthfully, I've noticed Cecelie for years. I've watched her come into her body and seen her grow emotionally. I would never have thought that she would want an older guy like me though. I'm nearly twice her age. She could easily have any boy her own age that she wanted."

"That's just it. She doesn't want a boy. She wants a man and, from what I see, you're all man!"

"Speaking of Cecelie... where is she? She's been gone a little too long."

I walked down the hallway toward the main bathroom, which was just across the hall from my bedroom. As I neared the door, I heard the low, steady moans of a woman nearing orgasm and the familiar sounds of flesh pounding against flesh. Opening the bedroom door slightly. My heart fluttered to see my sweet, innocent babysitter with her hand tucked down her light purple panties, poking into her perfect pristine pussy. Her other hand was massaging her full breast and playing with her nipple beneath her bra as she lay there enjoying the movie I had begun watching earlier. Tori quietly came up behind me and peeked over my shoulder to get a glimpse of the show. She rested a hand on my hip but then snaked its way beneath the waistband of my shorts. She began tugging on my endowment. 

"Don't be ashamed Jason. You should want to fuck her. I would! She wants you to fuck her. Go to her. Let her feel a man inside of her."

Cecelie had just climaxed. I entered the room slowly when her eyes shut. 

"Oh shit!" she exclaimed. "I'm so sorry. After I finished in the bathroom, I wanted to sneak a peak into your bedroom and saw this movie paused. I've never watched a porno before. I guess I shouldn't be surprised you have them. Does this kind of stuff turn you on? I..."

I interrupted her embarrassed ramble with a firm and deep kiss. She laid back as my tongue massaged hers. With one hand, I caressed her cheek and held her head to mine. With the other, I lightly slid my fingers along the inside of her knee. She parted her legs for me, accepting me as I traveled slowly, softly up her thigh. I felt the heat from her dripping treasure box before I could even get close to its tender folds. 

"What turns me on..." I whispered "is you. Everything about you is sultry and sensual. I have spent many nights fantasizing about you being in my bed. I wondered how tightly your innocent little flower would grip my thick cock as it penetrated into you."

As if on cue my shorts were pulled down my legs, allowing my meaty manhood to spring free before her eyes. Tori had not been content with watching the show, so she made her way into the room to be a part of it. 

"Oh," gasped Cecelie "It's huge! My last boyfriend bragged about having the biggest dick in the locker room but you put him to shame."

Her small hand wrapped around the base of my shaft and started stroking its length. A drop of pre-cum formed at the tip of my dick. Wiping it with her finger tip, she tasted me. "mmm, sweet." She had found her new favorite flavor. 

I climbed onto the bed with her and she playfully pushed me over so that I was laying on my back. She bent over me and held my dick to the side of her face. 

"Let's see how much of the monster I can fit in my mouth." 

I looked down my body to her as she licked my hard on from its base to tip and back down again. She took one of my balls into her mouth and hummed with delight. Wow! What an amazing feeling! Smiling, she worked her way back to the top of my dick. She was teasing me with expertise. Finally, she took me into her mouth. Her warm lips slowly inched their way down. Tori moved in behind her friend. I watched her reach up her friend's dress and pull off her cum sweetened panties. Cess resumed her position but left her legs opened slightly, allowing her best friend access to rub her bare mons. Tori readily obliged, but not before she had stripped out of her shorts and tee shirt. In her matching emerald green bra and panties, she positioned herself at the foot of the bed so she could continue her efforts on Cecelie. A welcomed moan escaped with her breath when I eased two fingers into her sweetness and started massaging her G-spot. 

Cecelie had worked herself all the way down, taking my full length in and began to deep throat me. The musky smell of lust filled the room as Cecelie's head bobbed up and down on my stiff dick. Her moans grew more audible while she slurped hungrily on my cock while Tori rapidly rubbed Cess' clit. My fingers in Tori completed the foreplay triangle. 

Cecelie couldn't take it anymore. She climbed up my body and mounted herself onto me. She tore her sundress off and threw it to the floor. It was quickly followed by her bra. Sliding herself onto my stiffness, she lost her breath. She wasn't a virgin, but her inexperienced opening had never met a man's member that matched mine. She rocked her hips on me with joyful enthusiasm. As she rode me, I put my thumb on her clit. My other hand held her breast, lightly pinching her nipples as they bounced freely in the air.

All of the sensations began to overload her. She was getting close. I could feel her pussy tightening around me. She leaned forward as the pressure of her orgasm continued to build. Her perfect C cup breasts stopped right at my mouth. I suckled her nipple into my mouth and that drove her over the edge. 

Tori had moved to the edge of the bed and was fingering her little love box while watching my thick dick slide in and out of her best friend. She stared intently as Cess slammed up and down wildly while cumming. Cecelie had bucked so hard that I slipped out of her. Tori was quick to move. She pulled her head to my prick, only inches from her young friends shaven sex. She needed my cock in her mouth as much as Cess had needed it in her cunt only moments before. I could only imagine the sight since Cecelie had collapsed on me after her orgasm. Tori aggressively sucked me and lapped up her friend's sweet nectar. 

"I've never tasted a girl's cum on cock before. Cess, you taste great!" and went right back to her cocksucking. 

Cecelie had fallen to a deep, soulful kiss with me that she broke just long enough to mumble a quick "Thanks."

"Cess, I need to be fucked too. Is that still okay with you?"

"Mmmm, yeah. You'll love it!"

With that, Cecelie rolled off of me while Tori hurriedly stripped off her underwear. She straddled my waist and watch Cecelie make her way over me, parting her legs and lowering herself over my face. She nestled her mons just above me. Tori pressed the tip of my dick against her tight opening. Slowly, she impaled herself on my flesh. 

"Oh God! I didn't think I... Oh God, yessss, fuck me!"

She fucked me slower than Cecelie. I reached my right hand to cup her tits. They were slightly smaller than Cecelie's, but her light pink nipples were very similar to her friend's. One would almost think these two were sisters as much as they were alike. My other hand had a firm grip on Cess' ass, giving me easier access to the delicate petals of her pink flower. Cess leaned into her counterpart and took a nipple into her mouth. Tori reached back and started massaging my scrotum. It was an absolutely incredible feeling. I took my right hand back and grasped her other fleshy cheek. I inched my fingers closer to her soft sex, lubricating my middle finger with her own flowing juices. I placed the wet fingertip to her virgin rosebud. Cecelie's body tensed. Nobody had ever been to her backdoor in any way. I suckled on her clit a little stronger and she started pushing herself back against the pressure of my finger. I slipped my digit into her ass up to the first knuckle. I don't want to overdo her first explorations. I could hear her gasp at the unexpected feeling over Tori's loud moans. 

Tori had never stopped grinding herself on me. My cock was deeper in her than any guy has ever been. I could feel my seed building up but I wasn't ready to cum just yet. Motioning her to move off me, I rose up and laid the two ladies side by side on the bed. I reached into the dresser and pulled a pair of vibrators for them. One was a bullet style and the other was a full length dildo. I could tell from their expressions that they had never used toys before. I love introducing them to women. They really enhance the sex. 

I guided my swollen member back to Cecelie's anxious treasure. Sliding back into her with ease, I turned on the bullet and held it to her clit. Her eyes rolled back in her head an she screamed with delight at the sensation of my thick cock inside of her while the mini vibe buzzed away on her love button. I started pumping in and out of her while, at the same time I turned on the other vibrator and pushed it into Tori. For good measure, I also slipped two fingers in her slightly to tickle her g-spot. Within seconds, each girl was coming so violently and intensely that their bodies seemed to be having seizures. I did not relent on them because I wanted to make sure this was the most memorable sexual experience any of us had to this point. 

As Cecelie's body quaked in orgasmic bliss, her pussy clamped down on me so hard that I couldn't move. I swear she was milking my dick with her cunt. I was ready. I pulled out of her and up to her panting chest. With a loud grunt, I erupted all over her beautiful tits. I just seemed to keep coming and aimed toward Tori, who had leaned over with her mouth open and gave me a good target. 

After I had finished, Tori had begun to lick my semen from Cecelie's glistening bosom. 

"Hey! That's supposed to be mine!" exclaimed Cess. 

Tori grinned. A little cum dripped from the corner of her mouth. She hadn't swallowed my load. She had other plans. She leaned to her best friend and tenderly pulled her head close. They exchanged a deep kiss, and with it, my hot cum. 

The sight of these two ravishing young women swapping my seed and tasting me within their own first passionate kiss is absolutely permanently embedded into my memory. It still stirs my senses all these years later. Fortunately, we still talk about it as it was a relationship that we are still able to continue. Much more has been explored, but that's for another story.