 I've lived a pretty traditional life. I went to college where I met and married my husband. He had a good job with a financial institution for many years and became wealthy. At first I stayed home with our two sons and when they started school, I went to work as a teacher. We had friends, an active social life, and were involved in several civic clubs.

Eventually the boys grew up and moved several hundred miles away to pursue their careers. Each married and began his own family. Empty nest was not a bad time. My husband and I enjoyed having little responsibility and no one else at home. We traveled some and our sex life was adequate though nothing exciting.

Two years ago Henry died and left me well-off financially but very alone. I had long since retired from teaching and really didn't know what to do with myself. I have friends, but I suddenly found them boring and began to withdraw into myself. About a month ago, that all changed. I went a little crazy -- some would say very crazy for a sixty-year-old grandmother -- and I think made many changes for the better. However, read what happened and then you judge whether you think I did the right thing or not.

It started when a local men's civic club was going to have a workday. The men would come to your house on a Saturday and do odd jobs like clean the gutters or make minor repairs. They didn't charge anything, but you were to make any donation you felt appropriate. Since Henry had died, I had let a lot of little things go and I had a rather extensive list. Of course, I was willing to make a substantial donation to their club.

Saturday morning four of the men showed up and began to go to work. I knew most of them as they lived in the neighborhood and Henry had been a member of their club. They began to clean gutters, rake the leaves, and do touch up paint work. As the day progressed, the number of helpers grew to eight ranging in age from about fifty-five to seventy. I ordered pizza for lunch for the group and went to the grocery store and bought a couple of cases of beer and some bourbon as a reward for when they were finished. Late in the afternoon several of the men finished their work and began to drink the whiskey and beer. I sat with them and opened a beer for myself. Since I had not seen most of these men in a year or more we caught up on what was going with each other. I let them know how much fun it was to have them there because I had become quite lonely recently.

As the beer and whiskey began to take a little effect one of the guys, Gary, turned to me and said, "Can I ask you kind of a personal question?"

"Sure, I guess," I said.

"What do you do about, well, sex? We live next door, and we don't ever see any men coming or going," he said.

"It's been pretty sparse in that department," I answered. "It gets bad sometimes so I have to take matters into 'my own hands.'"

The men gave an embarrassing laugh at this and seemed upset that Gary would ask such a question. I sensed their unease and didn't want them to leave so I said, "It's OK to ask. Your sex drive doesn't die with your spouse. I used to wonder the same thing about people."

We talked on a little longer and I noticed Gary was still eyeing me. I didn't mind, of course, but he lived right behind me and while we had never known him or his wife that well, we were acquainted. When I went in the kitchen to get some more beer he followed me in, came up behind me and started rubbing my rather ample sixty-year old ass. At first I thought about slapping his hand away, but it felt so good I just let him do it.

Finally, I turned and said,"You're married, Gary."

"I know, but there's no action over there. I may be sixty-five but I still need some loving. My wife is so straight it's ridiculous," he answered. "The least you could do is give me a kiss or show me a little something."

Obviously Gary was beginning to get a little drunk, but the idea gave me a thrill. 

"Go back in and sit down, Gary. I'll think about what you said as I get the beer."

Why not give them a little show, I thought. My life is about as dull as it gets. I quickly ran up the stairs to my bedroom and took off the oversize sweatshirt and sweat pants I had been wearing. I grabbed a black T-shirt that was just a little too small and emphasized my 44 double D's and a pair of white short shorts a woman my age shouldn't even own, much less wear. I removed my shoes and went back downstairs barefooted and excited.

As I went into the den with more beer and some mixers for the bourbon all eight men looked up and got quiet. I acted as if nothing was going on and began to pour some more peanuts in the bowls I had put out.

"Hey, Gary," one of the men said, "it looks like your sex question got Sara here to thinking."

The other men laughed and I said, "I just wanted to get a little more comfortable, that's all."

"How comfortable do you want to get?" another asked. All eight were hollering now and making cat calls. We were all a little drunk and the banter was becoming more and more raunchy.

I stood up and said, "What interest do any of you have in a sixty-year old woman with big boobs and a wide ass? Except, of course, as I look around most of you are my age or older and I see a lot of guts hanging over those belts."

"I may have a big gut," one of them shouted, "but everything works that's supposed to and I don't take Viagra." This was greeted with congratulatory shouts.

"You haven't answered the man's question, Sara," Gary said. "How comfortable do you want to get?"

"Are you asking for a show?" I asked.

"Hell, yes," they shouted in unison. I debated for about two seconds. I was half drunk, lonely, and hadn't had this much attention in years. I reached down and pulled my T-shirt over my head exposing my bra.

The group cheered and I was encouraged. I went over and put on a CD and began to dance to the music. Slowly I pulled down my shorts leaving me in just my bra and panties. The guys clapped and cheered and a few began to unzip their pants and take off their shoes. Apparently, they were preparing to join me.

As I gyrated my ass to the music I reached behind my back and undid my bra, releasing my massive tits. I danced so that they shook back and forth. I walked over to Gary, leaned forward and smothered his face with my boobs. The other men went crazy. I moved back to the middle of the room, stood still and stared at them until they got quiet. Then I put my finger inside my panties, slid them off and threw them to one of the men. I went over to where my drink was and took another shot of bourbon. I noticed several of the guys were rubbing the front of their jeans and the idea of eight guys whose dicks were hard because I stood naked in front of them made me as wet as I had ever been.

To this point, I had been plenty brazen, but then I really went off the deep end. I sat on the rug in the middle of the den, spread my legs and said, "It may be old and fat, boys, but it is pussy and if you want it, come and get it."

With that, shoes, jeans, shirts and underwear went flying everywhere. Before any of them got completely undressed I remembered some cigars Henry had in a humidor. I went over, got one, lit it and began to smoke. I laid down on the floor, spread my legs and puffed on the cigar. The men, all naked now, lined up for an old lady gang bang.

The first one was Gary. He pulled my legs up to his shoulders and pushed his seven inch dick in me. I couldn't see his dick, but I did see his big belly bouncing up and down as he humped me to the cheers of his friends. I came twice and had to pull the cigar out of my mouth each time to scream.

"The bitch likes it," one of them said.

"Hell, yes, I like it you stupid bastard," I answered.

"What else do you want?" Gary asked as he continued to pump me.

"Talk to me, guys. Talk dirty to me. The dirtier the better," I yelled.

With that Gary shot his load in my pussy and put the entire weight of his big belly on top of me. When he pulled out I put up my hand up to stop the next guy. I took the cigar and slipped in my freshly fucked pussy, covered it with Gary's cum and put it back in my mouth.

"She's a fucking whore," shouted. "Look at that, she loves cum. Let's give it to her."

As the next guy fucked me, another one began to masturbate over my face. I reached up and grabbed his dick and gave him a hand job while I was being fucked. He was drinking a beer while I was pumping his dick. "That's it you fucking cunt. I'm gonna shoot cum all over your fucking face." As the guy I was giving the hand job to shot his load, I tried to catch as much as I could with my tongue while he kept saying, "That's it cum slut. Drink it down. You love cum."

When the second guy finished fucking me I put the cigar in for some fresh cum. Then I put it back in my mouth and turned over on my hands and knees. "Give it to me doggie style boys," I yelled. "But keep it in the pussy -- no anal."

A third guy entered my pussy from behind and another slid under me and poked is dick toward my mouth. I put down the cigar and started giving him a blow job. I looked up for a second and said, "Hey, somebody bring me a drink." Then I went back to sucking cock and getting fucked.

One of the guys put down a shot of bourbon. I held on to the cock I was sucking, grabbed the glass and downed the shot. Then I said to the guy who brought the drink over, "Make yourself useful and slap my ass, will ya?"

"What?" he asked.

"I said I want to be spanked you stupid son of a bitch. I've got cock to suck and a pussy to get fucked. I can't do everything."

The others laughed at this and the guy began to spank me as best he could with the other guy fucking me from behind. I didn't think I could stand the excitement much longer. I have never been as turned on or as willing to do anything as I was that afternoon. The guy I was giving the blowjob to started to cum, and I swallowed every drop and then kissed him right on the mouth. He was so drunk and so spent, he didn't even care.

For the next two hours I was fucked, spanked, called a whore, a cunt, a slut, and a cum receptacle. Guys beat off and shot cum on my face, in my hair and on my tits. I was force fed whiskey and I continued to smoke a cigar that had been dipped in my cum filled pussy at least ten times.

Finally, everyone was spent and the men began to get dressed and leave. Gary was the last to go and asked if I needed anything. I assured him I was OK. I locked up the house and went to bed without even washing the cum and beer from my hair.

The next morning I woke with a sore pussy, a bruised ass, dried cum all over me, cigar breath that would have embarrassed a dragon, and a hangover. I got in the tub and began to clean up. I got out of the tub and dried off. Without putting on any clothes, I went into the den. There were empty beer cans and whiskey bottles. There were glasses and cigarettes and a few pair of men's underwear. Peanuts were all over the floor and cum stains were on the rug. I spent the next hour cleaning up. When I was through I sat down with a cup of coffee, naked, at the kitchen table. 

I had been the object of a gang bang last night. I had been humiliated, spanked, and fucked. I had acted like a cheap whore or worse. I was, at least last night, a complete, unashamed slut. And I have never felt so alive in my life. The soreness and the shame and even the hangover all feel good. As I thought more about it, I started to get wet. Slowly I moved my finger to my clit and began to rub. I was about to climax when the doorbell rang. 

To be continued...