 Fiona applied the last of her mascara then started to pack her make up away. The doorbell rang and she walked into the hallway. "Darren, the babysitter has arrived are you nearly ready?" She opened the front door. "Evening Ying, come in and make yourself at home." Ying, the daughter of a family friend, was now Darren and Fiona's regular babysitter for their two-year-old son Joshua. 

At only 18 years old Ying was almost ten years younger than them. She was a strikingly pretty oriental woman who was a little over five feet tall. Like many oriental ladies she was very slim and petite, but her young body appeared to be athletic and curvy in all the right places. Fiona teased Darren as she had caught him on more than one occasion paying a little too much attention to the babysitter.

Almost on cue Darren appeared "Hi, Ying how are you?"

"I am fine Darren. You guys have fun tonight, enjoy your birthday meal Darren." Fiona smiled at Darren, as he blushed aware that she had seen him eyeing up Ying's shapely backside. As she turned Fiona thought that Ying had looked away almost guiltily from her husband. 

"Make yourself at home tonight, don't spend all night studying will you. The television, videos, DVD's and fridge are as much there for you tonight as they are ours. The restaurant's telephone number is by the phone."

"Thank you, as I say have a great time, I promise not to work all night." She replied smiling. Darren took Fiona's arm and they left for their evening out. Ying watched through the window as they climbed into the car before driving away.

Ying was certain that Fiona had spotted her eyeing her husband up. Despite seeing the two of them together, not to mention liking them both, Ying found Darren a very attractive man. If matters were different she would love to be intimate with him. Snapping out of her daydream she went into the kitchen to make a start on her coursework. Placing her watch beside her the timer was set for three quarters of an hour, when this elapses she will go and check on Joshua, then return door stairs and resume her work. 

Absorbed in her essay the electronic bleep of her alarm took her attention so she finalised her paragraph before tidying her papers. Walking up the staircase she listened for any sounds but all was quiet. Creeping slowly into the bedroom her eyes adjusted to the darkness and she saw the small boy sleeping. His little snores were so cute and sweet she lightly brushed his forehead then, happy that he was peaceful, it was time for her to return downstairs. She did a further stint of work before one last check on Josh then it was time for her to relax.

Ying went to the kitchen and poured herself a long glass of Coca-Cola. She entered the lounge area, placing her glass on a coaster she then picked up the television guide, after a quick flick through she realised there was nothing she wanted to watch to the TV. Lying in front of the screen she turned the TV on and decided to pick a video to watch. Opening the unit she skimmed though the cassettes but did not find anything to her liking. Standing up she went to the shelves on the wall, which contained other tapes. A few were not labelled so she took these and placed the first in the machine. Pressing play she watched the screen and saw that this was an old episode of a soap opera. Rewinding the tape she ejected it and tried another. This time it was football, obviously one of Darren's. 

Putting the last tape in the machine she pressed play and initially the tape was fuzzy then there was Fiona on the screen. She was sat on the sofa and Darren was talking to her while he filmed her. Leaning forward to rewind and eject the tape Ying froze as she heard what was being said.

"So Fiona are you going to show me your latest purchase?"

"Not while you have that in your hand you pervert!" She replied with an angry look, which then melted as she grinned. "How badly do you want to see it Darren?"

"I really want to see it. You know how long we have wanted to get one."

"This tape stays totally private then sit down cameraman." Ying was confused and curious as to what they were talking about. The camera moved as Darren walked across to the chair. Fiona had got up before walking to the stereo, she put on some music, then she started to dance in front of her husband. "Okay, are you ready? Do try and keep the camera steady." She flicked off her shoes while carrying on the dance movement. 

Her arms crossed in front of her as she took each side on the base of her t-shirt. Slowly and deliberately she lifted the shirt higher and higher until her black lacy bra was in view. Finally she pulled the top over her head. The dance continued with her in her jeans and bra. Ying had always thought that Fiona was attractive but looking at her now she was stunning. Her long curly black hair fell to the top of her bust. Darren zoomed the camera to her face, which was undeniably pretty with her blue-green eyes staring sexily into the camera. She licked her red lips she asked, "Are you horny yet Darren?" Her eyes fell and a smile broke over her face, "Mmmm very nice, I'll come to that later if you don't mind."

The camera panned back as Fiona unbuttoned her jeans and let them fall without breaking her locked gaze with Darren. Stepping out of the trousers she parted her legs and placed a hand in the front of her panties. As she moved in front of her husband it was clear that she was rubbing her clit and her face coloured slightly. 

"Stop teasing me you dirty bitch I thought this was for my enjoyment?" 

"Oh you are going to be so happy my little boy." Her hands moved to her back, as she was about to undo her bra. Quickly she turned as the back separated, but she cupped her breasts, stopping the bra from falling. Facing the camera she walked towards Darren she asked "Are you ready?" Before he could answer the bra fell but keeping the tease going she held her firm boobs in her raised palms. Ying felt a tiny pang of jealousy as Fiona looked to be at least a C cup, while she could only boast little firm 34A titties. Her mouth fell open as when Fiona's hands fell the surprise was unveiled...... Fiona's right nipple had a piercing.

"Fuck me that is so horny darling."

"I don't need to ask if you like it do I? Would you like me to take care of that?" Walking towards Darren she then fell to her knees and as the camera continued to follow Darren's erect penis briefly was in view. It did not stay in the picture long as Fiona's dark ringlets filled the screen as she started to give her husband oral. Darren's breathing became more laboured and Fiona made a lot of slurping and sucking noises. 

"Oh Fiona that feels great.....I can't hold on for long....... Look me in the eye if I can fill you mouth?" Then without a word see looked up at him and winked. "Thank you sweetheart." She carried on looking at him as she bobbed up and down. Darren moaned, there was a slurping noise, Fiona's cheeks bulged as her eyes widened then a trickle of sperm fell from the corner of her mouth. 

Ying knew that her pussy was getting damp, as she felt really horny after watching this. She shouldn't do anything here but she was just so hot. Her mind was in turmoil as they were her friends, but she found Darren very attractive. Given her aroused state she decided to have a quick rub and rewound the tape. As the strip started she pushed a hand under her skirt into her panties. Her hand slide over her perfectly smooth pubic mound, which she always kept hairless, and her fingers found her damp slit. Her finger began to slowly rub her erect little clit. Lying back on the floor in front of the screen she started to enjoy this dirty feeling while watching Fiona disrobe.

The feeling was so good Ying decided to tease herself by easing her hand movements if she was getting close. Then letting the feelings build before pausing, this was a way she had masturbated before and she knew the feeling would ultimately be so good. Rubbing slowly again she focused on the blowjob on screen and when it had finished she rewound it and hit play again. 

Unfortunately the video's clicking masked the sound of the key in the door so when the lounge door opened it was the first warning Ying got. Fiona was standing open mouthed in the doorway, "Ying...!"

"Oh fuck..... sorry." She blurted out and immediately pulled her hand out of her pants. Then the tears welled up in her eyes and she leapt to her feet and she fled to the kitchen allowing the door to close behind her. She sat at the table sobbing with her face in her hands. How could she have been so dumb, getting carried away and then worse getting caught masturbating. The shame of it and if her parents found out, she just sobbed and sobbed. Fiona was talking to Darren in the lounge and Ying jumped when the door opened.

"Ying, oh god, please don't cry." Fiona said crossing the room, she embraced Ying, feeling the girl's body shuddering as she wept. "Please stop honey, it's okay." She stroked Ying's sleek black hair. Ying felt comforted and as she breathed in she smelt the perfume that Fiona was wearing. 

"Sorry Fiona....I am....am sorry very sorry. Please don..don't tell my parents."

Fiona hugged her closer and with her face nestled close to Ying she whispered, "Don't worry it's okay. Please let me get you a tissue." They parted as she went to the side, as she walked back to Ying she noticed her crying was easing, so she smiled gently. She handed her the tissue and Ying dabbed her eyes. 

As Ying regained her composure she looked at Fiona, her face and eyes reddened following her tears. Fiona leant forward to wipe away a single tear. Ying felt a tingle as Fiona's soft fingertip touched her cheek.

"It's okay you know Ying. Darren and I are very flattered that the video made you feel like that." She lifted a finger to Ying's lips to stop her interrupting. "I am cool with it. Can we chat about things?" Ying nodded silently as Fiona's hand fell and rested on her shoulder. "You know Darren thinks you are a very pretty girl and so do I. Now I may have embarrassed us by telling you that."

"Not at all I am just surprised....and flattered." Looking down Fiona's other hand was stroking Ying's leg.

"Ying, can I ask you a personal question?" Ying froze before nodding slowly. "Did you cum?" Blushing Ying shock her head. Fiona leaned forward, moving her hand from Ying's shoulder to her chin; she lifted Ying's head upwards and kissed her lightly on the lips. As her hazel eyes widened Ying stared deeply into Fiona's aqua coloured eyes. The shock of the kiss wore off as they broke then Ying kissed Fiona's lips. Fiona opened her mouth and slipped her tongue forward, pushing gently, the tip of her tongue slid between Ying's lips and into her mouth. Their tongues entwined and looking into Fiona's eyes Ying saw the pupils dilate. Now both of Fiona's hands cupped Ying's face while they kissed softly but passionately.

As they broke their embrace Fiona put her fingers to her lips to indicate that she wanted Ying to remain quiet. Taking Ying's hand Fiona lifted it to her face before smelling the tips of Ying's fingers. "You must have been very aroused as I can smell your sexual scent. It's very nice Ying, I love the smell of a woman, if you know what I mean?" She slid from her chair so that she was kneeling before Ying. Her hands parted the girl's legs, and then she slid the skirt up her legs exposing her damp white panties. She hooked her thumbs through the sides of the knickers then started to drag them down Ying's slender legs. Lifting the panties to her face Fiona sniffed deeply in the gusset. "Mmmmmm I think its time that you have your release, but try and keep quiet." She lowered her face into Ying's groin and started to kiss her thighs lightly. Her hand sought out her damp cleft, gently rubbing her outer lips and ensuring that her fingers were really wet. The kisses carried on making her way up her thighs as her finger gently rubbed the swollen clitoris. "You are very well shaven Ying. I wish I could get my pussy so smooth. Darren loves a bare woman. He would love you." Then she buried her tongue into the damp opening.

As Fiona started lapping at Ying the feelings were so sweet. Ying had fantasised about lesbian sex but never taken it any further. She would never have guessed that Fiona would take her cherry. Looking down she could see Fiona's head slowly moving while she loving attended to pleasuring Ying. She looked up and caught Ying's gaze, pulling her mouth away from her pussy, she asked, "Do you use dildos on yourself?" Ying shook her head; Fiona took her handbag from the table. Delving in the bag she removed a discrete 5-inch vibrator, which she flicked on. Placing on the tip on Ying's swollen clit she looked up as Ying closed her eyes and bit down on her lower lip.

Fiona switched the vibrator off and resumed her licking of Ying's pussy. Then very gently she pushed the tip of the dildo against her opening. She licked and lapped at the clitoral hood then entered Ying with the toy. Sliding it in and out she maintained her licking. She knew that the orgasm was closing in as the juices were flowing giving the sucking noises as the dildo thrush backwards and forwards. In addition Ying's oriental complexion seemed to be darkening as her face coloured. While Fiona carried on giving oral the kitchen door opened and Darren walked stark bollock naked and stroking a large erection. He was a good eight inches and he drew his foreskin backwards and forwards, his other hand was at his mouth as he signalled for Ying to stay quiet. Standing beside her he moved her chin forcing her to turn her head to the side. He then leaned forward so the head of his cock pushed against Ying's mouth. She opened her mouth allowing him to fill her mouth. 

Concentrating on the penis that was sliding in and out of her lips she did not notice the licking had stopped. "Don't make him cum yet Ying." Fiona said before returning to pleasuring the girl. Ying felt her orgasm building and she let Darren's cock fall from her mouth, she took him in her hand gently pumping him to maintain his pleasure. She began to moan as she orgasmed then she pushed Fiona's face away from her. "Darren, would you like to fuck the babysitter now?" Fiona asked but didn't wait for the answer.

Ying opened her eyes to see Darren move to her, he was very muscular and he picked her slight frame up into his arms. He laid her on the large pine dining table, while Fiona stripped Ying of her remaining clothing. Having just cum Ying could not wait to feel Darren's manhood being thrust into her throbbing cunt. They pulled Ying along the tabletop until her waist was parallel with the edge of the table Darren positioned himself so his cock was laying erect on top of Ying's pubic area. Rubbing his cockhead all over her bare pussy he moistened himself with her juices. Fiona stood behind him with her right hand taking his hardon. She wanked him slowly while her left hand teased his nipples. She kissed his neck before whispering in his ear. "Go on you have been desperate to fuck her since she has been babysitting for us. She is gagging for you." Then Fiona grabbed her husband's penis and slid it into Ying's opening. Instantly he pushed forward and began fucking her. Her cunt was so wet that the noise as her fucked her was really loud. After the comparative small ness of the vibrator Darren was really stretching her tight vagina.

"Does that feel as good as you imagined it would Darren? She's unbelievably sexy isn't she? Her body is so slim and athletic. Go on suck on her boobs." Darren bent down and started to suckle on her breasts. He chewed on her nipples, which were very hard and erect. He was slamming into her with gusto. As Darren shagged her his strokes quicken, Ying opened her eyes, seeing Fiona finishing removing her knickers and then standing naked next to them masturbating as she watched her husband fucking a young girl. "I bet she is so much tighter than me isn't she. Darren I don't want you to cum inside her, you can cover my tits as I know you like that." She pushed her face into Ying's forcibly kissing her. Their tongues entwined as Ying felt her second orgasm hit her and she felt her legs twitch and the feeling like a warm blanket wrapping her groin while Darren's cock pistoned in and out of her. They carried on kissing as Fiona heard the sounds of her husband fucking their babysitter while she kissed her deeply. 

"Fiona, I am close darling. I can't hold on." She knelt down beside him urging him on. Suddenly Darren withdrew from Ying's cunt, turned to his wife wanking, spunk jetted from his cock over his wife's face and chest. She held her breast upward and together so his hot seed collected on her tits. 

"Mmmmmmm that was really horny darling, now it's my turn to enjoy our guest." She then walked over to Ying, "Sit up a moment Honey." When she sat on the table she could see Darren's sperm all over Fiona's chest. One thin drip of spunk had collected on Fiona's nipple ring. This nipple was offer up to Ying who took the hard pink bud in her mouth. The cold metal was in contrast to the hot salty cum. Fiona moaned as Ying sucked on her nipples then licked her breasts clear of Darren's spunk. They embraced and began kissing once more. Ying could feel the hot sticky liquid, together with her spittle from the licking, on Fiona's chest being squashed into hers. "Time for you to taste some pussy Ying!" Fiona said as she sat down.

Ying knelt between Fiona's legs and looked at her pussy. Unlike Ying she was unshaven, her tufts of brown hair covered her pubic mound, where she had been fingering her self she had mixed her juices into the hair. Ying felt through the pubic hair inhaling the smell of Fiona's aroused state. Then leaning in and pressing her face into the lips she took her first taste of another woman. She started to lick and tease her new lover tentatively at first. 

"Mmmmmm that's so good Ying, you sure you haven't done this before?" Ying looked up and shook her head allowing her tongue to flick from side to side over Fiona's stiffened clit. "Oooo yes that feels sooooo good. You are a natural. Concentrate on my clit I am really close."

Ying was aware that Darren's head was close to her face. Looking to the side she noticed he was wanking his newly hard penis. "This is so horny Ying. When I give Fi oral I find you really need to focus on her clit to make her cum." Fiona dropped her hand onto Ying's head forcing her to maintain the lapping. Ying heard slurping above her as Darren had forced his wife to put his cock in her mouth.

Ying started to finger herself while she licked, looking up she was getting so turned on at the sight of Darren's cock sliding in and out of Fiona's mouth, his balls slapping his wife's chin. He was using her but she pushed him from her mouth as Ying felt more juices flow over her face.

"Oooooooohhh jjesssusss I'm cuummmmmiiinggg." Fiona screamed 

"Keep licking her Ying, she can multiple just ignore her and keep going."

Ying took his instruction and began licking furiously at Fiona's clit. 

"Oooooooo ssssttooppp Ying, its too much." She pushed Ying's face away. As she went to take Darren back in her mouth Ying stood taking his cock in her hand.

"No I want his cum in my mouth now." She knelt in front of him. "Just fuck my face Darren, use me."

He pushed his tip into her mouth and started to fuck her mouth. Her hands cupped his nuts and rubbed gently, then Fiona knelt beside her and bent her neck so her face was below Darren's groin. She placed his balls in her mouth and sucked on him, this was too much for him and his balls tightened, Ying's mouth was flooded with ejaculate. Having swallowed his seed she stood and gave him her first, of what would be many, deep sensitive kiss.