 When Francine and Jeremy return, things get even hotter.

Late in the evening, when our passion was temporarily spent, we both took a quick shower and slipped into our night clothes, and taking a blanket from the spare room lay it over us on the floor in front of the couch and turned the TV to the music channel. However, neither of us seemed to be able to settle with the music, so flicked around from channel to channel looking for something interesting. We were both surprised and a little shocked to come across a porno channel, and lay with eyes popping out of our heads at some of the action that was taking place on the screen, action that soon had us hot and flustered and reaching for each other's bodies once again. I had Meredith's pajama tops undone and my lips firmly wrapped around her exquisite nipples, my tongue flicking them lightly then caressing them gently as she moaned and shuddered, when we heard the car pull up outside and the car door slam, and knew that Francine and Jeremy were home.

We quickly pulled apart and re adjusted our pajamas, still looking more than a little flushed, and at the last moment remembered to switch the channels on the TV before Francine burst in smiling and laughing, with Jeremy close behind looking equally happy. I grinned up at them, "Mmm, looks like it was a successful party" I said.

"Wow, yes" blurted Francine, plonking herself on the couch just above us, "We met a couple of people who are really interested in taking some of our designs, apparently the buyer of a big store group told them our gear was fantastic!" she grinned at me, "I wonder who that could have been?" I felt myself flush, and Meredith looked at me a little strangely.

"Hey, I think we all need a drink to celebrate, don't you?" said a grinning Jeremy, and headed off into the kitchen.

Francine watched him go then turned back to us and grinned, "Mmm, didn't know you two were into foreign language programs" she said, and our heads snapped around to the TV and we flushed as we realized we couldn't understand a word of what was being said on it. Francine laughed and reached down for the remote control and flicked it a couple of times, "Mmm, that's better, well away from the naughty channel now, Jeremy will never notice" she said, and we both giggled. My giggle came to an abrupt end when Francine dropped the remote control into my lap, then lifted her hand to cup and caress my breast through my pajamas, in full view of Meredith. I heard her sharp gasp, and glanced over, her eyes were fixed on Francine's hand stroking my breast, and she could see my nipple getting bigger and harder by the second. "Doesn't Felicity have exciting breasts, Meredith?" I heard Francine whisper, "But then you do too, I couldn't help but notice when you were modeling the outfits, such sweet, succulent breasts" she added.

I saw Meredith's throat move as she swallowed, and her face get a little flushed, then her eyes lift to look above me at Francine, "Yes" she whispered huskily, "Felicity does have beautiful breasts, and I'm glad you like mine too", and a soft shudder went through her. At that moment the door banged open and Jeremy staggered in with a tray filled with drinks, and Francine withdrew her hand from my breasts. We each took a glass and toasted the success of the business, and Jeremy and Francine gave us even more details of the party. I noticed that Jeremy perched on the couch just above Meredith, and from time to time would let his hand drop and gently stroke her shoulder. Meredith jumped a little the first time it happened and flushed bright red, but the conversation carried on without interruption and she soon settled back against the couch and let his hand roam over her shoulders. At one point, Francine and I got up to refresh our drinks, and glancing back over my shoulders I saw Jeremy lean forward to whisper something into Meredith's ear, and as he did so his hand slipped down and quickly disappeared into her pajama top, and I knew he was cupping and caressing her beautiful breasts.

She flushed deeply and I saw her shake her head slightly, but Jeremy was still smiling brightly when he got up and announced that if it was ok with everyone he was going to hit the sack, it had been a long day and there was work to do tomorrow so he needed his beauty sleep. We all grinned at that, I don't think Meredith and I had met a more 'beautiful' man in our lives. He gave each of us a gentle embrace and a quick kiss on the cheeks, although I noticed that he slipped slightly on Meredith and managed to catch her lips instead, then he was gone. Francine finished her drink and announced that she was going to take a shower, and I told her I'd wash up the glasses while she was gone.

Meredith picked up a couple of glasses and joined me in the kitchen and we washed them up. I grinned at her and began teasing her about the attention she'd been receiving from Jeremy, and the color immediately flooded into her face. especially when I made it quite clear that I'd seen him dip his hand inside her top and fondle her breast, "But I couldn't stop him" she stammered, "I mean I couldn't make a fuss or cause a scene or anything"

I grinned, "Oh, are you trying to tell me you didn't enjoy Jeremy touching your hair and your shoulders and your breasts and kissing you on the lips?"

She was bright red by this time, but suddenly she giggled, and then we both dissolved into laughter, "Well, I must admit it was quite nice once I got over the shock" she giggled, "But who are you to talk, I saw Francine fondle your breast too, and right out in the open" she said.

"Mmm, and I loved it" I answered, "Especially the fact that you were seeing it"

She giggled again, "Yeah, I know what you mean, the fact that I know you saw Jeremy fondling me excites me too, guess we're both just a pair of exhibitionists" she said.

I reached out and squeezed her breast, "Well, what do you expect in this house, I mean, some of those outfits left very little to the imagination" I replied with a laugh and we wandered arm in arm back into the lounge room. Almost as soon as we arrived Francine walked in from her shower, and we both gasped. Talk of leaving little to the imagination, the outfit she had on was barely an outfit at all. The top barely came to the tops of her thighs and was a whispy blue that was almost totally transparent, and the panties that went with it were also whispy blue, but I'd never seen panties like them before, they were little more than a thread of material across her waist with two threads coming down in a V from each hip to cross somewhere at the base of her pussy. As she spun around in front of us I could see that the two strands actually entwined after passing her pussy to become a single blue strand that trailed up the crack of her buttocks to rejoin the strand around the waist.

The effect was awesome, totally erotic, and I felt myself immediately catch fire. The top only seemed to highlight Francine's gorgeous high, firm breasts as she finished twirling around and came to stop in front of us, and the bottoms, well they just drew your eyes to her pussy like a magnet. I glanced across at Meredith and she was standing there with her mouth open and her eyes almost popping out of her head, and I could understand her reaction, I'd seen Francine totally naked before, and I was still turned on by this vision, this was Meredith's first glimpse of her succulent body so I could guess what she was feeling.

Francine grinned at both of us, "This is one of the absolute latest creations" she said, "I thought it might be a bit wild for you to pose in tonight, especially in front of Jeremy" and she glanced quickly at Meredith and grinned, "Although as soon as he set eyes on you, he begged me to make it one of the costumes"

Meredith gasped and colored, "Mmmm, I'm with Jeremy" I said laughing, "I think Meredith would look stunning in that"

"Why don't we find out" said Francine and immediately lifted the top over her head and handed it to a startled Meredith, quickly followed by the bottom, "Quick, slip out of those pajama's and pop this on" she said.

Meredith's head darted around towards the corridor, "Don't worry" Francine said, "Jeremy wont come out again tonight"

"Come on Meredith" I urged, "you'll look stunning, and I really want to see it", as I spoke I moved over to stand alongside Francine. Slipping my hand around to cup and stroke her naked ass cheeks, I gave her a quick kiss on the lips. Meredith still stood there as if in shock, staring almost glassy eyed at Francine's stunning naked body, then down at the whisp of a costume in her hands. Then slowly she unbuttoned her pajama tops and slipped them off, and I heard and felt Francine's reaction as her beautiful succulent breasts came into view. She quickly slipped the whispy blue top over her head as if to hide her breasts from our eyes, but of course it didn't, in fact it seemed to highlight them as it hung up slightly on her stiff and swollen nipples. Then she slipped her pajama bottoms off and clambered somewhat awkwardly into the strings of the bottoms, but when she straightened up, WOW! she looked absolutely mouth watering! Both Francine and I gasped and reacted, heat flooding through us.

Francine immediately grabbed Meredith by the arm and hurried her over to the full length mirror on the wall, "Look at yourself" she whispered hotly, "You are the most stunning creature alive in this, it could have been made just for you"

Meredith stared at herself in the mirror, at first a little shyly, then with certain amount of a flush in her face, and then with a slightly wicked smile, and she began to pose, moving this way and that, and the costume shimmered and swayed, "It really does look nice doesn't it?" she asked.

"Nice!" gasped Francine, "It looks stunning, it looks sexy , it looks erotic, it looks sensual, it looks everything but nice!, and it's driving me crazy" she whispered hotly. She moved behind Meredith and her hands came up and started to stroke her almost naked ass cheeks, just feather like strokes that swirled around sending tiny shivers through Meredith, then she was stroking the backs of her thighs and the front of her thighs and drawing her fingers up to that incredible V and running them lightly over Meredith's pussy lips, causing her to gasp and jerk. I thought Meredith would object, perhaps even pull away, but she seemed to be frozen there, staring wide eyed into the mirror, watching Francine's hands stroking over her body, over her most special parts. Then Francine's hands moved up, under the flimsy top, to cup Meredith's breasts, and they both seemed to groan in unison. I saw Meredith shudder, then I saw Francine's lips descend on her shoulder and start to caress it, and I knew I couldn't stand watching them any longer.

I quickly divested myself of my own pajama's and moved over to stand just to the side of them, reaching out and cupping one hand on Francine's breast and one on Meredith's. I saw that Meredith's eyes were now closed and she was leaning back slightly into Francine, her body responding to the gentle trailing fingers. Then Francine drew her around until she was facing me, and I leaned forward and took one of her nipples into my mouth through the whispy material and sucked it hard, causing her to jerk and shudder. As I pulled back, Francine lifted the top over Meredith's head and then cupped her breasts as if offering them up to me, and I took them willingly, lashing with my tongue and sucking them hard into my mouth.

Then I straightened , and reaching around behind Meredith, pulled Francine in close so we were both pressing our naked bodies into her, and I kissed her deep and long. Then I pulled away and Francine turned her around and we did the same thing again, only this time it was Francine that was kissing her deeply and passionately, while I gently stroked her ass cheeks, and thighs and anywhere else I could reach/

Meredith was totally on fire by this time, writhing her naked body against both of us, and Francine carefully guided us to where we'd been lying when she came in, and we collapsed together on the blankets. Meredith was in the middle, and Francine and I took one breast each, licking and sucking them, then occasionally giving each other deep tonguing kisses, while our fingers sensuously trailed over Meredith's body, meeting up and slipping jointly into her steaming, wet pussy, bringing her to the first of a series of body shattering orgasms. After that it was hard to determine who was doing what to whom, as hands, lips and tongues probed every bit of flesh that came within reach.

Meredith went from receiver to giver and back again, as first one of us, then the other took the middle ground. I can recall lapping up Francine's copious juices then sharing them with Meredith in a kiss that seemed to go on for ever, and I can recall exploding over and over again as Meredith's mouth lashed my hot breasts and Francine's tongue pulverized my pussy, and then I was returning the compliment. The time with Francine and Mary had been fantastic, but this was totally wild, Meredith proved to be surprisingly horny and hungry and we went on and on and on, until finally I collapsed into Francine's arms and fell into a light sleep.

I don't know how long I slept, or how deeply, but something disturbed me, some movement, and I opened my eyes. Francine was lying with her back to me sound asleep, and my arms were around her, my hands still cupping one of her breasts. I removed it slowly, so as not to disturb her, and sat up, looking around the darkened room, but not seeing Meredith anywhere. I slowly got to my feet and walked around, noticing straight away that the costume was gone from the floor near the mirror where Francine had tossed it.

I wandered down the corridor to the spare room, thinking that Meredith may have picked it up and taken it there and decided to sleep in the spare bed. But as I got close I saw a shaft of pale light coming from another room further down and heard a voice. I stopped and listened, and then heard it again, it was Jeremy's voice, little more than a mumble really and for a moment I thought he must be talking in his sleep. I moved a little closer. Then I heard another voice, a voice I recognized instantly, and this time it wasn't a mumble, but quite clear. I heard a light laugh, then Meredith saying "Francine told me you wanted to see me in this special costume, so I though I'd come and demonstrate it for you" she said.

I heard Jeremy clear his throat, and I could almost see him sitting up sleepily in bed, then the light intensified slightly and I knew he'd turned it up, "mmmm" I heard him say, "I thought it would look good on you, but in fact it looks sensational, but where are the others?"

Meredith's laugh tinkled out again, "Oh, they're fast asleep, dead to the world, we had a few celebratory drinks" she said.

I could almost hear the smile starting to come into his voice, "Mmmm, and so you decided to come and model the outfit for me, even though you're well aware that it's almost totally see through, and you are also aware from what I said to you earlier that I find you very attractive indeed? and, of course, you're standing in my bedroom"

I knew I really ought to back away and return to the lounge room, but something held me there, something called, excitement! Just hearing them, imagining them looking at each other was turning me on.

"I know what you said to me, and I know what you did to me, and I know exactly how I look in this outfit" Meredith said, and her voice had taken on a husky quality, "What I don't know is whether you were just teasing, or whether you really meant it"

"So you've come to find out, have you?" he said, a slight breathlessness in his voice. I understood that, having seen how devastating Meredith looked in that outfit.

"Yes. I've come to find out, does that shock you?" she said, and I heard the slight squeak as she obviously sat on the edge of Jeremy's bed.

"Not shock, surprise" he said.

"Only surprise?" she asked coyly, and I could almost see that incredibly sexy lift of her eyebrows, and my hand started to drift down between my legs and stroke my pussy.

"Surprised ... and excited" he answered.

I heard her hot chuckle and almost groaned out loud, my fingers dipping in to brush over my clitoris, "Well excited sounds a little better" she said, "But how do I know you're not just saying that?"

"Are you sure the others are asleep?" he asked, "Shouldn't you go and check?"

She laughed lightly, "Oh they're both fast asleep, and I think you're stalling because you're scared" she said.

I heard a loud rustle, and an even louder gasp, then a low chuckle from Jeremy, "Still think I'm just saying it?" he asked.

"My god" I heard Meredith whisper, "You are absolutely huge!"

His chuckle got a little louder, "Mmmm, now who's the scared one" He asked teasingly.

Damn he couldn't really be that big, I thought, if only there was a way I could get to see. It was almost as If I'd spoken out loud, as a very quiet voice said in my ear "There is a way to see". I jerked around to find a widely grinning Francine standing right behind me. She put a finger up to my lips to stifle my gasp and leaned over to whisper in my ear, "We don't want them to hear, do we, don't want them to know we're here, follow me" and she took me by the hand, leading me into the spare bedroom next door and over to a large picture on the wall, which she took down to reveal a large window, and I found myself staring right into Jeremy's room, seeing Meredith in the saucy blue outfit sitting on the side of the bed, and Jeremy lying there with an absolutely enormous erection. I echoed Meredith's words, and Francine grinned, "Yeah, he is huge, and he's awfully good with it, oh don't worry, this is a one way mirror, they wont know we're here"

I half turned to her, "And you don't mind?" I asked.

"Of course not" she laughed, "He lets me have my lovers and I let him have his, we're both very open about it, so I knew he wanted Meredith almost from the moment she walked in the door, I just wasn't sure if she wanted him, but now we know she does, so it's ok. Sometimes, it excites me to watch, especially if I have a lover to play with at the same time" she said, and she slipped her hands around and started to play with my breasts, "I think it will excite you too" she whispered, .......and it did!

Watching Meredith licking and sucking on Jeremy's massive tool sent fire raging through me, a fire that Francine quickly built on with her hands and her lips, stroking and licking me everywhere as we sat on the spare bed and watched the action in the other room. My eyes almost popped out as I watched Meredith straddle Jeremy and slowly, almost tentatively lower herself onto his throbbing shaft, and even through the walls we could hear her squeal and gasp as he went deeper and deeper, god I couldn't believe he'd get it all in, but he did, and there was a smile on Meredith's face as wide as the grand Canyon. There was a smile on mine just as wide a moment later as Francine chose that time to ram three fingers deep into my pussy, and I was cumming like crazy!

We could hear Jeremy's stuccato grunts and Meredith's squeals of delight as he started to fuck her in earnest, but we weren't watching any more, we were too busy bringing each other to orgasm after orgasm, our fingers ramming into each other's pussies in time with Jeremy's grunts, as our lips and tongues devoured each other. Then we were switching around and it was our lips and tongues that were driving our pussies wild, lashing and sucking on each other's clits, as avidly as if it was the very first time all over again.

Faintly, as if from a long distance I heard Meredith's final scream, "Yes, yes, oh god yes, fill me, fill me, oh Jeremy, FUCK MEEEEE", then it became a wail that went on and on and on, and our own orgasms seemed to intensify along with it.
