 When I walked into the apartment, all the guys started beating on the best man, who had arranged for the evening's entertainment, namely, me. Now, I'll be the first to admit that I'm not America's ideal whore. I'm only 5'2" and nearly 200 pounds, but, like I told that room full of bachelors, I've got a set of 40C's just begging to be sucked and I'm open to anything you can think of.

As soon as I said this, the guys started naming things that they wanted to do to me. All I did was stand there and nod my head at every suggestion. When they asked me whom I wanted to take on first, I said, "Anyone who wants me, because how can I choose from fifteen oh, so handsome bachelors?"

They almost started a fight over who got to fuck the short, fat slut first.

"Gentlemen, remember that I am open to anything. 'Anything' includes taking on more than one at a time."

After hearing that, every guy in the room proceeded to strip down to nothing so his cock was available and ready for me. I'd never seen so many big, meaty cocks hard and ready just for me at one time. Then the guys got together and whispered for a while.

"For the rest of the night, you are going to be our slave. That means no questions asked and absolutely no action without an order."

I simply nodded and stood waiting for my first order.

"Strip," said one.

"Slowly," said another.

"And don't touch yourself in the process. There's no reason for a woman to that when there are men around to do it for her." Said the best man.

I stripped, first my shirt, which I dropped to the floor.

"Throw the clothes to us, you slut."

I picked up the shirt and threw it at the speaker. Next the skirt came off and went to a guy who didn't look old enough to be at a bachelor party. The bra went to the best man and finally, the panties, which had been soaked since the guys had taken their cocks out, went to the groom, hitting him squarely in the face.

He and the best man stood and motioned for the kid to get up too. Even though he was the smallest when it came to the rest of his body, the kid had the biggest cock in the bunch.

"This boy is my nephew. He just turned 18 last week and you are going to be his first fuck. Kid, sit on the couch and hold your cock straight up." The groom said.

I expected to be ordered to straddle the kid's lap and the thought of that huge cock getting stuffed into my hot, slippery cunt made pussy juice start running down the inside of my thighs. Instead the groom lay down on his nephew's legs and I saw what was going to happen. The best man came up behind me and started lubricating my asshole.

"Climb onto him and put his cock into your cunt." Said the best man.

As I climbed onto the groom, I gasped as I felt his pulsing member press itself into my cunt. When he was completely sheathed inside of me, I rubbed my clit against him and was shocked when I felt someone slap my ass, hard.

"No action without a command!!" I then realized that they really meant absolutely no action, not even a tiny movement.

Someone, I assume it was the best man, climbed on top of me and rammed his eight-inch cock into my asshole without warning. I wanted to cry out, but didn't wanted to be hit again.

I was then told to fill my last hole with the kid's huge cock. I did so gladly and took all 12 inches into my mouth. The man in my ass took the lead, moving himself in and out of me. Every time he slammed into me, the groom's cock pulled out of my soaking hole and I deep throated the kid. When the cock pulled out of my ass, the man it was attached pulled my body backwards with hands on my considerable hips. This pulled me off the kid and slammed me back onto the groom. This went on for about five minutes until the kid started moaning that he was going to come. Everything stopped and the kid was sent out of the room.

One of the guys said, "Any slut who can bring a guy to the point of coming that fast using only her mouth is definitely worth fucking."

The others agreed and they all had a turn riding me into the couch until I was so filled with come I was going to need a bucket when I stood up. Then they called the kid back in and he proceeded to fuck me awkwardly, but deeply with a lot of coaching. I had managed to keep myself from coming up until this point, but the deep, hard fucking that I was getting from the kid's huge cock was just too much for me. Luckily, the kid shot his load deep into my hole just as I came so I wasn't punished for coming without permission.

The guys then proceeded to give my cunt the fifteen greatest tongue jobs ever, even sucking out some of the come. By the time they were done, they were all hard and ready again. They got into five groups and each group fucked all my holes until I was so full of come I thought I would burst.

Then it was time for private, individual fucks. Each guy would get 20 minutes alone with me in the bedroom. They would start with the kid and end with the groom.

The kid told me to lie spread-eagle on my back on the bed and not move at all. He then spent fifteen minutes exploring my body. He sucked on my tits and then tongue fucked my cunt and ass. Then he stuffed my sopping cunt with his huge cock and fucked me until he came, just as the next guy started knocking on the door.

The next guy, as it turned out, had been initiated into the world of sex at a very early age by his mother. He rode my cunt for the full twenty minutes with me shouting encouragement like, "You can do it, Son." And "Harder, Son, fuck your mommy harder!"

The next guy brought in a long, thick dildo that I thought would go into one of my holes, but instead it went into his bisexual ass while I pounded myself up and down on his cock.

The next three guys were into bondage. One had me on my back, one had me on my stomach, and the third had me tie him to the bed while I screwed him for twenty minutes.

The next four wanted to experience the reality of my blowjobs to see if they were really as good as the kid had said. Apparently, I was good because I brought each of them to screaming orgasms and back to readiness again with the twenty-minute time frame.

The next two were identical twins with matching, thick eight-inch cocks. They said that they had always fucked the same girl at the same time so they agreed to combine their turns. They were both much taller than me and while they fucked my ass and pussy with their wonderful cocks they played tonsil hockey with each other over my head.

The next guy just wanted straight vanilla sex. He let me move, participate, and even let me come.

The best man came in next carrying a black bag. When he opened it, I saw an assortment of sexual toys and gadgets. I had no name for many of the items in the bag, but what he took out of the bag were some silken ropes, several small padded clamps and two chains of different lengths. He used the ropes to tie me spread-eagle to the headboard and footboard. Next, he clamped my nipples and connected them with the shorter length of chain. I cried out involuntarily when the first clamp began to squeeze, so he slapped me and proceeded to gag me. Then he spread my pussy lips, exposing my overly sensitized clit so he could clamp it, too. He attached second chain to the middle of the first one, shortened it so that it only had a few links' worth of slack, and then attached it to the clamp on my clit. Every time I breathed deeply, the chains linking the clamps pulled and caused pain so intense that it made me want to cry. He suddenly shoved a short, thick dildo into my ass and slammed himself into my cunt, which caused my clit to pull on my nipples. He then gave me the most amazing fuck I'd ever had. The pain, which had started out as excruciating, suddenly became incredibly erotic. He undid his handiwork when he pulled himself, limp, out of my cunt. He tossed his toys into his bag, kissed me on the forehead, and walked out.

The groom walked in a few minutes later carrying a bag like the best man's and I cringed inwardly because I didn't think I could handle another fuck like the one I'd just finished. I was relieved when he only took a couple of dildos out. When he came closer I saw that one was actually a vibrator with a controller attached with a cord. He put the dildo in my ass, mounted me, sheathed himself within my cunt, and then stretched my pussy to its limits by shoving the vibrator in too. He switched it onto 'low' and began to move in and out of me. I tightened my cunt and was slapped hard enough to bring tears to my eyes. Five minutes later, he turned the vibrator up to 'med' and I came in a burst that nearly shoved him out of me. He slapped me again and this time my head smacked against the headboard. After another five minutes of fucking, he turned it up again, this time to 'hi' and I tightened up to come again and he slapped me.

"Don't come until I say so, bitch!" He was breathing heavily and pounding in and out of me harder than ever. I could hardly control myself with the long, thick dildo shoved deep into my ass and the high-powered dildo and pounding cock in my pussy. Just when I could hold it no longer, I got lucky and he said, "Come now, you stupid, fat, whore!" I came and he came and then he told me to lick all the come off of his cock. While I did this, he started shoving the dildo in and out of my ass and then he took the vibrator, still set on 'hi,' out of my cunt and shoved that into my already stuffed asshole. I started coming and coming and he started drinking my come and tonguing my cunt and massaging my swollen, super-sensitive clit.

I was in the throes of a massive series of orgasms when I heard the door open and sensed eyes on me, but didn't dare look around for fear of getting slapped yet again. The other guys started cheering the groom on and making bets as to how long he could keep me coming. After what seemed like an eternity of coming, everything suddenly stopped. I heard guys muttering and vaguely heard a woman's voice. The groom moved away from me and I dared a look behind me. A beautiful woman stood in the doorway with a horrified look on her face. I was betting that I was the first she had ever seen actually doing whore's work.

The best man came up behind her and said, "I'm sorry. I thought you would home later today."

"Well you thought wrong. I said you could have the party here because I thought it would just be the normal bachelor party thing. You know, strippers and cigars, not a whore getting fucked blind and tortured with toys!"

"'Tortured' is a little strong, don't you think?"

"I want all of you out of this apartment immediately! That goes for you too, you fucking pig!" She told the best man. Then she came over to me and turned off the vibrator and took it and the dildo out of my aching ass.

"Are you the best man's girlfriend or something?" I said, relieved to be able to talk again.

"Hell, no. I don't know why anyone ever goes out with that pervert. I've seen his collection of 'toys.' It looks like he only used the clamps and ropes on you. I saw the last whore he had. She came out bloody from his games. I'm his roommate. I also happen to be a lesbian. I'm going to go get a hot bath ready so you can get cleaned off and cleaned out."

"Thank you. I don't usually do the controlling types, but I couldn't resist all of their big, cocks."

"While you're in the tub, I'm going to dispose of their toys."

As I relaxed in the steamy bathroom, I heard her rummaging around in the rest of the apartment, dropping things into a plastic bag. I heard her leave and then come back again.

She knocked on the bathroom door. "Mind if I come in?"

"No, not at all." I could see that she had changed her clothes. She was now wearing a man's undershirt with a v-neck that came down low enough to show the swell of her generous breasts. The shirt was worn so thin that I could see the rose of her nipples and the dark triangle of her pubic hair. The tub was a Jacuzzi and I found myself hoping that she would turn it on and press my swollen and bruised clit against the warm flow of bubbles and water and then let me come when I was ready.

Something must have shown in my eyes because she turned the dial on the control panel on to 'low' and climbed into the tub with me. The water made her already see-through shirt completely transparent. She stripped it off and reached out to massage my bruised nipples. Her other hand went to my still sore and stretched out pussy.

"Do you mind if I use one of my toys on you?"

"As long as you are gentle and let me come whenever I want to."

"Of course" With that, she pulled a strap-on, double headed dildo from a cupboard near the tub. She put one end in her pussy and strapped the harness around herself. And then pulled me on top of her. "Do whatever makes you feel good. Don't worry about whether you are pleasing me."

I proceeded to fuck myself on the slender dildo, reveling in the feel of control over my own body once again. We both came several times before we removed the dildo and took turns pressing each other's bodies against the Jacuzzi jets and fingering each other's assholes. Once we could no longer move without shuddering, we got cleaned up and went back to the bedroom to sleep for the day.