 This is a true story. My name is Tom and this really happened to me. If you don't want to believe this, that's okay with me. None the less, this shit really happened, and since it doesn't start with "now this is no shit," those of you who were in the US Navy will know that isn't a sea-story. It doesn't start with "Once upon a time" either, so it isn't a fairy tale....though believe me, the women in this story all had a fairly nice tail on them! Okay, I did change the names to protect the horny just in case you might know all of the real girls names and could put two and two together.

This was out in California (which somehow figures) quite a number of years ago - back in the days when getting laid and not knowing the boards name wouldn't get you killed from some exotic disease for which there is no cure. And so as to not be a complete sexist, a woman could screw a complete stranger and not die from it later too. Anyway, it was a dark and stormy night (I swear it was) and I was at this pizza place by myself, as I was too fuckin' lazy to cook that night, and there was a group of four women having what looked like a party. I had my pizza and after finishing my first beer, I had gone up to the bar to get a reload. While I was waiting on the bartender/cook, one of the women came up to the bar for the same purpose. "Hi," I said to her, "girl's night out party tonight?" 

"No. Bachelorette party. I'm getting married tomorrow." she said almost proudly. 

"You are getting married tomorrow, and this," I said gesturing around the dimly lit pizza parlor, "is you last fling before you get married?" 

"Yea. What's wrong with this?" she asked. 

This little broad must have thought a Tupperware party was a real scream. My beer had arrived and I took a sip. "It just doesn't strike me as living on the edge for one last time before you get married. I would have thought you would be doing something a lot wilder before you settled down to married life." 

"Well, I guess this isn't wild enough by your standards, but it's okay by my friends and mine." she said without much conviction. She picked up her beer and left for her friends.

And you're probably a good little church girl too. I thought to myself. I took my beer and returned to my table and resumed eating my pizza. I noticed that there was a small huddle as she returned to her table with the three other women there. Maybe they were going to do something really daring tonight after all - like have an extra beer. I kept eating my pizza and sipping my beer and only keeping half an eye on that "wild" party over at her table. Okay, I was watching them a little more closely than that as they were all really pretty good looking. I was just a little too far away to see who had a wedding ring on and who didn't, not that it would have mattered anyway, I was just too horny to have any moral convictions. 

About ten minutes later, they either had an election and the bride-to-be lost, or I had gotten to her. There was another huddle, a few giggles, and then she got up and came over to my table.

"Just what sort of wild things did you have in mind when you were talking to me at the bar?" she asked standing across my table from me. 

"I didn't have anything specific in mind." I said. "I just thought you all would have done something a little more thrilling. Something like the four of you stripping naked and driving over to a Jack-In-The-Box drive through and order something or pick up some guy that you don't know and screw him silly for the night. Hell, you could try girl on girl sex with your friends over there if you want. Rent a dirty movie and jill off together. Somehow pizza and beer with a few girlfriends just didn't seem to cut it. You can do that when you're married for Christ's sake. Just do one last wild thing that you don't have to get your husband's permission for." 

"I have never done anything like that!" she said without giving any hint as to which of the suggestions I had mentioned. Somehow the way she said that she had never done anything like that wasn't very convincing either.

"Well, this is you last night to take a whack at something like that and not get you husband pissed off about it. He doesn't own you tonight, but he will tomorrow night. Besides, he is probably at a bachelor party thrown by one of his friends that features a stripper! Think about it," I said, "he has the stripper, and you have a few girlfriends and a pizza. He is having one last fling, but..." I said gesturing around the dimly lit pizza place again, "this ain't exactly whooping it up!" 

"He won't own me then either! This isn't the fifteenth century."

The fact that I thought she might be owned by her husband once they were married seemed to upset her more than the notion that he might be enjoying a stripper tonight. "Maybe not, but he can make your life hell if he wants, and he can't do shit about anything you do tonight." That wasn't exactly true, but she got the drift. 

"I wonder if he really has a stripper tonight?" she said, sounding like she really didn't expect an answer. 

"Beats me, but I wouldn't be willing to bet against it." 

"Strippers don't screw the groom at those parties.....do they?" 

"Sometimes. Depends on the stripper and just how much they paid her." 

"I'll think about what you said." she said and left for her friends. 

By now I was done with my pizza and just about done with my beer too. I lingered just to see what those women were going to do now that I had planted a seed in their little blond heads. There was another huddle. This one lasted a lot longer than the last one, and it was probably a lot more interesting. I would have loved to have been a fly on the wall and overheard that conversation. There seemed to be another election and then the looser - one of the other girls - arose and came over to my table.

"Hi!" she said cheerfully, "Uh.....my friends and I were wondering if we could....uh...like go back to your place with you and....uh....party a little? Tammy is getting married tomorrow as you know, and we wanted to whoop it up a little with her one last time."

It sounded like she wasn't too sure of what she was asking for, so I thought I had better ask. "What kind of party did you have in mind?" I asked as I took the last swig of my beer. 

"Well, you know, like most of what you told Tammy."

"I take it you want to rent an adult movie and the five of us get it on?" 

"Somehow I don't think we'll need the movie." she said with a grin. "You got anything to drink there?"

"Beer." 

"That'll do. Where do you live anyway?" 

"About two blocks from here; in an apartment." 

"You ready to go?" 

"Sure." I wasn't about to pass this up! Four girls just asked me to join them in a sex party. You damn straight I was ready to go. I got up and went over to her table with her. 

We all got introduced. There was Tammy, the one getting married, Pam, Sue, and Sheila. That done, we left, them following me home. 

With everyone in my place now, it was time to find out just what they wanted to do. "Okay girls, what's it going to be? Strip poker, strip scrabble, or should I just turn the lights back off and we can all get naked and just grope each other in the dark so no one knows who is groping who other than each of you sure as hell will know when you are groping me?" 

"Hey, I like that last idea." Tammy piped up. The others like that idea too. They didn't find the need to have a huddle on this one. 

"Good. Uh....none of you girls are going to object to either being felt up or other wise played with by me or one of your friends are you?" I thought I had better check before we go too into this and found there was a wall flower in the crowd. I looked at them all and they were all shaking their heads without saying anything. "One other thing, are all of you on the pill so no one gets pregnant?" That was the one thing I really didn't need. This time the four of them were nodding their heads. There were a few giggles, but they were nodding their heads none the less. We were all set for a dark nude grope party! I had the feeling there was more than one closet bi girl here. This could get very interesting. "Okay, I guess we need a few rules for this. One, no one leaves this room. Two, as soon as the lights go out, we all get undressed. Third, there is no talking so no one can tell who is doing what to you. I guess there should be a fourth one, but I can't think of one. 

"Then douse the lights!" said Pam already starting to get her blouse off. 

"Okay, I'll give you all just a few seconds to find a chair or some place to put your clothes with the lights go out, and then they are going out. There was a chair by the switch where I was standing, so I was set. The others all found something quickly. There was a little giggling and they were ready. The lights went out. There was only a modest sized window in my living room, and now it was covered by heavy drapes. Conveniently there wasn't a street light outside my window. This and the fact that it was a dark rainy night to begin with made it very dark in that room. Even after our eyes got used to the dark we weren't going to see squat. I proceeded to strip as quickly as I could, but was surprised to feel a soft warm little hand find me before I was quite done. I got my socks off and I was naked. The hand that found me my now had quickly moved around and found my rather rigid cock. With the last of my clothes out of the way, I stood up. The hand held my cock out and a hot wet mouth found my cock and took most of it all the way in. This was certainly starting out well. I caressed the female form kneeling before me and tried to guess who it was. She had nice tits, but so did all four of them, and unfortunately they were all about the same size. Just as the one blowing me was really getting into it, an other soft little hand found me. This girl also found the other one who was playing with me.

"Shit Pam, I thought I was moving fast!" There was a slight pause, then a slightly muffled "Opps. Shouldn't have said that." 

That answered the question of who was blowing me. The voice of the other one sounded like Tammy, but I still wasn't sure. Finding that my cock was in use, she stood next to me and put her arms around my neck. I wasted no time in kissing her and my hands found her great tits. Her nipples were really hard and sticking out, just waiting to be played with. They had to wait no longer. While this one had her tongue half way down my throat, I was busy playing with her tits with one hand and the other hand slid down a very soft sexy body and ended up between her legs, finding that she was already very wet. 

Somewhere else in the room, two of the other girls had found each other from the sound of it. There were a few very sexy moans and groans coming from them. They had sounded playful at first, with a few giggles interspersed with the moans, but the longer it went on the sexier it got. It sounded like either one was doing one hell of a job of eating the other, or more likely, they were eating each other. I found that just the thought of what else was going on in this dark room very arousing. 

While this was going on, my finger had found the clit of the one standing next to me and I was gently but firmly working it over. It wasn't a huge clit, but at least it wasn't hard to find. I wanted to eat her while the other one was blowing me. That was going to be a little difficult to do while standing so I suggested that we all get on the floor. Not surprising, the two girls were all for this idea. 

We moved in the general direction of the other two, who sounded like they were still going at it hot and heavy, and got down on the floor. I lay there on my back and without saying anything, got the one I had been fingering to sit on my face. When that furry little muff lowered itself over my face I knew I was in heaven. She smelled great, and when my tongue flicked in between her puffy outer sex lips, I got a taste of a very wet, clean, and hot woman. The other girl resumed blowing me by laying between my legs. I could feel her hot body with both legs, and that only added to the excitement. The other two never even slowed down as we lay next to them, and even bumped into them from time to time. One of them was about to get off from the erotic sounds she was making. 

"Oh God this feels good. I am about to come!" came a slightly muffled voice from on of the two next me. 

I just kept on licking away at the one over my face. She seemed to be getting very aroused too. Her clit was nice and hard now and I was giving it a lot of attention with my tongue. 

"Oh that's nice." said the one next to me. Whatever the other girl was doing to her was about to get her off. "Yea, slip another finger into me. God I love this!" 

About now the Pam had to have a little something herself. She stopped sucking on me and I could feel her getting up. A few seconds later I felt her moving over me. I knew what was coming next. Her hand reached down and aimed my hard cock straight up while she positioned herself over it. When she was in position, she rubbed the head of it over her furry wet slit and then put it to her entrance and sat down on me, pushing my cock all the way into her. 

The one with her pussy plastered against my face moved a little now, making sure that part of her anatomy stayed in contact with my tongue, but it felt like she and the one sitting on my cock were now playing with each others breasts. The one on my cock wasn't moving much, but I could feel her very tight pussy squeezing my cock now and then. It became stronger as she started playing with the one sitting on my face. Just then the one next to me began to climax. 

"I'm.....coming!" she moaned. "Oh yes! .....Keep eating me! Lick my clitty!" About then there was a distinct slapping sound of a hand hitting a bare bottom. "Oh YES,....spank me. That feels sooooo good." The first slap was followed by quite a number of slaps. That produced even more moans as the one having the orgasm got even louder as she came. 

This apparently got to the one sitting on my face. "I'm going to come." she groaned. "All over his face. Damn he knows how to lick me." 

"Hold on just a minute." said Pam sitting on my cock. "I want to come at the same time. I can get off on this nice cock in just a minute. Wait for me okay?" She began bouncing up and down on me at a furious rate. 

Now I can hold off for some time being on the bottom....usually, but she was so tight and this whole scene was so hot that I knew I couldn't last either. I put my hands on the hips of the one fucking me and began to match her pace and slammed myself into her nice and hard. Her moaning got louder. All this time of course I was licking the one sitting on my face, and trying to keep her very hot but not get her off right away. Instead of spending all my time on her clit, I sucked and pulled on her sexy inner sex lips and licked at the juices coming from her opening. She was really close. All it would take to get her off would be a few seconds of determined licks on the underside of her firm clit. 

"Oh God that was hot." sighed the one next to me. It seems that her orgasm was over now. "You really know how to do that." she told the girl who had just gotten her off. 

"You taste good too." a feminine voice replied. 

"I'm COMING!" shrieked Pam bouncing up and down on me. "Oh FUCK ME TOM!" she yelled as she slammed herself down on my cock. "FUCK MEEeeeee!" 

I was only going to be a few seconds behind her. I started licking the clit of the one on my face and very soon she was coming too. This girl really got wet when she came! Her juices were getting all over my face as she gushed and came. She was groaning and moaning just as loud as the one coming on my cock. Finally I couldn't hold off any longer. "Here is comes." I groaned, and felt the first load of my come rush up my shaft and into the one sitting on me. I lost track of how many spurts of come I shot into her, but it felt like it went on and on. There was so much come in her that before I was done it was leaking out of her and running over my balls. 

When the three of us were done, the two girls rolled off me and lay on the floor to catch their breath. When Pam moved off me, it made quite a mess when the rest of the come suddenly gushed out of her, but I was too exhausted to care. 

About ten minutes later I could feel bodies moving around next to me. I thought one of the girls was moving into position to get the one off that hadn't gotten off yet. By now I had no idea where Pam was as she had moved off among the other three. 

Pretty soon I found a pair of legs not too far from my head. I simply moved over and lay on my side to get at the pussy of this girl, not having the slightest idea who it was. As soon as she felt me moving my head between her legs, she moved them around so that I could get to her pussy unobstructed. Just as I was about to give her a sever licking, I felt a hot wet mouth engulf my cock! Even though my cock was still very wet from my come and Pam's, this woman sucked on it with great relish. This was turning into a real oral sex fest. There was a lot of moaning going on in the room now, so I took it that the one girl who hadn't come yet, was going to, along with a couple the others, including myself!

I now started to eat the girl who had so kindly opened her legs for me and discovered that she had a huge clit! It was nearly three quarters of an inch long, very firm now and peaking well out of it's hood. This was a clit I could really get into. I began licking and sucking on her, and paying a lot of attention to her large engorged clit. My licking it, sucking on it, and swirling my tongue around it quickly got her near to coming. Apparently it was not only large, but very sensitive too.

The girl blowing me was a real pro at it. While I am not overly long, it felt like she was taking me part way down her throat and trying her damnedest to get me to come. In spite of having a cock in her throat, she was moaning more and more now, as it seems one of the other girls was eating her. Her getting near to coming didn't slow her down in her tireless attempt to get me to unload in her mouth. 

Between finding the large clit on the girl I was eating very exciting and having a girl blowing me that really knew what she was doing, I was getting very close to coming again. Moreover, I was about to come down a girls throat and had no idea who she was! 

The girl I was eating felt like she was getting very close herself. I reached up on her body and found her hard nipples and began to play with them, pulling and pinching them roughly as I licked and sucked on her magnificent clit. In no time she started to come for me. A climax for her must have been a religious experience. 

"Oh God...." she moaned. "Oh....God...I'm.......COMING!....OH GOD DON'T STOP EATING MEEEEeeee!" she screamed. 

This one got very wet when she came. I was licking her throbbing clit and lapping up her juices as fast as I could. Between this and getting one of the best blowjobs of my life, I couldn't hold off any longer either. I had a mouth full of climaxing pussy, so I couldn't say much, but I felt my shaft swell that last little bit, and then my body went stiff as I shot my first load of come down that girls sucking throat. It was followed by load after load of my come. Come, that after having just fucked Pam and filling her to overflowing, I thought I didn't have left in me. The girl blowing me never spilled a drop of it either. She sucked all of the come I could give her down like her life depended on it. She wasn't just swallowing, she was encouraging me to give her all I had by massaging my balls as she sucked and swallowed as fast as she could.

As I was coming, I heard a couple of the other girls start to come too. One of them was especially vocal. Since I had never heard her before, it must have been the one that hadn't gotten off on the last round of orgasms. It sounded like she was making up for it! 
