 As the plane descended, Delaney Hunter heard the pilot on the PA say, "Good evening ladies and gentlemen. We are just about to touch down at McCarren Airport in Las Vegas, Nevada, in just a few minutes, and we are right on time. The weather around McCarren is rather warm with temperatures in the low nineties. The local time is 10:43 pm, so those of you with regular watches might want to take a moment to reset them. Please remain seated until the plane comes to a complete stop and on behalf of the crew we wish to thank you for flying with us today."

Delaney fidgeted nervously, feeling the descent of the craft, taking several deep breaths. She hadn't flown since she was sent to Walter Reed over three years ago, just after being injured in the war. She closed her eyes; the memories of the cries she heard from the wounded on the same plane from that fateful trip haunted her. She wasn't screaming because she was sedated and drifting in and out of consciousness. She could feel the deep pain in her leg from where the IED had caught her. Little did she know that within a few hours of landing, she'd lose her left leg, just below her knee.

It was the wheels of the plane as it touched the ground that jerked Delaney out of her memories and made her shake. She knew it was PTSD that caused her to tremble, and she had to remind herself, she would be fine. There was only one person on the earth who could have gotten her on a plane again this soon, and that person was the reason she was now here.

The passengers quickly rose and began to gather their belongings, but Delaney waited. She knew just getting off the plane with her leg would be a challenge in itself, but the flight attendant took her cane and she knew she would need it to walk, without falling. Soon, people started filing off, chattering excitedly about what they would do first, or moaning about being tired. Delaney stood up, only to remember her leg wasn't attached.

She flagged down a flight attendant and said, "Excuse me, but I think I lost my leg."

Delaney grabbed her pant leg to show the gap below her knee. The flight attendant gasped and Delaney laughed. "I'm sorry. It's just lying on the floor. But I do need my cane."

"Do you need any help getting off the plane?"

"No, I just need my cane."

Delaney sat back down and reattached her leg, then stood up as the flight attendant handed her the cane. "Here you are ma'am."

"Thanks."

Delaney was one of the last passengers to leave the plane. She made the trek to the luggage area, and waited with the others for her bags. A few people glanced and whispered in her direction, but she didn't care. When her sea-bag finally made its way down the conveyer belt, she slung it onto her back and headed toward the door.

"Doc! Doc!"

The voice was the first bit of comfort she felt since she left. She looked up to see the dark straight hair and brown skin of her friend, Maria Valencia, running toward her. The two hadn't seen each other since her departure from Walter Reed two years prior, but it was like nothing had changed. Maria wrapped her long, slender arms around Delaney. The two friends hugged for what felt like an eternity, then separated. Delaney could see the glass eye staring back at her, and the scars around it from the same IED that took her leg.

"Evening Sarge," said Delaney.

"Evening Doc," said Maria.

"How was your flight?"

"Long."

"I'm so glad you're here."

"Only for you Sarge, only for you."

"Enough of that Sarge shit! Please, we're civilians now. Call me Maria. Please."

"Only if you call me Delaney."

There was a brief moment of silence, then they two women laughed. "Come on, my sister is waiting in the car."

Maria led Delaney outside into the suffocating heat. "Fuck me Maria! Do you like living in hell?"

"It's not that bad," said Maria. "At least the sun is down."

"Maria!" called a woman by a green convertible.

Maria led Delaney to the car and helped her put her bag into the trunk. "Ester, this is Delaney. Delaney, my sister, Ester."

Ester looked the way Maria did before she lost her eye, but was a bit taller and clearly older. "Good evening," said Ester.

"Hi," said Delaney. "It's nice to meet you. I remember Maria telling me about you all the time."

Ester looked at Maria and smiled. "Ironic, since all I've heard for the last month is Delaney this and Delaney that."

"Ester, you know Delaney's the reason I'm here today."

"Bullshit!" snapped Delaney. "You're the reason I'm here today."

Ester looked at the two, then said, "Shall we go then? Traffic going to be crazy enough as it is."

The two friends sat in the back and Ester drove them into Henderson, and Maria's parent's home. The house was spacious and homey, and abuzz with wedding preparations. Maria introduced Delaney to everyone, then took her to her bedroom.

"Tomorrow you'll meet Randolph," said Maria. "Then we'll get you fitted for your dress."

"When's the wedding again?"

"Saturday. The bachelorette party is Friday night at the best man's house. Randolph will be there as well. It's supposed to be quite the soirée. I hope you brought a bathing suit that isn't military issued."

"Bathing suit? You didn't mention anything about that."

"Oh? Well then I guess we'll have to buy you one tomorrow while we are out."

"You sure Ester will be willing to drive us around so much?"

"I can drive during the day if I want," snapped Maria. "My fucking eye doesn't prevent me from living."

Delaney sighed. "I'm sorry. I'm just now getting my driving privileges back."

"Can you drive?"

"Yeah, so long as it's not a stick."

Maria smiled. "Then tomorrow, you're driving."

"Me? I've never been to Vegas before."

"So what? I can give you directions and my car isn't a stick. It'll be fun!"

"Okay, sure." Delaney's voice had lost most of its confidence and joy from before.

Maria put her hand on Delaney's shoulder and said, "I'm sorry I snapped. I'm just so fucking tired of being treated like an invalid. 'Poor Maria, she lost her eye in the war.' Ugh! I lost my eye, not my fucking life."

"Try being me. Though, I did scare the shit of a flight attendant today."

"How?"

Delaney related the story about how she fooled the flight attendant. The two sat and shared stories and memories of their experiences. The next morning after Maria's mother fixed everyone a hot breakfast of omelets, the girls showered and headed out. Per Maria's word, Delaney drove them all over Las Vegas. Their first stop was at Randolph's work, the large law firm where he had been working since being recruited from law school. He was a handsome man with reddish-blonde hair and piercing green eyes, and it was clear to all he was madly in love with Maria.

Then they went to the dress shop for the final fitting for Delaney and Maria's dresses. Because Delaney only had the one leg, they had to find shoes that would work with it. Once that was done, it was bathing suit shopping. Each stop meant cool air conditioning, followed by blistering triple-digit heat. Delaney began to wonder if she would survive the extreme dry heat of Las Vegas and its triple-digit temperatures.

Friday arrived quickly and with the sun dipping in the horizon, the extreme triple-digit temps made the idea of a pool party sound refreshing. The girls wore loose tops and shorts over their suits, and drove to the party. The house was somewhat secluded and the valets took care of the cars. The girls wandered back to see naked and nearly-naked guests running around and jumping in and out of the pool.

"What the hell?" asked Delaney.

"Didn't I tell you it was bathing suit optional?"

"NO!"

"Oh, oops," giggled Maria.

Maria and Delaney removed their clothes, except for their bathing suits and headed out to the pool. Randolph swept Maria off and Delaney decided she wanted to swim. She sat down to remove her leg when a man approached, and said "Good evening."

Delaney looked up to see the tall, muscular man with the thick black hair, rugged jaw line, and deep-set brown eyes. "Hi."

"Did you lose that in the war?" he asked, pointing at her leg.

"Yeah," she said. "It was the same IED that took Maria's eye. I'm Delaney, by the way."

"Graham," he said extending his hand.

Delaney shook his hand and asked, "So are you a friend of the bride or groom?"

"Both. But more the groom. I'm the best man."

Delaney giggled. "We finally meet. I'm the maid of honor."

Delaney removed her leg, then stood up. "You're taller than I expected," said Graham.

"Don't let the leg fool you, I'm really rather short."

Graham laughed. He admired how the blue bikini seemed to both fit Delaney's natural curves and matched her blue eyes. Her delicate features and blonde hair made him wonder what a petite girl like this was ever doing in the Marines.

Delaney hopped to the pool and jumped in. Graham leaped in after her. The cold of the water was a sharp contrast from heat in the air and caused her to suck in a fast breath of air. All around them, couples were engaging in an assortment of sex acts. Delaney felt both uncomfortable and aroused. Since she lost her leg, she hadn't enjoyed the touch of a man, but relied on masturbation.

Graham swam up behind her and said, "Like what you see?"

"I didn't know this was going to be an orgy."

"Are you afraid no one will find you desirable?" Graham's breath was hot on her cheek.

"Kinda," she gasped.

"I find you very desirable."

"Really?"

Graham ran his hands up her arms. "Really."

He pressed his chest into her back, allowing her to feel his erection press into her ass. It seemed odd to her that he could be so hard in such cold water. Delaney began to sweat. A raw hunger filled her and she knew what she wanted to fill it. She turned her head and kissed Graham with a kiss that expressed her desire.

"You up for an adventure tonight?" he asked.

"What do you mean?"

"I promised Randolph a threesome if I could find a girl who was willing."

"What about Maria?"

"If she's willing, it will be a foursome. Are you game?"

Though she didn't want to ruin her friend's marriage, she did want to get fucked, and fucked hard. "Yeah, I'm game."

The couple swam over to the edge and climbed out. Graham carried Delaney's petite frame to a small grotto where Randolph was sitting on the edge of the pool and Maria was sitting in the water, sucking his cock. A fog rose up and danced in the air as Graham lowered Delaney into the icy cold water.

"Darling," said Randolph, touching Maria's head, "look who's here."

Maria stopped her blowjob and turned, "Delaney?"

Delaney smiled as Graham stepped into the water behind her. "You sure about this?" Delaney asked.

"Oh yes," she sighed. "It's my gift to Randolph."

Graham wrapped his arms around Delaney and kissed her cheek. "Just relax and enjoy."

Maria swam over and kissed Delaney hard, forcing her tongue into her mouth. Delaney could taste the precum from Randolph's cock on her tongue. Graham removed Delaney's bikini top and began caressing her full, firm breasts and small nipples.

Delaney's head spun from the kiss, the touching, and the temperature. The air was hot and thick, the water was icy cold. She felt Graham slide her bikini bottoms off as Maria led her to the edge of the pool where Randolph sat, his cock hard and shiny from Maria's saliva. Maria guided Delaney's head to her desired target.

Randolph moaned as he felt Delaney's mouth engulf his member. Unlike Maria, Delaney could deep throat his cock. Randolph's mind spun as he watched the petite blonde suck him the way he had only dreamed. Maria stroked Delaney's pussy under the water while Graham played with her nipples and whispered in her ear, "That's right baby, suck his cock for me."

Delaney couldn't believe how aroused she was, or how badly she wanted both these men to fuck her hard. Water splashed around her as she sucked. She could taste his salty precum and liked it. Randolph reached down and scooped her up onto the edge, causing her to release his cock with a slight pop. He slid into the water as Graham set Maria next to Delaney. Both men spread the ladies legs wide and began licking their pussies, Graham enjoying Maria's, Randolph having Delaney's.

Maria grabbed Delaney's face and kissed her as their respective pussies were eaten. The scent of arousal filled the small grotto, mixing with the moisture and heat. Delaney had forgotten about her missing leg, her war wounds, and gave in to her desire. Her orgasm raged through her body causing her to see stars and her body shook with the pulsing of her climax. Never had she enjoyed such deep pleasure before.

The men switched places and Graham licked Delaney's sweet pussy, savoring her juices. His cock was aching to be buried deep within her pussy. He stood up and placed his cockhead at her slit. He looked into her eyes, waiting for her approval. Delaney grabbed his hips with her legs and pulled. He slid in easily, filling her the way only a man could. Delaney moaned as he fucked. Randolph stood up and stuffed his cock into her mouth, while Maria sat behind her, tugging at her nipples.

Graham pounded Delaney's pussy with a fiery passion, aroused by watching her suck Randolph's cock. He could feel the swelling in his balls and knew his own climax was near. He grabbed Maria's hand and had her rub Delaney's clit, pushing her over the edge into a second orgasm. Graham pulled his cock out and shot ropes of sticky cum, coating Delaney's chest and Maria's arm. Randolph moaned and shot his load down Delaney's throat, who swallowed it down greedily.

Sweat poured down Delaney's body, except for the one leg still in the icy water. Maria kissed her cheek, tasting the sweat on her skin, and said, "Oh thank you Doc! I knew you'd be amazing!"

"Anything for you Sarge," moaned Delaney.

The air in the grotto was thick with heat, sweat, and sex. The aroma of the four's orgasms floated in the air. Graham ran off and returned with Delaney's leg and some towels. Maria and Randolph returned to the water, kissing passionately as Graham set Delaney on a chaise lounge nearby.

"So, mind telling me how you lost your leg?" asked Graham.

Delaney sighed. "You're the first person to ever ask. Sarge and I were in a convoy that was ambushed. Our jeep hit an IED that exploded. She took a piece of shrapnel to her eye, my leg was hamburger. I'm alive today because of her."

"I don't understand."

"Doc had me put a tourniquet on her leg to keep her from bleeding to death. I could barely see, but she kept a cool head and told me just what to do."

"Once she got my leg taken care of, I was able to put a patch on her eye to slow the bleeding down a bit. I couldn't save her eye though."

"But you saved my life," replied Maria "That's all that matters."

"So, did you two go through boot camp together?"

"Boot camp?" questioned Maria. "How could we?"

"Aren't you both Marines?" asked Graham.

"No," said Delaney. "I was in the Navy. The Marines don't have medical, they rely on the Navy for that. I was just lucky that my first deployment was with Maria."

"Because there were only two women in our company, we became instant friends," continued Maria.

"How long were you two there when you were hurt?" asked Randolph.

"A few months?" said Maria, a bit unsure.

"That sounds right," said Delaney.

"You don't sound so sure," said Graham, wrapping his arm around Delaney's shoulders.

"Side effect of my injury," said Delaney.

"We lost time with the injuries," said Maria. "Delaney and I were in medically induced comas for weeks."

"Maria got to go home a few months later," said Delaney. "Me, I stayed behind at Walter Reed."

"Shortly after I came home I met Randolph. He was taking care of some legal stuff for some of the vets; it was love at first sight."

"Even with her one eye," said Randolph, smiling and brushing Maria's hair back.

Graham leaned over and kissed Delaney. "Are you up for another round?"

Delaney smiled. "You don't mind fucking a gimp?"

"Gimp? All I see is a beautiful woman."

Delaney smiled as she kissed Graham. They were quickly joined by Randolph and Maria for several more rounds. The heat of the air mixing with the cold of the water added to the passion and excitement for all. None of the quartet slept that night.

The next day, in the air conditioned chapel, Maria and Randolph were joined. Delaney was sure everyone could tell by their faces they had spent the night fucking one another, but no one did. Graham enjoyed flirting with Delaney during the ceremony, watching her blush and squirm. At the reception, Graham got Delaney to sneak off to the restroom where he bent her over the sink and fucked her hard. As she climaxed, he swore he'd always be there for her, if she'd let him.

*~*~*

It was a warm June day at the little chapel. Delaney wore a short, white dress and blue flowers in her hair. Maria, her belly swollen with new life, wearing a short, navy blue dress, stood by her side and rubbed her arms. "You're doing the right thing."

"Am I?"

"Yes. Graham loves you, and you love him."

"I never thought any man would even look my way."

"I know how you feel. And unlike you, mine is much harder to hide."

With a last hug and a kiss on the cheek, the two friends walked down the aisle where Graham and Randolph were waiting, wearing navy blue suits. There, with family in the seats behind them, Graham and Delaney were married.