 I had my first orgasm within a few minutes. She was taking it slow. She had a thick dick, but my pussy was loose and wet enough to give her unrestricted passage to my innermost recesses. I was lost in the pleasure. I forgot about my marriage, I lost all inhibitions, I forgot about the world. I was ecstatic. She kept pumping slowly for a long time. I was moaning very audibly. I don't remember how much time had passed before she came inside me, I don't even know how many orgasms I had till then. I was satisfied, at least for the time being!

She pulled out and I started licking her dick clean.

"Tui bodlabi na. Chitkar korchhis, jodi keu chole ashe?" (You won't change. You're screaming, what if someone comes here?), she asked.

"Chudbe amake ar ki?" (He'll fuck me, what else?).

She laughed at this and said, "Ne Jama kapor pore ne, baire giye boshi." (Wear your clothes, let's sit outside).

There was a small clearing outside the shrubbery where we used to sit, it is in the open near the dirt path.

"Na aj eromi thakbo, tumio panty poro na." (No I want to stay like this today, you also keep you panties off), I said.

She was a bit perplexed, "Okhan diye lok jaye, toke dekhle tere ashbe!" (People use that path, if they see you they'll come at you!)

I said, "Amio paa chhoriye debo" (Ill also spread my legs.).

With this I spread my legs wide and she saw my moist cunt, glistening with my juices mixed with hers. She slapped my cunt hard. I shuddered and closed my eyes.

"Kal biye bole aj puropuri khanki hoye jabi?" (You'll become an all-out slut just because tomorrow is your marriage?), she asked.

I just smiled and rubbed my pussy up and down on her hand. She took my clothes and her panty and we were out of the thicket and into the open path. Settling down at the sitting area, she lit a cigarette and gave to me. She had given me this habit and I felt so good doing it. I told her about my day while stroking her dick with my free hand.

"Sotyi bol tor shobar samne langta hoye valoi lagchhilo kina?" (Tell the truth, you were feeling good being naked in public, weren't you?), she asked.

"Ha, kintu okhane tumi thakle..." (Yes, but if you were there...), she gave me a full lip kiss. I knew what she was doing, she just took a huge puff and was pushing the smoke inside me. I felt so erotic when she did this, I started stroking her harder. Suddenly her body went stiff, I understood, she was about to cum. I let the smoke out, hunched down on her dick with my mouth, so that my ass was facing the path, thrusted outwards and started sucking her off. She came pretty quickly and I happily gulped it down. I started licking her dick clean when I heard a whistle behind me. 

I saw 2 boys walking towards us from behind the thicket. I went back to cleaning her dick. When done I sat around spreading my legs. Anita still lay on the grass, me stroking her now limp dick slowly. I thought they'd turn back when they saw Anita's dick, they didn't.

Came closer and asked, "Rate ache naki free?" (Is it free or does it have a rate?).

"Ki mone hoy?" (What do you think?), I asked.

"Dekhe toh mone hochhe bohu loke free te party kore gechhe!" (By seeing you I can tell many people have partied for free!)

"Ekhane korbe na onno kothao jabe?" (Are you going to do it here or go somewhere else?), said one. 

"Bal naki? Kothay jabi? Ekhanei chudbo!" (Are you an idiot? We're going to fuck right here!), said the other.

"Video korbo?" (Can I take a video?), asked one.

"Ja ichha" (Whatever you wish), I said.

"O help korbe?" (Will she help?), said one motioning towards Anita.

I was still stroking her slowly, now it was hard and erect. She put out one hand and asked for the phone. They gave it to her and she got up and started recording. The boys didn't ask me about her once, you see sex with a hijra or a trans-sexual person is a taboo in our society. But here I was proudly displaying my slutty body to the public while blowing her.

The boys took off their trousers, both of them circumcised and with averagely sized dicks. But they were quite hard, already aroused. I took one in my hand and started stroking and the other in my mouth. I kept alternating between the boys and they seemed quite happy with that! They started mauling my tits, squeezing and pinching my nipples.

"Uff magi ekebare dasha!" (This slut is ripe!), said one.

Suddenly the guy I was stroking removed my hand and, raised my ass so that I was on all fours and inserted his dick in my cunt. It was throbbing with heat. He started pumping vigorously and I stated sucking in that rhythm. All the while Anita kept filming. A few strokes later the guy shot his load inside me and pulled out. No sooner than he pull out the other guy changed his position and started pumping. 

"Magi boddo loose!" (The slut is too loose!), he said.

This guy was amazing, I could tell he was pretty experienced. I started enjoying this thoroughly. The other guy shoved his now limp dick in my mouth. I slurped it up like a hungry bitch! He was hard in no time. I kept sucking intensely as the intensity of the other guys pumps went up. He was driving me crazy. The guy I was sucking off, suddenly went stiff and exploded in my mouth, he was spent. I gulped it down and started to lick clean his dick.

"Magi puro load kheye fello toh!" (This slut just swallowed the whole load), said the guy I was sucking off.

"Tui toh nongra magi, gud e nili, mukh e nili, hijrar sathe langta hoye khola mathe boshe chodachudi korchhis, anek khanki dekhechhi, tor moto dekhini!" (You are such a dirty slut, you let him cum inside your pussy, swallowed his whole cum, sitting here in the open field with a trans fellow all naked and fucking, I've seen a lot of whores, none like you!), said the guy vigorously fucking me. With this my mind went to today's events, which in turn made me wildly horny and I started moving my hips in rhythm to his thrusts. This made him cum, a lot. I was oozing cum from my cunt.

After they dressed up, they asked for my number, to which Anita intervened and said no. they knew better than to challenge her.

"Tor hoyechhe?" (Are you done?), asked Anita, after the boys were out of earshot.

"Na!" (No!), I said and gave a smile, while spreading my legs wide. We fucked there itself, again, she was the one who made me cum.

I wore my dress, but I was completely and utterly unkempt. Disheveled dirty hair, sweaty face and body, wet and dirty boobs and my pussy was dripping cum.

"Ei ne" (Take this), Anita said, handing me a plastic bag, "Er modhye amar ekta dress ache, okhane ekta bathroom ache, snan kore change kore ne." (This has a dress of mine, there is a bathroom over there, take a bath and change into this), she said pointing to a shed behind the thicket.

The bathroom had a bucket and a mug, no shower, just an old tap. I stripped and cleaned myself with a refreshing bath, cleaning my pussy thoroughly. I wiped myself with my clothes, then opened to see what dress she had given me. It was an off shoulder dress. It was quite short and mostly was less than adequate for my size. After wearing I noticed that the dress was shamefully short, coming just till my upper thigh and covering just my pussy. A bit off my ass hung out. Most of my tits were bulging out wards.

'No dancing in this', I thought and came out of the shed.

Anita saw me and commented, "Eto boro mai korechhis je dress ta nich obdhi pouchhachhe na!" (You've got such big tits that the dress is not reaching enough to cover you)

"Taxi dekechhi" (I've called for a taxi), she said.

The taxi came soon and I was ready to leave her.

She handed me a bag and said, "Tor rendigirir taka. Moja kor." (Money for whoring around. Have fun). This was the money she had earned from me whoring around for her.

I kissed her on the lips one final time and said goodbye.

The driver had seen me kissing Anita, he adjusted his rear view mirror as soon as I got on the taxi. I was sure he could see my pussy lips as the dress was literally covering nothing. I gave him a better view, spreading my legs a bit.

"Kothay jaben madam?" (Where will you go madam?), asked the driver.

"The Park." I said.

"Tantra?" he asked.

"Ha." (Yes), I was feeling a bit apprehensive, so I kept it short. I also crossed my legs, not wanting another fuck right now. The only thing I ended up doing was show him my ample ass.

"Madam, apni ki bhara khaten?" (Madam are you for hire?), he suddenly asked.

"Ha." (Yes), I blurted out and hastily added, "Ekhon na!" (Not now though!)

I could see he was smiling.

"Kothay thaken madam?" (Where do you stay madam?), he asked.

"Rabindranagar." I replied.

We reached our destination pretty soon, I paid him the fare.

"Madam number ta rakhun, dorkar hole call kore neben." (Madam keep my number, call if you need a cab.), he said giving me his number. I don't know why but I jotted it down and saved it in my phone. He was obviously thinking to get a call for sex, but I knew I wasn't going to call him.

"Kire taxi walar satheo?" (Even with the cabbie?), asked Tanaya.

"Rendir dress ta dakh, pakka gud dekhiyechhe oke!" (Look at this slut's dress, it's obvious she has shown him her pussy!), said Gogo indignantly and hit me squarely on my ass cheeks in full public view.

Tanaya is my best friend from my locality and Gogo was my elder cousin. I have had sexual relations with both of them. Tanaya had a better reputation than me in the locality, partly because her sexual cravings were way less furious than mine were. We did have fun though, she liked having 3somes with my boyfriends and me. She is a bit tall, with fairly athletic body. She has nice perky breasts, though pretty small compared to mine. Her only feature that made her special with my boyfriends was her tight pussy. She only had sex once in a fortnight, so her pussy was quite tight.

Gogo was a year older than me, my mother's niece. She had a reputation in high society, as she lived in Ballygunge (posh!) and attended parties, clubbing, etc. She used to take me to house parties where we used to get naked and fuck 2 or 3 guys. She had implanted boobs, so, huge! She was mostly the financer in our parties.

"Tate tor baaper ki eshe jae?" (Why does that bother your father? {The father thing is a slang metaphor for her}), I said in response to Gogo's comment. I immediately remembered that her father would mind. He used to fuck me regularly a few years ago.

"Ok slut calm your tits!" said Gogo, "Let's go inside."

The disco was quite crowded and a bit hot and musty. A lot of people, mostly guys filled the disc. A few girls here and there, dancing, drunk and obviously getting groped. We went to the bar counter and ordered drinks. All of a sudden we were ambushed by 6 or 7 guys offering to buy us drinks, mostly me. I happily obliged them. I realized that the dress I was wearing was showing more skin than I intended to.

After about 6 drinks I was asked to the dance floor by a tall guy, Gogo and Tanaya were already dancing. I knew if I jumped around a bit ill show everything, but I was tipsy enough to not care. So, I threw my hands up and started dancing like crazy. Suddenly I was surrounded by 2 more guys who started dancing.

Then their hands started moving on my body. By their touches on my nipples, ass and pussy, I understood they were already outside my dress and in full view. I was getting turned on like crazy.

"Woah, you're a bit rough down there." Said the guy in front of me, while I felt his hand on my pubic region, "Damn, your pussy is flappy." He was tugging on my pussy lips. Then he inserted one finger inside, then two. Feeling it to be insufficient still, he tried 4.

"Have you ever been fisted?" he asked, I nodded meekly.

"I knew it, you're very loose!" he said with a chuckle.

At this point, I was surrounded by guys. My dress was bunched up around my stomach. I was being brutally man handled. I was suddenly swooped to the men's room. 5 or 6 guys on my tail. The guy who took me there wasted no time and made me enter a bathroom stall and sit on his dick. All the guys who tailed me there fucked me. None of them taking over 7 or 8 minutes to cum. At the end of it all I got fucked by about 12 to 15 people. I cleaned up, got dressed, walked out to the floor and was aghast. It was completely empty.

The bouncers told me it was closing time and I had to leave. I took my bag, checked my cell immediately. 12 missed calls, all from Tanaya. 'Gogo, that bitch', I thought.

I called Tanaya. Taking the call I asked her, "Kire tora kothay?" (Where are you guys?)

"Amra toh anek khon beriye gechhi, jei chheleta tor shonge dance korchhilo, o eshe bollo tui bolechhis amader chole jete." (We got out of there long ago. The guy who was dancing with you told me that you had told us to leave.), she said.

"Tai naki?" (Did he say that?), I stuttered, felling a pit rise in my stomach. 'How will I get back now?' I thought.

"Ha, tor kachhe naki kar number achhe?" (Yes, you have some number I guess), she said.

Then it stroke me. I had that cabbie's number, I could call him. I disconnected the call and checked the watch, 12:10. I called him, hoping he would be awake. To my surprise, not only was he awake, he was still on the road. I asked him to pick me up and he said he was coming.

Half an hour later a yellow cab pulled to a stop in front of me and I saw 3 men already sitting out, waiting of course for me. The backdoor flew open, I was welcomed to take the middle seat. I saw the guys in the back wearing vests and lungis. I hesitated a bit and looked at the driver.

"Chole asho madam, ekhon gari pabe na, hete firle rastae fele chude debe tomake." (Come in madam, you won't get a cab at this time, if you try to walk you'll be fucked on the streets.), they all laughed at this statement. But I knew he was right.

'There is no other choice', I thought and started to get on. When I bent to get in through the door, the guy behind me forcibly pulled up my dress to my stomach. I was a bit stunned at this, then again these guys were there to fuck me. I just got up and adjusted my dress, they started laughing.

"Khule felo na, gorom lagchhe toh, khub tight na?" (Open your dress, it's too hot and your dress is tight), said the driver and the two guys on my sides started taking it off. I didn't protest, just put my hands up to make it easier. All the guys were amazed at this but went through with removing my dress and making me completely naked. When the dress was off, I relaxed a bit, leaning back on the seat and parting my legs so they got the full view.

"Besh khasha magi toh, tomar rate koto?" (This slut is quite hot, what's your rate?), asked the guy sitting beside the driver, all the while the guys on my side are probing my body with their hands. One grabbing my boob and another playing with my pussy lips.

"Aj free!" (Its free today!), I said with a naughty smile. All the guys smiled in agreement. The car sped up.

My hands were guided down to their dicks, both circumcised and well sizes. I started jerking them, while they were mauling my boobs. The guy in the front started recording. I spread my legs farther and guided their mouth to my nipples. They started sucking hungrily, I was getting very wet. I stopped jerking and bent down to the guy to my left and started sucking him off. I pushed my ass up to the other guy suggestively, but he didn't do anything.

"Bokachoda, magi gud egiye dichhe, chude fatiye de!" (You dumbfuck, this slut is offering her pussy to you, fuck her silly!), said the guy recording. He immediately started fucking me with a vigor of 10 men. I was in heaven. We inter changed after 10 min, none of them had cum. Another 15 min later the guy fucking my pussy burst out inside me.

As soon as he pull out I started sucking his dick and the other guy started to fuck me. The guy I was sucking off had become hard in no time. The car suddenly stopped.

"Ekhane!" (Here!), said the driver and they all got out. I got out too. It was a deserted road side, but completely in the open and very much illuminated. They took out a large mattress from the trunk of the car and sprawled in on the ground. They took out a liquor bottle and 4 glasses.

"Amar kothay?" (Where's mine?), I asked pointing at the glasses. The guys chuckled and brought out another glass. I sat there with guys, completely showing off my pussy, like a slut in heat. This time the driver started recording.

We drank a few rounds, of course the guys kept groping me in turns. Suddenly one guy lay and took off his lungi, I understood and promptly started sucking him off. A few moments later I felt my ass filled by a dick. Soon the guy I was sucking came profusely in my mouth, I gulped it down and cleaned his dick by sucking. To my wonder he was hard again. He pulled me towards him and made me sit on his dick. The guy who was fucking my ass, pulled myself up a bit and again filled my ass.

I was plugged in both my holes. I looked around at the other 2, they were jerking while recording me. I called them over, they readily came over. I started sucking one and jerking another with my free hand. This went on for quite some time. The guys were interchanging positions every few minutes. The guys who were cumming came to my mouth to get sucked and regained their hard on. When it ended, I had cum several times, my holes were dripping with cum, I was sweating like a pig and I was cock drunk.

"Cholo bhai, 2to baje!" (Lets go guys, its already 2 o clock!), said the driver. We all got on the taxi. I was still naked and horny. When the car started, I leaned down on one guy and started giving him a sloppy bj.

"Baapre ei magi toh shob rosh ber kore nebe!" (Oh god, this slut is going to drain us dry!), said the guy beside me.

"Tui shamne eshe bosh, oke chudte de." (You come and sit in the front, let him fuck her.), said the driver and stopped the cab. The guy got out and went to the front seat. 

The guy I was sucking off, lay down on the seat and I started jumping on his dick. He came in no time, pulled out and I cleaned him up. The car stopped again and he got out and went to the front seat. The guy who went to the front seat before came back.

"Ebar ami." (Now it's my turn.), he said and lay down on the seat.

After he was done the other guy came and we fucked. When we were nearly done, I noticed that we stopped near our locality.

"Ebar kothay?" (Where to now?), the driver asked and I gave the direction.

When we stopped next, the guy I was fucking, came inside me. I started cleaning him.

"Puro rendi magi, bari pouchhe gechhe tao bara chosha chai!" (Such a horny slut, she's home but sucking dick comes first!), said one and they all laughed out.

I got out, still naked, took my bag and asked the driver, "Koto?" (How much?)

He smiled and said, "Payment hoye gechhe madam." (I've received my payment madam.)

With this the cab sped away and I was left at my door completely naked. I took out my cell and called my younger cousin.

"Hello, bol taratari ami mod khachhi." (Hello, say quickly, I'm drinking.), he said.

"Mod khachhis, bokachoda ami bari dhukbo kikore?" (You're drinking, dumbfuck how am I supposed to enter the house now?), I asked.

"Tor ma ke phone kor." (Call your mother.), he said.

"Baal ami nangta!" (Idiot I'm naked!), I almost screamed.

"Nangta hoye bari firechhis? Kotojon thapalo re? Ekhane chole aye, shobai ache, heavy masti hobe!" (You came home naked? How many fucked you? Come over, everyone is here, we'll have fun!), he said very excited at the prospect of a gangbang.

"Masti mane amay shobai fele chudbi taito? Nah, aj ar valo lagchhe na, barite ar ke achhe?" (Fun as in you're all going to fuck me right? No thank you, not in the mood anymore, who else is there at home?), I asked.
