 Hidden far away in the Texas hill country, down many winding roads that cut through the mountain cedar trees and limestone hills lays a crystal blue river. The river is so clean and so beautiful, that many times, a person can see straight to the bottom of it. Downstream, a lake that holds world records for Black Bass has been dammed and has become a favorite local tourist attraction. But upstream from the lake is where most people like to live, on the banks of the river. It's much more peaceful there, and away from any crazy tourists. 

Emily Banks and her parents owned one such property. That is, they owned twenty acres of land; ten of them covered in cedar and shrub, and the other ten part of the riverbed, which did fill up occasionally during floods. They had a nice, custom-built country home secluded behind some trees that could warm anybody's heart just looking at it, and even a small horse barn. At the water's edge, a small, floating dock was anchored, and a little johnboat was tied off to it. 

Those riverfront properties never came cheap, however, and most people couldn't afford such a plot of land. Emily's parents, before they retired, were high-ranking executives at an extremely popular company in a nearby city. They grew tired of the city life, however, and when Emily turned seventeen, they decided they'd had enough of living around people. 

The three of them were not unfamiliar with the country life, though, as the couple had grown up together in a small farm town, and also owned horses and boarded them while they lived in the city. Because of this, Emily had the best of both worlds, and she was fine with either. If she was going to be put in the country, she'd put her straw hat and boots on smiling, and she did. 

A year later, Emily became eighteen, and the summer of freedom, the post-graduation summer, had swept the hills with the sun shining so brightly every day, no clouds to be seen. The lake this time of year was abuzz with idiot boaters, and law enforcement was always working on accidents there. But upriver, life remained the same as it always was. The river flowed quietly across smooth rocks and natural carvings of limestone. There was never an obnoxious sound to be heard, except the occasional prop plane landing at the lake airfield. 

There was no doubt summer doubled the beauty of the Texas hills, but the consequence that every summer brought with it was drought. The river would become so low at times that the floating docks lay on dry gravel like an old, broken down fence, and public boat ramps would become small roads that led nowhere. It was those times of year when the river depth at the Banks' property was only six feet. Those times of the year were also Emily's favorite riding time. 

Emily's favorite time consumer, besides going into the nearby town to hang out with friends, was to ride her horse, Pepper, along the dry riverbanks, many of which had become small beaches. Across the water and downstream from her place was the River Tavern, a hot spot for Independence Day and things like that. It had a bar, grill, beach, boat ramp, and even a stage for the rare occasion a band would play there. The River Tavern was very old and in need of repairs, however, and though Emily had seen it bustling with tourists for her previous summer, the current summer was dead. She'd heard from a friend rumor that the owner had shut it down for a year to rebuild a lot of it, including the boat ramp. 

One sunny day in June, Emily's friend Jennie came over to ride horses with her. The two decided that their chosen route would include crossing the river and checking out the tavern. So, without any hesitation, the two girls headed downstream on their horses, chatting away, enjoying the sunny day. They had expected to find the tavern deserted, except for maybe the owner, but what they found was a surprise. As they slowly and cautiously approached the cove of the boat ramp, they saw the silhouettes of two cowboys, digging with shovels. They seemed to be working hard, and the closer the girls got, the more they realized how muscular and sweat-covered the boys were. The girls giggled and became excited, hoping they might get a nice double take of eye candy. 

"Hey! Looky there" Cody stopped Wyatt by grabbing his shoveling arm, and pointed at the approaching cowgirls.

"What about um?" Wyatt answered as he continued shoveling. 

"Maybe we've found you a woman!" Cody answered excitedly as he wiped sweat from his forehead.

"Dammit, Cody! Every time you see a woman on a horse, you think she's for me."

"Well, shit man, every time I point one out for you, you say it ain't her. I'm just sayin' that maybe you should stick up for yourself sometimes. You ain't got enough confidence to getchya some."

"Shit, Cody!" Wyatt threw down his shovel and took a sip of water from a nearby jug, "I'm sick of this. You always call me a pussy for not gettin' any pussy. I've gotta problem, man; I'm just damn shy. You know that..."

Cody cupped Wyatt's mouth to silence him and whispered, "Here they come. I want you to act suave, like a cowboy should. Think cool; think, um, George Strait!"

"I can do George Strait."

"Well quit tellin' me and do it. Shhh! Act natural." Cody straightened up and the two boys quickly dusted each other off and turned towards the girls, who were stopped in the shallow water just in front of them. Wyatt was frozen with a shy fear and just stood there with the cheesiest grin; he resembled one of those carved Indians that stand in front of store doors to greet customers. Cody also had a cheesy smile, but he was able to speak as he walked up to the side of Jennie's horse, "Howdy, ladies! How can I help y'all?"

There was a reason that Wyatt had frozen up as he did, and it was because he was pleasantly surprised by the two ladies who had just ridden into his life. Even though he was petrified and not talking, he certainly thought to himself that they were both beautiful things, especially the blonde. Emily was the blonde, or dirty blonde to be exact. She wore a stylish straw cowgirl hat, and her golden hair shimmered so well in the untamed sunlight. Her green eyes and her full, red lips highlighted a beautiful face. A short-sleeved, red-plaid western shirt covered her body, but revealed some cleavage where it was unbuttoned at the top. She also wore tight, dark, blue jeans and brown boots. Wyatt found himself much more attracted to Emily, but did give Jennie some credit for being sexy, too. Jennie had brown hair and blue eyes, and she wore a similar straw hat. The girls obviously shopped together and enjoyed the same styles, because Jennie's shirt was a blue version of Emily's, and everything else she wore was the same.

Jennie looked at Emily and rolled her eyes in response to Cody's not-so-hot, cliché greeting. Then, she turned back to Cody and answered, "Is that all you got, fella? My dog can come on better than that." 

Cody was so embarrassed that his face turned bright red as he searched for a clever response, but he remained speechless and stuttering. 

"Jennie!" Emily said. The girls started laughing and Emily continued, "Don't mind her, sir. She's a bitch." Jennie giggled. Both of the ladies were acting a little goofy because they'd found two handsome cowboys, sexy as ever, working in the hot sun. The boys could be mistaken as twins from afar, because they were dressed in matching outfits. Cody had brown hair, but it was a buzz cut and didn't fit him very well. Maybe that's why he wore a straw hat. His brown eyes seemed to match the shade of his hair perfectly. To a woman, he was very sexy; slender all over, with muscular arms, real six-pack abs, and a sleeveless, white shirt to display it all. He wore blue jeans, which displayed his cute butt very well. He wore brown working boots, and was covered in a film of limestone dust and dirt. 

"What's with stiffo over there?" Jennie pointed to Wyatt. Wyatt was dazed away, almost drooling. His hat shaded his face and hazel eyes, and he had an identical body to that of Cody, except he was a little shorter. His hairstyle was much longer and wavier, too, which made his brown hair a sexier look than Cody's buzz cut. 

Cody, after losing his pride said, "Oh, nothing, he's just shy."

"A shy one, eh?" Jennie laughed.

"Ladies," Cody announced as he swallowed a lump in his throat, "I'm sorry, but we don't have all day. Is there something I or my bud Wyatt can help you with?"

Before Jennie could smart off again, Emily answered, "Yeah. We were wondering what exactly y'all are doing."

"Oh, the owner of this place hired us to help him update it. Right now we're smoothing the way for the new boat ramp" Cody said.

"That's neat," Emily responded, "but how does he know y'all?" "We're just some friends of his, looking for something to do."

"How old are y'all?"

"Well, I'm twenty one, and Wyatt's twenty. Why?"

"We're just curious, that's all" Emily blushed a little because she didn't plan to ask that question, it just slipped out.

"What about y'all?" Cody asked out of fairness.

"We're both eighteen."

Cody became more aroused and said, "Nice."

"Y'all know of anything fun to do around here?"

Cody thought for a minute, and remembered that they were having a private party in the tavern that night with some friends. There'd be barbeque, beer, and dancing, but he wasn't sure if he should invite teenagers. But then, after studying each girl's sunlit cleavage, he decided that he'd invite them, "Yeah! In fact we're having a big dance tonight with a bunch of our friends here. Why don't y'all c'mon over tonight?"

"Hey, that sounds like a great idea! Thanks, we'll be there." 

Emily started blushing again, but then realized that Jennie had dismounted her horse. She looked over at Wyatt, where Jenny was snapping fingers in his face. Wyatt remained still, not even blinking. He truly was dazed. "Damn this guy's good" Jennie said. Then, she pushed at his arms a little, and he seemed to lean some, but his feet stayed in their place. 

An evil grin came across Jennie's face, and then she began to move her hands up and down his muscular chest. She even lifted his shirt and rubbed his nipples a little, with no reaction. "What the fuck's wrong with him?" Jennie's curiosity took over and her hands made their way to Wyatt's crotch. Both Emily and Cody looked shocked at her action, both with their mouths dropped. She began to cup his crotch, feeling around his jeans for his cock and balls. She quickly found his cock, as it had become petrified like him, and she said, "Well, he ain't dead. That's for damn sure."

Just as Jennie had began to rub all over Wyatt's crotch, Cody snapped back to reality, grabbed his shovel and said, "Okay, we've got to get back to work now. We'll see you ladies tonight." Cody tried to place a shovel in Wyatt's hands, but it just fell to the ground. Cody bravely guided Jennie back to her horse, and she re-mounted without a scene. Before the girls could say anything, Cody whipped back to work.

As the girls rode off, Emily told Cody, "Tell your friend when he wakes up that he's got a dance partner. I think he's cute."

"Will do!" Cody waved back. When the girls had returned to the Banks' property and gone far from sight, Cody stopped working again and said, "Dude! That was fucking awesome! Hey, they're gone you can snap out of it."

Just as Cody began to think that he would receive no answer from Wyatt, Wyatt said, "I know, wasn't it?"

Cody was a bit scared when Wyatt finally spoke, and jumped back when he heard him. "What the fuck happened to you, dude?"

"I don't know, I just zoned out."

"Well, do you know what happened?"

"Yeah, I came back to reality right as that brunette started rubbing my nipples."

"Well, you suck at George Strait, but damn you're a good mime."

Wyatt laughed as he sat down, "I wonder how far she would've gone if you hadn't of stopped her."

"No tellin'."

"Then why'd you fuckin' stop her?"

"Well, just think of it as protection, man. What if a damn police boat came up the river or something, and saw this chick sucking away at your dick, and the two of us watching. Or what if Ron came down here to check on our progress only to find us fucking the shit out of those chicks."

"Well, one thing's for sure, I wouldn't of minded the brunette doing it, but I was certainly much more attracted to the blonde one."

"Good, because that's who you're gonna date tonight. The brunette is too strong of a woman for you."

"Man, fuck you! But okay, I like the blonde better."

"Done deal. Now let's get back to work before we start thinking about them chicks again."

"Yeah."