 The days can be long when working at a bank as a teller So much monotony to the work -- cashing one check after another, writing out money orders and cashier's checks, making sure all the mothers with antsy kids have lollipops packaged with their change -- and when you have to look at the clock every few minutes, it just makes the days go all the longer.

So it was for Lilly, who had been in the post for several years. 

Sure, the work was easy, but those long days were difficult. Especially since she liked to spend as much of the time as she could fantasizing. And that was never a hard thing to do since her husband, Kevin, was a security guard at the same bank. 

They had been together for years -- they were high-school sweethearts -- and they never really planned to work in the same building, but it just sort of happened. 

The upside was that Lilly and Kevin could steal glances at one another, exchange the occasional dirty words or even text messages and try to make the time go faster. The downside was that despite all the naughty looks and suggestive quips, they never were able to sneak into the vault for a blow job or onto the manager's desk for a fuck. 

There was just too much danger involved to even try, especially with video cameras everywhere.

So, Lilly was left with just her daydreams and the usual going-through-the-motions sex at home, though she was hopeful that would change soon. See, Lilly and Kevin, because they'd been together so long, had been talking about, possibly, getting into the swinging lifestyle. Because they'd gotten hitched at such a young age, they both felt like maybe they had missed out on a lot. Lilly had several fantasies she wanted to explore, such as being with a woman and being dominated by a man, things she had only recently verbalized to her husband. Kevin had been itching to watch his wife be with a woman and experience a threesome. They had only recently discussed maybe trying to make these things happen, but it was a big step and still very much in the discussion phase.

As Lilly sat there one Wednesday, though, sorting through her drawer and staring off into space, she found herself thinking she needed to move from discussion to action. She looked out at the lobby and saw Kevin in his uniform, and she thought he looked particularly hot today. He wasn't a particularly tall or muscular man -- in fact she was slightly taller -- but he was well defined and confident. Lilly began wondering when the last time they'd had sex was, realized it had been several days, and she began to sense she was eager for it. She crossed her long legs, felt the moistness underneath her cotton panties, and realized, wow, she really was in the mood. 

She continued to look at Kevin, wanting to give him a sultry glance, but he was staring off in to his own little world for what seemed like an eternity. Lilly finally realized he was staring toward the assistant manager's cubicle, where sat a customer with shoulder-length reddish-brown hair, a sexy black top and blue jeans and beautiful large breasts. Lilly recognized the woman, a regular customer, but could remember only her first name -- Allison. 

Normally, Lilly might have been miffed to see Kevin so obvious about his staring, but in this case, Lilly understood; she had an attraction for Allison herself. 

Before she knew it, Lilly found herself with her hand in her lap, underneath the counter, slightly caressing her own crotch. Not enough that anyone could possibly see; but enough that she could apply pressure on the piercing she had in her clitoris. No one but Kevin knew about the piercing; it was something she got to kind of make herself feel younger than she was, sexier than she perceived herself to be. As she pressed into it a bit, she began imaging what would happen if she could get a note to Kevin. 

It would read something like, "Get that woman discreetly into the private conference room." 

Lilly imagined handing the note to Kevin and him going to Allison, whispering in her ear, and Allison turning around to gaze at Lilly, chuckling knowingly and nodding approvingly. Lilly imagined Kevin leading Allison back to the conference room, following her in and closing the door. 

As Lilly continued to press her hand into her crotch and felt the piercing make her clit throb, she imagined herself getting up from her seat, making sure no one was watching her, and going into that conference room. She imagined Allison sitting on that table, her legs spread open like an invitation, curling her finger as an order to come over. Lilly imagined herself walking in and Kevin shutting the door behind her, then locking it.

Lilly imagined going to the table, Allison grabbing her by the waist and pulling her close, then wrapping her blue-jeaned legs around her. Lilly imagined Allison grabbing the back of her head, sliding her fingers between the strands of her long, blond hair and pulling her lips toward hers. The ensuing kiss was passionate, Lilly's tongue scraping rough edges of Allison's teeth, Allison gently biting Lilly's lower lips and rigorously pulling the back of her head. Then, Allison moved her hands lower to grab Lilly's ass, as Lilly, losing herself, put her hand up Allison's shirt and felt the rough outline of her bra. 

Lilly imagined putting her fingers inside the bra and pinching Allison's nipples, listening to her groan as she felt the pleasure of that. She imagined Allison pulling her hands from Lilly's ass and gently putting them up her thighs, underneath her skirt and caressing the outside of her dripping wet pussy. 

Lilly imagined the hot sensation of having her clit rubbed while making out with this beautiful woman, and it drove her wild. Thankfully, there were no customers coming into the bank and Lilly imagined pulling Allison's jeans and underwear off, then kneeling down to lick her pussy as she remained sitting on that conference room table. 

Lilly imagined licking Allison's clit slowly, then quickly, horizontally, then circularly. She imagined sucking on it, spitting on it, looking up at her eyes, then back down to her crotch. She imagined taking Allison's smooth legs and putting them on her shoulders, then sticking one finger, no, two fingers, into Allison's sopping wet pussy as she licked her clitoris. She imagined Allison moaning and groaning, but doing her best to keep her voice down, as she came once, twice, maybe even three times, as Laura rigorously finger-fucked her. 

She imagined what her pussy would taste like, what smell it would leave on her fingers and face. The thought was driving Lilly wild. 

As Kevin came into her eyesight in real life, Lilly remembered that he was in the room in her fantasy. She imagined standing up, feeling him come up behind her, grabbing her breasts from behind, with his cock trying to poke through his pants and bumping into her ass. 

She imagined Kevin pulling down her skirt and underwear, taking off her top, exposing her perky breasts. She imagined laying down on the table, as Allison took off Kevin's pants, while putting his cock in her mouth. She imagined watching them for a moment, Allison taking all of his enormous cock into her mouth. It was driving into the back of her throat, and she could hear Allison gagging as she held it there, as long as she could. Then, when she backed off, she could see the drool hanging off Kevin's cock. 

Lilly imagined Kevin taking his shirt off with one hand, using his other to pull Allison's head hard against his cock. Cory was groaning, Allison was moaning, Lilly was getting wet, wanting one of them to fuck her. 

Lilly imagined she got that wish in spades. Allison got on top of her, put her pussy over Lilly's face, and told her, "I want you to lick my clit until I come three times."

Lilly had never come more than once, so the mere suggestion that Allison, in this fantasy, was demanding what would have amounted to a sixth orgasm, seemed incredulous, but she followed orders and started licking away. 

Meanwhile, Allison started licking Lilly's clit ring, sticking it in her mouth, twirling it between her tongue, spitting on her vagina to make it wet as possible. (Not that it wasn't wet enough.) As Lilly worked on Allison, and Allison on her, Kevin slowly slid his cock inside Lilly's tight pussy. He kept going in, further and further, until it was deeper than it had ever felt before. Allison had stopped licking and used one hand to spread Lilly's lips open wide as could be, making it easier for Kevin to penetrate. Allison used her other hand to rub Lilly's clit.

Lilly imagined Kevin fucking, Allison spitting and stroking, and having this raw pussy on top of her face, and Lilly felt her whole body to begin to shudder -- for real. 

She was pressing her hand into her crotch so hard, vibrating it as much as she could without anyone noticing. The sensation of her hand, but mostly the awesomeness of her fantasy, gave her an intense orgasm. 

She felt her whole body quiver. She dreamed of Kevin's cum exploding all over her pussy and onto Allison's tongue, as Allison's juices covered her face. Lilly felt like she must be streaming wetness down her leg and onto the floor, but it was just the sensation of losing herself in this fantasy, for no one could tell what was going on.

She didn't think ...

.. Until she looked around and realized everyone was staring at her. No, not at her, but at the customer who was at her station. Lilly hadn't even noticed him. Why was everyone looking? 

She tried to snap herself out of the orgasm-induced haze and, when she did, she heard the man screaming at her, "Lady, don't make me repeat myself. Where is the manager?"

Oh my God, she thought, is this a robbery?

"I'm sorry, sir, what?"

"Lady, you are getting on my nerves," the man said. "Where is the manager. Don't make me use this thing." 

She looked down and saw he had a handgun in the waist of his pants. His hand was near it, as the man was threatening to grab it. 

Lilly's first instinct was to look for Kevin. She found him, sitting next to Allison in the assistant manager's cubicle, with another man pointing a gun at both of them. 

Lilly must have really been out of it to have missed all of this.

She scanned the room and realized the manager wasn't there. Or course, he had called in sick today. What about the assistant manager? Nope, he was at a meeting at the corporate office. 

There was no one in charge, not really, not right now. Lilly nervously explained all this to the man at her station.

"Fuck," he said, then stared blankly ahead, as if in thought.

He looked at her nametag.

"OK, Lilly, I guess it's your unlucky day. You are taking me to the vault."

"I don't have access to it," she lied.

"Yes, you do," he said. "Grab the keys, and let's go."

"No, really, I don't know how to get in there. Only the managers can."

The robber stared ahead with a look of anger in his eyes, but he calmly said, "Look, Lilly, I don't really have time to play these games. So, I'm going to make this easy. You cut the bullshit right now, take me into the vault, or I'm going to have my friend back there shoot your husband in the back of the head."

Lilly was stunned. How did he know about Kevin? She wasn't about to mess around with it, though, not to save the money for this bank, which she kind of loathed.

She stood up from her chair, felt the air hit her clammy crotch as she walked, then grabbed the master set of keys from the hidden area beside her station, knowing the robber was making sure she didn't hit a panic switch. She led him around the counter and to the vault, where she dialed the combination, hit the key code and used the key to unlock the third mechanism, then opened the door.

She led the man in, heard him let out a breath of relief, and watched as he closed the vault door almost all the way. 

"OK, Lilly," he said. "Here's what I want you to do. See all those stacks of bills?"

"Yes," she said. 

"I want you to go through them and pick out about 25 percent of each stack, in non-sequential order, and you can leave all the traced bills and dye-packs behind," he said. "I'm not greedy, I just want enough here. Twenty-five percent of each stack should give me about, oh, $100,000. Don't mess around and we'll be fine."

She nodded and began doing it. She went through the stacks and would grab random bills out of each one, putting it into a bag on a table. Every time she turned around, she noticed the robber was scoping out a different part of her body. 

First, her ass. Then, her face. Then, her breasts.

She noticed he was attractive. No taller than Kevin, but definitely more rugged. She was afraid of him, but also strangely disarmed by the glances he was giving her.

"Let me ask you something," the robber said.

"What's that?"

"What were you thinking about when I came in."

"I don't know, why?" Lilly said, as she continued putting money into bags.

"Because you were awfully distracted. It was like you were in a coma there for a second."

"No, I wasn't."

"Yes, yes, you were," the robber said, as he glanced out to look at his partner and make sure all was OK. "In fact, you were staring quite intently at your husband. Things not OK with Kevin?"

Lilly stopped and looked at the man with shock. 

"That's the second time you've said his name. How do you know about my husband?"

"Well, I've been coming to this bank for a long time, Lilly," the man said. "In fact, you have been cashing checks for me for years. That's how I knew you were the senior staff member today. Thanks a lot for remembering me. That doesn't make me feel too good."

Lilly stared at him, thinking, now, he did look vaguely familiar. 

The man continued, "Funny, too, because I have always noticed you. I've always found you fucking gorgeous. That long blond hair, those long legs. Your perky little tits. Yummy."

The man looked out again at Kevin, then back at Lilly. 

"So, what's the deal," he said. "What were you so in thought about? Kevin not holding up his end of the deal at home."

Lilly slammed down a stack of money and said, "Not that it's any of your business, but things are great at home."

"Whoa, there, Tiger. I was just curious."

He walked toward Lilly, put his mouth close to her face, close enough that she could smell his (awesome) cologne, and whispered, "But I'm sure he couldn't be giving you everything you need."

His head lingered there for a second and she felt her heart sputter for just a second. Up close, she realized how striking this man was, how confident he seemed. She noticed the stubble on his face, and his masculine breath, his shapely eyebrows. 

She felt like she should say something to back him off. "If you must know," she said, "I was thinking about how great my husband is in the sack. That's why I was so distracted."

"Oh, really," he said, still up close in her face. 

He waited for a moment, then stood back. "You see, I sort of believe you," the robber continued, "but the thing is, I already knew you were staring at him, and I noticed he was staring at that pretty girl out there ... "

Lilly was embarrassed. 

"... and I'm thinking, hmm, you were doing one of two things: Wondering if Kevin wanted to fuck that girl; or, you were dreaming about fucking the two of them yourself."

Lilly angrily said, "That's not any of your business.

The robber chuckled. "Well, I guess I got that one right. What do we have for him behind Door No. 2, Jim?"

Lilly shot back, "I wasn't doing either."

The robber walked up to Lilly, grabbed her by the waist, and pulled her close, as she shivered a bit out of fear.

"I'll tell you what, Lilly. I'm willing to bet I can prove you were daydreaming about fucking your husband and that slut out there. So how about you and I play a little game. If I can prove it, you have to be a little bit nicer to me. If I can't, I'll leave right now and you can even keep all the money. What do you say?"

He let go of Lilly, she took a few steps back and said, "I don't want to play your games. Can we just get this over with?"

"Lilly, if there's one thing I know from seeing you all these days, with that bored look on your face, it's that you do want to play some games."

He stared at her for what seemed like an eternity before she caved. "Fine. How are you going to prove this?"

He walked over to her, took the gun out of his belt and put it on a shelf. He pulled her close to him, was able to smell the fruitiness of her hair, grazed the softness of her arms, and he said, "What I'm going to do is put my hand up your skirt. If I'm right, it's going to be sopping wet there. If I'm wrong, it won't."

She was stunned, and unable to move as he stuck his hand onto the inside of her thigh. He gently put his hand up higher and higher, until he felt her panties, which were, decidedly wet. He had a smile on his face as he felt that, then stuck one finger inside of them. As he did this, her whole body shuddered with ... pleasure ... and she was disappointed as he pulled his hand away. 

He took his finger up to his mouth and licked it. "Now, that's definitely not pee, so, clearly, I think someone was having fun before I arrived. Looks like you have to be a little nicer to me ..."

She looked at him blankly, still not sure if she was sexually assaulted or given something she needed there for a second.

"... which leads me to a question, Lilly. Was that a clit ring I detected down there?"

Lilly blushed. 

"Hmm, now what would you think if I wanted to play with that thing? Would you scream in fear? Or would you maybe enjoy it, if I promised not to tell anyone?"

Lilly didn't say a word, but she started to perspire.

"That's what I thought," the robber said, as he walked toward her. 

He grabbed her by the waist pulled her toward him and acted like he was going to kiss her. Then he spun her around, pushed her down so she was bent over a table.

He pressed his body on top of hers from behind, pulled her hair back enough that her ear came close to his mouth and he whispered, "Let me take another guess here. Let me guess that you have good sex at home, but you never get ravaged. You need to be just abused a little, have control taken out of your hands. Am I right?"

She couldn't believe she was doing it, but Lilly said, "Right."

As he pressed his crotch against her ass, she could feel his stiff cock there, and she liked it. 

"Let me ask you something else," he said. "Did you come when you were thinking about Kevin and that woman?"

"Yes," she moaned.

"Was it a good one?"

"Uh-huh"

"And do you ever come twice?"

"No," she said, telling the truth.

As he stuck his hands up her skirt and pulled her panties down, he said, "You will today."

With Lilly still bent over the table, the robber felt between her thighs, and began playing with the clit ring. He stroked her clit, pulled on the ring, varied how many fingers he was using and what speed. Then, without warning, he stopped and smacked Lilly's ass. 

She liked it. Then he went back to stroking her clit, then smacked her ass again. 

It hurt, but it was a good hurt.

He stuck one, then two, then three fingers inside her soaking wet pussy, and finger fucked her vigorously. He began talking dirty. "I'm going to fuck you like you've never been fucked ... I'm going to make you want it bad ... You will come like you've never come before ... You will be my little bank-teller whore." 

Lilly liked every minute of it, especially when he was using his fingers to go deep inside her and smacked her G-spot. She was moaning louder and louder. The more he did it, the rougher he got. 

"Turn around," the robber told her, which she did, to find he had dropped his pants and exposed a very erect cock.

"First, you're going to take off your shirt and bra, then you are going to kneel and give me the most outstanding blow job of your life."
