 "I'm just saying, he's too old for my baby," Cecile stated, staring at her best friend, Angela. 

"Anastacia is not a baby. She's 21, for Christ's sake. And so what if he's a few years older than her. A mature man can help her..." 

"Can take advantage of her.... All my baby knows is sports and her school work. She's not into men like that. He's going to hurt my baby..."

"You don't even know the man..." 

"I know men!" Cecile stated firmly. "All of them are just alike. They all think with their dicks and not their hearts." 

"That's not fair, besides, she just met him...what...three weeks ago when she was home. All they've been doing is talking on the phone."

"She chases me off the phone to answer his calls," Cecile said, exasperated. "He's the first person she talks to in the morning, and the last at night." 

Angela chuckled. "You're going to have to let go...cut her navel string one day, Cecile. You should be happy that she's finally getting a taste of love." 

"That's not love," Cecile snarled. "That man wants to fuck my baby and then he's going to leave her high and dry. He's going to hurt my baby's heart." 

"How you know he's not Mr. Right?" 

"Mr. Right Now," Cecile scowled. 

"I think you are being too hard on the man. Besides, give him time to show who he really is. If he's a dog, in time, it'll come out. A dog can't hide forever." 

"That's just it, Angela, we don't have any time. He wants to take her on a cruise when she comes home for summer break." 

"That's so nice," Angela swooned. 

"She comes home in a week." 

"I know you're a concerned mother, but don't do anything that will cause Anastacia to be mad at you." 

"I'm going to do what I have to do to make sure this dog doesn't hurt my baby."

"Be careful, Cecile. Very careful. This shit could backfire on your ass and ruin the realtionship you two have." 

"This is a grown ass man I'm trying to protect her from. He's nothing but an old dog trying to take advantage of my baby. And I'm not going to let that happen!" 

* * * 

"Coming out to the club ain't nothing like it used to be, bro," Jerome said to his younger brother, Mikey, as they waited for the parking valet to bring Jerome's Maxima. "I remember when I coulda come to the club and pick, choose and refuse hos." 

"You ain't lying, bro. All I come out for now is to get my drink on and unwind after busting my ass all week," Mikey explained. 

"I feel you," Jerome said as the valet stopped in front of him. He tipped the valet and jumped behind the wheel. 

Mikey jumped in the passenger's seat. "That's why I always pick up one a my lil tricks, get her some weed, something to eat, and take her to a hotel til I come back from the club."

Jerome laughed as he pulled off. "And what do you do if you find something in the club?" 

"Go fuck! Then go to the hotel and fuck again," Mikey stated like it should have been obvious. 

Jerome started laughing. "You always fucking with hos that live with their man."

"Them the best ones. Let someone else deal with them hos problems. I fuck. That's what I do. Them some nice hos that I fuck, but hos have too much drama when involved in relationships." 

"So, what you saying is that it's stress free and less drama when you the other man?" 

"Hell yeah! See you wouldn't understand 'cause you have all them hos feeling like you're their man..." 

"But I don't have no drama." Jerome laughed. 

"See, you be fucking with them good girls. The professional women. I ain't gonna lie, bro, you run your hos..." 

The sound of Jerome's ringing phone stopped Mikey midspeech. Jerome checked his caller ID. "Anastcia's mom! What the fuck?" 

"Anastacia? That tall, fine ass chick that plays volleyball for UCON? The one you met in the club about three weeks ago?" 

"Yeah. Wife to be." Jerome grinned. 

"What the hell you doing with her mother's cell phone number, bro? More importantly, what her mother doing calling you at three forty five in the morning? Booty call?" 

"Shut up!" Jerome said, pressing the green icon. "Hello?" 

"Hello? Where are you?" a female voice asked. 

It wasn't Anastacia for sure. The woman sounded a little older. "On my way home?" Jerome answered tentatively. 

"I thought you were taking me to get something to eat?" she asked, sounding disappointed. 

She sounded a little tipsy too. 

Jerome stifled a laugh as he looked across to his brother who was making fuck faces and humping motions in the passenger seat. "May I ask who you want to speak to?" 

"Who is this?" she asked, sounding alarmed. "Is this Jermaine?" 

"No, I'm sorry you must have dialed the wrong number." 

"Who is this? Your number is programmed into my phone," she demanded.

"This is Jerome. I'm a friend of Anastacia's..." 

"Anastacia's friend? What your number doing program in my phone?" she asked with a little attitude. 

"Is this her mother?" 

"Yes, it is!" 

"I met her when she was home three weeks ago. She had your phone... I think her phone had gotten stolen..." 

"Oh yeah, I remember now," she chuckled, sounding a bit at ease. "I'm sorry for calling you at this hour..."

"That's quite alright..."

"I was trying to call a friend of mine. He was supposed to take me for something to eat, but he disappeared on my as...listen to me, I'm telling you all my business. Alcohol just loosens my tongue. I'm sorry for calling you." 

"That's okay. It was nice talking to you," Jerome said, chuckling. 

"Please don't tell Anastacia...she hates when I go out for drinks." 

"It'll be out little secret," Jerome said, chuckling. 

"Promise?" she cooed. 

"I promise." 

"Thank you," she said. "Okay. Drive safely." 

"You too," Jerome said. "Bye."

"Byyyyyye," she sang, ending the call. 

Mikey laughed. "That was a booty call. Mama want some." 

"You crazy, bro. Besides, her mama don't know me." 

"Mama fine?" Mikey asked with a raised brow. 

"I don't know. I've never met the woman. She sounds sexy as hell, though." 

"If her daughter takes after her, she probably is fine," Mikey said as he fired up a joint. He hit it and passed it over. 

Jerome cranked up the volume as he got on I-95 North. He took a hit of the joint and passed it back. "You know what, I'm going home. I don't feel like being bothered with none a my hos tonight. She done got me thinking about Anastacia. And this weed only ga make me hungry. I'll drop myself off and you can take my ride." 

"My car already by the hotel. Why can't you just drop me off?" Mikey asked as he took out a napkin from his wallet. He unrolled it and took out half a blue pill and threw it in his mouth. Then he chugged the remainder of the water that he had brought out of the club. 

"Because I don't feel like passing home to drop you off. Just drop me and carry the car." 

Five minutes later, Jerome pulled in front of their house, pressed the button for the garage door and hopped out. It wasn't until he was inside and upstairs getting undressed that he remembered his cell phone. He had left it in the Max. 

Three minutes later, Mikey stared at his brother's ringing phone. Anastacia's mom. What the fuck does she want now? I'm not answering that shit, he thought as he headed on a collision course for the hotel. The phone stopped ringing, then started up again. Mikey ignored it again. The third time it rung, he answered it. It has to be an emergency. "Hello?" 

"Are you home already," the female asked. 

"No..."

"Well why weren't you answering the phone? You making a booty call or something?" 

"No," Mikey said, then took a pull on the joint, laughing because she didn't know it wasn't Jerome she was talking to. 

"Are you smoking?" 

She sounded intrigued rather than repugnant, so he said, "Mmmm-hmmm."

Her voice became soft and sounded sexy. "I called to ask a favor..." 

"What kind of favor?" Mikey asked. 

"Well my friend had to run home to his nagging ass wife, and I'm hungry. But I don't want to sit in IHOP by myself, not at this hour. Why don't you join me? My treat." 

"Which IHOP are you at?" 

"I'm not there yet. I was calling to see if you'd meet me first." 

"Which one are you going to?" 

"I live in Sawgrass...there's one right off of University." 

"I know where it is. I'm about five minutes away." 

"Alright. I'll meet you there. What are you driving?" she asked. 

"A black Nissan Maxima. You?" 

"I'm in a burgundy Jaguar XK." 

"Niiiice," Mikey sang. "I'll be in the parking lot when you get there." 

"Don't smoke it all before I get there," she purred. 

Mikey hung up the phone and laughed. If mama fine, I'm damn sure gonna try and fuck. Especially if she trying to get her smoke on. 

Seven minutes later, Mikey watched as the burgundy XK pulled in at the IHOP. She pulled right next to him, shut off the engine and got out. From what he could see over the roof of the car, Mama was pretty as fuck. And young looking. When she walked around the back of the car and he got a good look at her body, his dick started getting hard. "Damn, Mama fine as fuck!" Voluptuous. Now I know why she didn't want to go into IHOP by herself. Anywhere she go, she'll get all kinds of unwanted attention. Especially in the skirt and top she's wearing. Her outfit wasn't revealing or slutty or anything; it was classy and tasteful, but emphasized everything she had. 

Mikey took a hit and leaned over and opened the passenger door for her. Her smile lit up the interior.

"Oh that smells wonderful," she said as she hopped in and closed the door behind her. "I haven't smoked since college," she said, taking the offered joint. 

"I plan on stopping when I get my MBA." Mikey chuckled. 

She took a long draw. 

"You might want to take it easy with that," Mikey said a second too late. 

She started coughing, but she refused to pass the joint. She held it as she eyed him over. She took another hit, pulling a little easier this time. She kicked off her slingbacks and twisted sideways to face him. She caught his eyes locked onto her cleavage and smiled. She brought the joint up to her lips and took another pull. The weed had her feeling good. And the wine she had drank earlier had made her extremely horny. She knew she could get any man she wanted, so this was going to be fun. And easy. I'll expose the dog and save Anastacia from a broken heart. 

She ran her fingers playfully over her collarbone, then down between her breasts. 

Mikey's dick stiffened. The blue pill was in full effect. Either he was going to fuck mama, or he had to get to the hotel to Shelley Ann. "So you gonna let me hit that?" Mikey asked. 

"You're not shy at all, are you?" She blushed. "You sure you can handle me?" she asked, leaning forward and rubbing the inside of his thigh. 

"I was referring to the joint, but since you brought it up," he said, making his dick jump in his pants, "I'm sure I can handle whatever challenges I'm presented with." Their eyes locked. "My question is, can you?" 

Her hand slid from his thigh to his throbbing dick. "Mmmmm, this is nice," she swooned. 

"You can take it out to get a better feel of it. Underneath all this cloth really doesn't do it any justice. It really is a work of art," Mikey boasted. 

She accepted his challenge without a moment's hesitation. She unzipped his pants and took it out. Ten inches of throbbing black meat. "Oh, God. This is...we need to go someplace. Anyplace," she said as she skinned the foreskin back, leaned over and started kissing and licking his head.

"Ohhh shittttt!!! Where do you want to go?" Mikey barely got out as his eyes threatened to roll back into his head.

"Anywhere," she mumbled as she kissed and licked and flicked her tongue around his head greedily. 

Mikey leaned the seat back until he was almost lying flat. He hit the joint one more time as she got more enthusiastic with her tongue. He knew he wasn't going to come from a blowjob, but it felt too fucking good to stop her. 

He reached over and started caressing her ass. Damn! Her ass was so soft, it made him whimper. He wanted to get up in her, but he couldn't do that in the Maxima. And he definitely couldn't do it in IHOP's parking lot. He couldn't take her to a hotel, because he didn't have enough cash for that. And he didn't want to go to her place, because he didn't know if he could do that, nor what her relationship status was. The only place he could take her is home. "What about your car?" Mikey asked. 

She didn't stop to answer. She flailed her hand as if she didn't care about that. 

Fuck it, he thought and fired up the Maxima. He positioned his hand so that he could steer over her as she continued to feverishly work his dick. She was sucking; he was caressing and fondling her breasts, and every part of her that he could touch.

Both of them were making all the appropriate noises as he raced home. 

When he pulled into the garage and shut down the engine, she finally raised her head from his lap. She kissed him like a possessed woman. Hungrily. Greedily. 

Mikey's dick ached to get up in her. "Let's go," he said as the garage door finished rolling down and the automatic light flicked off. They got out the Maxima, and as he stood at the front waiting for her to come around to him, he really got a good look at her. She didn't seem a day over thirty five. As young as he was, he was confident that he was gonna kill her sexy old ass with dick. 

Lust was oozing from her face. She grabbed his hand and pulled him tightly against her body. They were about the same height, so everything lined up. Their lips smashed against each others. Wisps of pleasurable moans escaped her lips as their tongues darted back and forth in each other's mouth. 

Mikey's hands fumbled with the zipper of her skirt. He got it unfastened, then got a firm grip on her cheeks. He picked her up as if she weighed nothing, spun her around and placed her on the top of the hot hood. 

She swooned in surprise, wrapped her sculptured legs around his waist and pulled him right into her so that his dick was rubbing her the right way. 

His hands fumbled with her skirt until he had it up and out of the way. Both of them fumbled with his belt and pants and underwear until nothing was between them except her sodden underwear which she savagely pulled to the side so that his raw head could glide up and down between her blood engorged lips. 

She was grinding desperately against his hot, throbbing head now. Her pussy was hot and wet and aching to feel that throbbing mass of meat. Gripping his hips, she pulled him forward, plunging his rock-hard ten inches into her. She shut her eyes and screamed as his dick stretched and filled her to the brim. She hadn't felt pain and pleasure like that since she lost her virginity. She was trying to get use to the feeling, but he didn't give her time. He started moving that big dick around inside of her. It was hot and hard. Fire coursed through her body. Then there was the additional heat beneath her ass. She found the more she gyrated her ass up and into his deep punishing strokes, the less she felt the heat beneath her ass. 

This was the first woman over thirty that Mikey has ever had the pleasure of fucking, so he had something to prove. He was fucking her like he had all mankind riding on his performance. His strokes were bringing out all the appropriate noises and fuck-faces that he got out of younger women, so he knew he was beating that pussy up good. That was all the boost his ego needed.

He picked her completely up off the hood and slowed down to his wicked winding.

"Awwwwwww fuuuuuck, baby! Sssssss!"

"You like that," he asked. 

"Mmmm-hmmmm," she mumbled as he guided her hips into a slow rocking motion that made her clit rub against his muscular pelvis. 

She started nibbling his lip. "Oh God, yeah. That feels good." 

"I want you to cum for me before we go inside," he muttered against her sweet lips. 

"You don't have to worry about...about..." Her whimpering got cut short as tiny jolts of lightning struck all through her causing her body to spasm involuntarily. "0h God, I'm cumming." Her pace quickened and her entire body vibrated as her orgasm resonated through her. 

Mikey felt good taking her inside. Now he was going to take her upstairs and put a proper fucking on her sexy old ass. He continued stroking her until her orgasm subsided, then he walked toward the door, stirring the pot as he went. He told her to reach behind her and turn the knob. She got the door opened without any problem.

The door opened directly into the kitchen, and as they were passing the refrigerator, she stopped him. "Grab something cold to drink." 

Without losing rhythm, he stopped. She opened the fridge, leaned in a bit, and pulled out two bottles of water. He bumped the door closed and started for the stairs. 

Going up the stairs was a bit more difficult. Unsteadily, they made their way up bumping into the wall and railing. She was giggling. They slipped and fell. She started laughing, and he covered her mouth quickly as he landed on top of her. Her legs found their way around his waist and she locked both arms around his neck. They kissed passionately as he stroked down into her. She started grunting and humping up to meet his strokes. He felt his head slamming against the gristle at the very back of her pussy. His head felt as if it was curving and going into another portion of her pussy. Each time his head bounced against the gristle, her body convulsed. She bit his tongue as he sped up his thrusts to see if he could get one long convulsion. 

He got it as she came a second time right there on the stairway. 

Her legs unfolded from around his waist as he withdrew about eight of the ten inches he had inside her, using only two inches to grind around the front portion of her sweet pussy. 

She started humping on it and adjusting her hips so that she was angled properly. Then she asked for a little more. 

He gave her about an inch more. 

"Ah, fuck yeah! Right there!" she growled as she kept his mushroom head rocking against the spongy area at the top of her pussy. "Fuck!" she hissed. "What are you trying to do to me?" 

"What every woman wants a man to do to them: satisfy them...and then some," Mikey replied, turning it up a notch. 

"You...you sure are doing that," she whimpered. "Ohh God! This dick too damn sweet....ooooooeeeeeee. I'm coming again, baby. Fuck meeeeeeee!" 

Mikey readily complied. Fuck her and then some.

Once she caught her breath, Mikey decided it was best to take her into his room before they woke Jerome up. 

Hmmm. That wouldn't be such a bad idea.

He took her into his room and closed his bedroom door. She started undressing him as they made their way to the bed. She took charge now. She stood him up at the edge of the bed and stripped him. 

After making him step out of his pants and socks --his shoes had gotten discarded somewhere between the kitchen and the stairs-- she kissed her way up his inner thighs, then sucked and licked their sweet mixture of juices of his sack and then moved up his shaft. She pushed him onto the bed, and as she crawled up and over him, she let her hands roam up his muscular thighs, up his washboard stomach, all the way up to his chiseled chest. She leaned down and kissed him as she mounted that throbbing ten inches of glistening dick. When she raised up, his mouth latched onto her nipple as his hands kneaded her breast. She slipped his bulging head between her sodden lips and lowered herself until she was filled to the brim. She positioned her knees on either side of him, leaned back and smiled down at him as she started gyrating her hips. She rode him like only an experienced woman could. She got so into it that the mattress started sliding off the boxspring.

About four delicious minutes later, she exploded. Again.
