 The next few weeks found Jack and Sally's sex life to have dramatically improved. They were now having sex almost everyday. Jack did not understand what had happened but he felt almost like a kid again, a kid in Sally's candy store.

The change began one night while Sally and Jack were playing around. Sally was sucking on Jack's balls and she squeezed them tightly together. Even before this Jack had noticed Sally was more adventuresome in their sex life. 

"Oh Sally, I love it when you do that," Jack moaned.

"Do what? Squeeze your balls and their little sack?" Sally asked.

"Yes, that feels great," Jack sighed.

Sally moved herself next to Jack. "Why don't you tell this mamma all about it."

Jack talked very little about his early life. Sally knew his mother had died when he was 14 and then his father, an alcoholic, had died when he was 17. He had been raised after that by his Aunt and Uncle.

"I don't remember much but for some reason you squeezing my balls like that makes brings back some vague memory that I can't quite bring back."

"Well Jack I am your mommy now," Sally said as she got up.

"Okay I hope you don't think I'm too weird liking to call you mamma," Jack said embarrassed.

"No, not at all. I like it. Wait just a minute," Sally said as she got up out of bed.

"Where are you going?" Jack asked.

"I will be right back."

Jack waited and Sally quickly returned.

"Look what I have," Sally said and produced a long string of nylon cord. "I am going to tie some balls."

Sally expertly tied the cord around Jack's scrotum. She used a slip knot that allowed her to easily tighten the cord squeezing Jack's nuts.

"Oh God I love the way that feels," Jack exclaimed. "Pull on the string and suck my dick Mommy.

Sally had a good tight grip on the string as she bent over and took Jack's cock into her mouth. She began licking and sucking while varying the pressure on Jack's balls. Sally could tell Jack was in heaven.

"Do you like the way mommy sucks your dick?"

"Oh my Goooooddddd!" Jack exclaimed as he felt his balls tighten and the familiar rush that accompany his ejaculations. 

"I'm cumming!" he said and exploded into Sally mouth. Sally loved the taste of her husband's cum and drank every bit. Sally knew she had found a new thrill that should be wonderful for both of them for many times to come.

Sally loved the improvement her sex life with Jack. Lately, it was better than even when they were just married. They were having sex in ways and places they had never done and it was just great. However, Sally could not get Josh out of her mind. Sally loved her husband and had no such feelings for Josh. But there was something about the way Josh treated her that was such a turn on. Sally hated to admit it but she loved the humiliation. She loved the way Jack abused her and put on her display as nothing but a sex object. Sally could not believe how good it felt to let Jack be in full control. She also knew that she was going to have to call him again. However, she wanted to make sure that things did not go too far. She never wanted anything to happen to her and Jack.

"I have to go to the Sony exhibition next weekend. Do you want to go?" Jack asked the next morning as they were having breakfast.

"No, I don't like going to those things. I think I will just stay home."

"Ok, that's fine. I will leave Thursday and be back Sunday," Jack said. He kissed her and as he did Sally jerked on her cord pulling on his balls.

"Oh God!," Jack exclaimed and felt his dick harden almost immediately. Jack was dressed in his normal work clothes but as he was dressing Sally unzipped his pants and pulled his dick and balls over his underwear and tied his balls.

"Do Mommy's little boy like that?" Sally teased.

"Yes Mommy I love it," Josh replied in a little boy's voice.

"Ok then you have to do something for Mommy," Sally said.

"Ok Mommy what do you want me to do?"

Sally stood up and sat on the table in directly in front of Jack. She opened her robe to reveal she was naked underneath.

"I want my boy to lick my pussy before he goes to school. Will you be a good boy and do that," Sally asked.

"Yes Mommy, I loved to lick your pussy," Josh replied and began to lick Sally's juices that were already flowing.

"Ohhhhhh, you are such a good boy Jack. Suck Mommy's clit so she will cum," Sally said.

Sally could feel it would not take long and her orgasm began to build.

"Oh yes Jack, yes Jack," Sally whimpered and felt her pussy tingle with pleasure.

As things settled down Sally pulled on the string and said, " Now it is time for Mommy to take care of her little man." Sally bent down and began to suck Jack's hard cock. It did not take long.

"Oh yes Mommy," he exclaimed continuing their game of Mommy-Son. Jack could not believe what a turn on this was for him.

Sally felt his cock swelled and sucked in earnest to get her sweet cum.

"Yes suck it Mommy I am cumming." Jack shot his load straight down Sally's throat and she loved every bit of it.

As Jack composed himself and removed the string from his balls he said, "It's late I've got to get to work. He gave Sally a kiss and rushed out the door.

As Sally sat back her rob still open and her pussy still wet from both her own juices and Jack's salvia her thoughts turned to Josh. She could not help it. Jack was the love of her life but it was just not enough. It went against everything she knew but she could not help it. "It is time for another adventure with Josh," Sally thought to herself.

It was later that day that Sally got up the nerve to call Josh.

"Hi Josh, it's Sally," she said into the phone.

"Hello Sally, what can I do for you?" Josh answered with a question.

"I don't know. I just wanted to see you," Sally began to stammer not knowing exactly what she wanted from Josh.

"Are you still a nasty little bitch with a wet pussy?" Josh suddenly asked.

"I don't know," Sally replied shocked at Josh directness.

"That won't do Sally. I am going to hang up unless you tell me what you want."

Sally could feel her anxiety rise but she did want to see Josh. She knew what Josh wanted. It was all a part of his game.

"Josh I am your slut. My pussy is very wet just thinking about you and the things you do to me. I want you to make me as nasty bitch and you can. I want you to fuck my pussy and my asshole and do whatever you want with my body," Sally gasped already feeling a new moistening in her pussy, the same pussy that her husband Jack had just eaten.

"That's much better. When do you want to get together?"

"Jack is leaving Thursday. So either Thursday or Friday would be good for me."

"Ok, meet me at Wal-Mart's parking lot on Friday evening at 8:00. I want you to dress up as a little girl. Make sure all of your clothes are at least two sizes too small. Wear a very short skirt and no panties. Also, put your hair in pigtails and wear black heels. I want your clothes to have a young girl look, but a very nasty young girl. Do you understand?"

"Yes, I understand Jack," Sally whispered feeling very excited at the thought of their adventure. There was a part of Sally that was disgusted by what she was going to do but her disgust only fueled the excitement that she felt.

"And Sally do not touch your pussy until then. Do not do anything that would satisfy your sexual craving until then. Do you understand?" Josh commanded in a firm voice.

"Yes Josh I understand," Sally felt her heart sink at the thought of having to wait until Friday. She quickly removed her hand that had already traveled between her legs.

"And Sally if there are any indications that you have played with that nasty pussy of yours then the date is off. And Sally I will know."

"I understand Josh. I will not touch my pussy until then," Sally sighed already feeling a burning itch in her clitoris that was already demanding attention.

"Till Friday," Josh said and hung up.

Sally sat with the phone still to her ear and wondered what she had just done. However, she knew that she would be there on time to meet Josh. 

The next day Sally went to a few stores where she was not known. She did not want to run into anyone who would see her make these purchases. She bought a pushup bra two sizes too small. She wondered if she would be able to breathe with it squashing her breasts. 

When buying a blouse the salesgirls asked, "Don't you think that is a little tight fit?"

At the time Sally was trying it on and having difficulty buttoning the buttons.

"No, I like it this tight," Sally said as she noticed the salesgirl's disapproving look.

Sally gathered the rest of her evening's outfit. Back at home she dressed and looked at herself in the mirror. She looked like a real slut. She could feel her pussy crying and had to be careful not to keep her legs too tight together. It would not take much for her to have an orgasm without even touching herself. Sally had to wait for Josh.

Sally arrived at the Wal-Mart parking lot on time. As usual Josh made Sally wait a while. Finally, she saw his car pull up to their designated meeting spot.

"Hi Sally," Josh said.

"Hi Josh," Sally said and looked down.

"Get in and let's go," Josh ordered without even looking at Sally.

Sally was somewhat disappointed that Josh did not comment on her slutty outfit but Sally never knew what to expect from him.

"Tell me what you want," Josh suddenly said.

Sally knew what he wanted her to say. He wanted her to degrade herself in the most disgusting kind of way.

"I am your dirty little slut and my pussy is wet for you. Please put your cock in my hole," Sally pleaded.

"Oh we will get to that you little bitch. Yes, I have some real fun lined up for you," Josh chuckled.

They drove for about two hours. Sally had no idea where they were going but sat in silence while he drove.

Once after about an hour Josh said, "Take that flashlight and let me see your pussy."

Sally took the flashlight and raised her dressed. The light from the flashlight illuminated her freshly shave cunt and Josh nodded in approval.

"Is it wet?"

"Yes, it has been wet since we talked on the phone," Sally whimpered.

"And you have not touched it?"

"No Josh I have not touched it," she answered.

"So what have you and Jack been doing lately?" Josh asked.

"What do you mean?"

"Are you guys fucking a lot?" Josh quizzed.

"Yes, I guess so,"

"What do you mean you guess so? Don't you know?

"Yes, Jack and I have been fucking a lot. We have been doing it a lot more lately," Sally replied.

"So what does Jack like for you to do for him?" Sally did not like the idea of telling Josh about her sex life with Jack but she was now under Josh's control. She told him about the string around Jack's ball. She also told Josh about Jack's early experiences with his mother. She told Josh how much Jack like for her to pretend she was his Mommy.

"That is very interesting Sally. Do you think Jack even sucked off his brother?"

"He did not say anything about that," Sally answered. She had not even thought about that. She could not see her Jack sucking off a guy.

"I bet he did. I bet there is a lot he didn't tell you," Josh said and laughed.

A few minutes later they arrived at a large ranch house. 

"Here we are," Josh announced as they drove up the driveway. There were several cars parked in front of the house.

"What are we doing here?" Sally questioned. It looked like there was a party of some kind going on.

"They are expecting us. Get out," Josh ordered.

Sally got out of the car and pulled her dress down as far as it would go but that did not cover much of her long legs.

Josh knocked on the door and it was answered by an older man dressed very formal.

"Come on in Josh. We were wondering when you would get here. Is this your slut?" 

At first Sally wondered if she had correctly heard what the man said. She soon found that she had.

"Yes, Sally here is a real slut. Tell him Sally."

Sally blushed but felt she had to obey Josh's commands.

"Yes sir I am a slutty girl and I love to play with my pussy," Sally said in almost a child's voice.

"Oh we are going to like you. Come on in and meet everyone."

Josh and Sally were lead into a large room brightly lit with a fire burning in a large fireplace. Sally noted there were 9 other men and 5 women standing around talking. Sally also noted with great embarrassment that she was the only dressed like a slut. Everyone else was dressed in formal evening wear and they were all looking at her as she came into the room.

"This is my friend Josh and his slut Sally," the man announced to the crowd. 

Sally wanted to crawl under the rug as everyone stared at her with stern looks.

"Hi everyone," Josh said greeting the people. "Sally, tell them what you like to play with."

Sally looked at Josh not believing what he was asking her but knowing she would obey said, "I like to play with my pussy."

Several of the men smiled. Sally did not like the looks they were giving her. Several of the women also had rather evil smiles. Sally now noticed that she was by far the youngest person there. Everyone else was very stately looking as if they were of a high society type group that would not have approved of Sally's low status on a normal day much less a day like today.

"Come over here Sally," the older man instructed. He led Sally to a bar that was about four feet high. Before Sally knew what they were doing Josh and the man lifted her up on the bar.

"Stand there like a little slut Sally," Josh ordered. "No not that way. Open your legs a little, a little more. There, now you can get a good look at your pussy. Now when a person comes to get a drink you ask, 'do you like my pussy?' Do you understand Sally?" Josh finished his instructions.

"Yes, I understand," Sally replied. Sally had never been more embarrassed in her life but she had never been more sexually charged in her life. She could feel the moisture beginning to flow from deep within her.

Sally could see the men looking up her skirt. Her clean smooth pussy lips were clearly visible to anyone standing at the bar. 

"Do you like my pussy sir?" she would ask each man. 

Sally now spent the next hour standing on the bar as just about everyone came to the bar to get a drink.

"My, my such a pretty little pussy girl." An older lady said as approached the bar. She looked directly at Sally's pussy. "Well are you going to ask me?"

"Do you like my pussy madam?" Sally asked.

"Why yes I do," the lady answered. "My you look a little wet," the lady said seeing droplet forming on Sally's pussy lips. 

Sally could not believe when the lady took a small spoon and reached up sliding the spoon along her pussy lips. Sally felt a charge of electricity shoot through her and her body trembled at the touch of the metal. 

"My, you are wet," the lady said looking at a small puddle of Sally's cum juices that she collected on the spoon.

Sally watched in amazement as the lady smelled the content of the spoon.

"You have a most definite aroma," the lady said looking back at Sally's pussy.

Sally could not believe the effect this was having on her and more juices began to flow. The lady noticed this and took another spoon to Sally. The lady was able to gather almost an entire spoonful of Sally's cum juices.

"My, you are wet little girl," the lady said.

Sally could not believe as the lady lifted the spoon to her own very proper lips and pour the entire contents of the spoon on her tongue. Sally watched as the lady tasted Sally's most intimate excretions and smiled. 

"Mmmmm, you taste good too," the lady said and smiled.

Sally stood there for another few minutes and she saw Josh and the older man.

"Come on down Sally. It's show time," Josh said as he helped her off the bar.

They walked to the center of the room where there was a table about 3 feet high, 3 feet wide, and about 6 feet long.

"Up you go Sally," Josh and helped Sally onto the table.

"Pull up your dress," Josh ordered.

Sally pulled up dress revealing her pussy and ass to entire crowd. Everyone had gathered around the table now and was carefully watching Sally.

"Sally take off your clothes," Josh commanded.

Sally unbuttoned the tight blouse and let it fall. She unbuttoned the short dress and it fell to the floor leaving Sally standing the table with nothing but a necklace and a bra. She unsnapped the tight bra and her breasts fell free. She left on the necklace.

"Doesn't she look like a slut?" Josh asked. 

"Yeah, a real slut," the crowd agreed with the speaker.

"Sally lie down on the table and spread your legs," Josh commanded.

Sally wondered what was going to happen. She did not know if she wanted to be gang raped but it looked like that was what was going to happen as the first man walked up to the table. He was standing in front of the table, her legs spread before him. He then grabbed her ankles and pulled her toward him. He then unzipped his pants and pulled out his now erect cock. Sally prepared herself for a fucking but instead he began to furiously masturbate and quickly shot his load onto her stomach and chest. Sally could feel the wetness of this man's cum all over her body.

The next man did the same. Sally could not believe what was happening. As each man shot his load on her, Sally's on sexual tension was building but she could do nothing about it. After the tenth man spewed his schism on her, Sally was almost covered in wet cum. Some of it was beginning to dry on her.

"Just lay there like a cum covered slut," Josh commanded.

One of older females now approached Sally. Sally watched as the lady pulled her breasts out of her dress and let them hang. The lady then reached down and let her finger move across Sally's stomach and gathered cum on her finger. She brought her finger to her mouth and licked the cum off her finger. The lady them lean over and licked some of the cum off Sally's very erect nipples.

"Oh, please lick me," Sally moaned as she felt the lady's tongue flick her rock hard nipple. Sally was frantic with unfulfilled sexual tension.

The lady leaned over and allowed her own hard nipple to rub against Sally's wet cunt. Sally felt another bolt of electricity run through her body and the lady's nipples nicked Sally's engorged clitoris.

"Oh, my God, I need it, I need something in my pussy," Sally begged. She wiggled on the table but knew she was helpless until someone allowed her to cum.

Each lady approached the table, revealed their breasts, tasted the cum on Sally's body, and then allowed their breasts to rub Sally's pussy and clit. They did not do so long enough for Sally to get any real satisfaction but long enough to intensify the already explosive desire that Sally was feeling.

Now the ladies were surrounding Sally as she lay on the table. They all bent over and began lick Sally's body being careful to avoid her pussy and to avoid allowing Sally to have an orgasm. After a few minutes Sally was totally cleaned of all the men's cum but as yet she still had not achieved any satisfaction. She was almost mad with desire.

Sally had not noticed but Josh had now walked up to the table and was standing between Sally's legs and they bent off the table.

"Are you ready Sally?" Josh asked

"Please fuck me Josh. Please fuck my pussy, stick it in deep and hard and fuck me," Sally begged.

"Okay Sally," Josh replied and pulled out his rock hard cock.

Two of the women now bent over the table and began nursing on Sally's nipples. Another lady bent down and began thrusting her tongue into Sally's mouth. The other two ladies bent down and one began to lick Sally's stomach and the last waited for Josh to insert his cock.

A man approached each lady and lifted her dress up revealing their panty-less pussies. The men quickly rammed their cocks into the waiting cunts and began fucking. 
