 It was a beautiful night. I was standing on my hotel balcony looking out over the beach. I could hear the music coming from a lounge across the street. It had a nice beat as it drifted across the sounds of the waves. It has been a beautiful day. Bob and I were vacationing in Key West. 

Bob and I "date". Well. Not really. I don't think Bob dates anyone. We met at a conference a few years ago. He was one of the keynote speakers. He is the type of person who holds a room and an individual with everything he says. Add that to 6'2" 195 and piercing grey eyes, he is hard to resist. Whenever Bob is in town he calls me.

It may sound awful, but when he calls I pretty much drop everything and run. When we go out he makes me feel very special. We do go on trips together. When we are together he is the most attentive person you could ever be with. Traveling with him is easy.

I am not in love with him but, when he wants to fuck, I am there. Yes I say fuck. It's not making love. Seriously, we fuck. I used to say we were fuck buddies, buts it's not just that. When he fucks me I would do anything for him and I do mean anything.

We spent the day exploring shops, wandering around the beach, holding hands, and generally enjoying where we were in each other. These vacations are great for me. Bob plans everything. My job is to relax and have a good time. He knows what I like and I trust him completely.

It was one of those fun days. Bob, even though I am in my 40s, convinced me to wear one of my shorter dresses. I don't mind, I like wearing dresses. He loves seeing me in a summer dress and I like the way he looks at me when I wear them. I have always been the type of girl who wears dresses. I also like to wear pretty underwear. I usually wear matching panties and bra. Often a cute thong, especially when out with Bob. He likes them and I like knowing he's thinking about them all day. 

I think the dress was maybe 2 inches below my butt if that. I really didn't realize how short it was until a gust of wind blew up. Bob just laughed. I am not beautiful. I mean I have a pretty face. People think I look much younger than I am and often compliment me on my long dark hair and my legs but I am 5'2 and about 20 pounds heavier than I want to be. I still get checked out though. Bob enjoys pointing it out when it happens. 

After our day at the beach we came back to the hotel. We were just going to spend the night inside. We usually go out dancing. This time we had fun all day and planned a quiet night just ourselves.

We had dinner at the hotel. Beautiful outside patio where you can hear the ocean and smell of the summer night. In my short dress I was having trouble keeping decent in my chair. Bob was enjoying this. He kept on pointing out the guys that were looking. He is not the jealous type and he knows that it turns me on to be looked at, so he pushes it. 

After dinner we went to the lounge for a drink. There were a few people there. It seems there was a convention of some sort starting tomorrow. We sat at the bar and chatted. Two men walked up behind us and ordered some drinks from the bar. Bob being the shy person he is started talking to them. They were in their early 30s and were there for the convention. They were both single and had just flown in that day. I have to admit even I saw the guys checking me out. I was enjoying it. I have a bit of a show off streak, especially after a few drinks. It was fun, flirty, and exciting. 

It was obvious they both probably thought I was pretty. They were checking out my face and my hair as much as anything else. Every once in a while I would see their eyes slipping to my cleavage or my legs. I don't have much cleavage but a push-up bra does wonders. I have to admit all the attention put me in a flirtatious mood. I may have leaned in a bit too much, touched their arms and legs when I laughed at their jokes, and shifted around on my stool showing as much leg as possible. All this fun was getting me a bit horny and excited.

We had two rounds of drinks chatting with the young men and then went up to our room. In the elevator Bob grabbed me and kissed me. As he did my dress slid up and half my ass was showing. 

He whispered in my ear, "You seemed to enjoy that. Too bad your little friends are not here now to see your cute ass." He was not chastising me, more teasing me. 

I said it was fun, and that I bet he'd like that. He just kissed me again.

Bob had bought us some champagne and grapes and we brought it out to the balcony to enjoy. As we were standing on the balcony we heard a noise on the balcony on our right. The two young men came out on their balcony and sat down with a couple of beers. We saw each other at the same time and both said hi.

At the time I was standing leaning a little over the balcony rail. I had my arms on the balcony and was not really paying attention. We made small talk, and again it was obvious I was being checked out. I went to get a refill of champagne. As I did Bob made me bend over so he could whisper something in my ear. He told me that when I leaned over the balcony about 2 inches of my butt showed and that, as I was leaning over to listen to him, even more was showing. I stood quickly and smoothed and out my dress. 

Bob said fairly loudly, "Don't do that, you'll spoil the view." 

I could see the guys on the other balcony looking at me. I was embarrassed but I was also a little turned on. I may have also had a bit too much champagne. Whatever the reason, I went back to the balcony and put my arms back up on it. I was feeling flirty, enjoying the attention, and knew what I was doing. I may even have stretched a bit extra to make my dress slide up a bit more.

Bob commented on what a great ass I have. This time it was clear he was saying it loud enough for the guys next to us to hear. He then turned to them and said, "Don't you think so?" 

I turned to him and said, "Don't you embarrass those poor young men!". 

They replied they were not embarrassed, that they were thinking the same thing, and that they did not think I was much older than them. 

Bob told them they had good taste and said to me, "I told you so. You are much prettier than you ever think you are." 

The men both agreed. We continued our chatting with them, it was fun, jovial, and and flirty. I casually positioned myself back at the rail, where everyone could get a view. I was enjoying the attention. 

After a little conversation, Bob brought the conversation back to my ass. He actually said to the guys, "Isn't it great sitting here in the beautiful night sky, listening to the ocean and staring at that beautiful ass." 

I could not believe it. He knows I like attention, but this was far past anything he'd ever said to someone else. The guys laughingly agreed. I was feeling very special.

One of the guys obviously got bold and said, "Pity we can't see more of it."

Bob laughed and said to me, "Yeah, why is that?"

I was shocked. I mean, I knew he liked guys looking at me but this was very up close and personal. On the other hand it was very exciting. On impulse I reach down, pulled my dress up above my ass, and said, "Is that better."

Bob said, "That's perfect."

The two guys both said that it improved the view 100%. I laughed, wiggled my butt, and let the dress drop back in place. All to the sound of the men complaining. 

Bob then said instead of yelling across the balcony why don't you guys come over here and join us. My heart did a flip-flop. After all, these guys have been checking out my ass and commenting on it. Now they were going to be right near me. They grabbed a couple beers and came over and sat down. I obviously had too much to drink and went back to my balcony railing. I knew full well my dress was too short at that point but I was having fun being noticed. 

I figured that was the end of it, harmless fun. 

Bob then said, "Not only does it look that good but you will not believe how firm it is." 

I could not believe he said that.

I turned, looked at him, and said I didn't think our guests wanted to spend the whole night discussing my ass. Our guests immediately contradicted me. They said they could not think of a more perfect topic for an evening like this.

Bob then said, "I know how we can improve the view."

One of the guys said he thought it was pretty good now. Bob said to trust him. It got better. Now, again, Bob knows I like to be admired. I know he likes it too. We have had some very exciting pillow talk about it. Often leading to amazing orgasms. 

Bob said, "Why don't you show them the red dress?"

I tried to think of which red dress he could be talking about. Then I realized he was talking about something I wear as a beach wrap. It barely covers half my ass. It's a halter style and with light behind it fairly see through. 

The suggestion immediately got me a little wet. I mean, I would really be on display. "I would think the guys had better things to do than to watch me try on clothes," I said.

Both guys jumped right in and said they could think of nothing they'd rather do. 

Bob said, "See! Go try it on." 

I looked at him. I have a bit of a submissive streak and he knew it. Between, being checked out and now being told to show off more, I was getting very horny.

I went inside and grabbed the dress. I stood with my back to the balcony. I pulled my dress up over my head. The thought crossed my mind that everyone was watching me. That just excited me more. I stood there for a minute in my bra and thong. 

I then, for fun said, "Are you all enjoying the view?" I got a chorus of yes. I turned my head to look at them, smiled, shook my ass and said, "Good, I'm glad."

I realized that the halter style would not go with the bra I was wearing, so I reached behind me and took off my bra. 

"Still good?" I asked,

With the comments of approval I stretched my arms over my head and said "Happy.to oblige." 

I pulled the red dress on. It barely covered half my ass. My dark blue lacy thong showed under it and thru the material. You could easily see my nipples and at this point they were very hard. If my thong had not been dark blue, they probably would have seen how wet I was. 

I walked back out to the balcony and said, "Is this better?" 

The guys assured me it was. 

One then said to Bob, "You're right, it does look like she has a firm ass."

Bob pulled me to him, squeezed it and said it was great. Next what he did shocked me. I mean, so far we had been pushing our limits, but it was all really harmless flirting. Now he turned me so my ass was facing the guys. Pulled me down and kissed me. I was bent over his chair, my ass and pussy only covered by the thong were on full display. 

He said, "See for yourself." 

I hesitated and started to stand up. He held me where I was and kissed me. I felt 2 hands reach out and stroke my ass.

I was always sexual. I had lovers before Bob. Even a few one night stands. This was definitely new territory. Two total strangers were caressing my ass with Bob there making it happen. Both guys started saying how great my ass was. I felt like I was on a wild carnival ride. I started to really get into it. These guys were both not sure what was happening. Neither was I but I was going to enjoy it. I figured when it went far enough, Bob would send the guys home and fuck me, and dammit, I really wanted to be fucked. 

I stood up and pushed my ass back at them and asked if they really liked it. They assured me they did. 

I asked why they had stopped touching it if they liked it so much. I looked Bob in the eye. The hands again grabbed my ass. Bob smiled at me and blew me a kiss. He then asked the guys if the view was perfect. 

They said yes, but Bob said, "Really?" 

Then to me he said, "Show them how it could be better." 

I knew what he wanted. He had whispered scenarios like this to me in bed. He knew they made me cum.

I stood up and put my thumbs in the sides of my thong. I was feeling playful. I asked the guys if they still thought the view was perfect. They got the idea and said almost perfect. With that I lowered my thong part way down my ass. I then stopped. 

I said to Bob, "if you want them to see my pussy, you show it to them." 

He reached over, pulled them off me, pulled me down and kissed me. 

As he did he said, "Spread those legs a bit." I bent over, widened my stance, and kissed Bob knowing my ass and pussy were on complete display. 

Then Bob said, "Is that how you show your admirers your appreciation?" Again, that twinge in my pussy. He and I had played this game, but now it was real. 

I said he was right. Turned towards the guys and leaned over to kiss one.

As I did, my top fell loose and my tits were on display. As I kissed him, I could see the other one staring at my tits. I looked at him and smiled, "Like the view?" I said. 

He said yes, and I leaned over to kiss him. My ass and pussy were practically in the first guys face. As I was kissing the second guy I looked over my shoulder and said, "You don't enjoy my ass anymore?"

He immediately grabbed it pulled it towards him and kissed it. I wiggled it in his face as I made out with his buddy. 

Bob then stood up. I thought, oh great, he is sending them on their way and we are going to fuck. I was ready to tackle him, throw him on the bed, and ride him like he had never been ridden but he looked at me and said, "Is that how a tease shows her appreciation?" 

He said tease. I was fairly thankful, because generally when in bed with me he says slut. I love being called a slut. If he calls me a slut, it allows me to be one. 

I asked the guys if they felt appreciated and they said yes. Bob said, "That's not what I taught you." 

I knew what he meant. I was excited, shocked, nervous, and a million other things. I looked at him he nodded. Just a nod. I knew what that nod meant. Not just for now, but where the night was going. 

I stood up in front of the guys, looked at Bob, said, "No, no it's not", and got on my knees. 

As I reached for the first guys zipper, he pulled back and looked at Bob. 

Bob said, "Relax, she's good at this." 

I had a sense of pride that Bob was telling this guy I was good at sucking cock. I wanted to prove him right. I wanted to show him that I can be the slut he always teases me about.

I undid his zipper and took his cock out. It felt strange. I am holding a cock and people are watching. It was average. Bob is bigger and thicker than average, so it looked small to me. I slowly lowered my head on it. I tasted the pre cum at the tip. I always loved the taste and feeling of cum. I love it everywhere, on my face, in my mouth, on my skin, in my pussy, in my ass. I just love it. I was enjoying his. I am pretty sure I made a purring sound. I started to seriously work at it. If Bob said I was good, I wanted to be good. Bob asked the guy if it was the best he had had. He answered yes. 

Bob said, "My little cumslut is a great cocksucker". If I did not cum, I was close, those words completely let me lose.

Now everyone knew what I was. 

I reached over to his friend and tried to open his pants with his buddies cock in my mouth. He got the message, helped me, and pulled out his cock. Again, nothing amazing, but still quite nice. I stroked it while I sucked his buddy. I then took my mouth off his buddy. Smiled at him and said, "Your turn." I switched cocks and was now still sucking and stroking 2 cocks. Just the opposite ones. 

I was so fucking turned on. This was always part of our bedroom play, but this was real and 100 times hotter. I knew I was going to get well fucked. All the different combinations were going through my mind. I stood up fluffed my hair stretched so my breasts stuck out and said I was going inside. I stepped through the door. No one moved. I looked at them and said, "Well?" 

It was fun to watch them scramble. 

I pushed the two guys down so they were seated at the end of the bed. I stood in front of them and pulled the red dress off over my head. Both of them were sitting there, cocks straight up, clothes still on, with looks of anticipation. I got on my knees and started alternating between them. I was loving it. 2 cocks, all for me. I even forgot Bob had one too. That would have been 3. I was already creaming. Just then, one of the guys reached down and grabbed my tit. It's not usual, but sometimes I come when touched like that. Wham, my first orgasm hit me. 

Bob saw it and said, "What was that?" 

He knew damn well what it was. 

I meekly answered, "I just came."

Bob was having fun. He knew what words turned me on. He said, "What kind of girls cums while sucking on 2 strangers cocks?" 

I said, "A slut."

He said, "What?"

Louder I said, "A cocksucking slut" and immediately came again. 

I went back to the task at hand. I wanted to make these guys cum. I wanted to show Bob that I was his slut, the best slut, and the best cocksucker. 

Bob grabbed my hair. Not hard, but the way I liked it. He pulled me to my feet. He said, "Give these guys a chance to get their clothes off. You can play with your pussy while they do." 

My hand dived into my pussy, fingers deep inside me, while I watched them undress. Anticipation was driving me crazy. Another orgasm on my fingers. I immediately offered them to Bob. He sucked them dry and said that I was his good little slut.

By this time the guys were undressed. I told them I wanted one in my mouth and someone eating my pussy. Bob cleared his throat. I corrected myself. 

I said, "I want one of you to eat my slutty little cunt." 

I laid on the bed. One guy immediately started eating me. He'd obviously done that before. The other waved his cock in front of my face. I grabbed it and started sucking it. As soon as I had my mouth around it, I felt the tongue on my clit and I went off again. I was on fire. I looked at Bob again. He smiled at me. All I wanted to do was make these guys jealous they were not Bob. I pumped the cock in my mouth until he was about to cum. 

He started to pull out. I let him and said, "I love cum. I love it on my face, my body, my tits, my ass, and in my cunt, and mouth. Give me all the cum you want." 

He exploded. I got 1/2 in my mouth, the rest on my face, tits, and belly. It felt amazing on my skin. I loved the taste. Again, I was hit with a wave of pleasure. I started scooping it up with my fingers and licking them off. 

To no one in particular I said, "I need to get fucked." 

The guy eating my pussy was glad to oblige. He climbed up on my body and shoved his cock in my cunt. 

Next thing I know, Bob is naked, his cock in front of my face. I grab it and start sucking him. 

He looked at me with pride in his eyes and said, "You are the sexiest little cumslut in the world." 

Hearing those words, I came again. I could feel the guy fucking me building up. I started begging him for his cum. Telling him to fill up my slutty little Pussy. I felt it. It exploded in me. He kept pumping. I felt it get forced in me and as he pulled his cock out, some pulled out with him. 

I stuck my fingers in my pussy and licked them clean. I wondered what was next. The guy who had just cum in my mouth was hard again. Bob is older. He can go for hours, but ready again in 10 minutes? No way. Just the fact that he was going to stick his cock in my cum filled pussy again had me on edge. As soon as he entered me I came. This time it was longer. He had already filled my mouth so obviously no rush. I sucked on Bobs cock while being leisurely fucked. I had never felt so hot or so slutty. Covered with cum, filled with cum. I felt like such a slut. 

I heard a cell phone go off. The guy who had just cum in my pussy answered it. He said to his friend , "It's Bill. We were supposed to meet him down stairs 10 minutes ago." 
