 You were in a lounge and you notice me and my friend come in and sit down at the other end of the bar. After a few drinks, I notice that you were looking over our way and seductively holding a cherry in your mouth. I couldn't resist the temptation and grabbed my drink and walked around to your end of the bar, asking you if I could buy you a drink and you agreed.

After a little conversation, I noticed your hand on my thigh, moving up and down the length of it. I also noticed that you skirt had hiked up, exposing some gorgeous thighs, and I reached over and laid my hand about half way up on your leg. When I did this, you uncrossed your legs and slightly parted your thighs. Taking that clue, I slid my hand upwards and felt the edge of your damp panties.

Your hand moved up my leg, and you reached down and grabbed the lump in my pants, and you squeezed my cock and opened your legs a little more, giving me access to more of your panty-clad pussy.

Looking around the bar, I noticed no one was paying attention and I started stroking the lips of your pussy, through the material of your panties. Your expression on your face tells me that you are getting excited, but it also tells me to continue. I begin rubbing your clit through the material and feel an increase of moistness as you come to a quick orgasm.

My cock hard now, you ask me if there is any place that we can go so you can take care of the lump in my pants. I tell you that my apartment is not too far, but I also tell you that I am riding with my friend and ask what about him...You give me a sultry smile and say, he can come to if he wants.

We walk over to my friend and tell him what's going on and the three of us leave the bar and head for the car. As we get into the car, you slide into the middle and as you do, your skirt hikes up to the bottom edge of your panties and a trail of moisture is evident on the seat covers from your already hot wet pussy.

As my friend starts driving to my apartment, we exchange a few words, then you tell us that you've never fucked two men at once, but was more than willing to experience it. Your hand reaches over each of us and grab each of our cocks and begin to massage them through our pants.

When we walk in you tell us to get on the couch that you want to dance for us and for us to take out our cocks and play with them while you undress. 

Not having to be told twice, Bill and I quickly unzip and drop our pants, and start stroking our cocks as you turn on the radio and start a very seductive strip for us. You never take your eyes off of our cocks as you slide your clothes off or your tender looking body.

By now, Bill and I noticed that you have shaved your pussy and you begin looking almost drugged as you move your hand down and caress your pussy in front of us. Our cocks are rock hard at this point and you move towards the couch and kneel down in front of Bill and guide his cock into your mouth. 

After taking it in, you take your mouth off, and slide your tongue up and down his cock from the top to the base. Your other hand reaches over and replaces my hand on my cock as you begin to stroke it with up and down movements.

Bill, by now had leaned back and looked down his stomach and meet your eyes as you slowly descend on his cock. You move back up on the top and give him a gentle lick over the head and get up and move between my legs and start doing the same to my cock. Oh baby, your mouth is so hot and your tongue is leaving trails of fire down to the base of my cock. You continue stroking Bill's cock as you suck on mine.

Bill raises off of the couch and grabs your hips and raises you to where you are standing but still leaned over and sucking my cock. He moves behind you and gets down between your legs and starts to lick your pussy from behind. This causes you to increase the sucking motion on my cock as well as the stroking your hand is giving it.

Bill stands up and grabs his cock and positions it at the entrance of your dripping pussy and inserts the head of it partially in. Feeling this, you move your ass back and take him in with one big push. You take your mouth off of my cock, bracing yourself on my thighs, you start meeting each thrust Bill is giving you as his cock slides in and out of your hot hole.

You resume your sucking on my cock and each time Bill moves you forward, you take my whole cock deep into your mouth as I can feel the tightness of your throat around my head. I lean back on the couch and close my eyes and take in the pleasure I am receiving from your sucking.

Bills fucking increases as you give off little whimpers each time he pushes forward. He thrusts harder and faster, nearing his climax. You take one hand and move down between your legs and start massaging your clit, yet continuing the sucking motion on my cock. Bill feels your hand playing with yourself and grunts as he lunges forward and freezes as he unloads his cum deep into your pussy. This triggers your orgasm, causing my cock to erupt, sending cum against the back of your mouth. You seemed a little surprised, by take all that I have.

Bill pulls out, leaving a void in your pussy, but the mixed cum starts running down the inside of your legs. You reach down and slide your hand down your legs and collect some of the cum and begin rubbing it around your pussy lips, causing them to glisten with moisture. You then run your hand to your mouth and begin licking your fingers, and smiling with an erotic grin.

My cock not quite losing it rigidity, begins to surge back erect as you erotic display triggers my brain to want more. You move over tome and turn around, facing Bill and reach down and guide my cock into your already saturated pussy. You slide down to the base and begin bouncing up and down in my lap, fucking me.

Bill moves forward and you grab his cock and use your tongue to lick some of your juices off of his cock, causing him to start getting hard again. 

You grasp it and pull him even closer and open your mouth and take him into your hot cavern. While you suck Bill, you continue your up and down movement on my cock as we match our thrusting. I reach around you and grab a breast in each hand and gently squeeze them and play with your rock hard nipples.

Your pussy is so hot, it sends heat waves down into my loins as I feel another orgasm coming on. I grab your hips, and pull you down on me harder, trying to reach the bottom of your pussy. Your hand continues to stroke Bill's cock as you continue to suck on the head of his cock. Again, you move your hand down and start massaging your clit, hard and fast as you feel another climax building in your body.

Bill tells you he's fixing to cum, and you take your mouth off of his cock and using your hand, point it towards your chest area as he begins to send jets of cum, splattering on your breasts. As he cums, you begin to cum as your pussy contracts, my cock erupts deep in your body. It seems like we cum for minutes. My cock jerks, giving you a few more drops. You lean back on my chest and looking up at Bill, you take your hands and smear his cum on your breasts.

You turn your head and we kiss, with my cock still planted inside your cum filled pussy. Oh baby, I think you have enjoyed yourself.

We get up and go into the bathroom to clean up, showering and then dressing so we can drop you off back at your car, cause you have to get up early tomorrow morning to go to work.

As we drop you off, you kiss each one of us and give our cocks a little squeeze and say that you would like to do that again sometimes...