 Tanya was laughing heartily as they entered the bar. The dinner had been good and he’d kept plying her with wine until he knew she was at that happy state that wine gave her. The way she moved told him she was feeling horny. Her hips swayed, her nipples hard, showing through the sheer fabric of her close-fitting top. She had on a silk skirt that was almost transparent, he watched the room when they entered, seeing the men inside casting their eyes appreciatively over his wife. He saw their lusting eyes and smiled to himself. 

The bar was dim and smoky a half dozen or so men where at tables drinking whilst a few more played on the two pool tables over to the back of the room. He ordered them drinks at the bar noting Tanya had already begun swaying to the beat of the song on the juke box playing in the corner. She sang to herself as she unconsciously moved in time to the beat.

“Want to dance?” he asked her teasingly.

She glanced around at the men in the place, realising she was the only woman in the room. She smiled and shook her head, though she still swayed to the sounds of the song. She took the drink he offered her, she was thirsty and drained the glass, she looked at the strange smile on his face. She noticed a different taste on her tongue.

“What did you give me?” she asked. She felt a strange sensation of floating away from herself, she saw she stood close to him saw herself put her glass down on the table.

“I want you to dance, Tanya. Go to the juke box and chose some sexy music and dance for me.”

He smiled at her easy compliance. She moved over to the juke box, going through the song list. She chose a few songs to play in a row, all favourites that made her feel sensual and horny when she danced to them. She closed her eyes and started moving to the music.

Joe watched the eyes that moved to watch her. He saw all of them glancing her way as she moved seductively to the music. She moved in her own space, seemingly oblivious to all around her. Her body moving rhythmically, he could tell she was excited. He moved over to her. She looked up and smiled to him. She moved her body close to his, he could feel her warmth, her heat. She reached up to kiss him. Her mouth locked with his and he felt drawn into the sensuousness of her tongue gliding over his own. He returned her kiss aware she was stroking his hard cock through the fabric of his trousers. He was tempted to get her to drop to her knees and give him a blowjob, he saw the hungry eyes of the other men. He could feel their envious gaze as she slowly moved against him. Knew she would do whatever he asked of her.

“Come and dance over here, Tanya. Do a striptease for me. Dance and touch yourself for me.” Joe whispered to her. He drew her out into the middle of the bar where all the men could see her. She continued to move to the music, her eyes closed, her head down so her long hair covered her face. Her hands began to run slowly down her body, outlining her curves, coming back up to caress her breasts, to play with the nipples through her sheer top. She lifted the tight fabric over her head, for a moment her breasts were trapped by the cloth, but then were released and bounced back into place. He smiled. She had such lovely tits. They were large and firm, her hard, dark pink nipples stood out firmly, he knew they were exquisitely sensitive. He knew she could bring herself only by playing with them as she was now. Her hands slipped down to her skirt, slowly shimmying it down her body until she stood only in her silk panties before them.

Joe looked around seeming the wrapt attention of all the men. He saw some of them stroking. He smiled to himself, feeling his own response. 

A more raunchy song with a deep bass beat started. Tanya began to send her hands towards her pussy, sending her fingers in and out in time with the music. Starting to cum, her whole body shaking, her lips were slightly parted, her breath heavy her body tensing again and again as she rode the pleasure.

Joe saw a big, tall black man step forward toward his wife. He saw his hands reach out to fondle her breasts. The contrast of the sight of the black hands on her white flesh was a turn on. He saw a picture of his black cock sliding in and out of her hot pussy.

Tanya opened her eyes to see who touched her, knowing it wasn’t her lover, the texture was different, the touch while not unpleasurable, was unfamiliar. She looked into very dark, eyes and bright white smiling teeth. She felt his hands caress her body, found his mouth enclosing her own with his. She closed her eyes and let the feeling wash over her. She returned his kiss, noting the differences, she ran her hands out and down his body. She gasped at what she found. It seemed to never end as she ran her hand down the length. She found her hands tearing at his clothes, pulling his shirt off, undoing his belt and unzipping his jeans.

Joe watched as his wife frantically undressed the black man. Saw her take the long black cock and massage it within her warm hands. The black guy was fingering Tanya now, sending his long fingers into her hot pussy and waiting for her shuddering response each time as he dug his dark digits into her warm pink pussy.

The guy picked Tanya up effortlessly, manoeuvred her over to one of the now vacant pool tables. He put her down on the green felt positioned himself between her legs and began to slowly slide his cock into her quivering pussy. He continued to push, his long length being taken in, swallowed by her red hot pussy, until all of him was in her, his long shaft pulling back and shoving in, taken in, filling her, pushing into her, the black cock sliding in and out of her red pussy. She fucked his black cock with fervour, cumming again and again as he rammed its length into her.

Joe watched the two of them fucking on the table in front of him. He was hard and wanted to join in, but he waited and watched, his cock hard. He noticed another man had moved towards the fucking couple. He was a young blonde guy, looked as if he was only just old enough to drink at a bar, if he was at all. He reached out and fondled Tanya’s breasts lowered his head and suckled on her tits as the big black man fucked her. 

Tanya was moaning and shuddering as the orgasms swept in a constant wave across her. She didn’t care where she was, what was happening, she didn’t care about a single thing but the exquisite ecstasy that was filling every shred of her body. She was calling out, telling the black guy to ride her, to fuck her hard. Joe watched in wrapt attention. He saw her look at him, saw her knowing smile.

“Oh, Joe!” she whispered.

He felt her heat wrap around his soul. He knew that she was fucking him even as she was being filled by the black man, having her tits licked and sucked by the young blonde guy. 

The black guy was beginning to lose himself in her. He pushed into her hard again and again, he pulled out at the last minute, his white cum spouting from his black cock, to fall across her stomach. He bent down to kiss her pussy, his long tongue pushing in where his big black cock had been.

Tanya was reaching out to the young guy, running her hand down in search of his firm cock. She manoeuvred herself so that her mouth was near him. She slowly lowered her mouth towards the young guy, feeling his firm hardness in her mouth, feeling him as he licked and sucked her breasts and as the black guy still tongued her pussy. She felt another mouth on her other breast, reached out to find another cock within her grasp. She ran her hand the length of it, pulling it off as she went down on the young blonde guy. She felt another cock entering her, she looked through half closed eyes, not sure how many men now surrounded her, stroked her, licked her, fucked her, sucked her, she only knew that she felt wonderful… her mouth full, her pussy full, her body quivering again and again as she came in wave after wave of erotic ecstasy.

Joe watched in rock hard fascination. Tanya had the young blonde guy in her mouth sucking his cock, in her right hand she was jacking off a guy with black hair and a beard, her left wrapt around the black guy, who seemed to be getting back his huge erection, whilst her pussy was being filled by a guy whose cock was about 3inches thick. Another guy was trying to lick her clit, though was finding it hard to fit in. The pool table was a mass of bodies with his wife the centrepiece being fucked from all ways. He saw a sixth guy slip in and turn Tanya slightly. He started playing with her ass, sending his fingers into her before he replaced them with his cock.

Tanya shook with absolute abandon. She lost herself in the excess of sex. She sucked and fucked for all she was worth. She came again and again, feeling the others cum filling her. She felt her mouth, wet and sticky, her pussy, hot wet and sticky, her ass being filled again and again. She shuddered and quivered, she shook from head to toe in wave after wave of pleasure that seared her soul and sent her to a plain of existence that she rarely obtained. Joy sang across every sense, across every synapse a wave of wantonness enveloped her and sent her orgasmic and shaking on a continuous roller coaster of exultation.

Joe watched as the last man had his fill of her. She’s brought every single one of them, Made them cum and drunk them in. She had revelled in their adulation, she’d let them have their fill and now lay exhausted. A smile lit her lips. She sighed contentedly, unable to believe what she’s felt that night.

She looked up and saw Joe watching her. She smiled sheepishly, realising he’d seen her utter release. Her smile widened realising he had orchestrated this. He’d seen her shred of all inhibitions, seen her pleasure all those men, seen her as she abandoned herself to orgasmic release again and again, not caring how it happened, only wanting it again and again.

She came to him then. She straddled him as he sat in his chair. She kissed him slowly, her tongue languishing in the warmth of his mouth, entwining with his own and shrouded in a passion that he could feel with every fibre of his body.

His cock was straining for release. She rubbed herself against it through the fabric of his trousers. Her hands played with his nipples, her mouth still warm and insistent upon his own.

She was starting to unbutton his shirt, undoing his fly and reaching her hands in to caress him. He let her undress him, feeling her warm flesh sliding against his own once he too was naked. She dropped to her knees and pleasured her mouth on his cock, taking it in and down, sliding and gliding with exquisite loveliness across his rock hard flesh. She brought herself and sat on him again, burrowing his cock into her pussy and riding him for a while, thrilling at the wonderful feeling of him filling her, feeling her own juices rising and cumming upon him with voluptuous abandon.

“Joe!!!!!’

Her scream filled the room. She bore down on him, devouring his cock with her red, hot pussy, he thought of what he’d seen, how she had taken them and cum so many times, he felt his own cum rising, meeting her they fed upon each other’s lust, writhing together, shuddering again and again as they rode upon the ecstatic rush.

He helped her dress with a smile of deep satisfaction on his face. She smiled wryly to him.

“Come on,” she laughed as he escorted her from the bar, “We better get home. The babysitter will be expecting us.”