 Jim worked in a small insurance office with five co-workers. Alan was the owner of the business. He was an outgoing man of 62 but looked a few years older thanks to an alcohol addiction. Jim's other four co-workers were all women. Gertrude was a 60 year old human textbook on insurance. She was the classic overweight grandmother but knew her job better than anyone else. Diane was a tall plain preacher's wife who despite working there ten years still acted as though she was a new employee being trained. Liz was the party girl. She was 30 years old, 5'2" 120lbs, blonde hair, 36D breasts, and a new boyfriend every month. She was good at her job but liked to party every weekend. She flirted with Jim and Alan around the office and with Gert and Diane's husband but had her own personal rule to never get involved with anyone she worked with. Julie was youngest member of the group. She was 28 years old, 5'5", 140lbs, brown hair, nice tan, barely wore any make-up, 36B breasts, and as far as anyone in the office could tell she never had a boyfriend. Julie was cute but not the type to draw a second look from a guy. A few of the staff wondered if in fact she was a lesbian but never had the courage to ask her. Julie worked part time which meant three days a week. She was shy until she felt comfortable you and she had a very distinct giggle. She loved to take long weekend trips to beach.

Jim was 32yrs old, divorced, 5'9", 175lbs, brown hair, average body, and a cock that was almost as thick as it was long. It was Friday afternoon and Jim started his week's vacation after work. Julie had already left on one of her long weekends to the beach. Jim thought that maybe Julie had the right idea.

"So are you going anywhere on vacation this year Jim?" Liz asked.

"I was planning on visiting my brother but I think I may stop off at the beach on the way for a few days." Jim answered.

"That sounds like fun." Diane remarked.

"Maybe you will see Julie when you are there." Gert added.

"Maybe but I doubt it. There are several beaches in that area and who knows which one she chose this time. Besides I just plan on staying there two days and then on to Jason's house." Jim said.

"I don't know how you young kids can just go to the beach by yourself like that. Julie does it all the time and I know she says she meets some friends there, she never mentions their names, and besides her mom and sister she never gets any calls. How can she afford to go five or six times a year too?" Gert asked.

"I don't know how she affords it. I am just going for a day or two of relaxation unless of course some hot beach bunny in a skimpy bikini wants to keep me company." Jim joked.

"You're going to the beach Jim, not fantasyland." Liz laughed.

Finally five o'clock came and Jim began a week off. He had already packed and decided to stop by the apartment get his things and drive straight toward the beach. He made reservations at a small hotel near the beach. Jim drove all evening and arrived after midnight. He checked in and got a room on the third floor, Room 319. As he was walking down the hallway toward his room he could hear voices coming from room 321. It sounded like a party. Jim opened his door and went into his room. He could almost make out what the voices in the next room were saying. He remembered that some people used a glass to listen through walls. He decided to try. He heard the first voice 

"Suck my cock, that's it take it all the way!" The first man's voice said.

"She sure has a tight ass, I think I might cum again." The second man's voice said.

Jim couldn't believe it! There was an orgy in the next room. He continued to listen. H could not hear what the female voice was saying but he could definitely tell she was enjoying her evening. 

"I'm cumming, that's it, swallow it all. I will say this for you, you really know how to suck cock." The first man's voice said.

"I am going to cum too!" The second man said. Jim heard the female voice say something in a voice too quiet to understand and then heard some movement.

"Open up and let me cum all over that pretty face of yours." The second man said.

"Well that was the best two hours I have had in a long time sweetheart, you were worth every penny. We will definitely be at the Bare Cave tomorrow night to help you out." The first man said.

"Yes, we will do what we can to make sure you win." The second man said.

Jim heard the female say something, he guessed it was thank you but she talked in a hushed voice. He heard her door open and the men leave. He rushed to the peep hole in his door and saw a young man and a middle aged man exit the hallway. Jim realized he had a prostitute staying in the next room, and he also realized that he was going to have to find this Bare Cave tomorrow.

Jim got ready for bed but couldn't get to sleep until he jerked off while thinking about the escapades next door. The next day Jim spent the morning on the beach, soaking up the sun and watching the few beautiful girls he could find on the sand. It never ceased to amaze him how in movies beaches are full of gorgeous women in skimpy bikini's but in real life most of the women are older, overweight, average, too skinny, and wearing bathing suits that cover up too much. Yes there were a few babes but most of the women were normal looking. Jim headed back to the hotel before noon. As he was walking down the hall way he noticed the door opening to room 321. A young red head in her twenties stepped out. She was slim and cute. She smiled at him as she passed. This was the woman who was getting it at both ends last night. Jim had to find this Bare Cave. Jim went inside and showered and changed. He looked in the phone book but could not find any listing for Bare Cave. A marvelous thought entered his head, taxi drivers. Taxi drivers knew the city better than anyone. Jim went downstairs walked out to the curb and flagged down a taxi. 

"Where would you like to go?" The driver asked.

"Do you know a place called the Bare Cave?" Jim asked.

"Sure, but it don't open until 7 o'clock." The driver said.

"That is okay; I am supposed to meet a friend near there." Jim lied.

The cab took off and drove about a mile, turned a few times and pulled up in front of this small run down nightclub. The canvas awning said "Bare Cave". Jim paid the driver and looked around. There was a small restaurant across the street and Jim decided to grab some lunch and find out about the Bare Cave. Jim entered the restaurant and took a corner booth. The waitress came by and took his order. A couple in the booth across from him finished and left, there was nobody near him now. The bus boy came to clean the table. Jim got his attention.

"Hey, could you answer a question for me?" Jim asked.

"Sure." The busboy answered.

"What is that place across the street, the Bare Cave?" He asked.

"That used to be a night club but now they just rent it for private parties if you know what I mean" The busboy said.

"Explain to me what you mean." Jim encouraged.

The busboy looked around to see who might be listening. "They have some...adult parties there and if you have enough money for admission you get in and enjoy some adult fun." The busboy explained.

"How much is admission?" Jim eagerly asked.

"Depends, but it is usually never more than $75." The busboy asked.

"Thanks." Jim said as he slid $10 to the busboy.

"My pleasure." The busboy answered.

Jim finished his lunch which was surprisingly very good and caught a cab back to the hotel. Jim spent the afternoon sight seeing and had a nice supper at 6 o'clock, and went back to his room for a short nap. Jim awoke a little while later, showered, dressed in some casual clothes and went to the curb outside to catch a cab to the Bare Cave. Jim arrived at the Bare Cave and saw someone walk in the front door before him. He decided to follow and take his chances. He got through the first door he found himself in a small entry way. There was a large, muscular, rough looking man collecting money. The man ahead of Jim asked how much and the large man answered "75 bucks."

Jim paid his $75 and entered. There must have been around eighty guys in there drinking from kegs and no women yet. Jim waited and after about 45 minutes a man got on the microphone and announced it was party time. About a dozen women entered from different areas of the club. Jim immediately recognized the red head from the hotel as she entered closest to him. The women made their way to mattresses at different locations in the club. The announcer spoke:

"Everybody enjoy themselves and at midnight we will vote on our favorite lady. The winner receives a nice prize and you gentlemen get to help her earn it."

Jim drifted toward the red head's area. Men were still paying to get in and there had to be over a hundred guys here now. The red head was now nude and on her knees trying to suck two guys at once. She would lick a cock then deep throat it, then another and deep throat it. A tall balding man kneeled behind her and shoved his cock deep in her. She met his thrust with thrusts of her own while one of the guys she was sucking erupted all over her face. The man behind her pulled out of her, pinched the head of his cock until he was beside her and then less loose an explosion of cum that hit her back and ran down her side until it dripped off her nipple.

Jim began to make his way around the room. There was a blonde by the emergency exit with huge tits. Her pussy was shaved and she was riding one cock while sucking another and jerking off two others, one in each hand. Her face and tits glistened with cum. Jim noticed a larger crowd over by the payphone. This group was younger than the others and seemed to be enjoying themselves. Jim stepped forward and noticed a girl with her back to him. One guy had is cock buried in her pussy while another had one buried in her ass. She was sucking another guy and had him deep in her throat. She had brown hair, small but great shaped tits, and a nice ass. The guy in front of her began breathing heavy and thrusting deep into her throat, he then pulled out a long cock, must have been nine or ten inches and exploded on the girls face. Her face was so covered with cum that it looked as though she dipped her face in a box of glazed doughnuts. Then she giggled, a very distinct giggle, a giggle I had heard before many times. This cum queen was Julie! Jim watched as the guys in her ass and pussy pulled out and squirted their loads on her hair. He was in shock when a guy next to him asked: "Do you want to go next?"

Jim's cock was now rock hard as he said "You bet I do!"

He undressed as quickly as he could and lined up behind Julie. She was sucking some young black guy now. Jim pushed his rock hard cock into her well used pussy. She did some little trick that Jim had never felt before as her pussy seemed to grab his cock repeatedly and pull him in. It felt wonderful, no wonder she was so popular. He was fucking her when a guy tapped him on the shoulder so he would move slightly and the new guy maneuvered under her so that his cock was pointing toward her pussy. Jim slipped out of her pussy and into her surprisingly tight ass. He started shoving it in slow and then buried it. She removed her mouth from the cock in front of her and said

"Oh that feels so good in my ass, don't stop."

Yep that was Julie's voice alright and Jim was not going to disappoint her. He stopped only once to let the guy beneath Julie enter her pussy. Jim could feel the other guy's cock moving in Julie's pussy. Jim began to pump in rhythm with the other guy each burying their cocks in deep. 

"She is getting long donged now!" One of the spectators said.

The black guy she was sucking emptied his load right in Julie's eyes. She did not even flinch, she started panting.

"I am going to cum, please don't stop, I am cumming! Fuck my cunt, and thank you for fucking my ass. Don't stop! Oh my GOD!!!" Julie screamed and then her voice went silent as she was experiencing pure ecstasy. 

Jim could feel Julie tighten up around his cock and the other. Jim could not last any more. He pulled out of Julie's ass which made a loud pop and moved around to Julies face. Her eyes were sealed shut with cum. He brushed his cock on her lips she opened and took him in just as he blew his load. Jim could feel wave after wave of hot cum pour from his cock into Julie's awaiting mouth. Finally he was done. She opened her mouth and he and several other guys could see it full of cum.

"Man, you put a huge load in her mouth." An older guy remarked.

Julie played with it and then swallowed it all. 

"That was the sweetest cum yet, I wish I could see you, I wouldn't mind having more of you!" Julie said as she giggled. 

Jim watched as Julie took multiple cocks in every hole. She never did compliment anyone like she did him. At midnight a bell rang and the girls made it to the front. The announcer held his hand over each girls head and the men chose the winner by their applause. Julie won by a landslide. The men enjoyed her because she enjoyed them right back. 

Jim left that night without telling Julie he was there. The next week when he got back to work everybody asked how his vacation went and he told them great. Later that Monday when he and Julie were alone for a few minutes, Julie asked which beach he went to and he told her.

"I was there too. I am surprised I didn't see you there." She said.

"I spent the morning on the beach, went sightseeing in the afternoon, and to a club in the evening." Jim said.

"What club?" Shy little Julie asked.

"The Bare Cave, and by the way congratulations on your victory, you deserved it." He slyly said.

Julie went pale "You were there? Oh no, did we..?"

"Yes, you said I had the sweetest cum yet and that you wished you could see me." Jim said.

"Oh my God, that was you! I asked everyone if they knew who you were or where you went. Oh please don't tell anyone. I am a closet nympho and I can earn $2500 in prize money doing that." Julie pleaded.

"Don't worry your secret is safe with me, but from now on I think we can practice you skills and then take some trips to the beach together." Jim suggested.

"That would be super!" Julie giggled.