 I was pulling around behind Bay Realty to the back alley of the Barbershop to meet up with Megyn for a prearranged threesome while thinking about the high time that I had in Destin not forty eight hours ago.

As my line of sight cleared the corner of the building I immediately noticed a major confrontation between Megyn, Paula and some Biker looking character. While I was backing out, pretending that I had pulled in only to turn around, I caught a glimpse of two more behind the barbershop leaning on their bikes and they were watching what looked to be a serious argument. 

The second that I got to where they couldn't see me I blocked their best exit with my Escalade, grabbed my Sig forty out of the armrest, tucked it in my waist band at the small of my back and walked around the corner.

The loudmouthed one by the girls put his right hand around Megyn's throat and was about to shove her back against the brick wall when I made my presence known by yelling in my strongest voice: "What's going on here!"

The two leaning on their bikes immediately stood up in a normal defensive posture as I kept walking toward the girls. Mr. Loudmouth turned around and yelled: "What the fuck business is it of yours, Pop?"

The micro second he stepped up to get in my face, my rear shirttail came out, my left hand was around the back of his back of his head and the three inch business end of my Sig was pressing up under his chin toward the roof of his mouth.

I turned the two of us so I could face his buddies and noticed they hadn't moved. In almost a growl I told them: "Face down on the ground and I shoved their buddy between them so hard that he knocked the one to on the left, back against one of the bikes.  

I pushed the gun barrel hard into the center of his dew rag and asked: "What the fuck did I just tell you?" And all three went to their knees and laid out on hot asphalt. 

I pulled out my cell phone, took pictures of the three motorcycle license plates, put it on speaker and dialed my friend Mike Schalfly the cop: "Listed mike, I have just had a run in with three punk biker assholes in the alley behind Paula's Barbershop." I said the moment he answered:

"Are they still alive?" Mike jovially responded.

I answered: "For know, but I witnessed one them assaulting both Megyn and Paula before he turned on me and his two buddies just watched and made no attempt to stop him or defend the girls in any way."

Mike said: "Listen Peter, I'm only a few blocks over I just finished a sandwich and I will be there in two minutes."

Megyn was still noticeably shaken so I tossed Paula my keys and told her my car was just around the corner and I asked her to back it out of the way so that Mike's patrol car would fit and then I asked Megyn: "Who are these assholes?"

"The one in the middle is Lance." She said as she rubbed the reddening welt on her throat. "He was the one that was supposed to join us this evening, but he brought those two instead. When I refused to have sex with all three of them, Paula heard me yelling and came out to help me and that's when you pulled up." She added.

"Shut the fuck up bitch!" Lance yelled and I walked over, kicked him in the face and broke his nose.

As his two hands went to hold his bloodied face, the other two said: "Man, that's not necessary dude!"

And I pushed one of the their hogs over into the next and told them to pick out what dumpster they wanted their bodies to be found in and just then Paula walked around the corner followed by Mike's slow moving patrol unit.

The ladies were asked to step inside while his partner tape recorded their statements and we explained to the three of them in no uncertain terms what a bad choice they had made in fucking with our friends, if you know what I mean. 

About that time, another patrol unit pulled up with a K-9 and all three became more visibly shaken then they were in being roughed up by us. Consequently, narcotics were found in all three bikes and on all three bikers. 

"It seems they were here for one hell of a party." Mike surmised.

A radio call later, a transport van showed up and loaded the bad guys for their trip to jail, followed by a tow truck who's driver laughingly wasn't too careful in loading their three show quality choppers he intentionally banged up. 

Mike and his partner cop both thanked me and I was assured that they would never be a threat to either lady or come back to this location again, do to having outstanding warrants and three priors each. The officers told me that they had my report and there was no need at this time to involve the ladies any further, but asked that I have them jot down any pertinent facts such as date and times so they could remember them in case they were ever needed to testify.

As mike backed out, he told me: "Each are three time losers. They'll be in jail until the trial and they will serve their full terms in prison without parole. You might want to let Paula and Megyn know for their peace of mind."

As he rolled up his window to leave, I knocked on the barbershop door.

Both Paula and Megyn were all over me with emotions and questions and I explained to them what the police had told me and I said that since this was Saturday and they were closed tomorrow that it might be a good idea for them to get together and jot down a few facts like the exact times and the date.

Megyn was the first to turn the subject away from her previous horror by saying: "Peter, I want to thank you, I want to you to come next door so I can take care of you." She cooed.

I said: "Look, It's late and we used up all of our time and energy dealing with those three assholes. We're all a little rattled, so why don't we just reschedule?"

Before she could answer, Paula said: "Come on Peter, we have a new Item that was just brought in for resale. I know with everything that happened it's after seven now but Mark is up in Tampa for his all night poker with the boys and since the other arrangement fell through, I want to join you two. Besides, I could use a stress release."

Within two minutes they buttoned up the barbershop, locked the front door, turned out the lights and Megyn let us in the little shop next door while Paula set the alarm and bolted her barbershop's back door.

While standing there staring at what looked to be a new professional grade leather massage table, I heard Paula come in behind us and lock the door.

Paula said: "This came in yesterday and we both thought of you when we saw it." And Megyn threw a sheet over it.

"Come on Peter, just relax." Paula whispered as she started to unbutton my shirt. 

I reached over and put my handgun on the end table and as Paula removed my shirt from behind, Megyn unbuckled my belt, unbuttoned and unzipped my slacks. I sat on the edge of the table, noticing how low they had it set and as I kicked off my shoes, Megyn pulled my slacks the rest of the way off.

"Let's start with you on your stomach Peter." Paula requested and as I rolled onto the table and placed my face in the through-hole of the headrest, both ladies removed my briefs.

"Man, they really got you all tense and tight!" Megyn said as she worked my neck and shoulders.

And Paula replied: "You start at the top, I'll work from his feet up and we'll meet somewhere in the middle." She chuckled. 

Micro waved warm grape seed oil and twenty or more minutes of sheer ecstasy later, Megyn softly said: "Roll onto your back for us please."

I am here to tell you, the feeling of four female hands giving you a head to toe back massage beats just about anything that you can imagine (massage wise that is) and though I wanted them to continue, I rolled over.

I noticed that Megyn was already undressed and was standing above my head and as she rubbed down my shoulders over my chest toward my waist, her cute neatly sculpted trimmed bush was right in my face. As my legs were parted at my feet I raised my head, looked down and saw that Paula was also totally naked.

The soft hands on my stomach and chest with the warmth of oil on my feet and calves felt remarkable and the warm scent of Megyn's flesh in concert with the sight of two beautiful naked women made my cock fill so full of blood that it started to ache and it felt as if the head of it would explode.

Paula started to firmly rub, knead and squeeze my balls and just at the point where the pressure started to become uncomfortable making them a bit sore she stopped, then softly stroked and tickle my sack.

Megyn actually straddled the headrest and as my nose found her soft little open pink donut of an anus and my tongue parted her inner lips, Paula's oiled up middle finger entered my ass in search my prostate. 

As she softly but determinedly massaged that gland, I could feel unbelievable amounts of crystal clear precum start to string out of the slit in the end of my cock and they both took turns licking, tasting and remarking over how sweet my flavor is while sharing the tip of my cockhead. 

I heard the wooden support of the headrest creak and I felt Megyn lean forward on top of me and then her warm mouth slid over my cock and I felt it start to go down her throat. It was at that moment that I realized why they were so careful not to apply any of the oil on my dick.

As Megyn started to suck and slowly bob, Paula continued her assault on my prostate and ball-sack and as my first orgasm started to build, I made no attempt to hold it back.

I lifter my ass in unison as ribbon after ribbon of my hot sperm shot into Megyn's mouth hitting the back of her throat and Paula continued to squeeze, knead and fondle my balls as her finger kept fucking my ass. 

I sucked Megyn's little protruding anal rim into my mouth forcing my tongue as deep inside as it would allow and then I heard Paula in a soft voice say: "Don't swallow it Megyn, don't swallow it." And she slowly withdrew her finger from the contact of my prostate and out of my ass.

I felt Megyn close her lips tight around me near the center of my shaft and slowly come off of it being careful not to leave anything behind and then Paula leaned in and milked the last drops in her mouth. As I looked up, I saw them exchange a deep open mouthed kiss while sharing my ejaculate. 

Let me tell you, if you have never had a four hand massage you're cheating yourself out of sensations that cannot be explained and this writing cannot do justice to. If the woman in your life ever asks you what you want for your birthday, anniversary or any other special gift occasion, have her get with one of her more attractive girlfriends and arrange one for you. After all, it's your birthday, anniversary or special occasion or she wouldn't be asking you what you wanted, right? So be truthful and don't take any crap from her.

I remembered at that moment wishing that there could be more to this visit, I wanted Paula's strong scent on my dick and I wanted to blend it with that of Megyn's ass and I wanted to feel once again the pleasures of them orally cleansing their blended essence off of my cock like they did before, but it was over.

Both ladies seemed more than content in satisfying me, stating that they were grateful for me providing them with the safe outcome of what was a dangerous ordeal that could have potentially escalated in to rape or far worse. 

As I dressed, Megyn and Paula searched out their cloths collecting them from wherever they had thrown them and Paula actually grinned at me when she saw me shove her little workday old soiled white panties in my pants pocket.

Megyn said: "I hope that what happened didn't spoil things between us Peter, Paula and I would still like to try for the MFM thing sometime. I promise you that we will plan it better."

And as I walked out the door craving my rare New York strip and baked potato from my favorite brew house, I responded: "Ladies, I'm just glad that I could be here for you."