 Are you sure this is alright with you? Sue asked her new husband. "Still have a chance to back out. We can go to a regular camp ground."

Sue and Walt James had stopped their rented motor home just before the gates to "The Bare Bears" a nudist resort off in the woods of upper New York state.

A week at the resort had been one of the many gifts they received at their reception. After being the butt of tons of ribald jokes, bets were made about them being brave enough to go and spend the week running around naked in the woods. The deciding item was that the brave couple would receive $1000.00. They only had to bring back proof with enough nude pictures to show they had been there and went naked interacting with other naked people.

"Get your camera ready! Here we go!" Laughed Walt. "Show them your tits hun." 

Entering the grounds after giving their names and being buzzed in they were met by a couple standing in front of the office bldg, dressed in only bright smiles. Later he learned they were Nancy and Jim, managers of the resort. Stopping next to them Walt saw them to be about fifty or so, Nancy wore her grey hair shoulder length, 5'5" tall, medium body with slightly drooping breasts. Jim, taller by several inches, partly bald and what was left gray. Both very tanned. 

They both knew that they would see naked people but were surprised to see their hosts so totally exposed. and so calm about it. Walt suddenly realized that he had a hard on. His cock had reacted automatically to the sight of a naked woman. He turned to one side hiding it from Sue. He needn't bothered, she was busy staring at Jim's six inch cock. She had seen very few cocks, and eagerly wondered how many more she would see before the week was over. 

Nancy invited Sue into the office while Jim directed Walt to a site to set up and came over to help get the camper settled.

Nancy and Jim gave Sue and Walt the same talk and advice they used for newbes.

"I know this is your first time at a nude camp ground. The rules are simple. Total nudity required in the pool, hot tub and main area. Optional in dining area and on the trails. No sexual activity in the open, if you must fuck, use your camper. The only exception is dance night. I'll explain that later. Carry a towel to set on and to hide any embarrassing moments if necessary. On this your first day you may wear shorts if desired. Have fun and enjoy your stay here. Remember we all had a first time to be naked. This is yours. Make the best of it."

"Which way do we go? Sue asked Walt. "Naked or shorts?" Monuments later they were approaching the pool and hot tub area. Walt wearing shorts while Sue proudly displayed her lovely body, totally naked in public for the first time. 5'6", 34C breasts, light brown shoulder length hair, high firm ass, pussy lips hidden by a medium growth of fine hair. She had given Walt her cherry just last month, but hadn't been seen naked by any other man, or ever seen a naked man. She was eagerly looking forward to seeing some

As they neared the public area they saw some thirty people, all sizes and shapes. To Walt he was in tit heaven. Sue was totally enthralled by the sight of so many naked cocks. Both noticed that most of the women and a lot of men had no body hair, bald pussies and bare cocks in full view. Walt took lots of pictures. Sue almost moved her hands to cover her tits, then realized how silly it was, they were naked too. Nancy made introductions to two couples. "Hi kids. Meet Ruth, her fella, Bob. Mary and Jack. They also were newbes at one time, now totally with the nudist program. As they gave and got hugs all around Sue dropped her eyes to the dangling bare cocks of these two nice looking guys. Soft they hung about five inches, she wondered what they would look like hard. 

Bob spoke up. "You can drop the shorts Walt. The girls won't bite, they might just nibble a little bit if you give them a chance ." Everyone laughed. 

"Come on Sue, you know why!" Walt whispered to his wife's ear.

"If you have a woodie we understand and if I caused it I'm flattered." Said Ruth. "It happens to most men here. Just look at what your wife is doing to these two guys."

Glancing to their groins Walt noticed Ruth was holding both men by their, now, very stiff cocks.

Sue gasped at the sight and murmured. "Oh my-yy." Blushing brightly as she gazed at the two hard, seven inch cocks aimed toward her. "Their nice, so-o-o nice and big-g." 

"Sue, change places with Ruth for a pix. Walt said."Now that's a picture that can prove we came here, and interacted naked with others. You fellas wouldn't mind, would you?" 

"Our pleasure." Jack happily said as they moved next to Sue. Each taking a hand and placing it on their rigid pricks. Sue's hands automatically wrapped around these huge cocks. They felt so nice to her, so firm. Her pussy juices began to flow. Since losing her virginity last month she had become almost a sex maniac, Walt had trouble keeping her satisfied. She started moving her hands on the hard cocks in her hands, slowly jacking them off. She wanted some sex, no matter who with. 

Walt, surprised at her actions watched as his wife masturbated Bob and Jack. He continued taking pictures of her lewd actions. 

"I can tell she likes them. Get a picture of her kissing them." Ruth told Walt.

"Ok, Sue kiss them."

Sue bent down and kissed the head of both stiff cocks.

"Not their cocks, I meant the guys." Walt yelled, but still took several shots of her lips on their hard pricks. Sue turned to Jack still holding tight to his cock and kissed him on the lips while Bob pressed his stiff cock to the crack of her fine ass,

"OK kids. You know the rules. No sex outside. If your going to fuck go indoors." Nancy admonished them as she strolled away, calling back to them. "Have a good time." "Alright. We will." Bob said as he and Jack took Sue's arms leading her to a near by camper. Ruth and Mary also led Walt away but to a different camper. 

Sue eagerly entered the cabin with the two men. 

"But-t-t they went in there. Shouldn't we go there too?" Walt hesitated before entering with the girls. 

"Don't worry, she'll be fine." Ruth told him. "The guys will take good care of her while we see to your needs."

"But-t."

"Shush-h." Mary whispered, kissing his lips while Ruth pulled down his shorts freeing his stiff prick from its confinement. "That's what we've been looking for, a nice hard cock." Ruth exclaimed as she closed her lips over the head of Walt's prick.

Pushing him back to the floor Mary sat on Walt's face, lowering her pussy to his mouth. "Eat me lover, I love to have my cunt eaten." 

Still concerned with the fate of his wife with the two studs Walt knew that there wasn't much he could do at the moment. They would sort things out later. Meanwhile.

As his tongue worked further into Mary's hot dripping pussy he felt the heat as Ruth lowered her hot body down over his stiff prick. When her pussy enveloped his stiff cock in its wet embrace Walt sighed. He had always wondered about a group sex party, now he knew just how wonderful it could be. Ruth was fucking him with all her energy. Riding his throbbing cock, which had been stiff for some time and needed relief her eager cunt squeezing the shaft coaxing his seed to shoot into her. Feeling his balls tighten he spewed forth gobs of milky cum to her waiting womb.

Sue was in a sexual frenzy as the two horny studs led her into the camper. She realized the results of her going with these two well hung men, she went willingly. She knew what she wanted. SEX, lots of glorious sex. Figuring that Walt was being serviced very well by Mary and Ruth next door she decided to let go and enjoy what ever Bob and Jack had to give her. They had between them a lot to give, fourteen inches of lovely cock, just for her pleasure. She laid back on the bed, spreading her legs and said huskily. "Please!" The two eager men began making love to her willing body. 

As one man began kissing her lips the other started sucking her toes. Both used mouths and tongues to explore her exposed flesh. Sue didn't know which was where and cared less. Kisses rained over her face and neck. Hands lightly caressed her body. Not neglecting any part of her. Two, three, four, more, who could count. While one nipple was being tweaked the other was being sucked on. Fingers gently parted the sparse hair over her mound and spread her pussy lips and a mouth covered her sopping wet vagina. Her ass rose to greet the invasion of the eager tongue. Wrapping her legs over the wide shoulders she urged her pussy eater on.

Ruth and Mary switched positions. Mary moved down and licked Ruths and Walts mixed juices from the still firm prick then set her ready pussy down over it, getting her share of his cock. Ruth straddled Walts head. Lowering her cunt, dripping with fresh cum, over his mouth. Having no choice he began licking the juices, his fresh cum and hers combined. Much to Walts surprise he liked the taste. Suddenly he could feel the urge to cum again. Thrusting hard he shot a medium load deep into Mary just as she shuddered in her own climax. 

Disengaging himself from the girls Walt started to the door."Got to check on Sue! See if she's alright."

"Better take your camera. You'll definitely want pix of what you find." Mary told him. 

Totally shocked at the sight as he entered the cabin. Sue. His wife of just yesterday was on her knees on the messed bed. Her mouth sucking eagerly on Jacks seven inch cock while bob was fucking her doggie style, plowing deep in her pussy from the rear. 

Mary, who had followed him, whispered. "Take that picture. Go ahead take it. You'll both want to remember your first threesome and orgy" Walt and Sue took lots of picturers of all six that afternoon in as many different combinations possible

Some time later Nancy stopped by their camper. 'Hi kids. Having a good time yet? Meet any more couples?

Sue laughed at her remark. "That four kept us so busy we haven't had time to mix more." She then asked. " Any more like them here?" 

To Be Continued.