 I loved this part of the Oregon coastline and this particular secluded beach. It was a hard three mile hike to get there. That was the good part about it. That's why it was so secluded. To hike the hidden trail, you had to wear jeans and a long sleeve shirt with boots or you would be bloody by the trails end. One also had to have a pair of hand clippers to cut the gorse and blackberries along with other brush just to keep the trail clear so you could hike it. 

I was on my way there now, almost to the State Park where there was safe parking available for a small fee. At least I didn't have to worry about the car while I was hiking. I had been coming here for the last three years to get away from the firm. It had become my escape away from the crap I had to put up with. I was the junior partner and got the shitty work. I was good at the work I did. I just got tired of some of the clients trying to grope me and get into my pants. I had just offed the last client that tried to grope me with a knee to the groin. I laid him out on the conference room floor gasping for air, the senior partner watching as I did it. Problem was, the guy was supposed to be one of the "good citizen town father type." Really, he was just a jerk. I was told to leave. The Firm would take care of it. 

I being a natural blue eyed blonde with a petite figure didn't help. I guess it was the dumb blonde image that was the problem. I was anything but a dumb blonde. When I got home I changed my hair color to light brown. I was through being a blonde for a while. Still, I resented the fact I did this. 

With my good looks and great body, I had no trouble getting dates and was told often I could be a model possibly a high paid one if I wanted. I found I could get any guy I wanted with just a teasing smile. I was careful with whom I teased though. 

I considered myself lucky to have found this hidden treasure. If I hadn't overheard some high school kids talking about it and their getting everyone together to do the trail maintenance, I wouldn't have known about it. As it was, I talked them in to letting me join them. Most weren't too keen on me going or even knowing about the place. I was an adult and adults weren't wanted on their private beach. I got the idea early on the only reason I was "invited" along was several of the guys thought they could get into my pants. That didn't happen.

That had been a rough day. That first day on the trail. I worked up a few blisters on my hands with all the brush clipping. I didn't have the gloves that I now have. The trail had been in sad shape not being maintained all winter. The kids took it in stride though and had fun while I was miserable. When we reached the end of the worst part of the trail on the bluff above the beach my blistered hands were forgotten. The view was spectacular, the beach below serene and devoid of all human life. The draw we had to work our way down through wasn't as hard as I thought it would be. The trail that had been cut was still in good shape. When we hit the beach, the girls and guys stripped down to their swim suits and went to play. 

I on the other hand stripped down to my string bikini and went exploring. A couple of the guys stuck with me, the same two that thought I would put out. I suppose what I was wearing was too revealing. I knew it had been a mistake when the two kept trying to distract me enough to untie the strings. Working together to distract me they had the bows on each side untied. I was glad I had tied double knots otherwise I would have lost my bottoms. They laughing joked about it. 

When I finally got it across to them I would not put out, one left. Jerry stuck with me. I thought he was just being nice and helped me explore, showing me places he knew about, like the hidden bench just above the high tide mark where one could set up a small tent that would be hidden from the beach and unseen from the bluff above. Later when we went to lay on the beach with the rest of the group he spread a towel for me to lay on. He lay beside me and we chatted for a while until I dozed off. It wasn't for but a few seconds but I awoke with a start when I felt the knot on his side come loose and his fingers slide under the small patch of fabric. I slapped his hand away and quickly retied the knot while cussing him out. At the time he really pissed me off. It was a good thing we were there for only the day. Who knows what would have happened if we had spent the night. 

Thinking about all of this put a smile on my face. I wondered what all those kids were doing now. I rarely saw the same ones on my last trips here. I wondered what they were doing now. Most of them should be graduating and going out on the world on their own. Jerry had been persistent that first time and several more of the times after that when I ran into him and his friends on this beach. He was a nice looking kid and got better looking as he got older but still too young for me. I was not in any position to have my reputation ruined messing around with younger guys. The last time I was camping the group showed up for the night and spent the night having a sexual orgy on the beach. Watching the activity got me more aroused than I had ever been but I never gave in to the lusting. I wanted to but I settled for just my fingers. I learned from those times to be more conservative in my choice of swimwear or bikinis. 

The parking lot only had a few cars when I arrived. It was still early and after I unpacked the car and got my equipment together in my pack, I started down the trail. The first part was the Pacific Coast Trail that was in good shape. It was knowing where one left it. That was when the work began. You had to know just where to leave the trail or you would miss the beach trail all together. I found the spot and left the main trail and quickly found the beach trail. It looked to be in fair shape. I had no difficulty following it and arrived at my destination on the bluff earlier than I thought I would. I had to do a little brush cutting but again it was not as bad as I expected. The beach seemed to be empty as near as I could tell. I made my way down to the beach and found no indication of anyone being there today or the last several days. No tracks in the sand, no nothing. Just an empty beach. Peace and quiet with just the sounds of the surf. Heaven found as far as I was concerned. I headed to the bench where I set up camp by putting up my small tent. It was a small camouflaged mosquito tent with fly and I quickly stripped down to my string bikini. I would have stripped down to nothing but it was still too early in the day. Someone could still show up. As long as I was on the beach where I could be seen, I would wear my bikini. However when I hid among the driftwood and rocks to sun, the bikini would come off. I loved the feeling of being nude, sunning myself and walking nude on the beach. Playing in the surf was even better nude. All of that would come later when I knew I was alone. 

I have been to nude beaches in Europe and Rio. There is nothing like them here in the States. There you can show off your body and no one would make a big deal about it. The beaches were covered with beautiful bodies. Here, men think you are nude because you want to fuck. If you told them to get lost, they would leer at you, and make crude comments. Not pleasant at all. My preferred dress at the beach is the classic bikini and variations of the string bikini with a wrap if I need it. My variations of the string is to shrink the front of the bikini while leaving the back alone. I don't like the back slipping into my crack. The other thing is to leave some things up to one's imagination. If you really want to show off those parts, go nude. 

I grabbed my beach towel and headed to where I could hide behind the drift wood and rocks while looking around at the beach and bluff. I saw no one. Working my way into the hidden sunny area I spread my towel and untied my biking top and bottom and lay back on my stomach to sun after putting on tanning lotion and sun screen. The day was warm and the roar of the serf lulled me into a light snooze. After a few minutes I awoke long enough to turn over onto my back. I reapplied lotion on my front, tweaking my nipples as I applied the lotion and then letting my hands linger across my tight flat stomach and mound. I hadn't shaved in several days and the golden patch was beginning to grow back. My hands went back to caress my flat stomach. 

I was thinking back to the time I had gotten pregnant. He had been an older married man with a disabled wife. I had seduced him on my many runs and had fallen in love with him. The pregnancy had been an unfortunate accident. The death of the baby's father and the miscarriage had been even worse. I lost them both, the father and the baby within weeks of each other. I didn't even get to feel or experience the swelling of my stomach. That had been the worst time of my life. My fingers started to go back to my mound and slip lower but I stopped and sighed. Not now I thought and lay back and again dozed off. 

I awaken when a cloud drifted across the sun and looked at my watch. It was getting late. I peeked over the driftwood and looked around the beach. It was empty. I jumped up grabbed my towel and bikini and climbed over the driftwood onto the beach where I could see the bluff and trail down to the beach. Still no one. Great, I thought aloud, it's getting a little late for beach goers and late hikers. I can get a run in down the beach and back. I had missed the run this morning and the gym this evening. I need a good hard run I told myself. I took pride in my slim tight body. There wasn't an ounce of fat anywhere on me. I folded my towel and placed my bikini within one of the folds, placed it on a log and began to run down the beach. I ran all out, for about 100 yards and then turned to the water and started running down the beach through the waves. It was cold but felt good. At one time I waded out and let the waves wash over me. 

Chilled, I left the waves and ran across the sand and further down the beach. It was a small cove so I didn't go far. I ran back to the log where my towel was and picked it up deciding to carry it up the beach where a small stream flowed down from the bluff. I was surprised to see that someone had placed a pipe in the stream so water would flow out about head high. It was cold but refreshing to rinse off in. This was great. I could rinse off the sand and the salt from my skin. As I rinsed, I thought I would go to camp and get a bar of soap and come back and scrub down. In fact I would do that right now. I left my towel and bikini there and went to my tent and ran back. I hated to go to bed with the greasy feeling of the sun screen. This was an opportunity to get clean. I hadn't had this opportunity before when camping here. I soaped up and rinsed off. It felt so good to be clean. I picked up my towel and bikini and walked back to my tent. There was a light fog coming in and I knew the air would cool down even more.

I fixed a small bite to eat never dressing, letting the cool air dry me off. I loved the feeling of being nude and spent a lot of time at home that way. I fixed my bed which consisted of a self-inflating pad and two very small light weight down comforters. I never used a sleeping bag anymore. They are just too constricting and hot. Very constricting if one had a guest. In a way I wished I had a guest tonight. I felt that need. I was tired though and even when I laid down and my fingers went there to settle that need, the sounds of the night and the roar of the serf quickly lulled me to sleep before the job was done. Sometime during the night, not fully awake, I pulled the comforter over me. 

My sleep was deep and I awoke the next morning with the sound of dripping moisture from the heavy fog that condensed on the trees and shrubs that was hanging over the tent. I was sexually aroused. I had been dreaming of a guy I met while hiking the Pacific Crest Trail the year before. I had relived the time in my dream. I had left the trail to find this small lake to camp and had finished setting up my camp and stripped nude to bathe and had walked out a short distance into the lake. The water was extremely cold and I was having second thoughts about wading out to swim when a voice behind me on the shore said, "I'll scrub your back if you scrub mine." 

Startled I jerked around almost falling. There behind me was this skinny unshaven guy that had snuck up behind me.

"Who in the hell are you," I blurted out. I didn't even try to cover up. There was no way I could. I just stood there looking at him wondering what he was going to do.

"Like I said, I'll scrub your back if you scrub mine." 

Standing there I watched him drop his pack and proceed to strip. There was nothing I could do. He was blocking the easiest path to the shore. I would have to wade out further to get around some boulders that were blocking any other access to the shore. If I did that I would lose sight of him and in this case I wanted to keep an eye on him. I was defenseless standing in the water on slippery stones that were covering the bottom. I would need to get to shore if I were to put up any sort of defense. I had a 38 special in my pack and would have to be careful if I needed to go for it. Otherwise I would have to depend upon my self-defense training. So I stood there and watched him strip. Damn I thought to myself as he removed his shirt and dropped his jeans. There was not an ounce of fat on his muscular frame. The bulge that was starting to strain his shorts was growing. I silently gasp when he removed them also and let his cock spring free. I watched as it throbbed and flexed and grew fully hard as he bent down to his pack and removed a disk. 

"Look," he said as he flipped the disk in his hands and it expanded into a collapsible bucket. "Look a bucket, I meant what I said. I would wash your back if you wash mine. We can use the bucket to carry water to shore where we can soap down and rinse." 

I was looking directly at his throbbing cock when I answered. "What about that? That's not any part of washing my back or even washing yours." It wasn't deflating at all. 

"Well, it's not going to go away whatever we do."

I knew that. I just didn't know what I was going to do about it. I hadn't had sex in several months and my god it looked nice. He was above average by far. I knew it would be very hard for me to resist. 

"No need to be afraid of me, it's not going to go away. It hasn't had a woman in months and seeing someone as beautiful as you, I doubt if it will ever get soft again." 

"Well you had better go and take care of it or I won't get out of the water. A cold swim will probably take care of it."

"Laughing, you're probably right," he said as he dashed by me and dove into the water. 

I felt the heat from him as he went by and resisted touching him. I wasn't sure about any of this. The cold water would have an effect for only so long. 

Laughing, he stood up. "Look, it shrunk already." 

I turned and looked. Indeed it had but I knew it wouldn't be for long. I headed for shore. He followed. He was shivering as he stood beside me, not reaching to touch me or anything. I hadn't had time to put on anything and was still nude, as I handed him my towel that I should have wrapped up in. He was shivering so bad that in the cold shrunken state his cock was in it was not growing. I wondered for how long. 

"You need to cover up, put something on or it won't be long until I get hard again."

I had already picked up the bucket. I knew what I was going to do. "No, I'm going to do just what you said, I'm going to wash your back and let you wash mine." I walked to the water and filled up the bucket and came back. He cock had already started to harden as he watched me. He had a bar of soap in his hand. I splashed some water on his back as he turned away from me handing me the soap as he did. I soaped his back down and scrubbed hard. I was standing beside him as he leaned over a large bolder. His cock looked harder still. I was aching to touch it. It was all I could do to resist. I was growing wet, I could feel the sexual excitement building within me. I stopped what I was doing and said, "You finish washing, I'll go for your rinse water." I had to walk away before my resistance broke down. I took a discreet look back to see him jacking off with his soapy hands. I didn't want that to happen so I quickly filled up the bucket and came back. I interrupted him before he completed the job and helped rinse him down. The cold water didn't do anything to lessen his hardness. 

"Go fill the bucket, it's my turn." I watched him walk to the water, fill the bucket and come back. I thought doing that would disrupt his sexual excitement but he seemed harder still. I wondered how that could be. It should have deflated a little at least. As I leaned over the bolder he splashed water onto my back and started washing with the bar of soap. His hands felt good, strong and calloused. The hands of a hard worker, a laborer. He was no wimpy office worker. He had started washing by standing beside me but he moved around and stood behind me standing between my legs. The excitement was peaking within me. My nipples were hardened little buttons, moisture was dripping from my swollen pussy. Just the feel of his hands rubbing up and down my sides, across my back and hips was bringing me close to an orgasm. He moved in closer, standing between my legs and touching them with his. I spread them a litter further apart and bent over more when I felt his cock slip between my legs and through the slippery moisture dripping from me. I groaned when I thought he was going to enter me. At that moment I wanted him to. He had to know that. 

He pulled back. "OK, I'm done, you finish up. I'll get more water."

He walked away to get more water leaving me sexually frustrated. My resistance had broken, he had to know that when he slid his cock through my moisture and felt the slipperiness of my swollen lips. He could have slipped in easily. There would have been no resistance. I was swollen fully open ready to receive him. He came back. My slimy moisture glistened from the head of his cock down his shaft. 

He handed me the bucket. "Here, rinse." He picked up the towel and was holding it as I rinsed. When I was done, he handed me the towel. 

"Here, dry off and go put something on." 

"Are you going to put something on too?" I said back. I couldn't understand how he could say that and still remain so hard. I was more frustrated than ever. I started to reach out and grasp his hardness but he turned away. I walked to my tent and put on a pair of bikini panties and a t-shirt. It barely covered me. Meanwhile, he had put on a pair of shorts. The bulge showed he was still aroused but not fully hard. He sat on one of the boulders. 

"I'm Sara, what do I call you?"

"Kevin." 

"Tell me about yourself. Who are you and what do you do? Where are you from?" I wanted to engage him, keep him interested in me. Now that I truly wanted him. I wanted his hard cock inside me. No one I knew ever resisted me that way. I never had trouble getting laid. I was never refused. How could a guy be so hard, have his cock slipping in my wetness and walk away without entering and fucking me. I wanted to know. I wanted to get him in a position where he would not be able to stop. He wasn't very talkative. He did say he was a wild land fire fighter during the summer and going to school during the winter. He was taking the year off due to a bad broken leg and broken ribs from a car accident and this hiking was to help build up his strength. They wouldn't let him fight fires this summer. He did keep looking at me with what I think was lust in his eyes. His bulge never went completely down. I knew I had to get him in the right place, to trap him so he could not stop. 
