 Thanks to all for your encouragement! Hope you enjoy this one, based on some real experiences. Responses welcome.

---

It was a Saturday, slow, hot and lazy as I rolled out of bed. Already it was in the 80’s, a sure sign of needing to get out of town, away from the valley heat. Mulling over the possibilities as I drank my mandatory cup of coffee, since I was alone this weekend I decided a trip to the coast was in order. I tossed a towel, a book, my sketchpad, some pencils and sunscreen in my backpack, slipped on my shorts, tanktop and flip-flops and headed out the door.

The road was clear as a shifted into fifth, taking the curves twenty miles an hour too fast. The wind felt good, hot but cooling as I neared the ocean. I stopped in an eye-blink of a town to pick up some water and a sub sandwich, flirting easily with the fifty year old buxom cashier. She was fifteen years older than me but I’ve never been one to let age be a barrier. Actually, I’d always held a small place in heart for older women, having experienced many of my first sexual joys as a teenager with an older woman who was all too eager to “train” a boy well. I smiled at the memory, paid for my purchase and winked at the cashier as I left.

Twenty minutes later I parked in the dusty lot of my favorite beach, only two other cars there before me. Grabbing my gear, I made the walk down the well worn path, past the rocks and brush to the sand. I could hear the waves crashing on the shore beckoning me forward and grinned like a kid. It had been much too long since my last trip here.

I set up in a sheltered area, some rocks marking out my own little spot, a little shade to help the sunscreen keep me from becoming a burning victim. I stripped quickly, happy to feel the breeze against my bare skin and stretched. The lotion was cool but felt good going on, nice and smooth. I paid special attention to my back, shoulders, nose and, of course, my freshly shaved cock and balls. Wouldn’t do to let them get burned, and the lotion felt luxurious on my skin.

I spotted a nude neighbor walking past as I was oiling up, checking me out discreetly. I had nothing to hide. At five feet ten inches, a hundred and eighty pounds of (mostly) toned body, I am very comfortable with being nude and having other people see me. In fact, I love it. I’ve been an exhibitionist for as long as I can recall. Not a flasher of unwilling victims, no. Just a guy who enjoys being seen nude, and if the people looking are also nude, so much the better.

I stretched out on my towel, enjoying the heat of the sun on my skin. Opening my book I read for a while, just allowing myself to relax. Occasionally I would hear more people arriving, setting up their own little spots. Sometimes another guy, sometimes a couple, sometimes a few girls together. It’s one of my favorite aspects of this beach, the variety of people that come out here. Sometimes whole families will come out but usually it’s an adult crowd, mostly in their 20’s through 40’s. Just people looking to get nude.

Sitting up, I realized that a couple had set up fairly close to me. They were a little older, in their forties and obviously they enjoyed going nude often. Not only did they lack tan-lines but their skins were bronzed and golden from sun worship, making me feel rather pale in return. The man was taller than me and slim, graying slightly, with a nice physique and, I was pleased to see, as shaved and smooth as myself. His wife was just as smooth and with her hourglass shape and long brunette hair, she was quite the head turner. They were laying quietly, enjoying the sun and the noise of the ocean.

I picked up my sketchpad and began to make some quick sketches of the lovely couple, enjoying their fluid lines and curves. I began to focus just on the woman as she was nearer to me, slightly blocking my view of her mate. She had such a sensuous form I was captivated. The way her full breasts curved, the slight rise of her belly, the delicious valley of her pussy, her sleek legs, she was a joy to draw. I became so enrapt in drawing her I barely noticed the man moving off and didn’t realize he was standing behind me until he cleared his throat.

“Nice drawing,” he said.

I turned and smiled up at him. “I hope you don’t mind,” I said. “She’s just got such a wonderful body I couldn’t help but draw her.”

“No, its cool,” he smiled, letting me know it really was okay. “Keep going.”

I looked back at her, catching her eyes as she rolled slightly, giving me a better view of her body. She smiled slightly and spread her legs a bit as she shifted. I began to sketch again, enjoying the shape of her hip and the curve into her bare pussy.

“How’s it look, Sam?” my model asked.

“He’s doing a good job, hon, especially with that bare pussy of yours,” he answered back.

I smiled, enjoying how open the couple was. Not to be outdone, I said, “Well a pussy that good looking deserves to have extra special attention paid to it.”

Sam chuckled, “You mean with the drawing or in other ways?”

I laughed, “Oh, in all ways!”

“Looks like he’s in favor of you being shaved, Tina,” Sam told her.

I raised my notebook to let them see that I was shaved as well. “I’ve always liked the smooth look myself.”

Tina looked at my cock and smiled sexily. “Oh that’s nice,” she said. “I think all men should shave their cocks. Sam keeps his shaved for me, don’t you honey?”

I looked over at Sam and saw that his cock was starting to get harder, growing thicker and standing away from his body. He thrust it towards me, saying, “As you can see, I love being shaved too.”

I put down my sketchpad and stood up. I offered my hand to Sam. “I’m Jay.”

“Nice to meet you, Jay. You come out to the beach often?”

“Not as often as I would like but whenever I can, I make my way out here.” I reached down to shake Tina’s upraised hand. “If you two are going to be here, I’ll be sure to get out here more often. The view is stunning.”

Tina smiled up at me and then lowered her eyes to my thickening cock. “I like the view too.”

I decided to see how far my new friends would go. Knowing we were fairly well sheltered from anyone except those who made a special effort to look over at us, I slid my hand down my stomach to my cock and gave it light stroke.

“Well you can do much more than look,” I said while my hand grasped my hardening cock.

I heard Sam move over towards me and I looked down to see his smooth cock getting thicker. Tina hadn’t moved except to squeeze her legs together a little. Her nipples were hard and her tongue was lightly licking her lips. I knew she wanted to get a closer look. I obliged her by moving closer, my cock inches from her gorgeous lips. I looked over at Sam, looking him in the eye. “You can both do more than look,” I said.

Tina moaned softly, making me look down at her. Her eyes were half-lidded and one hand was absently toying with a nipple. I took my cock in my hand and brought it to her mouth. My eight inches was almost fully hard now and I rubbed her lips with the head. I looked back at Sam and watched him slowly stroke his throbbing cock, staring in stunned but eager anticipation at my sudden forwardness.

Not being one to wait for others, I reached down and cupped Tina’s breast, pinching her nipple to make her moan. Her lips parted to make the sound and as they did I nudged my cock forward between them. Her eyes flew wide open and she stopped, not sure of what she should do. She glanced at Sam, not moving her lips. He said nothing but a soft groan escaped his lips. She watched him stroking his cock as I gently kneaded her full breasts.

“Suck it,” I told her. She looked up at me, not moving. I put a hand on her hair and gently pushed her down. “You want to,” I said. That was right thing to say as she immediately opened her mouth wide and started to slowly take my cock in her mouth. Sam groaned louder with passion. I slowly moved back, drawing Tina forward until she was on her knees, her mouth never letting go of my manhood.

She looked over at Sam, watching him stroke while she sucked me, more eagerly and passionately. She reached up and grabbed his cock in her hand, jacking him off as she began to bob her head up and down on my hard shaft. She brought him forward so he was standing next to me. Taking her mouth from me, she began to fist me while licking Sam’s cock. We all moaning with pleasure as she moved back and forth between us, sucking one then the other.

I told her to lay back on their huge towel while she was sucking Sam. She did so slowly, spreading her legs. I got on my knees and slid my tongue along her bare pussy. It was smooth and sweet and wet. I stuck my tongue deep inside to taste her fully, making her moan throatily around Sam’s thrusting cock. I flicked her clit with my tongue as I slid one, two fingers into her hot, tight cunt. Finger fucking her, my hand becoming soaked with her juices, I sucked her hard clit into my mouth. I felt her thighs shake and quiver as she began to cum. I lazily licked her pussy lips, lightly letting her come down from her orgasm before I stood up.

I took Sam’s place, guiding my cock into Tina’s mouth as I told him to go fuck her wet pussy. He obeyed instantly, sliding between her eager legs. He slid his seven inches into her juicy hole in one smooth stroke, making her gasp as I continued to fuck her mouth. Sam leaned down close, watching as Tina sucked me in, his eyes bright with lust. I could see in his eyes what he wanted.

I slid my cock from Tina’s mouth and offered it to Sam. He stared at it but didn’t move.

“Take it,” I whispered.

He stopped thrusting and looked at Tina, then at my cock. “I… I’ve never…” he stammered.

“But you want to,” I said.

He looked at Tina. “Baby?” he said.

She looked him in the eyes, wrapped her legs around his back, drawing his cock all the way inside her and whispered huskily, “Suck it.”

He opened his lips and I slid my cock into his mouth. Tina’s eyes opened wide and they both moaned as one as half my shaft became buried in his mouth.

“Ohmygod baby, suck his cock! Holy shit! You’re sucking it baby ohmygod oh fuck!” Tina moaned.

Sam began thrusting harder and harder into Tina’s pussy as he began sucking my cock in earnest, licking it and sucking it like he was born to do it. I smiled.

“Suck that cock, Sam. Suck it good. Mmmmm you suck as good as Tina, Sam. You must have wanted to be a cock-sucker for a long time. You like watching him suck cock Tina? You like me fucking his face with my big prick?”

Tina groaned, “Oh god yes, that’s so fucking hot! Suck him baby mmmm oh yeah fuck his mouth oh god let me suck it! I want to suck your cock too!”

I slipped out of his mouth and into hers. “Suck it you little slut, suck my cock. Mmmmm you both suck so good. You like having a cock in your mouth and one in your pussy at the same time, you little slut?”

Sam began pounding her pussy even harder, making Tina lose my cock from her mouth. “Oh god yes! Fuck me like a slut mmm fuck me baby!”

I told Sam to lay down and had Tina straddle him, raising up her sweet ass to my attention. I began licking her little asshole, and then down to his cock, licking his balls, tasting her juices on his shaft as he thrust inside her. I sucked his balls in my mouth as I began to finger her ass. They moaned as they kissed, tongues sliding together in the heat. I could feel the sweat on my body as I stroked my cock to keep it hard. I slid Sam’s cock out of Tina’s pussy and replaced it for one thrust of my own. Her juices on my cock, I eased the head to her asshole, guiding it inside.

Tina began shaking and moaning as I filled her ass. “Fuuuuuuck oh god you’re fucking my ass you’re splitting me oh fuuuck fill me up!”

I began pumping in and out of her ass while Sam continued fucking her pussy. Tina couldn’t move, just laid on Sam and moaned with ecstasy as we fucked her holes. Sam groaned that he wouldn’t be able to hold back much longer and I could feel myself getting ready to cum as well. We both pulled out and had Tina kneel before us. I began to stroke Sam’s cock and he stroked mine as Tina fingered her well-fucked pussy.

“I’m cummmmmminng!” Sam yelled, huge gobs of cumming squirting over Tina’s face, joined a moment later by my own lusty shots of cum. Again and again we splattered her eager face, mouth open trying to swallow what she could, until we were spent.

We leaned back, catching our breath. I looked over to my right and realized we had a small audience of one, a teenager who had just cum all over his hand. He saw me looking and, smiling, brought his hand to his mouth, licking up his cum. He stood and walked slowly away as I turned my attention back to Sam and Tina. They lay together, kissing lightly and smiling at each other.

I went back to my towel and drank some water. I brought it back to them and they drank their fill. We stood together and smiled at each other. I told them about the boy and they giggled at missing him, saying that next time he shouldn’t have been so shy. Laughing, we walked down the beach, across the sand and let the waves wash us clean.

The rest of the day was quiet. My new friends gave me their number and left about an hour later. I stayed until it was almost dusk and then packed up to go. As I stood at the top of the trail, staring back out at the sea and thinking of the day, I smiled to myself. I really need to make time to go to the beach more often.