 It dawned a glorious morning that Saturday during the Christmas holidays. By 9.30 the temperature was in the mid twenties and I was getting serious ideas about spending the day at the beach. The only problem was that I didn't own a swimsuit. However, necessity is the mother of invention and I did have a pair of boxer shorts with a button on the fly which, provided I was careful, would hide the necessary bits.

Towel, T-shirt and wearing the boxers off I went. It wasn't long before I was lying happily in the sand on my towel and acutely aware that apart from the flimsy boxers, I was naked and although they hid my genitals from sight, they did nothing to hide the bulge.

After a short while the beach began to become quite crowded with holiday makers, all looking for somewhere to sunbathe. A rather pretty girl in a very brief bikini came up next to where I was lying and asked if I minded if she lay next to me. As if I would! She spread her towel, sat down and produced a bottle of sun tan oil from her bag which she proceeded to rub on her legs and tummy. When she reached her bra line, she unclipped her top revealing a beautiful pair of firm, pert breasts topped with little pink nipples. My eyes popped at this unexpected display - in fact I couldn't help staring and she couldn't help noticing my gaze. I should mention that topless sunbathing is not uncommon at that beach but it is not usually done in such close proximity to strange men.

"Would you like to do this bit for me?" she asked with a smile. "It's hard to tell if I've missed a bit." Naturally, I was not about to refuse such an offer and I knelt beside her massaging the oil into those delightfully firm mounds, feeling her nipples hardening into my palms. To be sure, I massaged rather more than was necessary but judging from the contented sighs, she wasn't unhappy about that. Neither was my John Thomas who began to distort the front of my boxers alarmingly and this did not escape her notice either. Her eyes were fixed on the bulge. In an effort to minimise my embarrassment, I asked if she would like me to do her back. She obliged by rolling over onto her stomach bur continued to keep her eyes fixed on my crotch. As I worked my way down her back she eased her bikini bottom down inch by inch to reveal the top of a very nice bum. I spread the oil onto every inch of available skin, lingering with my fingers in the crease. She eased the pants down still further and I eased my fingers down still further. She let out a little gasp and her eyes told me that she was very well aware how I was affected!

When it came to her legs I started at her toes, massaging gradually upwards. Her legs were smooth and silky and as I moved higher she spread them apart to allow me access to the insides of her thighs. By the time I reached her crotch, I was in a fevered state of excitement and careless of the consequences I began rubbing her pussy through the thin fabric. Not only did she not complain; she pulled the elastic aside to give me the first touch of what was a very hot and moist pussy and I fondled unashamedly. I could not be totally sure but her pussy also seemed, like her legs, to be devoid of hair. I supposed that she might have shaved it the way my wife used to when she was looking for a good session of oral sex. As one hand investigated her sex, the other was caressing the cheeks of her bottom up the legs of her bikini.

She began, gently at first, to undulate her hips, pushing towards my questing fingers. Her breathing became harsher and her eyes were closed. Gradually, her thrusting became more urgent as my fingers penetrated the secret place that I could feel but not see. Her pelvis was lifting off the towel as she tried to force herself onto my hand. I had moved so that my body, leaning across her legs, blocked the view from the rest of the beach. In this position, I knew that my raging erection would be visible to her up the leg of my shorts but I didn't care.

She was panting heavily now, twitching her hips from side to side. Suddenly she gave a long, shuddering moan and raised her entire body onto her hands and knees, impaling herself onto my fingers with her full force. I could feel her cunt convulsing with spasm after spasm until her climax slowly subsided. As she lowered herself back onto her towel, she gave me a sleepy sort of smile and said, "That was fantastic!"

I sat back on my haunches, my engorged penis jutting sharply from the leg of my shorts. She pulled her pants back roughly into position as though to hide the source of my predicament. Then she said with a naughty twinkle in her eye,

"I think I should do you now." She rolled over and sat up, picking up the bottle of oil from where I had dropped it. I crawled over to my own towel and lay on my tummy, pleased now to hide the sight of my still distended manhood from the gaze of passers-by. 

Nor did the said manhood have cause to be any less distended as sensuous female fingers began massaging the warm oil into my back. She started from my neck and worked her way down, every so often playfully brushing her long blonde hair down my spine. When she reached my waistline, her hands deftly slid under the elastic and caressed the cheeks of my bum, probing deep into the crease as I had done, until she found my arsehole. Having found it, she began working a finger into it in a curious twirling motion.

"Do you like that?" she murmured. "I do when it's done for me." She was probing towards my prostate and I knew if she hit it I would cum instantly. I told her so. "Later, then," she promised and started on my legs. When she reached the top, I again discovered that nothing is sacred as she groped up the leg of my shorts for the hidden monster. It didn't take long. When she found it her fingers curled around the shaft while her other hand began massaging my balls. I was practically beside myself. Involuntarily I began pushing into her hand and she giggled. "Not so fast, you naughty boy. I want to feel you thrusting that into somewhere else. God, he's big though." She took her hand away.

It was time for the front. As I rolled over, I realized that my shorts bore a distinct resemblance to a circus tent. I hoped that no one else would notice but that seemed the least of the girl's concern. Rather than hide me with her body as I had done, she moved around behind my head, brushing her turgid nipples across my face as she rubbed my stomach. A couple of other girls, about 13 years old, sauntered by, saw what was happening and paused to gawp. One of them reached subconsciously for her crotch as she eyed the tent pole in my shorts and gave herself a few decidedly sexual rubs before her girlfriend pulled her away. I could imagine her masturbating frantically in bed that night.

On down now to my legs. She shuffled forward on her knees so that her thighs straddled my head and I could smell the hot lust between them. Her tits rubbed the upward pointing protrusion and I remained on the brink of disgracing myself.

Finally, I was considered adequately basted and she withdrew, allowing me to rearrange myself to regain some semblance of decency, at least as far as the other sunbathers were concerned. She pulled her towel over until it overlapped with mine and lay down on her side facing me.

"I'm Liana," she belatedly announced. A very apt name for the owner of her sinuous, willowy body. I introduced myself for what it was worth and waited to see what would happen next. Although my hard-on had lost some of it's urgency, it was by no means asleep.

"Let's talk about sex," she suggested, as though there were anything else we had in common to talk about. "What sort of sex do you like?"

"Oh I like virtually everything," I said, expansively. "Everything that is except those things that involve beating each other with whips and chains or mutilating each other's bodies."

"That's good. So do I. I especially like oral sex though."

"What? Giving or receiving?"

"Both. I love a good sixty-nine when a man licks the whole of my crotch from clit to arsehole and makes me cum over and over again. But I also love a big thick cock like yours pushing into my mouth - especially at the same time."

"That's good, we're agreed on that then. What about anal sex?" I thought I'd chance my arm seeing this chick seemed so broad minded.

"Oooh. That would hurt with a cock the size of yours. It'd be coming up my throat! I'd have to be very, very wet." Considering what I had felt earlier, I didn't think that would be a problem. Besides, there's always KY jelly. She was silent a moment. Then, somewhat shyly:

"Do you know something I would really, really like?"

"What's that?"

"After you've fucked me, I'd like to watch you piss. I'd like to spread my legs wide apart and have you piss all over my cunt and clit and my tits and everywhere. And do you know something else I'd like? I'd like to watch you wanking while I had sex with another girl." This sounded like fantasyland to me and I said so.

"It's true. It is my fantasy but I want my fantasies to come true. Will you help?" I had no strong aversion to either proposal so I agreed to help if I could. "What fantasies do you have?" she wanted to know.

"Oh I don't know. I guess to make love to two girls at once - especially if one of them was really young. And I guess I've got a pissing fantasy, a bit like you but in reverse." Her eyes gleamed. Then she told me.

"I've got a campervan in the car park and that's not all! I've also got an 18 year old cousin and we often play sex games together - especially when I'm feeling horny. You could wank while I screw her then I could wank while you screw her and then we could all screw each other!" This suggestion did nothing to keep John Thomas quiet and nor did the next one.

"And when we've all screwed each other we could all piss on each other until we're randy again!"

An invitation like that does not come my way very often - in fact, I've never had one like it before. Naturally, after the foreplay we had indulged in, it would have been impossible for me to refuse. We decided to get a little sunbathing and swimming in before going to collect Liana's cousin. In the meantime I had ample opportunity to feast my eyes on the lovely body next to me in anticipation of what was to come. Her firm, inviting tits, naked to the sun with their stiff pink nipples pointing skyward; her lithe, flat tummy; her protruding mons, wrapped in skin tight lycra bikini pants which showed more than just a hint of her crack. When she rolled over to cook her back, her invitingly rounded bum, firm and tight and just the right size; the slim curve of her waist; her shapely smooth legs. Her long blonde hair spread across her back. Not too tall, I decided, but not short and dumpy either. Just right. Even her face was pretty. Sensuous mouth and mischievous eyes with a little turned-up nose in between.

I wondered what her cousin looked like. For all I knew, she could be ugly as sin. Still, if she liked playing sex games at eighteen, chances were that she would turn out to be a right little dirty girl and I was looking forward to meeting her. We swam together when it got too hot, groping each other's crotches without reservation beneath the waves. The result was predictable. I ended up having to walk back up the beach with a battering ram in front of me, made all the more conspicuous by the wetness of the thin cotton which was never intended for the purpose to which I was putting it. Liana thought it was hilarious and so did many of the dozens of other people who noticed it.

We lay in the sun to dry off and chatted (as might be expected) about all things sexual. Although I had once been involved in a little wife swapping, neither of us had attended an orgy and both of us thought we would love to. I discovered that Liana's sexual expertise came, not so much from experience as I had imagined, but from a mind that had been obsessed with the topic since childhood and a fascination with the contents of everyone's pants including her own. Today's opportunity had been a godsend for her investigations and she had no intention of letting it slip through her fingers, so to speak. Apart from a couple of lesbian type experiments at boarding school and with her cousin, of course, most of her sexual satisfaction had been produced by herself. She lost her virginity to a neighbour to whom she had been exposing herself for months until he gave in and had had one fling with a boy who had ejaculated all over her best dress in the car after a date. She had attempted to seduce her step-father but apart from producing some spectacular erections, without success.

I told her of losing my virginity to a gang rape by a number of girls in my class and about some of the more interesting experiences I have had since. She was avid to hear more, especially about my wife's liking for two men at once and what she did with them. The concept of a cock sandwich made her eyes widen and I suspect she added another one to her list of fantasies.

As the sea breeze sprang up after lunch, Liana replaced her bikini bra and we made our way up through the sand hills to the car park. The sand hills are where most of the hanky-panky goes on at that beach and we spotted several couples making the beast with two backs including one foursome where the women were sixty-nining each other while the men rooted them from behind. Another fantasy for the collection. Liana seemed to be becoming more and more horny and I began to realize that the afternoon was likely to be quite demanding for one guy.

The campervan was only of medium size, in fact quite small inside with most of the space taken by a large double bed. One got the feeling that with more than two people in it, they would be forced into intimacy whether they wanted to be or not. A stove, a fridge stocked mainly with wine and beer, a sink bench and the one and only bed suggested that the thing had been fitted out as a passion wagon and Liana confirmed that she had bought it for just that reason in the pursuit of her fantasies.

The cousin, it emerged, was called Judy and she was currently home from university where she had been actively engaged in a comprehensive course in lesbian sex including the use of vibrators and dildos as well as other miscellaneous paraphernalia used for penetrating, stimulating and satisfying the contents of her panties. She apparently also held an advanced diploma in cunnilingus and wished to do post-graduate in fellatio and anything else that came up. It seemed that, as well as spreading her legs wide for a goodly number of older girls and a couple of tutors, she had also attempted to do the same for a number of the local boys who had failed to satisfy her because of their inexperience. The groundsman had seemed more hopeful but just as he was about to hide the sausage, they were caught and he was sacked. Liana told me all this as we drove through the suburbs to the home of the adolescent in question. The information did nothing to subdue my already fevered libido.

Liana left me to explore the contents of the van while she went inside to acquaint Judy with the plan and bring her to the party, so to speak. When they emerged, I was still clutching a large strap-on dildo I had found and I saw that my fears of Judy's ugliness had no foundation at all. She was simply a slightly smaller replica of Liana, dressed in a fully flared miniskirt and a halter top that made no secret of her attributes in the tit department. The skirt was of the flimsiest material and blew up in the breeze without restraint, revealing very abbreviated black lacy panties. She greeted me with a kiss, grinding her crotch into my bulge before taking the dildo from my hand and inserting it suggestively into her mouth. 

She sat on my lap in the front passenger seat as we drove off. I asked Liana where she planned on going but she replied only that it was to a place where we would not be disturbed. Half an hour later, we drove through a gate (to which Liana had the key to the lock) and down a long track to a lovely little woodland glade beside a stream. On the way, Judy told me:

"I want you to fuck me until I can't stand up. Then I want you to put your cock in my mouth and piss and make me drink it all. And then I am going to piss in your mouth and make you drink it all." No innocent abroad, this one!"

When we stopped, the girls wasted no time getting rid of my shorts, revealing my rapidly rising Willie to the full light of day. Similarly, Liana's bikini quickly joined my shorts on the ground. Sure enough, she had not the slightest trace of pubic hair on her mons or between her legs. She was as smooth as a child and her slit showed invitingly in the sunshine. 

Jointly, we began stripping Judy; first her halter top to display her nicely pointed tits with hard button nipples - not large but incredibly firm. Next the skirt whereupon she began parading around in the minuscule panties, thrusting her hips forward like a stripper then turning to display her tight little arse, pulling the panties into the crack then turning again as she pulled them tightly between her cunt lips, masturbating her clit with them. If my prick wasn't stiff before, it was now! She came over and stood in front of me.

"Pull my panties down," she demanded. I got down on my knees and obliged. As she stepped out of them, she thrust her pubes into my face and said, "suck my clit." She was as devoid of pubic hair as Liana but it was easy to forget how young she was as I applied my mouth to her slit and she ground her pelvis into my face. It was a moment before I realized that Liana wasn't being idle either. She had wedged her hand between Judy's legs from behind and had plunged her fingers into Judy's snatch and was deftly finger fucking her. The hot, steamy smell of the young girl's sex filled my nostrils, driving me wild. Then Liana's dripping fingers were in my mouth for me to suck the juices from them.

Judy turned and thrust her hand between Liana's legs and seconds later, they were both lying in the grass face to face, their fingers frantically working in and out of each other's cunts. The chorus of slurping sounds kept me interested and remembering Liana's wish, I grasped my swollen member and straddling the two writhing bodies, began jerking myself, showing the old man up to his best advantage. The shaft was so thick I could scarcely get my hand around it and the eye at the tip of the huge purple knob was stretched so far that it was dilated into a big, round 'O'.

"I want to see you cum," Liana gasped, her hips jerking against Judy's ramming fingers. "I want you to spurt your hot cum all over both of us." Whilst busy with each other, both girls had their eyes fixed on my almost bursting manhood. My legs were spread so far apart in order to stay astride of both of them, I suspected that my arsehole was visible to them too.

"Yes, squirt it in our mouths and over our tits," panted Judy. Their tits were mashing together, their engorged nipples grinding into each other's, their hips thrusting with their pleasure. The pent-up pressure of the last few hours had it's way and the thick sticky jism gushed into their open mouths, across their faces and oozed between their hardened tits. They both screamed in unison as they reached their own simultaneous orgasms.

"Lick me clean," panted Judy to Liana who was scooping my cum onto her finger and shovelling it into her mouth. Judy rolled onto her back and Liana knelt over her licking the cum from her tits and cheeks, swallowing each new mouthful with obvious relish. The sight of Liana's lovely bum raised in the air was too much for me to resist. Her hard, reddened clit protruded from her naked cunt lips and her arsehole and love tunnel were still gaping from the ministrations of Judy's fingers. I buried my face in her behind and did indeed lick her from clit to arsehole. Judy wriggled around between my legs until she was able to take my dangling prick into her mouth, sucking it quickly back to life. As it began to swell, she used one hand to retract the foreskin to it's limit whilst her probing pointed tongue inserted itself into the sensitive eye. Her other hand occupied itself penetrating my arse.
