 My name is John. I am thirty years old, unmarried and I live in London. I make a somewhat precarious living as an artist, earning just enough so as not to have to get what my friends laughingly refer to as a "proper job." The artist I most admire is Rubens, not so much for his skill and talent as for his choice of subject. Rubens loved to paint the sort of women that I love so much to admire.

Indeed I am almost obsessed by large women. More, I love women to be large, mature and hairy. That seems so blunt, Let us rather refer to them as generously endowed, bountiful and well experienced in the ways of the world. And if they also happen to be entirely natural with a full complement of body hair, then my happiness is complete.

Every year, in the summer, I put aside my paints, brushes and palette and take myself off to Germany for a holiday. A beautiful country it certainly is but, much more importantly, it has so many women of that type which arouses me so much. In short, I go on holiday to Germany to have sex with as many large mature women as I possibly can. I am not asking you to believe that I pick up and seduce that many women. I don't bother. I go directly to the Reeperbahn in Hamburg and patronise the establishments and individual ladies of that sex maniacs paradise. In short, I lick, suck, fuck and masturbate myself to a standstill in about a week to ten days. Perhaps in a future narration I will give you a blow by blow ( pun intended ) of my fuckathon but this time I have a different tale to tell.

This summer I went to Hamburg as usual and, after ten days of the most glorious sex was about ready to come home. Before doing so I decided to spend a few days doing what is almost the German national pastime - naturism. Germans love to take their clothes off and naturist resorts abound. They particularly like to disrobe at the beach and it was to a beach resort that I made my way, checking in to a small guesthouse very close to the naturist area.

At about mid morning of my first day there I packed various bits and pieces into a bag and made my way down to the strand. It was a hot, cloudless day but, unfortunately, there was a nasty wind blowing and it is well known that wind and sand, when mixed, can be most unpleasant. Consequently there were few people about as I trudged among the dunes, hoping to find a sheltered spot to enjoy the sun. I was almost ready to give up when I came upon the perfect place. It was a bowl shaped depression in the dunes, no more than twenty feet across and quite deep, deep enough to be almost perfectly still at the bottom.

I spread out my large bath towel on the sand and then stripped off all my clothes revelling in the sun on my naked body. My skin reflects my Englishness, being very fair and easily burned, so I covered every exposed inch with a liberal coating of sun protection cream. I confess that I spent quite a bit more time than necessary making sure that my member was protected but it did feel so good while I was doing it. I stopped when I felt myself beginning to engorge as I didn't feel that I was ready to face any passer by with an erection. I lay down on my back on the towel, propping my head up on a small pillow that I had brought with me. Finally I placed my hat over my face to shield it from the sun. My hat is made of straw and has a loosely woven crown with many small holes in it. It allows me to observe those around me without them being aware of my doing so.

I was just dropping off to sleep when I became aware of movement near me. I opened one just to see who or what had disturbed my beauty rest and then, suddenly, I was wide awake and alert observing every detail. There before, spreading out her large towel on the sand, was the most gorgeous woman. I estimated her to be about fifty years old, judging by the grey that was streaked through her brown hair and the slightly worn look to her face. She was wearing a loose fitting dress of some summer weight material which clung and released and seemed to flow all over the curves of her large voluptuous body. As she moved it outlined her parts, her breasts, thighs and buttocks and provided a backdrop for her meaty upper arms as she spread the towel.

She stood in the centre of her towel and whipped her dress over her head, causing my breath to catch in my throat as she did so. My eyes were drawn immediately to her large belly with three distinct rolls of fat, each more beautiful than the last. Her huge breasts rested on the top roll, contained in a bra that must have been engineered rather than sewn. I stared as she reached behind her back and undid the clasp and, bending forward, let it fall onto the towel and allowing her breasts to swing pendulously back and forth. They were glorious, two enormous bags of flesh, swinging away from her body. I think that she was allowing the air to circulate around them to dry the sweat. At the end of each breast was a perfect nipple, large and rubbery, like an organ stop, and surrounded by a dark brown areola almost two inches across.

I turned my attention to the area below her waist. Below her shelf like hips her buttocks were two enormous round globes, absolutely smooth and unblemished leading past the crease at the bottom to her thick thighs. I just knew by looking at them that they would be soft and silky smooth to the touch, and my heart skipped a beat just thinking of that. I would have expected someone like her to be wearing a sensible undergarment but she was wearing no such thing. What she had on was a g-string! She turned half toward me and I could see how it cupped her pudenda, and, as she turned back again there was no sign of the string at the back which must have been buried in her arse crack. And so it was. She bent forward again and pulled one cheek aside as far as she could and released the string with her other hand. As she did so I just caught a fleeting glimpse of the brown skin and the hair which extended almost all the way up the cleft in her buttocks. Then she did something which almost blew me away. She balled the g-string up in her hand and placed it over her nose. I could see her chest moving as she breathed in and out deeply, inhaling the scent of her own sex and her own arsehole!

She sat down on her towel, facing directly towards me. Then she removed a bottle of sun protection cream from her bag and began to apply it liberally all over her body. She rubbed it all over her arms and then moved to her upper body and to the bounty of her bosom, fondling, almost caressing each gorgeous tit as she did so. Each fold of her swollen belly received it's portion and then on to her thighs and down to her calves and feet. I was aware of this going on but my main attention was rivetted to her crotch, or what I could see of it between her half open legs. She had a thick bush of curly black pubic hair. It completely hid the cleft of her sex which I knew lay underneath and it extended upward almost to her navel! On each side of her crotch I could see that the hair extended for at least two inches down each thigh! She finished applying the cream and then she lay down. As she did so she lifted her arms up and placed them behind her head. What an incredible sight. In each armpit was a long tuft of silky smooth black hair, moist and decorated with tiny drops of sweat. I was almost afraid to breathe. I knew that I was becoming so aroused that if I were to touch myself I would become so hard and erect that she would certainly notice. I decided to close my eyes for a short while and gather my thoughts.

After a few minutes I began to hear a soft little grunting sound and I knew it was coming from the woman who lay naked only a few feet away from me. I opened my eyes to see that she had spread her legs much more and that she had the index finger of her right hand inserted into her cunt and she was slowly frigging herself. Her lips were spread, not wide but enough to let me see the pink wet inside, and her finger was going in and out, rubbing over her swollen clit as it did. My hand was on its way to my cock. I was going to start masturbating with her, when suddenly I became aware of another person in our little bowl in the dunes and I heard a male voice talking to her, addressing her as "Ilse" She did not even pause in her slow frigging, just greeted him as " Hans" and went right on.

The young man who walked up to her and sank to his knees next to her on the towel was beautiful, if a man may be said to be beautiful. He was about twenty years, blonde haired and had a lean lithe body. (I much later discovered that he was her son in law but for now knew only that they were acquainted) He bent down and kissed her on the lips, long and passionately, their tongues flashing in each of others mouths. She moaned softly and went on stimulating herself. He stood and stripped off his clothes in a flash. Nicely muscled with a washboard abdomen and a rapidly rising circumcised cock that looked like it would be about 8 inches long when it reached it's full extension, something which would happen at any moment. He knelt again and swung a leg over her head so that he was straddling her, then he pushed his cock down and placed the tip of it into her mouth. She grabbed it in her hand and gulped it in greedily, slurping and slobbering, moaning as she sucked him. He smiled and bent forward all he way until his face was buried into her fragrant cunt and he started to lick and suck at her pussy like an artist.

I lay and listened to the soft wet slurping sounds as he licked and sucked her cunt and her clit and the muffled moans from her as she slobbered all over his hard cock. It became too much for me just to watch and hear without doing anything. I grabbed my by now extremely erect cock in my hand and began a rhythmic stroking action, my hand gliding easily up and down on the sun cream covered shaft. My body shuddered each time my hand passed over the sensitive skin just underneath my swollen knobend. I must have given an involuntary gasp or moan because I caught sight of Hans raising his face from the sodden pussy he was eating and looking at me with a huge grin splitting his pussy juice and spittle covered face. He said something to me in German, which I didn't understand, and I replied, explaining that I was English. The smile on his face didn't falter as he said, "I think you would like to fuck, yes?"

I did not need a second invitation. I scrambled to my feet and quickly crossed the short space between us as he sat up, still leaving his cock deep in Ilse's mouth and making room for me to access her cunt. I dropped to my knees between her massive silky smooth thighs and gazed down at the heavenly sight before me. Her pubic hair was sopping with her juices and Hans' spittle and was smoothed back to reveal her gaping snatch, the pink lips and inner lips engorged with arousal and slippery with mucus. I placed my rock hard cock at the entrance to her cunt cavern and rammed it home almost brutally right up to the hilt. I was so inflamed by lust that I had no time for subtlety or foreplay, nor did I think any was necessary. She gave a loud grunt as I drove deep into her and I felt the smooth wet walls contract round my rod as she clenched her cunt muscles. Hans had the good sense to move to one side as I flopped forward, driven by the momentum of my lunge, onto her fat belly and huge breasts.

I came to rest with my face next to hers, only inches away from Hans' cock sliding in and out of her mouth. I began to fuck her slowly, very slowly, for I knew that if I picked up the pace at all I would surely spurt my seed, such was the level of sexual tension in me. As I lay there she lifted up her arm and my face slipped down and came to rest in her armpit. I felt the wetness of her sweat on my cheek and nose and I breathed deeply to inhale the glorious musky, acrid smell of her sweat glands. I did it once, twice and then stuck out my tongue and licked the juice of her pit.

I never stopped for a moment the slow purposeful deliberate movement of my hips driving my cock into her hot depths and withdrawing it a few inches only to ram it in again. I turned my head to look at her face and watched in fascination as she licked and sucked at the hard shaft that she held with her other hand. She would suck and lick and then squeeze until a drop of precum would just emerge from the hole in the tip. She would extend her tongue and take the precum with it and then savour it's taste before going back to licking and sucking the shaft, This was all accompanied by a "symphony of sex," the sounds of moans, groans and grunts from all three of us as we reached heights of arousal.

I don't know why it happened, it just did, I pushed Ilse's hand away from Hans' cock and grabbed it firmly in my own free hand. I pulled it out of her mouth and, leaning over, engulfed it in my own. Ilse gave a soft chuckle and Hans reacted with a violent shudder and a deep moan of satisfaction. I knew that if I sucked him more than just a little he would probably cum and I wasn't ready for going that far so I licked his knob a few more times and gave his shaft back to Ilse.

Looking down at Ilse I noticed that her face was all flushed and that the red glow extended to her upper chest. She was very close to cumming!! I realised that I was the one in control here, I could make all of us cum almost simultaneously. I could not hold out much longer in any case so I began to fuck her as hard and as fast as I could. It only took three more strokes. Her eyes rolled up in her head and she began to thrash about under me as she cried out loudly. My own release hit me like a truck and I rammed into her brutally and held my cock in her depths as I felt my fluid spurting into her womb. I cried out too and was wracked with shudders. In all of our thrashing about Hans' cock had slipped out of Ilse's mouth and she had taken her hand off it as well. I saw this and grabbed his cock just below the knob, at the most sensitive part. I jerked it, once, twice, three times and was rewarded by a loud cry from him and the sight of a stream of thick white cum pulsing out of the distended hole at the tip and spraying in ribbons all over Ilse's face. My own face was so close that some of it spattered on me. I did not mind at all, just watched in awe as her tongue came out and licked up all the sperm it could reach before her mouth briefly engulfed his cock once more and sucked out what remained.

I rolled over and lay on my back, close to my bountiful Venus while Hans did the same on the other side of her. I put my hat over my face again and, with the afterglow of aprés sex coursing through my body and the warm glow of the sun on my skin it was only moments before I drifted off to sleep. Some time must have passed before I awoke for, when I did, the sun was noticeably lower in the sky. Soft sounds and an awareness of movement close by had wakened me. I opened my eyes just enough to see through hooded lids and saw that Ilse had mounted Hans, who was lying on his back. I could not see whether or not she had impaled herself on his hard cock because of those magnificent rolls of fat hiding the two joined crotches but, judging by the sounds they were making and the looks on their faces, I guessed it was pretty certain that she had. I lay there watching them and they were totally unaware that I was doing so, deriving much voyeuristic enjoyment from the sight of their pleasure. Ilse was rocking back and forth; giving a little mew of pleasure on each stroke as her clitoris rubbed on his pubic bone. Her tits swayed gently and then hung down as she bent forward toward his face and dragged her nipples across his hairy chest. He grabbed one of her huge sacks with both hands and, opening his mouth as wide as he could, he stuffed as much of it as possible inside. He was not biting her but he was certainly sucking pretty vigorously while she was crying out but definitely not in pain! I had earlier suspected that she liked her sex more than a little vigorous and now I was certain. After a while he did the same to the other one and then she sat up once more and continued to rock back and forth on his rod. I don't know whether she spotted my eyelids fluttering or whether it was my indicator going up (which it was) but she gave a little giggle and said, "Welcome back English, why don't you come and stand in front of me there is something I want you to do."

I rose and stood astride the prone Hans bending my knees just a little bit to bring my cock level with Ilse's mouth. I was acutely aware that Hans would be looking right up my legs into my hairy crotch and my dangling balls. I briefly titillated him by dipping just a little lower and pulling my arse cheeks wide apart to allow him an unobstructed view of my brown ring. Ilse laughed out loud and poked me in the belly, "Behave English, I don't want him distracted, now bring your cock to me!"

She took my now very hard member in her hand and began to very gently lick it from top to bottom. It was covered in thick crusty dried cum from our earlier fuck. She was not sucking me to clean my cock but she was only licking me to make it all wet and slippery again. The realisation of what she really wanted hit me in almost the same moment as she took her mouth off my cock and looked me in the eye as she said, "Now English get round behind me and fuck my arsehole!"

I moved round behind her and sank to my knees on the towel as she leant forward and lay supine on Hans' chest. I leaned forward myself and pulled her huge buttocks as wide apart as I could. At the bottom was her dripping snatch with Han's cock buried as deep as it could go. Long strands of silky black hair extended all the way up her arse crack to the top. Underneath the hair I could see her tightly puckered rosebud anus. I buried my face in there and, with my nose right on the pucker, I breathed deeply in and out, inhaling the heady aroma of her fundament. I extended my tongue and, beginning at the very bottom, licked Hans' balls and the exposed part of his cock and then slowly and lovingly licked all the way up her anal crack, slurping slobbering and wetting her as I went. I paid particular to her tight bud flicking the tip of my tongue over it and feeling the incredible smooth soft texture of it. She liked it too, I could tell by the way she gasped as I did it.

The moment of truth arrived, I placed the engorged glans of my member hard against the tight ring. There was no easy way to do this so I just jerked my hips hard and my knobend popped in past her anal sphincter. She cried out just once and bit Hans on the shoulder and then she relaxed as I slowly entered her. I could feel every millimetre of Hans' cock through the thin wall of skin, which separated his from mine, until I was fully in, my cock encased in her arse channel.

We began to fuck, very very slowly, first he would withdraw just a few inches and sink in again to the hilt and then I would do the same, The feeling was incredibly intense for all three of us and I knew it would not be long before we came. I was right, Hans was the first to go. I felt his legs stiffen next to mine as he drove in just a little more forcefully and then held himself as deep inside her as he could get while the cum flowed out, pouring onto her cervix. Ilse came next, shuddering and whimpering, her arsehole clamping my cock while the spasms of orgasm gripped her body. After that how could I hold out? It was like a mini floodgate opening, the semen just poured from me, pulsing into Ilse, deep in her bowels. I was in a state of total bliss.

DP is incredibly erotic but it is not comfortable, so it was only a matter of minutes before I withdrew from Ilse's arse. I pulled my now semi-flaccid member out. It was all coated with discoloured cum. I marvelled at how the pucker slowly closed up after I was out. I flopped down on the towel beside Hans and just lay there, completely sated. Ilse stood up and, turning her back to me, straddled me. She leaned forward a bit and squatted right down. Then she pulled her cheeks apart with both hands so that I could see her arsehole just pulling a little open. As I watched I could see a few drops of brown stained cum dripping out and I could feel them landing on my belly. I was just raising my head forward to peer at this sight when she suddenly let go with the most tremendous fart! I recoiled, startled, as a wave of aroma washed over me and my belly was spattered with a spray of fine droplets of brown cum. Ilse began to laugh so hard that I thought she was going to split her sides. Every ounce of her body jiggled and shook. She turned round to face me as she laughed and I just hoped and prayed that she didn't lose her balance and fall on me. It was truly awesome.
