 "Ladies and gentlemen, we are beginning our descent into Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport. Please put your seatbelts on and return your tray to their upright positions. Thank you for flying with Delta Airlines." I got excited. I was flying into Atlanta to watch the Celebration Bowl between the Southwestern Athletic Conference champion Grambling Tigers, and my Alma Mater, the Mideastern Athletic Conference champion Howard Bison. Going to the game would be fun, but it was the after game activities that would be the best part of the trip.

Let me introduce myself. I am the BBWbeauty. I'm in my mid forties and I work as a lawyer in Washington, DC, where I've lived all my life. I'm quite happily married to my wonderful husband Mike. He is my rock. I'd be lost without him. Together, Mike and I have thirteen children. That's right, thirteen, as in one three, the number after twelve. You'll hear more about them in later episodes. I don't have any grandchildren yet. Maybe one day.

I know everyone reading this wants to know what I look like, so I will tell you. I am five feet, four inches tall. Mike describes my height as "fun sized". I weigh a curvaceous and voluptuous three hundred and twenty-five pounds. If you have a problem with that, you can pick which one of my fat ass cheeks you can kiss. I am a natural redhead, a part of my Irish-Scot roots. I'm currently wearing my hair in a 'do that was inspired by Peggy from King of the Hill. I have a round face, the typical round face that fat girls have. My age can be somewhat seen with the lines on my face. 

Thankfully, I don't worry too much, meaning I don't have wrinkles or crow's feet, so I look younger than I really am. My eyes are the same shade of blue used by the University of Kentucky. I have the stereotypical rosy cheeks that fat people are said to have. My naturally pink lips are usually covered in ruby red lipstick. I do have double chins. Okay, I'm not being honest with you. It's more like a quadruple chin. I have a big, flabby belly with love handles and fat rolls on both sides. 

My fat rolls go down to my huge, dimpled ass, which is shaped like a ripe pumpkin. I have huge thighs, that shake when I walk, like an earthquake. I have fat, solid calves that go down to my beautiful cankles. My finger and toenails are usually painted bright fire engine red. I may be big, but I know how to take care of myself.

Even though I am a big girl all over, the biggest thing on me are my tits. I received my first bra when I was nine. It was a 38D. They continued to grow after that. By the time I graduated from junior high, I was a 44DDD. At high school graduation, I was a 46H. When finished law school, I was a 46I. And with my subsequent pregnancies, I have grown to a 48M. 

All through school, my classmates referred to me as "Titties McGee". That used to piss me off, until I decided to embrace who I am. My boobs are usually the first thing people notice about me. Mike calls them the tenth and eleventh wonders of the world. All you WWE fans should get that joke. Each one of my tits is the size of an overly ripe watermelon. Adding to that look is my Irish-Scot heritage, which makes my skin so pale, you can see the veins running through my breasts. I have big bright pink areolas and nipples, which comes from breastfeeding thirteen children. 

And my nipples are SENSITIVE! They are so sensitive that I can cum just from a man sucking on them. And I love to show off my tits whenever I can. I usually don't button up my blouses all the way. And I love halter and tube tops. I prefer to wear dresses with V necks. When I can get away with going braless, I do. I like to joke with people that BBW actually stands for "Big Breasted Woman". My big tits are a part of who I am, and I accept that, and embrace it.

Now, you've probably figured out by now that I love to fuck. And yes, that is true. But there is only one type person that I fuck. Black men. I am a slut for big, black cock. My first sexual partner was my junior high softball coach, who was white. Like all white men, he had a tiny cock that barely got hard. When I got to high school, I met Mike, who was two grades ahead of me. 

The first time he whipped out his ten-and-a-half-inch pussy pleaser, something inside of me that I didn't even know existed was awoken in me. I became addicted to black cock, and it became the driving force in my life. I soon realized that I would fuck any black cock I came across, and the bigger it was, the better. I took them individually, two at a time, three at a time, and got gangbanged several times. And I loved every minute of it. Now, I know what you're thinking. If you fuck any BBC you get your hands on, how can you be sure all of your kids are Mike's? Well, I'll be honest with you; all of my kids probably aren't Mike's. But he doesn't care, and neither do I. This is our family, and we aren't gonna change our lifestyle for anyone. So, save your judgement for church, and leave us the hell alone.

The plane landed. I unbuckled my seatbelt, grabbed my carry on, and got off the plane. In the airport, a flight attendant welcomed me to Atlanta, and wish me a good stay in the city. Oh, if she had only known...

After I checked into my hotel room, I took a shower to get ready for the game. When I was done bathing, I dressed in a lacy red bra and thong, with matching garter belt attached to white thigh high stockings. Over that, I wore a black dress with a very plunging neckline that showed off a generous amount of cleavage. I wore some black strap around heels on my feet. I sprayed my favorite perfume on my tits, and I was ready to go to the game.

The game turned out to be one of the best football games I'd ever seen in my life. Grambling led 17-0 at halftime, but Howard scored three touchdowns in the second half to win the game, 21-17. I was jumping up and down and screaming the whole time. I don't think the women around me were fans of that, but their husbands and boyfriends didn't seem to mind. After the game was over, I waited until everyone had cleared out of the stadium, then made my way to the locker room area. I then entered the locker room. The players were still in their uniforms, celebrating their championship victory. They were caught up in their bliss when the quarterback noticed me. He was sexy as all get out. 

He stood six foot four and was a muscular two hundred and twenty pounds. He kept his black hair short, and his dark brown eyes looked at me the way a dog looks at a piece of raw meat. He had medium brown skin the color of creamed coffee. There was a noticeable bulge in his pants. I licked my lips as I stared at that.

"Who the fuck are you?" he asked me.

"I am the BBWbeauty." I said. "And, I'm here to help you guys celebrate your championship."

"How you gonna do that?"

"By sucking and fucking the whole team." I said.

He smiled at the sound of that. "Well, let's see what you got. Starting with those big ass titties."

I smiled as I reached behind my back and pulled down the zipper to my dress. I let my dress fall off my shoulders and down my arms. I unhooked my bra, and let it fall to the floor. There was a chorus of damns and holy shits as the room took in my massive breasts. That didn't surprise me. I don't think there were many girls walking around Howard's campus who had breasts as big as mine. Being the focal point of attention for a room full of horny college kids made my pussy get damp with excitement. My body heat went straight to my nipples, making them turgid, and eager for a man's touch. 

The quarterback made a signal, and the halfback and fullback came over, and took flanking positions beside me. The two running backs motioned for me to get on my knees, which I hurriedly did. Each man took one of my nipples in their large hands and began to tweak them. I moaned as I enjoyed their touch, their attentions making my pussy get wet. The backfield tandem played with my nipples until I got wetter and wetter, and I could feel an orgasm coming on. The fullback licked his thumb and index fingers and tuned my nipple like it was the dial on a radio. Instead of searching for a station, he was searching for my climax. A few seconds later, he found it. 

My orgasm hit me like a right hook, sending waves of pleasure through my body. I started breathing heavy. The halfback looked at the quarterback, who nodded. He and the fullback then pulled down their pants, revealing their gigantic schlongs. The halfback's dick was about nine inches long, where the fullback was a little bigger at eleven inches long. Both men's cocks were thick and meaty. They were both circumcised, and had big, purple mushroom shaped cockheads. Their balls were the size of extra-large eggs. They were perfect for sucking.

The fullback must have been reading my mind, because the first thing he said to me was, "suck them, bitch". Being the good black cock slut I was, I grabbed both cocks in each hand, and began to suck them. First, I sucked each cockhead until they were shiny with my spit. I then took each cock into my mouth and sucked them. I've given enough blowjobs in my day to know not to use teeth. I licked and sucked each running back's balls and licked the entire length of their huge shafts. Both of the backs moaned as I sucked their dicks; I guess they weren't expecting my head game to be on point like this. When I had the halfback's cock in my mouth, he had his hand on the back of my head to guide me on his dick.

The fullback moved his hips back and forth, like he was fucking my mouth. I stepped up my game. I took turns deepthroating both cocks. All nine inches of halfback, and eleven inches of fullback. All the way to the hilt. Both of their cockheads damn near touched my tonsils. This proved too much for the fullback, and he busted his nut. Right in my mouth.

He had a big load of baby batter for me, too, and so much of his dick was in my mouth that it went right down my throat. The halfback had a better plan. He came all over my face. A nice facial that got me really going. I was ready for more big, black cock. Thankfully, there was a locker room full of football players to provide me with it.

Next, the split end, flanker and tight end came up to me. The split end was the smallest of the three, at five foot nine and one hundred sixty pounds. From my kneeing position, he pushed me on my hands and knees. He then knelt behind me and pulled my lacy thong down to around my thighs. It was dripping wet from me blowing the two backs. He stuck two slender fingers into my hairy pussy. It was soaked! Sucking big dicks turns me on so much! 

It's my favorite form of foreplay. Without saying a word, he shoved his dick into my pussy. His cock was extremely long, like a foot long, but it was really skinny. I knew exactly why he had just shoved his dick in my pussy. After sliding the full length of his cock in my wet pussy for about ten good pumps, he pulled it out. The flanker and tight end then pulled their pants down. The flanker had a standard black cock, nine and a half inches long, thick as a Lysol can. The tight is was only about eight inches long, but man was he THICK! 

It was as big around as a full roll of toilet paper! The tight end laid on the ground and motioned me to sit on his dick. I happily complied. As soon as his mega cock entered my pussy, I came so fucking hard! That big dick stretched my pussy out to the limit, but thankfully, my pussy was wet enough to let it slide through. I bounced up and down, that thick cock massaging my pussy walls while simultaneously filling it up. The tight end brought me close to him, and then wrapped his massive arms around me. I could feel my ass cheeks being spread apart. I knew what was coming next. 

The split end's dick entered my ass. A second orgasm ripped through me as his perfect ass teaser went in and out of me. The flanker waved his big dick in front of my face. I took his cock into my mouth and began to suck it. I had three big, black cocks in all three of my holes, and I was loving every minute of it! The split end grunted as he pounded my ass, getting more and more aggressive with every stroke. I was riding the tight end, his big thick cock filling up every inch of my sopping wet pussy. While all of this was going on, I was sucking the flanker's cock, making sure to breathe through my nose so that more of his big dick could fit into my mouth. 

Orgasm after orgasm tore through my body, the waves of pleasure taking me to a heightened state of Nirvana. The split end let out a sharp grunt as he filled my ass full of cum. He pulled his cock out of my ass, and the cum leaked slowly leaked out. The flanker began to give short, shallow breaths, and I knew what was about to happen next. His eyes rolled in the back of his head as he dumped his load down my throat. I gulped down every drop of his baby batter. It was so yummy! He pulled his dick out of my mouth, and I kissed the head in appreciation of him letting me suck it. 

Then, the tight end squeezed my body to his, and started upwardly thrusting his meaty cock into me. He growled like a lion as he came, his throbbing member shooting hot jets of cum into my wet pussy. He pushed me off him, got up, and left.

At this point, I was in full on slut mode. I'd already sucked and fuck five big, black dicks, and I wanted more. "Who's next?" I playfully asked. The team was more than happy to oblige me. The entire offensive line approached me. They were BIG! Over fifteen hundred pounds of solid muscle, and over sixty inches of fat, black schlong. I'm not fucking with you. 

All five of these guys had dicks that were at least a foot long, and as thick as a can of soda. All five of them had hardons that looked like they could cut diamonds. I motioned for the five of them to come over to me. The right tackle went into my pussy, and the right guard went into my ass. Despite their size, the both slid in easily, due to the two big loads of cum that were already in those holes. The center put his dick in my mouth, while the left tackle and left guard had me stroke them off. I was being used like a total slut, and I loved every minute of it! I had so many orgasms, that I lost count.

The offensive line would rotate where they had their dicks. But no matter where they went, I always had a dick in my pussy, mouth, ass and both hands. They pounded me into submission. When they had me right where they wanted me, they pulled out of my holes, and set me back on my knees. They told me to open wide and smile, which I did. The five men then emptied their ball sacks all over me. There was cum everywhere! It was in my hair, on my face, and all over my tits.

My entire top half was completely coated in baby batter. I felt like such a dirty fucking slut! I kissed the cockheads of the offensive line, my way of saying thank you for fucking the shit out of me.

Then, the quarterback walked up to me. "You are one hot bitch", he said.

"Thanks." I said. "I'm a slut for big, black cock."

"Good. Now, it's time for you to fuck the star quarterback." With that, he pulled out his cock. Holy, shit, it was the biggest one yet! It must have been thirteen and a half inches long, and thick and meaty. His was the only one that wasn't circumcised. The foreskin barely contained the big, purple mushroom shaped head. His balls were the size of oranges. I was so ready to get fucked by that monster. I grabbed it with my hand, gently peeled the foreskin back, and began sucking the giant head. 

Within seconds, he was rock hard. I stuck my tongue out so that my mouth would be more accommodating to his large member. He forced half his dick into my mouth and started facefucking me. I was determined to deepthroat the entire thing. His hand found the back of my head, and he forced more of his cock down my throat. Tears ran down my cheeks, ruining my makeup. I was gagging and choking on his dick, which only motivated him more to shove the entire thing in my mouth. Finally, he got the whole thing in my mouth. 

I could barely breathe, but I wasn't about to quit now. I had a reputation to uphold! He yanked his dick out of my mouth, and audible pop being heard. I put my hand on my chest as I caught my breath. My cheeks were all puffy. I looked up at the quarterback, desire in my eyes. I wanted more.

"Damn, you're the only bitch who's ever took my whole dick in your mouth." the quarterback said, slightly impressed.

"Like I said, I love big, black cock." I told him.

He smiled as he stood me up and bent me over. My thong was around my knees, and my pussy was ready for him. He shoved his anaconda cock right in there. My pussy was pretty well lubed up from its own juices and black cum, so he slid in there with no problem. He thrust in and out of my pussy, his massive dong stretching to new heights. It seemed with every thrust, I was having a powerful orgasm. The football players cheered the quarterback on as he destroyed my pussy, with my screams of ecstasy joining in to the chorus of right ons and fuck that bitchs. My gigantic ass was shaking as his rock-hard hip smashed into it. 

I could feel his big dick all the way into my stomach. Suddenly, he let out a guttural roar, and his cock exploded in my pussy. He filled me up with so much cum, it was leaking out of my pussy like a faucet. He pulled his dick out and took a deep breath.

"Damn, bitch, you are one hot piece of ass." he said to me. "We gotta do this again."

"Well, if you boys win the Celebration Bowl next year, I'll come back and fuck the defense!" I said, meaning every word of it. 

THE END