 Bill and I have been golfing for years. One of the things I have enjoyed is getting his slant on current events, since he is more than a dozen years younger than I am and, shudder, a democrat. Yeah, I'm one of those, a Midwestern, gun toting, bible thumping conservative. Well, maybe not quite bible thumping, but otherwise I fit that stereotypical conservative type. Bill on the other hand is a true liberal. During the last election he would argue to defend any liberal position, even those that I just flat made up. It was sometimes fun to watch him make up facts to support something that I told him Obama said, even if he never really said it.

Now that we are pushing toward another election cycle, I can't help but needle him some. But we do talk seriously about any number of current events. The other day was the transgender bathroom issue. We obviously both stand on different sides, my side being that women are wired to be more private and some would find it extremely difficult or even threatening to have to undress in front of someone with guy parts, even if he is or pretends to be a woman. This is most particularly true with younger girls, like junior or high school aged girls, as recent events have shown. On his side, he has dutifully argued the rights of a few gender confused individuals should trump the rights of everyone else.

Clearly he isn't thinking about how his wife might feel having to undress in front of a man. He argues since it wouldn't matter to him if a woman walked into the dressing room while he was changing, that it shouldn't matter to anyone else. I know that without a doubt my ex-wife and daughters would vehemently disagree with that, but then with Bill I found I had to frequently demonstrate the absurdity of his argument before he would finally agree that he was not quite as right as he thought he was.

I'd met Bill's wife several dozen times over the years, and found her to be a quiet, considerate, and thoughtful person. She had the looks of a trophy wife and the brains of a scientist, which is what she was. If she were around while Bill and I were discussing some topics, I could see on her face that she wouldn't agree, but also wouldn't verbally disagree with him in public. I guess I understand that, she has to live with him, I don't.

His arguments on the transgender bathroom issue seriously bothered me. Here was someone intelligent who just didn't seem to grasp the magnitude of his own argument. Finally, half way through the week, it occurred to me just how to demonstrate to him the absurdity of the situation.

I called his wife, inviting them to a bar-b-que on Saturday after he and I went golfing, and told her to bring her suit along because we could enjoy the pool after dinner. With her acknowledgment in hand it was time to make another strategic invitation.

"Hey Amy. How are you this morning?" I asked as I walked into the front office and stopped at the counter where the receptionist sat. Amy is a good looking forty year old divorcee that enjoys sharing a bit of flirting, presumably in the hopes that I would someday relent and actually follow through on some of my less publicly acceptable suggestions. I'd only known her a year or so, but she had made it clear early on that she didn't mind the compliments I made to her looks. For some reason those compliments had degraded into more serious flirting as long as there wasn't anyone else around. We'd talked enough that I had a pretty good idea that she'd take me up on the offer I was about to extend, and that she could probably come up with what else I needed to make this work.

"Eric! How's my hot hunk doing today?"

"Better now that the semester is over. Grades are done and in, so things are looking better."

"Sounds good. I can tell by the way you're leaning on the counter that you either have something to ask me or you're hoping to get a glimpse down my top again."

I looked around to make sure no one else was in earshot before answering. "I wouldn't at all mind looking down your shirt, but it's clearly not designed to show off much. I have a hunch though that you have a bikini that would show a whole lot more."

"Ohhh? In fact, I have several. Are you finally going to invite me over for a swim in that pool of yours? I don't really need a swim suit for that you know."

"Oh. I know. No. I don't think this is quite that kind of invite though. I've been chatting with my golf buddy about the transgender bathroom thing. And he insists that it's not really that big of a deal."

"And you want me to come tie him to a tree and flog him for you?" she said with a frown.

"Oh. No, I want to demonstrate to him that he's wrong. Do you think you could find a young lady or two to come to a bar-b-que Saturday? All they have to do is come eat, sit around or play in the pool, and be attentive when Bill changes into his swim suit. You see, I'm not going to let him use the bathroom, since he thinks it's no big deal to have strange women walk into the locker room while he's changing."

"Ohhhhh you are bad."

"His wife may not be as appreciative. I rather expect that he will object to her having to do the same in front of me."

"Oh lord you are bad. Yeah. I think I can find a friend or two who wouldn't mind eating your food and playing in your pool. For a price of course."

"A price?"

"Uh huh. Just a little something for my trouble."

"Ahhh. I see. And this price would be?" I asked, as if I didn't already know what she was going to suggest.

"You have to change too."

"Uh huh. Why did I know you were going to ask that?"

"Because I've been hinting that I'd like to see you naked for the last six months. You think I'm going to pass up a chance like this?"

"And if I'm bashful and don't want to get undressed in front of several strange women?"

"Well, I don't HAVE to bring along friends."

"That would kind of defeat the purpose, now wouldn't it?"

"True. But then when his wife has to take her clothes off in front of you it may all be a moot point, right?"

"I think he'll have a hard time with that. He'll have to either convince her to or admit that his argument is full of holes. I don't expect him to admit that his argument is wrong unless he's forced too. I think Tina may push him into a corner on this one. If that's the case, I won't be doing any undressing, at least not in public. The bathroom for changing will be back in service if he admits he's got it wrong."

"That'd be a shame. But if that happens, maybe after everyone else leaves just the two of us can take a little skinny dip in that pool?"

"Amy. Didn't we already talk about why I haven't asked you out?"

"Let's see. I'm too young for you, you're too old for me, workplace romances are bad news and you have a reputation to protect. Did I forget any?"

"No, I think that covers it."

"I'm NOT too young for you, you're NOT too old for me, workplace romances are fine as long as you agree to certain rules, and trust me, I can keep a secret!"

"Yeah, well."

"You want my help?"

"I do."

"Then pay my price," she said with a devilish little grin. "It's all up to you and how badly you want to make this argument."

"I'm not entirely sure I'm comfortable undressing in front of your friends," I said with a frown and a furrowed brow.

"Well, if you want to do it in private..." she said with that same devilish grin, leaving it hanging as if there were more to say.

"Uh huh. And end up with my privates in all kinds of places they don't belong?"

"I didn't say you had to put your privates anyplace. Of course, there's always the chance that my bikini might just happen to fall off while you're naked and then who knows what'd happen."

"You'd like that wouldn't you?"

Her smile disappeared and her face turned serious. "Eric. All joking aside. It's up to you how far anything goes. I'm game either way. I'll help you even if you don't, but trust me, I wouldn't mind one bit if things went a whole lot farther than our teasing here."

"I'll think about it," I answered, equally serious, my hormones wanting to tell her hell yes, but my brain screaming that this was like doing a hundred-yard dash through a mine field. "Four o'clock Saturday. You know where I live?"

"Trust me, I can find it," she said, her smile returning. 

"And the idea is to look hot enough to give him a hardon so he's even more embarrassed if or when he changes. Not that it'd be a problem for you by the way."

"Trust me. With who I have in mind to bring, he'll be creaming his shorts before he even gets his belt off!" she said with a wink. "Maybe you will too. And I have a really itty bitty bikini I can wear. Then you can really get a look as these babies," she said as she lifted her hands to her chest and hefted her large round breasts.

I smiled back. "Looking forward to it," I said quietly before turning and walking out of the office. I hoped the hardon in my pants wasn't as noticeable as it felt at that moment.

Amy was a very good looking woman. All the right curves in all the right places. Her chest was large, easily a thirty eight double D, which she kept constrained at work with a seriously heavy duty bra. The thought of her in a bikini was the reason for my currently hard shaft. Getting undressed in front of her and a couple of friends would be seriously hard for me, especially if I was this hard when the time came. Oh well. It won't get that far. No way that Bill's going to let his wife undress in front of me anyway. 

On Friday I found a little note in my mailbox. Unsigned, in a plain white envelope with no markings. I carried it back to my office and opened it, pulling out a single slip of paper.

Just wanted to let you know I came up with the perfect person to come help me with that little problem you asked about. She's got almost the same price as I do. She insists that that nice big package in your slacks is hard when you change and that you don't try to hide it. I told her I was sure that wouldn't be a problem. Can't wait to SEE you this weekend!"

"Oh good lord," I groaned out loud. "I'm beginning to think that I should have thought this out a bit more first," I mumbled as I realized that I had effectively opened the flood gates with Amy.

******

It was almost exactly four on Saturday when the doorbell rang. I had stepped out of the shower after a full day of golf with Bill and had to run to the insistently ringing doorbell holding a towel around my waist. "Just a second!" I called through the door as I tried to unlock the door with only one hand, finally getting the deadbolt and knob both unlocked and the door open. "ohmygod," I mumbled as I stood and stared at Amy. 

Everything I had ever seen her in was conservative professional dress. Skirts, nice tops and blouses, her hair always up in some kind of bun or knot on the back of her head. This was definitely Amy, but an Amy I'd never seen before. Her curves were hugged by a tight red halter top dress that was slinky enough that I could see her nipples poking the thin red material out. She smiled and reached for the screen door, her tits wiggling and swinging slightly inside the top of the dress as she pulled the door open. Her hair hung over one shoulder and party way down her front, reaching almost half way down to one of her clearly obvious nipples.

"So going to invite us in? Or are you going to just stand there and undress me with your eyes? If we come in you can undress me for real you know."

"Oh. Uh. Yeah," I answered, stepping back to allow her to step in through the front door. As she stepped in I finally noticed the young woman behind her. I'd have guessed that she was maybe thirty at most, maybe even a bit younger. She wore a black micro skirt, a black crop top that didn't quite come down far enough to cover all of her obviously unconstrained breasts, and four-inch spike heels. Her top pushed out over tits that were easily as big as Amy's but rounder and firmer. 

"This is a friend of mine, Jennifer," Amy said as she paused in the middle of the living room and turning to look back at me.

"Uh. Hi," I answered a bit stupidly, holding a hand out to her.

"Hello Eric," she said in a deep sultry voice, stepping past my hand until her satin covered tits nearly touched my chest. I felt her fingers reach out for my shoulder and slowly stroke down my body, running down my still wet chest, across my stomach and then hooking into the towel wrapped around my waist. 

"Do I know you?" I asked quietly, feeling almost as if I'd seen her face someplace.

"Maybe. You had me, so to speak, several years ago," she said barely above a whisper. 

"Ohhhhhh. Former student!" I said beginning to understand.

"And now graduate student. You know, I thought you were pretty hot when I had you for a professor. You were fodder for more than one occasion, lying back on my bed, pushing my biggest dildo into my hot wet pussy, pretending it was you. Oh yeah. You didn't even have to get hard for me to notice your package, but the few times you got a little excited when one of us flashed a little more leg than we should or more than that, well, it was pretty obvious you had plenty to offer."

"Um. I'm not at all sure this is appropriate," I said weakly as her fingers unhooked from the towel and stroked down the front to find the overlap in the material. She slid her hand in and grasped my half hard cock.

"Ohhhhh yeah. It is going to be big, isn't it? How about you just drop that towel and let me see it now. I'd love to watch you get all big and hard while I undress."

"Oh lord. Amy!"

"What? You wanted someone that would make him horny, trust me, when you see her in her bikini you'll be sold," Amy said with a laugh.

"Shit. I'm already sold," I said, using my other hand to gently extract hers from my towel.

"You gotta pay the price, why not enjoy it?" Amy coaxed as she reached behind her neck and untied the top of her dress. She let the red material fall down her body, the slinky red dress stopping at her hips, hanging and waiting to be pushed down farther. Her big round tits were completely exposed, her large pink areola and erect nipples staring at me accusingly as I felt Jennifer's hand wrap around my cock again. Amy wiggled her hips as she pushed the dress down, letting it fall to the floor, exposing her shaved smooth mound, her full round pussy lips exposed as she stood there for me to look at.

I felt the towel pulled again and let Jennifer pull it away from me, tossing it aside so I was as naked as Amy was.

"You can do the honors if you want," Jennifer coaxed, standing in front of me, slowly stroking my growing member.

"Undress you?"

"That is what has to happen, sooner or later. But if you'd rather do something else, I'm game. Since I'm not wearing anything under this, feel free to play."

"Oh lord," I said after taking a short breath. "Amy, tell me this young lady didn't just suggest that..."

"You undress her and play with her pussy? I do believe she did. And if she didn't, I sure as hell will!" she said as she stepped over to the two of us. She pressed her body to me, finding one of my hands with hers and guiding me down between her legs where my fingers felt the hot wetness clinging to the soft outer lips pushing down between her full round outer lips. "I've been wishing you'd play with my pussy for half a year," she sighed softly as she rocked her hips slightly, grinding my fingers between her wet lips, her hard clit rubbing against the side of my finger.

Jennifer lifted one hand behind my neck and pulled my face toward hers, pressing her soft wet lips to mine. She gently sucked my lower lip with hers, tugging it softly before letting it slip from her lips, her tongue darting out to flick across where she had just held it. Her hand slowly stroked my cock harder, pressing it down as she did so, my shaft growing fat enough so her fingers could no longer close all the way around it. She kissed me again, pressing her lips to mine, her hips pushing toward me until I felt my cock slide between her legs. I could feel the hot juices of her pussy against my shaft as the top of my cock pressed against her bare pussy under the incredibly short skirt.

"I could so easily fuck you right now," she breathed softly. "I'm sooooo fucking turned on right now."

"Uh huh," I grunted, my mind clouded with the sensations on my cock and finger. 

Jennifer lifted her other hand to behind my neck, pulling her body against mine, her firm round tits pressing against my chest, the hardness of both nipples pushing against mine. I felt as much as saw Amy step behind Jennifer and then the short shirt was pulled up over her tits, her bare skin now pressing to mine. The skirt went next, unwrapping between us and being pulled away while Jennifer sensuously kissed me and rocked her pussy along my shaft.

"If you two are going to fuck, you might as well get comfortable," I heard Amy say as my arm was pulled. Jennifer's arms pulled from around my neck and the two of us were drawn down the hall by Amy. "Master bedroom?"

"Last door," I answered, my mind not quite cleared yet. She led us into the room and crawled onto my king sized bed, drawing us both up onto it. 

Amy grinned at me and pressed my chest to roll me onto my back. "I hope you can satisfy two women at the same time," she cooed softly as Jennifer crawled over me on her knees, her hand around my cock again. I felt my head press between her full lips, spreading her as she lowered her weight down on me. She pulled her shirt off, leaving her nude, her big firm tits protruding like two half melons from her chest as she wiggled to force me into her tight opening. 

"Oh fuck. I don't know if you'll fit," she moaned as she grabbed my cock and worked herself around on it more, her tunnel entrance trying to spread to accept me. Finally I felt myself slip into her, only a couple short inches, but up into her, before she paused, letting my cock stretch her.

"How about a little for me?" Amy asked as she swung her leg over my face, bringing her pussy inches from my mouth. "God I want your tongue in me, your cock in me, my nipples in your mouth. Fuck I don't know where to start."

"Here," I said, moving my hands from where they had been cupping and playing with Jennifer's firm tits, to wrap around Amy's thighs. I pulled her down and used my fingers to spread her lips, dipping my tongue into her clearly excited pussy, tasting her juices and hearing her moan of appreciation. 

"Ohhhhh fuck," she moaned as I teased my tongue up and down her wet lips, pressing it between them and searching for her clit with each stroke. "Ohhh my god yes," she gasped as I found her clit, flicking across it several times before going back to her tunnel opening and trying to push my tongue into her.

Jennifer was slowly lifting and dropping herself on my cock, all of me now having been worked into her while I was finding Amy's sensitive clit. Up and down she rode, my cock teasing the insides of her tunnel, and her soft wet vaginal walls teasing me quickly toward climax.

"I'm not going to last long doing this," I grunted into Amy's pussy, wondering if they could understand what I had just mumbled.

"So?" was all Amy said as Jennifer rode faster, her gasps and cries of pleasure growing more intense by the moment. Up and down she rode, her legs starting to tremble as she dropped on me over and over again. I could feel my climax approaching more quickly than I was prepared for and I struggled to hold back, an almost impossible task with how tight her pussy was and how wet Amy's was on my face.

"SHIT!" I grunted loudly into Amy as my body bucked, jamming my cock up into Jennifer as I spouted a geyser up into her hot pussy. 

"YES!" Jennifer cried, her whole body shaking on me as she slammed herself down on me, my still bucking and jerking body trying to force itself up into her as I pumped shot after shot of hot cum into her.
