 Every summer up at the lake there's a huge BBQ that includes the cabins on the South Side of the lake. The usual familiar faces are there and each year, there's a fresh crop of new people.

Over the course of the day yard games are played, we go water skiing, there's lots of eating and beer drinking, and some serious volleyball in the sandpit down by the lake. Its the perfect spot for summer volleyball. Its flat and sandy and next to the lake. The dock is only steps away so when you get too hot or sandy, you can run and jump in to rinse and cool off.

I love playing volleyball at the lake. I'm pretty good and am always up for a game. This year, two gorgeous newcomers were guests of neighbors a few cabins down. These two gals had recently graduated from college and came up for a weekend of fun and relaxation. I introduced myself to Jenny and Judy.

Jenny wore one of those 1950's styled two piece bathing suits and looked quite retro in it. She had a very nice physique. She was lean, tiny and perfectly proportioned. I imagined she was the type of gal when she was naked would be stunning. Nice curves, perfect breasts and ass, and just petite! 

Judy had a beautiful face. Real natural, almost a hippie like beauty. Up close I couldn't take my eyes off her. She had several little strands of braided hair and made her look great. She wore a bikini top and bottom but also wore those lightweight hospital pants over her bikini bottoms. I couldn't understand why because she was very shapely. I did notice she took them off to go swimming, but immediately pulled them back on after getting out of the water. It made me curious.

In several of the volleyball games Judy was on the other team. I think my staring became obvious because she caught me looking at her several times. She was cute smiling back at me. After the game everyone gather for some food. When all the hamburgers were cooked and food laid out for dinner, I made sure I found the table these two gals were sitting at and joined them. We got to chatting and it was clear they were very close friends. I connected with Judy and we shared some good banter back and forth. Jenny left to go back to their cabin to get some warmer clothes as the evening air was cooling down. I was thrilled to be left alone with Judy for a few minutes. We continued to chat down on the dock and Jenny came back with comfy sweats on. Judy said she needed to put on some warmer clothes too and invited me down to see the guest cabin they were staying in.

We both walked down to the guest cabin near the main house. What a great little cabin. A single large room with just one bedroom and bathroom off to the side. A huge picture window overlooked the lake. Heck, I thought it was a better view than the main house. Judy went into the bedroom, grabbed a towel and some sweats and walked over to the bathroom. I could see the shower from the open room area but Judy didn't close the door. Out of the corner of my eye I watched her step into the shower to rinse off. It was one of those single showers with a clear glass door than swung shut. There was barely enough room for one person in that thing. She was very shapely, had a good tan going and her tits and ass were creamy white. I was very happy she didn't close the door!

There was a little bit of steam rising from the top of the shower stall and Judy seemed to be asking me a question. "Can you hand me my towel?" I moved closer to the bathroom doorway and asked "did you just ask me a question?" Judy repeated the question and I reached over for the towel. 

As I grabbed the towel and moved towards the shower she was already opening the shower door. But, the bathroom is very small. I tried to hand the towel to her over the top because the door was too close to the wall when swung open to get the towel around the side. The shower door was steamed up so the view of Judy was diffused. When I lifted the towel up over the door her tits pressed up on the glass door. I damn near died. God, that was cool. She said, "thanks, I'll be out in a second."

I left the bathroom, my head now swimming in thoughts of wanting to play with those great titties I had just seen. Judy came out, threw on some sweats and we headed back to the BBQ. The crowd had dispersed to smaller numbers as darkness set in and we found Jenny sitting by the fire pit chatting with some neighbors. We sat down, had a few gin & tonics, and then Judy asked if I'd liked to come back to her cabin and make a fire in the fireplace inside. The bugs were getting bad and this was just what I wanted to hear.

We got back to the cabin and I tossed some logs in the fireplace. There's a cozy couch right in front of the fireplace. Its perfect to sit and watch the fire. Judy made more gin & tonics and once it was dark she closed the thin silky curtains over the bay window. She said if you'd like to rinse off please feel free to use the shower. It was a great idea since I was sandy and sweaty from the BBQ and volleyball.

I went into the bathroom and tried to close the door. But, it was stuck. This is why Judy didn't close it. I stripped down and jumped in. Man, that hot water felt great. I sudzzed up and I turned off the water and opened the shower door. As I stepped out, Judy was there with a towel. She wrapped it around my waist pulling it in snug around my butt and then she paused to glance at my cock. She slowly closed the towel, looked at me and smiled. "Your gin & tonic is waiting."

The thought of her glance was getting me hard. I threw on my shorts, walked out without the t-shirt, a towel around my neck, and she handed me the drink and it was obvious I had a hard-on. Judy leaned in and gave me a soft kiss. "You smell nice," she said. 

She kept the fire going and had turned off all the lights. There was a warm glow in the cabin and the warmth of the fire was reaching out into the room. Clearly, the liquor was fueling a mood for lust. 

Judy went over laid down on the sofa in front of the fire. I stood behind the sofa and watched her cozy up with the firelight glowing on her face. Standing with no shirt on I could feel the warmth of the fire. I suggested to Judy she take off her sweats. "it's gotta be hot", I said. Judy stood up and took off the sweat top then her sweat pants. To both my surpise and delight, she had nothing on underneath. 

In that fire light she was breathtaking naked. She laid back down on the couch, facing up and looked at me. The fire was flickering warm light all over her body and I became mesmerized at her nudity. She was soft, with full tits with nice, erect nipples. Her legs were slightly crossed so I could'nt see her pussy yet but it was trimmed nice and neat. As I removed the towel from around my neck and she asked if I was hot. I laughed, and said, "OMG, I'm about to pop through these swim trunks." 

Judy got up and walked around the backside of the couch behind me. She slowly pulled down my swim trunks releasing my very swollen cock. I kept my hands on the back of the sofa facing the fireplace and she stood behind me pulling herself against my back. I could feel her pointy nipples. She squeezed harder and I felt the firmness of her tits spread against me. 

Her hands slowly moved down my chest to my cock. She held my cock with both hands slowly caressing me. I was so huge I could feel myself throbbing. She moved one hand down to cup my balls while the other teased my cock. The sensation of feeling her tits on my back was incredible. I didn't want to turn around and face her yet because this felt so delicious.

She moved her hands along my waist, my firm belly and up to my defined chest again. She rubbed my neck, then my face running her hands softly through my hair. My god, she was teasing the hell out of me. She slipped here fingers over my mouth tickling my lips and slowly inserted a finger into my mouth. I kissed her hands and flicked my tongue over her fingers. She slowly moved her tits down my back to my butt. It felt like her hardened nipples were scratching my skin. Her knees now of the floor she kissed my butt and reached around again to gather my stiff cock in her hands. It was standing straight up, throbbing. 

Very loosely with her fingers she teased my cock with both hands. She grabbed my waist and slowly turned me around to face her. My raging hard-on was right in her face. Her hands cupped my ass and she moved her mouth over the head of my cock. Her mouth was so warm. She just held it in her mouth for a moment. She moved her tongue around and around and slowly moved down deeper onto my cock. I leaned against the couch to support myself as my knees were getting weak. She held my ass and used only her mouth to caress my cock. She moved in and out, kissed the head, in and out. I thought I would cum right then and there. 

I fondled her face as she sucked me, running my fingers up and down my shaft next to her lips as she moved. I don't think my cock has ever been bigger.

Judy stood up and moved in to kiss me. We enjoyed a long kiss with our tongues battling for position. She straddled one of my naked legs with hers and I finally got to feel her pussy. I raised my knee to offer resistance to her soft fur. She inched her legs up and down against my leg and we continued to make out. 

I reached around to grab her ass, which was soft and round. I grabbed lower to get my hands near her nectar from behind and feel her moistness. I pulled her ass in tighter to move her leg up and down my leg rubbing her pussy against my leg. I could feel she was slippery, her pussy moistened with desire. 

I put my hands around her buns once again and squeezed them together. Then, without warning the front door of the cabin opens and Jenny walks right in on us. She giggled, "I'm so sorry, I'm sorry" and made her way in to the only bedroom. Judy and I were way too far into the to quit. 

We moved around to the floor next to the fireplace. I tossed on another log and the flames grew again adding more light to room. We were behind the sofa and out of view to the bedroom so I hoped we could continue without bothering Jenny. I was completely Judy's call if it made her uncomfortable. But, she seemed fine with it.

After a few minutes, we calmed down and it looked like Jenny was going to stay in the bedroom so I made my move to taste this gorgeous babe. I got on all fours over her as she lay next to fire. I kissed her and moved down to her titties and sucked those great nipples. I could feel the weight of my cock swinging back and forth as I bobbed from tit to tit. I inched my way to her pussy and thrust my tongue inside her. There was no question in her mind that she found a man who loved to eat pussy.

Just then I heard Jenny scurry over to the shower. Of course the damn door doesn't close so we had to listen to her showering while I continued to please Judy. I used my whole mouth over her pussy to warm her darting my tongue in and out. I flicked her clit with my tongue moving in circles then up and down. She was moaning with pleasure. I thrust my tongue deep inside her once again. It was at this point that I noticed I didn't hear the shower running any longer. I just assumed Jenny made her way back to the bedroom.

I lifted my head from Judy's moistened pussy and looked into her eyes. My mouth and face wet with her juices. She was deeply intoxicated with pleasure. Her arms were pulled in close to her body raising her perfect tits a little higher into the air. Her nipples stood tall crying for more of my tongue. My ass still in the air from being on all fours, I leaned down to pinch a nipple with my teeth. As I did, I felt something grasping my cock. It couldn't be Judy because her arms were right there. My god, it was Jenny! 

She came out of the shower, watched my tongue lashing of Judy's pussy and joined in. It was almost as if it were planned. 

I sucked on Judy's hard nipples and Jenny laid down next to us and gently curled her hand around my cock mimicking a pussy. I slowly moved my hips to slide my cock in and out of her hands while I licked Judy's tits.

I moved up to kiss Judy and Jenny moved my cock towards Judy's wet pussy. She used my cock like a dildo running the head back and forth around her clit, pushing me slightly into her pussy, then out and all over again. It was tantalizing, wet, warm and fun!

Wanting to get Jenny in the pleasure too, I pulled Judy up off the floor and I laid down next to fire. Jenny was so petite I was worried my cock would be too big for her tiny body. But damn, she was just as I had imagined. A perfect body when naked. A wonderfully proportionate body with perky full tits, great legs and a finely trimmed love box.

Judy was so ready for my cock that she quickly mounted me. She slide my tall cock inside her as she faced away. I watched her round ass simply conform to my pelvis as she let all her weight melt over my cock. I moved Jenny so her pussy was right over my face. Jenny reached over the Judy's shoulders and moved her pussy back and forth over my mouth and nose and moaned with pleasure. She was so small and tasted great. I held onto her ass as she found a rhythm over my tongue. Every now and then I noticed she settled her weight onto my tongue the same as Judy was doing on my cock. When they both did this in sync, it was off the charts sexy.

I was about to cum and Judy pulled off, turned around and was now facing Jenny. She begin giving me a great hand job. Both gals watched as my cock swelled, my hips thrust upward with a powerful orgasm. I shot cum several feet into the air. 

Judy slowed the motion with her hands and her hand never left my cock. She used my cum to moisten my cock again and Jenny took some that had sprayed up to her arms and rubbed the juice on Judy's tits. They kissed for a moment all the while massaging my exhausted cock.

We all lay there for few moments, almost ready to fall asleep swimming in our peace and exhaustion. Finally, I asked if the gals would be around tomorrow too. They said they had to get back to the city and keep on the job hunting efforts.

I kissed them both on the lips and said thanks for a great night up in the Northwoods. I mentioned, I'd love to see them again next summer! I grabbed my swimsuit and headed back to my cabin.