 I want to give special thanks to my editor, Alabasterthighs. Her assistance is greatly appreciated.


Chapter 5: Jaleesa

Veronica called me just before I left the office for the day. I was rather exhausted from the workout that Keshia put me through earlier that afternoon, and more than ready to go home and recover with a double shot of eighteen-year-old single malt scotch. Nonetheless, the illicit thrill of talking to Veronica was always invigorating, so I closed my office door, answered the call, and settled back into my chair.

"Hello, lover," she cooed into her cell phone. "How are you feeling? Any bruises I need to take care of before you go home for the day?"

"I survived," I answered. "Let me tell you, your friend Keshia is a beast."

"Too much woman for you?" she asked.

"I didn't say that. Don't put words into my mouth. She's just not exactly my kind of woman."

"I know. I realize that now. She and I have played together before, and she was always on the aggressive side, but not like today. I don't know what happened, but you brought that out of her by the truckload. I've never seen her so assertive. She likes you, by the way."

"She's fun. Her personality is as big as her body. She takes a little getting used to, but once I understood her sense of humor, I had fun with her. I like her also."

"Really? Well, when do you want to get together with her again? She told me to tell you that she's free every night next week."

"Umm, Baby, not so fast. I have enough on my plate right now, and like I said already, Keshia is not exactly my type. Maybe in a couple weeks, or next month?"

"I understand. To tell you the truth, I didn't think that you would ever want to meet with her again after this afternoon."

"In the future, yes. Just not right away."

"I'll make it up to you. I'll plan something special for Tuesday. Keep your calendar clear, alright"

"What have you got in mind?"

"I can't tell you. It's a surprise. Just make sure that you are available Tuesday from noon 'til whenever. OK?"

"Alright. Have a good weekend, and talk to you next week."

"Bye, lover."

"Bye."

* * *

Tuesday morning passed uneventfully. I had not heard from Veronica since Thursday evening, so I assumed that our lunch plans were unchanged. At 11:50 I left the office and walked to my car. Just as I was about to open the car door, I received a text message from Veronica.

Go to the corner of SW 8th Street and 69th Avenue. Park in the secure lot.

Go to room 36B. Don't be late.

That address was a half hour drive from my office. With the round trip and an hour or two of playing, my return to the office was questionable. Pulling out of the parking garage, I called my secretary and told her to cancel my afternoon appointments, as something had come up and I would likely be out of the office the rest of the day. If Veronica comes through once again, I'll be gone all afternoon.

I took the highway to the SW 8th Street exit, and then proceeded East. As I approached 69th Avenue I began to recognize the area. Turning into the parking lot, I laughed out loud. Veronica, you outdid yourself this time.

I located Veronica's car and parked in the space next to it. I found a steel door marked 36B, and pulled on the handle. It was braced open with a matchbook over the bolt. I removed the matchbook, entered, and closed the door behind me. 

The building was a motel designed and used exclusively for sex. The parking lot was surrounded by a ten-foot wall so that street traffic could not see the cars parked on the lot. The first floor of the building contained only the lobby and entrances to the guest rooms. All the rooms were on the second floor, and consisted of two-story suites. This establishment was notorious for its popularity with swingers, cheaters, and lovers who had nowhere else to go.

After closing the door and making sure that it was locked, I found myself in a dimly lit hallway that led to a staircase. I followed the single flight of stairs to the second floor, where I found another steel door. I opened the door and walked into the guest room.

The lower level of the guest room, which was on the second floor of the building, consisted of a sitting area, a bar, and an open bathroom featuring a large, red, two-person, heart-shaped bathtub. The bedroom was in a loft that overlooked the entertaining area, and was accessible by a steel staircase.

"Its about time, Lover!" Veronica called to me from the bathtub. "Come over here, there is someone I want you to meet."

I turned toward the tub and saw that it was filled with water and a thick layer of bubbles. There were two glasses of wine or champagne on either side of the tub. Two heads protruded through the bubbles. I recognized Veronica, of course. The second head belonged to a very young woman with dark hair and a vaguely exotic appearance. She had a round face, straight black hair, big dark eyes, and skin the color of coffee with too much cream - neither black, nor white, nor cinnamon, nor any color that I could readily identify. I could not determine her nationality.

"Mike, this is my special friend, Jaleesa. Jaleesa, this is Mike, my lover that I told you about."

An arm extended from the bubbles. I bent down and took it in my hand, intending to shake it. I remembered the greeting with Keshia, however, and decided against a handshake. Leaning forward even further, I lifted her hand to my mouth and kissed it.

"My, what a gentleman you are. Would you like to join us in the tub and relax a little? I think we can make room for one more."

"I'd love to."

I quickly undressed, leaving my clothes hanging from chairs at the other end of the room. Before returning to the tub, I first scanned the room, searching for the ladies' refreshments. I found the ice bucket and an open bottle of champagne sitting on the end of the bar. After refilling their glasses and moving the ice bucket closer to the bathtub, I stepped into the tub. It was not easy finding room, and I soon found myself sitting with my back in the corner of the heart-shaped vessel, and four feet resting on my lap. 

I rubbed the soles of the four feet nestled in my lap, starting with the foot that was applying the most pressure to my groin. The other three feet were soon poking and prodding my balls, and one of them managed to find my cock. I determined that the foot I was kneading belonged to Veronica, and the foot stroking my cock was attached to Jaleesa's leg. Each girl had a foot in my balls.

"I wanted to thank you for taking such good care of all my friends, Mike," Veronica said. "So to show you my appreciation for all of your loving attention, I decided to share Jaleesa with you. Jaleesa is very special to me."

I had no idea what she was talking about. Jaleesa was a beautiful young woman; there was no question about that. But I did not think that the two were lesbian lovers. If that were true, I would have heard about it from Maria or from Veronica, herself. I was tempted to ask her what she meant by that remark, but I decided to let Veronica unravel the mystery in her own time.

"Jaleesa, you have a very exotic look," I said, while continuing to rub the four feet poking my groin. "I am trying to place you, but I just can't seem to identify your background," 

"Don't feel bad, I have a rather mixed up background. My father is from Trinidad, but his mother is Chinese. So I am one-quarter Trinidadian, and one-quarter Chinese from my father's side," Jaleesa explained. "My mother is one-half African-American and one-half white, mostly a mix of French and English."

"That explains your exotic beauty. You have the best traits of four different races."

"Three races, actually, but four very different cultures."

"Today she's going for five, after we put some Latin in her," Veronica quipped.

Everyone laughed at that remark, and I felt two feet sliding along my stiffening shaft. I reached for Jaleesa's champagne glass and refilled it. Veronica handed me her glass, and I refilled that one also. There was only a little bit of champagne left in the bottle, so I raised the bottle to my lips and drained it. 

"There's more behind the bar," Veronica said. "Jaleesa and I are feeling kind of thirsty today."

I was happy for an opportunity to stand up. Despite the ego boost I was getting from sharing the tub with two sexy women, the truth of the matter was that the tub was built for two, and there was nowhere a third person could sit comfortably. In any event, the water was starting to cool off and it would only be a matter of time before we all felt compelled to get out of the tub. I used that occasion to move things along.

I reached for a towel and dried myself. I then picked up the bucket, discarded the empty bottle, and retrieved a fresh bottle from behind the bar. The new bottle was warm, so instead of popping the cork I plunged it into the ice bucket. Before returning to the bathtub, I stopped to gather four of the fluffy white towels stacked on the floor. The girls looked up as I approached.

"I thought you were getting another bottle of champagne?" Veronica inquired.

"Your glass isn't empty yet," Jaleesa answered. "You can wait another minute or two. Maybe Mike has something else in mind for us."

"Your young friend is very perceptive," I replied. "By the way, just how old are you, Jaleesa?"

"Ask her," she answered, tilting her head toward Veronica.

Veronica laughed, and then Jaleesa responded with her own giggle.

"Well, I'm waiting, ladies." I did not understand why they were making such a big mystery out of a relatively minor detail.

"How old do you think I am?" Jaleesa asked.

I stared at her for a moment, trying to reconstruct the conversation that had taken place already. I could not discern any clues from anything the girls said to me or to each other. I stared at with the intensity of a scientist observing a specimen under the microscope. Jaleesa was still covered by the bath water and bubbles from the neck down, so I only had her face to use as a reference. Based upon her demeanor, I guessed that her age was probably about the same as Veronica: twenty-seven years.

"I'm going to say twenty-five or twenty-six, maybe?" I stated lower numbers in an attempt to score a few flattery points. 

"Nope," Jaleesa said, shaking her head.

"Twenty-seven?"

"Try again."

"Twenty-eight?"

"Do you want me to hit you?"

"I'm sorry. Twenty-four?" I asked, surprise showing on my face.

There was no response.

"Twenty-three?!" I exclaimed.

"Since last week. Wednesday was my birthday. So you're sort of my birthday present from Veronica."

"Happy birthday. And happy birthday to me, too."

"Is it your birthday also?"

"No, mine was months ago. But this afternoon I'm going to celebrate like it's my birthday, Christmas, New Year's Eve, and the Fourth of July all at once."

"You're a naughty man."

"That must be why you're here. I know that's why I'm here."

I walked over to Jaleesa's side of the tub, and offered her my hand to help her get up and out of the water. As she stood, the last of the bubbles were clinging to her body -- but I got my first good look at what had been hiding under the water. I helped her out of the tub, and then wrapped a towel around her shoulders. I handed her a second towel, and then walked over to Veronica's side of the tub. After helping Veronica out of the bath I stepped back and allowed the girls to dry themselves.

Jaleesa finished toweling herself and struck a pose. 

"Do you like?" she asked.

"What's not to like?" I responded.

Jaleesa was a beautiful, exotic-looking woman. She stood about five feet, five inches tall. Her body was the same milky coffee color as her face. Her wet hair hung from her head in tight spirals. I suspected that when it was fully dry it would probably reach just past her shoulders, but the weight of the water stretched the dark coils to the middle of her back. Her shoulders were broad like a swimmer's, but her body was a perfect hourglass that betrayed no hint of athleticism or adherence to an exercise regimen. Rather, her lush curves suggested softness and luxury. Her stomach was flat yet soft, showing no definition or muscularity whatsoever. Her hips flared generously from her surprisingly small waist. Her butt was round from every angle. Her thighs were thick at the top, but tapered to very narrow knees and sat atop slender calves. She appeared to be carved from foam – perfectly shaped and soft everywhere. I guessed her weight to be about one hundred sixty pounds.

The only real flaw in her figure was her breasts. She was easily a DD cup, but her boobs had completely surrendered to the effects of gravity and were pointing to the floor. I had seen breasts that sagged like that countless times on older women, but never before on a twenty-three year old girl. 

"Well, Mike, do you accept my offer of peace?" Veronica asked, looking at Jaleesa.

"Vero, I told you, I'm good. You don't owe me anything. But I have to say, you outdid yourself this time. She's gorgeous."

"You two can stop talking like I'm not here. I can hear you, you know. And Veronica, what's this about an offer of peace? I thought he was supposed to be my birthday present."

"Have you ever heard of two birds and a stone, Jaleesa?" Veronica asked.

"Does that have anything to do with birds in the bush? If it does, we're in trouble here. Neither of us has any bush."

We all laughed at that response. I handed each of the girls her glass of champagne, retrieved the ice bucket with the unopened bottle, and directed the two girls toward the staircase. 

"After you, ladies," I said, as I reached the spiral staircase first.

Veronica ascended first, followed by Jaleesa. I was last, which afforded me the opportunity to stare upward at Jaleesa's lovely ass as she climbed the steps in front of me. I felt my cock starting to rise as I admired her bowling ball butt cheeks.

The second floor was a loft that was open on three sides to the entertaining area below. The upstairs portion was furnished with a king-size bed, two lounge chairs, and a cocktail table. As I exited the stairs, I found Veronica already seated on the bed, holding her empty glass and waving it in my direction. 

"Hold on a second," I said to her. "First, let me open another bottle. You should learn some manners from this young lady."

"She's no lady. You better be careful of that one."

The champagne was starting to bring out Veronica's bluster. 

"I've seen her do things that no lady would ever think of doing," Veronica added.

"Who are you to talk?" Jaleesa piped up. "You're the one I was doing things to. Things you told me to do to you."

Now, this is getting interesting. 

"What exactly is the relationship between the two of you?" I asked, looking first at Veronica and then to Jaleesa.

"Well, for one thing we are friends. And, Jaleesa is a submissive," Veronica answered. "She does anything I tell her to do. Anything. Without hesitation."

"So, you're the Dom and she's the sub?" I asked.

"Yes and no," Veronica replied. "Our relationship is not so formal. We do not use labels or titles, nor do we have any explicit rules that must be followed."

"She's crazy hot, and I just like to be told what to do," Jaleesa added.

"That's a bit of an oversimplification. I learned -- the first time we were in bed together -- that Jaleesa is a pleaser. She gets off by making me feel good. She will do anything I ask her to do. I can do anything I want to her, and it all makes her feel good. Making me cum makes her cum. Of course, I give her attention too. I'm not selfish. But I am smart enough to know that I found a rare treasure with Jaleesa."

My cock rose to a full erection as I listened to these two lovely women describe their sexual relationship. I started thinking of all the ways that I would violate Jaleesa's young body if she were to give herself to me in the same manner that she had already given herself to Veronica. I also marveled at the fact that Veronica did not spend all of her time enjoying the pleasures that Jaleesa offered as the simple result of her inborn nature.

Veronica put her arms around Jaleesa, leaned forward, and kissed her. Veronica pressed her lips against Jaleesa's mouth, closed her eyes, and worked her tongue between Jaleesa's teeth. My cock ached for attention as I watched these two lovely women standing next to the bed, completely naked, arms around each other, and their mouths united in a wet, passionate kiss. I walked over and joined them, placing a hand on a cheek of each girl's lovely ass, caressing the soft curves of their contrasting forms. Standing slightly behind these two goddesses of flesh, my erect cock managed to work itself between their hips as their respective tongues returned to their respective mouths.

"Is someone feeling neglected?" Veronica asked.

"We can't have that, now can we?" Jaleesa cooed in response as she reached for my cock.

"Don't stop on my account," I responded. "I just couldn't resist all this naked female flesh. The sight of you two lovely, sexy young ladies pressing your mouths and bodies together was too much for my feeble willpower."

"Excuse me, but there is only one sexy young lady present," Veronica corrected. "That's me. She's a filthy whore."

"Vero!" Jaleesa shouted in utter shock.

"I'll prove it. Jaleesa, suck his dick."

Jaleesa opened her mouth as if to protest, but then shot a look at Vero that seemed to say: "This isn't over," and then dropped to her knees in front of me. She took my balls in one hand, wrapped her other hand around the base of my cock, and directed the head to her moist lips. She left soft kisses all over the head, and then started licking up and down the full length of the shaft. After bathing my entire cock with long strokes of her tongue, she formed her thick, full lips into an 'O' and descended the shaft, stopping only when her lips reached my groin.

Jaleesa continued caressing my balls with one hand. I looked down to see that she had released her grip on my shaft with the other hand, and was now pinching her own nipples. Our eyes locked for a moment. In that second I saw a look of complete surrender in her eyes. I also saw barely restrained desire and total bliss. I understood at that moment why Veronica said that she was special. I could do anything I wanted with Jaleesa, and she would love me for doing it to her. Anything at all.

I reached for her hair and pulled her head back, away from my groin. I sat on the bed, spread my legs wide, and pushed her face down on my throbbing cock. She immediately picked up my rhythm, bobbing her head in perfect cadence with the fist tangled in her hair. She offered no resistance as I skull-fucked her; in fact, she assisted my assault on her mouth. 

With my free hand I reached for her nipple and pinched it. I had no desire to hurt her, but at the same time I was interested in exploring her limits. There had to be some point where her mind or her body resisted – some point where she said 'no.' At first I gently pinched her nipple, but that failed to provoke a response. I twisted it back and forth, and then pinched a little harder. She responded by arching her back, which had the effect of making her tits even more accessible to my fingers.

I looked down and saw that Jaleesa had spread her knees apart; she was now stroking her clit with her free hand while she continued to caress my balls with her other hand. I fucked her face up and down on my cock with several forceful strokes. After a minute or so of pounding her face against my crotch, I pulled her by the hair, lifting her mouth off my cock. A long strand of saliva stretched from the head of my cock to her lips. It sagged and then broke, running in two streams: one ran down my cock, soaking my balls; the other ran down her face and dripped onto her breasts, looking like a river of drool from her mouth to her cleavage. Her hands continued their simultaneous work on my balls and her clit.
