 Author's note: Thanks to me friend Jen, for being the final pair of eyes to help with my editing.

The Beach Bum Part one – The Stranger Arrives

The tall dark haired stranger sauntered into the Beach Shack like he was one of the regulars. The Beach Shack is a dump of a bar at a beach mostly missed by tourists and snowbirds. That is why I hang here and why it was so odd to see a cocky handsome stranger in the place. 

After hitting the lotto big a couple years back I decided to get lost somewhere and live a simple beach bum existence. This hole in the wall kind of no-wheres-ville was the perfect spot for dropping out. Very few folks have any idea how wealthy I am and those that do don’t give a shit about such things. Except for my million-dollar, oceanfront beach house, nothing about me even hints at the size of my bank account. 

On this particular rainy afternoon in what I had come to think of as paradise, there were about a dozen regulars and Steve, my favorite bartender, in the shack. I was at the bar talking to Steve and Jill. Jill ran away from home at 16 and ten years later she was still here. As far as I know she had never looked back or spoken to her mother or the stepfather her mother let abuse Jill for so many years. It was Jill’s day off from her waitress job at the swanky hotel at the tourist beach up the highway. The rest of today’s patrons were pretty much evenly divided between men and women. They ranged in age form Susie, who says she is 22 but we all know her ID is fake and she has yet to celebrate her twenty-first birthday, to Captain Bill, the 55-year old skipper of a for hire fishing boat who’s years at sea and heavy drinking ashore make him look closer to 70.

Everyone turned and watched the handsome young man as he approached the bar. We don’t get many strangers in town and fewer in the Shack. We were all interested in what he was doing here. Besides that, he is one of those people that just seem to command attention. I once was the object of the regular’s curiosity. I wondered to myself if perhaps this guy would be joining us for the long haul.

Steve smiled at the newcomer and spoke warmly, “Welcome to the Shack, names Steve, what can I get ya?”

The man grabbed the empty stool next to me and spoke in a rich deep voice. “Names Brad, Steve. If you got a clean glass in the place I will take a double Crown Royal, straight up!” 

The only reason Steve didn’t take offense was the genuinely warm smile that Brad laid on him.

I offered my hand, “Hi, I’m Rick, welcome to no-wheres-ville Brad. How the hell did you happen to find us?”

Brad explained that he preferred back roads to highways and especially favored places others seemed not to bother with. I told him he had come to the right place. Brad, Steve, Jill and I talked while the rest of the gang went about the business of getting an early start on their evening buzz. Along the way to their alcohol induced bliss, the gang shot the breeze, threw darts, pumped the jukebox full of quarters and attempted to play pool on the warped table in the back of the room.

Brad turned out to be a real nice guy. Just the sort who ended up staying here once they wandered into the Shack. Turned out he was looking to relocate and after a couple hours he asked if there were any cheap places in town to stay while he checked out the area. On impulse I said that if free was cheap enough there was plenty of room at my place. I thought Jill was going to choke when she heard the invitation. I am a pretty private man and Jill knew only people I knew well ever got to see the inside of my house. She knew this because she had lived in one of my guest rooms for the past year or so.

I was never really sure how that happened. Jill and I had been occasional bedmates since the night we met. Never really a romance, more like fuck buddies. Over time we also became great friends. Although with her looks she always did well in tips, it just seemed silly for her to pay rent when I had so much extra room at my place. It is nice sharing the house with a sexy lady and on those nights when one or both of us needs cuddling or a carnal itch satisfied, it is convenient having a willing lover right down the hall.

Brad accepted my offer but insisted he wanted to pay me something. I suggested he buy Jill and me dinner and we would call it even for a week or so worth of rent. Brad indicated we had a deal and asked if there was someplace in town nicer then this to eat. He also said that he didn’t want to feel like a third wheel and asked if there might be another friend who would like to make it a foursome. I winked and smiled as I told him I thought a foursome sounded like fun and I believed something could be arranged. Jill giggled at my obvious double entendre. Jill knew that I, like her knew everyone in the bar and had slept with several of them. I wasn’t sure Brad got it, but I was pretty sure he was going to get it later. 

I spotted our young friend Susie playing darts with Tommy Miller. I knew Tommy was just passing time until he got enough booze in him to pass out on Steve’s storeroom cot, so I wouldn’t be taking anything from him. I doubt Tommy’s dick has been hard in the last five years. I also know that Susie loves fucking older guys. Even though Brad is probably ten years younger then my 40 years he is older to her and she had been checking him out fairly obviously. Anyway, my plan at that moment called for a bit more then a one-on-one pairing off.

I got off my stool and walked up behind Susie just as she finished a shot. When she stood back up from her bent over position, I slid my arms around her as her ass pressed into me. I kissed her neck softly with just the tip of my warm tongue popping out to tease her sweet flesh. She purred as I rubbed the soft hairs of my short beard on her cheek. I quickly moved my lips to her delicate ear and flicked my tongue over the curlicue ridges. She squirmed a bit and I pulled her tight to my body.

Then I whispered, “Would you like to have dinner with a couple of horny guys and the sexiest waitress in town, sweet thing?”

Julie turned and kissed my lips softly, giving me just a brief taste of the tip of her moist little pink tongue before replying casually, “Sounds like fun, but whose date am I going to be?”

I flashed a kind of half-smile, winked and whispered, “Maybe all three of us,” before giving her earlobe a playful nibble.

I knew Susie and Jill weren’t adverse to sexual experimentation. I also had a hunch that Brad was the sexually adventurous type. I was reasonably sure he would go for a little side-by-side fucking and swapping with the girls. I also knew once things like that got going many things seemed to happen that might not otherwise occur.

Susie pulled me close, bit my earlobe hard and then purred, “Sounds like a fun party! You got a deal as long as you promise I get a turn to suck that big juicy cock of yours again before the weekend is over.”

She gave my now slightly bulging crotch a squeeze and said that she would be with us as soon as she finished kicking Tommy’s ass. I felt bad about taking Tommy’s company away. But damn Susie was fucking hot and she was damn sure one of the best cocksuckers I had ever met. She clearly loved pleasuring people with her mouth. Somehow I had a feeling all three of us would be experiencing Susie’s talents before the night was over. 

When I returned to the bar I told Steve to put the rest of Tommy’s night on my tab and sent him a double scotch. I knew the sooner Tommy was numb the better off he was. Tommy raised his glass and winked his thanks at me. He knew I was paying him off for stealing his pool partner, but was grateful to me for providing his real date for the evening, Jonnie Walker Black. I just smiled, raised my beer glass and nodded back.

I told Brad that Susie had agreed to be our fourth for dinner. He seemed very pleased. When Brad went off to the bathroom, Jill whispered in my ear that she hoped Susie wasn’t planning to have him all to herself. I concurred with Jill’s thoughts, explaining that I hoped the four of us might share tonight. Then we decided the best way to move that along would be for Jill to be Brad’s date. We knew Susie was willing but less experienced in maneuvering the situation. 

I got lost for a moment as the scene from Susie’s last visit to my house flashed into my head. There was Susie grinding her pussy into Jill’s pretty face as I stood and fucked Susie’s sweet mouth. Susie’s date for the night, some college boy on an extended summer break was on his hands and knees lapping up Jill’s hot cunt juice. What he didn’t know at that moment was before the night ended he would no longer be an anal virgin. Damn Jill is persuasive. She told him he could fuck her anyway he wanted for as long as he wanted if she got to she him get fucked first. His tight ass and those two hot chicks fingering their cunts to repeated orgasm as they watched gave me one hell of an orgasm. Jill’s ass paid the price later. He fucked her everyway possible including an hour and a half hard ass pounding while Susie and I cuddled and watched. It will be a while before Jill makes an offer like that again. The kid had a fucking never deflating wonder dick.

Brad returned from the john and clasped me firmly on the shoulder bringing me out of my daydream. He looked quizzically at the glassy eyed expression I had but said nothing. Jill moved around next to Brad and slid her arm around him. Brad gave me another quizzical look as he had obviously thought Jill was my gal. 

“Well I see Jill has chosen her dinner escort. That ok with you, Brad?” I said to ease the tension.

Brad smiled broadly at me and said, “hell yes, any man would be honored to have sexy Jill on his arm. I just er..well I guess I made a wrong assumption.”

Jill said that she and I were just good friends and kissed Brad on the cheek. By that time Susie had finished off Tommy. I watched as she kissed him on the cheek and gave his ass a little squeeze, before sauntering over to the bar. I was pretty sure Susie would have been happy to give Tommy pity head if he were able to get it up and she didn’t have a better offer. Most of the regulars knew the last time someone tried to do that for Tommy it had been a no go and Tommy ended up crying himself to sleep. 


Seeing Jill had already claimed the new guy, Susie smiled, put her arms around me and gave me a very sensual kiss. She was clearly happy to have first crack at me. My chest swelled a bit with pride that she seemed to prefer me because Brad is a hunk of man. I introduced them and they shook hands. Considering what I imagined they would be doing later that assumed me a bit. As we headed out the door I turned and to give Steve a wave. He smiled and winked one of his beautiful blue eyes. Steve was the first friend I made when I got here and he knows more about me then anyone else. As my house was just two blocks from The Shack, Jill and I had walked and Susie lived right next to the bar so Brad had the only vehicle. Since the restaurant was only a short walk down the beach, I suggested we drop Brad’s jeep off at my place. The four of us piled into Brad’s jeep and headed to my house.

We decided to go in and get Brad settled before dinner. None of us were really all that hungry for food at that point anyway. Our hungers were of a carnal nature. I showed Brad the room he would be sleeping in and offered everyone a drink. Once the drinks were served Jill and Brad plopped down on the sofa and Susie and I shared my big comfy easy chair. It felt good having Susie in my lap as I wrapped my arms around her sexy body. I knew Susie wasn’t shy and I figured the best way to get things started was by example. As the four of us talked Susie and I began to gently caress each other. The foursome fantasies running through my head and Susie’s sensual ass cheeks squirming in my crotch caused my cock to swell. Susie positioned herself so that my growing member nestled between her round buttocks. She laid her head on my shoulder and began to kiss my neck, working her way slowly toward my ear. Jill had moved closer to Brad who took the hint and put his arm around her. 

Just as Susie found my earlobe with her little pick tongue, I decided it was time to give Brad a little show. I slid my hand down Susie’s taut abdomen to the top of the silky wrap around that was covering the thong bottom of her bikini. I pulled the tie lose and Susie spread her legs a bit exposing her well tanned and toned thighs. I smiled at Jill and Brad as I ran my fingers deftly over the small strip of material covering Susie’s sweet, hot kitty. Brad was sporting a very impressive bulge by that point. Jill was squirming and pressing her body into Brad’s

Susie purred and then asked in her sweet innocent sounding voice, “Oh, baby, are you going to show them my wet pussy?”

I looked directly at Brad and asked, “What you two think? You wanna see her hot little twat?”

I thought Brad was going to faint. He barely managed to say wow as he exhaled loudly. Jill on the other hand was hot and ready to go. She slid her hand up Brad’s thigh and squeezed his hard cock through the material of his jean shorts as she licked her lips in anticipation of the show that was about to begin. 

“Oh god yes, Rick, show us that pretty pussy!” Jill practically begged.

I teased them by pulling the material to the side just a bit exposing Susie’s hairless mound. Brad sat almost transfixed as I tickled Susie’s kitty under her thong. Jill was squeezing his large cock through his shorts. As I slowly pulled Susie’s thong off I was hoping Jill would take Brad’s cock out. I could tell from his bulge that it was large and I was becoming anxious to see just how large. My own cock is average in length, which I find to be to my advantage. It is long enough and thick enough to fill without being to large to swallow. I had a feeling Brad had trouble finding partners that good deep throat him and I was pretty sure even fewer that could take the whole thing in the ass. While I am not hung up on size, large hard cocks have always fascinated me. 

Once Susie’s thong was on the floor I nudged her legs further apart and opened up her moist lips with my fingers. I knew her inner lips and vulva were a delicious shade of pink. I let my thumb slide up her slit and as I expected her clit was already proudly erect and exposed. Susie has a great clit, large and very sensitive. I wanted to suck it so bad at that moment, but I wanted the four of us naked before this went too far.

As if she read my mind Susie cooed, “Oh Jill, I gotta get a look at that sexy boy’s monster cock. Pull those shorts off him baby!”

As if obeying a command from a superior, Jill quickly unbuttoned Brad’s shorts. She grabbed the waistband and pulled down both his shorts and boxers as one. Brad helped by raising his ass. Jill tossed Brads pants aside and moved so that Susie and I could see Brad in all his glory. Brad’s cock was standing straight up from his lap. It was easily the longest cock I had ever seen live. Certainly, it was over ten-inches. The circumcised head was nearly perfect. It set proudly atop the long shaft like the pink head of a serpent. The ridge of his glans flared out and then curved together to form a line on the underside pointing to his cum hole. I thought Susie was going to cum in my lap. I could feel her body shaking. She grabbed my hand and pushed my fingers toward her now quivering hole as she motioned for Brad to come over to us.

I slid two fingers into Susie’s hot steamy pussy and began to finger fuck her. Brad stood and slowly crossed the small space separating us. For the first time I noticed his balls. Like his cock, they were larger then average. His hairless sack was full and hung down with his two heavy balls bouncing slightly as he walked. In addition to shaving his balls clean, Brad also had neatly trimmed above and around his cock leaving just enough short hair to proudly set off his magnificent tool. As Jill watched the scene unfold, she stripped off her clothes, leaving me the only one fully dressed. Brad stopped and stood just inches from Susie and me. He spread his legs a bit and stood still as if displaying his equipment for us. Susie’s moans were becoming desperate sounding as she ground her pussy down onto my fingers. 

As if acting in concert Jill walked up behind Brad and took his tight ass in her hands pushing him forward and Susie reached for his twitching cock. I now had three fingers working in and out of Susie and she was grinding her hard clit into my palm. Susie’s delicate fingers were wrapped around Brad’s huge shaft. She was pumping his meat as Jill massaged his ass and kissed his neck and shoulders. As Susie’s body began to shake with her first orgasm, Brad reached out and pulled her face to him. He pushed her down toward his twitching organ and Jill guided his cock to Susie’s lips.

“Come on, baby, suck it! I know that is what you want!” Brad half moaned, half commanded.

Brad’s cock muffled Susie’s orgasmic screams. She managed to swallow half his organ on the first try. I watched as her lips stretched over him and her cheeks puffed as she sucked him hard. Jill meanwhile had cupped Brad’s ample ball sack in her left hand as her right hand toyed with one of his masculine nipples. Susie continued to grind her cunt against my fingers. Her ass rubbing my cock through my shorts was driving me nuts. I wanted so to have my cock free so I could drive it into her hot orgasming cunt. As if he could sense what Susie wanted, Brad began talking to her like she was a cheap whore. 

He moaned in his deep sexy voice, “Come on baby, suck my big cock! Swallow all my meat you hot cock sucking little bitch!” 

Susie’s screams were barely muffled by Brad’s huge pole as she took more of his long shaft into her sweet mouth. I watched as the sweet young girl turned into a wanton slut for Brad’s hot cock. Jill then wrapped her hand around the last two inches of Brad’s shaft that Susie couldn’t accommodate. I raised Susie up so that I could free my cock from its prison and then drove my aching cock deep into her hungry cunt. Jill slide down to the floor and began licking Brad’s tightening balls as he began to thrust his cock in and out of Susie’s mouth. I looked into his eyes as we began to match our rhythms. I sliding my cock in and out of Susie’s tight pussy, Brad fucking her face like it was a second pussy. Jill took a break from sucking Brad’s balls and cried out, “Oh yes fuck Susie’s sweet mouth stud! Damn what a lucky bitch! Use her like the whore she loves to be, boys!”

Jill went back to sucking Brad’s balls as we continued fucking Susie. Both of us increased both the pace and intensity of our thrusts. Brad and I stared directly into each other’s eyes. He had the most incredible look of pure animal lust. We continued matching each other’s pace and intensity, both of us building toward climax. A wicked and somehow amazingly erotic grin formed on Brad’s lips. I nodded and said now. Brad and I simultaneously cried out as our cocks exploded inside Susie. I grabbed her hips and forced her down hard onto my cock and Brad pulled her head toward him burying every inch of his monster that Jill was not holding in Susie’s face. My intense orgasm seemed to go on forever. When I opened my eyes, Brad had fallen back from Susie and I could see from the look on his face that he had experienced a similarly powerful orgasm.

Susie slid off my lap and joined Jill on the floor. They kissed deeply, Jill hungrily seeking to share some of Brad’s thick cum. Jill licked it from Susie’s face and the two hot women used the tongues to pass his seed back and forth. 

When the kiss finally broke, Susie said to Jill, “It is your turn sweetie, “ and pushed Jill down to the floor.

Jill lay on her back and Susie spread Jill’s legs wide. Susie buried her face between Jill’s thighs and began wildly licking her clit, labia and pussy. In minutes Jill was screaming as she writhed in orgasm under the attack of Susie’s talented tongue and lips. I briefly considered walking across the room to where Brad now sat watching and absentmindedly stroking his semi stiff shaft. My own cock though thoroughly sated for the moment was attempting to salute the girls as well. Though I wanted badly to touch Brad’s pretty cock, I decided to let that wait for later. Instead I just flashed him a smile that hoped would convey my interest in a non-threatening way. His return smile pretty much told me that I would have a chance later.
