 My husband Carl invited a couple of friends, Dana and Jim, over for a little birthday gathering last weekend. All week long I anticipated the fun it would be. We'd had a little "fun" a few times with them, mainly involving Dana and me putting on a little show for the boys.

Why is it that guys like to watch two women pleasuring each other? Anyway, Saturday evening arrived and we all sat on the deck, enjoying a bottle of wine and relaxing. It didn't take long before the conversation got personal.

"So what would you like for your birthday?" Dana quizzed.

I thought about it for a little while and finally made my decision.

"How about the three of you taking care of me?"

"Just what do you have in mind?" Dana wryly asked.

I put a finger to my lips and replied "Well.........you could put on my "Vixen" for starters!"

She grabbed my hand and led me back to my bedroom closet where she knew I kept the toys. She quickly found what she was looking for and after she stripped, I helped her put it on. She had an evil look as she held it in her hand, stroking it gently.

"Got anything to put in it?" knowing full well I did.

"There's some in the refrigerator, collected yesterday as a matter of fact! Just warm it up in some hot water for a few minutes, please!"

"Of course!" she said as she left me in the closet. 

I stripped down to a pair of gray cotton panties and went to the kitchen. She had everything warmed up and was loading the "Vixen"." 

As I grabbed her cute little butt, she turned and asked "You wouldn't mind if I made Jim clean up would you?"

"Think he will?"

"If he knows what's good for him, he will! All of it!" she laughed.

As she squeezed the bulb a little a tiny drop formed on the end. She smeared it around and whispered "pre-cum already!"

She towed me back to the living room where the boys were waiting. They had already stripped to their shorts and it was quite evident they were ready to go.

"Kind of damp, aren't we?" Carl said as he pointed at my crotch.

Dana eased me to the floor and after sliding my panties off, buried her tongue in my vagina.

This lasted all of about thirty seconds when she announced "Jim, lay down on the floor on your back. Marsha, get on top of him and sit on that cock of his. Carl, you kneel off to the side and let her suck you. I" just get behind her here and she'll be air tight!"

I slowly lowered my sopping hole onto Jim's cock, easing down on it until I could feel his balls against my entrance. I looked over at a cock next to me and opened my mouth and inhaled my husband. 

I heard Dana say "I'll just put one of these on for safety!" 

Out of the corner of my eye, I watched her slide a condom over the tool. I thought to myself, the mess will be easier for Jim to clean up that way.

Dana got around behind me and pulled my butt up in the air a few inches. She knelt down and swabbed my puckered little hole a bit and then got up on the knees and placed the tip of the "Vixen" against my only available hole. She grabbed my cheeks and began slowly inserting her cock into me. I didn't feel any pain, only a new fullness as she slid in. I could feel the "knot" go past my sphincter and then an increase in pressure as she pumped it up a little.

"Comfortable?" she asked.

All I could do was groan as I was busy sucking Carl. 

"Jim, you can start humping slowly, but DO NOT cum until I'M ready!" Dana growled.

I felt Jim slowly beginning to slide his cock in and out of me, as Dana rocked gently against my backside. The felling of a cock in every hole was making my mind swim with pleasure. I knew I would cum quickly. I felt the first orgasm start as Jim and Dana both stroked in simultaneously, stimulating every nerve below my waist. I could feel my vagina contracting on Jim's cock and knew he was going to have a difficult time holding back as I creamed on him. 

Carl could sense I was over the edge and also had a difficult time keeping his load from spilling into my mouth. Dana meanwhile was enjoying herself at a leisurely pace as she remained buried in my ass.

After two or maybe three "mini" orgasms, I knew I was about to explode. In garbled words from a mouth full of cock I screamed "Cummmmmm in me!"

I felt the first spurt from Jim pump deep into my vagina, then another and another. I went way over the top with the last and clamped down on him as cum boiled from Carl's cock into my mouth. Another wave hit me as I felt warm jets enter my ass as Dana clung tightly to me and filled her condom with all the sticky fluid the "Vixen" held.

My knees were shaking as Carl pulled from my mouth and Dana from my ass. 

"Keep your butt in the air!" Dana growled.

I knew what was coming. 

I looked back at Dana and pointed to my mouth, still full of Carl's cum.

"Let Jim have it!" she ordered.

I looked down at Jim below me and shrugged my shoulders at him. It wasn't fear in his eyes, but probably a little apprehension at what he saw. I opened his mouth with a couple of fingers and began letting the semen slide from my lips into his mouth.

When my mouth was empty, I closed his and mouthed "Swallow!"

He did as he was told.

"Now, since you left a mess in her pussy, you can clean that up too!" Dana ordered again.

"Marsha! Sit on his face!"

I slid forward on my knees, squeezing my labia between my fingers and placed my gooey vagina over his mouth. I spread my lips with two fingers and watched as his sticky cum flowed back to him. 

When I stopped leaking, I inserted a couple of fingers deep inside and swabbed my canal out and then stuck them in his mouth. He was now enjoying being cuckolded.

Satisfied that I was clean, I got off him and sat down on the floor. 

I looked at Dana; hold a condom full of semen in one hand, and a very evil grin on her face.

"One more!" she ordered, as she placed her butt on his abdomen. 

Jim opened his mouth and Dana began pouring the contents from the condom.

"Don't swallow yet!" she demanded. "Wait until it's empty!"

She squeezed the last of it from the condom and closed his mouth. She just nodded her head up and down as Jim began swallowing. It took several gulps before he was finished and opened his mouth to show her.

"Good boy!" she laughed.

I laughed with her and said "Happy Birthday to me!"