 For those of you who don't like this story (why are you still reading it then?) this is the end as it was originally written. I imagined I could go on into the future from here, but I wanted to tell a story with sex, not sex with a little bit of story.  

I could also go into the characters more, I still have more background stuck up in my head, but experience tells me that those seem to be the least popular part of this long tale.

I always figure that if I wrote anything more in this line, it would be to rewrite the part that I wrote but lost a long time ago, about how Jack met Janet in the first place.

So do this for me, faithful readers. If you would like for me to do more of this story, let me know.



 Chapter 10 (The final chapter)

As everyone else stared at each other, I was able to take a look at our visitors without being obvious. I finally realized why they were all startled, as if having two naked strangers shoot out of a waterfall wasn't odd enough.

She didn't look exactly like Marly, but the girl standing in front of me could easily have passed for a younger sister. Her face was a little different, her hips a little wider, her breasts were much smaller. With big puffy nipples, they reminded me of Heather's, more like bumps on her slender body than what I had been seeing and touching on various other women for the past few days.

As I stood there staring, I realized that she might want to cover up. I took my shirt off, then slowly approached the couple while holding it out, making sure to look only at her eyes.

As she took the shirt and put it on, she looked at me for the first time. "Thanks... Jack, was it?" she said.

"I'm Jack, this is Marly" was my reply.

"Um, hi" she said, simply. "Sorry to, um, drop in on you guys like this..."

"Hey there!" the young man finally piped in. "I'm Randy and this is Ashley." Looking up at the waterfall on the unclimbable cliff, he asked "Is there some way out of here? All of our stuff is on the other side of that!"

"Not right now," I replied. "But in a few hours there will be. If you want, you can hang out with us until then."

"Why don't you GO and get our new guests some transportation then" Marly spat out. "They can't walk that path without shoes, and you're apparently getting pretty good at going places!"

"Marly, let me explain what I was trying to say!" I replied.

"Just go away now!" she said icily. "I'll stay behind. I should get used to it, right?"

Sighing, I took the trail back to the boat. Once there, I untied the excursion boat, then heading back to the lagoon by water.

When I arrived, the two women were talking animatedly, while Randy was still trying to figure out a way to get back up the waterfall. "I feel so naked down here," he said, "with all of my stuff on the other side of that thing."

"I hate to point out the obvious, dude." I said, handing him some clothes to put on. "But you ARE naked down here. What's up with the girls?"

"Oh, them" he replied, pulling on what I gave him to wear. "From the best I can figure out, they're sisters, but they didn't know it. 

"I mean, like Ash is adopted, so I guess it's possible, but what are the chances of meeting your sister like this?"

"I guess they do look a lot alike" I said. "And Marly's mom did take off when she was little. I guess she kind of got around..."

Marly looked up at me, her smile turning into a scowl as soon as she did so. "There's only enough room in there for three" she said, although it wasn't true. "You can walk back."

"I'll go with you, now that I'm dressed!" said Randy.

Stone faced, Marly easily shoved the boat off from shore, gunning the engine as she sped out of the lagoon.

"Dude, that is one pissed off woman!" Randy said. "What the hell did you do to her?"

"It's a long story" was all I said, as we started on the long path back to the boat.

By the time we got back, Marly and her new-found little sister were both up on the flybridge, their heads huddled together in a deep, active conversation.

"Looks like a whole lot went on out on your walk" Janet casually said to me. "I don't know what you did to your girlfriend, but she is ROYALLY pissed off at you."

I stayed out of Marly's way for the next couple of hours, trying to give her time to settle down a bit so I could explain what I had been starting to tell her.

At midday, the sun got too hot for anyone to be outside, and everyone came inside to get food and drinks. Janet watched us all with a drink in her hand and a bemused look on her face. "I brought a game to play while it's so hot out there" she proclaimed. "Is everybody up for it? It's kind of dirty!"

Eight hands went up in a flash, and Janet beamed her approval. "OK, guys, one more warning. It's a sex game, so if anyone" and with that she looked at Ashley and Randy "wants to sit it out, they can. Once you're in though, you're in."

Randy and Ashley looked each other in the eye. "I'm fine with it if you are Ash" Randy said.

"We're in!" shouted Ashley.

"Fine" Marly said, shooting bullets at me with her eyes.

"OK, so here we go!" Janet said, reaching into a canvas bag and pulling out a small electronic looking item. "This is the game, here. It's all on computer, and you start out by answering a bunch of questions. If it tells you to do something, you have to do it" she added.

"I like to add a little kick to the game, so everyone has to take a shot of tequila before and after they answer the questions, then before each round of the game. It loosens things up!"

Exactly how Janet knew that I had a large supply of "1921" Crema de Tequila on board I don't know, but she quickly produced large shot glasses and four bottles from my supply, pouring each person a generous amount.

The questions were curious, such as who I had come with, what kind of things I did and did not like to do, how we were related to others in the game, who did I NOT want to be with when the game finished. I guessed at what it meant by that question, and decided that my safest bet was to say Ashley.

After all of the questions were over, the display on the game told me to go change clothes, and exactly what to change into.

"Take your shot! Take your shot!" came the cry from everyone else. The second glass went down very smoothly, filling me with a warm feeling.

Marly watched me go downstairs to change, glaring at me until I was out of sight.

I passed Curt coming down, and could hear the chanting as I came back up the stairs, Marly was putting her third shot glass down as I came back up from below.

"She asked for two shots when she read the last part on the screen" Shelley told me.

It went the same for each person, a shot before, a short Q and A, then a second shot and a trip downstairs. When it came to Janet's turn, a very sly look came across her face before she went down to change.

---

"Is everybody ready to start?" Janet asked of the whole group, once we had all returned. Like me, everyone appeared to be dressed fairly normally, as if we were all going into town to go shopping or something. There were nods all around.

"OK!" said Janet, "Let's start".

Pushing a button caused the little device to flash all over for a few seconds, until it stopped flashing and let out a ding. Janet looked down and read the display.

"The first round is with blindfolds and hands only" she said. "Nothing else, just hands. The game paired us up, and Curt, Freddie, Randy, and I go first." She handed the game over to Curt, raising her shot up to her lips.

After he read the screen, Curt said "It says to remove certain clothing from the other person, then to rub every bit of exposed skin that you can reach, while my partner does the same to me." He took the shot that had been offered to him, downing it in one gulp.

After Randy read his instructions, he said "We must be kissing each other the entire time, and we have exactly three minutes. No more, no less" He too drank the tequila in one swallow.

Freddie read then, saying, "The women get blindfolded first, they don't get to know who they're with. Avoid touching remaining clothing or lose some of your time, only rub exposed skin." Freddie began by sipping her drink, then drank the last half in one swallow.

Janet produced four blindfolds, she and Freddie putting them on first, then standing in the middle of the room. After they had done this, Randy stood in front of Janet and put on his blindfold, Curt did the same with Freddie.

Randy was the first to move in, carefully finding Janet's face with his hands and guiding his lips onto hers. I knew from experience that she was a good kisser, she practically sucked his face in right there.

Right after they had started, Janet reached down and pushed a button on the device, causing it to start beeping its countdown.

Janet had donned a two piece sun dress, and it took Randy's hands a while to figure out how the top was attached. When it came off, Ashley let out a little gasp. Janet had nothing on underneath the top, her breasts stood out proudly for all to see.

Except Randy, of course. After taking her top off, he spent a great deal of time rubbing her back, her shoulders, doing his best to keep away from the bra that he was not aware did not exist. At some point though, he ran his hand all the way from her neck to her skirt, and he realized that she was completely bare on top. At that point, his hands quickly moved around to her chest, and he began feeling her full breasts with as much attention as he could muster.

While this was going on Janet had removed his shirt and was rubbing him back with quite a bit of skill, playing with his nipples, rubbing his back and neck. At no time did she break the kiss.

Curt and Freddie had wasted no time either, she removing his shirt, he both her shirt and shorts. Freddie wore a relatively safe-looking bikini underneath, but Curt took advantage of every inch of exposed skin, she seemed to be getting quite aroused from the feel of his kiss.

Randy had apparently not been told to remove Janet's skirt, but his hands did finally wander down to her legs. His palms rose higher and higher on her calves, eventually beginning to travel out of sight underneath it. On one such exploration, he stiffened, and his hand stopped moving downward, remaining pushed at an angle that seemed like he probably could go no farther.

If he wasn't supposed to be touching fabric, and his hand was staying up that high... Well, I thought. That explains the sly smile earlier. There IS no fabric covering Janet up. Randy's fingers had just found a very nice and unexpected prize.

But his joy was short-lived, as the device began beeping an alarm.

"Time's up!" Janet said, removing her blindfold and Randy's hand. "Next time, young man, you should try that sooner!" Randy removed his blindfold and looked at Ashley, blushing.

"Well that was nice" was all that Freddie said. "It'll be interesting to see what comes next."

---

"So," Janet said, once again picking up the game, looking over at Randy as he openly stared at her breasts. "We move to our next contestants."

"Jack, Kyle, Shelley, and Ashley." she said, then handed the game over to Shelley, and a drink to each of us.

I saw a look of hurt come across Marly's face, she had not been called. Janet saw it too, saying only "Don't worry, sweetie. You'll be taken care of."

"It looks like the same thing as them" Shelley said, then added, "Where's my blindfold? That looked like fun!"

The device went around to each player, I received it last, reading "Remove Ashley's top and shorts", followed by the additional instructions and limitations that had been read earlier.

As before, the women's eyes were covered first, then the men's. When I reached over to find Ashley's lips, I could easily hear her sister let out a very pointed "huff". No matter though, we had all agreed to do what we were told. Apparently when I told the game to keep me away from Ashley, it had not paid attention.

The young girl before me WAS a good kisser, and I spent a while enjoying that before I realized that I had two articles of clothing to remove, and possibly a great deal of exposed skin to rub in a scant three minutes.

Ashley had spent her time with the buttons on my shirt while I was lost tasting her mouth, but she finally got it off without too much trouble. Her hands were warm and smooth on my skin as they caressed me, squeezing into my back and pulling herself forward as she did so. This made it a bit harder to get her shirt off, but after I did so, she pressed in even harder. Her shorts came off easily, even with her hugging me so tightly.

I was a bit saddened that she was not completely undressed like Janet, but while pulling her shorts over her feet it occurred to me that I was not feeling a bra rubbing against me, I was feeling bare skin.

I just couldn't seem to help it, and the three shots of tequila didn't help me to resist the urge. The girl had tiny breasts much like Heather, her large, puffy nipples covering most of the raised mounds. I had often enjoyed rubbing and playing with similar nipples on my ex-girlfriend, and without thinking, I fell back into the habit.

I love large breasts too, but sometimes small is much more arousing. As my hands traveled across the girl's young body, they kept returning to these two little tits that were tipped in soft nipples. I wished that I was allowed to kiss and suck on them, drawing their entire surface into my mouth. I imagined the taste that they would have, the soft feel of her nipples as changing they would harden inside of my mouth. Perhaps because she had just watched her boyfriend mauling Janet's chest, Ashley did not struggle, only encouraging me to continue my attentions.

Her breath grew uneven as my hands concentrated on her tits, squeezing the big nipples until they grew to more than an inch long and hard as rocks. As these lifted straight out and contracted, her mounds shrunk down even smaller, the remaining skin of each being stretched tightly across more surface than it normally covered.

My desire to be sucking on those long, stiff nipples tipping her tiny breasts, my need to suck on something, came across in our kiss. Our tongues chased one other through first one mouth, then the other, and it seemed as if we had both forgotten about the rest of the world, forgotten even about the rest of the people on the boat.

I just could not leave her chest alone. Again and again I forced my hand to wander across to other parts, her back, her shoulders, her hips, the soft cheeks of the full, round, ass that pushed their way out of her underwear, but each time I returned to the same place, desiring only to be playing with her soft bumps and hard tips.

Ashley, the receiver of my attentions, seemed to be as lost as I. Her soft warm hands wandered across my body, finally breaking one of the rules of the game, sliding down inside the top of my swimsuit. Those soft, gentle hands quickly found what they were searching for, and began sliding slowly across the surface of my hardened manhood, squeezing it, sliding along its length. Her actions only made me that much harder.

We both became so lost in each other that we completely missed the three minute timer. Curt had to tap me on the shoulder, his other hand pushing between our bodies, levering us apart. I noticed with a bit of envy that one of his hands was touching one of those fabulous little tits, before I finally came back to my senses, pulling away from Ashley.

I'd thought that Marly was mad at me before, but as I shakily looked around the room at everyone else, the one person whose thoughts I really cared about wouldn't even look at me. I also noticed that Kyle's shirt was missing, and that Shelley was down to a lacy bra and panty set. Her huge dark nipples visibly strained to escape, and a noticeable damp spot could be seen on the sexy fabric between her legs.

Looking back at Ashley, she was still breathing heavily, a dreamy look on her face.

---

"Hmmm" said Janet. "Well that was certainly interesting. Let's move on now."

Turning to Marly, she said, "I promised you your turn, sweetie, so here's the game." As she handed the little box over, she reminded Marly of the rules. "Do everything it says."

Marly read the screen, and her eyes grew wide before looking up at Janet, who handed her a glass of Creme de Tequila.

"Everything" Janet repeated.

"OK" was all Marly said as she downed her drink, reached for a blindfold, then stood up and moved to a wide open area of the room before putting it on and standing still, her feet spread widely apart.

Janet then handed the game to Curt, Kyle, and Randy, letting them read what was on the screen. Each raised an eyebrow as he read, then drank the offered drink. 

"Oh, and remember everyone" Janet said, as she looked directly at me. "Hands, and mouth kissing only."

She did not give me the device. She also did not blindfold the other three men this time.

Marly had come up earlier dressed in a single piece beach dress. As each of the men leaned in and kissed her deeply on the lips, he also reached back and undid a single button on that dress. They each tasted my girlfriend twice before enough buttons had been undone for the dress to quietly drop to the floor at her feet.

I suppose that what she had worn under the dress could be termed a string bikini, but if she had worn it on many public beaches she would have risked being arrested. In every way more string than bikini, it only barely covered what lay beneath its miniscule amount of fabric.

Nothing was left to the imagination with this suit. The top, sides, and bottoms of Marly's full breasts were completely exposed, only her nipples were covered up by a small amount of sheer, see-through fabric. Her lips were also clearly visible beneath yet another tiny strip of fabric, its power to obscure completely defeated by the dampness that seemed to be flooding out of her.

Curt settled in to do the bulk of the kissing, but each man chose a portion of her body to worship, to caress. Marly's head tilted forward to meet Curt's mouth as his hands traveled up the sides of her body, across the portions of her breasts that were exposed. As just about every portion of these was exposed, there was very little that his hands could not reach. As her breasts began to move around, the tiny amount of fabric containing them gave up completely, and all in the room were now treated to the sight that I so wished only for myself. Once exposed to the open air, Marly pulled him in closer, pushing her bare, stiff nipples into his chest, moving her body so that they rubbed slowly across his.

Kyle and Randy had each chosen to work on Marly's legs, thighs, and the cheeks of her butt that were fully exposed, the only fabric being the tiny string of the thong that she wore. Looking into my face with a defiant look on his before turning to closely look upon Marly's barely covered assets, Randy's hands caressed my girlfriend's rounded ass much as I had done with his. I could only watch as all three men pleasured the woman I loved.

Each kneeling down beside and behind her, their hands traveled along her thighs, reaching up across her flat stomach, the fabric that was covering her began to slip between her slickened lips, sinking ever inward until both men were now rubbing one lip on each side between their fingers.

Randy had missed out on his opportunity with Janet, he appeared determined not to miss out this time. Sliding his fingers across the slick surface of one lip, still following the one rule that his girlfriend had broken with me, his fingers traveled along its edge, picking up more of the liquid that was pouring out of her each time they reached that end of the trip. Each time his fingers moved down they reached that point, allowing more of her liquid to escape, the fabric covering her slid deeper inside, allowing ever more for his fingers to do so as well.
