 The three of us fall asleep on Kelly’s bed. I am in the middle and you and her are on each side of me. Your head is on my chest and I love sleeping that way with two beautiful women wrapped around me.

A few hours later I wake up. I look over at you and cant help but think how beautiful you are. You are the most beautiful woman that I have ever been with. Then I look over at Kelly and see that she is beautiful too and think about how lucky I am to have this with both of you.

I want you and Kelly to have a good wake up so I start to slowly lick your pussy and you begin to wake up. Then as I start to eat your pussy I take my hand and slowly start to finger Kelly’s pussy. She begins to wake up as well. Then you reach over and start kissing Kelly and she wakes up even more. As she wakes up you continue to kiss her then you start to suck her breasts. Taking her nipple in your mouth and gently biting it as I lick your pussy and finger hers. 

Kelly begins to moan. The more she moans the faster I lick your pussy and finger hers. Then both of you explode in orgasm. With your pussy juice all over my mouth I start to kiss Kelly. You watch us kiss, my tongue dancing with her tongue. Kelly tastes your pussy and my mouth at the same time.

Kelly and I kiss for a few minutes as you watch, then she gets up and tells us that she will make us some breakfast and for us to enjoy each other while she is gone. As Kelly walks out of the room totally naked we both watch her ass walk away. Then I turn to you and start to kiss you, and then I suck on your breasts. My finger works its way down to your pussy. Once my finger is there you tell me you want my cock in your pussy. I tell you I want that too but I want you on top. I want you to fuck me Diane. You climb on top and start to fuck me.

I love it when you fuck me, watching my cock go in and out of your pussy. You are fucking me so hard. Just as I am about to come I look over and see that Kelly is watching us and she is still naked. You see her too and that makes you fuck me that much harder. Kelly has brought us a plate of fruit for breakfast but she puts it down. She lies next to us and says, “Fuck him Diane, and fuck him hard!” This excites both of us even more so we continue to fuck even harder as Kelly watches us. She reaches over and plays with your clit as you fuck me. I come in you filling your pussy with my come.

Kelly then pushes me aside and starts to suck my come out of your pussy. As she eats your pussy I go to her ass and start to rub it. She moans, and then I start to lick it. I am French kissing her asshole as she sucks on your pussy and clit. While she continues to eat your pussy I slide my cock up her ass, fucking her. My cock feels so good up her ass. I am able to fuck her ass and watch her eat your pussy at the same time.

She brings you to orgasm with her tongue, and then I want to kiss you, tasting her pussy and you at the same time. I kiss you as Kelly watches us. She watches us kiss for a while and then asks us “Who is ready for breakfast?”

Kelly has brought us a platter of fruit. It has grapes, watermelon, cantaloupe, etc. The three of us dive in and eat. We have worked up quite an appetite in the past few hours. The three of us eat our fruit for a while then I get an idea. I take a piece of fruit and rub it across your pussy then Kelly’s then I eat it. Both of you love the feeling of the cold piece for fruit rubbing your pussy. Then I take a piece of fruit and rub in on your pussy and feed it to Kelly. She eats it and tells me how good it tastes. Then I take another piece of fruit and rub it on your pussy and feed it to you.

Then Kelly starts to kiss you Diane. I love watching you kiss her. As she kisses you she takes her hand and plays with your breasts, pinching your nipples then makes her way down to your pussy. I am watching you and her together and loving every minute of it.

As she kisses and licks your pussy I am stroking my cock. I stroke it till I come all over her ass. I want me and you to suck my come off of her ass together. As we lick her ass and taste my come both of us work our way with our fingers to her pussy. We both lick her great ass licking my come off of them and then start to kiss sharing my come with each other. 

Then you tell me you want to watch me fuck Kelly. I am more than ready. I tell Kelly to lie down on her stomach. I want to fuck her doggy style. I slip my cock into her very wet cunt. I am fucking her as hard as I can. As I fuck Kelly you start to finger and lick my ass, which makes me fuck Kelly even harder and harder. Soon I explode in her, filling her cunt with my come. I ask you to eat her pussy for me and you do. I watch you as your suck and lick on her cunt, tasting my come and her pussy together. 

I love watching you eat her pussy and wonder what we will do next. Watching you eat her pussy makes my dick grow hard again. I want you and her to suck my cock at the same time. Both of you suck my cock; you trade licks of my cock with kissing and licking each other. To be continued.