 All Characters Are 18 Years or Older. Grace, Ryan, Wyatt, Quinn

The car was hot, but thankfully the ride out to the beach house was almost over. Grace squirmed in the back seat, trying to unstick her legs from the leather cushion, knowing full well that as soon as she did, they would stick in place again a second later.

Grace had chosen to wear the shortest pair of jean shorts that she owned, along with a loose fitting black halter top. With long athletic legs that ended in a round, supple ass, and D-cup breasts that had the perkiness expected of a 19-year-old, Grace was a knock out. Her blonde hair grew to the middle of her back, and her green eyes reflected the colour of envy, seen on the faces of just about every girl in her school. Standing at 5'6, Grace had drawn the attention of every man with a pulse but had decided on Wyatt.

For his part, Wyatt wasn't the captain of the football team, but he wasn't fat either. Wyatt had a firm build, with visible definition and stood at just over 6 feet tall. His grey eyes always stilled Grace's heart whenever she caught herself looking deeply into them. However, it wasn't his looks that caught Grace's attention, it was his entire demeanor. Wyatt had a relaxed calm about him, that exuded power in any situation. He did not feel the need to prove himself against other men, instead he maintained a singularly imposing presence that spoke volumes about the true strength of the man.

Sitting next to him was Ryan, Quinn's boyfriend. He was slimmer than Wyatt, and had a more defined body, but was ultimately smaller in both stature and presence. He stood at exactly 6 feet tall, with brown hair and brown eyes. He was the joker of the group. All four of them knew that he joked to deal with his abusive cunt of a stepfather, Dylan, but it was an unspoken agreement that the 'Dylan situation' as they had called it, was better left undiscussed, at least until Ryan could move into a dorm at college that year. Grace always liked Ryan, and thought of him as a big softy who could no more hurt a fly, than he could walk on water. But at this exact moment, she just wanted him to show a little back bone.

"Can we PLEASE put the top down?" Grace asked, as she felt a bead of sweat roll down her neck.

"We're almost there, whiner." Ryan teased from behind the wheel.

"I don't see the point in having a convertible if you never put the top down. Instead of the wind blowing through my hair I'm stuck roasting alive in here."

"Grace, you know the convertible is Ryan's stepdad's. If anything is out of order when we get it back I doubt we would be allowed to use it or the beach house ever again." Wyatt said.

Normally, his level-headed tone would have been enough to cease her protests, but as another drop of sweat rolled down between her breasts, and for the hundredth time she unstuck her legs from the seat, Grace wasn't about to give up on that cool ocean air.

"I understand that Dylan is a small-dicked, asshole that can only get it up to hump the tailpipe of this car, but the convertible is made to have the top down. How can putting it down in the proper way possibly fuck it up?"

"No, Grace," the boys said, almost in unison.

Grace looked over to Quinn for support, but her friend was dead asleep with her feet tucked up on the seat. Grace rolled her eyes and slumped back in the chair. Looking down she was happy that she had not worn white as it would have been practically see through by now. Heaving a small sigh of frustration, she looked back to her friend curled up on the seat.

How could Quinn possibly sleep in this heat? What's more, it didn't seem as though she was having any issues staying asleep, as though she were tucked in at home instead of scrunched up in the back of an old convertible with no air conditioning, and a stubborn driver. But Quinn had always been comfortable wherever she went, no matter the situation.

On one occasion, Grace had come home late from school and found Quinn almost fully naked, laying lazily on her bed. Only a pair of panties showed any sense of modesty, though Grace doubted that they had been left on purposely. It was more likely that Quinn had gotten distracted by a text mid-way through stripping down and abandoned the task once she had found a comfortable spot on the bed. When Grace walked in, Quinn had simply sat up, with her small, perky breasts bare for anyone who happened past to see, and said, "I was waiting a while, and the clothes were just so uncomfortable, so..."

Grace was used to her friend trailing off when she didn't have a socially acceptable explanation for her actions, so she knew not to expect anything more. Besides, Grace didn't mind the view. At 19 years old, Quinn was short at 5'2. She had a petite, tight build, with B cup breasts, and a firm ass that was to die for. While Quinn didn't need to work out to maintain a slim figure, she went at least 3 times a week to keep the assets that she prided herself on having: a tight stomach, and an ass that begged every male, and almost every female to stare as she walked past. To tie it all together, Quinn had a set of blue eyes that mirrored the ocean, and fine black hair that hung to her hips. In contrast, her skin was ivory, and her pert lips were reminiscent of snow white's own ruby red lips. In every way, Quinn's figure was the most appealing Grace had ever seen.

So, when her friend casually passed out in the car, Grace wasn't surprised to see through the leg hole of her shorts that Quinn had decided against panties. The sight immediately made Grace wet, and her heart beat sped up rapidly. Checking first, that the boys were still involved in their conversation, Grace slowly reached over and pulled the shorts to the side, revealing Quinn's bare little pussy. Grace's fingers slid gently along the lips of Quinn's vagina, feeling the moisture that had gathered there, either from the heat, or from a particularly erotic dream. Grace began moving more purposefully, stroking with her fingers, lightly, up and down her friend's slit, allowing her finger to slip just inside every so often.

With no movement from Quinn, each stroke made Grace more and more daring, stopping her ministrations multiple times to suck the fluid off her fingers, before returning to her friend's body. The tip of her index finger lightly caressed Quinn's clit, causing the sleeping girl to moan quietly, and prompting Grace to check the boys once more before Grace slid one finger deep into Quinn's pussy, while using her other hand to start slowly rubbing her own clit through her shorts. The feeling was like warm silk, and the rhythm of gently fingering her friend's bald pussy synced with her own personal massage, so that when she felt Quinn's muscles contract around her finger it set off Grace's own shaking orgasm.

Biting her lip to stifle any sounds that could give her away, she rode out the powerful waves of ecstasy until they subsided. Grace slowly removed her finger from Quinn's pussy, and tried to straighten Quinn's shorts as best as possible without drawing too much attention, when suddenly the car came to a stop. Grace looked to the front quickly, as she gave one last tug on Quinn's shorts, but it seemed as though the boys had not noticed anything. Rather, they had finally arrived at their destination.

Throwing open the door, Grace leapt out of the car, reveling in the fresh air as the light breeze cooled her hot skin. The boys got out slower and began unpacking the trunk. Quinn yawned once, rolled onto all fours on the seat, and stretched with her perfect ass stuck out towards Grace. Grace couldn't help but stare at her friend but blanched quickly when she noticed Quinn looking at her with a casually deviant smile.

"I figured that I owed you a bit of a show after the way you got me off on the way here," Quinn said, as she winked at Grace, "We'll have to do that again while we are here...or maybe more?"

Quinn didn't wait for an answer as she finished her stretch and crawled languidly from the vehicle, before following Ryan and Wyatt into the house. Grace just stared after her, growing more excited by the second.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Wyatt couldn't believe what he had seen, but he was almost 100% sure that Ryan had not noticed. Seeing his girlfriend fingering her best friend to climax was almost too much. When they arrived, Wyatt had to quickly avert his eyes from the rearview mirror and adjust his shorts before getting out. Even now he was having issues calming down enough to be presentable. Luckily, carrying the food, and luggage from the trunk of the car into the beach house gave him the perfect cover for his erection.

Sitting the food and booze down on the kitchen counter, Wyatt grabbed his and Grace's luggage and headed to the back bedroom. It was a large room, fully furnished, with a king size bed, and a gratuitous en suite. Wyatt stripped down quickly, leaving his clothes on the floor of the bedroom before grabbing a towel and heading into the shower.

He turned the shower on and felt the hot water cascading down over his shoulders and chest, helping him to calm down. But just as he thought that he had a handle on it, the image of Grace's finger buried in Quinn's sweet little cunt flashed through his mind, and he grabbed his throbbing member, pumping it a few times at first, before settling into his usual pattern. Grabbing the soap for added lubrication he stopped trying to forget what he had seen, and instead actively attempted to recall every little detail he could as he continued to jerk himself off.

KNOCK! KNOCK! KNOCK!

The noise at the door startled him, and he turned away in an attempt to hide his erect cock just as the door opened. Through the glass door and the steam Wyatt could tell that Grace was the one who had come into the bathroom. She walked slowly over to the shower, dropped the towel that she had around her, opened the glass door and slipped inside. Wyatt kept himself turned away, hoping that his dick would calm down enough that he could make up some excuse, but before he had a chance Grace slid her arm around him, and down to grip his hard penis in her little hand.

"Did the car ride make you a little horny?" Grace asked innocently.

Wyatt gulped slightly, "Uhm, yea, sitting there for that long with you out of reach was too much to begin with, but then you went and wore those shorts...it was just too much for me."

Grace smiled as she slowly stroked his cock and moved so that her breasts were pushed up against Wyatt's back as the water ran down between them. "I know what you mean, I was so hot in that car all I wanted to do was rip my clothes off just to cool down."

Wyatt chuckled slightly, "Yea, and sitting next to Quinn the way that she was dressed today probably didn't help with the heat."

Grace stopped stroking him and took a step back. The absence of her hand turned Wyatt around to see what had happened. Grace's smile had slipped from her face, and she was giving him a somewhat embarrassed look as she asked, "Did you see what I did in the back seat of the car?"

Wyatt tried to play dumb, "Uhhh, what do you mean?"

"Wyatt, did you see me rubbing my pussy, and-and fingering Quinn?"

He hesitated just slightly, but Grace caught the slip up, "I knew I shouldn't have done something like that. Ugh! It was just so hot, and her shorts were sliding out of place, and I was so frustrated and horny stuck in the backseat like that."

Grace made a move to exit the shower, but Wyatt quickly wrapped an arm around her waist and pulled her to him, "Grace, you don't need to be embarrassed. It was one of the sexiest thing I have ever seen you do. And if I am being honest, Quinn is a fucking smoke show. If you were going to play around with any girl, I doubt you could have made a better choice. Besides, it wasn't like she knew what you were doing."

Grace reddened at the last sentence, "Um, actually..."

Wyatt couldn't believe what he was hearing, "She knew? So, you girls do things like this often?"

"No, no, we don't usually do anything like this. I didn't know that she was awake until she told me when we were getting out of the car."

"Oh, so was she pissed?"

"Hah! You've felt my hand on your cock, so you can imagine how much better I am when I am using my fingers on a pussy. Trust me, she wasn't even close to pissed. In fact, I think she wants to do more..." Grace trailed off at the end of the sentence. Part of her wanted to share everything with Wyatt, but another, more selfish part of her, wanted to keep her playtime with Quinn all to herself.

Wyatt smiled and took the hint, and wrapped his other arm around her, pulling her tightly against him. His stiff cock slipped in between her wet ass cheeks, and his hand moved slowly up her torso, tracing up and across the bottom of her rib cage. He let his fingers gently move closer and closer to her chest, teasing her, until his hand cupped her firm breast. "Well, either way, I haven't been able to get the image of you fingering Quinn out of my head, and I don't think I can go out there until this has been dealt with," he said, rubbing the swollen head of his penis up and down the crack of Grace's ass.

Grace lifted her right arm, and gently pulled Wyatt's head down to her own, as she turned her face to meet his. Their lips entwined as she kissed him hard and passionately. Wyatt's hand gripped tighter on her chest, his fingers lightly pinching and teasing her nipple, while his other hand slid down her body. Keeping a light pressure all the way down from her ribs into her sparse pubic hair, Wyatt's skillful fingers were tantalizing, as they toyed with her. By the time he reached her dripping pussy Grace was thrusting back into his cock, begging for relief.

Wyatt's fingers circled her clit, lightly dancing to a pattern of his own creation that drove Grace crazy. As she bucked back against him, Wyatt's other hand stopped massaging her breast and entangled itself in her hair, putting a slight amount of pressure on Grace, encouraging her to bend forward just enough for his cock to slide into her waiting vagina.

As Grace felt its length drive into her, she gasped audibly. No matter how many times Wyatt fucked her, she always loved the first time he entered her. Wyatt kept his hand wrapped in her hair, pulling just enough to let her know that he was in control, while his other hand continued rubbing her clit as he pulled his cock back out.

Grace whined, "Nooo, please. Please put it back. Fuck me. Fuck me, Wyatt."

Wyatt grinned, he loved to hear her beg for his dick, and gladly plunged back into her. True to her request Wyatt began fucking Grace's tight pussy hard. With each thrust Grace moaned louder and louder until she was screaming. Wyatt pulled her back slightly so that he could see her face as her eyes rolled back into her head from the pleasure. Spurned on by her reaction, Wyatt gripped her tighter, lightly biting her neck as he fucked her. As the first impact of his teeth on her neck occurred Grace nearly collapsed in ecstasy. Wyatt held her as he fucked her from behind, water slowly turning from hot to lukewarm.

Deciding that they didn't need to be freezing cold, Wyatt pulled his cock out of Grace's pussy, turned her towards him, and picked her up, hands gripping her ass cheeks tightly. Grace didn't miss a step, immediately she began kissing him, as her hands grabbed his head, his neck, and his face. Wyatt made his way to the bed, laying Grace down on her back. He stepped back for one moment to admire his beautiful girlfriend, before sinking his cock into her waiting cunt. Grace screamed in pleasure, pulling Wyatt down to kiss her as he fucked her.

Wyatt broke off their kiss to take her nipple into his mouth. Slowly, Wyatt alternated between flicking her nipple with his tongue and nibbling lightly. His hand gently pinched and teased her other breast, while he continued fucking her tight pussy. Grace was loving every second of this pleasure and moved her legs to rest on Wyatt's shoulders so that he could thrust further inside her. Grace's hands held his head tight to her breast, preventing him from doing anything but pleasuring her.

Harder and faster he drove into her pussy, "Oh, fuck! It's so fucking deep!", Grace screamed as she felt her vagina muscles begin to contract and her orgasm building a climax. "Don't stop! Don't Stop! Fuck me! OH MY GOD! FUUUUCK MEEE!!!"

Wyatt didn't need to be told, he continued fucking her hard, and as he pussy clenched around his cock his own orgasm built to a breaking point. Grabbing her legs and pulling her tight against him, so his cock was buried as far into Grace as was possible, he thrust once more and felt Grace's orgasm just as he came deep inside her. Wyatt held her there until they were both spent before pulling out of her and collapsing on the bed beside her.

Grace rolled over slowly, and gently kissed his chest, "That was fucking amazing."

Just then the door creaked open and Quinn stood there with a smirk, "Well, from what I can see," she said, motioning to Wyatt, "I can understand all the screaming." Quinn winked once, before leaving the room, closing the door behind her.

Wyatt just stared at the door for a second before turning to Grace, "I know she is your play thing, but if you ever feel like sharing...", he trailed off.

Grace smiled back, "We'll see."