 You and I decided to throw caution to the wind and have visit Capd'Adge, with its famous nude beaches, where anything goes.

The first day, scared, but figuring nobody would ever know who we were, we lathered up with sunscreen and hit the nude beach around 2 PM, after the worst of the sunrays were over. We were both on our backs, up on bent elbows, to survey the scene.

People were kissing and nuzzling and touching each other all over, up and down the beach, as we'd been told we'd find. In about 15 minutes, it was as if a thick, languid wave of pure lust started rolling down the beach, from one end to the other. 

The kissing and fondling gave way to full-out sex of all kinds. It was beyond wild. We knew from reading about it but it was nothing like actually experiencing it.

Caught up in this palpable tsunami, I pushed you down on your back, and knelt over your face. You gave me a wicked smile, and with one hand, spread me open, while with the other hand, you pulled me down on your mouth. The long, slow, lapping of your tongue on my pussy made me groan and undulate with pleasure, multiplied by not only being outdoors, but in full view of hundreds of people!

I reached back and found your hard, thick cock, and began pulling it, although it was not easy to keep up a steady rhythm due to my concentration being messed with my your talented tongue. This was blowing my mind! Our fantasy come to life!

After a bit, I felt my hand being pushed aside. I turned my head to see who did it, and to my amazement, a gorgeous dark-haired woman had knelt on all fours between your legs, ass in the air, and began sucking your cock. Your eyes widened, and with a smile, I lifted up off your mouth, so you could get a glimpse between my legs of the lovely creature who was ministering to you with her mouth. I quickly grabbed the base of your cock and squeezed to keep you from losing it.

She understood and replaced my hand with her own. I actually had a quick little earthquake of a come just watching her glide up and down your shaft.

"Wowwwwwwww!" you uttered, and pulled me back down on your mouth, and as your tongue fluttered over my petals and clit once again, I moaned and oh'd and ah'd, my eyes alternating between open and closed in my ecstasy.

It was during an open-eyes moment that I saw him -tall, dark, Mediterranean-looking. He could have been the twin brother of the one sucking you. Maybe he was! But he was standing behind your head, facing me, stroking his long, rose-dark, uncut cock with his eyes locked on my face. I was transfixed! 

I watched him slowly stroke that beautiful rod, the foreskin covering and revealing his swollen head. I felt a gush of pussy juice come down on your mouth, and saw your eyes looking up at him also. 

I looked down at you and you gave me a quick nod. I reached forward and took his dick in my hands, masturbating him slowly as he'd been doing. I was quivering and shaking on your mouth - this was just overloading all my sensoria! You kept your mouth on my pussy but quit moving - I guess you were experiencing sensory overload as well! 

I looked around and saw a group of people gathering around us, standing, kneeling but still groping and feeling each other, as if feeding off the lustful energy our menage a quatre was making.

Overcome with lust, I took TDAH (tall, dark and handsome) into my mouth. He tasted so good! Mimicking what I imagined TDAB (tall dark and beautiful) was doing to you, I flicked my tongue all over the head of his cock. I tickled the frenulum underneath it to the sound of his moans. I began taking more and more of him into my mouth, pulling back with a tight suck, and plunging back onto his shaft. 

I heard a moan behind me, and omigod! A stocky, blond Scandinavian was playing with the pussy of TDAB with his hand. And then, he pushed his stout, pink cock into her, while she shuddered and cried out in pleasure. After they got their rhythm going, she went back to sucking you, although I must give her props for being able to do that given all the attention being given to her pussy. 

So here's the scene - I'm sitting on your face, sucking a handsome stranger's cock, your cock is being sucked by a beautiful stranger while she in turn is being fucked as well. How I was still conscious and functioning, I had no idea! 

Just when I thought nothing could get crazier, two women, one blond and one black, walked up to my left and my right, fingering their pussies. I took my mouth off TDAH for a moment to watch this sight. 

You looked up and saw this as well, your face slick with my juices. Without even thinking, I grabbed your hands and placed them on their pussies and nodded to you to play away. 

I watched as your fingers slipped up and down the lovely pink petals on my left, and the dark purple ones on my right. I admired your concentrative abilities as well, as I looked back and saw that your cock was still being held in her mouth, although not moving.

My hand slipped down to my pussy and I began fingering myself while you watched back and forth to each woman, as your fingers pleasured them so.

They had reached across and were playing with one of the other's breasts, and had reached down and were playing with my nipples as> well!! It was a full on menage a sept, something I never had though physically possible, yet here it was, in all its depraved glory!!

And then the dominoes began to fall.

TDAH was jerking himself fast and furious in my direction. I pointed to my breasts, indicating that this is where he was to cum. 

You had your fingers deep inside the women standing on either side of me, slapping your palms against their pussies more quickly, driving your fingers into their slick, sloppy cunts. 

My hands were flicking my clit and fucking my cunny and as I began to moan with my impending orgasm.

The blond and the African beauties screamed, grabbed your hands and pressed them against their sex, quivering and bucking, coming with a fury. and then crumpled down to the sand. 

Seeing this, TDAH gave a few fast jerks, and spewed his cream in ropes all over my breasts.

I looked down at them with amazement, still quivering from my own coming.

And then I heard you growl and bellow. I quickly looked back as I saw her sucking furiously, and then she took her mouth off you, massaging your balls, as you released your load in arcs into the air, the streams falling back upon your stomach.

She screamed as Blond and Stocky slammed into her for his few final times, climaxing with a yell, as she collapsed on your prone figure.

He pulled out, still spurting, and dropped to his knees in the sand. 

Everything was still except for all our heavy breathing and gasping and moans.

Then it began... one set of palms clapping together, then another joining it, and another. Then a whole ring of people, must have been ten deep, applauding, then whooping and hollering and yelling for what must have been the most amazing thing they'd seen on that beach in years.