 Chapter 8 (The Cove)

As Freddie got us under way, the rest of the group gathered in the salon with their overnight bags, looking to me for instructions. "The cabins are below," I told them, "through the galley and down the stairs. I realize that where I put you may not be where you end up." I received laughs in response to that. "Aft cabin is mine, and..." looking at Marly, I said "Marly's." She nodded to me, then hugged my arm. "Curt and Shelley, take the fore cabin. Freddie stays in the center, with..." Taking a quarter from my pocket, I said "Call it, Kyle!"

"Heads!" he shouted.

"Tails!" I said. "Looks like you're bunking with us." Marly blushed beside me, but her grip on my arm became very tight, and I heard a low growl. "Janet, looks like you're with Freddie. Just put your stuff in the rooms for now guys, and get comfortable. I'll get you all drinks."

As they made their way below to stow their gear, I went over to the bar, spending my time mixing the various drinks they had requested. For me, it was finally time to get that huge shot of alcohol I had been looking for after reading Heather's letter. I made my drink first, drank some while working on the others, then went back and topped it off when I was done.

The three ladies all came up dressed to lie out on the deck. Even Shelley had chosen to be more revealing in her garb today than yesterday, maybe because she wasn't going to be next to a couple of eighteen year-olds this time. Janet's large tits were threatening the fabric of her bright red swimsuit top, Marly had on a skimpy silver suit, with a tube top that showed off her smaller breasts quite nicely. The three grabbed their drinks, then went out onto the sun pad and settled in for a while.

Curt and Kyle had found the DVR, and were settling into a recording that Freddie had made of a women's world beach volleyball tournament. They seemed fairly knowledgeable of the game, commenting on the plays almost as much as on the scantily clad players. Careful to keep them separate, I took two tall glasses of iced tea topside. One had a shot of alcohol, the other with a lot more alcohol than tea.

Freddie had worn a thin sundress on her shopping spree with Marly, as I emerged from the front stairwell, the angle of the sun showed me that this was all that she was wearing. She noticed me looking, but said nothing, accepting the tall iced tea I handed over to her, saying "Thanks! It was getting a bit hot up here.

"Is everyone getting settled in?"

"I put Janet in your cabin." I said. "I hope that's OK."

She took a long drink of her tea, staring at me over the top of the glass. "Do you really expect these people to sleep where you tell them to?" she asked.

"No." I admitted. "It's just where they'll park their bags."

I sat down, watching her as she monitored the boat, hers as much as mine. I could tell that it was running on autopilot right now, so she wasn't exactly being strained. "Do you like my new dress?" she asked, twirling around after noticing that my attention was riveted on it. As she twirled, the bottom hem rose dangerously high. "My boss bought it for me."

I smiled and nodded, admiring the dress, as well as what was very visible underneath it. "He must think highly of you."

"Oh, he does." she said. "I just wish he would give me more in benefits." We looked at each other, both knowing what she meant, neither saying it out loud. 

"Marly's a nice girl." she said finally, looking out the windshield at the trio on the sun pad in front of us. "I like her a lot." I nodded again, admiring the three women soaking up the sun's heat.

"You're not going to hurt her, are you Jack?" she asked. "She's not just a convenient replacement for Heather, or a case of you taking advantage of the house rules?"

The question had already crossed my mind, so it wasn't a new subject for me. "No." I said, staring at the horizon. "I was interested in Marly before I knew anything about this place, and before the note. I think it may be why Heather chose to leave when she did, because she thought I could survive it now."

"And how does she feel about you?" Freddie asked. "I heard you saying some rather interesting things back in the room earlier." 

I looked back at her. "We all did." she said, in reply to my unasked question.

"I honestly don't know yet." I said, watching the subject of our conversation as she turned onto her back in the sun. "It's weird. I mainly just want to make her happy, whatever that takes. I've never felt that way before, not even with Heather."

"Kyle IS young." she said, pointing out the obvious. "And he has certain... "other" attributes that we women find useful in a guy." 

"You, on the other hand," she went on, "are older, wiser, kinder, and definitely richer. And, if what I've heard from ALL of the other women here is true, MUCH more considerate." She took another sip of iced tea, looking at me. "Not that I have any first-hand experience in that area, of course."

By that time, I had drained my entire large glass of "iced tea", and my head was beginning to spin. Perhaps I should not have poured quite so much alcohol into the mix, considering that I had eaten nothing today. The heat of the day was not helping either. My head buzzing, I sat down on one of the soft chairs, only half listening to what Freddie was saying. She began talking about her shopping spree with Marly.

I was finally able to shake my head clear, but decided to stay sitting for the time being. Freddie was quiet, standing in front of me and examining me closely. The sun was directly behind her, outlining her form in shadows beneath the fabric of her dress. 

Satisfied that I was going to be all right, she dropped what might seem to be an innocent question on me. "What do you think when you look at me, Jack?"

I looked for my glass, now empty, so that I could take a pause before answering. "Well, I see a good friend..." she nodded slowly. 

"And of course, the pilot of my boats..." her eyes narrowed slightly. "That's not all of course." I said quickly.

"I don't know, Freddie!" I finally blurted out. "I mostly see you as one of the guys!"

I knew that it was the wrong answer as soon as it came out. Freddie stood there, looking at me coldly.

"One of the guys?" she said, quietly.

"Um..." I said. Boy, that made it all better.

She cocked her head to the side, now looking at me as if I were a bug. "So, I'm one of the guys. You go to the gym, with the guys, right Jack?" she asked quietly.

"Yeah..." I answered tentatively.

"And after you do whatever you go there for, you go into the locker room, right Jack?" she continued, still looking straight into my eyes.

"Yeah..." I said.

"So. When you, and 'the guys' take showers..." she said, crossing her arms in front of herself, grabbing the shoulder straps of her sun dress. "Do any of them look like this?"

Pulling the straps off her shoulders and letting go, the dress fell to the deck in a pool of fabric. Just as I thought, the dress was all that she had been wearing.

Freddie moved closer toward me, using her hands to cup her perfect breasts. "Do any of them have these, Jack?" she asked, rubbing her hands around each globe, tweaking the nipples gently. 

"Do they let you look at them, rub them, even suck them if you wanted to?" She reached down, lifting my hands up so that they were now cupping her full breasts.

While I began to knead her tits, she moved her hands down her body, finally running a finger along each side of her slit. "Do they have one of these, Jack?" One finger traced its way back between her lips, collecting a coating of her juices, brushing her clit as it came back forward.

She lifted her wet finger to my open mouth, rubbing it across my tongue. "Would they taste like that, Jack?" she asked.

Keeping one finger on and in her pussy, rubbing it back and forth between her lips, her other hand rose back up to one breast, leaning towards me at the same time.

"Do any of the guys ever let you suck on their tits, Jack?" she asked. "Would you do it if you could?" Leaning forward so that her nipple was before my lips, she brushed its hard tip across them.

I'm just a guy, and I can only avoid my natural tendencies for so long. Reaching one of my hands around her, behind her, I cupped her ass, kneading its smooth surface, then moved my head forward and sucked in her offered nipple.

"Mmmm." she moaned. "That feels so good."

"Tell me that you do this with all the guys" she said, a finger on her lower hand now strumming her clit like a banjo string. As my hand continued rubbing her cheeks, I began to work my fingers forward, until they rested at the entrance to her opening, soaking wet, just inside of her lips. I moved my hand all over her ass and along the edge of her lips, eliciting appreciative groans.

Pulling her upper body away from me, Freddie fed me her other nipple, this time with a command. "Bite down on it, Jack." she said. "Make me know what your mouth feels like."

I bit down, making sure not to bite so hard that I would draw blood. "Harder." she ordered. "I like it rough. Chew on me like you mean it."

I bit down hard enough that she jumped, then, holding the tip of her nipple between my teeth, I flicked my tongue across it, switching back to practically chewing on its rubbery surface, then to flicking it with my tongue once again.

While I was busy abusing Freddie's breast, her hand moved from her clit to my shorts, unzipping the fly and pulling them down around my knees. She grabbed my cock, pulling on its length to guarantee that it was hard and available, then she sat down on it, burying it inside of her very hot and juicy cunt in a single plunge.

She was so wet that I sunk in easily, even though she felt as tight as a vise around me. I had dreamed of being right where I was now, my shaft surrounded by her heat, her wetness. Smooth, and silky, the clinging walls of her tight channel began to glide up and down on my thirteen inch shaft, grabbing it, milking it, plunging it into her again and again.

My mind screamed at me then. "Wait a minute! Thirteen inch shaft, dude?" it said. "You're eight at best, and that would have to be on a good day."

I didn't listen. Freddie was beginning to ride my cock like I was a rodeo bull, screaming out in rapturous joy now, slamming herself fully down upon its fourteen inches... "Oh, now fuck you!" my mind yelled. "Now you're fourteen inches? Get a grip, Jack!" 

At that instant, Marly came up in front of me, peering around Freddie's shoulder. "Oh, Jack! I thought that you wanted me!" 

Kyle stood beside her, naked, his huge cock held tightly in her hand. "It's OK babe, I can take care of you just as well as he can." He pushed his finger around the edge of her swimsuit bottoms, beginning to rub it across her clit. Marly moaned deeply in response, thrusting her crotch onto his probing hand.

Shelley was next. "I'm so disappointed in you, Jack. You know that we talked about this last night. Now, you stop fucking your employee right away!" 

Then, Janet. "You promised me a ride some time this weekend, Jack. When do I get my ride, pony boy?" 

Marly began to pant, then loudly scream, now on her hands and knees, with Kyle pounding into her from behind. Freddie's screaming voice continued to rise, her panting breath sounding like the exhaust of a steam engine, thumping out a regular rhythm.

Finally, it was Curt's turn. "How are you going to take care of my wife if you're off poking every other woman that comes your way?" 

Marly kept up her moaning, and Kyle his thrusting, each of the others telling how disappointed they were in me, blending into a single, confusing voice, while Freddy continued to ride me, raising her tight cunt up and down along me, finally crying out in release....

I jolted myself awake suddenly, taking a huge breath as I did so. At some point while I slept, Freddie had in fact taken off the sun dress, but instead of being naked, she was now dressed in a tiny bikini that flattered her lines quite nicely.

"Did you have a nice nap?" she asked, looking at me. "I know that guys get bored with shopping, but I don't think one has ever fallen asleep just because I was talking about it before."

"Sorry" I said. "I had quite a bit to drink, and nothing to eat. Add in the sun..."

"And of course, the boring topic of conversation" she said. "I get it!"

So, none of it had really happened. At least, I didn't think that it had. I realized that I could still hear, as well as feel the steady thumping from my dream. It was coming from the deck below. "Are we having engine problems?" I asked.

"No," she answered. "The guys have found the DVD collection, and they moved on from beach volleyball to wide screen porn. I went down to get a refill." she said, holding up her glass. "And they're both down there with a glass in one hand and a cock in the other." I looked at her strangely, I didn't recall there being any porn on board.

"Hey!" she said. "Don't judge. It can get kind of lonely at sea, and in the absence of company, a girl needs a little help sometimes. Maybe you could help out a little in that department..." 

"Aw, shit" I thought. "Am I still dreaming?" Pinching myself, I decided that I was, in fact, awake.

"What time is it?" I asked.

"It's almost five." she started, just as Marly climbed up the ladder, asking "Is there anything to eat on this boat? I'm getting really hungry!"

I smiled broadly at her, glad not to see Kyle's hand, or any other part of him, inside of her swimsuit.

"I woke up, and I was all alone out there!" Marly said. "And, I'm starving!"

"I'll go below and get started on some dinner." I said.

"Can I help?" asked Marly. "I love to cook, and I never get to do it for anyone but myself! And did I mention before how hungry I am?"

I laughed, grabbing her hand and leading her down the steps to the galley. Behind us, Freddie lowered the boat's speed so that it would be a little more stable for cooking. Looking back at her, she said "We're at least thirty minutes ahead of schedule. Call me when the food's ready, I can drop us down to a steady wallow and join you guys."

---

The porn movie music got louder as we descended into the galley. Looking into the parlor, I noticed that it wasn't just Curt and Kyle watching the video now, Janet and Shelley had joined in, sitting in between the two men on the sofa. Each of the women held a cock in their hands, and in turn each guy had his hand pushed well inside their female companion's swimsuit.

Marly laughed when she saw this, saying "I guess they're all starting early!" 

We got down to the business of making dinner. I'd pretty much planned it out, so portions of the meal had been marinating since before we left, the final steps mainly consisted of some final preparation and getting things into the oven and onto the stove. I opened up some wine, and Marly poured herself a large glass, sipping it as she helped me with dinner.

While we were doing that, the movie ended. From what little dialog I had been able to make out, it had been something about a female trophy figurine that came alive on the second full moon of any month and pleasured whoever her owner or owners were all night long. She seemed to change hands fairly regularly, so quite a few of these situations had been presented. A conversation began about just what kind of contest one might be in to win such a statue, until somehow the four decided to have their own contest while waiting for dinner.

Curt seemed to be the contest planner, declaring that it would have three heats. "The first will be blow jobs." he stated. "Shelley and I are one team, Janet and Kyle the other. The women will attend to the otherteam's man. When the first man cums, that woman's team wins that heat." 

All agreed to this, asking about the next two heats.

"The second heat will be the men eating out each other's partner." he stated. "When the first woman cums, that man's team wins it." 

"Finally, heat three, the fucking heat." he went on. "If a man cums first, the woman's team wins the heat, if a woman does, the man's team does."

The rules set in place, all that was needed was a judge, and a prize.

"Marly," asked Shelley, "would you be so kind as to be our judge?" Marly looked at me, then shrugged her shoulders and agreed to assist in the contest, topping of her wine glass on her way out of the kitchen. 

"And the prize?" asked Janet.

"Ah, the prize!" said Curt. "The winners will get to pleasure our dear judge after dinner until she tells them to stop!"

It took Marly a second to realize that he was referring to her, but she raised an objection once she did. "No way!" she said. The four "players" all just looked at her, so after a pause she asked, "Don't I get a say in the prize?"

"But you do get a say, my dear girl." he answered. "Because you're the judge, you could sway the winner either way." 

"And," he went on, "later on, because you're also the prize, you get to tell them when to stop. That could be just as soon as they start, or you could make them work on you all night!"

"Oh, well in that case," Marly decided, draining her wine glass in one shot, "you're on!"

I was a little bit surprised by this. Last night, it had taken me a lot of time and work to loosen Marly up. Now, she was willing to take on either one couple or the other, based on the results of a sex contest. Her actions that followed this exchange surprised me even more.

Removing their swimsuits in unison, Janet and Shelley each got down on the floor in front of the other's "partner", pulling their swim trunks off as well. Marly quickly walked up between them, saying, "If I'm to be the judge, I need to make sure that there's no cheating. I'll need to personally inspect these two cocks before you start."

Kneeling down between the other two women, Marly first grabbed Curt's cock, examining it closely and making appreciative noises. Without warning, she ran her tongue from base to tip, then sucked the head into her mouth for a few seconds. She moved over, repeating the process with Kyle, before announcing "I declare that both of these cocks are beautiful, and ready for the competition!"

With a "ready, set go!", Janet and Shelley quickly dove for their assigned men. Janet appeared to have a bit of an advantage, as she seemed the much more experienced cock sucker between the two. For her part, Shelley was having a hard time getting enough of Kyle's big monster into her mouth. She was obviously used to Curt's cock, which, although not exactly small, was no match in size for Kyle's. She struggled on though, even as Janet began bobbing her head up and down in Curt's lap, at times taking him all the way down her throat until her lips touched his balls.

I didn't know too much about Kyle's stamina, but I did know that Shelley had told me Curt could go all night without cumming if he really wanted to. So, although her technique might have been very good, Janet had a lot of work to do.

The first heat lasted for several minutes, with Marly moving her head from one side of the sofa to the other in order to closely observe first one, then the other of the couplings up close. Occasionally, she would reach her hand in to grasp one cock or another, even sliding it up and down the hard shafts.

Finally though, Janet pulled her mouth off of Curt's cock, turning to face Marly and showing her a mouthful of cum. Shelley immediately stopped her work, apparently tired of trying to handle all of Kyle's length at once. Kyle tried to get her to continue on, saying that he was "so close". Shelley shook her head "No", refusing to finish him off.

"We have a winner!" said Marly, offering her empty wine glass to Janet, so that she could spit out Curt's seed. Instead, Janet made a big show of swishing it around in her mouth, then swallowing every drop.
