 We have looked forward to meeting for a long time Diane. You and I on the Gulf Coast of Florida. We have three days where all we have to do is sleep, eat, watch TV, and make love and we will both enjoy all three days of it. We have borrowed a fantastic beach house from friends of your Mom's and we are both excited about spending these three days together. 

The beach house is just the right size; only two bedrooms but we really only need one and we are only about 50 yards from the beach. We get there and you give me the grand tour since you have been here before and I haven't. 

I am very impressed with it and look forward to spending the next few days here with you. It is late when we get there. We start out by lying on the couch and cuddling together. You ask me would I like to take a walk on the beach together. Of course I say yes. 

We head to the beach but first you grab a blanket. I ask you what the blanket if for you and your only reply is "You will see." I take your hand and we walk down to the beach. You look so beautiful in the moonlight and I feel so lucky that I am with you tonight. 

We get down to the beach and you spread the blanket out and you invite me to join you. We lie down on the blanket and slowly start to kiss. Our tongues are dancing together, tasting each other.

I slowly start to undress you; first I remove your top and then your bra there. I gaze at your fantastic tits. I suck on them, going back and forth from nipple to nipple. Slowly sucking and biting your nipples. Then my tongue makes it way down to your tummy that I love so much.

I stop and French kiss you belly button. Then I slowly remove your shorts and panties. I keep working my way down to your beautiful shaved pussy. I kiss and lick it, teasing you. Slowly I put my tongue where you want it to be on your clit. You moan louder and louder and then come with my tongue in your pussy. You look at me with those beautiful eyes of yours and say, "Fuck me David". 

I gladly do that. I slip my big hard cock into your very wet pussy. I am fucking you as hard as I can. While I am fucking you we both hear a noise. It's a moan but we don't know where it is coming from. We both realize that someone is watching us but we don't care; we are just enjoying the sexual pleasure of the moment. Our bodies in perfect rhythm making love to each other.

We both explode in orgasm………..I reach down and suck my cum out of your wet pussy. Loving the taste of you and me together. As I do that we hear the moan again and look around but don't see anyone so we both think that we are imagining things.

Exhausted with our lovemaking we go back to the beach house and fall in to bed together and cuddle all night long. The next morning we wake up and make love again then go shopping together. You find a nice shirt that you want and of course I buy it for you. Then we come back to the beach house for lunch. I am grilling some hamburgers for the both of us when the woman next door walks up and say "Hello" to both of us.

She tells us her name is Kelly and that she is here for the weekend. I offer to throw another burger on the grill for her and she agrees. Kelly is in a bikini and both of us are looking at her admiring her. Like you she has beautiful blonde hair. She is about your height and she has these amazing legs and ass. She also has a great pair of tits that both of us cant help but noticing. I offer her a beer and she accepts.

The three of us sit there, we tell her about how we had met on ICQ and this is the first time we had met in person and she tells us that is the most romantic story she has ever heard. She tells us that looking at the way we hold and touch each other she would have thought we had been together for years. 

We all have lunch together and it is very nice. Then Kelly tells us that she has some errands to run but then she says she wants to return the meal and invites us over for dinner. We both agree when she tells us to be there at 8 pm. Then she tells us that she has a hot tub that we can enjoy together and to bring a towel. We both tell her OK and that we will see her at 8 pm.

We take the time to go back to bed together, enjoying our naked bodies together. Holding and touching and kissing and licking. Our bodies fit so well together. We make love together again and again. Then fall asleep in each other's arms.

We wake up and decide to shower together. We are washing each other. I love the feel of your naked body and the soap washing you. Then we dress and get ready to go to Kelly's. We bring our towels with us so that we can enjoy her hot tub.

We walk over to Kelly's and she greets us both with a hug. She is in shorts and a tank top and both of us notice that she in not wearing a bra. She offers us both a drink. I take a beer, you just take a soda.

Kelly tells us that dinner is running late and she suggests that we try the hot tub first. We both agree. Unexpectedly she strips off all of her clothes and jumps into the hot tub. When she sees the surprised look on our face she laughs and says "didn't I tell you that this is a naked hot tub"

We are both shocked but cant help admiring her naked body. Her clean shaved pussy, her tanned legs and flat stomach and her great ass. You look at me and smile, so I take off all of my clothes and jump in the hot tub then you do the same. The three of us are naked in the hot tub.

I see your naked body and love it so much, I start to kiss you. We kiss and rub each other as Kelly watches us. Then she surprises us both by saying "I love watching you together, I took a walk on the beach last night and watched you two make love, that I why I invited you over tonight."

She asks us to continue so that she can watch us. Both of us love the thought of someone watching us, especially some one that looks like Kelly so we go at it. Fucking and sucking each other, going at it making love getting hotter and hotter knowing that Kelly is watching us and stroking her pussy as she watches.

As we kiss Kelly moves over and starts to kiss you. I love watching you kiss another woman. At the same time both you start to play with each other nipples then down to your pussies.

Through the hot tub I watch your hand in her pussy as hers are in yours as well. I love watching you kiss her, I am stroking my cock as I watch you kiss her. She is rubbing your pussy and she must know how you love to have it rubbed coz you are moaning so loud.

As you rub each other's pussy I watch and rub my already hard cock. About that time you bring each other to orgasm rubbing each other's pussy, then I bring myself to orgasm rubbing my cock. Kelly then invites us to go into her beach house; she tells us we would be more comfortable in her bedroom. 

The three of us step out of the hot tub, I take you both by the hand and Kelly leads us into her bedroom. Once we are in the bedroom I tell you and Kelly to both lay down. My tongue goes to her pussy, my finger to your pussy. I am pleasing you both. I switch back and forth, eating her pussy fingering yours then switch to eating you and fingering her.

Then Kelly tells me that she wants to eat your pussy and I know you want the same as well. You and her switch to the 69 position. You are on top and I rub your ass, and then slowly slip my finger up your ass. I love watching two beautiful women eat each other's pussy.

You and Kelly are eating each other's pussy and I love watching it. I rub my hard cock all over your ass. Your mouth is all over her pussy, your tongue licking her clit as she moans. She is pleasing your pussy and clit as well.

Finally both of you explode in orgasm; you both look over at me and see my cock is so hard. Kelly tells you that it looks like I need to be pleased now; she starts to suck my cock and invites you to join her. You and her are sucking my cock and I love your two mouths on my cock..

You slowly slip your finger up my ass coz you know I love that so much while I am getting a blowjob. I explode in both of yours mouth. Both of you trying to get as much of my cum as you can, then you kiss each other sharing my cum with each other. I love watching you kiss her with your mouth full of my cum and her mouth full of it as well.

I don't want this night to end, and it wont Diane; this is just the first part. There will be more to come. This is only the beginning.