 Cheryl is my best friend. I love her dearly. I depend on her and trust her and would do anything for her. I share everything with her. My hopes and dreams. My Fears. My triumphs and tragedies. I even share my husband...

We started our little "situation" a few years ago. It all started over dinner and a couple bottles of wine. Cheryl had been telling us how she was having a hard time finding any good men. "Everyone I meet is a creep!" she said. "Or immature and looking for a mommy!" 

Cheryl is an independent, successful lady, 38 years old, and living on her own. "The worst part is, I find myself starting to want to take one of these guys home, just so I can get some relief. I'm so horny!!! Vibrators are great, but there's nothing like the real thing!"

Dan was a little surprised at Cheryl's comments, and she apologized quickly, "Sorry Dan, the wine is making my tongue loose." 

"It's ok Cheryl, I know all the bad words, I was just surprised with your candor, I've never seen this side of you!" he replied.

And that was how it started....

After Cheryl left, I asked Dan if he thought we should ask Cheryl to join us for some "adult fun". We had been considering a threesome for a while, and I knew and trusted Cheryl. (To be honest, I was the one "considering", Dan was all for it.)

Dan told me "If you think you would be ok with it, I'm ok with it."

I told him I would be, and why wouldn't I. Cheryl wasn't what you would call gorgeous, but she was very good looking and had loads of sex appeal. She oozed it. She wasn't too tall, about 5' 8". A bit taller then average for a woman with a slim build and long legs. Long black hair cut fashionably, just past her shoulders. A nice contrast to my dirty blonde shag cut. Cheryl had a really nice ass, and small but perky tits that suited her body shape. A good handful...and firm. I had seen them previously at the gym and had admired them from afar. I was ready to admire them from a-near!!

As I said, I am a dirty blonde (really dirty as it turns out!!) I have large breasts with long nipples that really stick out when I'm excited. I keep my pussy trimmed close with a bit of a "landing strip" at the top, and my butt is in great shape from regular exercise.

Dan is a good-looking man, muscular. He's a little thicker around the middle then he used to be, but he is definitely not fat. He's got dark brown hair and dark bedroom eyes. He's got a nice cock, about 8" and nice and thick. He also has a bit of a kinky side. It was one of the things that attracted us to each other and made our sex life so great. There wasn't much we wouldn't go for, within reason. Nothing too weird, but at the same time, I wouldn't go telling everyone my secrets. And we do have plenty of secrets.

Once we had decided we would invite Cheryl into our bedroom, I was very excited and was hoping she would agree. Just thinking about had my pussy dripping. Dan and I had great sex that night. Quick! But still great. I think he was excited too.

I had dabbled a bit with women during college, but nothing too serious...heavy petting mostly, and once a girl went down on me. I loved it but was afraid to let myself go. Since I trusted both Dan and Cheryl, I was a lot more willing to go the whole way.

The next weekend, Cheryl had come over early in the afternoon, and Dan was out playing golf. I thought this would be the perfect time to ask her. We were sitting out on the deck, enjoying the warm day and Cheryl was telling me another horror story about some letch she met out at a club. (Why do guys think they are so interesting when they are drunk?) "I just wish I could meet someone like Dan!" she said.

I saw this as a good opportunity to see what Cheryl thought of the joining us for some fun.

"Well, Cheryl" I said, "Dan and I were wondering if, um, you might, uh, well..."

"Have a threesome with you?" asked Cheryl.

"Yeah, that!" I replied. And we both laughed.

Once we settled down a bit, Cheryl told me that the thought had crossed her mind too, but she didn't know if I would be into it.

"We've never done it before" I said, "But we've been thinking about it for a while, and I wanted it to be you, since I trust you so well. Have you ever done this type of thing before?"

"Well, yeah" Cheryl said, "I did it a few times with one of my exes. I love it. I was hoping you were going to ask to be honest."

I warned Cheryl that Dan and I can get a little kinky sometimes, and she seemed intrigued and excited. What I didn't know was that she was as kinky, or maybe even kinkier.

Just then Dan got home.

I looked up at Dan with a big smile on my face, but wasn't sure what to say. Cheryl had an answer for that. "Hey Dan. Lynda is trying to seduce me. What should I do?"

"Kiss her!" he said quickly.

With that, Cheryl leaned over and offered her lips to me. I leaned in and put my lips to hers and felt a sudden charge of electricity run up my spine. This was going to be fun!!

I felt Cheryl open her mouth and I did the same. Her tongue slipped between my lips. She tasted wonderful. We broke off our kiss and decided we should go inside.

We headed for the living room, since it was the biggest room in the house. I sat on the couch and pulled Cheryl to me. We kissed again, only this time with more passion. We were breathing heavy and pushing our tongues against each other. 

I grabbed Cheryl's shirt and pulled it over her head. I saw Dan sitting in one of our armchairs and asked him to join us.

"Not right now." He said. "Why don't you two get used to each other. I'm enjoying the show!" 

This was fine with us; we were enjoying the show too. 

I turned my attention back towards Cheryl and we pressed our lips together again. Cheryl reached up and cupped my breasts and could feel my hard nipples from beneath my shirt. She said, "Why don't we get that shirt off so I can see those great boobs of yours?"

I was only too willing to do as requested. I removed my shirt, and undid my bra. Cheryl cupped my now bare breasts and remarked, "You know, I always thought you had the hottest tits!"

"Well, maybe you should suck on them and see how hot they really are!" I replied.

As Cheryl lowered her head, she stuck out her tongue and slowly played with my left nipple. She rolled her tongue around the nipple and I felt goosebumps on my arms. "That is so sexy" I remarked.

I could feel my pussy getting wet and hoped it wouldn't be long before that got the same treatment.

Cheryl moved from one side of my chest to the other, not moving too fast, but still helping to move things along. I closed my eyes and relaxed my head, enjoying the sensation of having another women sucking my tits. 

After a minute or two, Cheryl raised her head. She could see how much I was enjoying it. She reached her arms behind her back to release her bra and said, "You can't have all the fun, I want some too!!"

She grabbed her boob with her right hand and directed her nipple to my mouth. From what I had seen before, Cheryl's nipples had large areola, but these had tightened up as her nipples got hard and were about the size of a silver dollar.

"Mmmmm, " I moaned as I sucked her nipple into my mouth. She replied back the same. Cheryl shifted her weight and pressed her other boob to my lips as she reached an arm behind her back and started to rub my pussy through my jeans.

This was too much. I needed to feel her touch on my bare skin. We adjusted our position and I stood up so I could take my jeans off.

I looked at Dan and he had removed his shirt and was obviously enjoying the show. 

I walked over in front of Dan and unbuttoned my jeans in front of him. Turned around, bent over and slowly pulled my jeans to the floor. I turned back to him and pushed him back in his chair. I leaned in and gave him a quick, seductive kiss. Before turning back to Cheryl, I patted his crotch and said "I hope that thing has lots of energy, it's going to get quite a work out!!" 

"Don't worry," he replied, "I'm ready to go all night if need be!"

I turned back to Cheryl who had slipped out of her skirt and panties and was reclining back on the couch, legs thrown open, rubbing her clit.

She kept her beaver well trimmed, but had a nice short patch of hair above her lips. I kneeled in front of her and started kissing the insides of her thighs, making my way up towards her slit. I had never gone down on a woman before and was a little unsure of myself. I stuck out my tongue and started to lick her lips and clit. At my first touch, Cheryl moaned and pushed her pussy towards my mouth. 

I gave a few more licks and then focused on her clit. I sucked it into my mouth and flicked the end of tongue against it.

I looked up and Cheryl was pushing her breasts together and had closed her eyes. I continued working her clit and reached up to insert a finger into her now very wet vagina. I positioned my hand palm up and slowly slid my middle finger into her cunt. I hooked my finger and started to massage her g-spot, just as Dan does for me. 

Cheryl reacted quickly. She began pumping her pelvis towards my hand, trying to match my rhythm. She was moaning loudly and was telling me "Don't stop Lynda, that is, keep it there, you're going to make me cum!"

I did as I was told and kept fingering her wet cunt while sucking her engorged clit.

After about a minute, Cheryl began repeating, "Yes, yes, yes..." and then bucked so hard that my mouth came away from her sweet box. Only to be met with a blast of pussy juice gushing from Cheryl's twat. 

I opened my mouth to receive her squirt. Dan had made me squirt a couple of times before and I was hoping that I could get Cheryl to do the same. 

Four or five blasts came from her and soaked my face. I tasted her salty liquid, and then leaned up to kiss her on the mouth to share it with her. She kissed me back hard, grabbing my head and keeping me there for a long kiss. 

"Now it's my turn." Cheryl said and quickly re-positioned us so that I was lying on the floor. 

She grabbed a pillow off the couch and put it under my ass, to raise my pussy up. She slid off my thong and asked if I was ready. I responded by grabbing her head and pulling it to my soaked pussy. She started licking my lips with slow strokes of her tongue, starting just above my taint and working up to my clit. 

As she was doing this, I noticed Dan had stood up and removed the rest of his clothes. He moved to my side and leaned over so he could kiss my boobs. 

As he sucked one nipple into his mouth, his hand reached over to the other one to give it a gentle massage. His fingers brushed over my nipple, sending waves of pleasure through me. I reached over and grabbed his hard cock and started stroking him off. He grunted a quick moan and started matching my pumping hand with thrusts of his own. 

As we were doing this, Cheryl had started to focus on my clit. She was running her tongue in circles, occasionally flicking it up against my clit. Teasing me, making me ache for more. 

She lifted her head and remarked, "Lynda, your soaked! Is it something I'm doing?" 

"Yes!!" I replied, "Keep doing it!"

With this, Dan straddled my chest, placing his thick cock between my tits. I squeezed them together and he started thrusting back and forth. As his dick would appear at the top of my tits, I would flick my tongue out to graze the purple head. 

This made Dan slow down a bit and eventually I had his whole dick in my mouth.

We switched positions again, and now Dan was on the couch. I was between his legs and Cheryl was beneath me, still licking and teasing me with her tongue.

Dan just loves my blowjobs, and I was determined to make this one better then most. I started by taking his penis firmly in my hand and swirling my tongue around the head to get it nice and moist. Then I lowered my head, taking it as far into my throat as possible. 

As I got to the base of his dick, I stuck out my tongue to give his balls a little lick. A pretty tough move I can assure you as I had his dick poking me in the throat, threatening to activate my gag reflex. But after hearing Dan groan, I new it was worth it. 

"Holy shit, that's feels great baby!" he said. 

I held my head where it was for a second, and then released. As I lifted my mouth away from his cock, strands of saliva connected his prick to my mouth, as these broke and dripped down onto his balls I stroked him a few times. Everything was nice and wet now. 

I continued jacking him off and sucked one of his nuts into my open mouth. You could hear the squishing sounds of my spit on his cock. 

Right about this time I felt my own orgasm building deep in the walls of my cunt. I could tell it was going to be a big one. 

As much as I wanted to keep sucking Dan off, I needed to take a break for a second. I concentrated on Cheryl's tongue, which was now buried deep in my vagina. She was wiggling it around, and as she did, I could feel her nose on my clit, 

"Don't stop Cheryl, I'm going to cum!" I told her. 

She didn't change a thing she was doing and the first of three big waves coursed through my body. 

As the orgasm tore through me, a fine sweat broke out on my body. 

What a workout!

As I returned to reality, I saw Dan's still hard cock in front of me and stuffed it back into my mouth. I started sucking him off hard and fast. 

As I was doing this, Cheryl joined me and started sucking Dan's balls. He moaned his appreciation and we kept at it. 

We took turns alternately sucking his dick and balls. Cheryl was great at deep-throating and would keep Dan's dick buried in her throat for long periods, her throat muscles pulsing on the head of his cock.

As she did this, I pushed Dan's legs back, and started to rim his asshole. (Dan loves to have his ass licked. But then, who doesn't??) 

This proved to be his breaking point and Dan started to cum. As he spurted his hot load into Cheryl's mouth, he was making more noise then I had heard him make before. 

"Uhh, fuck, yeah. Oh fuck."

Once he was finished cumming, Cheryl lifted her head and turned to me. She grabbed my face with her hands and moved to kiss me. I opened my mouth to receive her tongue, but what I got instead was Dan's sperm. She spit it into my mouth then said, "Swallow it! Eat your husbands cum!"

I did swallow it, but her dirty talk made me horny all over again. "Let's fuck!! I said, after swallowing Dan's thick load.

I had Dan lie on the floor and I mounted him. Then I had Cheryl sit on his face so he could eat her out. 

I wasn't really sure how I was going to react to seeing Dan with another woman, but it was a real turn on. I loved seeing him so excited.

As Dan had just had an orgasm, I rode him slowly, allowing him to build up his energy again. 

Cheryl was astride Dan's face. She had one foot on the ground, while kneeling with the other leg. This gave Dan great access to her pussy, as well gave me a great view of the action. 

Cheryl reached down and pulled open her lips, giving Dan greater access to the inside of her. 

It wasn't long before she was breathing heavy and panting. She started to rock back and forth and was soon riding Dan's face hard. 

"Oh yes, fuck yes Dan, eat that pussy!"

I could see that Cheryl was close to cumming, so I reached around her and started playing with her ass. I quickly shoved one, and then two fingers in her ass.

This did the trick as she sort of froze and started to twitch. She had a few mini convulsions and then fell to the side of us. 

While Cheryl was recovering, Dan and I took a moment to enjoy each other. Dan whispered a sweet thank you in my ear, and told me how sexy I was. 

I told him that I was getting off on him and Cheryl too. 

With that, Dan decided to change positions. He got up off the floor and positioned himself on the couch so that his ass was thrust forward on the edge of the cushions. 

I straddled him and drove his hard fuck stick up into my soaking beaver. 

We started to get a good rhythm going when Cheryl decided to re-join the action. 

As I was fucking Dan, Cheryl got in behind us and started sucking Dan's balls. 

He closed his eyes and started to moan. 

Then Cheryl started to lick my ass. I could feel her tongue probing in between my cheeks and slipping into my little rosebud. 

She pushed it in as far as it would go and it felt incredible. She soon replaced her tongue, with one, then two fingers. It felt great. Then, just to out-do me, she slipped a third one in as well. I was feeling quite full, as I was still impaled on Dan's dick.

I was adjusting to the sensation when Dan said, 'I can feel her fingers on my dick through your asswall." 

This made Cheryl wriggle them around more, rubbing his shaft from inside me. 

Cheryl said, "If you like that Dan, How do you feel about this?"

I looked back, but I could not see what was happening.

Suddenly, Dan started thrusting harder and said, "Oh yeah, fuck Cheryl, that's good." 

Cheryl replied, "Oh yeah? You like that Dan? You like having my thumb up your ass?" 

I was shocked.

In all of our adventures, I had never penetrated Dan's ass, I had no idea he was into that kind of thing. But he liked it quite a bit. (I found out later it was the first time!)

"How do you like two fingers in there Danny-boy?" Cheryl said.

She was now reaming both our asses while we fucked. I felt my own orgasm start to build and was sure Dan was getting close as well. 

I started to buck down hard as he was thrusting up into my pussy with hard jabs of his cock. 

"Oh yeah, I'm going to cum" he said. 

Dan started to grunt in the way he always does just before he blows his load, and that triggered my own orgasm. 

A sudden wave of pleasure caused me to arch my back and throw my head back. I let out a loud moan as I did this and I felt Dan's sperm fill my cunt, 

He pumped about ten or twelve more times and then stopped. 

I stopped as well, enjoying the "afterglow", but Cheryl, who was lying on the floor, had another idea. "

"Roll off of him and straddle my face...I want to eat his cum out of your pussy." She said.

I couldn't believe how dirty Cheryl was, but I loved it. 

I did as she said and straddled her face. I lowered my box to her mouth and I felt Dan's cum running out of me. 

She licked up every last drop. As I moved away from her, I could see she had a drop on her chin, but she made sure to get it too, scooping it up into her mouth before it went to waste.

After that, we were all exhausted and decided to call it a night. We all fell asleep together in our king size bed, with me between my two best friends and lovers. 

We all agreed, we'd be doing this again...and soon!!