 I kissed my wife good-bye. Then I watched as the car pulled out of the driveway of our beach rental with her and my sister. I didn't waste time before I pulled on some swim trunks and headed down to the shore. I made my way across the street and up the public access out to the beach. There was nearly no one around as made my way across the sand. It was no wonder, the waves were pounding hard on shore and the water was still too cold for swimming long this early in the season. There was a couple laying out up closer to the dune several feet away, but other than that the beach was empty for as far as I could see in ether direction.

I made my way to my familiar spot, laid back and looked up at the cloudy sky above. A lone seagull circled overhead. Although it wasn't the most perfect day at the beach, it was still refreshingly relaxing. Normally my wife would be lying beside me, but this afternoon I was on my own as she and my sister were hitting the outlets on the cloudy. As I lay on the soft sand listening to the waves crash onto shore and feeling the soft salt spray hit my face, I realized the coolness actually felt good. So I took advantage and dozed. 

My mind drifted and I began to think of other quiet days on this beach, days when I'd sit and watch the skimpy bikini-clad girls traipse up and down the shoreline or lay spread on their towels glistening with suntan lotion over their nearly fully exposed tanned bodies. Today though, things were all too quiet since there was no one out here. I sat back up and propped my arms across my knees, lowered my chin to them. I stared off into the cloudy horizon, with a smile on my face as I conjured up fantasies I'd played over and over on this very stretch of sand over the year we'd vacationed here. 

I was lost within my own thoughts when I heard voices off to my left.

Looking up I saw three young ladies walking toward my part of the beach tossing a Frisbee between them. The toy disc flew back and forth as each girl bounced and bent very delightfully closer and closer. I soon began to have one of the best times ever watching women at play. The ladies were tremendous looking in their skimpy bikinis. One had blonde hair, another was a brunette and the third was somewhere in between, what I would call 'dirty blonde'. They all looked to be in their early twenties. 

I knew the fantasies I'd let myself conjure up so often when I'd look at pretty ladies such as these. All too often I got myself so worked up I'd have to go and take matters into my own hands back in the outdoor shower at the beach house. So to say I frequently got horny on that beach was an understatement. But there was something different in the air this afternoon and it wasn't the dreary weather. I could swear I smelled the girls' sexy aromas of aloe-vera and coconut oil on their fresh young bodies even yards away. 

Something important you have to understand, I reached the half-century mark this past year. Being I had started masturbating when I was twelve, I realized one night as I stroked my fifty-year old cock I had spent the last thirty-eight years doing it. In my teens it was nothing to wank on my eager penis at least three times a day. To this day, it's rarely a day went by I didn't give my manhood a tug. One thing has always remained constant, the excitement I got over masturbating somewhere I shouldn't. I suppose it was the risk of being at least seen if not actually caught. A vacation at the beach had always provided for some great outdoor pleasuring. Being outdoors in itself is a great natural pleasure, but being around nearly naked woman on the sand was truly exhilarating. 

This day at the shore was no exception. 

The erection in my swim trunks was becoming more evident. I found myself looking at each girl almost competing to see which would be the star of my masturbation fantasy and get the fantasy cum prize at climax. I had a prime view of three fit female bodies. In my mind I disrobed each one in turn, the voyeur in me could not have found a better parade of legs, butts and breasts. I sat with my knees bent and started to play with my cock through my shorts. It grew so fast and so hard I had to adjust. It made do something I rarely did anymore. I pulled the front of my shorts aside and released my fiercely hard penis. I was beyond excited as my manhood hardened to full attention. I looked back down the shoreline at the frolicking girls and began to masturbate even more fervently. The feeling of freedom with the breeze blowing between my legs and across my bare cock only added to the thrill.

I closed my eyes, licked my lips and tasted the salty sea spray. In my mind the flavor was the sweet taste of one or all of the girls. When I opened my eyes again, I saw the couple that had been lying by the dune walking hand in hand down the beach. As I continued to stroke I looked back the other way and found my female Frisbee players traipsing up toward the public access boardwalk. 

Although disappointed, I was set as the earlier scene was going to be incredible erotic fodder for my jerk-off back in the outdoor shower. I leisurely masturbated for a couple more minutes by my lonesome on the huge expanse of sand watching the rough surf tumble in.

"Having fun?" I heard the voice behind me and just about pulled my manhood off at the root. 

I looked back and got the surprise of my life. It was all three women I had been staring at on the beach minutes earlier. All three stood above me in their skimpy bikinis. Was I still fantasizing?

"So are you, having fun that is?" The blonde asked but did not wait for an answer as she sat down beside me. Up close now I saw she really was wearing the briefest of bikinis. The material hardly covered her beautiful breasts and the bottoms were only barely kept her modesty. 

"W-what?" I stammered.

"My friends and I wanted to know if that cock of yours was as big as it looked from across the beach." 

"Yeah, we turn around and lo and behold, there is your cock." The dirty blonde laughed. "I couldn't believe I could see it that clearly so I knew it must be big. We convinced each other to come back and check it out."

"I-I don't know what you're talking about," I said, realizing I was not doing a very good job covering my surprisingly still raging hard-on. 

"Honey, how could we not see it?" The dirty blonde added.

My face must have glowed with embarrassment as the women were obviously amused. I also felt as if they looked at me like I was a dirty old man. Of course, how could I deny it, I was sure being one. 

There was an awkward silence, awkward for me anyway. Then the dirty blonde grabbed my hand, pulled it away exposing my penis still standing up tall out my right pant leg.

"My word," the brunette exclaimed, "you really are hard!"

I looked up at her and realized how much she resembled a younger version of my wife. Even to her shoulder length dark hair and green eyes. Her tanned, athletic body looked hot and sexy in the skimpy bikini she was barely wearing. 

"We noticed you looking at us earlier," the blonde smirked. 

"I'm sorry. I don't know what I was thinking." I tried to cover myself better.

"What were you thinking?" the blonde asked.

"About what?"

"About what you've been ogling and jacking off over for the last several minutes," she immediately struck a pose, jutting her bikini clad hip out toward me and raised her hand to the back of her head, "us, you old man."

"Well," the dirty blonde added, "it started out as a blah day, but maybe it'll end with some real fun after all." 

"Oh yes," answered the blonde, "It just might. We did come here to have some real fun." She winked at me. 

I looked at both girls and started to feel more than a little uneasy. I was finally able to shove my somewhat diminished cock back into my swim trunks and got ready to stand. Suddenly I was pushed back down by the blonde. 

She gave me a sideways smile. "Are we making you a little uncomfortable having caught you red-handed?"

"Yeah, what's your wife think of you going to the beach and jacking off over a bunch of pretty young woman?" The dirty blonde asked.

"I don't think he can answer with so much blood having run to his little head between his legs," the brunette said, still staring at my penis.

"Don't worry," said the blonde, "we won't tell. On condition anyway."

"Condition?" I repeated, getting more nervous by the second, "What condition?"

"Simple, really. Since you've already been bold enough to expose yourself to us, I think you can take another few minutes to stroke that manly cock for us girls."

"You're crazy!" I blurted out and made a motion to get up again. I was pushed back down by a sandy foot and strong tanned leg from the blonde this time. 

"Here's what I have in mind," she said. "Because we've caught you and can easily follow you home and rat you out to your wife and because you have a humongous cock, we are going to make a deal. You are going to masturbate for us."

"You're even crazier than I thought." I brushed the sand off my shorts, feeling my manhood still half swollen. 

"Why not? You were already doing it weren't you?" The dirty blonde commented.

"That was different." I tried to rationalize.

"Jerking off is jerking off isn't it?" 

"It's just weird doing it in front of somebody, I guess."

"Any weirder than being a pervert and being caught by us?" The blonde asked, her hands still on her hips, looking down at me. 

"Aw, shut up and hurry to it already!" The dirty blonde practically demanded. "We wanna see that big cock in action."

"Here, I'll start you off," the brunette walked over and slipped her hand in my shorts. Up close now she looked young enough to be college age. And almost as if she was studying for an exam she focused on my manhood as it grew back to its full length in her hand. "Oh my, you're so damn big." Her fingers softly encircled the shaft with her tiny hand. Her fingers were soft and warm.

"What do you think?" The blonde asked her.

"I love it," the dirty blonde responded instead.

"I'm certainly impressed," the brunette finally added.

"Very good," the blonde said to her girlfriends, as she ran her hand through her long blonde hair, which hung to her shoulders and blew back from her face in the soft breeze. "What's the biggest cock you've ever seen?"

"Oh, probably only about six inches," the brunette responded.

"My current boyfriend is about six." The dirty blonde answered. 

"I don't know, but I'm quite sure this one is bigger."

"This guy is hung," the dirty blonde continued, "he's got the biggest dick I've ever seen."

"I don't think I would ever get used to seeing something that big," said the brunette, now very much wide eyed. "I can't get over it. I have never seen a dick more than six inches long and yours is not only long its big around, too. Look at how thick he is. Um," she stammered. "Like how old are you? 

"I just turned fifty," I replied without even thinking.

"Oh my gosh," she gasped. "And you can get that big and hard that easily still?"

"Well, looks like he has no problem with erectile dysfunction." The blonde commented and they all had a good chuckle. 

"Well, now back to the big question," she said and stared back down at my throbbing manhood with a grin. "Just how big is it?"

They all three stared at me. "What? Like I go around measuring it all the time."

"No, not all the time," the blonde said, then she kicked up some sand onto my shorts again. "But I'm sure a guy so fascinated with his cock as you are has measured it at least once. So? How long are you stud." 

I took turns staring at all three girls as they stared back at me. I couldn't believe I was in this situation, let alone being asked such a question. But something within my male ego or maybe from being the avid masturbator I was kicked in and I blurted out the words. "Last time I measured it," I paused for effect, "it was almost eight inches long."

"Holy crap!" The brunette blurted out.

"Shit, so did it like keep growing as you got older?" The blonde responded.

"Damn, if so, by the time you're sixty it might be a foot long!" The dirty blonde joked, then eased closer to me and looked into my eyes. "You know I have a thing for mature men and what they can do with a cock like that and the added experience of knowing what women really enjoy." 

There was silence for a moment, but I noticed the other two girls grinned and the brunette even licked her lips when she looked back down at my crotch and my bared cock.

Again I felt the need to say something and out came maybe the most stupid thing I could have said. "Don't you think it's unfair I'm showing you my cock and all three of you girls get to keep your clothes on?"

"Unfair as hell," the blonde said with a laugh. "But we make the rules."

"Tell you what," the dirty blonde leaned down and whispered sexily in my ear, "If you stroke that monster of yours until you get a good flow of pre-cum I'll take my top off for you to help you finish it off."

"Girls, seriously, I'm married. She's just shopping and might be back any minute," I said.

"You should have thought of that before you started jacking off on the beach," the dirty blonde said, staring down at my crotch.

"Stop wasting time and play with yourself for us." The blonde began to command again.

"Come on, this is a public beach. What if someone walks by?"

"There's no one even within ear shot."

"Are you gonna do it or not?" The dirty blonde became somewhat aggressive.

"You're crazy," came my answer, "we'll get caught. People do get arrested for nudity on the beach you know."

"What's the matter sweetie, are things heating up a bit too much for you?" The blonde laughed as she slid her hand up to cup the dirty blonde's breast. "I heard what she promised you.

"Mmm," the dirty blonde responded to the other girl's touch. "Come on. I'll show these babies and maybe I'll even let you hold them. Would you like to hold them?" 

I just nodded with my mouth wide open as I stared at her chest and the sizable breasts encased in that skimpy red bikini top.

"Come on, baby," she said. "Stroke it for me."

"Yeah, stroke it for us!" The brunette said in a high-pitched voice. 

"Okay, okay," I took one more quick look down the beach and back around the dunes to make sure there was no one within sight. Then I timidly put my hand on my ready cock. It extended straight out from my body, the hard shaft bobbed in the air in front of me. 

I actually started to love having an audience.

"You are so easy to tease," the brunette said and they all laughed. 

"Come on, stroke it faster," the blonde continued her commanding tone. 

"This whole situation is making me so horny, I can hardly stand it." The dirty blonde called out in a breathy voice.

"I have to admit, it's turning me on, too." The brunette looked over her friend's shoulder at her friend. 

"Well, I guess he kept his part of the bargain, so should I," the dirty blonde sank to her knees in front of me and pulled her bikini top down. "This is what you were wanting, right?"

She reached down for my right hand and stuck it up on her bared breast. "How good does that feel, stud?" She massaged my hand over her erect nipple as I continued to stroke my extremely hard cock. I silently resigned myself to the reality I would be shooting my cum all over the sand in due time in front of these three beautiful women. I closed my eyes again and felt the breeze drift over me.

"Alright, time to suck your dick," I heard the voice.

"What?" My eyes shot open and I tried to tell who had said it. "Are you serious?" I asked looking at each girl in turn.

"Yeah, of course," the dirty blonde said. "We're gonna suck your dick."

My jaw dropped.

"I thought guys always dreamed of getting a blowjob from more than one girl at a time."

"Yeah, but not on a public beach," I replied.

"You want a blowjob or not?" she asked.

"Y-yes," I stammered.

Next thing I know the brunette shuffled toward me on her knees and wrapped her fingers around my hard shaft. 

"Go girl!" The blonde cheered her on.

By the time the brunette started stroking my throbbing cock, I was already producing a lot of pre-cum. The next thing I know the other two women join her and they take turns stroking my shaft. Then two hands are on my cock. "It's so damn big," the brunette said. 

With my cock clutched in a hand each of brunette and the dirty blonde, both sliding up and down my shaft, the blonde reached under and cupped her hand over my balls. She gave me a gentle but firm squeeze and then she proceeded to massage them. 

"Okay, time to suck him off. Who's going for it first?" The dirty blonde asked.

"I don't even know if it's gonna fit, but I'm willing to give it a try," the brunette quickly chimed in, her eyes staring up into mine.

I swallowed hard as she didn't hesitate and licked at the head first. Then slowly she slid my shaft into her warm, wet mouth. Her lips stretched around me as her dark hair fell over her face and my groin. My eyes closed. I swore I was dreaming and I would wake up any minute to find my own hand wrapped around my cock. 

"Mmm, I think she loves the taste of your cock old man." I heard the blonde state the obvious.

The brunette went back and forth between bobbing up and down on my cock and just massaging it with her tongue. The blonde continued to play with my balls while her friend blew me. I slipped my fingers into her hair as my hips moved in and out to the rhythm of her mouth on me. Up and down she bobbed her head, hollowing her cheeks, sucking and running her tongue in circles under the sensitive spot right under the head. 

My knees grew weak and I began to tremble from the pleasure she was giving me. 

The dirty blonde must have sensed that... 

"Okay, stop, let's give him a breather." She called out.

"Yeah, she needs to come up for air," the blonde added.

The brunette pulled her lips off my cock but kept slowly jacking me off. The blonde kept her hand wrapped around my balls, but held them much more gently. 

"Why did you stop?" I asked, very puzzled, very much in need of a good orgasm at that point. 

"Oh, we aren't stopping," the dirty blonde answered. "I want your cock now! And I've got something else right here for you, baby!" The girl drawled as she stood. 

She pushed me back on the sand and hovered over me. Slowly, without taking her eyes off mine, she reached down between her legs and grabbed the triangle of material covering her pussy. The bows tied on either hip flailed away from her as she ripped it from her body. She looked even sexier nude, and man, was it obvious she had lain out in the sun that way or was a big fan of the tanning salon. I had never seen an all over tan before. I couldn't see an inch of skin that wasn't tanned. 

As she continued to smile down at me she had her hands on her hips. My eyes fully widened as I looked upon the first perfectly shaven pussy I'd ever seen in real life. Her pussy lips were flowered open and moist. The way she stood, her lips spread with arousal, provided just enough exposure to let me see her deliciously pink bud of a clit staring right back at me. Damn, she looked hot! She was also having a good time teasing me I could tell. She looked down past my face. I looked back down with her and saw what she was staring at. 

My hard cock smiling back at her. 

When I lifted my head back up I realized she was swinging a leg over me. She pushed me back into the sand and squatted just above my face. Her vulva's pink lips flowered out further and her clit was even more pronounced.

"Here it comes, stud," she sighed as her body and moist bare pussy pressed to my mouth. "Ah, that's it," she sighed. "I hope your tongue is as eager as that hard cock of yours." Her lips spread over my mouth and when I opened my lips my tongue darted out and delved in to find the warm center of her sex. The pointed tip probed deeper tasting the sweet nectar this beautiful woman had to offer. I heard a hoarse moan of pleasure from above me. But before I could get really going on eating her out, she jumped up and turned around. 
