 The Beginning of Our Adventure

Eight Years Ago – September 2006

The cool, air conditioned lobby at the Bellagio was chaotic but somehow welcoming. Guests were booking in, booking out, checking their bills, trying in vain for room upgrades. Nobody seemed overly bothered; for most it was the start of a few days of typical Vegas fun; gambling, shows, drinking to excess, tanning by the pools. For some, like us, it was the start of a new adventure.

After booking in, we explored our deluxe room while we waited for the cases to be brought up by the bellboy. The view over the strip was decadent. When the fountains started, she turned and grinned excitedly. "This is going to be good, isn't it" she said, turning back to wait and watch the display reach a noisy, spectacular crescendo.

I smiled, opened the door to receive the baggage, tipped the polite, young bellboy and then, when he'd gone, fell backwards onto the massive bed and felt the tension pour out of me.

"Come on, you can't sleep now, let's get changed and go to the pool", She said. I lazily rose and watched her strip naked, throwing her clothes across the floor and the bed, then hurriedly opening her case to find her bikini. Her wonderful body never failed to impress me. She was never afraid to display herself to me, showing me her perfect curves, cute bum and generous breasts. How lucky I was, I thought, not for the first time. We'd been married for twelve years and I'd never once stopped lusting after her.

"Here's your shorts...." She threw them over her shoulder at me whilst continuing to fumble in her case. "Don't forget the sun cream" she muttered, fishing her bikini out then quickly putting it on, a look of concentration, but also contentment on her face. I pulled my shorts up, grabbed some towels and my flip flops, placed the sun cream and my wallet into a little carry bag and made for the door.

"Do I look OK?" she asked, frowning. I didn't really need to respond. She knew perfectly well that she'd turn heads, especially wearing that small, sexy swimsuit.

"You look great" I responded. A little smile curled on my lips as I thought of the other guys by the pool, taking furtive glances at my wife, imagining their hands exploring her smooth skin, tracing their fingers over her barely hidden breasts. 

"You OK?" she said quizzically.

"Yeah, yeah, fine. Let's go." I was shaken out of my erotic daydream. Just as well, I could feel myself firming up, indecently tenting the front of my shorts.

We found a quieter spot near the poolside and, after draping the towels over the sunbeds, daubing ourselves with sun screen, we collapsed and put our heads back to let the heat sooth and relax us after our journey. I listened to the people splashing and playing in the pool, laughing, not a care. Nobody bothered us until I sensed movement at the end of our loungers. It was the pool guard collecting used plastic drinks glasses. A tall, well- built black guy. His fitness seemed to radiate from him. He smiled down at us. I couldn't help noticing that he was obviously staring at my wife's prone, glimmering body. 

"Everyone OK folks?" he asked in a friendly way. "Drinks?"

"Yeah, that would be great." I said, sat up, nodded and ordered two mojitos. 

"Coming right up, I'll be back soon" he said with a deep voice, peeling his eyes away from her smooth brown legs and smirking at me. 

I waited until he was a few yards away then looked over at my wife. She was already waiting to meet my eye and she giggled, putting her hand over her mouth.

"Did you see?" she asked.

"What?"

"Oh my God!, He's wearing speedos!" she whispered. I chuckled, but I was still confused "Seriously though, didn't you see?"

"What?" My brow furrowed. 

"The bulge he had!" she pushed herself up and leaned in closer to me. "He had a huge bulge in his speedos, I bet he thinks he's God's gift!" I laughed, she did too. "I bet he wants all the girls here to know it".

"Weren't you impressed?" I joked.

"Some of the girls round here would be!" She lay back, smirking. I looked over at her. Her face had flushed. I wondered what she was really thinking.

Our drinks arrived and we both sat up and sucked the refreshing cocktails through straws. The man beamed at us as I grabbed my wallet out of the bag.

"That's good huh?"

"That's great. Thanks, really good". I couldn't help myself looking down at his tight trunks. Sure enough he was definitely packing an impressive punch. I glanced back up and could see his eyes once more devouring my wife's body.

"Say, how do you guys fancy coming to a pool party here tonight?" We looked at one another for a moment or two. I shrugged my shoulders.

"Yeah, why not? Let's do it!" My wife replied, looking firstly at me and then the well hung black guy.

"Yeah OK" I nodded in agreement. "What time?"

"Oh, it won't start until after ten. There's a few people coming down. You'll love it"

"Great. Thanks"

"I'll see you then" he continued, once again checking my wife out, winking and smiling at her, then walking slowly away.

When he was on the other side of the pool, chatting up a rowdy gang of young girls, I turned to my wife. "I think he fancies you!"

"No he does'nt!" she replied, embarrassed.

"I think he does, I think he wants to take out that big cock of his and give you a good seeing to....."

"Don't be disgusting!" she almost shrieked but with a smirk. "I'm a married woman, nobody wants to be with me!"

"Oh, you don't realise the power you've got, you're just a tease.....and you know it!" 

"You dirty bastard. You and your pervy fantasies, I don't know!" She smiled and lay back down, closing her eyes. A moments pause.

"I'll have to buy something to wear ", she muttered, changing the subject.

"Yeah, we'll go to the shops at Caesars afterwards." I replied.

"OK"

I looked at her, her face relaxed, eyes closed, a sly smile on her face. True, we had fantasised about bringing another guy or girl into our bed while we were making love. It got me very hard and her very wet. But that's all it had been... a fantasy. Looking at her, she was biting her lip, deep in thought. Was she perhaps thinking the same dirty thoughts as me? I pulled my towel down and covered my growing bulge.

Chapter 2

When the heat had gone from the afternoon sun we decided to make a move back to the room. We both felt a satisfying, relaxed buzz from the steady flow of cocktails we'd drunk. After slipping to our room and quickly getting changed we headed out towards the shops.

Walking through the casino, the roulette tables seemed fairly quiet.

"Fancy a quick go?" I suggested hopefully.

"Alright then, but we've got plenty of time for that later" she replied reluctantly, obviously looking forward to browsing the high end stores. 

I guided her over to the nearest table and put a hundred dollar note down. "Ten dollar chips" I murmured to the croupier and got ten red plastic chips in return.

"Black twenty four" she whispered into my ear and clutching my arm.

"How much?", I replied, expecting her to be frugal.

"Put fifty on that and then fifty on the red" I turned and looked at her dubiously. Seeing the look on my face she continued. "C'mon, let's do it, let's go mad!"

"Alright then!" I looked back with a grin and put the chips down as the small white ball started rolling in the roulette wheel. The casino seemed to go silent as we prayed for a miracle. The ball clattered as the wheel slowed, bouncing between the numbers. We both tensed up.

"Black 24!" the croupier exclaimed.

"What!!" I shouted, incredulous. "Fuck me, Black 24!" She hugged me. I kissed her. 

"I told you!" she said excitedly, thumping my arm, "we've just won over fifteen hundred dollars!"

"I know, I know!" hardly able to contain myself. "We can definitely go shopping now!"

We cashed in the chips and received the satisfying wad of dollar bills. She smiled and led me by the hand past Olives restaurant, pausing briefly at the Louis Vuitton window. "Maybe tomorrow night" I muttered, leading her gently away. Thankfully she sighed, then grinned taking it in good grace. I pushed open the heavy exit doors to the footbridge over the strip, feeling the wall of heat meet us once again. My t-shirt began to cling to me with sweat and by the time we had avoided the crowds of tourists and reached the cool lobby of Caesars we could breathe again. 

We took the elevator up to the first floor. In front of us were two young girls both wearing bikini tops and incredibly revealing cut off denim shorts. I couldn't help looking at their long, brown legs and their enticing pert ass cheeks. Christ, I thought to myself, imagining those smooth thighs wrapped around my waist, clinging on tightly while I fucked them and then realised my wife glaring at me.

"Out of your league mate, out of your league!" She shook her head slowly and tutted. "They're probably half your age, you fucking pervert!"

"Sorry" I said, looking quickly away and down at my feet. "But a man can't help it, it's in his genes" I grinned, trying to deflect the situation and caught her eye. "You know, if I had a pound for every time I caught a fella checking you out or lusting after your tidy ass, I'd be a millionaire by now!"

"No they don't.... do they?"

"Yeah, I've seen them, you must have noticed, surely!"

"Do you think I've got a nice bum?"

"Jesus Christ, I'm the luckiest guy alive!" I said. We continued walking through the mall. A big smile crept up her face.

"You know what?" she said assertively "I'm going to get the sexiest dress I can find, some lingerie, maybe some high heels. If the boys want to stare at me, well, let 'em, I'll give them something to think about"

"We've got the money" I replied, feeling the thick wad of cash burning a hole in my front pocket.

"Yeah, something so revealing it'll blow your mind!"

"Go on then, go for it. Nobody knows us here do they? It's sin city!" I laughed and felt my tool twitch excitedly. "Show the other boys what they can't have!"

She turned and smirked "Who said they can't have me........." She winked suggestively and pointed and headed towards the next boutique.

I can't explain the pent up excitement I had as I watched her pick out some of the most daring, revealing and sexy clothes I had seen. "Do you like these?" she grinned, holding up the tiniest pair of black panties. "For my cute bum....." I nodded, but words escaped me. "Or this?" A matching black bra. "It'll show off these perfectly, don't you think?" She cupped her breasts under her t-shirt.

"Well...,um....yeah!" I replied, not expecting her to be so brazen.

"Good, but I don't think I'll wear them under that tight little black dress I've bought. It's so liberating not wearing any underwear at times"

"You're a fucking tease" I said, a smile curled on my lips.

"Yeah, but you fuckin' love it, don't you" she replied, her eyes sparkled.

After leaving the shops we called into a small restaurant. We both had a burger and fries with a couple of beers. The portions we ate were typically huge, American portions. I only ate half of my plate. She snacked on her fries while we both watched the world go by.

"There's those girls again" she muttered, nodding towards the main walkway through the mall. I shrugged, seeing that she was trying to goad me into looking, mischievously, with a smirk on her face. I ignored her.

Five minutes passed as we relaxed, taking in the Vegas atmosphere. I glanced up at her to see her with a little guilty smile on her face, looking over my shoulder, behind me.

"What's up?" I asked.

"Nothing...." She replied, casting her eyes quickly downwards.

I turned quickly to look behind. I saw a couple of good looking young guys, beers in their hands, sitting, directly behind us. The guy facing my wife shiftily looked away. He'd been looking at her, caught in the act. I winked at him knowingly, with a sly grin. 

"Oh, so that's it, is it?" I said, turning back to my wife. "So, it's OK for you to look at other guys, but when I take a sneak peak at another girl, it's wrong?"

"No, No!" She chuckled, embarrassed at being caught. "It's just that..........that........"

"What?" I said.

"Oh c,mon, we're on holiday, in Las Vegas for Christ's sake. It's just a bit of fun"

"You dirty flirt!" I whispered, jokingly.

She paused and smiled back. "You know what they say don't you?"

"What's that?"

"What happens in Las Vegas, stays in Vegas"

"What do you mean" I said. Had she been thinking the same raunchy thoughts as me?

"I thought it turned you on when other men look at me? You know with those clothes I've bought, I'll feel so........so....,erm, sexy. Don't you want them to see me in my sexy new clothes?" She lowered her voice and looked at me mischievously. "Oh, c'mon.... It'll be fun! It turns me on to think of them seeing me". She giggled. "It's just that, maybe, I like the thought of making them excited and they'll go away and jerk off about me later"

"Jesus!" was all I could say to that. "C'mon, let's go and get ready for the party".

We paid the bill, and walked back to our room to get changed. I held her hand, happy smiles on our faces. Nothing was said between us. I think we were both thinking of similar filthy scenarios. 

Chapter 3

We managed to get out of the room eventually. The sexual tension between us was almost unbearable. She tried on a couple of bikinis, eventually settling for what I thought was the most revealing.

"You only want me to go out in this because it all the guys will stare and drool over my boobs" She said, looking down at her impressive cleavage.

"Don't you want them too?" I said, a rigid hard- on pressing in my swim shorts.

"I think by looking at that thing sticking out between your legs you're looking forward to it!"

"Yeah" I said, embarassed, "Let's go". I kissed her and pressed against her semi naked body. She slowly slid the back of her fingers against my length. I moaned quietly in frustration.

"Later baby......later....." she smirked.

It was still incredibly hot outside underneath the stars. There was quite a crowd already gathered around the poolside. They looked slightly younger than us generally, but it all seemed good natured and happy. I found us a seat and then went to the bar. I couldn't help noticing the amount of girls in very skimpy bikinis displaying lots of tantalising skin. Some were with boyfriends, husbands, most were not. I smiled to myself, surveying their lithe smooth bodies, paid for our drinks and returned to my wife. 

"See anything you like then?" she murmured with a knowing grin. 

"Maybe, maybe" I replied, taking a moment to realise what she was insinuating.

A moment later, the pool guard from earlier noticed us, or rather my wife, and came across to meet us.

"Hey guys!" He said excitedly "it's great to see you". She smirked and I noticed her checking out his shorts, albeit a fresh, baggier pair than from before. He gave me a high five and then leant over to kiss my wife on the cheek. "Say, there's some guys over here that I'd like you to meet". He grasped her by the hand and I followed as he led us slowly through the crowd to a table with two bored looking people on it, nursing their drinks.

They seemed an attractive couple, similar age to us. The pool guy was desperate to introduce us. Putting his arm around my wife's waist he pulled her closer to him. I couldn't help noticing his hand wandering down and stroking her smooth bum underneath her skimpy swimsuit. Cheeky bastard! I thought, but I just went with the flow and let him tell us their names.

Steve and Sarah came from England, ironically near to where we lived. We were glad to have some company and soon we were talking about our travels, where we'd been, what we'd done. More drinks were brought over for us by the pool boy. He chatted briefly with Sarah, out of earshot then he was gone. The chat made her flushed, she bit her lip as if in deep thought then leaned over to whisper something to her boyfriend Steve. They both smiled but kept the little secret to themselves. She was an attractive girl with black hair, welcoming eyes. I couldn't help thinking that she was a bit of a flirt, the way she spoke to me, holding my eye, almost teasing. The tiny bikini she was wearing was very provocative, erotic almost. My wife had already noticed this and I was wary not to let my eyes wander too much lest she became annoyed or even her boyfriend noticed. 

The girls chatted about things at home while I and Steve talked about the soccer, the driving on the American roads and how I'd won on the roulette table earlier. They'd only just returned from a weekend away in Spain but seemed bizarrely reluctant to tell us what the place was like. We had more and yet more drinks, our chat started to get more easy and animated. Some of the party guests started to jump into the inviting pool, splashing about noisily as the music started to pump louder. I noticed some of the girls had taken off their bikini tops, provocatively displaying their pert, young breasts. Some of the men jumped in too, staring wild eyed at the smooth, brown skin and the bouncing tits. Steve surveyed the scene playing out in front of us and then glanced furtively across at me. We both knowingly grinned.

"Don't you fancy going topless girls" he suggested, a crafty smile on his face.

"Nah, I don't think so, maybe some other......." My wife started to speak but was interrupted by Sarah.

"Oh, go on, why not. It's a laugh, besides everyone else seems to be doing it"

"I don't ......"

"C'mon, I'm gonna let these puppies out!" she sniggered and gestured towards her sexy boobs.

"Oh, Jesus, alright then!" My wife said, whispering, nervously giggling at what Sarah had just said.

"You're first!" Sarah shot back.

"Oh fuck's sake, alright then!" my wife replied, embarrassed, turning her back towards me so that I could unclasp her bikini top. I fumbled quickly, allowing the top to fall away, exposing her gorgeous tits. She looked down, almost ashamed, but then she looked up at us and pushed her breasts out defiantly, her little brown nipples hardening all the while. "There!" she said proudly, "Come on then Sarah, your turn now!"

Sarah unabashed, produced her glorious, perky tits. I couldn't help myself from looking lustfully as they danced across the small table in front of me. Steve was feasting his greedy eyes on my wife and I felt a little thrill course through me at how easily she could turn other men on. I could feel myself hardening and had to adjust myself in my seat so that my bulge wouldn't be too obvious.

"You happy now boys?" Sarah said.

"Very!" Steve replied.

"Uh huh!" I agreed . Both girls started to laugh and that took some of awkwardness out of the air. My wife touched my thigh and her fingertips brushed against my hard on. She glanced quickly at me and a sly smile curled up her face. I grinned back, sheepishly. We all looked around to take in the atmosphere and see what the other guests were doing. I noticed the pool boy approaching behind Sarah.

"Hey there folks!" He said. "You're looking damn fine if I may say so girls". He smiled, taking in the pair of their exposed breasts, teasingly displayed in front of him. My wife grinned nervously back. He turned to Sarah. "Say Sarah," he continued, lowering his voice. "You know what we talked about before?"

"Yeah" she replied, meekly, looking up at him. Then glancing, guiltily, I thought, at her boyfriend Steve.

"Do you want to come into the pool with me?" The pool boy said.

"Yeah" she muttered, shyly, then turned to her boyfriend Steve and pecked him on the lips.

"Go for it" I overheard him whisper back. He smiled at her.

Sarah rose and stood by the pool boy. His muscular physique made her look petite in comparison. He quickly peeled off his t-shirt, revealing an impressive six- pack and a hairless, well defined chest. He then reached down and tugged at his shorts, pushing them down his legs, revealing his tight fitting Speedo's.
