 We've been at the party for a couple of hours or so and people have settled into their own groups, chatting and drinking. It's a nice party with good music and nice people.

We slip off to a dimly lit and quieter room with nobody else in. It has a nice long sofa and we can still hear the music and noise of the party going on outside.

Having been whispering increasingly sexy things to each all evening it doesn't take long before we are kissing, ever more passionately and our hands are starting to roam. First my hands move across your breasts which feel lovely through the thin dress you're wearing and it isn't long before my other begins to work up from your knees and the inside of your bare thighs. But you push my hand away – we are in a public after all.

The kissing continues apace and before long your hand is rubbing and feeling the bulge in my jeans, we both know what you would like to do with it.

I begin kissing your neck up and down, up to your earlobes and stopping to whisper that I desperately want to feel my cock inside your wet pussy.

This time as my hand moves up the inside of your thighs your legs part a little and I'm met with no resistance as my fingers slide along the smooth skin and reach the cloth separating your pussy from me. The cloth is wet and I enjoy rubbing it around and teasing you, pushing against your panties every now and then.

You pull at my belt and unzip me to release my extremely hard cock and start gently wanking me while we kiss.

"Should we stop?" you whisper but I don't answer as my fingers slip first inside your panties and I remember that you are nicely waxed. They then slip inside you, feeling around the lovely wetness we've created.

First one finger gently rubbing your clit before slipping it inside you fully, and then a second as I start to finger fuck you. Your head goes back and I pull your dress right up to reveal your sexy underwear and kiss your breasts. I'm really getting you going now and you are making noises confirming you're getting off as you fuck my fingers right back.

Not caring now who could be listening or even watching you pull my fingers from your soaking wet hole and first stop to lick them before pushing me back on the sofa and standing up. The dress falls from your body and so does the bra and you look so fucking hot. You then kneel on the sofa and put my cock in your mouth and start sucking me off, very hard.

It doesn't take long at all before I am straining desperately not to cum in your mouth and you sense this, taking me out and rubbing me against your bare tits, squeezing out little bits of cum and rubbing it around your nipples with the head of my cock.

You stand again and this time the panties fall to the floor and you climb on top of me rubbing your soaked pussy up and down the shaft of my hard cock. Your hand reaches down and guides me inside you, it feels amazing as my dicks slips into you and we begin moving together.

We hear a noise and look to the door – some people are and have been watching us! How many? 6? 7? Perhaps 3 women and 3 men.

"Jez, look" you say looking at the figures but I grab your bum cheeks even harder and carry on sliding you up and down on my cock.

At first you look concerned but then the pleasure sweeps over you as I say "Fuck it, let them watch" and you now know that not only are you being fucked, but quite a few not unattractive people are watching.

After a while we sit up and you continue to ride me facing me, with your back to the watching party. Perhaps another couple have joined them. I'm pulling your bum wide apart and giving them all a great view of dick sliding in and out of you while you ask me how many are now watching. I tell you maybe 10 and then say "Let's give them a more of a show"

Next I turn you round so you can see the onlookers and you slip back onto my cock, riding me reverse cowgirl. If they want to watch then let's give them something to watch you think as you groan with pleasure and play with your breasts whilst bouncing up and down on me.

Occasionally your hand wanders down to rub your clit and feel me sliding inside you.

Someone walks forward from the watching group. I'm unware as you are blocking the view but you can see it's a girl, and a very pretty one at that. She is standing right in front of you while you have my cock in you and she says "That was very sexy, feel this" and takes your hand and puts it between her own legs. You can feel her own pussy is dripping wet, she must have gotten like that watching us.

She hands you a glass, which you both sip from while your fingers caress her.

She leans forward and starts kissing you on the lips, you don't draw your hand away from her pussy yet, still enjoying the feeling of rubbing another girl's wet hole.

Her hands roam across your breasts and down towards your clit before she pulls back for a moment and undresses just inches from your face. She has a nice body like you and carefully lets each item of clothing and underwear drop to the floor at both of our feet. Once she is completely naked she resumes kissing you, your bare tits rubbing against each other as you do.

Then her kisses leave your mouth and begin a descent southwards, first down your neck to your breasts where she lingers for a time. Then down your belly before her tongue reaches your clit and my cock and she is on her knees. She is eager to please and starts licking away at your soaking pussy, on occasions you can't feel her you look down and can see her licking up and down the shaft of my cock, the top part of which is still deep inside you.

Then she gently eases out my cock with her hand exposing your wet pussy and you look down to see the head of hair of another girl between your legs while you can feel her tongue deep inside your wet and well fucked cunt.

Every now and then she stops and you glance down to see she now has my cock in her mouth and is sucking me off while she fingers you with her free hand.

Our friend alternates this for several minutes, pleasuring us both with her oral skills and occasionally slipping me back inside you so she can watch right in front of us.

Taking my cock from your pussy for the last time she gently begins to push it further back between your legs, back towards your bum. As the head of my dick rests against the entrance to your arse she goes back to licking you out – circling around and then sticking her tongue right inside you.

As she is doing this my cock starts to ease into your bum and she helps it on its way until I'm fully inside.

Then she rises up from her knees and pulls your hand between her legs again, this time 2 of your fingers are inside her as she grinds on them. She deserves some payback as your 2 fingers feel around inside and her and you fuck her with them.

Finally she pulls out your fingers, guiding them to my mouth while she whispers into your ear "not finished with you yet" and walks back toward the watching group, carrying her clothes.

She starts talking to one of the men who then walks over to us.

We're playing with your pussy together, softly, while you get used to me in your arse – when we see the chap standing in front of you. He unzips himself revealing a very hard cock.

You aren't quite sure what is going to happen next but have a little more idea when you feel me pulling your legs apart, holding you wide open.

You thought about protesting but then realise that this is going to happen anyway and you are going to make the most of being fucked senseless – and the guy is touching you now as his cock edges its way towards your pussy.

He pauses at the entrance before pushing in gently, inching in slowly, until fully inside – and now Ellie has two pulsating cocks deep inside her.

Both of us (the guys) try to start fucking you – at first clumsily but then getting some rhythm going until you are being pounded in your pussy and arse. I can't take it anymore and you can feel me going first, my dick throbbing and spasming as I fill your arse full of cum.

Our new friend is still enjoying himself too and as my cock slips out of your arse, resting between your bum cheeks – you continue to be fucked on top of me – while my cum runs out of you.

I slide out of the way for a well-earned rest and glass of wine and watch my wife getting fucked to orgasm on the same sofa as me – I can already feel myself getting hard again. I might have to save it for a while though as I can see you both cumming – he pulls out and some spills on your belly and tits and you rub it in while looking over at me. He gets up and says thanks politely before disappearing off to the group.

Lying on your back on the sofa still rubbing your wet tits the girl reappears. She sits down between us and then goes back down between your legs, licking the cum from you. You can feel her tongue all over, licking the smooth wetness. Every so often she goes further down licking my cum off from where it had run out of your arse.

She finishes by pulling herself up across you and kissing you on the lips before saying "Goodnight" and leaving.

You slide across to me (looking a touch flushed!) and sip my wine.

We kiss and I start playing with your pussy again...