 Jeff got off the airplane already missing his wife. He knew this would be a good conference, but five days without Dani would be unbearable. He already missed the comfort he felt in the middle of the night as she snuggled into him while they spooned, his cock lying in the tender crack of her ass as he reached around and held onto a breast in his sleep, let alone the mornings of being awakened by her mouth on his cock.

Jeff stopped at one of the airport's newstands and picked up two adult magazines thinking maybe beating off while seeing pictures of other women getting fucked would help cure his own longing. It was going to be a long five days.

He checked into his hotel and settled in for the night, flipping through one magazine before taking care of himself and going to sleep. The next day the conference was good -- the first day always is catching up with old friends. But then evening came around.

He was in the hotel bar when he thought he saw her. He was trying not to stare, but he had to know. Jeff walked up to the bar to get another drink, taking an indirect route so that he could walk past her table. And it was her.

Jeff hadn't seen Rebecca in 7 years. He'd been in his first year of his PhD program in economics. She'd been a senior at a different university in the same city. Their relationship had lasted only 4 months -- but she had been the best lover of his life. They'd split up when she left that summer to head to grad school, up north, in geology. The only thing Jeff knew about geology was that Rebecca could make him rock hard with the slightest word, movement, or glance. They'd stayed in touch for a short time, but Jeff had met Dani that fall and married her a year-and-a-half later.

Rebecca was at a table with two other men, coworkers it seemed, one much older than her. Jeff walked up from behind her, "Pardon me gentleman, but I must say this woman looks even better than she did the last time I saw her seven years ago." She turned around, she knew the deep voice, and smiled broadly at him. His heart melted and thoughts of what might have been overcame him.

Seeing her excitement, "We'll leave you two to catch up," one of her colleagues said. Jeff noticed that Rebecca was wearing a wedding band, too.

They quickly established that while he was in Philadelphia for his political economics conference, there was also a geology conference in town. Throughout their conversation, colleagues neither had seen in a while interupted to say hello.

"I'm enjoying our catching up, shall we continue this more privately where there will be no interruptions?" Jeff asked.

"I'm sharing a room with a friend, how about your room?" Rebecca replied.

They hurried to an elevator and upon entering Jeff's room sat on the bed together. Before he knew it, Rebecca had pushed him onto his back and had her lips planted firmly on his. His hands moved up her sides, sliding under her shirt, and feeling her skin for the first time in years.

"I hope you have a rubber," Jeff said. It was crude but he remembered her saying the same thing the first time he'd kissed her. It shocked him and he'd never forgotten. Thank God he'd had one that first night.

She chuckled getting the joke. "Don't worry, you don't need one now, big guy."

They made love like they'd been lovers all along. Jeff realized that his memories of Rebecca being his best lover weren't mere myths, she was the most vocal, sensual partner he'd ever had. It wasn't just the way she moved, but what she said during the heat of passion. Rebecca told Jeff in the heat of their fucking that so often while with her husband she'd thought of him, how no one had ever filled her up like he did.

Jeff was happy to see she was still multi-orgasmic, coming three times while riding him. "God you're so fucking huge," she cried bouncing up and down on him. "It's your turn now," as she reached behind her with one hand and fondled his balls. He felt her pussy tighten with a fourth orgasm and he could hold back no longer. He cried out, "Oh fuck Bec. You're so tight. Don't stop." Her pace quickened as he unloaded inside her, Jeff holding her hips and guiding her bouncing.

She slid off and onto her side beside him, purr'd and she fell asleep. 



When he woke up, Rebecca was lying in bed beside him, reading one of the magazines he'd picked up at the airport.

He was embarrased but lay there and watched her. "Good morning," he said. She just smiled.

"You know I picked that up at the airport. I thought five days without Dani would be hard. I didn't know the best lover of my life would be sitting at the hotel bar ... waiting for me to take her back to my room and fuck her."

She smiled and went back to studying the pictures. One man, one woman, both beautiful, fucking.

"I bet we look this sexy, your big cock in my pussy," she said.

"I know we do," Jeff said. "Sometimes when we used to do it doggy-style, I had trouble not coming cause just watching me slide in and out of you was so sexy."

With that Rebecca flipped the page, the couple had stopped fucking and he had his cock inches from the model's face. The other side of the page showed the model covered in come, smiling up at the camera through the streaks of come.

"What it is with men and this?" she said. "Aaron's been wanting to come on my face for years."

"And you haven't let him?" said Jeff. "Dani and I love that. No better way to end a titty-fuck. She just looks so beautiful with my come all over her. You know, you would too!"

"He knows he can come anywhere but there -- you know how much I love come on my tits -- it's just, I never thought that was appealing."

"Nothing wrong with that," Jeff said. "You're still the hottest, sexiest lover I've ever had. And the hottest dirty talker I know. Even if you never have said those four magic words."

"Four magic words?", she questioned?

"You know, 'Come on my face'," he said. 

"Speaking of fantasies," Jeff continued, "have you lived yours out yet." Rebecca smiled shyly. "Uh, no. I don't think Aaron is man enough to handle two women, so I've never mentioned it. It's probably time I head back to my room. I'll be here at 7pm tonight for round two?"

"I'll bring the rope," Jeff said and she put on yesterday's clothes and let herself out.

After Rebecca let herself out, Jeff sent an email. One of his online friends happened to live outside Philadelphia where the conference was being held. He'd never met Tamara but he knew a few things about her. He knew that she was sexy as hell, that she was bisexual, and the she reportedly loved a good facial. Tamara fit right in to Jeff's plans for the evening.

In the email he gave her details of his evening and invited her to meet him for an early dinner in a secluded diner in the city. He said he'd provide more details then.

Jeff checked his email every chance he got that day, until the one-liner came "See you at Sandy's diner at 5pm. -Tam".



Jeff was nervous as he arrived early at the diner. He'd never met anyone from online before. But then he saw her, in the corner, in the sundress she said she'd be wearing. She recognized him but waited until he got closer to her table before first leaning over to provide a great shot of her cleavage then standing to meet him. She knew Jeff was tall but was surprised at just how tall he was. He bent down and they kissed one another on the cheek.

Throughout their conversation, each was too excited to eat, Jeff couldn't believe how attractive Tamara was. Her smile radiated kindness and her body radiated something far more carnal. He couldn't believe that in a few short hours he'd be with Tamara, one of the sexiest women he'd ever seen, and Rebecca, the best lover he'd ever had. Assuming that Tamara was still up for this after their meeting.

Tamara pushed their plates aside and reached across the table and took Jeff's hands. They were huge and she certainly noticed. Between his 6'7" height and his huge hands, Tamara was hoping that everything else about Jeff was built proportionately.

They finished making their plans as they stood up to leave. Jeff gave Tamara a room key and directions. "7:45 on the dot. She'll be blind folded and tied. You know what to do."

"Oh I KNOW what to do, baby," Tamara said and she gave Jeff a hug, pulling him into her. She pulled his face down and kissed him on the lips this time, her tongue darting, for a split second, into his mouth.

Jeff walked her to her car and opened and closed the door behind her. He waved and started shaking slightly as he walked back to his own car.



At 7pm, Rebecca arrived back at Jeff's room. She was ready to go but Jeff knew he had to kill some time. He made small talk for a bit until Rebecca started stripping, trying to move the evening along.

As she took off her dress, Jeff saw she was wearing silk thigh-high stockings and he swallowed hard. Beautiful he thought. Stepping out of the dress, she had on just a black lacey bra, her tiny panties, and the stockings.

Now Jeff stood staring. She saw his pants begin to move. Rebecca started to roll the first stocking down. "No, stop," said Jeff. "How many geologists where silk thigh highs, Professor?"

"Oh I don't know. But I'm guessing I was probably the only one at the conference today wearing them."

"Then leave them on.... But let's see those perky tits," he said as Rebecca stepped towards him and pushed him down on the bed. She stepped between his legs and unclasped her bra, letting it fall to the floor and letting her breasts fall around his face. One lick then his hands surrounded her breasts, holding them while he savored their softness.

His hands moved down her and eased the panties down over her butt. He pushed them down below her knees then she stepped out of them. As Jeff sat on the foot of the bed, feet on the floor, Rebecca took a step forward, putting one knee on the bed beside him, then the other, putting her pussy in his face.

They collapsed backwards together. Jeff grabbed her ass and pulled her pussy toward his mouth. She thought he was going to take his mouth straight to her pussy -- but he'd gotten a glimpse of his watch.

Instead, Jeff flipped Rebecca over, the suddenness and forcefulness of the move excited her and caused her to skip a breath.

Jeff now held her hands over her head as he kissed her. He moved her hands so that he could hold both of her wrists above her with one of his hands while he reached into the night stand with the other.

There beside the Gideon Bible were the ropes he'd put there earlier in the evening. He held them above her as she smiled, remembering some of their games from seven years ago.

He kissed his way up her left arm before securing it to the headboard. He kissed his way back down that arm, across her breasts, and up her right arm then tied it to the post.

7:35. Perfect.

Her legs were still free but she didn't fight. She knew that only pleasure awaited her, though she clearly had no idea the night that Jeff had arranged.

Jeff kissed down her body, his tongue circling but not touching her nipples, kissing down her naval, then around her pussy, down the inside of her right thigh, his tongue trailing down her calf until he looped the rope around her ankle then secured the other end to the footboard.

He wasted no time moving to the left ankle before tying it. He kissed back up her left leg, flicking his tongue on her pussy lips but avoiding her swollen clit.

He backed away from the bed, checked his watch, and removed his own clothes. Her mouth watered at the sight of his enormous erection and she licked her lips.

As Jeff knelt over her, his cock over her face, she was expecting him to stick it in her mouth. She knew he had loved fucking her mouth when he had her tied up. But that's not what he did. Instead he reached back into the nightstand -- this was new, she thought -- and pulled out a blindfold. They hadn't done this before.

Jeff put it over Rebecca's eyes and tied it tightly, kissing her mouth while doing so.

7:41.

Jeff whispered in her ear, "What would your students say, Professor, if they saw you tied up and blindfolded, wearing nothing but black silk stockings? About to get fucked by a man that's not your husband?"

She grinned knowingly. She knew she was hot and her husband told her all the time how her male students, a bunch of horny 19 and 20 year olds undoubtedly went home and masturbated after class. He also told her how her old stodgy geology professor colleauges probably did the same thing. She liked the thoughts of her students doing it better. She imagined they thought up more creative ways to use her sexy body for their pleasure.

"And, Professor, what would your students say?" Rebecca said. "You know those poor girls in your undergraduate econ classes go home each day and rub their pussies thinking about you, wondering if all those theories about supply and demand are true -- if they demanded your cock, would you supply it?"

7:43. He kissed he on the mouth. Enough talk.

He kissed down her body, he was providing ample attention to her stomach when he heard the door, barely audibly, crack open. 

Jeff put up a finger to tell Tamara to wait, he tried to get a good look at what she was wearing but he didn't want to turn his head from Rebecca.

He kissed down her stomach, and slowly, teasingly, down her left leg. Doing so, he allowed himself to slide off of the bed, kissing down to her toes, one by one.

With that, Tamara knew what to do. Jeff stepped back and saw Tamara had shed her clothes -- except for her red silk stockings. Jeff couldn't believe the coincidence and his broad smile got a little broader.

She started on Rebecca's right toes. Kissing slowly, kissing up her foot to her calf. Up the inside of thigh and Tamara climbed onto the bed. Tamara wanted to kiss and tease more but she thought she better get to Rebecca's pussy before Rebecca realized what was happening.

When Tamara's mouth reached Rebecca's pussy she allowed her hands to slide up Rebecca's left thigh, one on the inside, one on the outside. Tamara's tiny hands on Rebecca being the giveaway.

"Jeff?" Rebecca questioned. He moved up from the base of the bed where he'd been studying Tamara's ass, and her pussy lips visible from behind as she knelt over Rebecca. Jeff licked a nipple on the way and whispered in her ear, "Yes babe?" All the while Tamara's mouth remaining on Rebecca's pussy -- getting closer and closer to her clit.

Rebecca didn't say anything, still shocked. "This is my friend, Tamara, Bec. Tamara is going to help us out tonight. Just lay back, relax, and enjoy." Then he kissed her lips and moved back to a chair by the bed to enjoy the show. Jeff lightly touched his balls while watching, he wanted to stroke his cock but thought he'd allow that honor for the two beautiful women in his bed.

Tamara moved up Rebecca's body now kissing her breasts, allowing her breasts hanging over Rebecca to just barely tough Rebecca's stomach as she moved to kiss her neck, Tamara's nipples hardened at the touch of Rebecca's soft skin. Then she kissed Rebecca on the mouth. As she pulled back, Rebecca moved her head forward until her constraints would allow her to go no further. She clearly didn't want her first kiss with another woman to end so soon. "You're a beauitful woman Rebecca. I'm so glad Jeff emailed me today. Here's how this is going to work: I'm going to finish eating your sweet pussy -- I've never seen anyone as wet as you -- then I will untie you. Then the three of us can do whatever YOU want. ANYTHING."

With that, Jeff moved over and removed Rebecca's blindfold so she could see the beautiful woman speaking to her -- the woman making love to her.

She kissed Rebecca again, catching her mouth open in the middle of a gasp Rebecca had started to make at Tamara's words and her first sight of her, not closing her eyes during the kiss, but making deep eye contact . Tamara's tongue entered Rebecca's mouth. Rebecca loved the strength and power of a man above her, but the fragility and tenderness of Tamara's body above her was undescribable.

Tamara moved back down Rebecca's body, kissing her breasts, biting gently, then going lower. When Tamara returned to Rebecca's pussy, Rebecca said, "Jeff, I need your hands on me." And so he knelt beside the bed, his hands massaging her breasts, as Tamara skillfully licked Rebecca's pussy.

Rebecca groaned softly. Jeff had noticed she'd been much quieter tonight than he'd ever known her but he figured that would change. Then Jeff moved one hand and held one of Rebecca's hands that was tied to the headboard. With that touch of affection, Rebecca started to come. Her hips bucked wildly and Tamara reached under her, holding Rebecca's ass still and her hips off the bed as Tamara's tongue only increased in speed though moved just to the side of Rebecca's clit. Tamara knew that Rebecca couldn't stand much more direct contact and that her orgasm would last longer with less direct stimulation. Rebecca continued to shake and finally screamed louder than Jeff had ever heard her scream before collapsing motionless.

Tamara moved upward, her face soaked in Rebecca's juices, and kissed her, trying to revive the exhausted, satiated woman.

Tamara layed on top of Rebecca, their legs entertwined. The contrast of their red and black silk stockings drove Jeff crazy. Tamara moved one soaking cheek over Rebecca's, then Rebecca stirred and kissed Tamara deeply. Tamara held Rebecca's head with one hand, the other exploring her chest, and they continued the kiss. Meanwhile Jeff untied Rebecca's constraints, legs then hands, and when her arms were free, Rebecca sat up and hugged Tamara tightly, then took Tamara's head in one hand and held her while kissing her deeply.

Then Rebecca pulled Jeff toward her and kissed him. "Thank you, Jeff. Oh thank you. Here's what we do next, Tamara. Look at Jeff's big cock. I think he needs some relief."

"Mmm, I know Bec. It looks like Jeff could use some relief. That big cock fits in your tight little pussy?" she asked playfully.

Jeff sat back down in the chair he'd been in. Both women made their way from the bed and knelt down in front of Jeff, his cock pointing straight toward the ceiling.

Tamara had been in enough threesomes before to know not to get too greedy when the man 'belonged' to the other woman so she waited for Rebecca to cover Jeff's cock with her mouth first. Then Tamara moved her head in, licking and fondling Jeff's balls.

Jeff had only dreamed of feeling two mouths on his cock before. Now he was in heaven.

When Rebecca stopped sucking, both she and Tamara took long licks up Jeff's shaft, flicking their tongue around the tip of his penis as their tongues reached the top, then they kissed one another. They repeated this scene four or five more times, the first few times making sensual eye contact with each other, the last two times, making deep eye contact with Jeff.

"Ah, this feels great girls, but you know Bec, I think Tam's pussy probably needs some attention. Let's not ignore our honored guest."

Rebecca took Jeff's cock in her mouth one last time going down quickly and then coming up very slowly while her hand pulled down gently on his balls. Then after freeing Jeff's cock, Bec kissed Tamara on the cheek. "Lay back on the bed, Tam. I've wanted to lick some pussy for a long time. Let's see if I'm any good at it."

Tamara laid back on the bed and using two fingers, held her pussy lips apart for Rebecca. "I know you're gonna be great, baby. Just take your time and enjoy." Rebecca moved between Tamara's legs, letting a breast glide down her stomach then moving back so just the nipple glided across Tamara's wet clit making Tamara shudder. Rebecca was nervous but when Tamara said breathlessly "Look at you, you already know some tricks on how to make love to a woman," Rebecca smiled confidantly and some of her nervousness went away.
