 "Just a minute!" Sherry called out, then she slipped out of bed and wrapped her gown around her. She turned to me. "I'll be right back--don't go away."

I grinned. "Like--I'm going somewhere?" I said.

She chuckled at me and headed for the door.

After opening it, Sherry saw the Bellboy, a young lad probably in his late teens or early twenties. Rather handsome, too.

"This your bag, ma'am?" he inquired, motioning to a suitcase beside him that did indeed look like the one she'd left at the airport. At the same time, Sherry couldn't help but notice that his gaze just happened to fall on the gap from her breasts in her gown.

Sherry bent over, turned over the label. "Yes, it is. There's my name. Please, bring it in and set it on the dresser."

"Yes, ma'am."

Sherry opened the door a bit wider and the Bellboy carried the bag in and set it down. As he turned to leave, Sherry's gown accidentally fell open without her realizing it and the young man stopped in his tracks to stare at her exposed breasts and pubic area.

His eyes were wide and he swallowed a lump in his throat.

I watched, bemused, from the bed.

"Uh--" was all he could say.

Then Sherry saw what he was looking at. "Oh, my! I am sorry. Didn't realize--"

"Excuse me, ma'am..." He made for the door.

"Just a minute--" Sherry replied as she reached for her purse. 

The Bellboy stopped and turned. Already Sherry could see a lump in his pants. In fact, I was getting rather hard on the bed, but Sherry couldn't see that.

"Come here," she said, but the Bellboy didn't move. "Come here--I'm not going to hurt you!"

He kind of staggered over to her. Sherry pulled her hand out of her purse, lifted up his hand and placed a fiver in it. "That's for you," she said. 

The Bellboy stared at the fiver, then before he knew what had happened, Sherry was on her knees in front of him. "And this is for you, too," she continued. In a matter of a couple of seconds, Sherry had tugged down his zipper, reached in and pulled out his hard young cock.

The Bellboy drew in his breath quickly, not sure what to do. But by then he couldn't do anything because Sherry had already wrapped her succulent lips around his bulbous cockhead, sliding her lips up and down his throbbing shaft.

I couldn't believe how my watching them both was turning me on. My own cock was hard as a rock and I could feel the thumping of the blood coursing through its veins. I got off the bed, went behind the Bellboy and began to undo his coat and shirt. 

Wide-eyed and speechless, he looked up at me. "It's okay, son," I said, "just enjoy the ride..."

I got his coat and shirt off, undid his belt and pushed his pants to the floor. His cock poked out of the fly of his underwear and Sherry took her mouth off him so I could pull them down.

Sherry guided him over to the bed, laid him down. Then, her pussy already dripping wet with dew, she straddled his thighs, nestled herself down onto his cock. He moaned with pleasure, and Sherry groaned with the feel of his thick rod sliding in and out of her cunt.

Now I climbed onto the bed. Sherry supported herself with her hands on the bedhead, as I lubricated her bum with my finger, rubbing around the rim, then slowly poking my finger into her hole.

Sherry continued to ride the Bellboy's cock and I could tell he was finally getting into it now as he began to thrust upwards in time to her gyrations.

I stopped her hips for a moment, pressed my cock against her bum, then firmly began to ease it in. Sherry groaned aloud with the feel of the pressure and I pushed some more until my cockhead slipped suddenly into her hole. Now I began to shove back and forth, and the Bellboy began his movements again, all three of us gradually taking up a rhythmic motion--he thrusting into her cunt as I pulled back from her ass, my shoving in, he pulling back....back and forth, in and out, back and forth, in and out....

Suddenly Sherry cried out in rapture as her orgasm exploded from both ass and cunt. Then the Bellboy and I, both of us catching the quavering of her body, both of us began to come, too, and Sherry felt our hot come gushing out in rhythmic spasms deep into her cunt and ass, both of our cocks slipping and sliding through the rivulets of jism.

A short while later, after he had dressed and was ready to leave, I gave the Bellboy an extra tip.

But he handed the money back to me. "Thank you, sir, but that isn't necessary. Believe it or not, I was a virgin up till now. Thanks for a wonderful, thrilling experience. I doubt I'll ever have one like that again."

"Well--" I said, looking over at Sherry.

Sherry shrugged and smiled. "Maybe next time we're in town--?"

The Bellboy blushed, grinned and left.