 It had been two weeks since my nights with Chandra and Madison. I had not heard from either one of them, even though I had left several messages on Madison's answer machine. I figured I had screwed things up royally by messing with both of them. Well, so goes life. 

That is why I was surprised when the phone rang and Chandra answered my hello with, "Can you meet me and Madison at the bar in about an hour?"

"I sure can." I answered quickly.

"Good," she said and hung up.

I sat down on the side of the bed and stared at the phone as I wondered why I had except the invitation. I knew I had at the very least an ass-chewing coming to me and that's if I'm lucky. At the worst, I could end up dead. I shrugged the bad feeling off as the old saying rolled through my head; if you play, you have to pay. Well, I might as well get ready and go pay my pound or two of flesh.

*****

There were only four people in the place as I walked in. They were all seated at the bar and none of them I knew. I ordered a beer from the bartender and headed over to what was becoming my regular table. I sat down and when I looked up, the two women walked in the door. 

Chandra saw me and stopped suddenly, causing Madison to run into her. They exchanged a few sharp whispered remarks and then Madison led Chandra up to the bar. Madison ordered while Chandra just stared at me, or was that glared at me. The bartender brought their beers and they stood there in heated whispered discussion for a while longer. 

Suddenly, Madison said loudly, "Fine, have it your way." 

Then she picked up her purse and coat and came over to my table. As she pulled out the chair to my right and hung her coat on the back of it, I said, "I take it she knows about us and she's not a happy camper."

Madison took a long pull on her beer and sat down. "You can say that again. Everything was fine until this afternoon when I opened my big mouth and let something slip about me seeing you. It's gone down hill fast since then. She doesn't really know anything but boy is she pissed. I've never seen her like this."

"Oh boy," I said under my breath.

"Oh shit, is more like it." Madison corrected. "Grab onto something tight, here she comes."

Chandra slowly walked across the room and she had left her purse and coat at the bar, not a good sign I thought to myself. I stood up as she reached the table and said, "Hello."

Anger was clearly written on her face and in her eyes as she opened her mouth. She didn't say anything but instead closed her mouth and just stood there looking at me. I tried to swallow the growing lump in my throat but it would not go down. 

Chandra glanced down at Madison, then looked back at me while she turned the beer up, and drained about half of it. She sat the bottle down on the table and slowly walked back to the bar for her purse and coat. 

I was still standing up when she returned to hang her coat on a chair. She looked at me for another long moment and then sat down. I slowly sank down into my own chair feeling truly rotten. 

She looked at me and then glared at Madison before she asked softly, "Why?"

Quickly I answered, "It just happened, it wasn't something that was planned. I knew better but couldn't or didn't help myself." I admitted. 

If anyone was going to be blamed, it was going to be me, I decided. They had been best friends much to long for me to be the reason they became enemies.

"He's telling you the truth and I'm as much at fault as he is. He's trying to be the gentleman and protect me. Well, I ain't going to let him. If you're going to be mad at him, then you can be damn well be mad at me too," Madison said in a rush.

Chandra had looked at each of us as we spoke. Now she just sat there looking from one to the other. Suddenly a big tear rolled down her cheek and she slumped in her chair, the fight going out of her. As a tear started down the other cheek, I turned in my chair and put my arms around her, hugging her to me. 

She choked off a sob and hugged me back, burying her face against my chest. I rocked her and stroked her hair as she cried softly into my chest. Suddenly she jerked back and hit me three or four times in the chest with her fists doubled up. Then she was back in my arms again. 

She snuggled her face against my chest and let out a deep sigh. "I should get up, walk out the door, and say to hell with the both of you." She took a deep shuddering breath and let it out slowly. "The only problem is that I love both of you."

"We love you too," Madison whispered back. "I hope you believe that."

Chandra nodded her head and sighed again. "I know. That's what really hurts so much."

Madison moved over closer to us and stroked her hand over Chandra's hair next to mine. "Would it help if I told you I love him to? I don't know why, he's just an old fart but I do love him, and I love you. You've been my best friend forever and I would never do anything to hurt you if I could help it, you know that."

After a moment, Chandra nodded her head as she thought over what Madison had said. "Yeah, I know that too." She took a deep breath and sat up wiping at her eyes. 

I handed her a napkin from the table as I thought about what both women had said. I took a deep breath of my own and said something very stupid. "There's no way I could ever figure out which of you I love the most. I could never decide which of you to stay with."

Chandra glanced at Madison and said, "You ain't got any say about this. Anyway, you wouldn't get to make the decision about which of us, if it comes down to that."

Madison stood up and held a hand out to Chandra, "Come on girlfriend, let's go get you put back together. I think we need to do a little talking." 

Looking down at me, she smiled and said, "Be a dear, go and get a couple more beers. We'll be in the ladies room. Just knock and we'll get them from you. Girl talk can get to be thirsty business, you know."

I headed to the bar as they headed for the ladies room. 

*****

It was half an hour later that they returned to the table, one sitting down on each side of me. I looked at one and then the other, not sure what to do or say. I guess I did the right thing, which was to do nothing and to keep my mouth shut.

Madison glanced at Chandra and then said to me, "We've come to an agreement." 

She paused there as I perked up. As the pause dragged on, I got a little antsy. Finally, Chandra chuckled at my nervousness and Madison asked her, "I guess I should let him off the hook, right?" 

Chandra nodded and Madison looked at me with a frown, "We've decided to share you, share, and share alike." 

My mouth dropped open as what she said sank in and both girls laughed. 

"May God have mercy on your soul." Madison added and both girls laughed again.

I swallowed once and then again before I could find my voice. Finally I said, "Somebody better have, because I doubt that I'll live out the week."

Both girls laughed until Chandra said, "You had better worry more about tonight, the rest of the week may not matter."

I looked at her sharply and then glanced over at Madison, who grinned at me. Looking back to Chandra I asked, "What have I got to worry about tonight for? I thought you had decided not to kill me."

Chandra grinned evilly and laughed before she answered, "There's more than one way to kill a skunk." 

She paused a second and added, "I'm joking. After talking to Madison, I realize that I'm as much to blame as she is. I should have told her how I felt about you instead of just going home and going to bed like the zombie, I was. I just tweaked her curiosity. She had to find out for herself about you and where better than the source." 

She paused another time and looked over at Madison. Still looking at her, Chandra added, "I should have known the next day when she was so tired and so damned happy and bubbly. She only gets that way after she's had her socks knocked off."

"Boy did I ever," muttered Madison with a chuckle.

"Tell me about it girlfriend, I wasn't worth a shit for three days, remember," Chandra said with a chuckle of her own. Looking at me, she added, "So we've decided to see how bad we can knock your socks off, so to speak."

My mouth dropped open for a second as I heard what she said. I swallowed hard and glanced over at Madison to see her grinning. I looked back at Chandra and said, "I hate to tell you, but each of you nearly killed me by yourselves. You might as well call the coroner right now." 

I paused and grinned for a second as I figured out what she had meant earlier. "Nope, I won't live out the night, I can tell you that right now."

"Don't sell yourself short," Madison said with a grin. "With a little help you might make midnight." She added with a wink.

Memories of Madison's fantasy about Chandra floated quickly across my mind. This should be an interesting night in more ways than one and for more people than just me. Chandra was in for a big surprise, I thought to myself. 

I returned Madison's wink and asked, "You think so?"

Madison laughed and replied, "It all depends on my nerve and how things happen."

I grinned and told her, "Just leave it to the old boy scout."

Madison laughed and said, "If anyone can arrange things, it would be you."

Chandra looked from one of us to the other and then asked, "What the heck are you two talking about?"

I grinned at her and said, "A secret surprise."

Madison laughed again and added, "Yeah, but we're not sure for whom." 

To Chandra she said, "Don't worry about it girlfriend, you'll understand before the night is out, I guarantee you. Like he said, it's going to be a big surprise for someone."

The bartender checking on us interrupted the conversation. I ordered another round and she left. Madison and Chandra went to put some music on the jukebox, although it looked more like another girl talk time to me. The beers had been delivered by the time they returned. 

"We've decide to move this party to my house when we finish these beers." Madison told me as they sat down.

"I get to ride with you on the way over there." Chandra chipped in.

Madison laughed and added, "Yeah, she didn't want me to get a head start on her, she knows only to well about my oral fixation."

"You got that right, girlfriend," Chandra said with a chuckle and then she added with a thoughtful look, "Hmmm, maybe I should give it a try, I might find a whole new side of myself."

This struck Madison as funny and she said with a laugh, "You go girl, tonight could be a night of firsts and new things for the both of us." 

She raised her beer bottle with the neck tilted slightly in a salute. Chandra and I clicked our bottles against hers and she said, "Down the hatch kiddies, it's time to get this show on the road." With that said, she turned the bottle up, and drained it. Chandra and I followed suit. 

*****

Chandra sat next to me, my arm around her shoulders as we pulled out of the parking lot behind Madison. We rode in silence for a few blocks and then I asked a question that had been on my mind for a while. "Why didn't you return any of my calls?"

Chandra remained silent for several seconds before she said, "Honestly, I don't know." 

She was quiet again for a moment and then went on. "I think you scared me. Not you, yourself, but the feels you stirred up in me. I fell hard for you and no, I'm not talking about the sex, although it was great. There's something about you that hits a note deep inside me that makes me shiver, just thinking about you." 

She was quiet again for nearly a minute before she said, "I think I also sensed that there had been something between you and Madison. I don't know what made me think that but I did."

"Look I didn't mean for anything to happen between Madison and me. If she hadn't been a friend of yours, I would not have even gone to the bar to talk to her. I figured, we'd talk a while and then go our separate ways. So much for good intentions," I said in a rush. 

After a while Chandra said, "Yeah, I know. Madison has this wild streak that comes out when she sees something or someone she wants. She doesn't take no for an answer." 

She was quiet for a long time before she took a deep breath and said, "I might as well tell you that this is not the first time we have ever had the same boyfriend. The difference this time is that you are someone that matters a lot to both of us. Before, it was just an animal attraction kind of thing with some good-looking hunk that was fun to play with. That's what Madison took so long in the bathroom trying to explain to me."

We were silent for a while, each with our own thoughts. I broke the silence by saying, "I think that I love you both and I can't really find a reason for it. You are both very similar but very different at the same time." I paused and then added, "My only problem is the age difference thing. Both of you together are still younger than I am. There's no way that I'm going to be able to keep up with the two of you. One would be a problem but two...." I let the sentence trail off.

Chandra chuckled and snuggled up closer to me before she said, "You let us worry about that. Just remember that we love you and we wouldn't kill you on purpose. Maybe by accident but not on purpose." She ended with a laugh.

I chuckled and shook my head slowly as I said, "That's what's got me worried."

Madison turned down a side road and I followed her. She went about two blocks and pulled into a driveway. I pulled in behind her and shut off the truck. I took a deep breath and blew it out. 

"Well, here goes nothing," I said jokingly to Chandra. She laughed and pushed me out the door.

When she followed me out of the truck, she came into my arms for one of her tongue tangling kisses. As the kiss slacked off, I nibbled on her lips, and she whimpered softly. She tightened her grip on me, pressing her body tighter against me. 

After a minute or two, I heard Madison call from the porch, "Hey you two, get a room." 

Our laughter broke the kiss and we walked toward the porch, hand in hand. Madison stood in the doorway with a grin on her face as we walked up the steps. 

"At least you could have waited for me. Anyway, I don't need the neighbors talking anymore than they already do." 

Chandra laughed and said, "Since when do you worry about the neighbors." As we went inside she added, "This is the girl that sunbathes in the backyard naked."

Madison laughed said, "Hey, don't tell all my secrets, I want to surprise him with some of them."

"Don't worry you have enough to go around." Chandra shot back as she put her arms around Madison and hugged her. When she drew back, Madison kissed her softly on the lips. Chandra froze for a second and then kissed her back. The kiss was short but there was growing passion there. 

When they broke apart, Chandra blew out a long breath and asked with a grin, "Talk about surprises, where the hell did that come from?"

Madison just grinned at her as she walked over and put her arms around my neck and kissed me. There was a hungry passion in the kiss that went far beyond anything I had ever felt in one of her kisses. It wasn't long before my hands were sliding over her body, as my own passion grew stronger. 

When she broke the kiss, Madison looked over her shoulder at Chandra and whispered, "You'll find out one of these days, that's a promise. Until then I'll just keep my own little secrets." 

Stepping away from me, she asked, "Who wants a beer besides me. I need something to cool me down."

"How about a cold shower?" I asked jokingly.

Madison reached down, ran her hand lightly over my hard manhood outlined in the front of my jeans, and said, "Only if you take one with me." 

Chandra laughed and said, "That's my Madison, always ready and willing. One of these days, I'll have to tell you what she did to the snowman we built one year, when we were in high school. The poor thing was nothing but a pool of water when she got through with him."

Madison laughed and said, "Yeah, and I'll tell him who made him anatomically correct, more or less. Back then you're eyes were always bigger than your appetite. I still don't know what kept him from falling over on me." Both girls were laughing as I followed them into the kitchen. 

I sat down at the kitchen table as Madison got three beers out of the refrigerator. She handed one to Chandra and then turned to give me mine. She froze for a second, seeing me at the table, a soft smile flickering over her lips. With a sigh, she handed me the beer and came over to sit on my lap. She kissed me on the lips softly and then grinned at me.

Chandra watched her for a second and then said, "Okay girlfriend, spill it. I want to hear all the juicy details and I know they were. I know you too well."

Madison laughed and told her all about what had happened on the table in my room. Chandra moved over and sat in a chair next to us as Madison went into great detail. By the time she was through, I had a hard on again and Chandra had a wide-eyed flushed look on her face. When she finished talking no one said anything.

Chandra slowly closed her mouth and then took a long pull on her beer. She sat the bottle on the table and then she blew out a breath before she said with a pouting look on her face, "I knew I was fucking up when I didn't let him eat me. All I got was a royal fucking." 

She paused a second and then grinned, "What the hell am I talking about? I have no complaints. I got what I wanted and a hell of a lot more than I expected. Half a dozen orgasms, was nothing to sneeze at. I couldn't have handled any more."

Madison grinned, held her beer bottle out toward Chandra, and said, "To us, sister." 

Chandra laughed and clinked her bottle against Madison's. "To us."

"Hey, how about me?" I asked.

Madison looked at Chandra and said, "Yeah, how about him?" Then she laughed and Chandra joined in. 

I reached up, pinched and rolled her hard left nipple through her shirt, which made her jump and yell. Chandra laughed harder and reached over to pinch the other one. Madison's hand flew up and grabbed Chandra's hand, holding it at her breast. 

Chandra stopped laughing but a grin crossed her face as she rolled the hard nipple between her fingers. After a moment, Madison groaned softly and arched her back. Chandra glanced at me and then moved closer so she could kiss Madison gently on the lips. 

Madison's hand released Chandra's and snaked up around her neck, pulling her even closer. The point where Madison straddled my thigh suddenly got very warm. I sat my beer bottle on the table and slipped my hand down between her parted thighs, rubbing with firm pressure on the Levi material covering her sex. 

At the same time, I leaned forward and kissed the back of her neck. She moaned again and sat her beer bottle clumsily on the table next to mine, her hand going down to cover mine, pressing it more firmly to her. The heat on my leg was growing by the second. 

Madison's hand left mine and then I heard Chandra give a little gasp. I looked up to see, Madison tweaking and rolling Chandra's nipple slowly between her thumb and forefinger. Suddenly Madison gave a little shuddering jerk and groaned loudly into Chandra's mouth. 

A moment later, she raised her head, breaking the kiss. She leaned her head back against my shoulder and took a couple of deep breaths. I held her, one hand on her left breast and the other between her legs, neither was moving. She slowly raised her head and blew out a sharp breath, 

"Where the hell, did that come from?" She asked of no one in particular. 

Looking at Chandra I said, "I think our little Madison likes kissing you." I paused a second and added, "The fact that we were playing with her nipples and I was rubbing her pussy probably had nothing to do with it."
