 The cruise was her idea. We'd never been on one before, and in fact, had never really considered it. We had always preferred to travel off the beaten path, away from the usual tourist areas. A cruise was so, well, touristy. Pre-packaged. "Fun-in-a-box" was the term we used, intended to be a bit derogatory. I mean, where was the fun in being herded into a town with a couple thousand typical American tourists with just enough time to hit the cheesy souvenir shops and gat couple overpriced and watered down drinks, only to get right back on the boat before sundown? We had always preferred to fly somewhere, find a local (non chain) hotel, chat with the owners, and just head out and start walking. We never really have a destination or a plan...just a great sense of adventure and a love of different cultures and people. Paradise was a local hole in the wall restaurant that the cruise ship crowd would be terrified of. 

It was this sense of adventure that had attracted us to each other in the first place, and that still made my wife, Darla, my best friend in the world. We had met 15 years ago on the ferry between Italy & Greece, when we were both backpacking through Europe the summer after graduating High School. She was absolutely gorgeous. Small, probably no more than 115 pounds soaking wet, but perfectly shaped. I could see her legs from the bottom of her khaki shorts down to her well-worn hiking shoes. They were amazing! Muscled, but petite and smooth -- The kind of legs that you just wanted to touch. She wore a buttoned shirt that only allowed a hint of the breasts underneath, but I saw enough to know they were just right for her tiny frame. On top of it all was a cute as hell blonde ponytail poking out the back of her baseball cap. Why is that so damn sexy, anyway?

Well, we had great time chatting into the night hours, when we both eventually fell asleep on the deck. I hoped we would stay together for a while in Greece. I knew she was something special, though, when she poked me awake early in the morning as the ferry made a stop at some island a few hours away from Corfu, the real destination for all the backpackers. She already had her gear on her back. 

"You coming?" she had said.

"No...this isn't Corfu. This is...actually, I have no idea were this is. We're the next stop."

"This is some beautiful Greek island. Who cares what it's called? Come on...let's go have some fun."

I followed. We found a wonderfully crappy local hotel, and wonderfully crappy restaurants whose owners didn't speak a word of English and hadn't seen tourists in years. We explored Europe and we explored each other for the rest of the summer. It was awesome, and it was the end of my single days. This was my soul mate. We were married a year later.

So now, 15 years down the road, why in the hell was she telling me that we were going on a cruise, of all things? I didn't get it. But, it was what she wanted to give me for our anniversary, and I wasn't going to say no. Who knows? Maybe I would enjoy it more than I thought.

And so it was that we boarded the ship on a sunny and postcard-perfect day in Florida. It was nice -- just as you would expect on a cruise ship. A bit flashy, perhaps, but nice. This particular ship had an art-deco theme, so we kind of admired the art, the hard angles, and the loud colors as we made our way towards the elevators. Somewhere in this behemoth was our room. I realized as we stood in the elevator that Darla had made all the arrangements. I had no idea what kind of room we had. I figured it would be small and simple...that's what I had always heard about these things. Not that it mattered. We wouldn't be spending too much time in there anyway. We were in our thirties now, but we were still very active and in pretty good shape. Our day would probably go from the bed to the restaurant, then the gym. Next would likely be the pool and perhaps the climbing wall out on the sun deck. Sipping margaritas by the pool...clubbing at night, and -- the best part -- back to our tiny room for some vacation sex. This was always something I could count on. For all our years together, Darla always found a way to surprise & thrill me when we went away somewhere. I was anxiously awaiting this particular surprise.

We got off the elevator on something called the "Empress Deck", where a helpful cabin steward met us. He introduced himself as Garcia. He led us to a room that was the exact opposite of what I had imagined. It was huge! Well, not huge by hotel room standards, but huge compared to what I had seen pictures of, and what I imagined a ships room to look like. It was actually two rooms. There was a very elegant sitting room with a couch, plasma TV, and a mini bar. Beyond that was the bedroom. And what a bedroom it was! High class all the way, with a king size bed,, polished wood furniture, mirrors, and a full length glass door out to a surprisingly large deck. I was amazed!

"Do you like it?" Darla asked, with a mischievous smile.

"Are you kidding? Of course I do."

With that, I handed our steward a tip, which he tried to politely refuse. I insisted, though, and he gave up without too much of a fight.

"Thank you, sir. I'll make sure you & your friend will be taken especially good care of. And what time will you friend be arriving?"

I looked at him, obviously confused.

Darla jumped in between us. "Any time now. Will you please tell her that we're out on deck...by the pool bar?"

"Yes, ma'am. Please let me know if you need anything. Enjoy your cruise."

As Garcia left, Darla turned to me with a huge smile, looking like the cat that ate the canary. I was still looking perplexed.

""Our friend?" I asked.

She bit her lower lip, tilted her head down and looked up at me with eyes that could still melt me inside. "Well, this room is pretty expensive, so we're...sharing the cost."

Still not knowing what to make of this, I asked warily, "Sharing with who?"

"Amber." Her smile got even bigger. It was almost a laugh at this point.

Amber was her best friend. They had worked together at a previous job almost 8 years ago & remained friends ever since. We were guests at each other's houses all the time; since the days when it had been Amber & Robert. When they divorced last April, Amber & Darla got closer than ever. The divorce was hard on her, and she credits Darla with helping her survive the ordeal. She even moved in with us for several short periods of time until she finally sold their old house and settled into a new apartment. Robert moved away, so we didn't feel the awkward need to choose sides.

Amber was beautiful in a way completely opposite of Darla. She was a good 12 inches taller, for one; a result of long, slim legs that I always enjoyed looking at during those times at our house when we were all relaxed and dressed for the hot Florida weather. She also had dark skin & dark hair that was an exact contrast to Darla's white & blonde look. For this, she could thank her Indian mother. To top it all off, she had absolutely flawless breasts; much bigger than Darla's thanks to a skilled surgeon back in Tampa.

You simply can't live in a house with someone that looks like that without admitting to yourself and others that you think she's attractive. Darla knew it, and it didn't bother her. She would even tease me about it. They were best friends, after all. Nothing could ever happen. But they both knew I would get horny as hell sometimes when we were all lounging around, the girls dressed for the night at home in as little as possible on those summer nights. There was no hiding my hard cock. Sometimes, while we watched TV, Darla would even reach under my night shorts and stroke me. I found this almost unbearably hot, being stroked with another woman only a few feet away. If we'd had enough wine she would whisper to me while she stroked. "You want to fuck her, don't you, baby? You want to cum on her tits. I know you do." I'm sure Amber knew what we were doing, but she never let on. We would finish our show, or movie, or whatever, and go our separate ways. Darla always gave me a good fucking when we were alone again. She had an amazing appetite for sex, and the sexy roommate seemed to fuel her desires as much as she did mine.

"Amber is coming with us on the cruise? Right here, in the same room?" I still wasn't sure what to make of this. I did know that my cock had gotten rock hard at the mere thought of Darla teasing and playing with me while Amber sat with us again.. But as far as I knew, this was the reason for the 2 room suite. Strictly friends.

"Yes. You know, unless you don't want to share your room with 2 hot girls." Still she flashed the sexy, sly smile. "Come on. Let's go up to the sun deck for a drink."

I looked down at the bulge in my pants. "I might need a minute."

She laughed, came forward and kissed me as she reached for my cock. "Well, we can't have you walking around like that, can we?" she said in a sexy whisper.

She undid my belt & zipper in a quick, practiced motion. My cock eagerly sprang from my shorts, welcoming her slow stroking.

I glanced at the door. "What if Garcia shows up?"

She looked longingly at my cock, now fully hard and obviously ready for more. "Oh. Yeah. That could be awkward." She slowly bent down, getting on her knees. "How about you promise to fuck me good later tonight?" As she finished the last word, her mouth opened and slowly took my cock, her tongue licking the underside as she did.

"As if you need that promise." She worked her mouth up and down my shaft, getting it wet with saliva. "But what about Amber? She's going to be here."

She let my cock out of her mouth and tilted her head to lean under and lick the underside as she spoke. "Well she'll just have to watch, I suppose." Again with the sly smile. Then she opened and took me in her perfect mouth again, followed by slow stroking with her right hand. She looked up at me again. "Would you like that baby? You want to fuck me while Amber watches?" She immediately took me back in her mouth and continued to work my cock.

"Baby, I'll fuck you any time. I would love to fuck you while Amber watches."

"Mmmm" Her speed picked up, and she reached under her skirt. I could tell she was pushing her panties aside and rubbing herself. She moaned and took my cock right down to her throat.

She pulled away, now only her hand giving me slow, loving strokes. "But what about poor Amber? Who's going to fuck her?" She teased. She smiled then, enjoying every minute of revealing her surprise, which I was now pretty sure I understood.

I played along. "I think you should fuck her."

She was licking my shaft now, playfully looking up at me from under my swollen cock. "Yeah? You want to watch your wife fuck another girl?" Her hand was working her clit now, very fast.

My moan gave her the obvious answer, and she once again took my cock all the way into her mouth.

Her eyes were closed now, and I could almost see them rolling back in her head as the lust took her over. 

Darla was in a frenzy. Her hand must have been a blur as she rubbed herself. She groaned again, animal-like, as she stroked me harder, fucking me with her mouth and hand. "Oh, give me your cum baby!" Her knees squeezed together, and her hand slowed. She bucked her head back, releasing my cock to the efforts of her hand. She half screamed, half moaned as her orgasm hit. Her hand was working me perfectly; a hard grip, and a good fast pace. She could sense that I was going to cum, just as she was recovering from her own ecstasy. Just at the exact moment my orgasm rushed, she took me back in her mouth, moaning in pleasure as she did. She kept her lips locked on me as a came for what seemed like forever. Only then, when I was spent, did she retreat from my cock. The small amount of cum that she hadn't swallowed was just around her lips. She smiled that naughty smile again, and started to stand.

We heard a key card swiping in the door just as she stood. I dashed behind the wall separating the bedroom from the sitting room, stuffing my half hard cock in my pants. Darla, however, didn't follow. She simply stood up casually and strolled forward to greet her friend. Garcia didn't come in this time. I guess he figured one grand tour of the room was plenty. I finished dressing and came around the wall to say hello. Now there were 2 beautiful faces looking at me with matching sly, knowing smiles. I realized that Darla still had cum around her mouth and hadn't even tried to hide it! Amber, of course, had noticed also.

"I see you two have gotten started without me. No fair."

I could only stand there dumbfounded as she leaned over and kissed Darla on the mouth, licking around the edges to take the remaining cum into her own mouth. She punctuated this with a sweep of Darla's chin with her finger, taking the last of my cum by then sucking on her finger.

"Mmmmm." She said, eyes closed, and head slightly tilted back in pleasure. "Hi Richard. Happy Anniversary."

I felt like an awkward teenager as all I could manage was a stuttering series of sounds that never quite became a word.

Darla strolled toward me, took my hand, stood on her tiptoes and kissed me.

"Happy Anniversary baby. Welcome to the best cruise ever."