 Without bothering to unpack, the three of us headed up to the pool bar. The girls found seats at a table near the railing on the bay side of the ship, while I went to fetch drinks. Margaritas, to be specific. This was a tropical cruise, after all, and I figured margaritas were an appropriate drink to start off with.

I got back to the table, and the girls were giggling. The now familiar cat-that-ate-the-canary grins were in full bloom. I set our drinks on the table.

"So...not that I'm complaining, mind you...but, um, exactly what the heck is going on here?" As I sat, I fished the ridiculous umbrella out of my glass.

Darla took a sip from her straw and exchanged a playful glance with Amber.

"Well, this is one week fun...a reward to ourselves for all the years of hard work. This is a week of telling the world to piss off. For seven days, there is no business to run. There are no phone calls to return, and nowhere that we have to be. And for fuck's sake, no bills to pay." She nodded toward her friend. "For Amber, there is no ex-husband, no filthy, money-grubbing lawyers." Her eyes found mine again. "For seven days, our time is our own. We live for ourselves."

Amber reached in, touching her glass to Darla's as if giving a toast. Her eyes moved from Darla's to mine. "We want to drink before five o'clock, we drink." She lowered her lips to the straw, holding eye contact with me. She had beautiful eyes, with long, dark lashes.

Darla made a show of joining her in a sip. She raised a fist in the air, to punctuate the point. "Exactly."

Not wanting to feel left out, I raised my glass and drank as well. "Well, then, here's to margaritas for lunch."

Darla scooted her chair closer to Amber's and gave her a soft, playful nudge with her hip. "Amber & I have been planning this for a while now. We're best friends, and we talk. When she was living with us, after Robert left..." She made face like something tasted bad when she said the name. "...it wasn't lost on either of us that you found her attractive. I mean, obviously I knew it, because we had a lot of fun in our bedroom fueled by the fantasy. But she knew it too. So one day about 3 months ago we had a pretty good amount of wine, and we talked about it."

She looked at her friend. "Robert's an asshole, and the divorce has sucked for her. Robert sucks, the divorce sucks, the lawyers suck, and she needs a break." The bad taste look that accompanied the speaking of the name "Robert" went away, replaced by a teasing smile and another hip check. "She also needs to get laid." 

That brought a laugh from both of them. Amber slapped Darla on the arm. I think it also brought a little margarita out her nose. Her hand quickly covered and wiped it up. When she managed to swallow, she laughed out loud. She gave a second playful arm slap. 

"Bitch!" she teased.

Darla still laughed. "What? Are you saying you don't?"

"Oh no, I do. I definitely do."

Darla looked back at me. "So she's here because she's my best friend. My best friend needs to get laid, and my husband has a threesome fantasy. And me? Well, I suppose I'm just a little dirtier version of Cupid." She struck a silly pose, pretending to shoot a tiny, invisible bow.

Amber now looked me in the eye. "Are you cool with this, Richard? If not, I'm out of here."

I nearly replicated the margarita-out-the-nose maneuver. "What am I an idiot? Of course I'm cool with it!"

Darla looked me in the eye. "It's going to be e very sexy week, but I'm only asking for one rule. This is not a ticket to cheat on me. All I ask is that nothing happens without me there. No sneaking off alone, just the two of you. I would consider that cheating. If I'm there, it's open and honest. That's not cheating. Deal?"

"Deal." We shared a very theatrical handshake over the table.

Amber rattled the ice in her empty glass. She raised an eyebrow to me in a clear message of 'Now take off and get another round.'

As I stood in line by the bar, I saw the girls quietly talking. There was a lot of smiling and a good amount of giggling as well.

And so the day went. We had a few more rounds out on the deck, keeping our great table until after the ship had gotten underway. As we hit the open water, we gave up the table and headed for the pool.

The girls had each bought a new bikini for the trip. Amber's was pure white and very simple. It was striking against her dark skin. The cut of the bottom was very high on her hips, which made her long legs look even longer. The top didn't hide much. Her breasts were perfect. Dark, round, and quite large on her very slim body. Darla's was brown; dark brown, with a built in belt patterned in orange-bronze shades. It rode lower on the hips, allowing me to see the sexy little dip where her hip bone gave way to her toned tummy. Her top was accented by a wooden hoop where the cups met, and gave her somewhat smaller breasts a nice push upwards and together. They looked sexy as hell lying in the sun side by side.

I couldn't believe I was actually living this. It was all I could do to keep my cool throughout the day. The girls didn't make it any easier. They teased me mercilessly all day long.

I enjoyed watching them. You could tell they were true best friends. They had great fun together all day long, completely comfortable in each other's company. I'd have felt left out actually...a little like a third wheel...but they went out of their way to not let that happen. Private jokes were explained, and I was always included in the conversations.

Darla seemed very happy. She was with her two favorite people in the world, and it showed. She was content. We all were. Our first day together was truly, truly full of joy.

Dinner followed the pool, and a visit to one of the lounges followed dinner. We all agreed that a few drinks at the piano bar sounded better than the whole process and ritual of going to the late night dance club. I, of course, was all for this, because I was dying to get back to our cabin for the night. I'm pretty sure the girls were ready for that as well, actually. When I suggested after two rounds at the piano bar that we head back to the room, the girls just looked at each other in some kind of secret, girls only non-verbal communication and then quickly agreed. 

When we got back to the room, I was rock hard and just aching for a touch. I had a fairly good idea what this night had in store, but I honestly wasn't sure how to proceed. I mean, Darla had made it clear that Amber was here to join us and the two of them had driven me crazy with teasing all day long. But I'd never actually had a threesome before, and to be honest, it was a little awkward to think about sex with Amber right there in front of my wife.

Darla took the need for me to make a decision away. She told me to break into the mini bar and fix one last round of drinks. She & Amber then passed through to the bedroom and out of sight.

I was half way to the mini bar when I realized I was stroking myself through my pants as I walked. The teasing the girls had put me through was torturous. Needing both hands to mix our drinks, I reluctantly stopped and proceeded to raid the mini bar.

Drinks were finished -- Appleton rum & cokes this time -- and the girls were still in the bedroom, so I decided to flip on the TV. It was on the channel that advertised all the things to do on board. That was fine, I didn't want to watch anyway.

I was halfway through my drink when the girls made their entrance. Darla came out first. I now knew that the girls were getting dressed in new outfits picked out for the occasion. Darla wore black stockings held in place by a black garter belt. Leather, I noticed, as I began to take her in. There were no panties. Her thin strip of pubic hair showed proudly right under the belt, and I could see that she'd been to the spa recently by how thin her strip of hair was trimmed. She had no bra; instead she was wearing some kind of leather straps that criss-crossed several times across her abdomen & chest. Her tits were in full view, and they showed that she was at least as excited as I was. Her nipples were rock hard. Her shoes were new as well, black also, and with very high spiked heels and leather straps that crossed similarly to her top. The effect was amazing. The black contrasted with her fair skin & blond hair, and seemed to shape her and draw my eye to all the right places. She smiled that seductive smile, then half turned to reach into the bedroom and guide her best friend by the waist through the door.

Amber was dressed in black as well, which created a different effect on her darker skin. She was taller, more slender. She wore boots that went just past the knee of her incredibly long legs. The heel must have been 5 inches, making her already tall, long body look even taller. Around her waist was a silver chain, loosely hanging from the thinnest part or her flat tummy on one side then angling down to widest past of her waist on the other. Next was her bra, which wasn't really a bra at all. It was leather and cupless, with three thin chains where each cup would have been. I'd never seen Amber's tits before. They were spectacular; larger than Darla's, round, and gravity defying. Her nipples were at attention as well, probably thanks in part to the chains that would brush them as she moved. Around her neck was a black leather collar, about an inch & a half around, with very fine silver chains made into a lace-like pattern hanging down in the front. Lastly, I saw that Amber's pussy was shaven completely bare; something that I found terrifically erotic.

"What do think?" Darla asked, breaking the spell I had fallen into admiring the two of them in their new outfits.

They looked amazing, and there were no words I could put together that would adequately answer the question.

"Wow." Was about all I could manage.

They smiled at each other, obviously proud of the effect they had on me.

Darla nudged Amber. "Why don't you go get him undressed. I'll get our drinks."

My wife's best friend walked up to the couch and lifted one foot onto the cushion beside me, showing me her smooth, bare, wet pussy for the first time. She pulled me forward so that my face was just inches away from her; close enough to smell her. I reached up with one hand to stroke her thigh and began pulling my shirt from my pants with the other. Amber helped, and in a flash my shirt was off. Now Darla was beside me as well, lifting me; guiding me to stand up. She pressed herself against me so that I felt how hard her nipples were. I couldn't resist reaching down to pinch one. As I did, she let out a small gasp. She reached up with her free hand -- one held her drink -- and caressed her other breast.

I felt my belt being undone. Amber had kneeled down and was now unzipping me. Darla watched her, still feeling her own breast as she took another sip of her rum & coke. Amber pulled my clothing down to reveal a cock harder and more excited that it had ever been. She left my pants above my knees long enough to grab it and start stroking very slowly while she looked up at Darla.

"I've wanted to do this for so long." She said. "Ever since you used to stroke him off on the couch when I was staying with you, thinking I didn't notice." She leaned into me and slowly worked her tongue once around my swollen head. A tiny link of pre cum formed a link between my cock and her mouth when she pulled away. She swept a finger under it and fed it into her mouth.

Amber then stood, put a hand on Darla's ass and pulled her in for a deep, surprisingly passionate kiss. Amber moaned, and replaced the hand Darla still had on her breast with her own. Darla responded by reaching up to grab the back of Amber's head and they kissed even deeper.

I finished removing my clothes, and started to stroke my shaft, happy to watch them get lost in each other's kiss. It went on for a long time. Their hands roamed, and I enjoyed watching their hardened nipples touch each other. Ultimately, the kiss ended, and Darla slid herself in place behind Amber, her hard nipples pressed into Amber's back. I saw her hands caress down Amber's waist and down to her bare pussy, causing her to spread her legs slightly. I watched as Darla's finger sunk into her best friend's pussy. Amber's eyes closed and her head tilted back in pleasure. Now Darla peeked from behind her. A slight nod of her head beckoned me forward. I obeyed, pressing into Amber with one hand on her tiny waist and the other reaching up to her nipple which peeked out beyond one of the small chains. Amber's nipples were smaller than Darla's, but they were rock hard and obviously sensitive; she gasped lightly as my fingers found it. Darla was still fingering Amber's pussy. "Oh, fuck." she whispered, enjoying the attention from both me and my wife. I felt a hand on my cock, stroking it slowly, firmly. It was Amber. "Oh God, I want that cock. I need that cock to fuck me."

Darla moved from behind her. She eyed me seductively and licked her finger which had just been in Amber's pussy as she crossed the room and moved the table from in front of the sofa. Amber continued her rhythmic stroking on my aching cock. Darla took Amber away by the hand and led her to the sofa. She sat Amber down and kneeled on the floor in front of her. Amber spread her legs wide and reached down to rub her clit. Her other hand was on her perfect, round breast, rolling her nipple between her thumb and forefinger. Darla directed me. "Why don't you come let Amber suck that beautiful cock, baby?" This prompted a small moan from Amber. I saw the hand rubbing her pussy speed up slightly. I couldn't help but to pause for a moment as I walked to join them. My wife was on her knees, about to lick her best friend's pussy. Amber was lost in pleasure, openly masturbating right in front of me. I could hardly believe it was happening.

I climbed onto the sofa where Amber was very eagerly awaiting a chance to suck my cock. She reached for me with the hand she had been masturbating with, and immediately took my full length in her mouth. It felt incredible...different. Only my wife had sucked my cock for 15 years now. She was fantastic. But this mouth, this rhythm, this grip, they were all different. The feeling was amazing.

I was snapped out of my daze when Amber withdrew from my dick and let out a scream. "Oh Fuck!" I saw that my wife's blonde head was buried between her legs, licking her pussy that was now very much ready to climax. She screamed again, but my cock filled her mouth, so the sound was stifled. It was an effort not to cum right then and there. I tried to hold back as watched the scene for the next few minutes. My wife ate pussy like a pro...not timid or tentative. She looked like she was truly enjoying herself, and like she must have done it before. Only a few minutes passed when Amber's first orgasm rocked her. She released me from her mouth, but kept a good, firm, stroking motion on my cock as she came. Her hips thrust forward into Darla's face and her head bucked back violently. She moved her hips in a fucking motion, as if there were an invisible dick she was pushing into. For almost half a minute this went on. Finally, as she stopped bucking and began to relax, Darla' beautiful, smiling face looked up at her friend. She still had fingers slowly pressing in and out of her now soaking wet pussy. Amber shuddered as Darla gave her one final lick and began to shift positions. I was directed down now, into a seated position so Darla could have her turn at sucking me. She was very turned on, and had me right down her throat immediately. Her hands worked me furiously, and there was a hunger in her eyes when she looked up at me. After a few minutes of this, Amber had recovered and was having a swallow of her drink, watching us.

Amber kneeled, and then slowly crawled right next to Darla, putting their two contrasting beautiful faces side by side with my cock in front of them. As Darla continued to stroke me they kissed. It was a deep, lustful, almost animalistic kiss. When it broke, Amber lifted herself slightly to get at my cock, and Darla guided me into her, feeding me into her awaiting mouth. Darla's hand stroked me as Amber's mouth worked up and down, the two of them in perfect rhythm. Darla could tell I couldn't stand it any longer.

"Are you ready to cum, baby? Are you ready to give it to us?" The sound I made was the answer. I watched as my wife stroked my cock into her friends mouth, neither of them stopping or breaking the rhythm one bit. My orgasm welled up in my balls, and I could feel the first spasm of intense pleasure. Amber locked her mouth down on me, moaning in ecstasy as my cum exploded from me. The second spasm. Amber was still there, greedily drinking it down. With a loud "Ohhhhhhhh!" she released, and now Darla pulled me toward her own mouth, just a little too late for the third spasm, which shot a measure of cum onto Amber's shoulder and part of Darla's tits. "Oh yeah, cum good, baby!" she said as she continued to jerk me off into her waiting mouth. It was not too late; I continued to spasm and filled her with a surprising amount of cum despite Amber having taken the first of it. Amber quickly leaned in and locked lips with Darla. Cum fell from their mouths onto their chests as they kissed. Neither had swallowed the load they had taken. It was incredibly erotic to watch them kiss and lick each other, their mouths and faces both now soaked with cum. My excitement had produced plenty of it, and it now fell from their soaking kiss onto their chests and arms. Despite having just had a rocking orgasm, I stroked myself as I watched their long kiss. Finally, I slipped myself off the sofa to join the girls on the floor. They turned to me and I kissed my wife. Deeply. I tasted the cum that soaked her mouth. Next I did the same to Amber, who seemed surprised that I would be willing to taste my own fluid. I just smiled, leaned over and licked more off her chest, returning to her mouth with my tongue full. She eagerly took it in a good, long kiss.

As I withdrew from Amber's mouth, I saw that my wife had lay down on the floor and was on her back furiously masturbating, now with both hands. She had two fingers up her hole with her left hand and her right was rubbing her large clit. Amber looked at her with adoring eyes. Needing to recover, I simply watched as Amber crawled on top of her. She began to rub her cum soaked tits on Darla's, their bodies gyrating together. Amber slowly worked her way downward until her tits and then her face found Darla's open, eagerly waiting pussy. When Amber's tongue found her swollen clit, the reaction was almost immediate. In very little time, Darla had an intense orgasm. She bucked her hips and forced her pussy into Amber's willing mouth and seemed lost in intense pleasure for the next minute. 

Amazingly, my cock was passing halfway on the journey to being hard again as I enjoyed the scene playing out in front of me. As she made my wife cum, Amber was on her hands and knees, placing her ass and her soaked pussy in full view. She had slowed her efforts between Darla's legs as the orgasm waned, but hadn't stopped completely. She still gave gentle caresses and occasional licks on the wet lips before her. I stroked myself enough to get fully hard again and kneeled behind her. Entering her was easy. Her pussy was incredibly wet. She gasped and forgot for a moment about her work on Darla's pussy as I began to slowly fuck her. She pushed back against me, matching my rhythm, and spoke something that was more of a moan than a recognizable word. Very soon her eyes opened and she returned her attention to Darla's pussy, which was still spread out before her. Darla, I knew, was easily capable of several orgasms in a row. I was sure she was not finished. Amber's pussy felt amazing. It was different that Darla's. I thought this was probably because of the smoothness. She was completely without hair, which I was not accustomed to. Darla kept herself trimmed, but there was always some hair remaining, especially around the sensitive lips. Amber had none, and the feeling was fantastic. I found that I had to slow my pace to avoid coming again already. She was also now fully involved in eating Darla's pussy again. She was regularly letting out moans, which were muted by the fact that her mouth was buried in the wet cunt she was concentrating on.
