 After hearing that Brianna had been talking with Olivia about our sex being the best she ever had, it got me wondering about how much my reputation had travelled around the office. 

Turns out it had gotten around. The risk of office romance, right? Well, it got me thinking: I've already screwed all the women in the office out of time, so why not try for in-time sex? Group sex had always intrigued me, so I thought it might be worth a try. 

I started off small by broaching the subject of a threesome with Brianna after a particularly vigorous shag. She quickly said she was not interested in that but was probably also wondering why she was getting wet again. Little did she know I had frozen time and gone down on her. 

A week later, I made sure to have Brianna "accidentally" walk in on me watching a porn video with group sex in it. She found herself getting wet again and took it in stride, sitting down next to me to watch the video with me. 

To reward her for joining in, I froze time and went down on her, giving her a massive orgasm once time started again. She froze up with her mouth open and then started shaking, screaming in ecstasy. 

Once she finished, I looked at her with amazement, asking what just happened. "I don't know. I haven't told you but you talking about including others has been turning me on and now I just came from simply watching this with you...I have never even been interested in that kind of thing before."

After this, we of course had animalistic sex and with my time stopping I must have cum at least seven times. Every one of my orgasms came after about two or three of Brianna's. Our talk must have really turned her on, as she normally did not cum that much. 

The night only ended after both Brianna and I passed out, me still lodged in her. Meanwhile, the sheets were absolutely ruined from all of the cum and vaginal juices. We had been going through clean sheets like tissues lately. 

It only took a few more times like that before Brianna suggests to me today that we include other women in our sex. Wow, that didn't take long. 

"That sounds so sexy. Do you have anyone in mind?" I ask. 

"Well," she responds, "I have a confession to make. In all the office gossip between the girls, I may have bragged about what a good lay you are."

I already know this from overhearing Olivia and Diane, but put on a face of surprise and a little bit of annoyance and interrupt her: "How can you just go around talking about our sex life with people at the office?"

"I can't help it! I have never experienced pleasure like with you and can't stop myself from telling about it. Anyways, a few of the women at work have taken an interest in my stories of our escapades. I have even seen them checking you out."

"And?"

"I have been thinking of including some of them in our play. What do you think? I know you have a thing for group sex."

"How would that work? Sounds like bringing that up would be a great way to get accused of sexual harassment."

The rest of the week goes by as normal: working during the day, making sure to grab some sex out of time during the day, and mind-blowing sex with Brianna later at night. She doesn't mention anything about group sex with coworkers so I figured she had moved on from it. 

Today is Friday and after sex Brianna tells me "So I was talking to Jessica today. She is definitely into it. You know, joining us."

It doesn't come as a surprise to me that Jessica, 5'2'', 140 pounds, C cups, is into it, either, as I had been getting her wet each time she sees me just as I had with Brianna. And as with Brianna, she is now creaming without any help from me. From that, I can't imagine it took much convincing but figure it's probably better to act surprised. 

"Really!? She's actually into it and you are too? That is so fucking hot!" I reply. 

"Of course I am. I have never been into it before and can't explain it, but thinking about sharing you with another woman has been getting me so hot lately."

On Monday, Brianna asks Jessica out to lunch, telling me she is going to broach the subject. They get back about an hour later and they both bring me into the break room. Before they say anything, I freeze time and check their pussies. Seeing they are both wet, I take that as a good sign. 

"So, Brianna and I had a long talk at lunch," Jessica says. "It seems both of you are interested in having a threesome. I have to say, the idea intrigues me. I don't know what it is, but you have been turning me on for months now. Just the sight of you gets me wet. We were thinking about tonight."

I am about to burst with excitement and freeze time just before I break out in screams of joy. I can't believe my plan worked. 

The rest of the workday feels like it takes eons and I am relieved when Brianna and I drive home. Back at my place, Brianna immediately strips off her clothes and walks into the bedroom. A few minutes later, she walks out wearing just a shelf bra and no panties. 

Seeing her DD tits on display like that, I can't wait until Jessica arrives and decide to have an appetizer. Forcefully grabbing her, I lift her up and throw her over my shoulder. She is giggling while I do this and play-hitting my back. 

Once I throw her on the bed, she curls her finger in a "come hither" motion. I don't wait for any more encouragement and dive right into her breasts, sucking, grabbing, licking, and overall just going to town on them. 

Brianna is moaning in ecstasy and we at first don't hear the doorbell. I run downstairs to answer the door and see Jessica there wearing a trench coat. 

"I was beginning to think you two had second thoughts," she says. Her eyes then wander down and see the tent I am pitching. "Well, looks like the party got started without me." 

As she says this, she walks inside, closes the door, and throws off the trench coat to show she is naked underneath. Now, I already knew this, as I had frozen time when I opened the door and saw that she wasn't wearing anything underneath. 

To my disappointment, I had seen that she had a full bush. Now, I say HAD because that simply would not do; it had to be remedied. I had run upstairs to grab a razor with some shaving cream and proceeded to shave her whole bush off. Much better that way.  

Once she takes off the coat, it takes her a few seconds before she realizes something is different. She starts to say "What the hell ju..." before I push her down and slam my mouth onto hers in a deep kiss that she returns immediately. I can see out of the corner of my eye that Brianna has entered the room before I lose sight of her behind me. Looking behind me, I see that Brianna is kissing Jessica also, just on her vertical smile. 

That is too hot for me, so I jump off Jessica, head behind Brianna, and slam myself in her sopping wet slit. By this point, Jessica is starting to cum and screaming in pleasure: "Oh my God, Brianna! Don't stop!"

And stop she does not. She keeps on diving in, her face slamming repeatedly into Jessica's pussy in rhythm with my thrusts in and out of her. 

Jessica is basically screaming like a banshee when Brianna finally cums at the same time I release my load into her. We have a long night ahead of us, so I freeze time right before I cum so I can keep going for as many rounds as Brianna and Jessica are up for. 

Brianna collapses onto the floor, her face slamming into Jessica's pussy, while Jessica lays panting on her back. "Joe, I need you inside me NOW. Get over here!"

Before I do this, I look in the bag she brought and see a strap-on. "What is this for? There is no way you're using it on my ass."

At this, she sheepishly answers "Brianna told me you two had been really kinky and, well, I have always wanted to try double penetration. What do you think?"

"Sounds sexy. Brianna?"

"Mmm. As long as I can get some kinky action." As she says this, Brianna is already strapping it on and getting ready. 

Jessica lifts he ass in the air and says "yeah, baby. I've been a bad girl. I need to be taught a lesson." As she says this, she slaps her ass cheeks so hard it leaves a red mark. 

As I stand silently by, amazed at the turn tonight's events are taking, Brianna walks up to Jessica and enters her ass without easing her way in; she just slams the strap-on to the hilt in one motion. 

Jessica makes to scream in surprise but it turns into a load moan of pleasure: "Motherfucker, yes! Joe, get in me now!"

I don't need any other encouragement and take a position lying under her. I guide myself into her and relish the feeling. I have fucked countless women since being able to stop time, but Jessica's pussy feels as good as any. 

Jessica just takes it as Brianna and I slam in and out of her repeatedly. "Yes," she says, "fuck me harder!" She then tenses up her whole body and cums like a freight train: "OMIGOD, OMIGOD, OMIGOD! OMI fucking GOD. What the hell is going on? How am I cumming so much?"

This makes me think we're going too hard, so I start to pull out and she screams "don't you dare stop! Give this whore what she deserves!"

I don't want to leave Brianna out, though, so I freeze time and give her some attention. I take the strap-on off and proceed to eat her out. 

Her pussy is already dripping wet and I waste no time eating her like I haven't eaten in days. I'll tell ya, she tastes so good it is almost like I haven't eaten in days. When I finally pull back, my lips are drenched. After wiping them off, I put the strap-on back on Brianna and put it back in Jessica's ass. 

After getting back in my previous position, I restart time. "Oh my fucking God!!" Brianna immediately screams. "I'm cumming, I'm cumming, I'm cumming, I'm cumming!" She then proceeds to black out while the strap-on is still in Jessica and falls forward onto Jessica. 

Her weight on top of Jessica pushes me even deeper into Jessica and I am almost not able to freeze time before shooting a load inside her. Luckily I am, though, as I want to keep this night going. 

With Brianna collapsed on top of her and me shooting inside of her, Jessica starts screaming in pleasure: "Fuck yes. You are a fucking god, Joe. I have never cum this hard before! FUUUUCK!! Is it ever going to stop!?!?" After this, she too loses consciousness so I am inside a woman that is passed out on top of me who has a woman passed on top of her while inside her ass. If only I could get a picture of that. 

It takes about a minute, but Brianna finally wakes up and pulls out of Jessica, removing the strap-on as she does. As soon as she tries to stand, her legs give out and she starts to fall to the floor, her eyes bugging out in surprise. I have dislodged from Jessica by this point, so I jump up and run over to catch her. 

I make it over in time and catch her before she falls to the floor. Brianna says "Oh, baby" and starts moaning. I am a little confused by this until I realize she is moving up and down and I can feel her warmth on my cock. Looking down, I see that I am lodged in her forbidden forest. 

It seems, in my rush over to catch her, my penis found its way into her without my even realizing it. Briana sure did, though, as she is moaning loudly while intersperesed with some "Oh yeah"s, "fuck me hard"s, and "I need your cock"s. 

While Brianna is vigorously slamming up and down my pole, I feel some arms wrap around my neck and full breasts pushed against my back. Seems Jessica regained consciousness. 

I can feel her mouth next to my ear as she whispers. "That was amaaaazing. I am not sure how you are still going, as you have cum two times already, but I am going to destroy you. You'll wish you never invited me over after I'm done with you. I am going to fuck you raw."

With this, she claws her fingernails into my back and I can feel them breaking the skin. The mix of the pain from that and the pleasure of being inside Brianna sends me over the edge and I cum inside Brianna, freezing time right before. 

Brianna screams out, in the throughs of her own orgasm: "o my God. How the fuck do you do this? FUUUUUUCK! Harder, harder, harder! Give this slut what she wants!"

Seeing as I came out of time, I am able to keep savagely thrusting inside Brianna as she continues screaming in ecstasy. Seeing the cum dripping out of Brianna around my cock as I continue thrusting, Jessica kneels down and starts licking what is seeping out. 

The combination of pounding Brianna and Jessica licking around the base of my cock sends me over the edge again. "Ph, fuck!" I grunt and lean into Brianna's shoulder as I freeze time

This is the strongest orgasm yet, as I lose my breath for a few seconds and my legs give out after I restart time. Luckily Jessica is standing there to steady me. Brianna is not so lucky, as she falls to the floor and then raises to her hands and knees. 

Her legs and arms are shaking, clearly having trouble supporting her bodyweight. While she is in that position, I freeze time and first check her crotch. She is already overflowing from all of my spunk so far tonight. Let's add some more, I decide. 

She is in the perfect position for doggy-style, so I line up and ram into her. That ass looks perfect in front of me and I let loose a torrent of slaps on it. 

I slap her so hard that my hands start to hurt. I can only imagine how her ass will feel after time starts. After pounding away for a while, I send my fifth load of the day into her. 

Once I recover, I head over to my position where I was being steadied by Jessica and restart time. Once time starts, Brianna valiantly struggles to stay on her hands and knees but ends up collapsing on the floor. 

During this, she is wailing in ecstasy while her whole body is shaking. Jessica, meanwhile, has wiped some of my cum from her pussy onto her finger and puts it into Brianna's mouth. Brianna starts sucking hard on Jessica's finger. They then start sucking each others' faces. 

Jessica is presenting quite the view from behind, her ass up in the air, and I just can't pass it up. Seeing as we have been going for two hours and this will be my sixth orgasm, I decide to make this the last of the night. 

I slam into her and hear her moan in pleasure. Brianna, meanwhile, has reversed herself so that Jessica is eating her out. With each of my thrusts, Jessica's face is slammed farther into Brianna's pussy followed by it pulling back. 

I grab Jessica's breasts from behind and fondle them. Jessica moans in pleasure and takes a break from sucking Brianna's slit to tell me "o yeah. Punish this dirty girl. Use those breasts to show her how dirty she is."

I don't need any more encouragement and start pulling hard on her tits, making sure to pay extra attention to her nipples. Throughout this, Jessica is moaning into Brianna and starts convulsing in orgasm. Soon after, Brianna follows suit and I end the night by cumming inside Jessica with time going. 

Both women must be absolutely exhausted, as they both are passed out on the floor when I decide to nod off also, not even bothering to get dressed or move onto the couch. 

The next morning, the carpet has several stains on it and the bed sheets are thoroughly ruined. I end up waking up first and look over at Brianna and Jessica. Seeing as they are caked in dried cum and sleeping in each others' arms, I think they had a good time. 

Realizing I am famished, I head to the kitchen and start cooking some eggs, still in the nude. Right as I am finishing, I feel arms wrap around my neck and ample breasts press into my back. Another pair of hands cover my eyes. 

I am pushed into a lying position on the floor and one of them mounts my already hard cock. The other woman ties my feet to the table and pins my arms on the floor. Whoever is riding me is really worked up, as she is moving up and down furiously on my pole while moaning in ecstasy. 

I don't last long but make sure I freeze time before cumming. Almost immediately I feel my penis being unsheathed and placed in another cavern. In that time, I am really trying to figure out who just finished riding my pole and who is now starting. 

The feeling of the second woman lowering herself onto me pushes these thoughts from my mind. Whichever woman she is, her pussy feels exquisite and like it was made specifically for my cock. 

I erupt into woman number two, of course with time stopped, and feel her slide off. My hand are then tied to a chair. I can then hear the women whispering nearby. 

"How is he still hard?" Asks Jessica. 

"See," says Brianna, "I told you. He just seems to be able to cum as many times as he wants."

"Hmmm... What do you say we put that to the test?"

With this, I feel a pussy dropped onto my still hard dick and start riding it. The other pussy, meanwhile, is lowered onto my mouth. I take the invitation and start to eat whoever it is out. The combination of penetrating one woman with my tongue while I penetrate the other with my penis is too much and I send my third load of the morning into the woman who is riding me. As if this is the cue they were both waiting for, I can hear both women scream and shake in simultaneous orgasms. 

Quickly sliding off of me, they switch places and it starts over again. This goes on for an hour before they finally give up from exhaustion. I can feel one of them untying me and the blindfold removed. 

Damn, is the kitchen going to need one hell of a scrubbing. There is semen on the floor all around me and covering my crotch. Brianna and Jessica, meanwhile, are standing nearby with copious amounts of cum dripping down their legs. 

Jessica is wide eyed and exclaims at me "Damn! You came at least twenty times and I swear I came over a hundred. What are you, some kind of sex God? This was, by far, the best sex I have ever had. I think you may have ruined me for any other guy." As she is saying this, her eyes have drifted to my crotch and I can see that she is very slightly licking her lips. 

After breakfast, eating in the nude of course, Jessica says she will take a shower and head out. She decides to talk to me and Brianna while she is doing so: "the strangest thing happened on my way here. I have always had a full bush and swear I did when I left my place on my way here last night but when I got here I was completely bare. Maybe I just forgot shaving it."

After a contemplative pause, she says "fuck it. The sex was perfect and I think I actually like my pussy bald."

While she is taking a shower, I make sure to take her coat, the only thing she wore over last night, and hide it in the attic. 

She had walked to the shower naked, so when she walks out looking for her jacket where she had dropped it, she doesn't realize yet the predicament she is in. See, Brianna is about four sizes smaller than her, so there is no way she can wear Brianna's clothes home. Instead, she will have to go with the guy who has clothes that are much too big on her.

"Wait," she says, "where is my jacket?"

"What do you mean? Isn't it right there?" I say, pointing in the corner. Seeing as it is not there, I act surprised. 

She starts running around the room looking for it but obviously does not find it. I go into my room and grab some clothes, walking back and throwing the towards her. "Here; you can use these."

"What are you talking about? If I go home on the train like this, it will be obvious I spent the night at some guy's house." After looking at her watch, she says "shit, I have to get out of here anyway. 

She grabs my clothes and hurriedly puts them on, then coming over and giving me a deep kiss. She says "I had a great time last night" before running out the door. 

Brianna saw all this and has a devilish smirk on her face. "Ya, we are definitely going to have to do this again."