 Rebecca’s hair was still damp as she walked in her robe to answer the knocking at the door.  When she opened it there stood Stacy with a bright smile.  Stacy’s eyes looked Rebecca over excitedly and lifted the brown paper bag in her left hand.

“I wanted to drop this stuff off.  You left in a hurry last night I wanted to at least drop it off this morning.”  Rebecca’s heart and cunt warmed over when Stacy’s hand went to Rebecca’s and pulled her close to place a kiss on her lips.  Stacy walked past her into the kitchen and placed the bag on the counter.  

Rebecca closed the door and joined Stacy in the kitchen as she began to empty the bag.  Stacy watched Rebecca closely as she sat down on the stool near the counter.

“You’re awfully quiet this morning.”  Rebecca smiled.

“I’m not really a morning person.  I’m more of a niteowl.”  Stacy smiled wide and said,

“That you are!”  She cleared her throat watching Rebecca stand on her tip toes putting the Tupperware into the cabinets.  “So do you feel like there’s an enormous elephant in the room or is it just me?”  Rebecca looked over her left shoulder and asked,

“What do you mean?”  Stacy stood up and walked over to Rebecca placing her hand on Rebecca’s lower back.

“Last night we both said the “L” word and I was just wondering how we feel about it this morning.”  Rebecca sighed and leaned against the cabinet.  Stacy stood in front of Rebecca and brushed Rebecca’s brown hair away from her face and stared into Rebecca’s eyes.  

“Stacy, I do care for you.  On some level I do love you.”  Stacy looked at her and asked,

“Some level?”  Stacy stepped away from Rebecca and Rebecca grabbed Stacy’s hand.

“Today is my six year wedding anniversary with Jim.  He just got into the shower and truth be told he’s jealous of you.”

“Jealous?”  Stacy looked toward the shower and smirked.  “Really?”  Rebecca sighed and shook her head raising her hand to her forehead.

“Stacy, this isn’t a joke anymore.  My marriage is on the line.”  Stacy looked at Rebecca and bit her lower lip.  She moved into Rebecca’s body space and kissed her lips as she pulled open Rebecca’s robe.  

Stacy’s hand found Rebecca’s right breast as Rebecca arched her back toward Stacy.  Her breast aching for Stacy’s thumb to never stop rubbing the nipple.  When they broke from the kiss Stacy held Rebecca’s C cup breast in her hand and looked down to her pussy.

“What time do the two of you have to be at work?”  Rebecca smiled and said,

“Jim and I just called in sick.  Being that it’s Friday we were planning on possibly going up to a cabin that is in his family.”  Stacy bent down and licked Rebecca’s nipple suckling gently on the nipple.  Rebecca’s hand fell on the back of Stacy’s head.  Stacy looked up at her and asked,

“You mean you were going to leave me here all weekend?”  Rebecca held on to her head and felt guilt pour over her.

“We decided it this morning.  Being that it was our anniversary and we’ve been rather busy lately we were thinking it might be time to take a little R and R.”  Stacy stood up and unbuttoned her white blouse.  She untucked it as she stepped back from Rebecca.  

Rebecca’s cunt was becoming over heated as she stared at Stacy’s breasts knowing what was going to happen in the very near future.  Stacy’s nipples were poking through her white lacy bra as she kicked off her black heels.

“Where’s your phone?”  Rebecca stood there in her white robe with her body revealed as she pointed to the north wall of their apartment.  “Great!  I’m calling in sick, Becca.  I’m going to give you and Jim the best anniversary present you’ll ever have.”  She smiled and reached for the cordless phone.  Once she was busy dialing Rebecca figured she should tell Jim.  

She walked into the steamy bathroom and heard Jim singing along to one of his favorite songs and she peeked into the shower stall.  When he saw her he smiled and bent over kissing her mouth.  

“I’ll be out in two minutes.  You can’t possibly be already packed.”

“You’re right I can’t be.”  She took her robe off and slid into the shower with him.  His soapy hands reached around her body and he kissed her as his hands roamed to her firm buttocks.  His two index fingers sliding into the crevice of her buttocks and finding her anal opening.  When Rebecca broke the kiss she looked at him and said, “Stacy’s out there and she wants to give us a present for our anniversary.”

“What?!?”  He looked down at her and his head was still full of white foamy soap suds and she kissed his chest.  Her fingers were playing with his nipples and she sighed, “She’s calling in sick as we speak and well…it looks like a good present.”  

Jim looked at Rebecca and they heard the bathroom door open.

“Are you two in there together?  Why didn’t you invite me in?”  Jim rinsed his head off and Rebecca pulled the shower curtain back watching Stacy strip down to nothing.  Rebecca’s cunt was already soaking wet and her hand was held out for Stacy to grab hold of.   When Stacy saw that she smiled and took Rebecca’s hand stepping into the shower.  She pulled Rebecca to her and leaned her up against Jim kissing her while Jim’s hands were on Stacy’s back finding their way to her arms.  

He pulled them up watching her breasts press softly against Rebecca’s.  As he held both wrists together with his right hand his left one trailed down her body feeling her soft wet breast and feeling his cock harden automatically.

Rebecca reached for his cock as Stacy’s mouth never left hers.  Stacy’s one hand had found its way to Rebecca’s cunt teasing the clit with her index finger.  While Stacy’s other hand Rebecca found when both of their hands met on Jim’s cock.  Rebecca moaned into Stacy’s mouth and let go of Jim’s cock wrapping her arms around Stacy’s body and then sliding down to her cunt.

Stacy spread her legs and Rebecca began to kiss Stacy’s lower abdomen and had a hand between Stacy’s thighs rubbing the lips of Stacy’s pussy.  They were so plump and warm Rebecca wanted to taste her.  Rebecca slid her tongue between Stacy’s cunt lips and tasted Stacy’s pussy juice.  As soon as her mouth fell onto the sweet nectar she heard Stacy gasp and felt a hand on her head.  

Behind her Jim’s cock was a few inches above her head and she wanted him to fuck her ass, but knew he wanted this from the first time Stacy was brought into their bedroom.  Rebecca stood up and turned to Jim kissing his lips tenderly as she turned the water off.  

Rebecca stepped out of the shower and held her hand out to Stacy.

“Help me dry off.  Jim can watch you dry me off and get me wet at the same time.”  Rebecca smiled as she watched Jim help Stacy out of the shower by putting one hand on her lower back and the other holding her hand.  Stacy walked over to the towel rack and grabbed a white towel.

Stacy began to dry Rebecca at the shoulders and move her way down sliding the towel between Rebecca’s ass cheeks bringing the towel through her legs and between her cunt lips.  Stacy was squatting down and was wide open for Jim to see as she dried off Rebecca’s legs while kissing Rebecca’s cunt.  Rebecca moaned with her hand on Stacy’s head.  

Stacy slid her tongue between Rebecca soft and warm cunt lips and Rebecca moaned throwing her head back.  Her nipples were as erect as they were getting and she bent down to meet Stacy’s face.  The both of them kissing on the bathroom floor while Jim began to stroke himself slowly in the shower.  

Rebecca grabbed the towel from Stacy and began to dry Stacy off the same way she had been dried off.  Except as Rebecca dried Stacy her eyes never left Jim’s eyes.  He was filled with passion she could see he was trying hard not to cum in the shower.  Somewhere inside he knew it wasn’t going to end here in the bathroom.  As Rebecca dried Stacy off her tongue left a trail on Stacy’s body.  
When they were dried off Rebecca took the hair dryer and began to blow dry Stacy’s hair.  Passing the warm air over her cunt and nipples seemed to drive Stacy mad.  Rebecca focused on Stacy’s cunt and Stacy grabbed onto her.  Rebecca moved it around and began shooting the air from behind.  Stacy laid on the cold ceramic tile and spread her legs while Rebecca blow dried her cunt.  

Her clit was so hard that Rebecca turned off the blow dryer and bent over placing her head between Stacy’s legs.  Stacy held Rebecca’s head in place as Rebecca’s tongue began to explore Stacy’s deep and wet crevice.  Stacy started to shake and shudder with Rebecca between her thighs.  Rebecca suckled on Stacy’s clit and slid two fingers deep inside of Stacy’s cunt fucking her nice and slow until Stacy came nice and hard all over Rebecca’s fingers.  Rebecca kept her mouth on Stacy’s clit until Stacy screamed to stop.

Rebecca was on her knees and began to lick her fingers offering some to Stacy and then to Jim.  Jim stepped over to her and helped her stand up as he took her fingers and wiped them on his mouth.  He then began to kiss Rebecca while Stacy slowly stood up and joined them.

She placed her hands around them, but only one finger found its way to Rebecca’s wet anal entrance.  Rebecca stopped kissing Jim and moaned leaning backwards and Jim held her close not letting her fall as Stacy massaged her anal muscle.  Rebecca always loved the feeling and was rocking into Jim as Stacy manipulated her from behind.

Stacy knelt down and removed her hand from Rebecca.  She then placed it between Rebecca’s thighs and found the anal muscle once more and began to massage it as her mouth found Jim’s cock.  Her arm was being moistened by Rebecca’s soaked cunt and Jim’s cock was begging to be sucked.  She grabbed his cock with her other hand and licked the slit with the precum oozing out.  He gasped and then said,

“No.  Do Rebecca.”  

Stacy turned and started licking Rebecca’s inner thigh as she continued to massage Rebecca’s ass.  Her tongue slid up along the sopping slit and delved into Rebecca’s pussy. Stacy heard Rebecca moaning and felt her cunt begin to contract as she slid three fingers into Rebecca fucking her cunt nice and hard as she added pressure to the massage of the anal.  Without a notice of a few quick contractions Rebecca’s screamed loudly as she shuddered and clung to Jim while Stacy began to be covered with Rebecca’s cum.    It shot right out at Stacy’s face and Stacy continued to rub Rebecca’s anal entrance until Rebecca’s breathing died down a bit.  

Stacy stood up and wiped her face off while Jim held Rebecca close to him letting her breathe against his body.  Stacy sat on the edge of the shower stall and watched as he kissed Rebecca so tenderly. Stacy’s heart was in pieces because she wanted to be holding Rebecca.  She sighed and stood up grabbing a towel and started to cover herself.  Stacy was about to leave the bathroom when Jim caught her arm.

“Wonderful present.”  Stacy smiled and Rebecca kissed her arm.

“You don’t think you’re going anywhere.  Do you?”  Stacy smiled and Jim stood holding Rebecca trying to steady her legs.  “We’re going to the bedroom.  You didn’t call in sick for the whole day just to spend a little time in the bathroom, did you?”  Stacy smiled and kissed Rebecca’s lips and said,

“Not at all.”