 For the next few days, I was busy with work, studying, and catching up on assignments, so I didn't have time to see Nathan and William together in the evenings. We did find ourselves exchanging a flurry of texts, many of which ventured into arousing territory, but I was also pleasantly surprised to receive numerous messages from both of them simply asking how my day was going. That was unexpected, as I hadn't anticipated our relationship moving beyond the bedroom.

I also had to do some work convincing my mom that yes, I was being careful, and no, things between me and Nathan weren't moving too fast. She wasn't comfortable with me spending the night elsewhere. "I know I can't stop you," she said, letting out an exasperated sigh. "You're an adult. But when you don't come home at night, I worry."

I placed my hands on her shoulders and looked into her eyes. "Mom," I said gently, "I promise I'm fine. In fact, I've never been happier. I waited until I was almost nineteen before I started having sex, so I feel I've been responsible, and while I might not be interested in a committed relationship with Nathan, I think I should still be able to enjoy having sex with an amazing guy."

Even better, two amazing guys, I thought to myself, but I didn't dare say that aloud.

Mom looked away, and I knew it was uncomfortable for her to hear what I said—probably as uncomfortable as it was for me to say it. But I had to try to make her understand.

"I just don't want you to get hurt," she finally said. "You might think it's just sex, Eden, but your emotions tend to get involved as well."

How could I explain to her that I'd gone into this with eyes wide open, knowing that Nathan belonged to someone else? I'd been aware of where I stood from the very beginning.

I couldn't explain it, I knew, not without telling her everything. So I simply hugged her and whispered, "I will be fine, so take a break from worrying about me, okay?"

She only laughed and replied, "Easier said than done."

*

I arranged to meet Nathan at the college library before our classes Friday morning so we could go over his Spanish lessons and I could answer questions he still had. He arrived first, and when I saw him waiting for me outside the library doors, a rush of heat traveled from my nipples straight to my pussy. With only a smile, he flipped a switch in me, making me wet and eager for his cock.

"Hi, baby," he said, drawing me into a hug. "Thanks for doing this."

"I'm happy to," I replied, then planted a quick kiss on his mouth. Could he tell how turned on I already was? 

As we stepped into the library and headed toward a private study room nearby, Nathan asked, "So what are your plans for this weekend?"

I couldn't hide my smile. "I have to work this evening and tomorrow until closing time at the shop."

"And what about Sunday?" he persisted once we entered the room.

"I'm free on Sunday," I said, keeping my voice casual.

As soon as Nathan closed the door behind us, he pulled me to him and kissed me hard. The need within him as he thrust his tongue into my mouth took me aback, but I couldn't resist surrendering to that kiss. 

"Come over on Sunday then," he whispered as he finally drew away from me. "William and I have a surprise for you."

My smile widened to a grin. "Now I'm curious, and excited, too." 

"Just how excited are you?" he murmured, slipping a hand into the front of my dress pants.

I reluctantly pushed him away. "We are here to study, not to fool around," I told him, trying to sound stern, but what I really wanted to do to him in that room would have gotten us expelled. 

"Why can't we do both?" he asked, his voice pleading.

I pointed to a chair. "Sit down."

Nathan immediately obeyed, but when his textbook and notes were spread out on the table before us, his hand began to wander. Even as I answered a question he had about the conditional tense, I felt his fingers moving along the inside of my thigh.

"If you don't behave," I admonished him, "I will have to let Daddy know."

Nathan released a whimper. "Please don't," he said. "I'll be good—don't tell Daddy." He sounded convincing, but the excitement in his eyes made a lie of his words.

"That's your final warning," I said, my eyebrow raised as I stared hard at him.

For the rest of our study session, Nathan did nothing out of line, and I was pleased when he began to grasp concepts that had previously puzzled him. But just as we finished up, he leaned closer to me and kissed my neck, then reached between my thighs to rub my clit through my pants.

"You are in so much trouble," I said through my teeth, trying not to let my excitement get the best of me. When I picked up my phone, Nathan quickly withdrew his hand. 

"I promise I'll be good, Eden," he said hurriedly, but I shook my head.

"Too late now," I replied as I composed a message to William.

"Please," Nathan begged, his breaths coming hard and fast. "I'll do whatever you want."

I sent the message, then held up the phone so he could read it: Nathan has behaved very poorly during our study session this morning. He needs to be punished.

Nathan's eyes widened as he swallowed hard. "I guess I deserved that," he said.

"You certainly did."

I received William's reply and grinned while reading it: Thank you for letting me know, sweetheart. I will be sure to discipline Nathan this evening.

I didn't let Nathan read the message, though he was desperate to know what it said. Instead, I brought my lips to his ear and whispered, "Just wait till your daddy gets home."

That night, I received a call from William. "I thought I should consult with you," he said. "I'm of the opinion that Nathan has been sufficiently punished with over an hour of teasing and denial, followed by a ruined orgasm. Now he's hard again and desperate to come. He promises he will be on his best behavior from now on. What do you think, Eden?"

I could hear Nathan pleading in the background, and as I imagined his cock, hard and weeping pre-cum, I closed my eyes and shivered. Then I said in a quiet voice, "Make him wait just a little longer, Daddy."

*

As Sunday drew nearer, my excitement ratcheted up to an almost unbearable level. I had trouble focusing at work, and studying was out of the question. When the day finally arrived, the air was so cold that the forecast warned of possible snow flurries. 

I'd told Nathan I would be over early that afternoon. After Mom and I had a lunch of soup and sandwiches, I took a shower. Standing beneath the hot stream of water, I cleaned every inch of my body, allowing my fingertips to linger over my puckered hole. Then I took a deep breath and closed my eyes, focusing on the sensation before I eased a wet finger into my ass.

I was relieved that it didn't hurt, and as I explored the walls of my rectum, making sure I was clean inside, I began moaning softly. Knowing that at least one finger felt good inside made me more at ease about what I had planned for the afternoon. 

An hour later, I stood at the front door to the apartment Nathan and William shared, bundled up in my coat. When William opened the door and ushered me inside, I discovered they were both already naked. "Aren't you cold?" I asked them with a grin. Then my gaze lowered to their cocks. "Well, you certainly don't look cold."

William laughed and took my hand. "We've gotten the bed nice and warm for you."

In minutes I was lying naked between them. We didn't speak as we touched and kissed, our hands and mouths moving languidly over skin. It was as if we were in our own universe, and I lost myself in the feel of their warmth, and in the sound of their breathing and occasional moans.

I turned over on my back, and they each latched onto a nipple as their fingers slid between my wet folds. "Oh God, yes," I murmured. The more they suckled, the more sensitive my nipples became, and I ran my fingers through their hair, mewling as their tongues bathed those erect peaks. 

When they lifted their heads from my breasts, I whispered, "What about my surprise?"

Nathan grinned and climbed off of the bed. I watched as he went to the bedside table and opened the drawer, then withdrew a hot pink butt plug and some lube. "We went shopping and picked this out for you," he said, handing me the plug. 

"It looks small," I said, feeling a rush of relief as I gazed down at the plug in my palm. Its size wasn't intimidating at all.

"It will feel bigger than it looks," William said. "That's why it's a good idea to start out with something modest and see how you like it. And I do think you'll like it, particularly because it vibrates." My eyes widened, and my mouth dropped open. "But if you don't feel comfortable using it with us," he went on, "you can experiment with it when you're alone."

"Of course I want to use it with you!" I said. "Thank you for choosing this for me—I wouldn't have known what to buy." A playful grin danced on my lips. "Why don't we try it out?"

Nathan returned to the bed, and the three of us shared an open-mouthed kiss, our tongues meeting and fluttering against one another. Then William gently guided me into the position he preferred, with my head on a pillow and my ass in the air as I rested my weight on my knees. "Just relax," he said, his voice soothing. "We're going to take it slow, and the only thing Nathan and I are focusing on is making you feel good, Eden."

Though I was naked, the room was warm, and my shivering wasn't due to a chill in the air. I found myself wishing I could see what William and Nathan were doing behind me, then decided it might be best that I wasn't able to. I sensed they were both kneeling behind me, and when I felt William's hands spreading my ass cheeks wider, I tried not to jump. I trusted them implicitly, but I felt so exposed that it was hard not to be nervous. 

That tension caused my sphincter to clench shut, and I had to concentrate on allowing it to relax again. I felt gentle fingers caressing my hole, and I released a soft sigh. It felt nice to be touched there, and when I felt a hot wet tongue licking the insides of my ass cheeks, I moaned.

"We both love rimming," Nathan said to me in a husky voice, "but Daddy's going to have the pleasure of doing that to you today."

I whimpered and closed my eyes, turning my head to the side. I could hear the sound of a cock being stroked, and a low groan emerging from deep within William's chest. And oh God, I felt his tongue circling my hole, then lapping it with fervent licks. Soon my moans were coming constantly; I'd had no idea how much I would enjoy this. 

William buried his face between my cheeks, rimming my hole with a languid pace and making me feel so fucking good that I relaxed completely and opened up to him. Then he briefly stopped and pulled my cheeks apart again.

"Oh, that's it," Nathan moaned, and I realized they were drinking in the sight of me surrendering to William's tongue. I found myself wondering just how open my asshole appeared to them right now. 

I couldn't resist reaching between my thighs to rub my clit. "I didn't realize how incredible this would feel," I gasped. 

"Mmm, yes," William said, "so many nerve endings here and inside you." He went back to licking me, and when he worked the tip of his tongue into my asshole, I cried out. "You love it when Daddy eats your ass, don't you?" he demanded.

"Yes," I said, my voice sounding distant to my ears. "I love it, Daddy. Keep doing that, please!"

It took effort not to clench my sphincter around William's tongue, but I kept myself open to him. Somewhere to my left, I heard Nathan furiously jerking his cock. I was too overwhelmed by my pleasure to feel self-conscious any longer. My face was flushed with arousal, and my swollen clit readily offered itself to my stroking fingers. 

"Nathan's going to slip a finger inside you," William told me, and I hurriedly nodded. I wasn't nervous, since my own finger had been inside me not long ago, and though his was larger, I didn't fear that it would hurt. 

And it didn't. My ass readily accepted his lubed finger as if my body were eager for it.

"Yes!" I moaned, gripping fistfuls of the sheet. 

I could hear their rapid breathing; all three of us were getting even more excited. But Nathan was so careful, waiting for me to ask for more, and I closed my eyes, abandoning myself to the sensation of him finger fucking my ass. 

"Do you think you're ready for my finger as well?" William asked, his hand stroking my lower back.

"Fuck yes," I said through my teeth. 

I could hear the grin in William's voice as he said, "She's such a greedy girl, isn't she, Nathan?"

"She is," he agreed. "She's already wanting more and more."

With both their fingers inside me, I felt stretched more, but it wasn't painful. They were using so much lube that they easily moved in and out of me, and my body quickly grew used to the stronger sensation of fullness. 

"Christ, Eden, your gorgeous ass is loosening up for us now," William said, "so readily taking our fingers. How does it feel?"

"It feels really good," I said with a low laugh. 

"You sound surprised," he said.

"I am, a little."

Slowly, gently, they withdrew their fingers. "Do you think you might be ready to try the plug?" Nathan asked, leaning forward so he could smooth my hair back from my face. I looked up at him and nodded. I was a little nervous now, but also excited.

"I'm going to ease it in very slowly while it's vibrating," William said. "You let me know if you feel any pain at all, Eden."

As the tip of the plug began entering my tight hole, I let out a gasp, then quickly assured William I was okay. Nathan massaged my lower back and my ass cheeks, helping me relax. William withdrew the plug slightly, then worked it in a little deeper. I could already feel the vibration, and it caused me to moan. Still, I had to concentrate on relaxing my sphincter.

William kept easing the plug in, little by little, until my ass easily accepted all of it. Then he increased the vibration speed, and I mewled with pleasure. "Oh my God, that vibration feels amazing!" 

"You make me so hard, baby," William said, his voice guttural, and I could tell how much it excited him to see the plug inside me. 

I smiled and let him ease me down and onto my back so I was lying flat. Nathan briefly left the room to wash his hands, and while he was gone, William knelt beside me and caressed my cheek. "How are you feeling?" he asked, his words tender.

I smiled up at him. "Incredible!" I said. "When I clench my muscles, I swear I can feel the vibration even in my cunt."

William groaned, and the unbridled lust his eyes revealed made me long to have him filling another one of my holes. 

Nathan returned and climbed back on the bed, nestling between my spread thighs. When William leaned forward to give me another kiss, I reached between us to take hold of his fully erect cock, but he just shook his head. "Right now, it's all about you, not us, sweetheart."

He continued fondling me while Nathan began enthusiastically eating my pussy. His tongue glided from my entrance to my clit, and when I felt him graze that tender nub, I released a cry and bucked my hips. My pussy muscles clenched, along with my sphincter, and the sensation of being filled with the plug as Nathan stimulated me with his tongue was absolutely glorious. 

I buried my hands in his hair and held his mouth firmly against my pussy. "Be a good boy and keep licking my clit," I demanded. 

I knew my words drove him wild, with his need to be submissive. He groaned and used the tip of his tongue to prod the narrow space between my clit and my hood. It was so fucking sensitive, and my thighs began shaking as the vibrating plug heightened my arousal even more.

William lay next to me so he could suckle my tit while Nathan licked me at a frenzied pace. "I'm gonna come," I panted. My eyes locked with Nathan's, and I could easily see how eager he was to bring me to orgasm. 

William took my nipple between his teeth, and that threat of pain, along with Nathan's persistent tongue and the plug humming away inside my ass, caused me to come so hard that Nathan had to grab hold of me in order to keep his mouth between my thighs. 

"Fuck!" I shrieked as the orgasm caused my pussy muscles to contract and my ass to grip the plug over and over. Each sensation seemed to heighten the other, making me feel it more intensely. As I moaned and writhed, I wanted the climax to last forever.

When my orgasm finally subsided, I looked from William to Nathan. They were both smiling, and they were both hard. And I wanted more.

"I want a cock in my ass right now," I demanded, my words close to a growl. 

Nathan's mouth dropped open, and I heard him draw in a sharp breath. William sat up and stared at me for a long moment, and I held his gaze, letting him know I was sure. 

"Maybe we should practice with a larger plug first..." he began, but I shook my head.

"I'm ready for this, William."

He hesitated, then finally nodded and drew me into a sitting position. "I think Nathan should be the first to give you this experience," he said. "He's going to lie on his back, and you are going to straddle him and very slowly ease yourself down onto his cock. That way, you'll be in complete control."

Nathan sat beside us, his hard throbbing cock curving upward. When our eyes met, he looked at me with such longing that I was ready to get on my hands and knees and offer my ass to him right then.

"Are you sure, Eden?" he asked softly, and I quickly nodded.

"Nathan, get a condom and lube yourself up," William told him. "I'll get Eden ready." He turned to me then, a gentle smile on his lips. "Lie down with your ass lifted high again."

I quickly did as he said, and when he knelt behind me and began to withdraw the plug from my ass, I took a deep breath and slowly released it. It felt like my ass didn't want to let the toy go, but when it finally popped free, William began rimming me once more. 

"Oooh fuck," I moaned, feeling his tongue enter me. 

Nathan lay down on the bed, his sheathed cock covered with lube. It was so hard and ready for my ass. When I looked up at Nathan, we both grinned, and I couldn't resist rocking my hips back, trying to get more of William's tongue inside my hole. 

When William inserted two lubed fingers in my ass, I shivered in anticipation of what was to come. He thoroughly coated my asshole as well, then told me, "I think you're good to go, baby."

I hurried to straddle Nathan, letting my impatience get the best of me. I was at the threshold of a totally new experience, and I was eager to cross it. Nathan gazed up at me, already breathing hard as he grew more excited. "Fuck, I've been dreaming about this," he said, and I couldn't help but grin.

William lay down next to us, and I watched as he reached between me and Nathan so he could take hold of Nathan's rock-hard cock and position it where I needed it to be. Then his eyes locked with mine, and he said, "Remember to breathe and take it slow, Eden."

I felt the head of Nathan's dick right at my hole. Fighting the urge to hold my breath, I began lowering my body. A low moan escaped my lips as the tip of his cock began stretching me, forcing me open. William's stare was riveted on my face. "Slowly," he repeated.

Nathan released a whimper, and when I looked down at him, I saw that he was trembling with excitement. His blatant arousal made me brave, and I took another inch of his cock inside me.

I kept waiting for a pain that never came. I felt stretched, yes, and there was a heat within me that bordered on uncomfortable, but I quickly adjusted to it, lowering my body even farther. When I felt William's fingers, which were wrapped around the base of Nathan's cock, my eyes widened, for I hadn't realized just how much I'd taken into my ass already.
