 Sitting on a bench outside the college library, I glanced up from the textbook I was reading and saw Nathan making his way toward me. I couldn't hold back a smile at the sight of him. He and I had a couple of classes together, and I always looked forward to chatting with him. 

As he closed the distance between us, the breeze ruffled his dark blond hair and tugged at the hem of his flannel shirt, left open to reveal a white t-shirt underneath. The mid-November day was unseasonably mild with lots of sun, and many students were outside enjoying the weather. 

"Hey, Eden," Nathan called to me. I noticed his furrowed brow and the grim set of his mouth, and my smile faded. 

"What's wrong?" I asked in lieu of a greeting.

He sank down on the bench beside me. "Spanish is kicking my ass," he replied. His green eyes, the color of jade, darkened as he dropped his bag at his feet. "I sucked at it in high school, and I suck at it now."

Listening to Nathan, I was acutely aware of his thigh just inches from mine as we sat next to each other. I'd just turned nineteen, but Nathan was five years older, and that age difference seemed all the more vast when I considered the experiences he'd had, and all the ones that I hadn't. I wanted to come across as mature, someone he could relate to and confide in. 

We were both enrolled at the community college, but while I'd begun right after graduating from high school, Nathan was just now returning to the classroom, and I understood that the transition was more difficult for him. Early on in our friendship, he'd revealed to me that the only reason he had decided to pursue a college degree was because his boyfriend, William, had urged him to do so. 

While Nathan was taking Beginning Spanish, I was enrolled in the Intermediate class, since I'd taken several years of it in high school and had done well. "What's giving you trouble?" I asked, turning toward him.

"All of it," he sighed. "I can't get my head around the verb conjugations. I'm starting to think I'm not cut out for this."

"Hey, you can absolutely do this," I told him. "Most of us struggle with at least one class. Math is killing me right now, and it's just the first semester!"

Nathan gave me a sideways glance, and I was pleased to see a smile play at his lips. "I didn't think you struggled with anything. You're like a genius or something."

I snickered. "Not even close." 

I knew Nathan was insecure about being a student again. During one of our chats between classes, he'd mentioned that his home life wasn't great when he was in high school, and he was mainly left to fend for himself. His grades became a secondary concern because he had no desire to go to college then. 

As I thought back on what Nathan had revealed to me about himself, I realized that I easily remembered all those details even as I was eager to learn more about him. 

I knew he had a boyfriend and was in a committed relationship. I also knew he was bisexual and that his first love had been his high school girlfriend. After they graduated, they'd lived together in a studio apartment, barely scraping by. The strain of trying to make ends meet wore on them both, and she decided to move back home so she could save up money for college. Nathan had gone on to work numerous odd jobs, including a stint as a bouncer in a bar. 

Then Nathan met William almost a year ago. I'd been a little surprised to learn that William was forty—old enough to be my dad. It was strange to think of Nathan dating someone so much older. But from the way Nathan's face lit up when he talked about William, it was clear that they were very much in love, and I certainly had no intention of trying to interfere with their relationship.

Still, I couldn't deny the crush I had on Nathan, and there were plenty of nights when I was lying in bed, horny and bored, that I allowed myself to imagine what it would feel like to have his lips pressed to mine while his cock was inside me. I'd had only one sex partner, a guy I'd dated briefly just before I started college. He'd had very little interest in foreplay, and I was usually only slightly wet by the time he began fucking me, so our lovemaking had been underwhelming to say the least.

But Nathan... Nathan was kind and funny and sweet. He may have been insecure about his abilities in the classroom, but the way he walked let me know that he was plenty confident in his own skin. And maybe William had something to do with that. An older man taking Nathan under his wing and guiding him as a mentor and a lover seemed to be just what my friend needed.

Now I rested a hand on Nathan's arm, and he looked at me expectantly. "I don't have to work today," I said. "If you want, I could come over to your place, and we could go over your Spanish lessons."

Nathan's face brightened at my suggestion. "Really? Oh God, Eden, that would be great! I've been tempted to ask William to help me, but he took Latin in school, and plus, he's so busy with work."

Nathan had once mentioned that William was a financial manager, making enough to take care of the rent for the apartment the two of them shared, and also cover the bills so Nathan could stop working and attend school full-time. I'd never been to their place, and I found that I was curious to see it. 

I was also curious about William. Nathan had shown me a photo of him on his phone, and I'd immediately noticed the contrast between the two of them. While Nathan wasn't very tall and had a stocky, muscular build, William had a wiry frame. He struck me as sophisticated, with short dark hair and light brown eyes that were almost golden. 

"Your last class is coming up, right?" I asked Nathan, and he nodded. "Mine, too. Let's meet here afterward, and then I'll follow you to your apartment."

Nathan threw his arms around me, catching me off guard, but I immediately melted into his embrace. "You are the best, Eden. I can't thank you enough."

As I hugged him back, I inhaled the scent of freshly washed clothes, and beneath that, Nathan's own scent, heady and masculine. "It's no problem at all," I assured him. 

He walked me to my next class, but I was so distracted once the lecture began that trying to learn anything from the professor was a lost cause. I kept thinking about the way Nathan's body felt against mine, and even as I leaned forward to scribble some halfhearted notes, with my long hair shielding my face, I wondered if Nathan felt the slightest bit of attraction toward me. 

I played with a strand of my hair, which I'd recently splurged to have dyed a color the beautician called rose gold. Now my naturally mousy brown locks were a soft shade of blonde with dusky pink highlights. When Nathan had first seen me with the new color, he'd let out a low whistle of appreciation, making me blush. "Very sexy!" he'd told me. "I love it."

The memory made me grin like a silly girl, which was just the way I did not want to behave while in Nathan's presence. And I reminded myself again and again that he was in a serious relationship, so even if he was attracted to me, there was no way he would act on it. 

Class finally ended, and I was the first one out of my seat, rushing for the door. Outside, the sun had given way to clouds, and the air had grown a little colder. I looked down at my outfit, which consisted of a long-sleeved black blouse and jeans, as well as black boots with a chunky heel. If I'd had time to go home before heading to Nathan's apartment, I might have chosen something a little more daring, but at least I felt comfortable in these clothes. 

And you shouldn't be trying to impress him, anyway! I chided myself.

Nathan was waiting for me outside the library, and when our eyes met, he flashed his usual wide smile that made my pulse quicken. "You want to grab something to eat first or head on over to my place?" he asked. 

"I ate lunch earlier, so I'm good," I told him. I would have loved to have shared a meal with him, but I knew we were getting together to study, not for me to sit with him in a restaurant and hang on every word he spoke.

As we headed toward the parking lot, we talked about the latest assignment for our psychology class, and I slung my bag from one shoulder to the other. In mid-sentence, Nathan took the bag from me and carried it with his own, and I couldn't help but laugh. "I can carry my own bag, Nathan. I do it every day," I said.

He just grinned. "You're a little thing," he replied. "Carrying all these books is going to fuck up your back."

"Well, thanks, Dad," I teased, and I could have sworn I saw a hint of a blush redden his cheeks. 

We reached my car first, so I gave him a lift to his own, then followed him out of the lot and onto the highway. He kept his speed down, making it easy for me to stay right behind him, and ten minutes later, we were pulling into a parking lot in front of an apartment building that appeared to be recently constructed.

It was a little after three, and the sky had grown even darker. I shivered as I left my car and hurried over to where Nathan stood. He led me up a short flight of stairs to the landing on the building's second level, and once he had the door unlocked, he gestured for me to step inside.

"This is a gorgeous apartment," I said, admiring the spacious floor plan and hardwood floors. The apartment was also tastefully furnished and unbelievably neat. I found myself relieved that Nathan hadn't seen the small house I shared with my mom. With her working full-time and me going to school and also holding down a part-time job, we tended to let our place get messy.

"Thanks," Nathan said. "This is all William's doing." We took off our shoes and dropped our bags on the floor beside the sectional sofa. "Can I get you anything, Eden?" he asked as he turned to me.

"I'm fine for now, thanks."

We sat down on the sofa, and for the next hour, I went over what Nathan was struggling with in his Spanish class. At one point, we were so close to each other that I could feel the heat from his body, and he eventually shrugged out of his flannel shirt. His biceps, clearly visible under the t-shirt he wore, proved more than a little distracting, but I managed to keep my focus on the lesson in front of us. 

Nathan was concentrating on what I was telling him about verb conjugations and past and present tense, and as he nodded in understanding, I felt a sinking sensation in my stomach when I realized that he didn't consider me anything more than a friend.

"Okay," I finally said, clapping my hands together. "Time for a vocabulary drill!" 

Nathan looked at me with a sheepish smile. "Oh, no," he groaned.

"Oh, yes!" I turned to face him and began firing off words in English so that he could answer me with the Spanish equivalent. Nathan was doing well, keeping up with me and making it clear that he'd been taking the time to study and memorize the words. I went through the days of the week, and Nathan got each one correct until I said, "Friday." Then he suddenly drew a blank.

"Um... um... oh shit," he stammered.

"Wrong answer!" I replied with a grin, and Nathan cracked up laughing. 

Before I could give him the correct answer and instruct him to write it down so he could return to it later, the door to the apartment opened. Nathan and I both looked up as a man I knew to be William stepped inside. 

He was dressed in a suit and tie, and he carried a leather briefcase. When he caught sight of us on the sofa, he gave us a smile. 

"Hey, babe," Nathan said. "I wasn't expecting you home so soon."

"I managed to leave a little early today," William replied. 

Nathan got to his feet, and I also stood so he could introduce me and William to each other. As soon as William heard my name, his smile widened. "Eden, I've heard so much about you," he said, reaching out to shake my hand. "It's a pleasure to finally meet you."

"Likewise," I said, and I meant it. I could see why Nathan was so taken with William. The older man had a charm and poise most people could only dream of possessing. 

"Eden's helping me with Spanish," Nathan said as we sat back down. William took off his shoes and then removed his suit jacket before sitting in a chair across from us. 

"Oh, that's wonderful," William said. He turned to me, his gaze warm and friendly. "I wish I could be of more help to him in that area."

"William is really good at math, though," Nathan said, giving me a nudge. 

"And he is overselling my abilities," William responded. He crossed his legs, and my eyes followed the movement. My God, I thought, both of these men were gorgeous, and though I was an outsider looking into their world, I certainly enjoyed being an observer. 

A cell phone began ringing, and I knew it wasn't mine. William stood and withdrew his phone from his suit jacket pocket, then gave Nathan an apologetic look. "Business," he said before answering the call and heading out of the living room.

Nathan turned to me. "You sure you don't want a drink, Eden? William likes a whiskey on the rocks when he gets home, and I could use a beer. I'll be happy to make you a Shirley Temple," he added with a teasing grin.

I gave him a shove. "It is not a good idea to mock your tutor," I said. 

Nathan held up his hands. "You are absolutely right—I'm sorry!" he laughed. "Sometimes I forget you're only nineteen, though."

This revelation pleased me, and I couldn't hide my smile. "All is forgiven. And a glass of water would be great."

As Nathan stood and headed for the kitchen, I leaned forward, drinking in the sight of his jeans hugging his gorgeous ass. A girl could always dream, I told myself, and he would give me plenty to dream about when I was alone in my bed that night.

William returned to the living room before Nathan, and I watched his nimble fingers loosen his tie as he sat back down. "How are you liking college so far, Eden?" he asked. 

"Much better than high school," I said. "I enjoy the freedom of it."

"I'm hoping that Nathan grows to like it, too. It's a change, of course, but I want it to be a good one for him."

I nodded, struck by the tenderness William's voice held when he spoke of Nathan. 

"Hey, no talking about me while I'm not in the room," Nathan said as he returned, cradling an open bottle of beer in the crook of his arm and carrying glasses for me and William. "Eden actually thinks I'm a nice guy, and a word from you might spoil the illusion," Nathan told William as he placed his beer bottle on the coffee table. 

"No one will ever convince me that you're not a sweetheart," I assured Nathan, then thanked him for the drink he gave me.

William grinned. "Nathan, you have this poor girl completely fooled, don't you?" he said as he took his glass.

"Not a word," Nathan warned, and before William could say anything else, Nathan leaned over and gave him a kiss. 

Some sense of propriety told me that I should look away and not gawk at the two of them, but when Nathan pressed his lips to William's, I felt a rush of heat flood my skin. 

After Nathan broke the kiss, William looked over at me, and I imagined I saw a sort of realization dawn in his eyes. It made me fear that something in my expression revealed far too much of what I was thinking. 

William took a sip of his whiskey and released an appreciative sigh. "This is perfect. Thank you, love," he said to Nathan, then slid his palm up the length of Nathan's thigh. 

A blush spread over my cheeks, and I quickly raised the glass of ice water to my lips. Nathan stared down at William, and it seemed that an entire unspoken conversation occurred between them. Then William looked over at me and said, "I hope we're not making you uncomfortable, Eden."

His words held an unspoken challenge, and it was one I thought I understood. "Not at all," I replied. "In fact, I was just thinking that you and Nathan make such a gorgeous couple." Before I could lose my nerve, I went on. "It's a turn on to see you two together."

William raised his eyebrows, but I could tell he was pleased with what I'd said. Nathan gaped at me, his lips parted in surprise, and I gave him a shy smile and shrugged. 

William set his glass aside and stood. "It turns you on to see us kiss?" he asked me in a husky voice. 

I nodded, leaning forward on the sofa. Nathan was still staring at me as though I was a stranger, but he didn't resist when William kissed him again. My gaze was riveted on them, and as their lips parted and I saw Nathan's tongue meet William's, I let out a quiet moan. 

Nathan suddenly pulled away, and I could hear him breathing fast. "Um, what's going on?" he asked, looking from me to William. 

"We're entertaining our guest," William murmured. "And I think she's enjoying herself."

Maybe I should have been ashamed that my excitement was so evident, but my panties were already wet, and I was clenching my thighs together, feeling the seam of my jeans stimulate my clit. At this point, my arousal had overridden my sense of decency. 

William began stroking Nathan's cock through his jeans, and I squirmed on the sofa, letting my jeans tease my clit since I couldn't. My head was spinning from the situation I now found myself in, but I wasn't about to put a stop to this. 

Nathan closed his eyes, and I saw a tremor of need travel through his entire body. "We shouldn't be doing this," he groaned. "Eden's my friend, William."

"And she wants you, just as I do," William said as he unbuttoned and unzipped Nathan's jeans. "I can tell from the way you talk about Eden that you find her very attractive as well." William looked over at me as he reached into Nathan's pants. "I can certainly see why. She's beautiful."

No man had ever called me beautiful before, but when Nathan's eyes locked with mine, I saw the desire he felt for me, and it made my arousal that much stronger. I realized I was shaking when the glass in my hand began to tremble, and I quickly set it down beside Nathan's beer bottle.

William lowered his head so he could nuzzle Nathan's neck with his lips. "Take off your shirt," he told Nathan. "Let her see just how gorgeous your body is."

Nathan searched my face. "Is that what you really want, Eden?" he asked quietly. 

I knew it was important that I look absolutely certain when I answered him. "Yes, very much," I said. Then I stood and went to the chair where William had been sitting so that I could be even closer to the two of them. 

I sat down and leaned back so I could gaze up at them, and Nathan slowly pulled his shirt over his head.

I unashamedly stared at his broad chest with its sparse covering of hair. Now William was stroking his own cock through his pants, and he gave Nathan a fierce kiss. I swallowed hard as I watched William take the tip of Nathan's tongue between his lips and suck it. It was all I could do not to touch myself; the aching deep in my cunt had become almost painful. 

The sound of my shallow, rapid breathing filled the room, and William regarded me with a sly grin. "Are you having a good time, Eden?" I could only nod, not trusting myself to speak. "Would you like to watch me suck Nathan's cock?"

My eyes widened, and I released a faint whimper. "Fuck yes," I managed to say, and William laughed softly.

"You're welcome to play as well," he said, and his stare was hot as it moved over my body. Something about the way he could read me so easily, and the way he took control, made me want him as much as I wanted Nathan. "You might not feel comfortable joining in with us, but I bet you'd love to slip a hand down those jeans and play with your wet pussy, wouldn't you?"

"William," Nathan said, his voice sharp and his eyes flashing with anger. 

I feared he would stop what William had so craftily set in motion, so I unfastened my jeans and slid my hand into my panties. "Nathan, I want this," I assured him, my voice breathy as I discovered just how wet I was. "Don't you want this?"
