 The soft yellow glow of lampshades lulled Charlie to sleep in the late hours after the guests had gone home. His roommate, Kevin, clanged the last of the empty wine and beer bottles into the bin before retiring next to him on the couch. Kevin yawned drowsily when he noticed that his friend had dozed off. He sank into the plush cushions and gazed wearily at his girlfriend, who was still tidying up from his party in the kitchen alcove across the room. She looked beautiful in the twilight, and Kevin felt himself a lucky man.

There was still a certain strangeness in thinking of Kelly as his fiancée. Although tonight happened to be his birthday, the party was really a celebration of their recent engagement. Novel as it was, Kevin could not have been more pleased to promise himself to Kelly. Now in their mid-twenties, their relationship had been one of maturing together, and each discovered in the other only more to love. Tonight, as he watched Kelly reach to the top cupboard, he traced her splendid figure and smiled at how she still held such allure for him after all these years. Feeling amorous, he quietly waved for her to join him and leave the clean-up for tomorrow.

Cheerfully, Kelly dusted off her hands on her jeans before settling next to Kevin on the couch. She smiled at the sight of their friend snoozing at the other end. Tonight they had asked Charlie to be the best man at their wedding. He was Kevin's closest friend and had helped them, as a couple, through some difficult times. Kelly couldn't think of a better person to have by Kevin's side.

Taking care not to wake him, the two of them cuddled together and seemed resigned to drift off to slumber themselves. Using his strong chest as a pillow, Kelly hugged her body against him and purred as he stroked his fingers lovingly through her straight, brunette hair. After a time, however, she found herself not feeling sleepy at all. There was a fuzzy warmth between the two of them that was more than just the effects of wine.

There was something devilishly tempting about Kevin's eyes peering at her from beneath their tired lids. Feeling frisky, Kelly had a yen to toy with him a bit. She glanced at Charlie and, seeing that he was out for the count, turned connivingly back to her fiancé. Her lips curled into a diabolical smile.

"You know," she whispered with a studied pause, "you still have one birthday gift left."

He seemed puzzled, too tired to pick up on the thick suggestion in his girlfriend's tone, but he understood her meaning all too well once her hand slid down into his crotch! He gulped, hard. Kelly smirked at the reaction. She could already feel his erection growing inside his pants.

Taking his turn to make sure that Charlie was asleep, Kevin relaxed and smiled at his fiancée. Ever since the night he proposed, she had remained especially eager to please him, and he was dying to find out what birthday treats she had in store. Impatiently, Kevin gestured for the two of them to slip away to the bedroom.

For a moment, Kelly ignored the suggestion, finding a bit too much amusement in what she was stirring up beneath his zipper. There was time for just a bit more fun. Grinning, she wriggled both hands onto his lap and brazenly opened up his zipper!

The staccato shriek of the zipper seemed to echo through the room like a thunderclap. They both glanced warily at Charlie, who thankfully remained unperturbed. Kelly silently giggled, realizing that both their pulses were racing. She could tell that he was uneasy about having his friend so near, but this only made him a more delightful pawn. Before Kevin even had a chance to decipher the glint of mischief in her eyes, he felt her cold fingertips rummaging inside his pants.

Their eyes met once again: hers smug, his wincing with sudden delight. As her soft hand found its grip around his hardening tool, Kevin couldn't seem to remember why he was so uneasy. He was able to borrow a little bit of his girlfriend's confidence while she gently massaged away his fears. 

But the reprieve did not last long. Deciding that she liked it better when Kevin was a little unnerved, Kelly wanted to take back the upper hand. So, with a gentle tug she pulled his bashful cock right out through the fly!

Kelly's face flashed hot at the sight of her own mischief. Anything but bashful, her boyfriend's cock was flush with a proud pink, which she had now brought menacingly into the light. Yet Kevin's reaction made her giddy. Excited and terrified at the same time, he was utterly at her mercy. Kelly grinned with power. Tightening her grip, she tauntingly began to rub his pole.

Kevin reeled. The rush of sensation was all the more intense because of his vulnerability, and Kelly was taking full advantage of his heightened state. His jaw clenched as he struggled not to grunt with pleasure. He had barely enough of his wits about him to glance once more at his sleeping roommate. Still slowly jerking him off, Kelly could see that he was now even more anxious to escape to the bedroom. Her answer came only in the form of an impudent smirk.

"Happy birthday," she cooed, nuzzling against his ear.

With that taunt, she gingerly slid her body to the floor between Kevin's knees. His cock, now massively erect, stood at attention in front of her grinning face. There was no doubt in Kevin's mind that she was having a laugh at his expense, but the joke had already gone farther than he had ever imagined she would take it. Kelly mocked his bewilderment, wetting her glossy pink lips, but before Kevin could even chuckle, he felt their wetness press against his swollen cock!

Kevin clamped his fingers around the sides of his thighs, struggling not to make a sound. His heart raced with a mixture of exhilaration and terror. The mocking smile remained in Kelly's eyes even as her lips became busy at their task. She kissed his tip softly, the way one rouses a lover from sleep. Yet soon enough, her tongue impatiently edged its way into the kiss. Raising her soft, brown eyes, she watched his body quiver at her tongue's warm intrusions.

They were both becoming brazen toward the threat of being caught. As Kelly summoned him further into her mouth's embrace, Kevin found it easy to convince himself that such divine pleasure must be under the protection of fate. By each gradual inch, she let the blunt end of his tool slide toward her throat, and for as long these plunges continued, Kevin could only measure time in inches.

The spell broke at last only when Kelly pulled away. She grinned fiercely at him, knowing full well that she had made him tingle from head to toe. His soaking wet dick glistened in the lamplight, and its reflection glowed orange in Kelly's eyes. An obsession at once gripped her, and she began to paint his erection compulsively with her tongue.

As she licked, Kelly glanced over to make sure that Charlie hadn't stirred. Thankfully he was oblivious. She noticed that Kevin had glanced as well, and the two of them shared a conspiratorial smirk. They both found a certain perverse humor in how much they had been able to sneak past their friend's attention. Poking fun, Kelly looked wild-eyed in Charlie's direction and began to burlesque her long licks, as if to taunt him with what he couldn't see. Both she and Kevin tried to restrain their laughter. What a spectacle of the ridiculous! Yet there was a sense of sublime power in being able to flaunt their debauchery undetected.

What surprised Kelly even more was the peculiar sensation, when looking at Charlie, that she was putting his pecker up against her tongue! The thought was funny to her at first, but the more she let her imagination flirt with the idea, it began to give her a disconcerting thrill. As she sunk her mouth back into the blow job, she found herself so convinced that she was blowing Charlie, that she even felt uncomfortable with Kevin watching!

Kelly privately laughed at herself and shook her mind out of the illusion. She settled her eyes back on Kevin, and recognized the familiar flesh between her lips. Suctioning her mouth lovingly around it, she began to bob her head in a gentle rhythm.

Kevin watched his girlfriend with sheer amazement. She always gave fantastic head, but the look in her eyes tonight recalled a time when their enthusiasm for pleasuring one another was still fresh and new. Sex had once again become something risky, something that made the nervous energy churn inside them both. In the bedroom down the hall, Kelly would have given him a pleasant birthday blow job, a generous but frugal gift from the well-stocked warehouse of comfort and routine. But here, the risk brought out the gambler in her: she gleefully wagered everything she had, even if it could mean blowing it all.

The pressure building within her hot mouth let Kelly know that it would not be long before her wager paid off. Kevin's expression was growing increasingly tortured, and his knuckles were turning white from the struggle. Not inclined to postpone the inevitable, Kelly tucked back the loose strands of her hair and pressed on with a faster rhythm. Though she held Kevin in her sights, the need to keep watch on Charlie inevitably brought back flashes of the strange illusion that she was sucking him off. Once she noticed that Kevin had shut his eyes, she was less inhibited about indulging the thought when it crept into her mind.

But there was little time to focus on Charlie. Kevin was teetering on the brink, and she wanted nothing more than to push him over the edge. With Kevin doing all he could to stifle his groans, it was clear that the moment was growing perilously close. Though there was barely enough time to glance away, Kelly checked one last time...

But this time, Charlie was awake.

Terrified at the sight of one another, they both froze in a wide-eyed stare. Charlie was just barely coming to his senses when he realized what had stirred him from his sleep! The appearance of his roommate's giant cock was so jarringly explicit that he knew it couldn't be a dream, and yet the sultry sight of it being devoured in Kelly's mouth was more erotic than anything he could have imagined.

Kelly's whole body tingled with panic. The tension that she felt still mounting within her lips, as it begged her for relief, only heightened her embarrassment. She was trapped in Charlie's dumbfounded gaze and searched desperately for a way to escape humiliation. 

It was then that she glimpsed a devilish possibility. There was no undoing Charlie's intrusion... except to offer an invitation. To her own astonishment as much as to his, she went on sucking her boyfriend's cock!

She could not believe what she was doing, but Charlie's reaction brought her sudden delight. They both realized that Kevin had remained blissfully unaware that anything had changed. Yet for Kelly, the thrill was brand new: the idea of Charlie watching her give a blow job was no longer a mere fantasy, and the reality was unbelievably erotic. Continuing to work her boyfriend with her mouth, she kept her eyes fervently upon Charlie. His lust burnt urgently into her skin. The tingle that had ridden her with panic now turned to one of sheer arousal.

Kelly's mouth watered with excitement, bathing Kevin's seething member as it plunged repeatedly into her hot spit. She could feel the tension cranking up almost mechanically with each bob of her head. As Charlie watched, he could scarcely breathe but for the silent gasp that assailed him as Kevin's hips began to buck! Not realizing that the point was moot, Kevin struggled not to roar aloud as his semen exploded inside Kelly's mouth.

The look in Kelly's eyes set Charlie ablaze as he saw the cock spasm within her lips. Never had he witnessed anything so erotic as the almost smug glint in her expression as she made her boyfriend come. What she was letting Charlie see was at once terrifying and exhilarating to them both. Swallowing the first gush, she was acutely aware of the way Charlie gawked at the contractions of her throat. His prying eyes felt so salacious yet at the same time so adoring. For the first time Kelly broke a wry smile at Charlie. Pulling back to lick the head of the Kevin's cock, she gave her accomplice an even more intimate peek.

Coyly, she showed him her tongue while it became drenched with Kevin's orgasm. Charlie's own erection surged at the sight. Kelly tempted him with her eyes and used her sticky tongue to tease out the last throes of the climax. The spectacle was the ultimate of raunchy pleasures for them both. Bringing her boyfriend's orgasm to a gentle close, she massaged the warm come into his tip and then softly sucked it off. Charlie was utterly mesmerized.

In these brief moments, Kelly and Charlie had become so playful with one another that they began to take Kevin's oblivion for granted. They were both startled when Kevin began to come back to his senses. Instinctively, Charlie clamped his eyes shut and pretended to be asleep. 

It must have worked because the first thing Kevin did upon opening his eyes was to check a relieved glance at his roommate. Kelly's heart raced. Surely she had to tell him! Yet she recoiled at the embarrassment that they would all have to face. "I will tell him," Kelly thought, "...after I bring him down..." Buying some time, she let her eyes grin at Kevin as she gently sucked away.

"Let's go to the bedroom," Kevin whispered after a moment's chance to calm.

Kelly paused, letting his contented erection slip away from her lips. She glanced at Charlie, who was still convincingly faking sleep, and she knew that there was something she needed to say. "I will tell him," Kelly thought, "...as soon as we get to the bedroom."

Smiling agreeably at her fiancé, Kelly wiped off his erection with her hand and helped him to his feet. Kevin, still tingling with gratitude, seized Kelly and pulled her against his body. His soft, affectionate kisses made her feel content, and the way his hands groped at her sent no uncertain message that he was itching to give her a gift in return. The two of them stumbled anxiously toward the bedroom, beginning to pry off each other's clothes along the way.

"I can't believe he didn't wake up!" Charlie overheard Kevin whispering as he and Kelly reached their bedroom door.

Kelly didn't say a word.

=#=#=#=#=#=#=#=#=#=#=#=#=#=#=

That night Kevin devoured his girlfriend until her pussy couldn't stand it any longer. Begging him to fuck her, Kelly rolled onto her knees and urged him to take her from behind. Kevin willingly indulged her with the hardness of his cock. He watched her firm, gorgeous ass shake as his hips plowed against it and obeyed her persistent cries for more until he was practically pounding like a jackhammer. Finally, after seeing Kelly's tanned body ripple with a second orgasm, his own climax came out of sheer exhaustion.

On the other side of the wall, Charlie sat in his bedroom listening to the raucous. He usually tried to tune them out, but tonight his imagination yearned for another glimpse at Kevin and Kelly at their most intimate. Obscenely burned into his brain was the image of his roommate's swollen dick, the impressive size of which was not only startling but even titillating after having seen it wrapped in Kelly's mouth. Charlie, of course, had always found Kelly attractive and was never above eyeing her when she visited the apartment. But her attachment to one of his best friends had kept her from becoming an object of fantasy... until tonight.

Listening to Kelly's fevered cries, Charlie was helpless against the images that flooded into his mind. His imagination strained to envision what it would be to see her gorgeous body exposed, how her skin would drip with the unbearable pleasure of Kevin's penetrations, and what secret memories of the night seeped into her mind each time a moan passed through her precious lips. Longing to be a part the intimacy between Kevin and Kelly's once more, Charlie took out his erection and stroked it to the rhythm of their voices. It was first of many times that Charlie remembered the look he had seen in Kelly's eyes when he finally made himself come.

=#=#=#=#=#=#=#=#=#=#=#=#=#=#=

Charlie didn't see much of Kelly over the following week. With a sort of willful ignorance they pretended between themselves that nothing had happened. The real awkwardness for both of them was in relation to Kevin. Kelly knew that she still had to tell him what had happened, but the longer she waited, the guiltier her secret became. All the while, Charlie lived a nervous existence, having constantly to wonder how much his roommate knew.

It also happened to be the week that Kelly was supposed to begin moving into their apartment. Charlie had recently gotten a new job across the country, and the timing with the engagement made it a perfect opportunity for Kevin and Kelly to take over the lease. As awkward as things had now become, Charlie was beginning to feel relieved rather than regretful about having to part from his long time friend. It was no surprise, however, that Kelly was a little less than eager to start moving in while Charlie was around.

That Thursday, Kelly finally brought over some of her boxes and spent the night with Kevin. Charlie considerately kept to himself that night, although he held out a secret hope to hear the sounds of sex through his bedroom walls. His hopes were disappointed.

The next morning, however, Kevin and Kelly were feeling a bit friskier. As Charlie made coffee in the kitchen, he could hear the two of them giggling in the shower. Finding himself fantasizing once again, he pictured their two sudsy bodies steaming up the shower, Kelly's firm hand working up a frothy lather on her boyfriend's hardened cock until his semen sprayed up against the misty shower door... 

The shower turned off, shattering Charlie's hope that his fantasy was true. Yet he was no longer in need of coffee to perk him up. He tried to disguise the bulge in his pants when he heard the door to the bathroom open. It wouldn't be easy.

"Good morning," Kelly chirped cheerfully as she walked into the kitchen in her towel.

"Erm, good morning," Charlie replied, trying to keep his cool. He had seen Kelly so many times after a shower, and the way she wrapped herself in a towel had once even looked demure. Yet today she appeared to him anything but innocent.

Still, Charlie was happy to see that her usual carefree attitude was beginning to return. Rummaging her fingers through her stringy, wet hair, she smiled at Charlie as she noticed him watching. It was the only moment they had been alone together since the night it happened, and for the first time they saw a glint of recognition in each other's eyes. Though neither said a word, there was a shared sense of relief that there didn't have to be any shame between them. In the long glance the two of them exchanged, something caught Kelly's eye. Perhaps feeling a bit too shameless, she peered down at Charlie's pants and noticed that he was aroused! Charlie blushed, but he was tickled by the charmed smirk upon Kelly's face. It was a look that she promptly wiped away as Kevin walked into the room.

"What's up?" Kevin asked, sensing that there was something going on.

"Uh, nothing," Charlie too quickly retorted. "Want some coffee?"

"Yeah sure. Do you know if we have any eggs? ..."

Charlie was relieved that the conversation had turned mundane because he needed to get his mind off of sex. He tried his best not to notice how precariously Kelly's towel held onto her body as she fumbled through the cabinets for some food. Yet even the sight of Kevin's waist, tied in a towel, stirred up memories of how he had felt when he had first seen his roommate exposed. It disturbed Charlie, who had never felt the least attraction to men, to recognize that even his friend had in a way become an object of fantasy since that night. 
