 Unlike my previous stories, this one was not based on real life, but rather created for the pleasure of my wonderful wife. In between when this story was started, and when I finished it, her fantasy came true; but not at all like I had envisioned it below. We hope you enjoy it.



"I'm back!" I smelled incense as I shut the door behind me. "Any word from Kath yet?"

My wife, Ann, appeared down the hall in a thin robe; her hair wet from the shower. "She called not too long ago - she'll be here in about an hour. What time do my parents need us to pick up 'the small' tomorrow?"

"Not until three." I smiled at her. "Nervous?"

"No. Yes. Maybe. You know how much I've been crushing on her!" Ann's eyes closed slightly as she pictured their friend with her spiky punk hair on top of her slight frame. Bold tattoos showed on her arms and legs, giving her a butch aspect that Ann found incredibly attractive. Kath usually wore over-large clothes that concealed her body – it was only occasionally that we had had glimpses of the form concealed beneath. Ann's nipples crinkled slightly as she remembered seeing Kath in a thin t-shirt, her nipples dark and protruding under the fabric.

"I'm thinking that it's mutual – remember what she told us about how red, red wine affects her?" I smiled as I sang the words to the reggae song, moving closer to Ann and encircling her with my arms. I could feel the heat of her small, tight body through the light silk. My own body responded as I caressed her back and the top of Ann's ass as I held her close to me.

Ann giggled. "'Can't be held responsible for my actions', is the quote I believe. We've got some, right?" 

"Yep, plenty." I brought a hand around, and teased the underside of one breast and a nipple through the slick material. I felt it tighten before she pushed me away. 

"Stop that Eric!" She laughed. "I have to finish getting dressed, and weren't you going to take a shower? Otherwise we may still be naked when she gets here."

"And that would be a bad thing how?"

"Git!"

I got. As I shaved and showered, I thought about the last time that Ann and I had gone dancing. Ann had really let loose that night, and I had never had as much fun dancing as I had then. The small dance floor had been packed, and we worked our way up in front of the stage so that we could watch the band. Ann had her back to me, and ground her perfect tight ass into my crotch; keeping me hard for her all night. 

I found myself stiffening at the memory; I quickly finished washing my hair and shaved my balls as usual. Forcing myself to shut off the hot water, I started drying myself off before wrapping the towel around my waist and stepping into the bedroom. What met my eyes caused me to stop in my tracks and drop my jaw. Ann's eyes met mine in the full length closet mirror she was standing in front of. "You like?" 

I didn't answer as my eyes moved slowly up her body. Her feet were encased in heels, giving her an extra two or three inches in height and lengthening her shapely legs. Fishnet hose accented the shape of her legs, before disappearing under the mid-thigh length tight black skirt. On top of it all was a leather corset, the white skin of her back showing erotically through the laced up gap. 

"You might not make it out the door looking like that!" I moved in close behind Ann, holding on to her hips as I pressed myself against her, nuzzling her neck as I devoured the sight of her in the mirror.

"Time for that later," she laughed. "Help lace me up tighter so I can get some cleavage out of this." I tightened the laces as she arranged her 'B cups' to maximum effect. Her breasts were pushed up by the tight leather, her nipples and areolas barely hidden. 

"Holy crap," I breathed. My towel tented even more as I took in the erotic vision of my wife posed before me. 

Ann looked down, suddenly shy. "Are you sure I look OK? You don't mind being seen with me like this?"

"Are you kidding me? I love seeing you like this. I should make you dress like this more often when we go out." She smiled a bit at that, her submissive nature liking the thought of being told how to dress. "Which reminds me, what do you have under here?" I walked forward, looking down into Ann's eyes as I leaned in for a kiss. I caressed her ass with my hands, and then moved my hand down onto bare skin and up again, raising the back of her skirt and revealing a matching leather thong. "Nice, but I have something else for you to wear tonight instead." I moved to my dresser, and took a small piece of cloth out of the top drawer. 

"Is that what I think it is?"

"If you remember our conversation from the last time we went out dancing, then yes." I flipped a small switch on the inch and a half long piece of plastic, and tucked it back into its pocket. "All set. Put that on, and I'll finish getting dressed myself." 

"I know we talked about this before, but tonight? With Kath?" She looked hesitant, and a little worried.

"Yes tonight; and yes with Kath. Trust me." She took the small piece of material, and I kissed her, tasting her lips with my tongue briefly before moving to get dressed myself. For my part, dressing to go out was easy. I didn't bother with putting on a pair of boxers under my black jeans. A casual button up shirt worn untucked and a pair of motorcycle boots completed my task, and I looked up at Ann from my seat on the bed. 

She was stunning. Her curly brunette hair framed her elfin face; accenting her cheekbones and brushing the tops of her bare shoulders. The leather corset pushed her small breasts up and in, giving her a distracting amount of cleavage. As she moved, a hint of her flat belly showed between the corset and her skirt, the jewel in her pierced navel glinting enticingly. The fishnets made every curve of her legs apparent, and drew the eyes up to her perfect ass. The thin material of her skirt was stretched tight, and announced to the world that she either had on the smallest of thongs or nothing at all. Ann was Eros incarnate, and my cock instantly stiffened inside my pants as I gazed at her.

"You are so beautiful." I couldn't resist taking her into my arms and kissing her deeply, pressing myself up against her and pushing her against the wall. I massaged her ass with one hand as I held her face with the other as we kissed. Our tongues met and probed against each other, and she moaned into my mouth as she straddled one of my legs, and pressed tight against me.

We were both breathing heavily when we came up for air a minute or so later, and I heard the clicking of shoes walking up the pathway to our front door.

"That's her! You let her in, I've got to fix my makeup after that!"

I walked down the hall as the doorbell rang; trying to readjust myself in my pants so that the first thing Kath saw wasn't my dick waving at her. I was glad I had made the effort, because it was a transformed Kath that I saw when I opened the door.

The typical everyday Kath outfit was a baggy t-shirt and comfortable jeans. They gave her a slightly androgynous look that she normally clearly favored. Tonight was something different altogether.

"Damn Kath, you look great! Come on in." I frankly admired her as she came up for a quick hug, and my hands touched the bare skin of her back for the first time. "Ann will be out in a second. You look like you're ready for a night on the town." 

"Is it too much for you?" She looked down at herself critically. This was a side of Kath I hadn't seen before, and I liked it a lot. Platform wedges were strapped to her feet, bringing her to my height. Her legs were sheathed in tight black leather that showcased her compact ass. The sleeveless and strapless top was also black, made of a shear material that showed glimpses of her torso through the fabric. An extra layer of material removed the shear factor from the material over her breasts, but their movement under the material and the hints of nipple showed that she wasn't wearing a bra. The tribal tattoos on her arms, shoulders, neck and ankles showed up clearly in contrast to her pale skin, giving her a don't fuck with me look.

"You look amazing – I'm feeling under dressed next to you two." Just then Ann appeared from the hall, and I got to watch Kath's eyes widen.

"You are under dressed compared to us. Ann, you are fucking hot in that!" 

I laughed – one of the things we liked about Kath was her bluntness. Some folks had a hard time dealing with that, but we simply found it refreshing. Pouring some wine as the women talked, I sat back as the conversation flowed. We stuck to innocuous topics, and I refreshed their wine glasses and enjoyed watching them interact and become more comfortable with each other. There was still an undercurrent of tension and nervousness though. 

"So where are we going tonight?" Kath sipped at her second glass of Pinot Noir.

"There's a roadhouse just over five minutes from here," I said. "They've got a live band playing tonight that does a good mix of covers – it should be fun."

Kath groaned and covered her face. "I got kicked out of there a couple years ago. I'm not sure if they'll let me in or not." 

I was laughing too hard to speak, and Ann asked the obvious question. "Why the hell did you get kicked out?"

"My girlfriend and I were making out on the dance floor, and they fucking tossed us! I don't know if they'll let me back in if they recognize me." She still sounded pissed, and I didn't blame her.

"Hell, I've seen people kissing on the dance floor before. I can't believe that they threw you out for that!" Ann was more than pissed, she looked furious. 

Kath hesitated. "Well, it might have been a little more than just kissing."

"A little more? How much more?" I asked.

"Um, we got a little touchy-feely I suppose."

"Since when does that get you thrown out of a bar?"

"It might have had something to do with my sucking on her tit while we were dancing," she blurted out. For once Kath looked a little embarrassed. "I couldn't help myself, it just popped out!"

I cocked an eyebrow at her and looked skeptical. I hoped my hard-on wasn't as obvious as it felt, but I didn't look down to check.

"OK, fine! I might have helped it out a little bit. I was celebrating the anniversary of my divorce, and I might have had a little too much to drink."

I just looked at her while Ann laughed.

"Fuck you! OK, I had a lot to drink! But still!" She managed to look indignant, which sent Ann and I into further convulsions of laughter.

"Well, I don't think you'll have any problems unless anything else 'pops out' and you can't manage to contain yourself. The bar got new owners not too long ago, so I'm sure it will be fine."

Kath looked a little relieved at that, and picked up her wine glass again. "I hope so. That wasn't so much fun." 

I looked at Ann and winked. "I don't know, I've never been thrown out of a bar before. It might be fun to have a story like that." 

"Don't you even think about it! I don't plan on getting tossed out tonight. I've been looking forward to this too much." 

"Make sure you don't go popping out then. I don't know if I could contain myself, and we know that Kath can't." 

I watched them catch each other's eyes, and hold the gaze while the silence rippled out from my remark. Kath didn't say a word, just sipped her wine and held Ann's eyes. Ann was the first to look away, and finished the last of the wine in her glass. "So when should we leave?"

I looked at my watch. "Anytime. We should probably head out soon if we want to have a chance at grabbing some seats."

They both jumped up, Kath finishing her glass as well. "Just let me go grab my keys and wallet, and we can get out of here. Give me just a sec." I went down the hallway to our bedroom to get my stuff, giving the room the once over. Clean sheets on the California King bed, candles and incense ready to be lit, music set up on the stereo, lube accessible on the headboard – everything looked good. As I came back down the hall I found the girls waiting at the door, heads together and talking quietly. 

"You two ready?"

They looked up at me and grinned. Ann nodded at me. "Are we ever!"

"Let's do it then."

I locked up the house behind them, following the two women down the walkway. The porch light accented both the white of my wife's exposed back, and the tight roundness of Kath's leather encased ass. I grinned to myself; no matter what happened, this was sure to be a night to remember. 

"There's no sense in having someone stuck alone in the back seat. You two sit back there and I'll be your chauffer for the evening." 

Ann looked back at me, her eyebrow raised. I grinned at her. "We can't have Kath getting lonely back there in the back seat all by herself."

I opened the back door of the car, and helped Kath in. The neckline of her blouse fell open as she got in, and I caught a glimpse of the curve of her unfettered breasts. I handed Ann in next, watching her short skirt hike up, exposing the top of her thigh high fishnets. Her small breasts, forced up and in by the corset, looked ready to explode out the top, and I saw Kath lick her lips as Ann got in next to her.

I walked around the back of the car, adjusting myself yet again in my jeans. Maybe I should have worn underwear – my near constant hard on would be a lot less obvious. I shrugged, not really caring, and got in. 

I took the long way, and drove slowly to give Ann and Kath a chance to get comfortable. By the time we pulled in to the parking lot and found a spot, the laughter and giggling from the back seat was near constant. This time I opened the door on Kath's side and extended a hand to help her out. She in turn extended her hand to Ann, who scooted over to climb out. As she did so, Ann's skirt rode up on her legs, exposing the top of her thigh highs and the pale skin above them on the leg nearest us. I groaned in obvious appreciation, and Kath nodded in agreement as she finished pulling Ann to her feet. They stood there, face to face, not saying anything as I closed and locked the car. 

"Are you two coming?" My words seemed to break the spell they were under, and Ann slapped my ass in retaliation for the inadvertent implied pun as we turned to head in. Kath fell into step next to Ann as I paid the small cover charge, and I held the door open for the ladies. 

The band was just finishing setting up, but it was already pretty crowded; and it was obvious that we'd have to get lucky at some point if we wanted to sit down. I made my way through the crowd and found a spot of wall to lean against on one side of the dance floor, about ten feet from the stage. There was even a niche in the wall where we could put our drinks, once we had them. It felt exposed, being as it was right on the dance floor; but I knew that would change as soon as people started dancing seriously.

"If you two will hold this spot, I'll go get us some drinks," I said. "What's your poison tonight? Their margaritas are pretty killer here."

"I'll stick with wine," Kath said. "Something like you were serving at the house would be good." I grinned to myself with the thought of how red wine affected Kath.

"As good as those margaritas are, I think I'll stick with wine myself," chimed in Ann. "They knocked me on my ass last time." 

"And such a nice ass it is, too. I'll be back in a minute." I fought my way through the growing crowd, and eventually managed to get our three drink orders placed. I was planning on leaving my margarita behind and collecting it on a second trip, but a very cute blonde waitress bursting out of a distractingly low cut top noticed my lack of hands and offered to bring it over for me. 

"Here you go," I announced as I handed them their glasses. 

Kath saw the buxom blonde coming up behind me. "What, two hot chicks aren't enough for you? You've got to collect more of 'em?"

I laughed. "Maybe I need some variety. I'm overstocked on brunettes at the moment." I thanked the blonde waitress for her help, and tipped her. "Do you think you could come by here every once in a while? I have a feeling getting to the bar and back is going to be getting harder."

"Sure thing!" she chirped, and started making her rounds just as the band started up their first song.

As close to the stage as we were, the volume made talking difficult, so we relaxed against the wall, sipping our drinks and people watching. I had ended up on one end, with Kath bookending Ann between us. I slipped my left arm around Ann's waist, pressing our hips together. We watched the crowd, something we often did when we were out in public. It was fun to 'girl watch' with her, and although our taste in women wasn't identical, we often found the same women attractive. Kath was definitely one of those women, and I glanced over at her. She was swaying back and forth to the music, people watching herself. Some trick of the stage lights made her blouse more transparent then it had been at the house. You could clearly see her torso now through the gauzy fabric, and although details remained hidden, the outline of her breasts swaying back and forth with her movements was clear. 

I wanted to make sure that my wife had the same view that I did; so I turned my side to the wall, pulling Ann around and spooning her into me, locking my hands low on her stomach so she was facing the same way I was, towards Kath. I felt Ann's breath catch as she saw what I had noticed, and I felt her ass grind back into my crotch, fueling my stiffness. 

The dance floor was starting to fill up now that the band had hit its' stride, and soon we had dancers around us. "Feel like dancing yet?" I asked Ann above the noise.

"You know it!" 

I let go of her and took a half step back in order to give her some room as we started dancing. She didn't turn to face me, but kept her eyes on Kath who put her drink down in the niche, and started dancing as well. The three of us danced in place next to the wall, Ann and I facing Kath with our backs to the band, with Ann's ass occasionally grinding into my crotch. I was already hard from watching Kath's breasts pressing against her top as she raised her hands over her head. Her hips moved sensuously from side to side, following the mid-tempo back beat. Her nipples were obvious, dark and hard, stiff from the friction caused by dancing.

I pressed up close behind Ann, holding her hips as she gyrated against me. Looking at the side of her face, I could see her eyes locked on Kath's form as she danced in front of us. I looked back to Kath, who was no longer watching the band as she danced. Instead, her eyes were raking Ann's body, obviously stopping to linger at the cleavage caused by the restrictive leather. I smiled at Kath as she looked at me, knowing that she had been caught, and she shrugged as if to say 'how could I help myself?' 

The band transitioned from 80's rock into a cover of a recent hip-hop song that I really didn't like very much, and Ann and I took the opportunity to catch our breaths. I leaned into Ann, towards Kath, raising my voice against the heavy bass beat. "Having a good time so far? Need some more wine?"

"Yes and yes!"

I looked at Ann and she nodded as well. I hadn't seen our blonde waitress in a while, no surprise due to the packed dance floor, so I headed off towards the bar. Just as I cleared the dance area, I felt a touch on my elbow. Looking around I saw the waitress that had helped me earlier. "Perfect, thanks..." I leaned closer to read her nametag in the dim lighting. "Thanks Debbie! Could we get another Pinot, a White Merlot, and three tap waters?"

"You got it" she nodded to me, and continued taking some additional orders. I turned to head back to our spot. Just as I was about to cut through the edge of the dance area, I caught a glimpse of Ann and Kath. They had started dancing again, and had moved closer to each other then they had been before. Smiling to myself, I moved a little closer until I had an intermittent view of them through the crowd from about fifteen feet away, in a clear space next to a chest high table filled with half consumed drinks. 
