 I want to tell you a story about my neighbor's. When I first moved in next door to them, I didn't pay a lot of attention to them. I would be out working in the yard, and we would wave and say hi, we finally met each other and introduced ourselves.

His name is Mike is forty-two years old with permanent gray hair and green eyes. He stands about five feet ten inches tall, and very fit. His wife Lucy is thirty-nine years old with long dark hair, brown eyes and very small and petite. They have a grown daughter named Jenny that looks just like her mother.

To see them out in public you wouldn't think anything, but they are an ordinary loving family. But let me tell you they all have a secret side to them. I started noticing that the neighbors on the other side of them were always over and when they left the wife would look disheveled.

One night it was a warm rainy night, I was closing my windows before bed when I heard some odd noises outside. I decided to look and see what was going on. I stepped out on the deck to look around. When I spotted Mike in the backyard on a blanket, he was having sex. I could not seem to turn away from watching.

It was dark, so I was only really seeing shadows, but what I was seeing was very sexy. I started getting wet watching them; I could hear the moans clearly which turned me on even more. I reached down to my quim to start rubbing it through my panties; I moved my fingers under my panties to be able to touch myself. I started rubbing my clit to their moaning I came hard and fast that I was shaking.

I realized that I was very vocal when I came. I straightened myself and looked over to my neighbor's yard, and I could see Mike's head turned towards my house. Shit, I got caught! I rushed back into the house and shut everything down for the night.

Several days went by as normal, but every time I saw Mike, I would turn to go the other way. I was so embarrassed that I got caught watching him and his wife.

About a week after I got caught I found an invitation in my mailbox. "You are invited to join us for a small gathering at our home on this coming Saturday at eight o'clock pm." I see that the invitation is signed Mike and Lucy; I just stood in the kitchen rereading the invite and thought no way!

Friday came, and I was outside working in the flower beds. Mike came up behind me "Hi Ashley." I did not hear him come up on me, so he startled me.

I stood and turned to look at him. I could not look at him in the eyes as I replied: "Hi, Mike what can I do for you?"

"I just wanted to make sure that you got our invitation for tomorrow night?" He asked me.

"Yes, I did. Thank you for the invite, but I am not sure if I am going to be able to make it." I responded to his question.

Mike looked taken aback by my response. "Oh, bummer I was hoping you could join us with our neighbors from the other side of us, Steve and Carrie."

I put my head down and was shaking it back and forth. "I do thank you truly, but I don't know I would be very comfortable" I replied.

Mike looked surprised by my response "Why would think that?" He asked me. I just shrugged my shoulders. Mike lifted my head to look at him in the eyes then asked me, "Are you embarrassed from last week watching Carrie and me in the backyard?"

My mouth dropped open not expecting him to say that it was not his wife, but the neighbor lady he was fucking. All I could say was "Yes."

Mike was smiling at me, then informed me "Don't be upset or embarrassed we are very friendly on this street!"

"I guess so!" was my only response.

Mike was chuckling at me "Well we are all hoping you can make it over so we can all get to know you better." He stated to me with a wink and a sly smile as he was getting ready to go back to his house. I just stood there for a minute watching him walk away.

The rest of Friday and all-day Saturday I debated about going over there. I am so torn on what I should do because I know in my gut sex will be involved. Finally, curiosity got the best of me I want to know what happens at their house. At seven o'clock I get into the shower, I do not know what to expect, so I shave all over, I made sure that I was smooth all over.

I picked out a short skirt and flowy peasants blouse that flashes people when I bend over. I did my short red hair in a spiky style. I was trying to decide what shoes to wear; I am already six feet tall with long legs and thick thighs. I decided on wearing a pair of strappy sandals that showed off my cute bright pink toenails.

I looked at the clock, and it was reading eight fifteen, I took a deep breath grabbed a bottle of wine I had sitting out, left the house to go next door. Once I got to their front door, I could hear loud music playing. I rang the doorbell to let them know that I was there.

Mike answered the door barefoot in a pair of loose, comfortable Levi's and no shirt. Once he seen that it was me on the other side of the door, his smiled turned huge. I handed him the bottle of wine as he told me to come in.

As I walked into the house, he grabbed my hand as he shut the door, then leaned to kiss me lightly on the lips. While still holding my hand, he leads me to the living room where the others were at; Mike hollered out to everyone that I was there.

He introduced me to Steve and Carrie who I had never met before just seen them around and to his daughter Jenny. Everyone came over to shake my hand or give me a peck on the cheek. Except for Lucy once everyone was away from me she came over and gave me the biggest French kiss I have ever had. She is very passionate holding my face as she was kissing me, and It startled me at first before I started returning the kiss.

I looked over at Mike, and he laughed at me then informed me "Lucy loves everyone!" I just smiled at him as Lucy led me to the sofa.

Mike gave me a glass of wine and sat next to me on the sectional sofa while Lucy was on the other side of me. Lucy was rubbing on my knee while she was talking to the others in the room. Steve pulled out a joint to share with everyone. When It got handed to me; I gave it right to Lucy.

Mike seen what I had done, so he leaned into me and asked: "Don't you want any weed to help you relax?" I shook my head at him no. "Are you sure? It will help you relax." He told me.

"No, thank you, the wine is enough for me," I told him.

He leaned in and kissed on my neck, and then he informed me of what was going to happen that evening. "I want you to feel comfortable because we will all be fucking each other very soon."

I moved my head to the side to give him better access and replied: "I am fine."

I could feel Lucy's hand slide up my inner thigh and pulling my legs apart to get to my quim. Once she got to my crotch, she pulled my panties to the side so she could rub my clit. She dipped her finger into my pussy hole to get some of my honey.

When she pulled out, she put her finger into her mouth to taste my flavor. I was getting so turned on and wet by her attention. I can say that I have never been intimate with a female, but there is always a first time.

I looked over at Mike to see that Carrie was unzipping his jeans to pull out his cock. It had a perfect mushroom top head and had a nice glisten to it from pre-cum. Lucy inserted her fingers into my pussy again this time when she pulled them out she put her fingers in Mike's mouth to taste me.

Carrie was sucking on his cock while Mike was sucking Lucy's fingers clean of my honey. When she pulled her fingers out of his mouth, he turned to me and started kissing my passionately. I could taste myself on his tongue.

I can feel Lucy fingering my pussy again while using her thumb on my clit. It felt amazing while kissing Mike. I feel Mike start to move his hips because Carrie is getting into sucking his cock. Mike pulled away from me to concentrate on Carrie.

I looked over to see Jenny riding Steve's cock; I watched her ass bobbing up and down as Steve's cock is sliding in and out of her pussy. I hear Jenny moaning which seems to be getting louder; she is moving faster while Steve grabs her ass cheeks to help slam into her while she having her orgasm. Jenny screams as she is orgasming.

Steve flipped her over onto her back to start pounding her pussy. Lucy got my attention by grabbing my breast through my shirt. I looked at her, and I can see the lust in her eyes. "Ashley, you have too many clothes on lets you undressed!" Lucy instructs me as she is tugging on the bottom of my blouse.

I stand up and hesitantly strip out of all my clothes. At first, I was trying to cover my belly with my arms because of my muffin top. But Lucy would not let me hide she pulled my arms out to look at me, she smiled and looked up at me and said "Ashley you are beautiful! Don't ever hide yourself!"

I looked around me and notice that everyone else is looking at me with a smile on their face and lust in their eyes. I went to sit back down on the sofa when Lucy directed me towards the side section then she instructed me to lay down.

I laid on my back as Lucy crawled between my legs. She placed one of my legs on the back of the sofa and the other one on the floor, so I laid there completely open to her. She then dove in and started eating my pussy.

"OH MY GOD!" I scream out, I have had my pussy eaten before but never like this. Lucy was flicking my clit with her tongue while she hooked two fingers inside my pussy to rub my g-spot. She reached up to squeeze my breast and to pinch my nipples while she was paying close attention to my quim.

I started moving my hips while Lucy was licking me. She started sucking on my clitoris, and it felt amazing! I was panting hard as I was building up to have an orgasm. Lucy started moving her fingers faster in and out of my pussy. I started squirting all over Lucy's face, I can hear voices around me making comments "Holy Shit!" and "I want some of that!"

Lucy licked me clean then crawled up on top of me to start French kissing me. I taste myself all over her mouth I pulled away from the kiss to lick her face to clean it up from my orgasm.

Mike came over to us and positioned himself between my legs, he smacked Lucy on the ass and told her "It's my turn!" Lucy turned her head to look at her husband then crawled off of me.

Mike looked at all of me he started at my head and moved down my body. "First I want to taste you properly." He informed me as he repositioned to be able to lick my pussy. He was sticking his tongue in my pussy hole. I was lifting my hips off the sofa to make his tongue go in further. He pushed my hips down to have more control.

When I was on the verge of an orgasm, he stopped. I let out a huff and whined at him "Why did you stop?" He just chuckled as he got up on his knees and guided his cock into my pussy. I sucked in my breath as he slid his cock into me, god it felt so good inside me.

Mike started moving in and out at a slow pace, and I was meeting every one of his movements. He started moving faster, so I yelled out "God, yes Mike fuck me, fuck me hard!"

Mike reached down to rub my clit while he was moving in and out of me. But then he surprised me by lifting my leg up to suck on my toes. He was running his tongue between my toes as well as sucking my big toe. I could not take it any longer I arched my back and screamed "Oh, fuck yes, fuck yes!" as I had an orgasm.

I could hear Mike laughing after I calmed down when I looked at him he smiled at me and asked: "That was a good one for you?" I smiled back and nodded.

I looked around to see that Steve was now fucking Lucy. She was on her knees while Carrie was sitting in front of her with her legs spread wide. I can see Lucy licking Carrie's pussy. I looked around the room to see where Jenny was; I found her sitting on the floor watching all of us fingering herself.

She noticed that I was watching her, she crawled over to me and started rubbing my breast while her dad was fucking me. She leaned into me and started sucking on my nipples. I arched my back to feed her more of my breast. She slid her hand down my stomach to the top of my quim.

She started rubbing my clit while Mike started fucking me harder than I could feel his balls hitting my ass while our skin is slapping together. Mike started talking to me "You like that? You like me pounding that pussy of yours?" I screamed "Yes!"

Jenny came up to my head to start French kissing me; I reached my hand to her breast. I was cupping her breast testing the weight of them. I started rolling and pinching her nipples; I could feel her quiver while I was pinching her.

I shifted on the sofa to reach down to Jenny's pussy; she was sopping wet with both her and Steve's fluids. I inserted my finger into her quim, and it felt amazing. She was squeezing my finger with her pussy muscles. Jenny pulled away from me, so I gave her a questioning look. She stood up in front of me then straddled over me. She lowered herself onto my face, so I got to taste pussy for the first time.

I was very hesitant I was not quite sure what I was to do, I timidly stick my tongue out to taste Jenny's pussy. Once I got a taste of her juices I got hooked, I went nuts and was licking and sucking her pussy lips and clit. She came on my face, so I was all wet.

After she came, she climbed off me. Mike was still fucking me but at a slower pace. He leaned into me and started kissing me deeply and passionately tasting his own daughter's flavor on my mouth and tongue. He leaned back up and informed me "I want to fuck your ass!"

He pulled out of me so I could turn over onto my hands and knees. He spits on my asshole and slid his finger into me to stretch me out a bit to accept his cock. I feel him spit on me again then he put the head of his cock against my hole. He slowly starts pushing his cock into my anus once he pushed past my anal ring he paused until I started pushing back against him to let him know that I wanted more.

When Mike had all of his cock in my rectum I felt full; he started moving slowly at first then he picked up the pace. I leaned my head and shoulders down so I could yell into the cushion. I reached down under myself to rub my clit while Mike and I came at the same time.

Mike filled my rectum up full, he pulled out slowly, and I slid down onto my belly to catch my breath. Mike slapped my ass as he was getting off the sofa. I jerked while he chuckled as he informed me "I have wanted you since you moved in next door. Now that I have had you I want more." I just looked at him and nodded my head.

I laid on the sofa watching everyone else in the room. Mike sat on the other side of the sectional while he lit a joint to smoke. Jenny went over to him and started sucking his cock cleaning it off for him. It was just blowing my mind that he and his daughter are so free with one another.

I looked at the other three, and they were taking a break also. Lucy had Steve's cum on her face, and Carrie was kissing her. I made eye contact with Steve, he got up and came over to me and said "My turn!"

Steve was standing in front of me so I could look at his fat cock. He just stood there looking down at me waiting. I sat up and wrapped my hand around his cock then wrapped my lips around the head. He moved closer to me so I could take more of his cock.

Steve put his hand on the back of my head to make sure I took all of his fat cock. I gagged a few times until I got my throat used to his size. He started pumping his hips fucking my face, I opened my mouth and let him fuck my mouth hard. He was holding both of my ears pumping hard as I was drooling all over myself. With one final thrust he came, I felt five spurts hit the back of my throat before I swallowed it all. He pulled out of my mouth, and I fell back against the sofa.

I was exhausted I have not been fucked this hard or this much in god knows how long. I decided it was time for me to head home. I slowly got off the sofa, and I had to search for my clothes, I found everything but my panties. I got dressed looking around seeing all the others dozing, so I just left and went home.

I decided that I needed a shower, so I got undressed again and took a hot shower it felt good on the sore muscles I didn't even know I had. When I got done, I threw on a robe to settle in for the night. My doorbell rang, I went to answer it, and it was Mike leaning against the frame with a cocky smile.

"I just wanted to make sure you got home safe and that you were okay." He tells me.

I laughed as I replied "I live next door and yes I am more than okay. Thank you very much."

Mike leaned in to give me a quick kiss than looks at me and pulls my panties out of his pocket. "I wondered where those were," I told him.

He smiled and put my panties to his nose and inhaled the scent then informs me as he is backing away "Oh these? These are mine now, and I can't wait to get you out of another pair soon!" I started laughing hard at his facial expressions.

"Oh, there will be another time!" I informed him as he started going down the steps. He turns and waves at me as he leaves. I close the door with a deep sigh knowing that this is the best neighborhood I could live.