 Thelma snuggled closer, and I rubbed the spot where her back swept down into the cleft her buttocks, my other hand squeezing a handful of flesh from her waist as we swayed to the slow sensual beat. She smiled up at me and pursed her full mouth; I kissed her softly, teasing her lower lip. She responded hungrily, rubbing her hip against the hard cock encased in my chinos, and my hunger fed off hers, feasting on the puffy lips. This was not supposed to be happening.

I had met the girls on a snorkelling trip out to the reef. I had handed Thelma down into the launch, all brunette curls, toothy smile and sunglasses, and as she settled her well-upholstered behind on the thwart beside me, Mabel had come stumbling after, losing her footing on the slippery sole. As she fell onto me, I had caught her firmly by the waist, lowering her down on my other side. Flushing pink, the chubby redhead had had to endure not just my solicitous enquiries as to her well-being (and ogling of her ample chest), but also her friend's teasing allegation that she had been purposely throwing herself at me.

As the boat filled with earnest German tourists the girls had talked across me, drawing me into their chatter, and by the time the dive guide gunned the outboard, we were already friends. The ride out on the fast rib had been enormous fun, the girls bouncing merrily against me, their boobs beneath the spray soaked T-shirts delightfully out of sync with the rise and fall of the inflatable as it plunged into the waves.

Out on the calm of the reef we stripped down to our bathers. Thelma was spilling out of an ill- advised bikini, her belly fold hanging over the floral material as it strained to encase the rounded behind and puffy outer lips, her breasts thrust out by a miracle of underwiring. Mabel more demurely had opted for a one-piece, but low enough cut to display canyonous cleavage. 

That afternoon out on the reef had been magical. I had shown the girls how to use snorkels and fins, and taught them to equalise and duck dive, thrusting out their big bottoms as the fat thighs followed through. My repayment had been their delight at the underwater world, as I pointed out the types of coral and species of fish, from an enormous humpheaded Napoleon wrasse to iridescent tangs and cardinals. As Thelma and Mabel's eyes widened at sea cucumbers, brittlestars, urchins and brightly coloured nudibranchs, I had drunk in the dappled patterns made on the pale northern European flesh by the Tropical sun refracting through the ripples, as I swam above and below them, shepherding them to me like a bull seal protectively laying claim to his blubbery wives.

I had been charmed by them, Thelma's bubbly good humour and the answering spark from her shyer friend; they were so natural and at ease with one another, the best of mates. When they had suggested I join them for dinner I had not needed asking twice. The meal had been punctuated with laughter and, while I knew I could never break up such a matched pair and take one for lover and leave the other for gooseberry, I had not denied myself the pleasures of flirting, being careful to give attention in equal measure to each lovely.

Then when the plates had been cleared away, Thelma had dragged me onto the dance floor, and here we were, her bosom pressed to my chest as I fondled her bum, our lips performing intricate dance moves to the music. As the song ended I gently pulled away, and thanking her, lead her by the hand back to the table where Mabel was waiting. 

As Thelma excused herself and made off swaying slightly in the direction of the ladies, I turned from contemplation of her receding bottom, to see that Mabel had on her what could only be described as a face like a smacked arse. 

"It's getting late. I am going to turn in," she said, pushing her chair away from the table. 

Mortified I reached out a hand and put it over hers. "Don't go. Please."

"It's all right," she replied icily, "I wouldn't want to get in the way."

"Of what?" I asked, disingenuously, clasping her hand more firmly.

"Of you and Thelma."

"There is nothing to get in the way off. Honestly."

She regarded me a little uncertainly. "That's not how it looked when you were dancing. More snogging than dancing really."

She had me there. "That was just a bit of fun. Between friends. Look I have had a really great day. With both of you. It wont be half as much fun if you leave," I added, meaning it.

Mabel's shoulders slumped. "It's okay, you don't have to pretend. I know she is the pretty one."

I was taken aback. Mabel, with her button nose and untamed auburn locks was no less lovely than her curvy brunette friend. "Thelma is pretty, very pretty," I began cautiously. "As are you." I stroked her palm, "in fact you're gorgeous."

She snorted derisively, attempting to draw her hand away. I resisted, pulling her towards me, our faces inches apart. With my free hand I ran my fingers through her curls, toying with them as my eyes held hers. Her lips began to part and I leant forward, kissing her firmly. She responded gratefully, and as I stroked her shoulders I felt the tension melt from her body as she lost herself in the mutual adoration of lip on lip.

"Ahem." I hastily broke off the clinch to find Thelma standing over us with a face like thunder. "You bitch," she snarled at Mabel, "you knew I wanted him."

"Yes," Mabel snapped back, "and you didn't waste any time did you? Throwing yourself at him like... like a sow on heat!"

"Why you... tart!" exclaimed Thelma. " Five minutes I'm gone and you are all over him. Like a nasty rash!" 

Mabel threw the wine out of her glass at Thelma's chest, the sticky liquid dribbling down the slopes of creamy cleavage onto her pretty frock. Outraged Thelma threw herself at Mabel, pulling back her head by the hair. Mabel howled and slapped at Thelma catching her on the hip. Unbalanced by her own momentum Thelma tumbled to the ground, dragging Mabel after her. Mabel landed across the brunette, and seizing the advantage landed a stinging blow with the open palm of her hand across Thelma's cheek. Thelma punched up into the redhead's belly, winding her, and wriggled out from under her. As Mabel scrabbled to her knees the brunette grabbed hold of her foot, pulling her back, and swept an arm across smacking her on the bum. Clambering over the redhead Thelma grasped at her shoulder, but as Mabel struggled to free herself, Thelma found she had hold only of the strap of her dress and the bra beneath. She yanked down hard. One large pink tit now swinging free, Mabel straddled the brunette, slapping wildly at her plump breasts. Thelma retaliated by thrusting a hand up under Mabel's dress and pushing firmly on the inner thigh, sending the redhead off balance. Pinioning her to the floor the brunette ground her big bum into Mabel's belly, but with surprising agility the chubby redhead hooked her foot under Thelma's arm, flipping her onto her back, and flinging herself on top. 

The other diners were now staring agape at the pile of thrashing pulchritude, and as a flustered waiter came hurrying over, I decided the time had come to take charge of the situation. 

"Okay, that's enough," I said lifting Mabel off her friend; then keeping a firm hold of the spitting redhead, I hauled Thelma to her feet, being careful to keep her from flailing at the other girl.

"It's all right, we're leaving," I said, and still hanging onto both girls, extracted my wallet, peeling off what I hoped was the right money. Apologising I flung it at the waiter, and dragged the protesting girls out of the restaurant, Mabel cupping her exposed breast in her hand and looking daggers at the smirking Thelma. 

In the alley outside the restaurant, as Mabel adjusted her decolletage, Thelma felt the need to continue the argument. "You always want anything that's mine!"

"What makes you think have first dibs! Let him choose!" the redhead snarled in her face, flinging an arm out in my direction.

"Okay well do that!", the brunette snapped back. Hands on hips both girls turned to face me.

As I took in Mabel's torn frock and Thelma's with the wine stain down the front, the running mascara and the smudged lipstick, I could not help but feel a little responsible. I realised that to preserve the girls' friendship I would need to make the supreme sacrifice.

"I will not be choosing anyone", I said, my cock wilting at the words. I refused, I told them, to the cause of falling out between friends, and if by enjoying one I deprived myself of the company of the other, I would sooner do without. If we could not all remain as friends, it would be better if I saw neither of them again; their friendship was more important than any holiday romance. As I lectured the girls, I caught them glancing at one another shamefacedly.

"Now I want you to kiss and make up; you are both much better than this," I concluded. 

Thelma took her friend's hand. "I'm sorry," she said.

"Me too," the redhead replied, smiling wanly. For a long moment the girls stared into one another's eyes, then Mabel leaned in to kiss her friend on the lips. As the kiss lingered Thelma held Mabel firmly by the waist, the pressure of her lips intensifying, pulling and sucking. Mabel was wide-eyed but offered no resistance. The saucy look Thelma gave me as she broke of the clinch caused me to wonder if there might yet be some prospect of naughtiness.

As I walked the girls back to their chalet, we discussed plans for the next day, and then at the gate I bid them good night, and pushing my luck, jokily suggested a goodnight kiss might be in order. Mabel looked to Thelma, who with a shrug indicated that she might go first. 

A little shyly Mabel put her arms around my neck ; I squeezed her waist reassuringly as she leant into the kiss. It was a full five minutes before I emerged for air. "Top that", said Mabel turning to her friend. Thelma stepped in to take her place and without further fuss began probing passionately with her tongue. After I at last ended the snog, Thelma, still snuggled against my chest, grinned at Mabel, evidently believing herself the winner; but Mabel was not done yet. She closed in for the kiss and, one arm still wrapped around Thelma, I found myself fencing her tongue; as I did so Thelma ran her own tongue along my neck, breathing hotly. And so we continued, my attention turning from one girl to the other, as I explored the tonsils of one, my hand would fondle the bottom of the other, while she in turn teased my averted face with tongue, lips and teeth.

After perhaps a quarter of an hour, weak from the blood draining to my cock, I pulled out of the clinch and bid the girls goodnight. I remained by the gate, admiring their wobbling bottoms as they walked arm in arm up the path; then Thelma whispered something to Mabel, who giggled, and having conferred briefly, they turned back, and smiling each of the lovelies took me by the hand, leading me into the chalet. As the door closed behind me, Mabel whispered, "friends should be prepared to share."

Thelma slipped off her dress and sat on the end of the closest of the twin beds, unhooking her bra. She reached out a hand to me and I sunk to my knees in front of her, lost in the contemplation of her magnificent breasts, exploring them with my fingers. Mabel had also shed her dress and bra and sat down beside her friend, her legs up on the bed. While Thelma's boobs were firm and round, tipped with dark perky nipples, Mabel's were fuller and hung lower, the aureoles pink saucers. After much fondling, licking and kissing of all four, I eventually settled upon Thelma's left breast; clamping my mouth to the nipple I began sucking greedily.

Mabel watched, smiling wryly. "That must taste good."

"It does. Try one," I said, holding out the other breast to her.

"Go on," said Thelma, her face flushed. Mabel took the proffered teat and began rolling the tip of her tongue around the stiff nipple. The brunette groaned, and Mabel responded by lapping more vigorously; soon she was slurping as intently as I; Thelma settled herself back on the bed, purring at our undivided attention. I hooked a finger into the elastic of her knickers and eased them down, freeing the matted bush. My finger began tracing whirls around her inner lips, and then as Thelma's breathing grew thicker I began concentrating on the nubbin, synchronising the motion to the probing of my tongue. 

Thelma came quietly, her body jerking imperceptibly to a climax. Mabel caught my eye, and I imitated her in slowing the motions of my tongue, easing the brunette back from the place she had visited. 

Thelma stroked Mabel's copper hair, smiling down at us our tongues traced spirals on her breast. "Your turn now Mabel." she said. "Lie down upon the bed." As Mabel wordlessly obeyed, Thelma and I each helped ourselves to a teat. 

"I've never played with another girl's knockers before," observed Thelma. "It's really rather fun isn't it?"

"Oh yes," Mabel replied. "No wonder you boys are so bloody obsessed with them!" I could not argue with that!

Mabel lay back smiling beatifically as Thelma and I feasted, the colour rising in her face and breasts. Signalling Thelma to continue, I began kissing the redhead's belly, working my way slowly down to the pantyline. Nuzzling the sopping material, I took the panties in my teeth, worrying them down the thick thighs and past her knees until I had freed her of them entirely. 

As I began exploring Mabels' private place with my tongue, Thelma drew he mouth away and taking Mabel's hands sucked on the fingers before settling them on the large aureoles, her own hands over them guiding them as they kneaded the soft flesh. Leaving the redhead to play with her own breasts, Thelma rested her head on Mabel's belly the better to watch me at work. "More slowly," she said. 

"Show me," I replied, and slipping between Mabel's thighs Thelma took over from me. I watched entranced as her clever tongue traced intricate patterns round the inner lips, darting in and out of the slot, before settling on the unhooded nub. 

"Here, take over," she said, and as I clamped my mouth to Mabel's clitoris, Thelma repositioned herself at the top of the bed; absently playing with her own big-lipped pussy, she cradled the redhead, offering her a balloon like breast to suck on. Mabel took it gratefully, drawing the nipple into her mouth and suckling like a child, all the while rubbing her pink aureoles as I buried my head between her broad milky thighs. Reaching in two fingers, I located Mabel's G spot, rubbing and sucking alternately, faster and harder, continuing mercilessly even as Mabel spasmed in beautiful agony chomping down on the brunette's distended nipple, as Thelma, fingering frantically, also came to climax.

The two girls slumped side by side on the narrow bed, spent and happy. I lay with my head on the dome of Mabel's belly, one hand stroking the outside of her thigh as the other toyed with Thelma's sopping bush. Thelma smiled down at me. "Mount me," she breathed.

Turning out my pockets, I smiled wanly. "I can't," I replied "no johnnies." Mabel collapsed in a fit of giggles as Thelma threw her hands up.

"I'm sorry," I apologised, "I wasn't expecting this."

"And we think all the better of you because of it," said Mabel, unbuttoning my shirt, "But there is still plenty of fun to be had without." As Thelma lay on the bed watching, Mabel took her time to strip me of my shirt and chinos, planting kisses up and down my body as she did so. Mabel's hands hovered teasingly over the briefs encasing the engorged cock - only for Thelma to lunge across, yanking them down in one swift movement, the freed phallus leaping to attention. 

Thelma collapsed laughing at Mabel's' chagrin, even as the redhead landed a series of stinging smacks on her plump behind. "Mercy, mercy," giggled Thelma, "you can play first."

The redhead knelt before me on her broad haunches, caressing the shaft and pulling back the foreskin, licking the visocus pre-ejaculate off my glans as her fingers danced over my ballsack. Joining us, Thelma dropped to her knees behind me, her hot breath and wet lips on my bum as her tongue darted in and out of the crack. 

As pleasure surged to a crescendo, my fingers tightened on Mabel's curls and I pulled her closer to me, thrusting my cock deep into her mouth. She gagged as I came, the hot semen spurting into her throat.

Returning into my body, I felt a pang of regret at the rough treatment, but Mabel smiled up at me, pleased with herself, cum dribbling from the side of her mouth. Standing Thelma tousled the copper hair affectionately, then leant over to kiss her, sharing in the milky bounty.

Raising Mabel to her feet Thelma ran an appreciative eye over her friend's ample body. "Okay sweetie," she said, "you've shown you can suck cock, now let's see if you can eat cunt." 

Obliged to sit this one out, I watched entranced as Mabel straddled Thelma's face, lowering herself onto the brunette's flicking tongue, smothering her with her behind, before leaning forward, her fat belly pressed against her friend's as she nuzzled the furry crotch, burying her head between the bulging thighs. The two plump bodies merged to become one, flesh folding into flesh, lust answering unto lust, soul opening to soul, friendship perfected. The best of mates. 

END