 Last month I was told that I needed to attend a business conference in Cleveland. Basically my boss is an ass, knows that it does not fit my schedule but wants me to attend. I know this sounds crazy because I work for an airline but I do not like to fly. I hate turbulence on flights. The jolts are so abrupt that I keep thinking the big hunk of metal will fall right out of the sky. Of course, wouldn't you know it, all night the wind is howling and I knew it was not going to be an easy flight.

As usual, I end up in the middle seat in the last row of an MD80 staring at a bulkhead. I ask the two gentleman if I can squeeze inbetween them. They were engrossed in a conversation and I felt terrible for interrupting. Once I sat down they smiled and I knew just by their smiles they were pretty ok guys. They were heading to a meeting themselves and I guess preparing their game plan. They must have noticed my tense body language because they asked if I was ok. I explained my terror of being thirty two thousand feet in the air in a tiny steel capsule. I also told them that it doesn't help when they cramp everyone together. They looked at each other and had a quirky smile. Said they might be able to take my mind off things. I know my mind always runs in the gutter but were these guys hitting on me? I hardly doubt it. After a small amount of chit chat I discovered their names were Dave and Paul.

Upon take off I was doing my breathing exercises. You know the one, breath in, breath out, breath in, breath out. Don't forget to breath I keep having to tell myself. The pilot came on to make an announcement that due to the wind storm the flight will not be served by the On Board Attendants. Please stay in your seat as this will be a very bumpy ride. As the plane started to climb I must have lost my mind because I went to grab the armrest but instead I grabbed each of the two guy's legs and dug my hands in. They were smiling at me but told me to hold on if I needed. Whatever it took to get me through this terror. I did too! Paul on my right started rubbing my hand as if to tell me everything was going to be ok. I looked up at his face and started smiling as if to say thank you. That's when I noticed the chiseled good looks. Paul was very handsome, probably mid 40's and he smelled really really good! I then looked to the left to check out his buddy Dave. He was in his mid thirties and extremely built nicely trimmed goatee and grey sprinkling in his hair and beard. I'm starting to think these guys were right. They could distract me. I started thinking of ways to possibly start something with these two.

Still keeping my hands on their legs I had a plan. I was actually waiting for the next bought of turbulent. Finally the plane starts bouncing up and down and that was my key. I moved my hands from their thighs to check out their packages. Really, it wasn't that much more over from the thighs, right? Who can blame a girl? I pretended for a few seconds that I didn't' know what I had a hold of. They were both looking at me when I pretended to blush and apologize like I didn't know what I grabbed. Ya, they bought that! They knew I was theirs. Then Paul smiled and again let me know that whatever it took to keep my mind off the airplane ride. He moved my hand off his crotch and put it on my knee, got up out of his seat and removed a couple blankets from the overhead bin. The Flight Attendant seated in her jump seat in the back of the wall behind us told him to sit down immediately. He mentioned that one of us was tired and needed to lay her head down. I smiled knowing exactly what he meant by that! I was starting to get twinges between my thighs and couldn't relieve the itch just by pressing my legs together. I looked at the guy on my left and started smiling. He reached in and gave me the nicest wet kiss. His goatee was tickling my lips and giving me a whole different sensation. As I was getting tongued from Dave, I felt the blankets being placed over our laps. Oh hell was this really happening? I reached to my right and replaced my hand on Paul's growing bulge. Damn I just wanted to rip it out and start sucking on it but I was still very engrossed in Dave's kiss. Paul started caressing my body releasing all the tension I had built up earlier. I was fumbling with his zipper to get a better grasp on his rod. I couldn't wait to feel what another man's cock felt like. Dave had now started caressing the "twins" through my blouse. I could have cared less if my shirt needed ironing after the flight. I was in heaven!

I had to be very agile in the small amount of space given us in the row of seats but I managed to adjust myself in such a way where my skirt had ridden up to my waist and my head was on Paul's lap. My mouth wide open waiting to get his hot cock. Dave had gladly started moving his fingers along my panties. Oh my god I wanted him to put some more pressure on my pussy mound but I couldn't talk with Paul's cock sawing away at my mouth or drawing any attention to myself. I so wanted to cum and I felt that I was just being teased damnit. I had managed to get my hand on Dave's crotch and started rubbing hard trying to give him an idea of the pressure I needed down below. He didn't' get the hint and just kept his strokes small and light. What a tease! I however got the thrill of find out exactly how large Dave was! I could tell it was nothing to balk at! That was enough to get my mind off myself needing to climax and I just had to check out his dick. I released Paul's cock from my mouth and turned over to Dave. I was fumbling with two hands in anticipation of seeing this monster. Finally I managed to adjust his boxers to release a 9" beauty. I hadn't thought about getting caught earlier but I think I gasped out loud when I got a picture of how thick and beautiful this cock was. I t was absolutely perfect! I started rubbing my tongue around the tip before plunging my mouth down on his rod. Of course I couldn't' get it all the way down my mouth and throat so I let some spit slide down his cock so I could rub the rest. I didn't' want him to not get the full treatment! Paul had picked up where Dave left off on my crotch only this time he managed to slip a couple fingers in to my crotch and move my panties off to the side. My underwear must have been sopped at this point. I made a mental note to myself to buy new underwear when we get to Cleveland!

Paul was definitely doing a better job on my pussy. He knew exactly where to finger my clit and when he stuck two fingers into me I climaxed almost immediately. He kept banging me with his two fingers while his thumb was rubbing my erect clit. I was having a hard time concentrating on sucking off Dave with the monster cock. I think just the thought now is making me cream. After I came, Paul just kept keeping a light rhythm with his fingers making sure my cum just kept leaking out. I felt Dave start tensing and his cock started jerking shooting about a gallon of cum down the back of my throat. As soon as I got his prick good and cleaned up and twisted in my seat and started back on Paul's cock. This was the best in-flight snack I'd ever had and I wanted seconds! It didn't' take long to feel Paul tense and unload a load into my waiting mouth. 

It was then that I felt an urgency to hurry up and restore ourselves to somewhat decent passengers. Sure enough it wasn't long when the Pilot made his onboard announcement that we'd passed over the Continental Divide and expected a smooth flight the remainder of our trip. The Flight Attendants would soon be serving beverages.

The remainder of the flight was very pleasant. Nice conversation and I was definitely rid of my anxiety.