 When I arrived home later that night, I found my mom sitting on the sofa with a cup of hot tea, watching some sitcom on television. She smiled when she saw me. "Hi, sweetheart. Did you have a good time at your friend's?"

I'd texted her earlier to let her know I'd be getting home late. Now I couldn't keep the smile from my face. "I had a great time," I replied.

Mom raised her eyebrows. "It sure looks like it! And would this friend happen to be Nathan?"

I'd mentioned Nathan to Mom several times since the college semester had begun, but she didn't know he had a boyfriend. As I sat next to her on the sofa, I knew now was not the time to fill her in on his relationship status. Mom was open-minded, and I felt like she trusted me, but I thought it was asking too much to expect her to understand about Nathan and William. And she would certainly freak out if she knew that I was sexually involved with a man who was a year older than she was.

"I did spend the evening with Nathan," I said slowly, which was the truth—if I didn't take lying by omission into account.

Mom grinned at me. "And when am I going to get to meet him?" 

I held up my hands. "It's way too early for that," I said. 

And it was. Nathan and William had both kissed me goodbye when I left their apartment, and Nathan had even walked me out to my car, his arm around me as he told me what a wonderful time he'd had. But I had no idea if this was a one-time thing, and if it wasn't, I still had to accept the fact that Nathan was in a relationship. 

Which was okay, I told myself, but there was no need to get Mom's hopes up about Nathan when he was in love with someone else.

"But you like him?" Mom persisted, and I found myself wishing I'd told her I was meeting up with a girl friend of mine. 

"He's a great guy," I said, staring at the television so she wouldn't be able to easily read my expression.

"Well, based on what you've told me so far," Mom said, "I already like Nathan a lot better than that other guy you were seeing during the summer."

She was talking about the guy I'd dated just before I had started college, the guy who took my virginity. "Yeah, he was a creep," I muttered, wanting to change the subject. 

I could feel Mom's stare on me, and I finally turned to face her. "I know you're an adult now, Eden," she said, "but I'm always going to worry about you. That's just part of being a mom. I was twenty—just a little older than you are now—when I had you, and while I love you more than anything, I don't want you to make the mistakes I made. I married and got pregnant too young and too fast. And after your father left, it was really hard raising you on my own."

I grabbed her hand and smiled, trying to reassure her. "Mom, I promise I'll be careful," I said.

*

The following day, I sat outside the college library at my usual place and waited for Nathan to appear. Despite the chilly breeze, my palms were sweating from nervousness, and my mouth was dry. I didn't know what to expect when he and I saw each other again. 

I spotted him among a small crowd of students, making his way toward me. When our eyes met, he gave me the warm smile I'd come to adore. "Eden!" he said, and I stood to greet him. I was wearing a soft pink dress and lacy black tights, and I noticed his stare sweep over my body as he approached. I was shocked that the mere sight of him had already made me wet. 

He drew me into a hug, and I wrapped my arms around him as he held me close. "How are you, baby?" he murmured.

"I'm good. And you?" I asked, nestling against his chest.

"Fantastic now," Nathan said, and I grinned. We sat together on the bench, and he turned toward me. His gaze was so intense that I had to look away for a moment. "About last night," he began, taking my hand in his.

Finally I met his stare and gave him a bright smile. "I had a great time last night," I told him, and there was no mistaking the look of relief on his face. 

"I'm so glad," he said, letting out a deep breath. "I was worried you'd regret what we did."

"Not at all," I assured him. "I enjoyed every minute I spent with you and William."

Nathan grinned. "So..." he said, drawing out the word as he gave my hand a squeeze. "Would you be interested in coming over this evening?"

I released a soft moan of longing as I briefly closed my eyes. "God, I wish I could, but I have to work."

Nathan moved closer and brought his lips to my ear. "Until when?"

"Until a little after nine," I replied. I worked at a small gift shop near the college, taking all of the evening and weekend hours I could get. 

Nathan's lips moved to my neck, and as I sat beside him with my legs crossed, I could feel my pulse, a steady throb, in my cunt. My God, I was already so aroused, it wouldn't have taken much to convince me to ditch my next class so he and I could go to his place and fuck. The memory of him taking me last night, of him bringing me to orgasm so easily, made me tremble with need.

"Come over after work," he whispered, his lips against my skin. "William and I can't get enough of you." I bit my lip and actually whimpered. "You could spend the night," he went on.

I slowly grinned, then gave him a kiss, not caring who might see us. "Alright," I said when I pulled away. "I'll come over."

*

I enjoyed my job at the gift shop, but that afternoon and evening, the hours seemed to drag on. During my break at six, I walked up the street to get a sandwich at the deli, and as I sat at a table and ate my dinner, I worked up the nerve to text my mom: Going to Nathan's when I get off work. Might be late coming home, so don't wait up.

Mom's reply came just a minute later: Do you have condoms???

I couldn't help but burst out laughing, which drew stares from several of my fellow diners. Then I texted back: Yes!!!

Mom sent a quick response, telling me to be safe and that she loved me. I knew it had to be difficult for her to accept that I was now an adult and having sex, but she was pragmatic and had always tried to make me feel comfortable talking to her.

And I did feel like I could talk to her—about most things.

After work, I drove through the darkness to the apartment Nathan and William shared. My panties were already wet yet again; in fact, they'd been damp for most of the day, because I couldn't stop thinking about the two men I was about to see.

Once I'd parked my car in front of their building, I got out and looked up at their apartment. Then I took a deep, steadying breath, drawing my coat closer to me as I headed to their door.

Nathan answered soon after I knocked, and before I could even say hi, he pulled me inside and kissed me. His mouth, hot and insistent, was still on mine when he closed the door behind us.

I kicked off my flats and wrapped my arms around his neck, my pulse surging. When I finally pulled away, we were both breathing faster. "That was quite a greeting," I said with a grin.

Nathan was wearing jeans but had taken off his shirt. "I'm so glad you came," he whispered, his hands slipping inside my coat and roaming over my body.

I turned my head and saw William watching us from several feet away, a smile playing on his lips. His crisp white shirt was unbuttoned, and he'd removed the belt from his pants. I wondered if he'd had to work late.

William closed the distance between us, and I stood on my tiptoes to kiss him. "Hi, William," I said softly, and Nathan released me so William could draw me into an embrace. I nestled my face against his bare chest, breathing in the scent of him. 

"It's lovely to see you again, Eden," William said, his voice low and deep. He must have noticed I was trembling, because he asked, "Are you cold, sweetheart?"

I looked up at him and smiled. "No, just excited."

He grinned and began taking off my coat. "Are you hungry? There's leftover takeout—it will only take a minute for me to heat it up for you."

"I had dinner earlier, but thank you."

William draped my coat over the back of a chair, then clasped his hands together. "I think I'll have a glass of wine. Eden, since you're not driving home, would you like one as well?"

I glanced at Nathan, realizing they expected me to stay the night. While I'd told my mom not to wait up, I knew she would anyway, so I was going to have to let her know I wouldn't be home till morning. This was one of the few times when I wished I had my own place.

"Sounds great," I said to William with a bright smile. Once he left the room, I told Nathan that I needed to let my mom know I wouldn't be home tonight. 

"I understand," he said. "I'm gonna go grab a beer."

"No wine for you?" I asked with a raised eyebrow, and Nathan grimaced.

"I don't touch that stuff," he said.

When I was alone in the living room, I hurriedly texted Mom: Spending the night at Nathan's. I'll be home in the morning in time to get ready for class.

I didn't wait for her to respond; instead, I slipped my phone back into my purse.

William and Nathan returned, and I took the glass of red wine that William offered me. After we sat on the sofa, with me between the two of them, I took a sip, careful not to drink too much at once. I didn't know what to expect, since my alcohol intake up to this point in my life consisted solely of a few swigs of beer, but I found that I liked the wine. 

They both turned on the sofa to face me, and I felt suddenly shy being the center of attention. 

"You look gorgeous in that dress," William said, and I smiled before taking another swallow of wine. 

"Thank you. I tend to dress up a bit on the days I have to work," I told him.

"Nathan tells me you work in a gift shop."

"Yeah, and the lady who owns the store is really nice," I replied. "She doesn't mind me studying when I've gotten my other work done and I don't have customers." I tilted my head slightly as I regarded William. "What about you?" I asked, daring to rest a hand on his thigh. "Do you enjoy your job?"

William sipped his wine as he considered my question. "Sometimes," he said, laughing softly. "Sometimes it's a bit more demanding than I'd like."

My face was growing hot, and I wondered if it was because of the wine. Looking down, I realized I'd finished more than half of my glass already. "This is really good," I said to William.

"I'm glad you like it. Nathan has no appreciation for it."

"You got that right," Nathan said, then lifted his beer bottle to his lips. "I don't share your refined tastes."

I took several more sips of wine, then placed my glass on the coffee table so I could lean against Nathan. "I like beer, too," I told him, feeling relaxed. I was thankful that the wine had taken the edge off my nerves. 

Nathan eased me back so that my head was in his lap, and I didn't hesitate before resting my feet on William's thighs. I loved being stretched out between the two of them. Nathan gazed down at me, and I saw the tenderness in his eyes as he stroked my hair.

William finished his wine, then set the empty glass aside and began massaging my feet. I closed my eyes and moaned, "I could get used to this." 

"William, I think you've gotten her a little drunk," Nathan said, and I heard the laughter in his voice.

William ran his hand along my calf, and I could feel the heat of his touch through my tights. "My apologies, Eden," he murmured. "I promise we're not trying to take advantage of you."

I opened my eyes and said in a soft, breathy voice, "Oh, but I want you to take advantage of me."

I took Nathan's beer bottle from him and set it beside the wineglasses. Then I began rubbing his cock through his jeans, making him moan. I stared up at him, reveling in the way he let his arousal slowly take him over. "Take out your cock," I whispered. "I want to touch it."

He hurriedly obeyed, and I moved my head a little, giving him room to unfasten his jeans and withdraw his dick, which was quickly growing hard. I wrapped my fingers around the shaft and began gently stroking as I nuzzled the tip with my lips. "I've been waiting for this all day," I said. "I'm already so wet..."

Nathan whimpered at my touch and my words, and William's hand slid beneath my dress, farther up my leg. "Will you let me see just how wet you are?" he asked me, and I quickly nodded. The wine had lowered my inhibitions, making it easier for me to let them know just what I wanted.

William began tugging down my tights and underwear, and I lifted my legs so he could remove them completely. Nathan and I watched as he brought my panties to his face and covered his nose and mouth with them. He took a deep breath and then moaned. "Fuck, your scent gets me so hard," he said as his hand strayed to his cock. "And I love your bush."

I couldn't hold back a grin upon hearing his words. I'd been a little anxious about my pussy not being shaved, especially when I'd noticed that Nathan shaved his balls. But as far as I could tell, William simply trimmed his pubic hair, so that put my mind at ease. The way William reveled in my body, and the way he so blatantly expressed his lust, made me open my legs for him, eager for his touch. 

He slipped a hand between my thighs, and I released a soft cry. "Oh, your pussy is just dripping," he said, his voice guttural with desire. Then he lifted his glistening fingers to Nathan's lips. "Taste her."

Nathan eagerly sucked and licked William's fingers, moaning with pleasure, and I dared to swirl my tongue over the head of his cock. His erection pulsed in my grasp as I lapped up a drop of pre-cum. 

William played with my pussy, his fingers wet with Nathan's saliva and my juices. My hips began a rhythmic thrusting that might have embarrassed me before, but now, I wanted both men to see just how desperate I was to be fucked.

All three of us were breathing heavily now, and I moaned with my lips around the head of Nathan's cock. Slowly I moved my mouth farther down his shaft, my tongue gliding over his silky flesh. I loved the smell and taste of him, and the whimpering sound he made as he watched me. 

William rubbed my clit with his thumb and then thrust his finger into my pussy. I cried out, but the sound was muffled, since my mouth was full of Nathan's cock. I tried to take in every inch, just as I'd seen William do the night before. I'd gotten only half of Nathan's dick in my mouth when I began gagging and had to pull back.

"I'm not very good at this," I said to Nathan, my voice full of apology even as I moaned at William's touch.

"You're great at it," Nathan assured me with a gentle smile. "Your mouth feels amazing around my cock."

I smiled back, then looked over at William, whose eyes were hot as he watched me and Nathan. "I want you and Nathan to kiss," I said to him. "That turns me on so fucking much!"

Nathan grinned and leaned toward William until their lips met. William's fingers never stopped working between my thighs, and I could smell my sex.

The kiss Nathan and William shared was passionate and full of tongue. I stroked Nathan's cock faster, and my legs began quaking as my orgasm drew near. When William took Nathan's lower lip between his teeth and gave it a gentle nip, I used my free hand to squeeze my right breast, my fingers kneading the flesh through the fabric of my dress.

I was close, so incredibly close to coming, when William withdrew his fingers from my pussy. "Don't stop, please!" I begged.

He broke the kiss with Nathan so he could give me a wicked grin. "Nathan and I want to make you come with our tongues," he said, then looked over at Nathan. "Let's get her out of this dress."

Nathan lifted me in his arms, then stood and set me on my feet as if I weighed next to nothing. William stood, too, and they began stripping me, their hands moving at an urgent pace. I smiled to myself, loving the way they took control. 

When they'd gotten me out of my dress and had taken off my bra, I stood between them, surrendering to their touch as they slid their palms over my skin. 

William eased me back onto the sofa, and then he and Nathan quickly undressed as well. My fingers found their way to my clit as I watched. I could never get enough of seeing William and Nathan naked, it seemed. A shudder of arousal coursed through my body as they stood before me, stroking their cocks.

"You're such a bad girl, already touching yourself," William said, his stare riveted on my spread legs. 

The words tumbled from my lips before I could stop them. "Oh fuck, yes, Daddy, I'm so bad!" As soon as I spoke, I felt my face flush even hotter. It was such an unexpected thing for me to say, and it seemed to emerge from a subconscious desire I didn't even know I had.

"Mmm, I love being Daddy," William said, and Nathan released a loud groan. "Sometimes Nathan needs a daddy, too, and I'm always happy to oblige." William stroked my cheek, then dropped to his knees before me and spread my legs wide so both he and Nathan could kneel between them. I rested my feet on their shoulders and propped myself up on my hands, feeling completely exposed. 

William held my outer lips open, revealing my wet and swollen cunt to them. They eagerly lowered their mouths to my pussy, and the sensation of their hot tongues gliding over my folds made me mewl with pleasure.

"Oh my God, just like that!" I shrieked. They feasted on my pussy, getting their faces wet with my juices. Nathan licked at William's lips, and their mouths met yet again while they ate me out. 

I watched as they both homed in on my tender clit, their tongues coaxing that nub into an even more swollen state. In my wildest fantasies, I'd never imagined something like this. 

When Nathan slipped a finger into my cunt, and William added his own, I had to bite back a scream. Their tongues met as they teased my clit, and then William and Nathan were kissing each other with my cunt right against their mouths. They furiously jerked their cocks, moaning as they tasted me and each other. 

With both of them finger fucking me and lashing my clit with their tongues, I was right on the edge, my entire body shaking from my need to orgasm. "Please!" I begged. I would have let them do anything to me at that point if only they would make me come.

"Come for Daddy," William urged, and those three words brought forth an orgasm that made me violently shudder. I cried out again and again, no longer caring who might hear me, and even after I fell back against the sofa, my hips bucked forward so I could grind my pussy against the mouths of the two men between my thighs. 

When my clit couldn't take any more stimulation, I struggled in their grip, and they finally released me. Even as I lay sprawled before them, flushed and breathing heavily, I wanted more. I wanted them filling my holes. I wanted it rough and hard and fast.

"Get a condom," I gasped. "I need to be fucked."

Nathan was the first on his feet, and as he hurried out of the room, I managed to sit up and wrap my arms around William's neck. "I want you to bend me over the arm of this sofa and fuck me while I take Nathan's cock in my mouth," I whispered.

"Oh Christ, I'm dying to be inside you," William groaned, and then he kissed me hard. I eagerly kissed him back before we both stood.

"Take me," I told him firmly.

When Nathan returned, William led me to the side of the sofa and grasped the back of my neck, bending me over the arm, just as I'd asked him to. I heard Nathan's sharp intake of breath at the sight of me bent over with my legs spread.

"She wants her daddy to take her from behind," William said to Nathan, "and she wants to suck your cock while I'm fucking her."

"My God, Eden," Nathan moaned, and I grinned. 

I heard William opening the condom wrapper, and I watched as Nathan put a bottle of lube and a large towel on the floor near the sofa. I tilted my head back so he could see the need on my face, the longing to have two of my holes filled at the same time.
