 A Private Bedtime Story

"The Best of One Night Stands"

*

Author's Note: This story came to me when I was especially lonely for Jane. We had been apart too long and I needed a "pick me up" sort of a lift. So, as is often the case, to overcome my melancholy I began to fantasize sexually about her. I came up with this story and masturbated gloriously after writing it. Heightening my orgasm was a line up in front of me of her nude photos in the various poses that excite me so. 

When Jane read it, she told me it aroused her too. And that is because this time I wrote about sexual acts that turn on a woman. 

Act One

"I love that we were able to get together once again for a few days vacation at Bob and Corbin's rental house," said Jane, a very attractive and smartly dressed woman from Atlanta. She was having dinner with three good-looking men at Spencer's, an elegant restaurant in Palm Springs. One was her lover, Erick, and the other two were gay friends from Phoenix. It had been a beautiful first evening of food and drink and conversation. The second wine bottle was empty and they were waiting for the check before going to nearby Melvyn's for dancing and a night cap.

While waiting, Erick turned to Felix and said, "I have known you two guys through Jane for four or five years and Jane has known you much longer. She adores you both and I know the feeling is mutual. I feel we are now friends enough to be candid and so I would like to ask you a question that has been on my mind for some time. It is highly personal and you may not wish to answer me. Will you allow me to ask?" Felix looked at Erick and said, "Of course." Before he spoke, Erick thought, "I hope this is okay with Jane." Looking at both Felix and his partner Mark he said, "I have seen enough pornographic material to know the ways that gay men sexually satisfy each other, but I am curious how you two typically make love. Would you in the next day or so describe for Jane and me your typical and specific ways?

Felix thought, "Wow, this guy wants to know a lot, but why not?" Turning to Mark, he asked, "Should we tell him?" Mark, the more outgoing of the two thought, "I'd love to fuck Felix in front of Jane." So he answered, "That would be okay with me. But, I want to go one step further. When we get back to the house, how about we act out what we usually do in front of them by the pool?" Felix replied, "I like it! I am feeling no pain from our drinking tonight, and I love and trust Jane and Erick. I only hope we can perform since we have not done this before in front of a straight couple." Felix added with a slight smile, "After we finish, I hope they are willing to do the same for us." 

That startled Jane and she thought, "I am not going that route." So she told the three men, "That will not happen. What Erick and I have in the sex department is for us alone." 

Felix, undaunted by her reaction, turned to Erick and asked, "Would you consider making love to Jane in front of us?" With two scotches and probably a half a bottle of Pinot Noir under his belt, he answered, "Perhaps." Jane punched him in the shoulder and said, "No way!" 

The bill was paid and they all went off to Melvyn's. The room was crowded and the dance floor packed. They sidled up to the long bar and ordered drinks from the friendly bartender. The boys had some strange concoctions and Jane and Erick had their usual nightcaps: vodka on the rocks with a splash of soda for her and a scotch mist for him. They quickly drank up and reordered. While waiting for the second round Jane pulled Erick onto to the small dance floor at the rear of the room. 

She, as usual, looked elegant; a standout in this place and everywhere else. This night Jane wore a short-sleeved black cotton sweater, a pleated linen black skirt, and black heels. Her jewelry and pearls completed the public picture. Erick knew that she only had on stay-up stockings underneath -- no bra and no panties. That is because it is the only way he wants her to dress whenever they go out to a party or dinner. She is petite with firm and nicely proportioned "C" cup breasts, narrow hips, and shapely legs. Erick could see that the last drink at the bar was having a slight effect on Jane. She took to the floor as he watched. She was more animated than usual with her lovely derriere slowly gyrating and her raised arms moving to the tempo of the live music. Erick watched her sweater tug at her slightly swaying breasts as she moved about. People at the tables were smiling at her beauty and obvious enjoyment. 

When she finally went into Erick's arms to dance together, Jane chided him, saying, "I am astonished that Felix and Mark want us to make love in front of them tonight, and that you seem to think that it would be okay." Erick replied, "Honey, I know I brought up the subject, but never did I think they would be so bold. But I cannot blame them. They are gay men who are obsessed with sex in almost any form. I was so surprised by the suggestion of Mark and Felix that I guess you could say I equivocated with a 'perhaps' when Felix asked if we would fuck in front of them. 

"It is not like such conversations with them have not come up previously. You told me that Mark revealed to you on a number of occasions some particulars of his somewhat promiscuous love life. Furthermore, you told me Mark and the two gay owners of this house we are renting were nude around the pool when you were last a guest here. You have even held Mark's cock. And he has told you a couple of times over the years that he is curious about how you look naked and has even made an oblique reference to a desire to lay in bed with you. And now Felix is asking for something similar. Among other motivations, I think that they want to see for themselves your feminine beauty -- and maybe my cock. Perhaps they have never before seen a nude and beautifully proportioned woman like you. Deep down I am sure they are not hot to fuck you. On the contrary, I believe the two of them see this as an opportunity to be titillated in the extreme apart from the gay life. The idea of two straight people fucking in front of them, especially watching the woman they truly love in heat, excites them immensely. It would for me if I was gay and in their shoes. Finally, I think we would both like to see them make love. It is not too high a price to reciprocate just once in return for seeing them fuck in real time and in the flesh, particularly when it would be done in such ideal circumstances."

Jane didn't say anything, but Erick could see she was thinking as the music ended and they returned to the boys at the bar. They noticed that Mark's hands were all over Felix's lap as they sat in the semi-darkness and both bulged in their crotch. When the four of them finished their second drink they paid the bill and left for their gorgeous rental house -- all of them a little tipsy. 

Act Two

"It is too early to go to bed," Mark said when they arrived home. All agreed a swim was a good idea. Erick convinced everyone that one more drink would also cap the night off perfectly. So bathing suits were donned and drinks were made and sipped as they waded in the shallow part of the pool. It was a beautiful night at 12:30 AM. Soon Mark got out and went to the lounge chairs. He returned with two long cushions, laying them next to each other at the edge of the pool. He told Erick and Jane that he and Felix were going to go ahead with what they said they would do in front of us and hoped that we would acquiesce and agree to perform in kind. Erick turned to Jane with a question mark on his face. She returned the gaze in silence, but did not say she would not.

Mark took off his bathing suit and against the accent lights around the lighted pool his average size manhood clearly showed hanging between his legs. Jane enjoyed the look of his cock. She'd seen it both flaccid and erect in the past and the view was pleasant. Probably three inches of cock were now waiting and wanting to grow. Felix got out of the pool and took off his bathing suit, turning to present himself in all his nakedness to Jane and Erick. Jane admired his manhood too. "Both have such beautiful circumcised cocks," she thought. "The unclothed boys could have been twins in shape and size." Jane sighed audibly at the splendid look of their exercised bodies. 

Mark reached for a large towel and began to dry off Felix. When he got to his genitals he dried them so briskly that Felix's cock rose in arousal. Dropping the towel, Mark took him in his arms, pressed his own cock against Felix's and then they kissed. Felix thought, "This is really turning me on! I like doing this in front of these two people. I hope Jane is enjoying herself." He turned and saw her and Erick hanging onto the side and intently staring at him and Mark. Jane was thinking, "How stimulating to see their nicely formed cocks and cute balls in silhouette brushing up against each other. Oh, how I love sex in any form!" 

She did not have to tell Erick that. He learned a long time ago that his woman is a rare female. She looks and talks like a cultured lady. But, in the bedroom, so to speak, she thinks and acts like a young male stud. 

Mark and Felix laid down on their backs atop the cushions, with Felix closest to the pool edge. As he turned away to stroke Mark's cock, his ass was only inches away from Jane's face, so she impetuously reached out and caressed it. He wiggled so that both cheeks became available to her touch. Stretching her arms she separated his cheeks, revealing his puckered back hole and the backside of his male sac to her for the very first time. She motioned to Erick to help her. She intended to work these erogenous zones and needed him to spread those cheeks. Once he did, Jane wet her right index finger and moved it in and out of his hole. It was as tight as Erick's. Her left hand gently massaged his sac. 

Eventually, Erick realized his help was no longer necessary so he moved away to go behind Jane. As he did, he slipped off his bathing trunks and placed them on the pool deck. He pressed his nakedness against her. Pulling down the top of her one piece bathing suit, he began to caress her full breasts. They were perfectly proportioned, firm and just the right weight, according to Erick, with light areolas and small pink nipples. Jane pushed her ass up against Erick's thickening cock, all the time continuing to entertain the anus and balls of Felix. In her growing excitement she even tried to get close enough to tongue them, but she wasn't willing to lose Erick's fondling of her breasts or the feel of his cock. That dilemma did not last long. The boys changed positions. 

Going to his knees, Mark straddled Felix and moved to hover over his face. Felix, now on his back, reached up with his hands and pulled Mark's hardened love tube into his waiting and eager mouth. Felix thought, "How I love doing this! For ten years the sensation of having this man's cock in my mouth never fails to thrill me." Mark's cock began to stiffen further from the sucking, filling Felix's mouth. Pulling back, Felix's lips moved to the sculptured head. Swirling his tongue around it and feeling for the slit at the top, he reached out and stroked the rest of Mark's shaft. "This is heaven for me," thought Felix.

Mark let out a small moan and muttered "Yes, that's it, love my cock." Taking Mark's shaft out of his mouth, Felix grasped it with both hands. He kissed the tip right at the slit that would soon burst forth with his sperm. Sperm that he had swallowed so many times; sperm that had dropped on most every part of his body; sperm that had gone into his ass hole time and again, and sperm that had shot out and fallen on the ground, a floor, a rug, a bed sheet, a third lover, or a car seat. 

Stroking back and forth, Felix realized that Mark's cock was coated with saliva from his sucking. He said, "Mark, how exciting you look!" Erick and Jane were thinking they both looked that way. Jane began rubbing her crotch without realizing what she was doing. Erick stopped her. He spread her legs with his knees and then reached down under the front of her bathing suit and fingered her cunt. She audibly sighed with pleasure. 

At this same time, they watched Felix push Mark's stiff cock back against Mark's stomach. Pulling him closer and starting with his balls, Felix's tongue traveled the length of the shaft until he was flicking the tip of his tongue against the underside of the flared head. He thought, "I am hot! This has got to be satisfying Erick's curiosity and pleasing Jane." 

Felix's ministrations caused Mark's entire body to suddenly flinch. Leaving his shaft, Felix took Mark's ball sac into his mouth. He suckled gently, rolling each of the balls in turn around his lips and moving tongue. "That is so right for me, keep sucking my balls," Mark gasped! But Felix could not hold back his desire to lick and kiss and suck his lover's cock. He released the sac and, taking a deep breath, Felix pulled Mark's cock into His mouth and five inches of him entered with ease. The head of Mark's cock pressed against the back of Felix's throat. Both groaned with pleasure. Jane and Erick heard Mark say, "Grab my balls again and suck my cock faster so that I can cum, for God's sake! 

Felix cupped Mark's sac in his hands and began to suck eagerly as Mark pressed his throbbing cock into him. Felix felt the pubic hairs of Mark against his nose. "Marvelous," he thought. 

Jane and Erick were now really into this scene as they watched Mark place his hands on either side of the head of the man loving his cock and male sac, creating a rhythm between the two men. Then it happened! Mark's sperm began its swift journey. Mark yelled, "I am cuming darling!"

Felix grabbed his cock and felt the first surge of cum through his fingers as it neared the very tip. He withdrew Mark's cock to a point a quarter inch away from his mouth. He wanted Erick and Jane to see the creamy stuff in flight. His frenzied hands stroked Mark's shaft. Out came the first load and then another. Shot after shot spewed from Mark's manhood into Felix's mouth. Jane and Erick looked in awe as some seven or eight loads of sperm blasted out. So much so that Felix began to choke on the sheer volume. 

Finally the magical apex of sexual pleasure ended for Mark. A few small drops dribbled out of his shrinking cock. Felix squeezed it from the base to the head pushing out the remaining sperm. Catching it with his fingers, he opened his mouth and licked the fluid from his fingers and onto his waiting tongue. Then Felix swallowed all of Mark's seed in one large gulp.

Mark rolled off Felix over onto his back, his spent cock flopping on his groin as he did. Only this time he moved to be at the edge of the pool where Jane was standing in water up to her shoulders. Mark noticed her bare breasts; they were just below the water line. He reached down with both hands and caressed them. He said, "How beautiful your breasts look and feel. Up to now I have only seen your cleavage. I have wanted for the longest time to see them completely and to touch them." Jane answered, "Thank you, not only for the compliment, but also for showing us how the two of you actually make love. I know Erick agrees because I feel his hard-on, and it is not just from feeling me. This performance has been one big turn-on for us! Is it over or are you and Felix going to do some more things tonight?" 

Felix said, "It is not over." Stroking Mark's love-soaked cock, he added, "Watch as I do him." As if on cue, Mark handed him a bag that had been placed along side of the cushions. Felix took from it a tube of K-Y jelly and squeezed an ample amount onto one of his fingers. He told Mark to turn over and push up his ass. He asked Jane to spread his cheeks. Gently, but firmly, he rimmed the edge of Mark's anus, coating the insides up to the length of his middle finger. He took his finger out and then oiled another and jammed both back in. Mark grunted with pleasure as Erick and Jane looked on - all the while Jane's hands kept Mark's cheeks apart, bringing her face almost to the object of Felix's attention. 

After some minutes passed, Felix stopped and told Mark to move across the cushion pads on his elbows and knees so that his ass faced the pool. Now, Jane and Erick could easily see Mark's lubricated hole, his hanging balls and cock between his legs. 

Motioning for Jane to get out of the pool, Felix asked her to kneel next to them so that she could help push his cock into Mark. Jane, half naked, breasts hanging down from her chest, took hold of Felix's cock and began to push. She guided it in about two inches and stopped to allow Mark to get used to the penetration. Mark exclaimed, "Jane, look, look! This is what Felix does so beautifully to me. Watch it go in all the way and then watch it go in and out!" 

Feeling the muscles of Mark's tight ass relax to get ready for more, Felix, with Jane's help, pushed in further. He thought, "I have never understood how anyone could prefer a woman's vagina over a man's anus. The two times I have 'done' a woman, it never compared. Nothing grips a man's cock as completely as a tight male asshole." If Erick could have heard him, he would have absolutely disagreed. 

Jane could not resist. She moved her hand from Felix's cock and reached under to take hold of his male sac. She fondled it as he worked himself deeper into Mark. He loved this unfamiliar but pleasant feeling of a female's touch as his cock squeezed further into Mark's tight tunnel. Jane thought to herself, "I cannot believe what I am doing, but I love it!" With one last shove, all five inches of Felix's stiffened manhood buried itself in his lover. He thought, "Mark is always so deliciously tight and my balls are getting a bonus play." However, his bonus was short lived; Jane slipped back into the water to feel her man once again. 

Felix's manhood felt the circular wall of Mark's back hole. At the receiving end, Mark loved the fullness he felt with Felix's cock in him. As usual, the pressure was intense. His tunnel of love was screaming for relief and satisfaction. Felix's cock was moving against his prostate where sperm is manufactured and so he felt waves of ecstasy. 

Both men were groaning with pleasure. Suddenly, Felix pulled out, paused, and then plunged his cock back into Mark with tremendous force and passion. It caused Mark to let out one large mixed scream of delight and pain. Felix was pounding him furiously. They were now at the height of their sexual energy, experiencing tightness, pain, and delight. "The agony and the ecstasy of it all," thought Jane.

Felix swiftly turned Mark onto his side without withdrawing his cock. It allowed Erick and Jane to see a different angle. At no point did his cock leave its home. Now face to face, with Mark's legs high in the air, Felix resumed thrusting. He wanted them to have a side view of one man fucking another and, at the same time, be able to see Mark's unattended and re-aroused cock waiting in the wings. Meanwhile, Mark knew from past experience that Felix's thick cream was ready to shoot deep into his bowels. "Can you see where I am fucking you?" Felix yelled. Mark did not answer; his eyes were glazed over with the intense pleasure that Felix's meat of love was once again giving his now widened back tunnel. His mind was too focused on his feelings. Both Jane and Erick could smell the powerful and pleasant musk coming from their passions. 

Felix felt his balls contract and the marvelous familiar tingling sensation moving up the length of his cock. He loved these moments! And then it happened! Grunting, he shot sperm loads deep into Mark. After what must have been maybe a half dozen spasms of his body, Felix ended his avalanche of passion juice. A bunch of sperm now laid in Mark's asshole. Withdrawing, he looked down at Mark with complete sexual satisfaction. Getting off him, Felix teasingly ran his fingers along the length of Mark's stand-by twitching and trigger-happy cock. 
