 There, everything is ready and as the doorbell rings, I finished just in time. I open the door to find my sexy woman leaning against the frame, looking very sensuous.

"How can I help you?" I ask coyly, playing along with her.

She laid her hand upon my chest pushing me back into the house firmly though not too hard.

"I can think of many ways you can help me, Mister. The first entails taking that sexy body and holding it against me." she said in her most sultry voice.

How could I not comply with such a wonderful offer? I immediately pulled her close as she kicked the door closed with a thump. Our lips meshed perfectly. She was so hot today, her tongue delved deeply into my mouth. I felt myself getting hard just from her kiss and the wonderful feeling of her body pressing and moving against mine. I felt the world constricting down to the wonderful feelings and emotions passing between us. The way I feel when I'm in her arms is indescribable and I know it is the same for her.

Just before I totally lost focus, I remembered the entire plan for our day. I slowly walked backwards, never losing the kiss, never letting go of her body. I saw her eyes open in surprise and questioning when she felt us turn toward the kitchen rather than just to the couch. I pressed my tongue against hers and pulled her pelvis hard against mine and her eyes fluttered closed in acceptance of my lead. Finally, after a very slow walk with only a couple of bumps and giggles, I had her positioned exactly as I wanted her to be. I pulled back for air just as I felt her legs contact the kitchen table. Again, her eyes opened in wonderment. My eyes bored into hers as I slowly sank to the floor at her feet, my head tilting up maintaining eye contact. Then, I pressed my face into the soft fabric of her skirt, just barely covering her mons.

"Oh, yessss, please..." she moaned in response to my face pressing into her crotch.

I quested with my hands, quickly found and immediately secured both ankles into the pre-positioned ankle cuffs I had tied to the table legs. Her eyes flew open for the third time and her mouth opened to speak. Before she had I chance I put my hand over her mouth to silence her. I then started opening her shirt, exposing her lacy purple bra. I love this set, it goes so well with her complexion. Her moan of approval let me know she was enjoying herself, and she still didn't have any idea what was in store for her. I then unfastened her skimpy sexy skirt and rather than pushing it downward I pulled it up over her head. I was a bit more difficult; however, I did not want to free her ankles. I stepped back from her and admired her gorgeous body, scantily clad in her lacy purple bra and thong. Her legs were beautifully capped with the padded ankle cuffs and her tall spike heels. Just the view of her made my heart pound. However, it wasn't time for my satisfaction...not yet.

I moved back into her body, taking her in my arms and pushing her down onto the table. I moved a small pillow under her head at the opposite edge, and then moved her around a bit so that her head was at one edge of the table and her knees at the other. She started to sit back up and I firmly pushed her back down. I grabbed the strap I had affixed to the other two legs and tied her torso down leaving her arms free. I stood back up admiring my handy work.

"Dear, as you may recall, you lost the last bet and I have chosen today to collect." I started.

We have developed a game between us, where we bet on things, with the wager being a "day" of servitude by the loser to the winner. The winner gets to decide the date and all details of repayment. We have both become quite imaginative in this game. I knew just telling her of the game like this would put her in the right frame of mind.

"Today I have a few friends coming over to watch the game. You will stay here until I decide how you will best serve." I said with a bit of a wicked smile.

"How best can I serve you, Master? You can free me, I will be good, I promise." she replied immediately falling into role.

"Not yet, you have to wait. Perhaps if you behave well, you will be freed. Until I'm ready though, you will stay right here." I said sternly.

I watched her nipples harden as she settled into her captive role. Her luscious body started to draw me back in and my hand, of its own volition, traveled to her pussy to see how much she was enjoying this first stage of the game. Her heat and moistness was the perfect thermometer of her temperament. As I felt myself responding to her soft moans of pleasure, the doorbell jarred me back to reality.

"Behave, not a sound from you, or you will regret it!" I commanded as I closed the kitchen door to get the front door.

I saw through the window adjoining the door the first two had arrived. I was terrifically nervous with what I had planned. I thought again of the friends I had invited, and assured myself that all would go just perfectly. I looked around at the food and drink I had out, everything was set, so I opened the door...let the party begin. I showed my pals the beer, soda, water and array of munchies I had set out. And then the other three arrived so we were in full swing. A few minutes later the pre-game chatter consumed everyone's attention, then the game came on. 

I found my mind wandering back to a particularly exquisite sight that had nothing at all to do with the game. It was the sight of my beautiful friend tied down to my kitchen table. I was so wrapped up in my inner vision that I missed the first score until my friends yelling jarred me back to reality. I noticed the chips where getting low. I thought I had put out enough to last at least the first half. I mumbled that I'd be right back, and I made my way back into the kitchen. I barely opened the door, making it look like I was glued to the game; however, in reality I could barely suppress my desire to continue my tease.

"You are being very good, very quiet. Perhaps things will go well for you later." I whispered into her ear.

I then covered her lips with mine enjoying the supple feeling of our lips together. Our tongues snaked together though out now open mouths, desire obvious, hunger just being teased by the sensuous kiss. My hand slid over her warm skin, from her shoulder, down over her breast, across her luscious stomach, down until my hand rested on her mons, with my finger pressing the thin purple fabric into her clit and damp pussy. I enjoyed her moan into my mouth as my tease heightened her pleasure. Her arms encased me, pulling me closer, tighter, in response to her expanding desire.

I, however, knew I had to get back to the game, or my friends would come looking for me and the chips. I definitely didn't want that to happen. I reluctantly pulled away from her grasping hands, her questing lips, her melting pussy. Very very reluctantly I pulled away.

I grabbed the chips, motioned with my hand for her to remain silent, and I went back to fill the chip bowl and watch the game. Luckily no one noticed how long it took me to get back. I never really got back into the game. All I could think about was the feel of her lips and tongue against mine, the feel of her skin as my hand slid over her, and the wonderful wetness seeping through her thong. I knew how much she enjoyed being bound and teased. Often times we get more animated than this. And that was exactly my plan. I want her to need my touch so very much that a breath of air would just about set her off.

The first quarter was over, our team was ahead, though just barely, and everything was right with the world. I came up with another excuse to go into the kitchen, as everyone else was discussing the strengths and weaknesses of both our team and the opponent. I threw in a few thoughts, just to show some interest, then popped back into the kitchen.

Her face was riveted on the door as I came through. She did very good in being quiet. I was very impressed, she usually can't hold out so very long. I think the crowd in the next room helped her keep quiet. Her eyes followed me as I traversed the kitchen, letting my hand slide along her outstretched body. Enjoying the feel of her, enjoying more the way she tried to grab me to increase the contact. I pointedly looked at her pussy, noticing how wet she was.

"Mmmmm, my kitten how wet you are. What could you be thinking about as you lay her all alone? Are you getting hungry? Maybe I'll feed you something on my next visit, if you continue to be so very good." I purred into her ear.

Then I went back out. The quarter had started and we were backed up practically against the goal, 4th and very long. Oh well, all I cared about was the lovely wet woman in the kitchen. It was getting harder and harder to sit still, to even see the game. I found myself not even hearing my buddies around me I was becoming so distracted. A few minutes later, I had come up with yet another excuse for escaping into the kitchen.

The look in her eyes was fabulous. She looked like the cat that got the milk as she saw me come back in so soon. She knew my desire matched hers and she hoped I was about to give her a snack. I didn't want to disappoint her, so I quickly unzipped my pants and went over to her head as I pulled myself out. She practically went cross-eyed watching my crown moving toward her ruby lips. Her tongue snaked out to shorten the trip. I was moving too slowly for her, because her arms shot around my waist and pulled me close, engulfing my cock-head in one quick movement. She moaned in delight, knowing that would enhance the feeling for me a thousand fold. I couldn't stay, no matter how much I wanted to. I quickly pulled against her arms and the suction of her mouth and I literally popped out of her mouth. She almost cried out as I moved away. A stern look stopped her voice.

"Soon my kitten, you will be purring like never before. Just continue to be good and you will not believe the wonderful reward I have for you. The game is almost half over. Not too very much longer." I whispered to from just out of arms reach. 

I quickly forced my hard cock back into my pants, hooked the head behind my belt to lessen my obvious arousal, and went back in to watch the game. This time I had not been discrete enough. They were looking at me and John started the jeering. Then as good friend always do, they all started in. I checked out the game clock and found that I had been gone for much longer than I had thought. I sat down amid all the heckling and took it. I found I had to placate them or they'd all go rushing into the kitchen to see why I kept sneaking off.

"Dudes, I have something special for all of you...just be patient." I told them in quiet tones. 

That and a great pass and long run turned their attention back to the game. My mind was wandering back into the kitchen again and it was decidedly difficult to sit down. I endured though, and soon enough the half was over. As the teams were exiting the field I stood up and went over to the kitchen door. 

I opened it enough so I could see her face, looking intently at me, as I said "I have prepared a very special dessert for all of us, kind of as a half time feeding frenzy. Who's hungry?"

They all roared their approval, as they know I'm a great cook. I, however, was looking for her reaction and it was priceless. The look on her face was such a wonderful mix of emotions. I pulled the door wide as the gang came forward.

I had chosen very carefully the group I had invited today. They are all married or engaged, all wild open minded men I've known long enough to try this. They have all met Deanna and had separately told me how lucky I was to be with such a beautiful woman. And most importantly, Deanna had told me that she lusted after them as well. For a previous wager, we had invited a third into our love play that she had picked up when we went dancing. It was a fabulously interesting night. Afterward, we were talking about how it went and she confessed to desiring to be ravished by a whole crowd of men. Thus, the event for today. That was months ago, and I expect that because I never brought the subject back up she thought it a dead issue. She was soooo wrong.

I watched her body become intensely hot and the guys reactions to her splayed out very carefully as they filed through the door. George was the first through and he looked like someone had hit him on the head with a board, so complete was his shock. Fred was the first to react positively. His eyes lit up and mouth dropped open in obvious desire. Pete paused for a moment, looked at me for conformation that this was real. He obviously got whatever he needed when our eyes met, because he then went right over to Deanna and started kissing her. Tom came through and seeing Pete moving toward beautiful Deanna, followed close on his heels to stake out his piece of this dessert. Lastly was the gentle giant Bill. He came through, laughed out loud as he spied Deanna tied down to the table over Tom's head, slapped me on the back and also went directly over to Deanna.

I noticed that George was still standing aside so I went over to him. 

I explained to all of them that "This was a long time fantasy of Deanna's that I wanted to fulfill for her. Anything that goes on here today will not be discussed with anyone outside of this group! And any further liaison with Deanna will only be done through me, as long as she and I are a couple, which as we are engaged, I expect to be for a very long time. Do you all agree? And if any of you are not comfortable, feel free to either, go back and watch the half-time show, or leave, as long as you promise to keep the trust."

They all agreed, and now that George found out that while Deanna was tied up, it is of her own desire, he seemed to relax and started to become quite aroused at the scene in front of him.

I went over to Deanna, interrupting Pete for a minute. 

"Deanna dear, you may now speak or moan, or cry out as you desire." I said.

"Mmmmm, thank you very much, Sir. Now where were we?" Deanna replied with hungry look in her eye.

That one phrase started an incredible feeding frenzy. Everyone seemed to divide up the prostrate Deanna and started licking/eating her at once. Pete went back to her luscious lips and tongue. Fred staked out her other end by nestling himself between her legs. I watched him slide his tongue along the thin very wet fabric covering her ultimate prize then push the fabric aside and get down to business of seriously satisfying his hunger on her pussy and clit. Tom and Bill took a breast apiece and started each providing their own service. After about 30 seconds, Deanna screamed out in reaction to the total body intimacy going on. Never have I seen her so totally aroused. If she wasn't tied to the table she would have hit the floor due to the incredible writhing. 

Pete came up for air and I noticed his lip was bleeding. Deanna had obviously bit him. He wasn't deterred in any way. As a matter of fact, I saw he was about to take his own pleasure to the next level. Deanna's eyes were alternatively clamping shut as she neared another orgasm in an express train of sequential orgasms and flying open to decide what she wanted next. She noticed Pete unbuckling his belt and she reached over to help him open his pants. She was so very hungry. In mere moments she was licking his hardening cock and sucking it into her mouth.

Her hands then took on a life of their own, questing after the two men suckling at her breasts. Her hands started caressing and teasing their crotches with the obvious intent of having two hands full of meat to compliment her mouthful. Her attention was soon rewarded as both men were unable to withstand her repeated caresses and attempts to pull their pants off without care about fasteners.

I looked over at George. He still had a stunned look on his face, however, it was accompanied by the most intense desire I've ever seen. His cock was obviously straining for attention. It was at that moment that I realized as old as George was, I don't think he's ever had anyone give him head. He was completely fixated on Deanna's mouth stroking Pete's cock, in a way that displayed intense desire to have the same done to him. He pulled out his thick very hard meat and slid it against Deanna's shoulder as if he was in a trance. When Deanna noticed his cock next to her head she added a squeal of delight to all the other vocalizations she was making. She moved Pete's purpling head out of her mouth and engulfed George's. Then she sucked most of it deeply into her mouth. After a couple of pumps, she went back to Pete's. 

I was amazed at all that was going on. I myself was rock hard, and was not going to jump into the midst of this, at least not right now. I surveyed the scene and noticed that Fred had had enough of eating my beautiful woman, and was ready to see if he can fill her up. In one smooth movement his pants were at his feet and his head pushing her drenched labia apart. 

Deanna let out a totally animalistic scream of orgasm as Fred pressed into her. I noticed cum flooding from around his cock and knew that she had just had one of her impressive explosive orgasms. Fred didn't know what hit him, and to his surprise was cumming himself. I've experienced this with Deanna, and know that the combination of her clenching pussy muscles and ejaculate would make a professional cum instantly. He seemed disappointed that he was done so fast. I went over and suggested that he move somewhere else and give someone else a chance. He decided that since she drained him so quickly and drenched him so completely he'd give her a chance to clean him up. Surprisingly, he chose George to take his place. George declined, saying he could stay right where he was until he died of old age. This was the most fantastic experience of his life. Pete, however, quickly jumped at the opportunity presented, and with a jeer at Fred's in ability to control himself, stationed himself between Deanna's taught legs.

It was fun to watch Deanna react to Fred's pussy tasting cock. I also know how much she loves to taste herself, and other woman's cum, when it's coating a cock, hard or soft. She had enough presence of mind to not become fixated on Fred and forget George. She kept going back and forth between the two cocks, one soft and glistening with her cum and one hard glistening with his pre-cum and her saliva.

My eyes finally made their way to the two in the middle. I watched her hands spasmodically stroking and pulling at the two hard cocks she entrapped tightly. They were both attacking her nipples and breasts in different manners, one with bites and pulls with his teeth and the other softly with his lips and tongue. I expected the diversity was the reason she ejaculated so quickly and completely. 

My eyes were diverted by another blood curdling scream, and a soft oath of frustration. Deanna had defeated a second "cummer." I think Pete may have had about two full strokes before Deanna climaxed and dragged him over with her. 

Pete chuckled and said as a good sport, "Next victim!"

Through her orgasmic fog Deanna heard Pete and I think she tried to chuckle but was overwhelmed by the cocks in her mouth. The next event was George. He was obviously approaching his own orgasm and wanted Deanna's undivided attention at least for a minute or so. His comment to her got it!

"Oh, my God, this is my first oral orgasm; please keep it up, just like that." George moaned.

Deanna squealed in delight as she realized what this was for George, and with a quick comment to Fred, she concentrated on George. She wanted to milk him completely so again she sucked him deeply into her mouth. He started rocking into her, and her moans encouraged more. He moaned how he was almost there. Suddenly, he went stiff as a board from head to foot and then with a spasm that wracked his whole body he came. She was laughing in delight as she swallowed as quickly as possible. It wasn't quite fast enough as cum oozed from the corners of her mouth. She never released him, milking him with her very talented tongue, lips and mouth. In the end, George went all over limp. I quickly helped him to a chair before he hit the floor. The look of complete happiness George had on his face was mirrored by Deanna as she licked the final drips back into her mouth. 
