 I was relieved when the flight attendants finally opened the doors, allowing the passengers to disembark from the plane. The flight itself hadn't been too bad, but I was tired of sitting in one spot for so long and the prospect of being able to stretch my legs had me antsy. Grabbing my backpack from the overhead bin, I began shuffling forward. 

As I approached the door, I passed by the first class flight attendant whose ass I'd been checking out the entire flight. From my seat in coach I'd nibbled on pretzels and watched as she bent over repeatedly to hand passengers orange juice or more giant chocolate chip cookies. My blood had been boiling even before I got on the plane with the thought that I'd be seeing Eve once more. A whole summer of horniness had built up just below the surface, and up until the flight attendant's booty caught my eye, I'd been doing alright. Now I was barely managing to hold myself together. Up close the flight attendant's face was less attractive than she'd initially seemed, and the thought was both a disappointment and a relief.

Stepping off the plane into the cooled air of the gate, I started making my way towards the baggage claim. I was pretty sure Eve would be waiting there for me, and I was a little nervous since it had been over two months since I'd last seen her. The phone sex we'd had over the summer had helped keep memories of our past sexual escapades fresh in my mind, as well as providing me with plenty of material for my masturbatory fantasies, but her image had started to grow fuzzy in my mind as the weeks passed.

I didn't see her immediately, so I put my carry-on down near the carousel and, noticing that my shoe was untied, bent down to tie my laces. As I pulled the loop tight I caught a whiff of familiar perfume. It's amazing how distinct she smells; I can always tell it's her at the door before I open it because of that fragrance. Looking up I was greeted by an eye full of legs covered in sheer black stockings that disappeared under the edges of a short beige skirt. Above the skirt was a white button-down dress shirt, and above that a large smile.

"Hey!' she said, "glad to see you made it alright."

"Damn, you're looking good Eve, I like the outfit you've got going."

"Glad you like it, I wore it especially for you," she said. Looking up I noticed she had her dark-brown hair in two pony-tails, a hairstyle she likes to use when she wants to evoke the school girl look. A little smile played around the corners of my mouth before stepping in to kiss her. As my arms slid around her waist, I felt her hands grip the sides of my shirt so she could pull me closer. 

Her lips tasted sweet, like she'd just gotten done eating a peach, and I paused for a moment enjoying the flavor before sliding my tongue into her mouth. Once inside her mouth, my tongue connected with hers as it snaked out to meet me. The way our tongues slid around against each other reminded me of middle school truth or dare sessions. But this wasn't some barely pubescent girl I was kissing, as I had back in middle school. She was a woman, and I let me hands travel down her body to take in its shape. My hands ran down her sides, over the swell of her hips, and around and down to cup her ass. I gave it a squeeze and noticed it was firmer than it had been when I left.

"Yeah, all the running and biking this summer paid off," she said, breaking the kiss.

"Sure has, I wish my own exercising this summer had done the same."

"Wait, no washboard abs?" Her eyes twinkled mischievously.

"Oh I've got a full on 12 pack going girl . . . it's right under that protective layer of fat around my middle." Her smile cracked into giggles and she jerked me forward by the sides of my shirt, bringing her mouth back to mine in a more passionate kiss. I had to work my jaw furiously in order not to be swallowed up by her mouth. I squeezed her booty a few times more, enjoying the way it felt in my palms. I was surprised when I suddenly felt her palm pinch my own ass.

"Oww! girl, calm yourself down, don't make a scene."

"Oh, so you can grab my ass in public but I'm not allowed to grab your? My body's not a toy you know."

"Wait, it's not?"

"Anyways," she said, letting me go and giving me a light slap on the arm. "I'm gonna run to the bathroom while you wait for you bags to come out."

"Hope they didn't get lost in O'Hare again," I said.

Smiling over her shoulder at me, she walked out of the baggage claim and deeper into the airport. As soon as her head was turned, I found myself staring at her ass as it swayed its way down the length of the terminal towards the bathroom. Right before she turned the corner, disappearing out of sight, I noticed the stockings were actually garters.

My cock, which had started stirring when I grabbed her ass, was now beginning to pulse. I'd been so busy in the week and a half before I left home that I hadn't found the time to relieve myself. Looking at the carousel I willed it to start moving soon so I could get home and pump Eve full of the cum that I could feel beginning to simmer in my balls.

The airport wasn't very crowded, and most of the hundred or so people from my flight were hanging around the still motionless carousel. Picking up my backpack I started walking away from the baggage claim and back towards the checkpoint. Turning the corner, I saw the door marked "WOMEN" in blue. Without a second thought (though that assumes there was a first on, a doubtful prospect given how fully the drive for sex had taken over most of my reason) I walked towards the door and pushed through.

It was completely silent in the ladies room, and the fluorescent lights were in various stages of failure; the ones over the sinks blinked intermittently, buzzing, and some of the lights over the stalls had ceased working altogether. The sinks were unpopulated and upon bending down to check the stalls, I thought maybe Eve had gone to a different restroom. 

Squinting I could just make out her black shoes and garters against the shadows of the handicapped stall at the far end of the bathroom. As I approached the stall, I heard her start to pee. When men piss, it's loud, the urine streaming down from twice the height of the toilet to echo in the bowl. When women pee, it's muffled by the sounds of their bodies as they sit on the toilet.

She'd been peeing for less than 5 seconds when I reached her stall and heard the stream suddenly stop. The door of the stall was barely my height, so it took nothing more than standing on my tiptoes to peak over. The stall was about twice the width of all of the others, and it sat right under one of the failed lights, casting a shadow over her body as she sat on the toilet.

"God! Adam, you scared me. What are you doing in here? This is the women's room!" I could hear the surprise in her voice, and it took her a moment to realize her skirt was still lifted up around her stomach, and her panties down around her ankles. When her shock ran out, she smoothed her skirt back down across her thighs, a slight flush creeping into her cheeks.

"Ummm, I'm peeing," she said when I didn't answer her.

"I know," I said. Reaching down I unlocked the stall door and walked in, locking it behind me.

"What, you want to watch me pee?"

"That's not why I came in here," I replied, letting my backpack slip from my shoulder to the ground.

"Well why the hell did you come in here?"

"I can't wait until we get back to your house, I gotta fuck you now."

"Well I gotta pee," she said, sounding a little flustered.

"Then go."

"With you just standing there?"

"I'm sorry, where are my manners," I said, moving closer to stand directly in front of her. 

"Lift up your skirt so I can watch."

"So you do want to watch me pee."

"That's not why I came in here, but yes, I do. I want to see you open your legs a little. I want to watch you spread the lips of your pussy. I want to watch as that arc of piss streams out of your body and into the toilet."

She frowned at me for a moment.

"Damn girl, it's not like I'm telling you to piss on me. And here I thought you might actually have gotten dirtier since I last saw you."

"Hey, I am dirtier," she said quickly. "I'm just . . . surprised." With that she slowly lifted her skirt back up around her stomach and, spreading her legs more, began to pee. Looking down between her legs, I could see the fluid as it dropped into the toilet. Her pussy was largely obscured by shadow, however, so that all I could make out was the general shape of her spread lips.

I was a little surprised to feel my cock getting harder as I watched her pee. It was quickly beginning to push against the front of my pants. Eve abruptly reached out and began undoing my belt, which lay at eye level where she sat peeing. Without stopping what she was doing, she managed to have my cock in her hand and out of my pants before I could swallow the lump of desire that was building in my throat. 

Immediately she began stroking my cock, sliding the skin up and down my shaft. Our eyes met as she continued to pee, my cock in one hand, the other holding up her skirt. We stayed looking at each other as her peeing faded to drips, all the while her hand massaging the length of my manhood. 

I ripped off a few sections of toilet paper from the dispenser on my right. My eyes still locked on hers, I reached down between her legs and wiped the last remnants of pee from the lips of her cunt, letting the now moist paper fall into the bowl under her.

She let go of my cock and stood up from the toilet, stepping out of her panties and towards me. Our mouths mashed together in what could be considered either a kiss or assault, our tongues frantically probing each others mouths to the sound of the automatic toilet flushing. Breaking out kiss, I pushed her back from me. She paused, her eyes locked on mine. 

For a moment I was lost, unsure of what I was doing, or where I was, but my attention was caught by a droplet of pee as it dripped from between her legs onto the tile floor. Looking back up at her face, I reached out and in one fluid motion, ripped open the front of her shirt, causing buttons to scatter around the stall.

She gasped, but before she could say anything, our mouths were back together. This time she broke the kiss in order to roughly pull my shirt over my head. Once I could see her again, I noticed that her bra was a lacy black. Before I could make a move, she reached behind her back and unclasped the bra, tossing it in my face. When I took the bra from my head, she was on her knees, taking my half erect cock back into her hands. She seemed to be moving at twice the speed of my brain. 

As she slowly began stroking my cock again, she leaned down to plant kisses along the head. I took a moment to look at her breasts, which I hadn't seen in over two months. They looked just as delicious as when I'd left; two smallish mounds of flesh capped by pretty pinkish brown nipples. I loved the size of her tits, which, because I was sometimes greedy, I could suck entirely into my mouth.

"Rub my cock on your tits," I told her, wanting to feel her breasts again. 

With one last kiss she straightened up and began rubbing the head of my cock around her tits, avoiding her rock hard nipples until the very end. The smooth warm skin of her breasts felt great caressing my cock, and I was almost sorry when she stopped. Almost, because no sooner had she taken my cock from her tits, then she engulfed it entirely in her mouth. I let out a little groan as the warm velvety wetness encased my member.

As she began bobbing her head along my cock, I heard the door of the bathroom open and someone enter the stall at the other end of the row. Had she been quiet enough, I'm sure the woman could have heard the slurping sounds that were coming from Eve's mouth hungrily devouring my hard dick, but as it was, any sound we were making was drowned out by the woman's noisy stream of piss. 

I was sure Eve could feel my cock grow a fraction at the thought of some other woman just a few feet away from us, since her tongue started flicking at the underside of my cock with increased vigor. I groaned once more as the peeing stopped, and the woman worked loudly on making the toilet paper dispenser work. I heard the toilet flush and a few seconds later the stall door bang shut as a sink went on in the other side of the room.

"Fuck yeah, suck my dick you little slut" I said, confident that the woman couldn't hear us over the noise of the sink.

"Yeah, I like having your hard cock in my mouth," Eve replied, removing her lips from around my dick. 

The sink turned off and after a minute or two I realized I hadn't heard the door to the bathroom close. Suddenly I felt a pair of eyes on my back, and I realized the woman must have heard us and was right now peaking through the crack between the door and wall.

"Lick my balls, Baby, I've missed the way you bath them with your tongue," I said, trying to sound dramatic for our guest.

"Mmmm. . . you know I like licking your clean shaven balls," she said, looking past my body at the pair of watching eyes. 

With her left hand, Eve continued stroking my cock, and with the right began cupping my balls so she could lick them. She started off slowly, licking each testicle fully before sucking it gently into her warm mouth. I heard the bathroom door close as she finished sucking my balls.

"I think she liked our show, don't you?"

"Who wouldn't?" I said, looking down into her eyes. 

She continued slowly stroking my cock with her left hand, but did not return to sucking me. She sat on her knees, head turned up expectantly at me. Finally, when I couldn't take the maddeningly slow tease of her hand, I spoke.

"Why you staring at me?"

"I haven't seen you in a while."

"I know. That's why I'm here in the bathroom, getting ready to fuck you."

"Well, why don't you start by fucking my face then." I paused for a moment, unsure of what to do. The prospect of fucking her face made an extra few ounces of blood pump into my already engorged cock, but I was apprehensive about getting carried away in the heat of the moment. As if sensing my reasons for delay, she shook her head.

"Don't worry, I want to feel you fuck my face. I want to feel you ram that hard cock down my throat. How's that for dirty?"

"Yes ma'am, if you say so," I responded, a smile tugging at the corners of my mouth once more, doubt gone. 

Slowly she bent forward, arching her spin inwards. Her mouth enveloped my cock again, and I felt her hands run up the backs of my legs to rest on my ass. When I didn't start fucking her immediately, she pulled my hips forward, causing my cock to push deeper into her mouth. 

Removing my hands from the walls of the stall where they'd been steadying me, I brought them to either side of her head, using her two pony-tails as guides. Slowly I began pulling her head forward as I pushed my hips into her. I could feel my cock as it slide in past her wet lips. Once more she grabbed my ass and pulled me to her harder.

My restraint was beginning to erode, and I began thrusting into her with more force, bringing her face to meet me. I could feel my cock hitting the back of her throat, and I started thrusting harder still. Pretty soon her nose was poking into my stomach with each thrust, and I could feel my cock as it hit the back of her throat and slide down it some. She was deep throating me. The thought, as well as the amazing sensation, had me close to the edge.

"Oh . . God. . . you little slut. . . yeah. . . take my whole cock down your throat. Suck my cock."

I thought about cuming in her mouth. About her swallowing the pint glass full of cum that I felt beginning to boil in my balls. I was so far back, I realized I'd cum right down her throat, filling her stomach with my cum and denying her the chance to taste my salty semen which she claimed to love so much. I pushed my cock into her mouth one more time, feeling the head of my cock slide back down her throat, before pulling out of her.

"You like fucking my face?" she said, looking into my eyes.

"Fuck, yeah. . . I had to stop it was so good. . . one more second and I would have cum buckets right down you throat."

"I like it when you fill me with your cum."

"I will, just not in your mouth and not yet," I said, pulling her to her feet and leaning in to kiss her mouth. 

While a second ago I'd been fucking her face roughly, I now kissed it tenderly. Moving from her full lips I began to kiss down her neck. Slowly I made my way up towards her right ear, until I was nibbling and sucking on her earlobe. Her breathing got heavier

I began making my way back down her neck when the bathroom door opened again. Kneeling down, I brought my hands up to cup her breasts. I began kissing and licking her right breast, gradually working my way in a complete circle around her nipple. I made my circle tighter and tighter, pausing occasionally to suck into my mouth or lightly bite the flesh of her tit, leaving silver dollar sized red splotches. When I finally got to the edge of her areola, I stuck my tongue out and gently licked across her nipple, leaving a trail of saliva moistening the hard little button of pinkish brown flesh.

I was so focused on Eve's breast that I barely heard the sounds of the new occupant using one of the nearby stalls. I licked once more, though harder, before locking my lips around her nipple and sucking it and the surrounding breast fully into my mouth. I could hear her gasp, and I was sure the other woman in the bathroom could hear us, but I was beyond caring. I slowly let her nipple out of my mouth bit by bit until I was once again kissing her nipple. Loosening my lips I began sucking in again, causing cool air to rush into my mouth and over her nipple while I simultaneously flicked it with the tip of my tongue. Her gasps turned to moans, which were covered by the sounds of the sink being turned on.

After a minute of torturing her nipple, I moved to her left breast and began circling in once more. This time when I sucked her nipple into my mouth, I gently bit down. Not hard enough to draw blood, but hard enough to still be pleasurable. By the time I was done with her left breast, the bathroom was once again empty. Removing my hands from her breasts, I stood up, letting my hands run down the smooth skin of her sides until I reached the waist of her skirt. With a quick flick of my wrist, I unbuttoned and then unzipped her skirt, letting it fall to the ground around her feet.

Again we embraced, our arms encircling each other as our faces met for a passionate kiss. Her tongue pushed into mine with more intensity than before. I let my hands travel down the curve of her back and over the garter belt until I was cupping her ass in both hands, lifting up just enough to feel the firm muscles she'd gotten from a summer of running. I could feel my cock pulse and rub against her stomach and knew I would need to fuck her soon.

Breaking the kiss I returned to my knees in front of her, taking in the sight of her bare pussy framed by the black garter belt around her waist and the stockings that went all the way up to the middle of her thighs. Her pussy was completely hairless, and I realized she must have shaved special for me. 

I could see little beads of moisture on the puffy lips of her cunt and though I'd already wiped her clean, I wondered if it was evidence of her excitement or of her reason for coming into the bathroom. There was already the faint aroma of her sex in the air, so I figured it was the former. Leaning in I planted a kiss square on her pussy lips. Taking her left leg in my hand I looked up at her.

"Lift up your leg and put it over my shoulder. Put your hand on the wall behind me if you need more support. I'm going to dip into your little honey pot." She smiled and bit her lip as she leaned into the wall for balance and lifted her leg up, the bottom of her stocking-clad thigh resting on my shoulder. Her pussy, lips slightly spread, was right at eye level. I reached under and over her left leg with my right hand, bringing it to the top of her pussy so I could spread it open more for my tongue. I let my left hand circle around behind her to grab at her ass.
